Prologue

"You're a stupid f**king cunt. Why did you do this?"

Neal Coal stayed in the background looking at his parents as they fought. His mother was high again, but this time there were tears in her eyes. Whatever had happened, it was bad. His father was clearly pissed.

"What? Had some fun? You have your fun all the time with your f**king whores. What do I get?" His mother sounded bitter, angry, terrified. "I get their sloppy f**king seconds. You're no good."

"You've no idea what you've done." His father looked scared. In all the years he'd known his father not once had Neal seen him scared.

"I don't give a f**k. You got your pu**y, and I got what makes me happy."

He gasped as his father slapped her around the face.

"You're a f**king whore. He**in, crack, weed, you name it, you're on it. You've got so many f**king infections you're a talking petri dish." His father sneered at her. "You're not fit to be anything, let alone a f**king old lady and a mother to my kids."

The front doors slammed open, and Neal was thrown against the wall as large men he'd never seen entered the room.

A kick landed to his ribs, and Neal grabbed his chest, panicking. His sister was dragged into the sitting room. He heard the screams along with the shouting. Neal curled in a ball trying to dodge the blows that came his way. His father was part of the club called Savage Brothers MC. It was an exclusive biker club, and Neal knew no one hurt the Savage Brothers and got away with it.

"You see, son, there is only one way to deal with scum." Neal heard the booming voice over all the pain and male grunts. Toward his left he saw a large man using his younger sister. Other men were taking turns on his mother, and others were holding his father down. His father was fighting with all of his might, but nothing he did released him from being held down. Neal tried to fight harder than ever before. His family needed him. For many years his father had told him the place Neal would be expected to take at the Savages' table. He couldn't embarrass his father now.

"You little shit."

Pain, excruciating pain unlike anything he'd ever felt exploded inside him. Putting a hand to his stomach he felt the wetness of his blood.

"Dad, he shot the boy." The small boy looked toward him. Neal saw the confusion on the other boy's face. Fear pulled at him with tears falling down his face at the pain and his failure. No club would ever rely on him. He was weak, pathetic, and he couldn't protect his own family.

"He'll die like his family. This is what you're going to have to do, Frederick. You're going to have to make choices you hate. Men need to learn to respect you, which means hurting people you shouldn't. Women and children are the best source of getting to a man. Find a man's weakness and use it again him. You must always be willing to pull the trigger."

"I understand, Dad."

Neal watched the older man smile down at his boy. "You listen to me, Fred, and you'll never have a care in the world. You'll know that you can take what you want without a care in the world. I'm building you up an empire, son, one that is going to give you the world on a plate."

Minutes passed, and Neal started to shake. This morning he'd woken up excited about his holidays. Now he was on the verge of death.

"Now, with these decisions you need to know when to end them." In quick shots the older man fired his gun killing everyone in the room. There was no emotion on his face, only determination to see an end to what he was doing.

The boy known as Fred stared around. "There's blood everywhere."

"But no signs of us around. Earn respect by being willing to kill. You will learn with time it's the only way to go. What I'm doing for you will cement your life in years to come. Only allow men you trust to do your dirty work. Everything else, you do on your own. Always, Fred, be willing to do whatever it takes. Everyone will be eating out of the palm of your hand."

Opening his eyes, Neal stared into a pair of brown eyes.

"Dad, this boy is alive."

The older man looked over at him. "He'll die before the ambulance comes. We need to go now, Fred. Your mother will bitch if we're late for lunch. I'm not interested in listening to her moan."

He watched the two people who'd taken everything from him, leaving the house. The pain was getting worse, and he closed his eyes, wishing for the pain to end. He started to see lights and along a line he watched each of his family heading toward the light. They were all beckoning for him to join them. It would be so easy to cross that line. The moment he did, the pain would be gone. He didn't know how he knew this, only that he did.

****

"We're losing him. Come on, kid, don't die on me." Someone was touching his neck. His family was disappearing from sight. The pain increased as if he was being ripped open. They didn't look sad for him to be going. "We've got a pulse. Come on, son. Get your ass back here."

The female doctor was stern, demanding his return.

Coughing, Neal opened his eyes seeing the white of the room. "Come on, we need to get these stitches in." Warm eyes smiled down at him. "Hey, kid, you're back, and I can promise you, you're not going anywhere."

He was no longer in pain, and the female doctor was putting some stitches into his body. "Name?" he asked.

"Do you know your name?" She grabbed his chart. "You're Neal Coal."

Shaking his head, he pointed at her. His body felt heavy, but he pointed at her and said her name.

"My name? I'm Becca Stanford. It's a pleasure to meet you." She leaned in close, whispering against his ears. "I was a friend of your father's. I'm going to protect you."

The warmth in her eyes let him know she was more than a friend. Either way, he was safe, which was more than he could say for his family.

****

Neal was due to go to the foster home they had lined up. He'd been in the hospital for the last three weeks, and he was on the mend. Becca was the only person in his world right now. She kept him protected and made sure everyone else stayed away. His family was all dead, but no one would tell him what happened, not even Becca. The only person who visited him, beside the police, was Becca, the doctor who saved him and his father's lover.

"Hey, kid, are you ready to go?" she asked, taking a seat on his bed.

"Yeah. I got the pain pills." He held up the backpack she'd given him. Neal didn't own anything else to his name. Everything he wore came from Becca. The backpack was filled with all the medication he'd need for the coming weeks.

"Let me have a look at your wound. I know you like to break the rules, so I'm going to make sure you stay in line."

He lay down on the bed, and she looked over the wound. She pressed her hands around his stomach looking concerned.

"I almost died, didn't I?" Neal asked. There was pain in her eyes as he spoke.

"Neal, you died for two minutes on my table." She sat beside him, ticking some points on his chart. "I don't want to see you in this hospital again, and I'm sure your father would hate it, too."

"Did you love him?" Neal asked.

Becca smiled. "I did. He was going to leave his wife after he dealt with her latest problems." She shrugged. "I guess shit like that was never going to be easy." She shook her head. "Don't get admitted to the hospital again."

"I don't intend to."

She turned to him, and he saw the seriousness on her face. "No, what happened back in that room in your house you need to forget, for your own safety."

He frowned at her. "Someone killed my family."

Becca took his hands. "And that someone believes you're dead. They believe a lot of people are dead. I need you to not remember and to never go looking for that person or thinking about your past." She looked around the room then flashed her inner arm at him. He saw the emblem of his dad's MC. She was more than his father's whore or lover. His father had claimed her as an old lady. Neal didn't know how it was possible, but it apparently was. "The club is gone, Neal. I know who you are, and I'm begging you to stay alive. I'm going to keep an eye on you. I promised your father I would, but I need you to do this for me."

"I promise."

She touched his cheek. "The moment you leave this room, you forget everything, and there are documents in your bag as to who you are. Use them and never forget the person you're supposed to be."

Neal nodded. "I don't remember anything."

Smiling, she stood up. "If you ever need me, let me know. I'll be around."

"Wait, I don't know how to get in touch with you," he said.

Becca smiled at him, the same smile that must have won over his father. "But I'll know when you're looking for me." She gave him a wink and left the room.

****

At twenty years old, Neal stared around the club in Fort Wills. The party was in full swing, and Tiny was motioning for him to come closer.

"Well, if it's not Butch," one of the sweet-butts said, purring.

"Butch?" Tiny asked, smirking. Hardy and Mikey were chuckling at him. He didn't care. Neal had wanted to be part of The Skulls for a long time. No matter how much he forgot his father's lifestyle, being part of an MC was in his blood. He was willing to do anything and everything to be patched in. Neal knew how the world of the club worked. He'd get his tag, and then he'd be part of a brotherhood once again.

"Yeah, he's all big and butch. I like him." The sweet-butt was caressing his shoulders, chuckling.

"You know what, you've got your name already, mate," Tiny said, laughing.

"What?"

"Butch. You answer to that or nothing else, you got me?" Tiny asked.

"Yeah, I got you."

"Good. You can be a prospect. It'll take years for you to earn your cut, but you'll get there. Follow the rules, don't doubt shit I say, and be loyal to the club. Respect the patch and you'll be a member in no time. Do you think you can do that?" Tiny asked.

"I can do that."

"Good. Butch, the toilets need cleaning. Take Stink with you. It will be entertaining for all of us."

Turning away from the men, Neal fell away, along with the mistakes of his past, and Butch was born. No one needed to know what happened, and the name Gonzalez fell from his thoughts.

Chapter One

Butch wiped the sweat from his brow as he dumped the latest bag of trash in with the rest around the back of the shop. Working at the coffee shop was not easy, not by a long shot. It was honest work, and he wasn't afraid for Cheryl's life. He'd gone from working in the front of the coffee shop serving people, to being asked to work around the back doing dishes so no one saw him. The owner told him he scared too many people with the reputation of the club. Since quitting The Skulls a month ago he'd been working odd jobs trying to find one that actually stuck. He refused to work as a mechanic as that kept him in the MC life. The Skulls were the only mechanic shop in town. Butch didn't want to leave Fort Wills. Cheryl was here, and he wasn't ready to leave her or her son, Matthew. It was a nice name for a nice kid. Matthew Barnes, father unknown, or at least he was to him. Cheryl knew who the father was to her kid, but no one else did.

Staring up at the blazing sun, Butch couldn't help but think about the club. He wondered what they were doing. The last he heard Lash was still away with Angel and their son. Sophia and Nash were spending time with their daughter. Life was going on around him, and not once did he have a clue as to the dangers lurking. Blaine was still keeping up with his woman and child. Curse, from Chaos Bleeds, had brought in a new enemy or business partner. Butch didn't know the answer as he was no longer part of their world. There was something about the name of the new possible enemy that made his gut tighten.

You walked out. Now you stay out.

The Skulls were no longer part of his business. His cell phone rang, and he saw it was Lash calling.

"Hey, man. It must be costing you some to be calling me," Butch said, leaning against the brick wall in the shade.

"Are you f**king shitting me, man? You quit the club while I'm away. What kind of shit is that?" Lash started yelling over the line. Closing his eyes, Butch listened to his friend's tirade. He'd tried to leave without any of the brothers finding out. Tiny had made sure everyone knew the truth. It didn't matter. Butch wasn't going back no matter how much he missed the club. Sweltering days like today were a nightmare. He missed the banter, the drinking, the partying, and feeling like part of something. The MC life was in his blood; it was his destiny.

"Where's Angel?" Butch asked, cutting into all the yelling and tried to change the subject.

"She's at the beach with our son. Don't f**king change the subject. Why the f**k are you leaving? Did you hand in your cut?"

Letting out a sigh, Butch felt a pain bloom inside his chest. He'd given up his cut, and he also had an appointment to have his ink changed so he didn't hold any symbol of his involvement with The Skulls. In a few weeks' time all of his involvement with the club would cease and his past would be dumped like his childhood.

"Who told you I was out?" Butch asked.

"Nash let it slip ten f**king minutes ago. You're out, and you've got no plans of coming back."

"It's not the life I want anymore."

"Bullshit. This is the only life you've ever wanted. I remember when you were a prospect, Butch. You're five years older than me. You wanted in the life. It's in your blood. You told me back then that you'd do everything to get patched in, and you did. You cleaned more shit toilets and whores off the floor than any other f**king brother. Every shitty assignment Tiny gave us, you took. All of that hard work for nothing?"

"Not anymore. Time has changed, the fun has gone, and I've got nothing but pain to look forward to." Butch looked toward the door knowing he needed to get back inside. He didn't need the money, but he refused to sit on his ass all day while Cheryl was out working. Butch was not the kind of man to sit on his ass all day while the woman worked.

"What made you quit?" Lash asked.

"I found a woman. I'm not willing to risk her life being part of a group who has enemies as magnets." He started walking back to the door as Lash cursed over the line. "She's got a kid, and I can't ask her to be with me at the risk to her kid."

"We can't have your back if you're not part of the club."

"I don't need you to have my back. Unlike most of you I don't actually have a past with enemies." He had a past filled with pain, but no enemies. No one knew he was alive. He was dead to the whole world. The Skulls didn't need to know what his past was all about. Butch held the memories close to his chest, where they'd stay.

"This is insane. I should come back and beat the crap out of you."

Butch laughed. "Angel wouldn't be happy. She wouldn't say anything to you, but you'd only hurt her by cutting your vacation short. Leave my decisions with me. I'm not going back to The Skulls. It's over, and you all should realize I'm happier for it."

Hanging up the phone didn't ease the tension inside him. He missed the life already but he was determined to create a new life. Butch knew from harsh experience what it was like to have his loved ones torn away because of a bad decision. The Skulls were getting more dangerous, and there was no hope for Cheryl if he continued with the same kind of crap. For all of his good intentions, it didn't stop him needing more, the curiosity to know what's going on with Tiny and his brothers. It had been a month, and already he wanted to know what was going down so he could help his family. The Skulls gave him back the family he'd lost so many years ago, yet he'd pulled away from them for love.

Closing his eyes he recalled the screams of his sister when he couldn't save her. The curses his father yelled, threatening all the men who were hurting them. All of his family was dead, and there would be no chance of them coming back. Watching his sister get raped and killed was just par for the course at the age of thirteen. Butch knew when he saw her brains getting blown apart that his life was never going to be the same. There was nothing he could have done, not even at thirteen. Going from one foster home to another until he was out of the system at eighteen, he'd already been on the path set for The Skulls.

Pushing his finger and thumb against his eyes, he fought the pain the memories gave him. All the time he kept them locked in a box. Not one of his brothers knew the truth about his past. Neal Coal was dead along with his family, and all of them had died long ago, and he wasn't ever going to be returning to that life. Becca had told him to forget, and he had to a point.

Unlike his brothers Butch's enemies remained in the past with no hope of ever returning. Over the years, even without his father or the Savage Brothers, he'd trained to fight and learned to take a beating. To earn money, he entered into illegal fights. He was a fierce fighter and made sure he would come out the winner or die f**king trying. The only way for him to live in this world was to leave his enemies six feet f**king under. He couldn't avenge what happened to him as a young boy, but he could make sure all of his present enemies were dead. Entering the back of the coffee shop he set back to work, cleaning dishes from the cakes they made in the shop. No one approached him, which he liked. If anyone was to even say a word to him, he'd go f**king crazy. They talked amongst themselves.

The moment the box opened in his mind and the old memories started to work through, he lost it. Becca had told him to keep everything locked up inside. There was no need to go out and seek the truth. He believed and trusted her.

"Butch."

He turned at his name to see the manager, Langnor, staring at him.

"What's up?"

"Tiny and Alex are out there to see you. They've asked for a minute of your time."

He cursed, staring up at the ceiling. The last thing he needed with the memories slowly coming back was the two men looking over his shoulder trying to bring him back into the fold. What made it worse was the respect he had for Tiny and Alex. Both men were worth his loyalty to the club. He'd never turn his back on them, not for anyone.

Think about Cheryl.

Cheryl Barnes and her sweet boy were the only good things to happen to him since The Skulls. The danger the club faced was not something he wanted to bring to her. Butch wanted a chance with her, a real chance to have a family of his own.

Wiping his hands on the towel, he threw the towel on the counter then headed into the main coffee room. Alex and Tiny were sitting in the far corner in a private booth. Ignoring all the gawping and stares, he took a seat opposite them. Both men were sitting on one side. Butch just knew a confrontation was about to happen.

"You're working in a coffee shop?" Tiny asked, grimacing. "Your talent is f**king amazing at cars and in the club, and you're serving f**king coffee. This is sad. You didn't go through all that shit to become a f**king dishwasher." Tiny shook his head, clearly angered by what was going on.

Butch stared at his president without saying a word. He would listen to whatever the men had to say before returning to work. This was the life he wanted now. None of them knew the true danger that they faced. Butch had lived through it once, and he wasn't doing it again.

"He doesn't care, Tiny. Leave him alone." Alex leaned forward. "We want you to come back."

"No. I'm not coming back."

"We need you. Devil's got something going on, and we're all going to be in danger if we don't band together."

Holding his hand up, Butch shook his head. "I'm not going to argue with you. I'm not coming back. I'm out. I've got an appointment with a tattooist, and he's going to black out my club markings. You've got all my leather cuts. I'm done, and I'm out. I don't need to know any more shit."

"You're being an ass**le," Tiny said.

"Who is causing a problem?" Butch asked.

Tiny stayed silent as Alex leaned forward, linking his fingers together in front of him. "A man known as Frederick Gonzalez. He's ruffled Devil's feathers, and when I asked Ned Walker, Eva's father has told us to stay clear of the bastard. Frederick is not a man to be trifled with."

Whistling, Butch looked out of the window thinking about Cheryl. Something tingled in his mind about the name. He couldn't grasp the memory, but he saw a boy leaning over him when he got shot. No, it couldn't be related. There was no way it could. His past was dead. This wasn't his problem anymore. Cheryl was his problem. The club used to be his life, and he'd been out of it for a month and already there was a new enemy.

"I'm not coming back. I've got a life."

"Is a cunt really worth this?" Alex asked.

Fisting his hands, he glared at the other man. "Yeah, she is."

"I don't have a clue who this woman is, but she must have one golden pu**y to keep you away from us all."

"She's not keeping me away. I'm choosing to be away." Butch stood up. He was finished with this conversation. They could turn up trying to bring him back, but he wasn't going to let anything happen. He was in love with Cheryl Barnes, and he wouldn't do anything to mess that up. "Coffee is on me." None of them had touched the cups in front of them. He made his way to the back of the shop and refused to let anyone disrupt him from his own thoughts.

He was making the right decision. Danger, when it came to the club, always ended in violence. The last few years had proven that.

****

Cheryl finished wrapping up the bouquet of red roses for Nash. He handed her a card to write up the payment. She didn't speak to him other than to offer advice on the kind of flowers his wife would want. Nash was one of only a few men who came to the store to buy flowers. She loved making the bouquets they requested. Some of the men had amazing taste when it came to color.

"Lash says you're the best, and I have to say, Sophia is going to love me for these," he said.

She smiled, handing him back a receipt and his card. "I hope she likes them." Seconds later he left the shop without a word about Butch. One month ago she'd woken up at two in the morning to find Butch waiting on her doorstep. For the first time since she'd met him, he hadn't been wearing a leather jacket with The Skulls logo on. She hadn't recognized him at first until she saw his green eyes. There was no way she'd ever forget those green eyes. From the moment she first met him in the church those eyes had plagued her. Living in Fort Wills for the last ten years hadn't given her any clue as to who all the members of the local MC club were. She didn't pay much attention to all the men. Her thoughts were preoccupied elsewhere.

When the door was closed behind Nash she went back to finishing up her summer display with bright, vibrant colors. Her thoughts returned to Butch like they always did when she was alone. The first week he quit The Skulls he'd spent the nights on her sofa, against her mother's advice. After that week he found a place of his own, but he kept coming around to see her. She didn't know what he wanted. There were times she truly thought he was going to kiss her, and then at others, he seemed more a friend than a potential boyfriend. She was going crazy thinking about him.

Ever since Matthew's father left without getting in touch with her, she'd not been with any other man. No one knew who fathered her child, and she was going to keep it that way. He was an older man who'd used her for a weekend of fun. The first time she'd gone about experimenting had been the biggest mistake she'd ever made.

Glancing down at her watch she saw it was past five and she needed to get home. She didn't volunteer at the church tonight. Matthew got all of her attention, which she was thankful for. There were times she really didn't feel she had enough time with him. Her son was three years old and going to be starting school very soon. She wanted to get him to spell his own name before he got there.

Her mother helped with his care throughout the day while Cheryl was working. Tying her hair behind her head she started to lock up the shop. She wondered what her mother had been doing with Matthew as she exited the shop. Turning toward the road she jumped. Butch sat on his motorcycle waiting for her.

"Hey, beautiful," he said.

"Butch, you scared me." She pressed a hand to her chest.

"I thought I'd give you a lift home."

"What do you want out of it?" she asked, dubious about the lift.

He laughed. The sound went straight to her pu**y, making her melt. She tensed at the sudden assault of pleasure. He was the first man since Matthew's father to turn her on. She'd been a virgin, and one weekend of pleasure had changed that for the rest of her life. Coming away she'd no longer been a virgin but also pregnant. She learned her lesson about giving into pleasure. For now, she kept Butch at arms' length, even though she wanted him more every time she saw him.

"I was thinking dinner and a movie." Butch held up a DVD. Seeing the romantic comedy in his hands, Cheryl laughed.

"You're willing to watch a film you've criticized so that I can cook you dinner?" She stepped closer inhaling his musky male scent. In all of her life the smell of sweat and male had never been quite so addictive.

"Your food is worth it."

She chuckled, feeling his infectious laughter get to her. "Okay, I'll cook you dinner, but you're totally doing the dishes."

He wrapped his arm around her shoulders, pulling her in close. "We'll see."

Shaking her head, she caught the helmet he tossed her way.

"Put it on. I don't want anything happening to your pretty face."

Cheryl did as he asked, putting the helmet on then climbing on the back of his bike. He grabbed her hands, forcing her to wrap them around his waist. The strength in his stomach alone surprised her. She couldn't believe she was holding onto Butch. Every time she got close to him, she felt alive inside.

The heat pooled and started to get warmer at the feel of his back between her thighs.

Get a grip, Cheryl. Nothing is ever going to happen.

Butch in her life was a mistake. She didn't know why he enjoyed hanging out with her. He knew she had a son and wasn't seeing anyone, and yet he was still there to see her. She wasn't used to the male attention coming from the men in her town. Nibbling her lip, she tried to block all thoughts of Matthew's father from her mind. One weekend of hot sex didn't make for anything else. She'd spent more time with Butch than with Matthew's father.

Without her asking Butch pulled up outside of her mother's place. "I'll be here waiting for you."

"Matthew is not getting on that bike no matter how much he wants to. I won't be allowing him to ride when he's older either. They're death traps." At three years old Matthew was completely stubborn and irrational. She loved him with all of her heart, but he sure knew how to cause a few problems by just being adorable.

"Of course he's not. I'm going to walk beside you the last bit to your place. You don't mind my bike being stored in your yard, do you?" Butch asked.

"No, it's fine." She gave up caring what people thought of her when she turned up pregnant without the father present.

Walking to her mother's front door, she knocked and heard her humming as she walked down the long corridor.

"Hey, honey," Anna Barnes said, opening the door. Her mother's gaze went to Butch before returning back to her. "What's he doing here?"

"He's a friend, Mom. Please, drop it. I don't need to worry about you as well." She walked past her mother going straight to the sitting room where Matthew was sitting with some coloring books and crayons. "Hey, baby." She crouched down, tucking some strands of hair behind her ear.

"Mommy!"

The coloring book and crayons went sprawling to the floor as he jumped up, wrapping his arms around her neck. She picked him up inhaling his sweet scent before turning to her own mother.

"Everything is fine. He's just a friend. You've got nothing to worry about."

"He wants something from you, honey. I see it every time he's around. He wants you, and he's going to claim you," Anna said.

Rolling her eyes, Cheryl focused on her parent even though pleasure poured through every cell in her body. Butch wanted her? It was too much of a fantasy to be real. He was a handsome man who could have any woman he wanted. Why would he settle for her when he could have anyone?

"You're imagining things. We're friends, nothing more. I'm going to take him home. I'm not at work tomorrow, so everything should be fine for me to look after Matthew all day." She blew a raspberry on his cheek. Matthew chuckled, wrapping his pudgy hands around her neck. She loved her son. To her, it didn't matter who the father was. He'd given her a bigger reason for living. Her son meant the world to her. The only thing she wished was different was her bank balance. If she had more money, then Matthew would want for nothing.

Ten minutes later she carried Matthew's bag out of her mother's house and was walking beside Butch to her own.

"She doesn't approve of me, does she?" Butch asked.

"My mom? No, she doesn't know you. Don't take it personally. She's had to deal with a lot. You know, her only daughter turning up pregnant without a father for her child being one. It can take a lot out of any person. She's been there for me, my rock."

"Your own father is not in the picture?"

"Nah, he left a long time ago. He couldn't live up to her high expectations, and he split." Cheryl shrugged. She'd never missed her dad growing up. Her mother was all she needed. Anna Barnes made sure she wanted for nothing, like she was going to with Matthew.

"You don't miss him?"

"Can't miss what you never had. I never had a father. My mom is all I need. She's my rock, and I love her. At a young age she taught me you didn't need a man to depend on in life. I doubt she ever expected me to come home pregnant." She smiled thinking about her life over the years. Her mother never turned her away even when she turned up pregnant without a husband. Pushing some hair off her face, she kissed Matthew's cheek. He was the reason she loved her life. The same reason she went back to church to thank God for giving her such a blessing. No matter what kind of weekend he came from, Matthew was worth every second.

"Hey, Matty," Butch said, reaching over to rustle the boy's head.

"Hey, Neal."

Her heart turned over. Butch accepted his real name out of her son's lips rather than his club name. She'd known him as Butch and couldn't imagine calling him as anything else.

"He's a good kid. You should be proud."

Cheryl smiled. Whenever anyone complimented her son she felt all the pain of giving birth to him was worth it. "I am."

She carried him to her front door. Putting Matthew down, she searched for her key while Butch put his bike away. Cheryl settled her son in front of the television before heading toward the kitchen. The moment Butch entered he stayed by her son. She heard him talking, laughing and joking with Matthew. His voice filled her with joy along with the happiness from her son. Matthew always ended up giggling in his company. Butch was really great with kids, or at least he was great with hers.

Twenty minutes later she had the pasta cooking and the meatballs frying in the pan.

"Hey, baby, do you need a hand?"

Butch placed a hand on her hip invading her space. For several seconds she couldn't even think because of his touch. Licking her dry lips, she glanced to her left and smiled. "No, I've got it."

"Okay. Matthew has an amazing imagination." Butch stepped away, going back to sit with her son.

No, don't start thinking about Butch that way. The last time you did look what happened.

Matthew's father was long gone and not coming back.

Chapter Two

"You're not my dad," Matthew said. Butch looked down at the little guy, and his heart went out to him. He looked saddened by his own words.

"No, I'm not."

"I wish you were."

Butch rolled over to look at him. Out of all the kids he knew, Matthew was sure the smartest. Thinking about his age made him think about the club's latest additions. It wouldn't be long before they were cursing and talking up a storm. Soon the kids would grow up, becoming the next generation of the club, like he should have been to his own father. Cutting the thought off, he stared into Matthew's eyes. The Skulls were no longer his club either. He hoped Tate's son was a pain in the ass for his mother. Shaking his head, he knelt down beside the bed. Cheryl was in the kitchen cleaning up the dinner dishes. He offered to help, but she asked for him to sort out Matthew.

"I know, kiddo. I wish you were mine as well." He sat with his back against the wooden bed and picked up a story book. "It's time for a story. Lay back down and be quiet." Opening the first page, he started to read the book. None of the words registered in his mind, but he spoke the words, using emphasis to help entertain Matthew.

Cheryl joined him within minutes, and together they read the story. This was what he loved about being around her. He felt normal, if that was even a way to describe what was happening to him. The club had been his life for so long, and being away from it gave him an opportunity to be human instead of a guard.

"He's asleep," Cheryl said, taking the book from him.

Standing up, he watched her kiss her son and turn out the nightlight. There wasn't much furniture or toys, but what they did have was taken care of. Cheryl was a hard working woman and made sure Matthew never went without. Butch knew she did though. She hadn't bought herself something nice in three years. Whatever her son needed came before her own needs. Butch wanted the right to be able to treat them both.

"Thank you for that." She tucked some hair behind her ear, walking downstairs. "I don't have any beer, but I made you a tea." He followed behind her into the kitchen. They took their drinks into the sitting room. The sofa was threadbare, and he felt a spring or two dig into his ass. She had nothing and yet never complained about it. "You know you don't have to spend your free time hanging around with me. I'm sure you've got more interesting things to do," she said, smiling.

"I like hanging out with you." All of his friends were part of the club, and if they weren't part of The Skulls, they were part of Chaos Bleeds. He wanted a clean slate with no danger. Cheryl was his only true friend in the world. "You and Matthew are awesome."

"I'm sure you're used to excitement and living life. I've never been to a Skull party, but I sure hear about them. I also serve some of you boys with flowers." She pulled the band from holding her hair up. The long thick waves fell around her face and shoulders looking glossy and silky. His c**k responded, and he inwardly cursed. The last thing he wanted to be thinking about was sex. Cheryl deserved more than a rough pounding. He'd never leave her when he finished. Cheryl was the kind of woman you stayed around to see. She had lived with a broken heart from being used once before. He wasn't going to put her through any painful experiences.

"Yeah, club life is not like real life."

"You sound sarcastic. Why?" She pulled her legs up to her chest and stared at him.

"Are you really interested?" he asked.

She shrugged. "Why not? It's not like I've got anything to talk about. You know my story. Let me know yours."

Turning toward her, he crossed his legs feeling like a teenager. He removed his shoes the moment he walked into the house. "The Skulls is my life, and the parties we have are fun. There is always an available woman, and it's a family. That's what I love the most, the family way of life. The Skulls stick together through thick and thin."

"What do you mean?" she asked.

"It doesn't matter who you are or what you are. You got that patch on, you're part of the family and the brothers will love you. Don't get me wrong, you'll earn that patch. Every night of being a prospect will feel like shit and like you've got no chance of ever being trusted or respected. Then, you earn your patch, and the world changes. You're part of something bigger, amazing." He smiled thinking about the love the family gave. Tiny and Eva were the parents while all of the others were their children. It was a strange way of looking at it, but it worked for him even if he was a grown ass man. "Tiny doesn't discriminate against any member over size, color, or even if they're homosexual. We're a family, and providing they've got each other's back, no one cares."

"Sounds nice," she said.

"Doesn't matter how nice it sounds, it all comes with problems."

"You don't have to talk about them if you don't trust me. I've heard you're all secretive and won't allow an outsider into the fold. I won't hold your secrets against you." She was caressing the back of the sofa, running her hand along the edge. He wondered what it would feel like having her hands wrapped around his cock.

"I trust you. Some of the crap that went down, you don't need to know. We've got enemies intent on hurting us. Tiny has rules within the club, no drugs, no underage sex, and no beating on women. He takes care of the town and expects his men to follow those rules." Butch liked the rules. They were the reason he respected Tiny. Maybe if the Savage Brothers had had more rules, they wouldn't have ended up dead. Pushing those thoughts back, he brought his focus back to Cheryl.

"Why did you leave?"

He turned to look at her.

"I can see you love the club and your brothers. Why did you leave?"

Staring down at his full cup of tea he shook his head. "Because we were never out of danger, and it was all we were dealing with on a daily basis. None of us could get away from it. The women were always in the hospital. Lash, one of my brothers, he's taken his woman abroad to Italy to get her out of danger. They're not due back for a few months. Every woman in the club has been killed or hurt in some way." He looked back toward her. "I don't want to worry about you. This is not the life I want to bring you into. You and Matthew do not deserve to be in danger. I won't let you be part of it."

He reached out to touch her cheek.

"Butch, we're friends."

"And yet you know how I feel about you." He ran a finger over her lips. She didn't pull away. Staring into her eyes he saw the conflict there. "I know you're not ready for me or for this."

"You quit the club for me?" she asked.

"Yeah, I quit it for both of us."

"I've got a son by another man. I'm a single mom."

He chuckled. "Babe, you're not upsetting me with this."

"We know nothing about each other. I don't know your parents or who you are."

"They're dead. They died a long time ago. I watched all of them die, including my sister. I ended up in care, and I've not looked back since." He gritted his teeth at the truth spilling from his lips.

She pressed a hand to her lips, gasping. "Butch, I'm so sorry." Her arms wrapped around his body, and he enjoyed the feel of her body against his. The softness of her br**sts pressed against his chest. He wanted to feel them na**d pressing against his chest. Stroking a hand down her back, he simply enjoyed the feel of her close to him. She smelled like citrus fruits, sweet yet tempting.

"Don't be sorry for me, baby. I forgot about them a long time ago."

"Who was it?"

"I don't know, but they're all dead." Butch cursed. He shouldn't tell her what happened. There was something about Cheryl that made him want to be honest. "You can't share any of this with anyone."

"I won't."

"My dad was part of an MC years ago. He didn't love my mom, but his way of life wasn't like Tiny's. The men in The Skulls stay loyal to their women. We don't stray. My dad f**ked everything that walked." Butch looked down at his lap. He took a sip of the lukewarm liquid, forcing himself to drink it. "The club did drugs, and as time went on and another sweet-butt started showing she was pregnant with my dad's kid, my mom started using drugs to hide. Over time she got in debt. That debt caused a few problems between the club and my mom's drug dealer."

He'd not spoken to anyone about this. His past would always stay there. Becca's warning was still firm in his mind.

"To cut a long story short, the club tried to f**k over the drug dealers, and they all ended up dead." Butch frowned as he thought about what Tiny and Alex had said to him that afternoon. "I've got to go." He placed the cup on the coffee table.

"What? You don't have to leave?" She went with him out to the main hall. It was such a small house.

"I know, but there's something I've got to do. I'm sorry about this shit." He leaned down, kissing her cheek. "This weekend is the Fort Wills fair out at the main field."

"So?" She was shaking her head. "You're all over the place. I'm confused."

"Will you and Matthew go with me this Saturday to the fair?" He used to go with The Skulls to make sure nothing bad happened to the club.

"You want us to go with you?"

"Yeah. We could have a picnic, some fun."

"I'd love to go." Her beaming smile would stay with him for a long time.

"Good. I'll be back to see you soon." He closed the door refusing to leave until he heard the lock going.

Climbing on his bike, Butch knew he needed to help his brothers. He had information that could help them all.

****

Tiny stared at Devil across from him. His friend had brought a few of his men to come to Fort Wills. In the next couple of days some of the Chaos Bleeds crew would be coming to town to enjoy the fair they had planned. The barbeque they were supposed to have had been cancelled. Tiny wasn't taking his woman or kids to a town where Gonzalez was.

"How's Lexie?" Tiny asked.

"She's scared. All the women are scared. He came into my f**king clubhouse, Tiny. Insulted me and my club and now I'm having to deal with this shit. He killed Jerry. I know the bastard was a pimp, but he was a f**king pimp with standards." Devil's leg was bouncing up and down, showing his agitation.

"I've heard of Frederick. He wants in on the MC action. It's not unheard of," Alex said. His former brother-in-law was standing by the window looking out at the night.

"I don't give a f**k who wants in on the action. Piston County is my town. No one controls Chaos Bleeds. I'm president of my f**king club, and yet I'm supposed to take f**king orders from a bastard pimp? A foreign f**king pimp at that, bastard!" Devil slammed his fist against the desk.

"We're all a little pissed," Pussy said.

"He shot Jerry in front of our f**king women," Vincent said. Tiny hadn't seen Vincent on the road in years. The fact he was here put Tiny on the alert. Nothing got Vincent to leave his town unless he thought there was a real threat. The man had pulled his act together since meeting Phoebe.

"This f**ker made sure my name was mentioned?" Tiny asked.

"He made sure to tell me how scary you were." Devil stood, pacing the small office. All of his men were outside waiting for the news. Devil showing up with six of his men was enough to put them all on the alert. Since Alan, Zero's enemy, had taken them by storm, the whole club had tried to stay out of trouble. Now, Devil was bringing them a shitload of trouble, and Tiny didn't like it.

"Have there been any sightings of him in town?" Tiny asked, turning to Alex.

"None that I know of. Ned refuses to help. Frederick is not a man you f**k over without getting killed. His orders are to stay away. He wants Eva out of the line of fire. If you can't stay away from him, Ned wants Eva and the kids in Vegas with him." Alex stood beside his desk.

"I'd never put my woman in danger. He needs to stop worrying about my woman and start taking care of his boys." Tiny cursed as he thought about his woman's father. Ned Walker was a pain in the f**king ass, but Tiny loved Eva, and unfortunately for him, they came together. "What does he want you to do?" Tiny asked.

Pussy leaned forward. "We've got a drug run. He wants us to ship coke across states."

"We do that anyway. Our drug runs bring in the cash." Tiny didn't do drugs, but he did move them for a hefty price. He moved the product to make sure it stayed out of his f**king town.

"We've got to transfer it out of Mexico, across the border and get it to a contact in Vegas."

Leaning back, Tiny cursed. No one in their right mind would ever agree to something that dangerous. If they get caught it would be life in prison easily.

"He's insane."

"That's not half of it," Devil said. "He's got a shipment of girls as well coming in from Europe. He wants them working in our clubs, and we're to put them straight to work. Some of them are not the right f**king age."

"How do you know this if all you've got to deal with is the drug runs?" Tiny asked.

"We've got a woman on the inside. She's putting her life at risk to get us all the information we need." Devil rubbed his eyes. "My gut is telling me this shit is bad. The worst we've ever faced. Gonzalez will not stop with us. He's up to something, something f**king big."

"This shit is not mine, Devil."

"We've helped you deal with your own shit for f**king years," Death said, speaking up. "Do not turn your f**king back on us when we need you."

"One of our men f**ked up. I'm not going to let him carry this around."

Tiny let out a sigh. He knew all about what Curse did. Anyone of them would have killed the bastard for hurting their woman.

"I'm not backing down from this fight. I promise you, The Skulls will be with you." He shouted for Whizz to enter. The other brother walked in. The change in Whizz was scary. Instead of having a drink and losing himself in women, Whizz trained daily. The muscles were thick and corded. The other day Tiny had to order a different size jacket just for it to fit around Whizz's arms he'd gotten so large. He wasn't overweight, but he could compete with the best of the weightlifters.

"Fucking hell, you bring him around to Piston County, pu**y will be jumping all over him," Pussy said.

The Skulls knew that Whizz was not over what happened to him. The scars remained on his body, including the scars no one could see. The f**ker from Zero's past had raped the brother, and since then, Whizz hadn't touched another soul. From what Tiny heard, no woman could get close enough. The women he whose beds he shared were taken and no risk to the man. He doubted Whizz would ever be the same again.

Last Tiny heard he shared Kelsey and Killer's bed as he woke up in the middle of night with nightmares. Tiny wouldn't admit to anyone that the other man had also shared his and Eva's bed, after Kelsey gave birth. Whizz was never alone. The brothers wouldn't allow it, and the women were always taking care of him.

He moved from bed to bed. Tiny and Eva had taken him in, Murphy and Tate also. The only people Whizz hadn't been with were Angel and Lash, but they were away on a much needed vacation.

"What do you want?" Whizz asked.

"Find me everything you can on Frederick Gonzalez, including every little detail of the people around him."

Whizz nodded, turning toward the door.

"Keep Sandy and Stink with you."

The other man didn't stop. He closed the door behind him, leaving silence in his wake.

"Fucking hell, he's dead inside," Devil said.

Looking at his friend, Tiny nodded. "Yeah, he's dead and has been for a f**king long time."

"He's been through enough. Whizz will not be helping anyone out for a long time," Alex said.

Usually when a brother became useless he was voted out. Whizz's case was not the same. He wasn't on drugs or drinking too much. Whizz had been tortured in the club's name. No one was ever going to kick him to the curb.

"I don't give a f**k what people think about him. Whizz stays." Running a hand down his face, he jerked at the knock at the door. "Who is it?"

"It's Butch."

He frowned, turning toward Alex. "What the f**k is he doing here?"

"I don't know. Maybe he listened to us." Alex took a seat to the left of the office desk.

The door was opened, and there stood Butch. Tiny didn't know whether he wanted to beat the shit out of the bastard or give him a hug. Ever since Butch had left a month ago, this place hadn't been the same. Every time the door opened, he expected Butch to be standing there wearing his jacket.

The leather cut was still in Tiny's bottom drawer. He didn't want to burn the jacket. Tiny wanted his man to wear it.

"I thought you left," Pussy said, standing up to shake hands with Butch.

During one of their visits to Piston County, Butch and Pussy had hit it off.

"I've left, and I'm not coming back." Butch looked at Tiny. "I've got shit to tell you. I don't know if you're going to like it or not."

"Private or not?" Tiny asked.

"Private for now."

Turning to Devil, he opened his mouth to speak. "No need, Tiny. We'll wait outside for you."

The Chaos Bleeds men walked out of the room, closing the door behind him.

"You still got a nut on for a woman?" Alex asked.

Butch glared at the other man.

"Do you want Alex out of the way?" Tiny asked, glaring at his friend.

"No, he can stay. I don't give a shit what he says about Cheryl. She's a sweet woman, and I'm not going to let him get to me." Butch took a seat. "Frederick Gonzalez, I've heard of him."

Leaning forward, Tiny was listening.

"I don't have any family. My dad was part of an MC a long time ago. You might have heard of it, Savage Brothers?" When Tiny and Alex shook their heads, Butch shrugged. The two clubs may never have interacted as there was quite a distance between them. "I don't know everything that happened or why exactly. All of the club is dead."

Tiny frowned. There was no way an entire club could be dead.

The Darkness is dead.

But The Darkness was taken out by them. Surely, an entire club, a functioning club couldn't be taken out so easily. There were men, even part of The Skulls, who didn't reside in Fort Wills, like Mason Perry.

"My mom got caught up in the drugs. Her supplier wanted to make a deal with the MC. They didn't want to do a deal, and war broke out. At least, that's what the news reports were saying. A drug bust gone bad or something like that. It was a long time ago, and I learned not to look back." Butch rubbed his temples. "I was f**king thirteen years old when all this shit went down. I can't remember what happened or why. I only recall the bloodbath that happened. My dad's club fought tooth and nail to stay alive, but everything went to shit one morning. I think they tried to get rid of my mom, put her in rehab, I can't remember. I only remember one day waking up and being dragged downstairs by my hair, and it was my mother screaming. My dad walked in, and then they started arguing. It was the fight that ended in their deaths."

Tears were in Butch's eyes as he told his story.

Tiny's gut tightened.

"I had never seen the men before, but I figured they must have been connected to the drug dealers. I do know that my family was killed by one man, and his name I overheard and remembered. I watched them rape my sister. She was only ten, and they took turns on my mother. They made my father watch. They shot me in the gut." Butch gritted his teeth. "My family was killed by a Frederick Gonzalez. The name stuck, I don't know why."

Tiny shook his head. "It couldn't have been him, Butch. He's too young to have been around. He's only in his thirties like you."

"I was shot by Frederick's father, but his son was standing right there beside him. I remember the two of them together. They watched those f**kers who came with them kill my family and the entire MC club, and then Frederick killed the men. It was a bloodbath, and he got away." Butch rubbed at his temple. "I completely forgot about it until now."

"What made you remember?" Alex asked.

"I was talking with Cheryl. It was easier to forget about it than bring it all up. I don't know what information this is going to help you with, but it's there for you to know."

"How did you survive?" Tiny asked. "He killed everyone but you."

"I was shot in the gut, dying slowly. I don't think he expected me to survive the ambulance ride." Butch shrugged. "I'm not going to pretend to know why anyone kept me alive. I only know that I'm still living and breathing now."

"Go and tell Whizz about your story. I want to see what was in the papers. If it goes this far back I want to know about it." He watched Butch leave the room before turning to Alex. "Did you know that shit?"

Alex shook his head. "I know Frederick Gonzalez is not a man to f**k with. I wonder why no one remembers him taking out a club."

Tiny rubbed at his temples. Tiny couldn't help but feel they were all going to know the answers to that question before too long. Getting up from his chair, he went to the door and opened it. Eva was sitting with their children. She was playing and smiling. Whatever was about to happen was going to affect all of them, and Tiny couldn't stop thinking that now was the time to run.

Chapter Three

"You know how I feel about those Skulls, Cheryl. You shouldn't be hanging out with them," Anna said.

The following day, Cheryl stood with her mom in the kitchen. Matthew was watching his morning cartoons while she baked a cake for after dinner. Whenever she got a day off she liked to stay at home spending time with her son and baking up a storm. She may not get to have a lot of time with him, but those moments alone, she relished.

"Butch is a good guy. He's not going to allow anything to happen to us."

"He's a Skull."

Blowing out a breath, she glared at her mother. "He quit The Skulls to be with me, Mom. Stop making this hard." Beating the butter and sugar together, she tried to ignore her parent while she ranted and raved. During her time of getting to know Butch, Cheryl had already considered everything her mother was telling her. She would never willingly put her son at risk. Matthew would always come first. Walking to the door, she saw Matthew playing with some of his toys, looking up at the television every once in a while. He was a good boy, a patient boy. She couldn't have asked for a better behaving son.

"Matthew is another man's son."

Closing her eyes, she turned toward her. "You don't think I know that?"

"How can he want another man's son?"

"I don't know. Butch is not like most men."

"He's like every man, Cheryl. He'll stay with you as long as he can, and then that will be it." Her mother's words cut through her heart. The pain was sharp and hard. "Baby, I'm sorry."

Turning to her mother, Cheryl glared at her. "Are you done making me feel like crap?"

"Cheryl-"

Shaking her head, she took a step back. "I know I upset you turning up pregnant without a man, but you have no right to start putting every other man in the same box as him. I messed up, and I slept with a man I don't even know his last name." Cheryl didn't even think about his first name. There was a time while she was working at the florist shop where she thought she'd seen him walking through town. In the next moment he'd been gone. Biting her lip, she put the bowl down on the counter. "I messed up. Please, stop making the last time about this one. Butch is not like that. He's fun, and he makes me smile. He's good for Matthew. You've not even seen him with my son."

"You've known him a few months."

It was close to a year. Butch had been visiting the church then her house for months before he quit The Skulls.

The doorbell rang, interrupting their argument.

"I don't care. I'm happy, and you're not going to spoil this for me." Cheryl left the kitchen and answered the door. Butch stood in the doorway carrying some daisies and a brown paper bag.

"I come with flowers and food. I heard you can't kick a man to the curb if he supplies everything for food. Oh, and bringing flowers is supposed to be an acceptable apology for running out on you last night."

Laughing, she took the flowers inhaling their fragrant scent. "These are beautiful. I love them."

Stepping back, she let him inside. He dropped a kiss to her lips. "I missed you last night," he said.

"It wasn't me who kicked you out. You went outside running before I did anything." She reminded him.

"I know. I had business to take care of. Consider everything done, and now I can concentrate on you and Matthew. I've also brought you the flowers as a sorry."

Her mother cleared her voice interrupting their moment. Glaring at her, Cheryl wished she'd not let her inside.

"Hey, Miss Barnes, how are you?" Butch asked.

"I'm fine. I'm leaving now." Her mother looked at her. "We'll talk another time."

Nodding, she saw her out then turned to Butch.

"I take it she's not a fan of me?" he asked.

"No, not even close. Don't worry. Mom is not a fan of any man." They passed Matthew, who jumped up when he saw Butch.

"Neal."

"Hey, little guy. You've grown since last night. You're going to be a super hero in no time."

Matthew chuckled. Cheryl placed the daisies into a large glass then placed them on the table.

"Don't you have a vase?" Butch asked, entering the kitchen.

"Erm, I've never been given flowers, and so I've never seen the need to buy one." She shrugged. "It's no problem. These are beautiful."

"Are you spending the whole day baking?" he asked.

"No. I've got this cake to make, why?"

"We're going out. I want to take you and Matthew out. Treat you both."

"We can't fit on the bike. Matthew needs a car seat."

He touched her cheek pressing his lips to hers.

"Stop worrying. You don't need to worry. I wouldn't take a kid on my bike. I've got a car, and I'm taking you both out. We're going to get out of here and have some fun." He dropped another kiss to her temple. "Finish baking. I'll keep Matthew company."

"Do you want a soda?" she asked.

"Yeah. I'll have a soda." He kissed her head a final time before entering the living room. Closing her eyes, Cheryl tried to get her heart to normal. She'd never felt like this in her life, not even with him. Matthew's father had inspired lust but never love. Butch was breaking down her walls making her love him. He was sweet, honest, and open with her.

Get him a soda and get baking.

She took a soda into the living room in time to see him playing with Matthew. The moment he touched her, Cheryl became aware of the heat from his touch alone.

Going back to the kitchen she set to work baking the cake, partly wishing she hadn't started it.

Once the cake was in the oven she did the dishes, washing down every surface in the kitchen. By the time the cake was done, she spent twenty minutes playing with her boys then finished up the frosting.

Drying the last of the dishes, Butch entered the kitchen carrying Matthew on his hip. He looked every inch the devoted father, and it tore her up inside. This was what Matthew was missing. "Are you ready to go?"

"Yeah, I'm ready."

She threw her apron into the washing machine, following him outside. There was a small, modest car, and she spotted the car seat in the back.

"I take care of what's mine. I've had this car for years. It was my first one, and it's in the best condition," Butch said.

Placing Matthew in the car seat, she made sure the child lock was on then took a seat in the front. Within ten minutes he was asleep.

"Do you want me to wake him up?" Cheryl asked.

"Nah, he can sleep for now. Where we're going he's going to be tired by tonight anyway."

Sitting back, she tapped her fingers on her leg.

"Thank you for understanding," Butch said.

"When?"

"Last night. I don't talk to anyone about my past."

"You shouldn't be afraid to talk. I don't mind you talking. I'm more than happy to listen." She loved to hear his voice.

"That's good to know. So, are you going to tell me how to get on your mother's good side?" Butch asked.

Cheryl growled. "I've no idea. She's always so protective. I can pretend to be pissed, but to be honest, I know why she is."

"Because of Matthew's father?" Butch asked, looking in the rearview mirror.

"Yeah. I've never been the kind of person to make rash decisions. It was the first time I did, and look what happened." She ran fingers through her hair, opening the window to let the wind on her face. "Not that I can regret anything that happened."

"Tell me about him," Butch said.

She didn't see the point in keeping the details to herself. "I was at church one night helping out, and he came in. I'd never seen him before, and there was nothing significant in the way he was dressed. He looked like every other businessman, only he looked desperate. He was praying when I placed the Bibles back in his place. I don't know what was happening. He looked scared, and I started talking to him. For several days he came into church, and we talked." Cheryl looked at him. "We didn't talk about anything. He asked about me and my dreams, and he talked about his niece who was in trouble. Something bad was happening in his life, and he was scared. One thing led to another, and we were at a hotel room and I didn't leave until Monday morning. I never saw him again. A couple of months passed, and I discovered I was pregnant. I was hurting, but I knew I'd never get rid of it. My mom asked me to. I couldn't. I loved my son."

Cheryl turned to check on Matthew. "He's the best thing to happen to me."

"Did you love this man?"

Staring at Butch, she thought about his question. "I thought I did. I mean, if you sleep with someone you have to love them, right?"

"Not necessarily."

"It's what I thought. Anyway, I stopped thinking about him. Moved on with my life and I'm here now with a son. I never loved him. He was just there at a time in my life when I needed him. I'm happy. I'm not in love with a stranger I once shared a couple of nights with."

"What will you do if he ever turns up?" Butch asked.

She'd not thought of him turning up. "I don't know. I guess I'd let him know who Matthew is. There's nothing else I can do. If he wants to be part of Matthew's life then it's something I'm going to have to consider."

Butch took her hand, kissing her knuckles. "Let's forget about them and the past. It's time for us to think about our future. We'll deal with Matthew's father turning up when it happens."

He held her hand on the drive. She loved the feel of his large fingers surrounding hers. Butch always made her feel safe and happy.

Try not to fall too hard.

Cheryl didn't know if it was possible to stop feeling something for Butch. He was already in her heart, and it would only be a matter of time that she couldn't hide those feelings from him. She didn't want to scare him away with her feelings.

****

Parking outside of the mall, Butch turned off the ignition and climbed out. He eased Cheryl aside and picked Matthew up. He curled around him, snuggling in deep to sleep again. Something didn't bode well for Butch at her description of Matthew's father. Three years ago with a niece, something didn't add up for him, but he didn't know what. No one knew who Cheryl was with. It was like the guy just appeared and disappeared within a weekend. The more Butch thought about it, there was no way he could know anything about the man. Butch, himself, had only stumbled into Cheryl's life by going to the church.

Pushing the thoughts aside, he entered the mall going straight toward the shops with toys.

"Butch, I can't afford this." She placed a hand on his arm, stalling him. Smiling down at her, he dropped a kiss to her lips.

"I'm not asking you to. This is my treat, and I want you to buy something for yourself."

"No, I can't accept this. This is too much."

Taking her hand in his, he pulled her to a corner away from prying eyes. This was the first time he'd been out without his cut. Shopping at the mall was going to be a new experience for him. Most shoppers stayed clear of him because of him being part of an MC.

"We've not talked about it really, Cheryl, but as far as I'm concerned you're my woman. I'm claiming you as mine. I'm not going anywhere. This thing between us, I know you can feel it, too." He looked down at her chest. She glanced down to see her ni**les budded against her shirt. Butch liked how they looked.

Folding her arms, she glared at him. "You shouldn't be looking."

"Baby, one day I'm going to do more than look. I'm letting you get used to me." He pressed his lips to hers. She cupped his cheek, moaning at the explosion of pleasure. "We both know this is going to be something more. Stop fighting me. I'm going to treat you and Matthew." With her hand in his they walked inside the toy shop. "I've got plenty of money to spend on you."

He needed to remember she'd never been part of a club before. Neither are you. His cut was lost to him. Butch had made his choice, and he was sticking to it. No one was going to take Cheryl away from him. He wanted her more than he wanted the club. Coming to that decision hadn't been easy. In fact, it had been the hardest decision he'd ever made in his life. Butch didn't expect to be in her bed by the end of the night. She was the kind of woman a guy waited for.

After spending an hour in the toy store, Butch knew he'd made the right decision to come to the mall. Matthew was having the time of his life. Whatever he liked, Butch picked up. He wasn't letting the boy go without. Once he was loaded with four shopping bags full of toys they all moved on to a clothing store for Cheryl.

"I don't need any new clothes."

"We're going to the fair this weekend. I want you to wear something special for me." Butch took the lead picking out three summer style dresses. Sitting in the waiting room, he pulled out a toy and removed the tag for Matthew to play. The boy sat at his feet while Butch waited for Cheryl to appear. "I expect you to show me what you look like."

"This is not fair," she said.

Chuckling, he watched Matthew play feeling at peace. No wonder the guys loved having kids. Having a family was more than Butch ever imagined. He'd put all thought of having a family out of his mind. The moment the images came to his mind of his family being killed, he pushed them away. He wouldn't remember them. Years of forcing them away had brought him to this moment. He would kill for the club but no more. The club was behind him. The only thing left for him was these feelings for Cheryl.

"What do you think?" She stood in the white dress he'd picked out for her. His c**k hardened instantly at the sight. Her hair was spread around her shoulders, and the glossy brown length made him want to run his fingers through it. Down his gaze went to the straps that were thin, and the neck plunged forward to show off an expanse of breast. She had large tits, and they were showcased by the dress to perfection. The dress curved in at the waist then flared out over her h*ps ending at her knees. Her legs were pale and creamy. She was the kind of woman a man wasn't afraid to hold onto. He loved her extra flesh and curvy body.

"You look beautiful. I want you to wear this on Saturday for the fair." Standing up, he walked over to her, tugging her against him.

"Butch?" She looked around the store.

"I don't give a shit who's looking. You're mine, and I need to kiss you." He tilted her head back, slamming his lips down on hers. She didn't fight him. Her mouth opened, and he took advantage, pressing his tongue in deep. Running his hands down her back, he cupped her full ass drawing her against his cock. "Do you feel that? That's what you do to me."

"Butch," she said, moaning.

The sales woman cleared her throat.

"What the f**k are you looking at?" Butch asked, glaring at her.

"No making out in the dressing rooms."

"Leave him alone, Talia, you're not going to win," Nash said, coming into view with Sophia.

"Go and get changed," Butch said, kissing her temple. "Get all the dresses."

He took a seat beside Matthew watching the little boy play.

"You're going to ignore us now?" Nash asked, taking a seat.

"No, I'm not ignoring you. I just forget sometimes that I'm not part of the club." If he'd been wearing his cut the bitch wouldn't have said anything and left him to still be kissing his woman.

"You're the one who left the club. There's always an upside to being part of the club. The jacket keeps the bitches at bay." Nash leaned his head back against the sofa looking at Matthew.

"Is this the kid?"

"Yeah. Matthew, say hi to Edward."

Matthew did as he asked.

"Hey, kid, how are you doing?" Nash asked.

Within moments they lost his attention as Matthew started playing again.

"You're taking on another man's kid?"

Fisting his hands, Butch looked at the other man. "Yes. He lost his chance by leaving her. I'm not going to let Cheryl get away." He was in love with Cheryl. Butch knew he had to go slowly with her. She didn't trust her feelings, which were a pain in the ass. Cheryl had been hurt before and now was more cautious than ever before.

"It's good. The boys at the club miss you. With this Gonzalez man hanging around we're all on edge," Nash said.

"I'm not coming back. What happened to the Chaos Bleeds crew? I thought they were down."

"They were, but they're coming back for the fair. We're all going to be doing a lot of talking then. This is a real threat, Butch. We need you back at the club."

Butch shook his head. "It's not going to happen."

"I remember a time when you wouldn't leave. What changed?"

Cheryl came out, smiling.

"I found something I wanted more than a club and death." He handed Cheryl his card. "Go and pay for them, baby. I'll be there in a moment."

He saw her reach in her purse. Getting to his feet, he grabbed her bag and quickly patted down her body to make sure she didn't hide any cash.

"You're not paying for a thing, Cheryl. Don't even try it. This is all on me."

"Do you know how much these cost?" she asked, biting her lip.

Cupping her face, he tilted her head back to claim her lips. "I don't give a f**k how much they cost. I want to see you in them." Kissing her lips once again, he moaned. His dick was going to cause him pain later. Blue balls was not a state he enjoyed, but for Cheryl, he'd gladly deal with it. "Test me and when I get you alone I'll spank your ass for fun."

Her cheeks bloomed, and she looked down at Matthew. "I'll spank you in a good way. I promise."

She left him alone looking sexy as hell with her flushed cheeks.

Heading back to Nash, he took a seat.

"I will remain loyal to the club. No secrets will pass my lips, but my time is done. I won't become a rat or help any other club."

"The club takes care of us. We're a family. You're denying him and Cheryl that."

"Our women have lost babies because of this. I remember them miscarrying. They've been run over, shot, stabbed, and almost killed and raped. I'm not bringing Cheryl and him into that life." Butch hadn't made the decision in an instant. He'd taken his time weighing up all of his options until he couldn't think straight. Leaving The Skulls was the only way he saw a future with him and Cheryl.

"Everything we do comes with a layer of risk," Nash said.

Shaking his head, Butch glared at Nash. "If you could do it over you know you wouldn't have left Sophia alone. These are our mistakes. Lash had to be sedated because of Angel. Do you really think they'd willingly put their women in danger if they could avoid it?"

"We're a family, Butch. A club, we can't just walk away."

Reaching down, he helped Matthew pack away his few toys. "It doesn't matter what you think. I'm done, and this is my decision. No one else can change that." He picked up the boy then started heading toward the front of the shop.

"This is not going to go away just because you want it to," Nash said, shouting for him to be heard.

Turning back to one of his friends, Butch simply stared at him. "I don't expect you to."

He found Cheryl stood at the front of the shop looking nervous.

"I really don't like taking money from you. It's not right."

Butch silenced her by claiming another kiss. Matthew wriggled in his arms, but he held the boy tighter. "There, no more talk of you feeling uncomfortable taking my money. What's mine is yours and yours is mine." He pressed a kiss to her lips again then pulled away. "Now stop your whining, woman."

****

Frederick Gonzalez groaned as Ashley rode his cock. She was a right f**king whore taking his c**k deep into her body. The best decision Jerry ever made was taking this woman to use for his own pleasure. Ashley was up for anything. He'd claimed her pu**y, her mouth, her ass, and he loved the fact she swallowed his cum.

"That's it, slut. Take it f**king all." She rode him harder. The condom he wore glistened with her cum. He left her to do all the work. He loved watching her f**k him. It made him feel powerful to know she'd do anything he told her. He knew she had another reason for giving him what he wanted.

Frederick wasn't stupid. He knew the bitch was still talking to the Chaos Bleeds MC. In time he'd kill her and find another willing slut to do what he wanted, but until then he was keeping her alive. He wondered what Devil and that f**ker Pussy would think when she turned up raped and dead. It's what happened to whores like Ashley.

Arching up, he closed his eyes as his orgasm exploded out of him into the waiting condom. Ashley slowed her movements down, gasping for breath.

"Now climb off, take the condom off and lick me the f**k clean."

She did as he asked without a moment's hesitation. When she finished, he climbed off the bed and grabbed a robe. He was staying at a hotel in Vegas. Frederick had always loved Vegas even as a kid when his father brought him here. Ashley didn't say anything as he left the room, locking the door behind him. He didn't want to give her a chance to leave. She was on his watch now, and when he was done, he looked forward to ending her life, causing more pain and misery in its wake. No one touched his playthings, not even the men he trusted. He was picky about where he shoved his cock.

"So, where are we at?" Frederick asked, pouring himself a scotch.

"We don't know a lot. Tiny and Devil have met, and I gather it's over you," Ronald said.

"I bet they are. I imagine they're plotting and scheming to have me killed." He took a sip of the thousand dollar a bottle scotch. "Search them all. I want to know what they eat, shit, and f**k. I want to know everything."

"You were going to leave The Skulls alone?"

"The Skulls have a name. They've got connections and reputations. That's what I want." He moved to one of the computers his men had set up. Inside Ashley was taking a shower. Her tight body was on display for all to see. The crazy bitch didn't have a clue she was being watched. "Chaos Bleeds was just the first step. Every man has a weakness to exploit. Tiny is connected to Ned Walker, who owns the fighters here. I want it all. My father was good enough before he died to show me how to obtain all the shit I want. This is how I get it. All the men taken have a female weakness. We simply reach out and take what we want at the right time."

"You're going to go through the women?" Homer asked.

"Nah, I don't need all the women. What I need is one man who's chasing a woman. I get him, I get The Skulls. It's the simple way I got Devil and his f**kers to fall in line. Killing Jerry was just fun." Taking another long pull on his scotch he took the file from Homer and started looking through it. A name from the past stopped him. Neal Coal Richards caught his attention. Staring at the picture of the boy on the photo, Frederick knew it was doctored. He remembered Neal Coal, the boy who'd gotten shot in the gut. At the time he didn't think much of him other than how unlucky the bastard was for being part of the Savage Brothers. One of his father's enemies from the past, or at least Neal's father was. "Butch? What do we have on him?" Frederick asked. It would seem Neal's father must have had contacts that helped his son.

"Not a lot. He's just recently left The Skulls. Fucker couldn't hack the life anymore."

"Oh, he could hack the life. Butch was born and bred in the MC life." Frederick snapped the folder closed. "Get me everything on the clubs, connections, women, everything. I don't want you to leave anything out."

His men got straight to work, leaving him alone to watch Ashley bathe herself. She really was a beautiful woman. It was a shame her loyalties lay elsewhere. His father had taught him the basic rules of survival. Never trust a woman, kill the enemy, and walk away alive. He'd watched his father put a bullet in his mother's head because she'd spoken to the pool boy. Frederick had learned a lot from his father. By the time he was eighteen he was more than capable of taking over the family business.

He smiled recalling the shock on his father's face when he'd walked in telling him he wanted a job. When his father offered him any job, Frederick had raised a gun and told him straight. "I want your job." He killed his father and took the throne. Now business was thriving better than ever before. No one was going to get the better of him. His own father had raised a monster, and Frederick wasn't going to be taken down easily. This world was going to be all of his.

Chapter Four

On Friday night her mother took Matthew for the night leaving her alone with Butch. He offered to take her out to a posh restaurant where they could be waited on hand and foot. She didn't want that. After the amazing day at the mall they'd spent together Cheryl wanted to give him something back. Cooking was something she loved doing, and without worrying about Matthew, she devoted her time to making the perfect meal. Tomorrow they were heading to the fair with her son, so there would be no chance of getting to know one another. Chicken pasta bake was keeping warm in the oven as she made her way upstairs to change. After a quick shower, she dried her hair letting the length fall around her in waves. The dress she wore was the red cocktail dress Butch had bought for her. There was nowhere she'd ever go in such a luxurious dress, yet she enjoyed the feel of the fabric against her skin and wanted to show him the pleasure she got from wearing something he gave her. She put on lipstick and a bit of eye shadow before going back to the kitchen

Tying an apron around her waist, she set the table ignoring the warnings she received from her mother. Nothing good would come from falling in love with a biker or being with a biker. Nothing good had come from her being with an older businessman. Shoving the thoughts aside she focused on dinner, which she was pulling out of the oven when the doorbell rang. Running her sweaty palms down her dress, she walked toward the door.

You shouldn't have done this. This is all too much.

They'd shared kisses and a few secrets, nothing else. Opening her front door she froze in place as Butch stood in a pair of dark blue jeans and a short sleeved white tee-shirt. He looked normal almost.

"Hey."

"Hey." She saw all the ink up and down his arms displaying his past within the club. Instead of wanting to turn away from the raw masculinity staring her in the face, her pu**y got soaking wet. This person in front of her was a proper man, not a boy pretending to be a man. He was in his mid-thirties, but even men that age are prone to act like children.

"Do you want to come in?" she asked, finally finding her voice.

He stepped through the door, and she moved out of the way for him to enter. "Thanks, babe. Dinner smells amazing."

She smiled. "Thanks. I'm about to dish up. Do you want to come on through?" Crap, she was starting to sound like some waitress.

Butch caught her hand. "You're not getting away from me that easily." The door was closed, and he pressed her against it. "Where's Matthew?"

"At my mother's."

Was he going to kiss her? She didn't know what to expect, and the anticipation was killing her.

"You didn't have to get rid of him for me."

"I didn't. Matthew loves spending time with my mom. She loves having him. I thought it would be nice for us to be alone." He cupped her cheek, and all thought fled her mind at the contact. His palm was rough from years of hard work. Butch wasn't shy about work.

"We're alone?"

"Yes." The word came out as a croak. He was invading her privacy, and her body was coming alive after years of being kept asleep.

"I've been thinking about doing this all day." Butch leaned in close. His breath fanned across her face, making her moan. Tilting her head back, she ran her hands up his chest wanting more than anything to feel his lips on hers.

You've known him long enough to want this. Don't feel guilty for wanting this.

In that moment with his lips mere inches from her face, she didn't give a shit either way. His lips were on hers, and she was in heaven. Tugging at the strands of hair at the back of his neck, she moaned at the feel of his hard body pressed against hers. Closing her eyes, she melted against him. The hand on her cheek sank into her hair, tugging on the strands while his other gripped her hip tightly.

Lifting her leg over his hip, she felt the hard ridge of his c**k pressing against her core. His tongue plundered her mouth as she rode his body. All sense left her as her body took over. She knew what she wanted even though her mind was trying to fight.

Butch stopped kissing her. He was poised over her, waiting. "I'm not going to f**k you up against the wall."

His harsh words had her gasping. Humiliation swamped her as her stomach rumbled giving way to her hunger. "I'm also not going to f**k you until after we eat."

Heat bloomed in her cheeks, and she made to go, dropping her leg from his hip. He caught her arm as she made to disappear into the kitchen. His finger rested under her chin, and she had no choice but to stare into his eyes.

"What's the problem?"

"Nothing."

"You're hungry. There's no need to be embarrassed."

"I know. I'm going to go and serve up." She tugged out of his hold rushing toward the kitchen. She couldn't believe her stomach had growled during his kiss. It was humiliation. Within seconds she felt him filling the small space of her kitchen. Glancing over her shoulder she saw his eyes were on her.

"I quit The Skulls for my own reasons, but I can't change who I am."

She placed a slice of baked pasta onto a plate and served herself up a slice. "I'm not asking you to change who you are," she said. Cheryl handed him a plate then took a seat herself.

"I curse and tell things like I see them."

"I know."

He took hold of her hand, stopping her from eating. "I don't think you do understand."

"Then tell me." Whenever he touched her, she forgot about everything else. The only two people to exist in the world were him and her. But she loved her son and wouldn't dream of forgetting about him.

"I f**k. I've got a dick, and I f**k pu**y. I don't build it up into fake poetry and shit. This is what I'm like."

She stared at their joined hands. "I'm not an idiot. I don't expect you to be anything else."

"You work at a church."

Laughing, she looked into his eyes. "The church was suffering for volunteers. I took the job for a very small income, but I don't go to church, Butch. Don't get me wrong, I'm a believer but nothing else." Staring down at her plate, she licked her lips. "I've f**ked, and I've got a kid to prove it. I don't want you to pretend to be something you're not. What I ask is for you to know that I'm not used to the way you talk. I need to get used to it, but I don't want you to change." Her mother believed in respect and hated cursing.

"Tate would love you."

"Tate?"

"She's Tiny's daughter and a total bitch. However, she seems to attract nice women toward her. Angel and Sophia are nice women. Wait, no, I think you'd be better around Prue. She's the only woman I know to put Tate in her place." He was laughing, and then he stopped. "Crap, that hurt."

"What did?" she asked, concerned.

"I've been part of the club for so long I didn't even give a thought about my memories of them. It's not all bad, and I miss them." He smiled even though it didn't reach his eyes.

"You don't have to quit the club for me, Butch. We're friends."

"I want more."

She licked her lips, picking up her fork for something to do. "I know you want more."

"Do you?"

"I don't know what I want." She answered him as honestly as she could.

"If you want me to leave you alone, tell me."

Shaking her head, she returned her gaze to his. "I don't want you to leave. I love being around you. You're funny, and I want something." Pushing hair out of her eyes, she stared at him. "This is hard. I've never been with another man but Matthew's father. He was my first, and after everything that happened, I didn't think there would be another man. Who wants to look after another man's kid?"

"I do."

His words brought her gaze back to his.

"What?"

"You heard me. I don't give a f**k who gave you Matthew. He left, and he's not even in touch with you. I want to take Matthew as my own." His hands were pressed down on the table. "I'm going to lay it out for you, and then you can decide what you want."

Do I want him to do this?

Once they passed this line there was no going back. They were friends, but the moment he said what he was about to say, she knew in her heart it was going to change everything. No one could go back when their emotions were laid out clear to see.

"I want you, Cheryl. I want you in my bed, in my life. You're here." He placed a hand to her heart. Her own was pounding against her chest in panic. "I love Matthew as if he was my own. This is what I want, and I hope one day you can trust me to give you what you need."

"This is insane."

"Be honest with me. Do you want me, or was that an act out there?" he asked, pointing behind him.

"It's not an act. None of what I feel is an act."

"Then give us a try. I promise I will never let you go. I want to be with you. You're my woman, Cheryl. You know it, and so do I. This is going to happen, and we can fight it all we want, or we can just do it."

She chuckled.

"Talking about what I want has never been one of my strong suits."

"I'm not exactly a genius. I think you did really well." His words were touching. They were not romantic or filled with fake lies and poetry. They were direct, straight to the point just like the man himself. She found him refreshing. Her mother may not like him, but Cheryl adored him.

"Come on, babe. Give me a chance."

"Okay. I'd really like that. Does this mean we're going steady?" She dropped her head as heat filled her cheeks even more. "I'm sorry. I didn't date much through high school. I don't have much to compare it to."

"I think we're more than going steady. That kiss has to be second or is it third base? Shit, it has been that long since I've dated I don't even know what bases we're at."

"We could make it up as we go along?" she said, offering it up as a suggestion. He was putting her at ease with every passing moment.

"I'm good."

Her ni**les tightened as his gaze ran over her body.

Their relationship had changed, and there was no going back anymore. She didn't want to go back.

****

Butch washed the dishes, conscious of Cheryl by his side. The red dress did wonders for her full curves. Her ni**les were clear to see as they budded against the front of the dress. Most of the meal he wanted to lean forward and push her dress down so he could watch those tits move. Her full body was driving him crazy. All he wanted to do was bend her over the table and take her from behind. He was itching to get his hands on her naked.

Pull back.

He didn't want to pull back. Laying his feelings and desires on the table had been the best thing he'd done. There was no way for them to move on until she knew the truth of what he wanted.

Tiny had visited him again at work to ask him about his past. It hadn't taken Whizz long to find the truth of everything that had happened. Butch no longer cared about the past. He was old enough and wise enough to take care of his own family. He told Tiny that he was going to make Cheryl his woman.

She took the plate off him. He saw she was shaking, but he didn't mention it. Their relationship had changed, and there was no going back. Butch had thought long and hard about the future. Taking on Matthew would be an absolute dream. He adored the kid as if he was his own. No man should ever get pissed about helping bring another man's son into the world. Butch would consider it a blessing to give Matthew a wonderful start in life.

He knew she came as a package deal when he started to visit her. Once the dishes were done he followed her into the sitting room. The tension in the room mounted in more ways than he imagined.

Gripping her waist, he drew her down onto the lumpy sofa beside him. He barely lived in his apartment nowadays. Most of his time was spent with Cheryl or at work. There were times he missed the club. No, he missed the club the whole time. When he saw Nash, Killer, Zero, or Whizz, walking around town wearing their cuts, he felt like he was being torn apart. The club was in his blood and had been since birth. Loyalty meant a great deal to him, and he'd stripped the patch from himself. The appointment to have his ink removed had been postponed for another week. He didn't know if he was going to be able to go through with it. But when he thought about Cheryl, he couldn't bring himself to go to Tiny and ask to join back up. The Skulls was not the place for him to be.

"Stop worrying and just sit down beside me." He tucked her close, taking the remote from her hand. Flicking on the television he refused to do anything else until she relaxed beside him. His c**k was rock hard. Ignoring his need, he flicked through the television settling on a thriller for them to watch. She needed to know he wasn't going to hurt her.

Resting one arm behind his head he thought about the club. The life was in his blood and had been from a young age.

"You need to come back, Butch. He took everything from you in the past," Tiny said.

"He doesn't need to take anything from me. The moment I join you Cheryl and Matthew are f**king dead. I'm not doing that. I love her."

"We can't protect either of you until you come back."

"I don't need protection. I'm surviving, and that's all you need to know."

Frederick Gonzalez didn't hold a single threat to him. It was over and done with. Everything was in his past, and he had no intention of going out for blood. There was no need to rehash old mistakes. He lost his family, and the Gonzalez family moved on. If they wanted the Chaos Bleeds crew then Gonzalez could have them. There was no need to fight what was inevitable. The moment they intervened they were at risk.

Cheryl relaxed beside him. He stroked her arm then cupped her hip. Her palm landed on his thigh. He stared at her pale fingers on his denim clad thigh.

"You're going to give up the whole club for a bitch with a son from another f**king bastard."

It had taken every ounce of strength inside him not to hurt Tiny. The other man could kick his ass. Tiny may be in his fifties, but he could fight better than all of them.

"Nothing has to happen tonight, Cheryl. I'm not going to run away to a different woman. I'm here, and I don't back down on my word."

"I know. God, I'm so bad at this."

He tugged her onto his lap, running his hand up and down her thigh. The movie was forgotten as he slid a hand underneath the skirt of her dress. Her smooth thighs opened as he moved between them to press his palm against her covered pu**y. The strip of panties he touched was soaking wet.

"You want this as much as I do, don't you?" he asked.

"Yes."

Butch wouldn't f**k her tonight. They could have some fun without any of their clothing in the way without f**king.

She stroked her fingers up his arm. "I can't get you out of my head."

"Good. I don't want you to."

He slid the fabric of her panties out of the way. Sliding a finger through the lips of her sex, he teased her clit. She jerked in his arms, crying out as he pinched the bud between his fingers.

"Stop," she said.

Withdrawing his hand, he watched as she climbed off his lap. "I don't want to do this in the living room." She took his hand, leading him upstairs to her bedroom. The moment he entered the room he felt like he'd entered her world. The pastel colors were entirely feminine without a speck of dark in place. There was no clutter, and every single item had its own space. He liked the place. It was like Cheryl.

Moving to her side, he turned her around so her back was to him. He tugged the latch of her zipper down. The red lingerie he'd bought came into view. Pushing the dress off her shoulders, he turned her back to face him.

Admiring the underwear, he tugged the white shirt from his body. His ink stood out compared to her. Cheryl didn't possess a single mark on her perfect body. To some men she might be a little too big, but to Butch, she was perfect, rounded in all the right places. He loved her rounded stomach and thick thighs. Many times he'd find himself imagining her wrapped around him as he f**ked her hard, slamming his dick inside her. Butch couldn't wait to get lost between her thighs. Her pu**y would be so f**king sweet.

With his hand on her hip, he drew her close, slamming his lips down on hers. "Fuck, baby, you're going to drive me insane."

She melted against him.

He looked down to see her tugging on the belt keeping his jeans up.

In quick movements she had him naked. His thick c**k stood out, pulsing with need. Butch stripped her bra and panties from her body and pushed her to the bed. She fell down, crying out. He landed between her thighs, keeping her in place with his body. Taking her hands, he pressed them to the bed beside her head. Leaning down, he claimed a kiss, sliding his tongue deep inside her mouth.

"Butch?" she asked, gasping.

"I know, baby. Take it. I'm going to make you feel so good." He was nowhere near done making her feel so f**king good.

Kissing down her neck, he licked at the pulse pounding on the side of her neck. She cried out, arching up against him. There was nowhere else for her to go as he kept her contained to the bed with his hand holding her in place. Down he moved, taking one of her tight ni**les into his mouth. He bit down on the bud, sucking on the tip.

She screamed, thrashing beneath him. Releasing her hands, he cupped her h*ps and pressed his c**k between the lips of her sex.

"Butch, you need a condom."

He shook his head. "I'm not going inside your cunt. Trust me."

Cheryl didn't push him away, and he took his time to slide between her slick folds. Her cream combined with his pr**cum was all the lubrication they needed. Staring into her eyes, Butch knew he was in trouble. He didn't give a shit about who had her before him. As far as he was concerned, he'd be the last man to take her.

He wanted to taste her. Moving between each breast, he kissed down her stomach, taking his time and relishing the feel of her quivering against him. Resting his shoulders between her smooth thighs, she stared at her creamy cunt on display. She had a small smattering of hair. He didn't mind his woman actually looking like a woman.

"Butch, what are you doing?"

"I'm taking what's mine." He opened her pu**y staring at the entrance to her cunt and the swollen bud of her clit. His mouth watered, and she smelled so f**king good. She made him ache for more.

"I don't think-"

He silenced her by sliding his tongue over her clit. Nibbling down on her bud, he gave enough pressure to be on the verge of pain only to pull back when it was too much.

"Fuck," she said.

Hearing her curse was a huge turn on to him.

Gliding down, he pushed his tongue deep into her pu**y. With his tongue alone he felt how tight she actually was. She gripped him so tightly.

Her hands fisted the bed. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the little fists she made as drove her crazy with his tongue. Butch tongued her clit, sucking the bud, then slid down to f**k her.

Over and over he repeated the same movements drawing her pleasure out of her, making it last longer.

"Please, stop torturing me."

Chuckling, he didn't let up giving her what she needed. He tongue-fucked her pu**y and caressed her clit. She splintered apart within seconds, crying out her release. Butch caught her hands holding them in place as he continued to lick and suck her.

When he knew she couldn't handle anymore, he withdrew, licking the remaining cream from his chin.

Sitting back, he was satisfied with how relaxed she looked. Caressing her thighs, he smiled at her.

"Do you feel better?"

"I've never had anyone do that to me before."

He chuckled. "There will be no one else doing that to you either. Anything you want from now on you'll come to me."

"Okay." She didn't argue.

Wrapping his fingers around his length, he stared at her body. She was so f**king sexy. Butch didn't know what he did to deserve her. Cheryl was a dream come true for him. He never thought he could have a woman to claim as his own. For the past three years he'd watched Lash, Murphy, Nash, Tiny, Killer, and just recently Zero settle down to precious women. Cheryl was different from the club whores he f**ked. He'd never met another woman like her. She invaded his thoughts all the time.

"I think this is my turn," she said, going to her knees.

She wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him close. There was so much passion inside her that she took his breath away.

Cheryl pushed him down to the bed, kneeling between his thighs. "I do know how to do this." She gripped his length, and her mouth moved over the tip. The moment she sucked him inside he was lost. Sinking his fingers into her hair, he closed his eyes as she worshipped his cock. He didn't expect her to do this to him. Closing his eyes, he relished the feel of her mouth on him.

This was his future, and he'd die a f**king happy man with the heat of her tongue wrapped around him. Opening his eyes, he glanced down to see her head bobbing over his cock.

"Fuck, baby, you're perfect," he said, grunting the words out.

Her tongue glided over the tip swallowing down his pr**cum. He'd not f**ked another woman since he met her. There was no way he was going to last with what she was doing.

"Shit, you're going to have to stop if you don't want a mouth full of cum."

She kept on going, licking and sucking him.

He exploded, and she took every single drop he spilled into her mouth. When she finished, he pulled her up against his body.

"I'm not going anywhere."

Words of love were on the tip of his tongue, but he held them back. It was too early for him to let them out.

****

"He's not coming back. I've spoken to him, and he's done," Tiny said, talking to his men. Lash was on the phone. He heard the sounds of Angel and his son in the background as he spoke.

"I tried to talk to him, but he's determined to stay away," Lash said. "Man's a f**king idiot."

"You should be enjoying your vacation, not phoning up to find out what's going on," Nash said, speaking up.

"This woman, what do we know about her?" Killer asked.

"Not much. She's a single mother and works at the church," Zero said.

"What?" Alex asked, speaking loudly.

Tiny turned to look at his friend. The shock on Alex's face sent a warning off in his mind.

"It's where he met her. When Alan was on the f**king loose, he met her there. They've been getting to know each other for a long time." Zero shrugged. "I don't know anything else about her. I've never actually met her. Butch is smitten. He has to be to want to give up the life for her."

"I've met her. She's the florist that does amazing bouquets. Angel adores her. I have to say she's a nice woman." Lash spoke up. "At least he's given up the life for a nice woman and not a total bitch."

"Out of all of us Butch is the weak link with Gonzalez. He's the only one out of all of us who knows him," Whizz said.

"Do you think he's going to do a takeover?" Tiny asked.

"He's already claimed Chaos Bleeds's territory. Nearly all of their contractors know about Gonzalez and are going elsewhere. This f**ker killed his father to take over from him. I don't think you should underestimate him. Gonzalez goes after what he wants and doesn't give a shit what goes down," Whizz explained. "When the kid was sixteen he watched his own father put a bullet in his mother's head for looking at the f**king pool boy. This is a man used to violence. Frederick is worse than his own father. Butch is in danger. We need to get him back, as otherwise we're going to be cleaning up his mess."

Since Whizz's kidnapping and torture that was the most he'd ever spoken. Tiny thanked him, thinking about his man.

"I don't know how we're going to get him back."

"Talk to his woman. She looks like the type to listen. I've seen her with her son," Nash said. "Tell her how much they're in danger, and it will draw Butch back. He'll do anything to protect her."

Tiny agreed. "Then we better hope they're coming to the fair tomorrow. It will be much easier to lure them back with our women. It's a shame you and Angel aren't here."

"I know, Tiny. I've got to give her this after everything she's been through," Lash said. "I owe her, and so does the club."

He couldn't argue with Lash. Out of all of them Angel had been through the most. The woman was loyal and stood by her man's side. Tiny missed her sweet presence as did his wife. Angel always calmed the club down.

"Have a good time and we'll see you the moment you get back."

Hanging up, he dismissed the crew. When they were alone he looked back at Alex. "What the f**k's your problem?"

"I don't have a problem. I'll be at the fair tomorrow. Don't go without me." Alex left the room without giving Tiny chance to question him further. Something didn't bode well with him. For the first time since he'd known Alex, Tiny didn't trust him.

Chapter Five

"You're dating him?" Anna asked, raising her voice. Glancing into her mother's sitting room, Cheryl glared at her.

"Stop yelling. Matthew doesn't need to hear you shouting."

"You were supposed to be friends, and now you're dating him."

Waking up beside Butch had been amazing. They hadn't had sex, but they'd taken advantage of their time together. He made her heart sing.

She wore one of the dresses he'd bought for her. The fabric clung to her skin, and he'd been unable to take his hands off her this morning. He'd only left her alone to go home to change. Butch was picking her up from her mother's. She had a change of clothes for Matthew to get ready for the fair.

"Why can't you be happy for me? I'm happy."

"This man is a criminal. You barely know him, and look what happened with the last man you fell for."

The blow was a low one. Tensing up, Cheryl turned to her mother. "Stop it. What happened in the past is my business. Butch knows the truth. Whoever Matthew's father was, he's not coming back. I've never seen or heard from him. I'm not going to wait around for a man who couldn't handle my life. Butch, he's different. He makes me happy. I love being around him. Why can't you be happy for me?"

"Honey, I worry about you." Her mother cupped her cheeks, drawing her close.

There were no tears to fall. Cheryl stopped crying over a man she didn't know years ago.

"I'm going to get my son dressed. I would appreciate it if you gave Butch a chance."

"Is Butch his real name?" Anna asked.

Staring up at the ceiling she blew out a breath. "You're going to be difficult at every turn, aren't you?"

"I love you, honey."

"Then be happy for me. Give him a chance. This is the first time a man has left me feeling happy. Butch cares about me, and he cares about a son who's not even his. Please, for once, be happy for me." She slammed her palm against her chest, losing her temper.

"Mommy?" Matthew asked. "Are you angry?"

Closing her eyes, she counted to five and turned to her son. "No, baby. I'm not angry." Going down to his level, she picked him up. Turning back to her mother she glared at her. "Be happy for me."

Leaving her alone, she took Matthew to get changed. Her hands were shaking as she sorted him out. He no longer needed to wear a diaper as she potty trained him already. Her son was a fast learner. Slowly, she started to calm down. She knew her mother only worried. Why couldn't her mother accept the fact she was happy?

Holding him close, she inhaled his scent feeling all the love she had for him come crashing through her. She'd do anything for him. The sound of her mother's door being knocked on interrupted the moment.

She left her mother to open the door. "Are you ready to have some wicked fun?" she asked.

"Yeah," Matthew said, giggling.

Picking him up and resting him on her hip she spun around in time to see Butch. His gaze lit up the moment he saw them. He was dressed the same way he was last night only they were fresh clothes. Butch took Matthew off her hip, kissing the top of his head. He claimed her lips, and she melted at the smallest touch.

"Are we ready to go?" he asked.

"Yes."

Her mother was watching them from the doorway. "I hope you three have fun."

"You're not coming along?" Butch asked.

"Nah, I'm going to stay home. I've been to enough fairs to last me a lifetime."

"Mom!" Cheryl growled through gritted teeth. Her mother wasn't even going to give him this time.

"It's nothing personal," Anna said. "This is a time for the three of you. Take care of my daughter."

Nodding, Butch took the lead, taking them outside. The fair was a walk away. She held his hand, and for the first time she was happy.

Butch put her son down, and together they walked out to the big field.

"You're not regretting going with me, are you?" she asked.

In the past he'd gone with The Skulls. She knew he did as she listened to the gossip in the streets.

"No, this is what I've wanted for a long time."

Smiling, she saw several of The Skulls ahead of them. She recognized Nash and Tiny with them. He tightened his hold on her as another set of bikers joined the crew.

"That's the Chaos Bleeds crew," he said, whispering against her ear.

"Are they your friends?" she asked, curious to know more about him.

"They were. They're not my friends anymore. I made my choice." His hand tightened around hers. She looked around aware of all the stares coming their way. Cheryl had never been so nervous in her whole life. Part of her wished she'd stayed home with her mom. "You look amazing. Stop worrying."

She nodded, walking beside him.

"Hey, Butch, it's true then. You've given up the club?" a man with short hair wearing a Chaos Bleeds jacket spoke up.

"Hey, Pussy. I'm bare, and I'm a civilian. I'd like you to meet my woman, Cheryl."

"Pussy?" she asked, shaking the man's hand.

"Yeah, name's Shane, but I go by Pussy. Who's the kid?" He pointed down at her son.

"Matthew, this is Shane."

She watched the introductions being made. They were all walking with the biker clubs. Some of the women from town were glaring at her. Ignoring their glares she saw Eva taking care of their kids. They were in a small area being taken care of.

"He can go and play, Butch. You're not part of the club, but we're not f**king animals," Tiny said. "We'll keep an eye on him. We're friends, right?"

"Right," Butch said, squeezing her hand. She took the reassurance and smiled.

Cheryl nodded, watching her son run off to play with the others. Some of them were his age. It was the first time she'd seen him playing and having fun. She was always busy with work.

"He'll be fine. They'll take care of them."

"I know." She kept her gaze on her son as Butch talked with his friends. This was the first time she watched her son walk off with kids his own age. It was a whole new experience for her.

"I can't believe you've given up the life."

"Devil, drop it," Butch said.

Jerking her attention away from her son, she knew he needed to start talking with his friends. "I'm going to get us a drink. Do you want one?" she asked.

"Sure, baby." He kissed her lips, and she moved away. They were all watching them. She felt like some bug underneath a microscope.

Tucking some hair behind her ear, she ruffled Matthew's head as she passed.

"I've got an eye on them," Eva said.

"Okay. Do you want me to get you anything?"

Eva shook her head. "I've got everything I need."

She didn't argue and made her way over to the drink stand. Without looking where she was going, she watched the rides and people passing her. Cheryl crashed into a hard muscular chest.

"I'm so sorry," she said, looking up the line of his body.

It had been three years since she'd seen him last, but there he stood, holding her arm.

"Hey, Cheryl," he said.

Words failed her as she stared at him. He looked older than the last time she saw him, damaged even.

"Alex?" she asked. Glancing behind her shoulder she saw Butch was staring at them.

"One and the same." He wasn't wearing a business suit like he had when she saw him in the church three years ago.

"You're a Skull?" She had to be dreaming. There was no way she'd slept with a Skull and given birth to his child.

"We need to f**king talk."

He tugged on her arm pulling her away from prying eyes. She started to grow scared and fought him. "Let go of me. You lost your chance to talk to me when you left. It has been three years, Alex!""

Slapping him in the chest, the pain was unbearable. She was finally moving on, and the man who'd taken her virginity turned up years later.

"Stop making a f**king scene."

"Get your hands off my woman, Alex. What the f**k are you doing?" Butch asked, pushing Alex away.

Cheryl was too scared to say anything or do anything. The other bikers were circling them. Some of the women were looking at her curiously. She was finally moving on, and she was falling for Butch. This couldn't be happening. It was too much.

"I've got to talk to her, Butch. You can back away," Alex said.

What was happening? The world was spinning.

"I'm not coming back to the club so you can leave Cheryl the f**k alone. You got shit to say, you say it to me." Butch turned to Tiny. "This is your way of getting me back? Hurting my woman?"

"I don't know what the f**k is going on," Tiny said.

"I've got every right to talk to her," Alex said.

"No, you haven't. She's mine. Back the f**k off," Butch said, growling the words and taking a step closer.

"I'm about to talk to the mother of my f**king child, Butch. This is nothing to do with you."

The silence was deafening. Tears filled her eyes making him blurry. This couldn't be happening. The cruelty of it was unfair.

"What?" Butch asked.

"I'm Matthew's father. It's time I stepped up."

She screamed as Butch did no more than slam his fist in Alex's face. For Cheryl, the world went dark.

****

Pacing the clubhouse main room, Butch glared at Alex as he waited to hear about what was happening to his woman. His anger was absolute. He was waiting for the chance to lash out and end this f**ker.

"You slept with a woman younger than me," Tate said, scrunching up her nose.

"Don't start, Tate. She was of age. I wasn't breaking any f**king laws," Alex said, holding a cloth to his nose. Sandy was with his woman. He wouldn't allow her to attend to Alex until he knew Cheryl was okay. Matthew was playing out in the courtyard with the other kids. Sophia was keeping an eye on them as Eva tried to get Tiny to calm down.

"Did you know who I was seeing?" Butch asked.

"No, not until last night, and then when I saw you both together this morning, I knew." Alex voice came out garbled. "Fuck, you broke my nose."

"That's not the only thing I'm going to be doing to you, f**ker." Butch paced the room waiting for the all clear.

"You f**ked a woman, got her pregnant, and left her?" Tiny asked.

"I didn't know she was pregnant. I f**ked her, and the condom broke. I didn't give it much thought. The last few years have been hectic." Alex shrugged.

"You avoided going into town to meet her. All the time you're here, you avoid going elsewhere." Alex's refusal to go into town made sense to Butch. "You knew there was a f**king chance, you piece of shit." He lunged, ready to end the f**ker once again. Butch couldn't believe there was a time when he'd liked Alex. All of that liking was out of the window with this latest revelation.

Killer and Tiny held him back. "You're not going to hit a club member."

"I'm not a f**king member. I'll f**king kill him," Butch said, snarling.

"There's more to this than meets the f**king eye," Tiny said. "Back the f**k off before I do something I regret."

Glaring at Alex, Butch relaxed and stormed away to slam his fist against the nearest wall. He needed to hit something, and if he couldn't take his anger out on Alex, then he was going to enjoy hitting something else.

Sandy walked downstairs with Stink following close behind her. "She's fine. Her head hurts from hitting the floor. You were too busy beating the shit out of each other to catch her."

She walked over to Alex, tugged the cloth off his face and pressed the top of his nose. Alex screamed in pain. "Your nose is broken. Go to the hospital and have it set."

"Sandy!" Tiny said, warning.

"I don't give a shit what you say, Tiny. This f**ker is a piece of work. I'm not helping him. He'll live, but I'm not wasting my day helping to fix his nose. He deserves the pain coming his way." Sandy packed away her stuff, throwing the rubber gloves in the trash. "You know where to find me."

Stink held his hands up. "I'll try and stop her."

"Do that."

"Why are they pissed at me?" Alex asked, cursing.

"You f**ked a woman and left her with your kid." Tate got up and slapped him around the face. Alex howled in pain. "Uncle or not, you deserve that."

Tate headed upstairs without another word.

The men were all looking at each other.

"What does this mean for Butch?" Killer asked.

"What? What's going on?" Steven asked.

"Cheryl is a civilian, but she gave birth to a brother's son. Matthew is part of the club whether you like it or not. Technically, Cheryl is Alex's old lady," Killer said.

Butch shook his head. "Hell, no. That's not f**king happening. He gave up all right to her when he walked away."

"I didn't know she was f**king pregnant," Alex said, yelling. He was trying to mop up the blood from his nose.

"That's no f**king excuse," Tiny said. "You find out your condom's split, you stick with the woman until you know for f**king certain she's not."

The tension in the room was mounting. Nothing was going to be resolved, and Butch needed to see his woman.

"She will not accept him," Butch said. "He gave up all right to her when he didn't come back to check on her."

"No, I won't." He turned to see Cheryl stood in the doorway. Her hands were clasped in front of her. She looked pale and terrified.

Her gaze went from Alex to him.

Butch knew she didn't have a clue as to who Alex was. This was all new to her. "I didn't know who he was."

"I know, baby."

He stepped closer to her, but she shook her head. "No, I can't be here right now. This is not right. I need to go home and be with my son."

"You can't leave," Tiny said.

"I've got to. I want to take my son and go home." Her gaze returned to his. "I'm sorry. I was really looking forward to spending today with you."

Butch grabbed her hand before she passed him. "Don't go."

She cupped his cheek. "I'll see you later."

Gritting his teeth he watched her go.

"I'll drive her home," Steven said.

"What about me? I need a ride to the f**king hospital," Alex said, grunting.

Steven looked at Alex. "Find someone else to give you a ride."

He watched Steven leave the compound taking the woman he loved with him.

"Matthew is your kid," Butch said.

"Yeah, he's my kid. I don't even need to ask for a paternity test. I know he's mine. She was a virgin," Alex said.

Closing his eyes, Butch tried to force the anger down.

"Fuck, boss, the drama here is better than any f**king television show," Pussy said. "Where's the popcorn?"

Glancing toward Devil and Pussy, he watched the president slap Pussy's head. "Shut the f**k up."

"Are you going to lay claim to her?" Butch asked, turning to look at Alex.

Cheryl was the mother of his son. The rules Tiny started meant it was up to Alex as to whether Butch got a chance with her. He'd kill the bastard before he let Alex touch her.

You could just take her and leave town.

No, he couldn't do that. He wouldn't be leaving town with the fear of them following him. Cheryl deserved more than that. "You know they've been struggling financially. That dress she wore was one I bought for her. While you've been away f**king everything in your life, she's been working her ass off to support herself and your son!"

"Alex, you got to make a decision," Tiny said. "We don't have time for this shit. I got to get shit lined up for Gash getting out."

"Gash?" Butch asked. "He's getting out?" Gash had been one of the members to vote him in years ago.

"Yeah, new evidence has come in, and he's getting out within a matter of weeks," Tiny said. Gash had been sent to prison five years ago for life. The cops plastered rape and murder to Gash's name. Like an ass, Gash listened to their lawyer who advised to plead guilty. The club knew it was all lies. Once Gash went down, the lawyer went missing. He was rotting somewhere six feet under, and his woman was living off the life insurance the ass**le took out.

"I didn't know he was getting out."

"You would if you were still part of the club. I can't have two of my men wanting to kill each other over a piece of pu**y. Cheryl is not part of the club. Deal with this shit, and deal with it now," Tiny said.

Staring at Alex, Butch was ready to pounce. One word out of that f**ker's mouth and he was going to kill him.

"You can't be serious in giving him a choice?" Prue asked, speaking up.

He turned to the other woman, loving the glare on her face.

Zero tried to silence her, but she pushed him away.

"There's no way you're letting the man who f**ked a woman, knowing the condom broke, take a claim of a woman. It's not right. In fact, it's f**king insulting. Butch has more connection to her and that little boy. Alex forfeited his right to know them. Tiny shouldn't be giving him a chance, and the only reason he is, is because of his friendship with him."

"Prue, enough." Zero covered her mouth with his hand, which was the only way to silence her.

Tiny hung his head. "I don't know what to f**king think. This is why we don't poach other men's women."

"Well, I don't think Butch poached. Alex didn't make a claim and kept his identity secret. Bitch looked shocked to have seen him," Pussy said, speaking in between eating chips.

"This is not our club, Pussy. Shut the f**k up," Devil said. His arm was wrapped around Lexie, kissing the top of her head. "I'm sorry about this, babe. If I knew we'd be dealing with their shit."

"Don't worry about it. I feel sorry for the woman," Lexie said.

"In what way?" Tiny asked, looking curious.

Lexie gave them all an "are you dumb?" look. "Seriously? She slept with a guy and never saw him again. Then she meets a guy she likes only to bump into the other guy, who happens to be the father of her child. I feel for her. It sucks."

Butch wanted to hurt Alex. He wanted to kill the motherfucker.

"You've got to make a decision," Tiny said, speaking to Alex.

Gritting his teeth, Butch shook his head. "I don't have to listen to this shit." He walked toward the door.

"You can't back off, Butch. We can't protect you or your woman if you're not part of the club."

"Fucking better than any f**king soap," Pussy said, eating more snacks.

Turning to look at his ex-president, Butch felt a whole load of respect for the other man, but that respect was no longer present right at that moment.

"I can protect what's mine." Butch looked Alex in the eye. "I don't follow these rules anymore. Stay the f**k away from me, Cheryl, and Matthew. If you don't, I'll f**king kill you." Butch slammed the door behind him on his way out. He was done with the club or at the very least, done with Alex.

****

"Tiny, don't," Eva said, reaching out to stop him from following Butch. He couldn't let one of his men leave, not like that. Glaring at Alex, he was ready to kill the f**ker himself. Not only had his former brother-in-law f**ked a woman, but he'd left her alone in Fort Wills fending for herself and a son. No matter what Butch said, Matthew was a Skull. He was a family man through and through. Tiny felt like he'd failed another member's woman. He didn't give a f**k who Cheryl belonged to. The son was a Skull and should have the respect deserved by the family.

"My office, now!" Tiny yelled to be heard and pulled Eva in his arms. "Get Tate to look after the kids."

"Tiny?"

"No, don't f**king test me. I want you tonight. Just you and me and none of the kids demanding I stop f**king you. Your pu**y is mine tonight. I need this. Please don't argue." He slammed his lips down on hers, silencing any protest she could speak.

Her arms circled his neck, tugging on the strands at the base. Tiny loved this woman. He loved her more than life itself. The moment he'd finally claimed her, he'd woken up to the land of the living. She gave him a reason for breathing.

"Okay, I'll handle it. What do you want me to tell Lash when he calls?"

Blowing out a breath, he looked around him. "Tell him the truth but not to cut his vacation. Angel deserves time away from all of us, and I'm not going to take that away from her either."

Pulling away made him ache, but business needed to be attended to.

None of the Chaos Bleeds crew were inside his office. This was for The Skulls, no one else.

"What's the matter, boss?" Steven asked.

"This situation with Butch, it threatens us all. I don't like to be weak."

"Gonzalez wants Devil and his crew. He knows not to touch us," Stink said.

"Not yet but he's going to." Tiny took a seat, resting his head on his hand. "We've got to be stronger now than ever before."

"We've been attacked before. Why will this be any different?" Murphy asked.

"Gash is getting out in a few weeks. He's going to be looking for a fight," Nash said. "We'll be a lot weaker then, trying to keep him in line. He's going to want revenge and hurt everyone in his way."

Tiny had thought about everything. Glaring at Alex, he waited for the anger to subside, but it never did. "You f**ked a woman without waiting to see if she was pregnant? What was that shit out there?"

"You want Butch back, and now we've got the means of keeping him here." Alex shrugged.

"Do you really not care what the f**k has happened?" Whizz asked. "A bitch carried your son and struggled to make ends meet."

"I don't give a f**k. It was a screw. I don't want anything more from her."

"Then what was that shit with Butch?" Zero asked.

"Leverage. He's left The Skulls, but none of us want him to f**king leave. We all want him back. There's nothing we can do to lure him back. We need him. This is the means of getting him to stay," Alex said.

"You're talking about blackmailing him?" Zero sounded disgusted.

"I'm not going to do shit like that. If Butch wants no part in the club then he stays out of it." Tiny couldn't stop the small twinge of regret. All he needed was for Alex to offer that ultimatum and he'd have Butch back.

No, you can't f**king do it.

"You're not going to get him back, Tiny. The bastard is happy."

"Then leave him happy," Whizz said. "We've all lost shitloads through this f**king club. I say we leave him the f**k alone and deal with this shit without him."

"I'm with Whizz. Butch walked away from us. We've done everything to try and bring him back. I don't think we should keep trying," Nash said.

Zero stayed silent while Murphy shook his head. "Butch is still part of the team even if he is acting like an ass."

"We can't do it," Killer said. "He's part of the team, but if he doesn't want to come back I don't see why we're always fighting with him."

Tiny nodded. "We're not blackmailing him. I won't let that happen. Any news on Gonzalez?"

"Nothing that we didn't already know. He's investing in a lot of underground shit. Money, drugs, guns, women, it all fits with what Devil says. The Chaos Bleeds crew will not last long with the runs they're talking about. It will only be a matter of time before they're caught," Whizz said. "This man is f**king dangerous, and he doesn't give a shit who he drags down providing his name is not the on the warrant."

Tiny leaned back. He could do two things in his mind. One, he could sit back and take for granted that he wouldn't be approached, or, option two, he fought before he got taken over. Could it be so hard to believe that Gonzalez may not even want him or the club? Tiny didn't trust him, and he knew it was only going to be a matter of time before trouble came knocking at his door again.

"What about the prospects?" Tiny asked, looking toward Whizz.

"All three are clean. One of them is a mean-ass tattoo artist, another a baker, and another a f**king fighter." Whizz handed him the folders on the three new prospects he needed to interview for the club.

"Fresh blood is coming," Murphy said. "Lash will be pleased."

Chuckling, Tiny opened up the file and turned the conversation to a different tack. The last thing he needed to do was get his men worked up when nothing would happen straight away.

Chapter Six

Tears falling down her cheeks, Cheryl slammed the front door. She wiped the tears away trying to hide them from her son. Her life had been turned upside down, and she didn't know what the hell to do. Alex was back. Why was he back? No, she couldn't think about him or the fact he was part of The Skulls. How could he be part of The Skulls? Did he deceive her three years ago? Fuck, she didn't know what to do. What did it all mean? Could she still be with Butch? The thought of never being with him filled her with pain.

"Mommy?"

"It's okay, baby. We're going to stay home a little while." She smiled at her son, knowing in her heart she would do anything to make him happy. "Will you sit and play with your toys in front of the television while I cook?"

He nodded. Seating him in front of the device, she turned the cartoons on and started to work in the kitchen on making them some supper. Her hands were shaking, and it took several minutes of deep breathing before she gained control over her functions again. The fair had been a nightmare, and she didn't want to continue it again. Opening up one drawer then another, the pain started to return. He knew where she was this whole time. Alex had used her for some quick slice of pleasure, taking her virginity and putting a baby inside her. The door was banged on pulling her out of her thoughts.

Dropping what she was doing, she headed out to the front door. Her mother stood there looking sad.

"Hey, honey, what's going on? I heard something went down at the fair. People love to talk, and Mrs. Perry just had to let me know about you." Her mother's arms were around her within seconds. Cheryl held onto her. The tears didn't fall. In fact, since seeing her mother, she'd gotten angry. For the past three years she'd been dealing with Matthew on her own, thinking Alex had simply left. Not only had he not left town, he'd not even cared enough to check on her.

The bastard had used her, given her a child, then left.

"I'm fine, Mom. Alex is back. I don't know what it all means."

"He's not going to take Matthew away, is he?"

Cheryl shrugged. She would fight tooth and nail for her son. No one, not even his father, was taking him away from her. "He's part of The Skulls, Mom. He can do whatever the hell he likes."

"He's been in Fort Wills all this time?"

She nodded. It didn't take a genius to work out that he'd not even cared if she'd been around. The only feeling she had toward Alex was that of anger. She hated him for using her then walking away. Did he know the condom had broken? Did he even care? Did she mean that little to him?

"I don't understand?" Her mother frowned. "How can he have been here the whole time, but no one's seen him?"

"You didn't know what he looked like. I knew, and it's easy to stay away from town. Only groupies go to their place. I wouldn't be at the compound for anything other than getting my car fixed, and seeing as I don't own a car, there's no point in me going." She pulled out of her mother's arms. There was no comfort to be had by her parent. "I've got to make food. Today didn't go how I thought it would." She took deep breaths as the tears threatened to fall.

She left her mother standing in the hall way as she entered the kitchen, her domain. Once she started cooking everything would be all right.

"What are you going to do, honey?" her mother asked, following her.

"What I've always done. I'm going to cook a meal for us all, and then I'm going to play with Matthew. I'm not at work tomorrow, so I'll wait until Monday and go back to work. Everything will return to normal. The only person I need to consider right now is Matthew. He's all that counts."

"It's okay to cry."

Slamming the pan to the counter she glared at her mother. "Why? What good would crying do me? I've got nothing to be sorry about. I slept with a man within hours of meeting him, and he got me pregnant. Just because he didn't stay around doesn't mean I'm anything special. Crap like this happens, Mom. I'm not surprised by it. Crying will not change anything. I'm not going to suddenly have a new change of perspective with a few tears. Everything will be the same." Cheryl refused to cry anymore.

She was hurt. Her first time with a man had been nothing but a bunch of lies. The time she spent with Butch had been more magical. Alex had used whatever means possible to get her into bed. She'd been seduced and had fallen for it just as easily. Looking back, she couldn't help but think she was gullible.

"I'm going to go and sit with Matthew."

Cheryl didn't comment. The last thing she wanted was to talk to her mother.

Closing her eyes, she counted to ten before getting to work. Opening up some tomato sauce, she set to making meatballs for all of them. Halfway through the meatballs simmering the door went again.

"I'll get it."

Wiping her hands on a towel, she opened the door to find Butch on her doorstep. Staring into his eyes, she saw the pain within his depths. That pain responded inside her. She didn't deserve this man. "I'm sorry," she said.

"Don't be sorry, Cheryl. This is not your fault." He stepped through the door. She knew in her heart she should stop him, but she couldn't. For a few seconds she wanted to feel his arms wrapped around her body, holding her close, loving her. His chin rested on her head as he held her tighter than ever before. "I'm not letting you go."

His words did little to soothe the pain. She took what he offered, pleased to have him with her. Cheryl didn't expect him to come back to her after the revelations of today.

"I didn't know who he was."

"Alex is a first class ass**le. I'm not worried, and neither should you." He cupped her cheeks, forcing her to look at him. "Do not let him come between us. There is nothing to be embarrassed about."

She bit her lip trying to keep the tears inside.

"How can you even want to be with me after everything that has happened? He's your friend while I'm nothing to you." She stared at his chest, wishing there was something more to be said.

"You mean more to me than nothing, Cheryl. I'm not going anywhere, not even back to the club. You've got me for life." He wiped away the tears that had fallen, forcing her to tilt her head back to look at him.

Her mother cleared her throat from the doorway.

"Mom, this is not the time."

"I think you need someone to clear your head, honey. I love you, and I'll stick by you no matter what. This man is not the father, and now that the father is in the picture, I'm not going to let you make a decision you're going to regret."

"This is not about you." Cheryl pulled out of Butch's arms, turning her anger on her mother. "Alex was gone for the last three years. He didn't give a damn about me or about his son. When are you going to see that?" she asked.

"He's back, and you can't shove him out of your life just because you want to."

Shaking her head, she sank against Butch's arms. She knew she should tell him to leave. Her life was no longer stress-free or uncomplicated. Alex had made sure of that.

"Three years he's been gone. Three years of not knowing what went wrong. I never loved him, Mom. Please, leave," she said, no longer wanting her there. Her mother didn't understand what was going on. She'd not seen Alex or been in his company. Cheryl knew him as did Butch.

"You can't throw me out."

"This is my home. I can do whatever the hell I want, and right now, I want you to be gone." She opened the door, waiting. "What you've got to say, I don't want to hear."

The last thing she needed was for her mother to talk about how important it was for Alex to have a part in her son's life. Was it selfish of her not to let Matthew know his father?

Butch didn't interrupt. He stayed still behind her, silent. He was her silent strength.

Once the door was closed, she sagged against his body.

"Thank you," she said.

"I'm not here to cause waves. I'm here because I want to be here, baby." He kissed the top of her head.

"I want you here. I really do. I had no idea he was part of The Skulls. No idea at all."

"Baby, stop panicking. I can smell dinner. Go, fix us some food, and I'll deal with Matthew. We can talk later once he's in bed. I'm sorry about today. I was hoping for so much more."

She smiled at him. "This is not your fault." From the moment Alex entered her life he'd caused her nothing but trouble. Seeing him today had brought back the pain his departure had caused. She wasn't in love with him. In the past three years she'd gotten over any kind of feeling Alex had once caused. Seeing him again only awakened the anger she felt toward him.

"I know, baby. Go and finish dinner and I'll be done."

Cheryl watched him go into the sitting room. Within seconds Matthew was giggling. Licking her lips, she entered the kitchen to finish off dinner. She loved her mother, but the other woman had a way of doing things that were not like her. Stirring the meatball sauce, she drained the pasta then set to serving up.

At the dinner table, Butch kept Matthew in conversation while she watched them together. Her thoughts returned to the moment Alex entered her life. Seeing him at the fair had shocked her. Should she let him see their son?

You can't push him away.

He didn't want to know.

Once dinner was finished, she cleaned away the dishes then joined Matthew and Butch for a movie. The whole time she was aware of their need to talk. Rubbing a hand down her face, she stared down at Matthew's hand within her own. Whatever happened, she was going to be there for her son.

Tucking him in bed hours later, she sat in his room, stroking his hair. No one was going to take him away from her. Even as she thought about keeping Matthew, she knew Alex had time and money behind him. She had nothing other than motherly love for her son. There was no way the courts would grant her permission to keep her son.

****

Butch stayed out of the way as Cheryl put her son to bed. Matthew was a good kid. He didn't have the first clue as to what happened today. From the short time he'd known Matthew, Butch loved the kid as if he was his own. It was a strange, protective feeling that overcame him every time he was around Matthew. Cheryl inspired so many other feelings within him.

Running fingers through his hair, he finished making them both a coffee. He sat on the sofa, making changes to the furnishings while he waited. In his mind he ticked off for a new sofa along with a wooden coffee table in pristine condition. This was going to be his place as much as hers.

He tensed as he heard Cheryl making her way downstairs. She entered the sitting room with her arms wrapped around her waist. "He's asleep."

"I made you a drink."

The conversation was stilted, and it was only making him angry. She sat as far away from him as the sofa allowed. Alex was already coming between them, and it was pissing him off.

"I didn't know Alex was part of The Skulls."

"I know." He gritted his teeth at the anger building inside him. "Alex shouldn't have done what he did."

"You quit the club, right?"

"Yeah, I quit, and I'm not going back. You've got me for a long time, baby." He smiled at her. "I'm thinking to the death." He tried to make a joke of it, but he saw it had fallen on death ears.

She didn't respond. The tears started to fall down her face. "I've messed up."

Putting his cup down, he closed the distance between them, tugging her into his arms. "You've not messed up." She collapsed against him. The tears started to fall harder. His gut tightened at the emotion pouring from her.

There was nothing he could do to stop her from feeling like this.

"I shouldn't have gotten involved with you."

They were involved, and he didn't give a shit what Alex said. He wasn't losing her. This was not Cheryl's fault, and he wasn't going to hold her needs against her. She deserved a chance to let loose and have some fun.

"I'm not going anywhere." He stroked her hair while she cried. His thoughts returned to what was said in the club. There was no way he'd let Alex get to her. If Alex even tried to lay claim to her, he'd kill the bastard. Butch wouldn't be against torturing the f**ker first.

"I can't do this," she said. "He's your friend."

"Alex is Tiny's friend, not mine. I'm not letting anything come between us, Cheryl. I left the club because it's dangerous. I don't want us to be in danger anymore."

She sniffled, wiping her nose with the back of her hand. "This is messed up."

"Yeah, it's messed up. I've fallen for a woman who is the mother of a club member's kid. It's not going to be easy. Shit is going to happen in our lives."

"I want to leave Fort Wills," she said. Her cheeks were a rosy, red hue.

He shook his head. "We can't leave."

"I want nothing to do with Alex or for Matthew to get involved with the crew. I've heard all the gossip. I can't have that for my son."

"I'm not asking you to. I'm not going back to the club, but we can't leave Fort Wills. Alex and all of them will come hunting for us. We're best staying here, fighting our pitch. I'm not going anywhere, and you shouldn't be running away either." He kissed the top of her head. His c**k responded to the instant hit of lust.

Clearing his throat, he looked past her shoulder in order to gain some control over his rioting emotions. He wanted to take her away, but he knew the club wouldn't allow that to happen. Matthew was part of The Skulls, whether Cheryl liked it or not.

"We're going to have to talk to him at some time."

"Who?"

"Alex. The bastard is his father. We can't keep them apart." He spoke the words out of gritted teeth. He hated giving Alex anything, least of all the boy.

Cheryl pulled away. "No, I'm not going to do that. I can't let Matthew get his hopes up. Alex doesn't stay in the same place, does he? I can't let Matthew get too attached if he's not going to stick around. Matthew deserves a father."

"No, Alex doesn't stay in one place. I'll deal with him, and I'll make sure we've got some kind of guarantee from him or something. I'll fix this."

Her son called out putting an end to the conversation.

"I'll be back in a second." She left him.

Butch admired the sway of her h*ps as she walked out of the room. Standing up, he made his way toward the back needing the fresh air. The moment he opened the door his cell phone rang. He was surprised he got to spend time with Cheryl and Matthew before someone called him.

"What the hell is going on?" Lash asked, the instant he accepted the call.

"Who phoned you?"

"Nash. My brother is keeping me up to date on everything. Is it true? Is Alex a father and he abandoned that woman?" Lash sounded angry.

"It's all true." The Skulls were a family. They took care of each other, but they're loyalty was going to be tested when a member left a child behind. Tiny had some rules to keep everyone protected. Alex had f**ked up big time.

"Fuck, this is not going to go well. You want her for your own, don't you?"

"There's no question about it. Cheryl is my woman, and I'm not giving her up just because Alex has come out of the woodwork and demanded his rights." He stopped as he started to yell. "This is all f**ked up." Butch rubbed at his eyes feeling the beginning of the headache he was about to get.

"I'm going to come home. Shit is about to hit the fan, and I'm not in the mood to be kept in the dark."

"No, you're not coming back. Angel deserves this vacation. You've put it off for a long time. Enjoy being away from all the drama. There will be plenty of it when you get back."

Lash sighed. "Why can't you guys not find trouble for a few months?"

Butch laughed. "I'm not even part of the club, and there's drama hitting me."

"You're part of the club, Butch. You're never going to get out that easily. We've all got enemies. You know the danger." Lash was serious.

"Not me. I've kept my nose clean." Apart from the Gonzalez connection, Butch hadn't caused any more trouble.

"You're an idiot if you think that. The club is for life. You know that."

Closing his eyes, he listened to the quiet of the night. "Don't, Lash."

"We've all caused problems in our time. The Skulls is a family, and we keep each other's back. Leaving is not an option. Our enemies will hurt you, Butch. You're a weak link. This is going to have to stop. You're going to have to take the jacket and come back to the club."

Butch hadn't made the decision to leave easily. It had taken him weeks, even months before he made the final decision. Remembering the pain of his past, and thinking about Cheryl in that position had cleared everything in his mind. He couldn't pursue Cheryl with the risk posed by the club.

"I'm not going back. Any danger I can take care of."

"You're being an ass**le on purpose. This is not your call. We do things as a f**king team, a family. You're going to get yourself, your woman, and that innocent young boy killed. Do you want all of their deaths on your conscience?"

Pulling the phone away from his ear, he closed it up. He couldn't listen to Lash berate him. Any danger his woman was in, Butch would take care of.

"Butch?"

He spun around to find her leaning against the kitchen doorway.

"What's the matter, baby?"

"I heard the call. If it's dangerous then I'm going to need to know, and I'm going to need to know now," she said.

She looked petrified.

"There's no danger. You've got to trust me. Lash was just being his usual, alarming self. His woman has been in the line of fire too often. It scared him."

"You're not lying to me, are you?" she asked.

"No, I'm not lying."

You're an ass**le. You don't have the first clue what's going on. Anything could happen, and you wouldn't know it.

He wrapped his arms around her, inhaling her scent. Closing his eyes, he walked back in the house.

"Go on upstairs and get ready for bed. I'm going to lock up."

She didn't argue with him. Cheryl made her way upstairs as he closed up the house, locking the doors, checking the windows on his way upstairs. When he got to Matthew's door, he checked on the boy before going into Cheryl's room. She didn't look shocked to see him.

"We're not going to have sex. I simply want to hold you, baby. Is that okay?"

"I want to be held." She pulled the blanket off one side of her bed. Butch had never been with a woman to hold her. When he got a bitch in bed, he f**ked her brains out, taking what he wanted before moving on to the next available cunt.

Cheryl was not any ordinary woman. She was the woman who'd awakened the need to be a good man.

He kept his boxers on and slid beneath the blanket. Wrapping an arm around her waist, he tugged her in close against his body.

She caressed his arm, and he kissed her neck.

"Butch?"

"Yeah, baby."

"Is everything going to be all right?"

He looked down into her troubled face.

"Everything is going to be more than fine." Kissing her cheek, he smiled down at her. "I wouldn't let anything happen to you."

The words were the truth. Butch would do everything in his power to protect her and her son. They were his lifeline. If he had to kill Alex in the process, he would.

****

"He's a real threat, baby. I need you to take the kids and leave," Tiny said, climbing into bed. Eva lay na**d waiting for him. Her curvy body was on perfect display calling to him.

"I'm not going anywhere. You've got no chance of Tate, Sophia, Prue, or even Angel leaving. None of the women will leave their men no matter what the threat is. We're all in this together, including Butch and his woman." She ran her hands down his body, pushing him to the bed.

Her tits pressed to his chest, and his c**k hardened in response. There was a time when he thought he'd need medical assistance to get hard. The moment Eva got naked, Tiny was rock hard, begging to be inside her.

"This Gonzalez guy means business."

"More so than usual?" she asked, straddling his waist. She gripped the length of his c**k and pressed the tip to her core.

"Yes." He groaned as her tight heat slid down his shaft. "Fuck, baby."

She cried out, whimpering. He took hold of her h*ps and slammed her down hard onto his cock. Their moans echoed off the walls. Her tits bounced in front of him. He was desperate to feel her cunt tighten around him so he could lose himself in the pleasure.

Forcing the fear to the back of his mind, he f**ked his wife, watching her shatter apart in his arms. Once Eva found her release, he pushed her to the bed and plunged in deep. He didn't let up, f**king her deeper and harder than ever before.

"Please, Tiny."

"That's it, baby, take my cock."

He pressed a hand over her mouth so no one would hear her screaming. Those screams were for him when there were no children in the house. He made a note to ask Tate to take them for the night. It had been too long since he'd been alone with his wife.

Tiny thrust in deep, and his cum filled her to the core. He collapsed over her, wrapping his arms around her keeping his dick deep inside her.

"I'm not letting you go," he said.

"You're the one trying to send me away. I'm not going anywhere, and neither are the women." She kissed his cheek.

He turned so he wasn't crushing her with his weight.

"Gonzalez is a real threat, Eva. I don't know when it's going to happen or how. I only know it's a matter of time."

She stroked his cheek. "I'm with you all the way. Tell the boys and they'll back you."

Tiny shook his head. "Something isn't right about this. He's forcing Devil's hand. Why isn't he mine?"

"You're a businessman. He's waiting for leverage, and you've got to make sure he never gets it."

"How?" he asked.

Ever since he'd married her and his boys had taken on women of their own, the threats made it hard for him to concentrate. He knew it was only a matter of time before he gave the club over to someone else. Tiny was only getting older. There was no way he'd be riding into his seventies. It wasn't possible.

"Bring Butch back. One of us away from the club makes us weak. Gash is going to be out, and we're going to need to bring him up to speed," Eva said.

They were a team. She took care of the club just as much as he did.

"I can't let anything happen to you."

"And I can't let anyone hurt you, Tiny. I love you too damn much to risk losing you." She kissed his lips. "I'll work with you to bring Butch back, but you're going to have to think about what will happen if we can't get him back."

"Alex had a suggestion, but I don't want to use it. Blackmailing my men has never been an idea to me."

She shrugged, tears filling her eyes. "While we're in a desperate situation, it may have to be something you consider."

"Forcing a brother back to the life is no life at all."

"I know." She ran a finger over his lips. "But a dead brother you will not come back from. I know you, Tiny. If Butch and his new family end up dead, then we're not going to have a family to look forward to."

He knew it was the truth. Closing his eyes, Tiny hoped it didn't have to come to that.

Chapter Seven

Frederick Gonzalez smiled down at the report in his hand. Devil was doing everything he could to stop transporting girls from the coast. Piston County was no longer controlled by Chaos Bleeds. He had all the power. Glancing over at Ashley, he saw her gaze was plastered to the television. Her chin rested on her knee as she watched the screen not paying any attention to him.

She was a good, hard f**k, but it wouldn't be long before he got rid of her. Ashley served his purpose of taking what he wanted. The Skulls were having a little spat with one of the members. Butch, he recognized the man for the boy he once was. He felt sorry for the young boy in the room, dying.

The doctor who saved him was going to be in trouble. He needed to find out who tried to hide Butch's existence from his father.

Looking at Ronald, he signaled the other man to the room.

"What's up, boss?"

"I want you to find all information out on Neal Coal and add Richards into your search. I want to know who treated him and where he was moved to."

"Is there a reason for this?" Ronald asked.

"Yeah, I want Fort Wills and Tiny licking the shit from my shoe. Get me what I want, and when you're done, set the wheels in motion for Ashley to find a painful end." He was done playing games. His father had taught him to take what he wanted. Frederick never got his hands dirty, and he wasn't going to start now. He had men to kill who he wanted. Killing women always left a bad taste in his mouth. He didn't know why, but it always had.

Everything he did was about business.

"Consider it done, sir."

Nodding, Frederick walked back into the room. Ashley was in the same place he'd left her. The stupid bitch didn't have a clue what was coming to her. He gripped the back of her neck, turning her toward him.

"I need your pu**y."

He could at least enjoy her for the remaining days she was going to stay alive.

****

Cheryl groaned, wiping at her eyes as the alarm blared away beside her. She pressed a button turning the alarm off. Blinking the sleep out of her eyes, she became aware of the large masculine arm across her stomach. Glancing down at the heavily inked arm, she followed the arm to see Butch still asleep beside her.

Staying quiet, she listened for any signs of Matthew. The house was quiet. The previous day's events came to her, making her pause. Alex was out there, and he could be expecting rights to see Matthew.

Crap, her life had gone from good to bad within a matter of seconds.

"Stop thinking badly," Butch said, squeezing her waist.

She turned toward him to see his eye open. "How did you know I was thinking anything?"

"You were frowning and tensing up by the second. You're going to need to trust me about stuff like this." The way he stroked her hip was sending heat straight to her pu**y. Crossing her legs, she tried to create some friction to relieve the ache building. "I know what you're doing," he said, leaning up on his hand. He stared down the length of her body. She wore a light nightgown. It was modest yet left nothing to the imagination.

"I'm not good at playing these kinds of games," she said.

"What games, babe? I'm not playing anything other than life."

"Why do you even want me?" she asked. Insecurity crept up inside her, taking over.

"What do you mean?" He frowned, rubbing a hand down his face.

"I'm a single mother. I'm not skinny or have anything interesting going on in my life. You've just found out I slept with one of your friends, and you're still here."

He smiled. "Baby, if we didn't have a risk of getting caught I'd spank that sweet ass of yours right now."

Cheryl frowned. "No, I mean it. What do you see in me?"

Placing her hands on her stomach, she stared up at him waiting for him to answer.

"I'm only going to say this once." He placed a hand over her heart. The heat of his palm was easily felt through the thin material of her nightgown. "I like being with you, Cheryl. You're not stupid, or immature. You've lived your life and done shit to survive. I respect you for everything you've gone through. You don't judge anyone, not even me."

She looked at him, smiling.

"Shit, I'm not doing this right. Crap, I can talk about everything I like doing to you, but it will never be enough. I want you, baby. I want to f**k you and spend the rest of my life getting through our lives together. You don't see yourself as sexy, yet it's all I see." His fingers glided to her breast. The nipple hardened at the slightest touch from him. "I've never been good with words. I finished school but never went to college. I just want to be with you, Cheryl."

As far as words went they were not the most romantic, yet she liked what he said.

"You like me?"

"I think like is too mild a word to describe it. Why do you want to be around me?" Butch asked.

He fired the question at her, taking her by surprise. "I like being around you." She licked her lips, trying to clear her throat as it suddenly went dry from him touching her. "You make me want to forget how serious life is just to be around you. I like how you treat my son when you don't have to."

Could she do it? Could she be honest with him the way he'd been honest with her?

"I want a future with you."

"You can do this, baby. Open up, let yourself be honest with yourself."

"Butch, I want you. I want to be with you."

He smiled. "Do you want to f**k me, or do you want me to f**k you?" he asked.

"Both."

"Then tell me what you want. Don't leave me waiting."

"I can't." Her cheeks were red hot to the touch. Even with Alex she'd never demanded anything for her own.

"I left the club of my own free will. I'm not going to change who I am. I need my woman to tell me what she wants. If you want this sweet pu**y to be licked, I need to know."

She whimpered, crossing her legs trying to relieve the tension.

"Tell me, Cheryl. I'm not going to see you any differently. Give yourself to me, and I promise you, you'll want for nothing. I will satisfy you at every opportunity."

Give in, stop fighting.

Holding herself back made no sense to her. All she wanted to do was be with him. Butch made her feel things Alex never had. She wanted this as much as Butch did.

"I want you to f**k me, touch me, and make me forget about everything." The words slid from her mouth as if they had a mind of their own. She couldn't take them back.

"We'll work on that later." He reached up pushing the strap of her gown down her body. She didn't fight him even as the cool air crossed her na**d br**sts. Staring into his eyes, Cheryl couldn't stop the nerves running through her body at his touch. The pads of his fingers were rough. She loved the feel of them as they glided across her skin.

"Don't be afraid. I promise I will never hurt you."

"I'm not afraid." She lied easily.

"I know you're afraid, but not of me hurting you."

Biting her lip, she stared up into his eyes as he circled her nipple with his fingers.

"Tell me what you're afraid of?" he asked.

"I don't want to disappoint you." The words spilled out of her with ease.

"Baby, you'll never disappoint me. Trust me, open up and I'll give you whatever you need. I promise."

He didn't need to keep promising her anything.

Closing her eyes, she took a deep breath and started to relax. Wet warmth surrounded her breast. Opening her eyes she saw his head bowed over her body. Crying out, she couldn't stop the sudden onset of pleasure. From her nipple to her pu**y, the sensation erupted. Jerking off the bed, she cried out.

Butch pulled away. He motioned for her to be quiet. Feeling stupid, she stared into his eyes waiting. How could she be quiet when he was sucking on her clit? The idea of it seemed foreign to her.

"Your tits are sensitive," he said.

What should she say?

"Lie back."

Taking her time, she lay back against the pillows and stared at him. He placed a hand over her mouth as he went back to sucking on her ni**les. He tugged on the bud, flicking across the tip then back again. Butch bit down creating a small spark of pain that was transformed into pleasure as he sucked on the tip.

His hand stopped her from making any sounds. She liked the feel of him holding her down, in place. She was there for his will alone.

Butch moved onto the next breast, devoting his time to each nipple then pulling back again. He lavished time on each never moving from one bud to the next. She was going crazy with the sensation he was building with her. Butch took his sweet time with each nipple. Her pu**y was on fire with need. When he sat back she saw the hard ridge of his length. Cheryl craved to feel the hard length of him inside her, drawing the pleasure out until she came over his cock.

"What do you want, baby?" he asked.

She reached out, tracing the outline of his cock. "I want to see you."

Quick movements had him naked, and the length of him stood proud. He was swollen and red. The tip glinted in the light. His pr**cum already soaked the tip.

"This is what you do to me," he said, grabbing his shaft. She watched him draw back the foreskin as he worked his length.

He was so large. She'd not been with any other man other than Alex. The ink decorated Butch's skin, and she didn't know what to do or say. Butch took over. He took hold of her hand and slid it around his length.

"Hold me like this." He tightened her grip around his length to suit his need. "I want to know that you want this as much as I do."

She looked down at his large cock. Her hand wasn't small or delicate. Following his directions, she worked from the root to the tip then back down again. He growled, thrusting his h*ps as she worked his cock.

"This is so f**king perfect," he said. He shoved her nightgown off even as she touched his cock. "I want to see you naked."

He tore the gown from her body leaving her naked. "That's it, baby."

His gaze left hers and started to look down the length of her body. "Do you know how hot you're making me?"

She felt his c**k pulse in her hand.

"Yes, I know. I can feel what I'm doing to you."

"Yeah, I want inside your body, baby. I can't wait to hear you begging for my cock." He leaned down, kissing her lips. She released his shaft to sink her fingers into his hair.

"Baby, you're driving me crazy." He pulled away, placing her hand back around his cock.

His hand caressed down her body, touching her ni**les then dipped down to her stomach. Butch was driving her crazy with need. "Please, I want you. I need you."

"I'm going to give you everything you need."

"Yes, please, f**k me. I need you."

He shook his head. "I'm not f**king you yet. That will come in time."

She growled in frustration at the budding need within her.

Butch cupped her between her thighs. "Fuck, baby, you're soaking wet. You want to come on my fingers?"

She nodded, touching his cock. He groaned, thrusting into her hand.

Fingers slid through her sex, touching her clit.

He glided down to thrust two fingers inside her core. His thumb pressed to her clit, rubbing. She was so wet it was easy for him to move his fingers within her. The jewel of pr**cum glinting in the light called to her. She wanted to taste him and give him as much pleasure as he was giving her. Leaning forward, she opened her lips and sucked him inside. Butch cursed, and the digits inside her stilled.

"Holy shit." The curse echoed around the room.

Sucking on his cock, she swallowed down every drop of his pr**cum as he worked her pu**y. Sensation and pleasure mingled together making it hard for her to focus on anything else.

Butch played with her pu**y, thrusting fingers inside her then sliding his thumb over her clit.

The smallest touch set her off. She came apart as Butch exploded inside her mouth. She swallowed down his cum through the erotic haze blurring her vision.

Releasing his cock, she watched him licking his fingers of her juices.

"Cheryl, baby, you're so f**king perfect."

She smiled, and then the next sound kept her frozen. Matthew was opening his bedroom door. Diving for her robe, she hated the fact she couldn't bask in what they did. "I'll, erm, I'll go and do his breakfast."

Butch was smiling. "We're going to have to time this better."

She chuckled, leaving the room.

****

The following Monday Butch had no choice but to get back to work. He stayed in the back, happy to no longer be dealing with customers. After what happened at the fair he'd heard plenty of people whispering about what was going on. He was waiting for Alex to show his face. The moment he saw Alex, he was going to hurt the bastard. There was no way he was letting Alex near Cheryl unless he was sure that no harm would come to either his woman or Matthew. Butch knew he needed to get out of the habit of seeing Matthew as his own.

Since he made his presence and relationship known with Cheryl, she'd become tense around him. Sunday morning, touching each other had helped to fix a few problems, but it hadn't stopped the occasional tension he felt.

He and Cheryl were making progress. There was no way he'd let Alex destroy his future with Cheryl. He finished washing the dishes that came in from the front of the cafe. Cleaning away the trash he took his time around the back to clean up the mess. He put all the leftover bags into the trashcan ready to be taken away.

"I never thought I'd see this with my own eyes."

Butch didn't recognize the male voice. Turning he saw a smartly dressed man staring back at him. There were three bodyguards close to him. The suit and general privileged attitude that came from him gave him away.

"I take it you're Gonzalez?" Butch asked.

It had to be Gonzalez. There was no other reason for a man in a business suit to be looking for him.

He wiped his hands down his jeans facing the man he once recalled meeting as a boy.

"You're supposed to be dead," Gonzalez said.

"I survived. You should have gotten your dad to finish off the job all those years ago. Maybe he was too much of a pu**y to do the job right."

"My father was weak. He thought he was tough, but he couldn't kill a kid. Strange, really, he could kill women and whores but not kids." Gonzalez looked amused.

"What do you want?" Butch asked.

"Can't two old enemies chat?"

"We're not enemies. We're not even friends. I don't know shit that went down all those years ago, and I don't care to." He folded his arms, not caring how much he stank from going through the trash. Butch took a step closer to his past enemy.

"Becca Stanford helped you, didn't she? She made sure you were hidden and kept safe."

The mention of the doctor who'd helped him made Butch pause. He'd not been in touch with Becca for some time. Was she still alive?

"I like to make things happen. You're a mistake from the past. One I'm not sure how to rectify."

"You're threatening to kill me?" Butch asked, finding it all amusing.

"I'm not sure yet."

He started laughing. "No offence, I've had a lot more people threatening me who scare the shit out of me. You're a man in an expensive suit. You don't scare me."

"You don't think I'm scary?"

Butch shook his head.

"I killed Jerry."

"Still doesn't scare me. A f**king kid can kill anyone if they're handed a gun."

Gonzalez laughed. "I'm not intending to scare you. You'll know when I am."

Folding his arms, Butch took a step closer. "What do you want?"

The silence lengthened between them. Butch wasn't going to talk. He had nothing to say to this man.

"I find it interesting that you've left The Skulls. The club is sought after. You worked your ass off to get there."

"You think facts about my life are going to scare me. I know how to get facts without working your ass off for them. My life is there on the 'net for everyone to know." Butch stared at him, waiting. The Skulls were easy to find as they were a club. It didn't take a lot of hard work to find them. They'd made the local news a couple of times.

"What about your recent woman?" Gonzalez asked.

Butch grabbed the man's jacket and threw him up against the wall. "What is your f**king game?" He snarled the words in his face.

"I've got no game at the moment."

The bodyguards drew their weapons and aimed them at his head. Butch would give anything to end this f**ker, but he didn't have any gun or weapon on him to take the bastard out. Gonzalez was a sick little shit as he was smiling.

"I suggest you make a choice, Butch. Kill me, or live to see your woman and her bastard son."

"Do you think I give a f**k what you've got to say? You're a criminal who gets off on control. I don't give a shit what you've got to say to me. You will stay the f**k away from my woman and her kid, do you hear me?"

"Leave him alone," one of the guards said, moving closer.

Gonzalez grabbed his hands trying to let him go. Butch was stronger. He kept the man in place, ready to hurt the bastard at the first opportunity. Trying to ignore the gun pointed at his head, he focused on Gonzalez. He wasn't going to kill him.

"You want to f**k with me and the club, then you've got another think coming. Stay the f**k away from The Skulls and get out of Fort Wills. You take us on, and I swear to you, you'll be a dead man." He threw Gonzalez to the ground.

"You've just made a big mistake." The man with the gun spoke up, glaring at him. Butch was surprised he hadn't been shot by now.

Landing his foot on Gonzalez's thigh, Butch put all his strength behind him. He was once the muscle to The Skulls. Any threat, he and Lash took care of it. It was time for some people to realize who they were messing with.

"Get the f**k out of this town or the next time you and your men will all be dead."

Turning his back, Butch entered the cafe. He told the manager he was leaving for the day and he'd make up his time on another day. Butch climbed on his bike and was gunning for the compound. His heart was racing, but he didn't have the time to think about what was going on. Why didn't the bodyguards shoot him? Gonzalez must have told them not to. It was the only explanation for what he did and got away with it.

Putting the bike into park, he climbed off and entered the club. Tiny and Eva were talking while looking over a list in front of them. Sandy and Stink were cleaning. The Chaos Bleeds crew was dotted around the main room. He saw the mixture of two clubs, knowing in his heart that Gonzalez was going to hurt them all. There was no getting out for any of them.

"I need to speak to Whizz," Butch said.

"What the f**k is going on?" Tiny asked.

"I just had a special visit from our resident enemy."

"He's in Fort Wills?" Devil asked.

"Yeah, he's here. Why are you not back home?" Butch asked.

"Club rules," Alex said, coming out of another office.

Butch couldn't contain his anger. Grabbing the nearest chair, he launched it at the older man. Alex ducked, missing the flying chair.

"What the f**k?" Alex asked, glaring.

"You and me, we're not good. We're never going to be good." He turned back to Tiny. "I upset Gonzalez. I don't expect he'll have much patience with the rest of you. I'm sorry. I really don't know what's going on here."

"Tiny, this is club business. This f**ker doesn't deserve to be part of it." Alex spoke up.

Fisting his hands, it took every ounce of control from Butch not to hurt the other man.

"I need Whizz to find an old contact from my past. The bastard mentioned her. I need to know she's okay." Butch wasn't going to beg. "I can pay him to find her, if you don't want me to ask Whizz for a favor."

"He's not club," Alex said again.

"Alex, shut up." This came from Eva.

At least some people had his back. He nodded at Eva before turning back to Tiny.

"Fine, talk to Whizz, but you will owe us for this. This is our last favor for you. You're not part of the club, and I can't go wasting resources for a non-club member," Tiny said. "Devil and his crew need our help a lot more than you do."

Nodding, he made to pass the other man. Butch didn't mind owing a favor to the club.

"Get your inked blacked out soon, or the boys will take care of it. You're not part of the club, you don't get the ink of respect either." Tiny grabbed Eva's wrist and pulled her away from the club.

Whizz rounded the corner, looking confused. "Follow me."

Butch left the rest of the room. He was hurting. Getting the ink removed was going to be the last part of his connection to these guys. The Skulls had been in his blood for such a long time. They were his family, or the closest he had to a family.

The room he entered was dark with six computers, three laptops, and multiple tablet devices around the room.

"Fuck me, Whizz, you're a geek," Butch took a seat as Whizz started clicking away at all the keyboards.

"Someone needs to keep an eye on our assets. Tiny makes sure I work the markets as well. It gives me shit to do." Whizz didn't take his eyes off the screen as he typed.

"How have you been?" Butch asked. A year ago Whizz had been taken by a maniac who'd tortured and raped him. Whizz had never been the same again since it happened. There was a time when Whizz was the carefree, gentle one of the group. Faced with an enemy he was vicious, but to everyone close, he was gentle.

"You don't get the right to ask me that," Whizz said.

"Hey, man, we're still friends." He made to touch Whizz, but the other man jerked away.

"No, we're not friends. Friends stay part of the club. They don't abandon their family for a woman." Whizz finally turned to look at him.

"I love Cheryl."

Whizz laughed. "You don't think Lash thinks the same or Zero? What about Nash with his woman or Tiny? They've all lost something at some time. You think you'll be any different?"

"She's got a kid." His argument was lame.

"And so have the others. Fuck, her kid is a Skull. For all of your arguing, you don't know shit."

Butch didn't want to argue. "I'm sorry I brought it up."

"Don't be. You've made your case perfectly plain. You're a cowardly f**k, and this club doesn't have space for you. We've got shit moving, and we need men, not people like you."

The blow was meant to hurt, and it did the job. Within moments, Butch felt like the worst kind of friend in the world, which he was. He couldn't escape what he'd done. Join back up, stop being an ass and do it. Instead of listening to his thoughts, he gritted his teeth and kept his mouth shut. There wasn't a place for him in the club, not with his behavior at the moment. Part of him wanted to get stuck in and come back to the club. He knew deep in his heart he could do so much more with his life with The Skulls. Then another part was afraid. No woman made him feel like Cheryl. The last thing he wanted to do was ruin any chance of being with her. He loved her, and he didn't need the sex to prove his feelings.

They were good together. Choosing between the two was the hardest decision he'd ever had to make.

She didn't force you to make a choice.

No, none of the choices he made were because of Cheryl. She didn't force him to do anything other than be himself.

Chapter Eight

Frederick took a bite out of the strawberry, loving the lush taste of the fruit. His man Ronald was waiting for further instructions. Butch had hurt him but not injured him. He was pissed off, horny, and in need of getting back. Before approaching Butch he'd ordered his men not to shoot no matter what happened. They'd drawn their weapons, threatening, but didn't kill Butch.

"We've got friends all over the world who'll help us out."

"Yeah, boss. Do you want us to put a call through and get Gash put back inside? He's due out in a number of days."

He shook his head. "Nah, Gash has been in prison so long he doesn't care if he comes out or not. If he's out, he'll go after the bitch who put him inside." Picking up another berry, Frederick stared over at Ashley. She was tied to a chair waiting punishment. There was blood pooling from her wrists. Turning his head to the side, he nodded toward Homer to tighten the restraints.

She cried out. Tears filled her eyes, but not once did she shout for mercy. It was going to be hard for her to do that with her mouth shut. Watching the woman get tortured was turning him on. His men were happy to hurt women, providing he paid them enough.

"What are you thinking, boss?" Ronald asked, pulling him away from the satisfaction of Ashley's pain.

"I think it's time to make life hard for The Skulls. They've been living the good life. The cops stay off their backs, and they're free to do whatever the f**k they like."

Ronald smiled. "You want me to call in a few favors?"

"Yeah, let's see how their loyalty fares when they've got so much more to lose." Sipping down his brandy, Frederick found great pleasure as Homer pulled Ashley's hair, tearing it out of her scalp. "Then we're going to start hurting Devil and his crew. It's time they learned not to f**k with the boss."

****

Cheryl finished the display of roses as Eva walked in. She knew who the other woman was the moment she entered the shop. It was hard to miss the voluptuous beauty. Eva always had a smile on her face, or at least when Cheryl saw her, she did.

"Hey, honey, I thought I'd stop by and introduce myself," Eva said.

The shop was completely bare of other customers. Matthew was spending the day with her mother while she worked. "Erm, hi."

Eva chuckled. "There's no need to be scared. We know all about what Butch is doing, and I'm here to show my support."

"Butch left the club," Cheryl said.

"Yeah, well, we all make mistakes. I've got Tate, Sophia, Prue, and Sandy waiting for us at the spa. I was thinking we could go and have some fun. You know, girl talk and shit."

Licking her lips, Cheryl didn't know what to say. She'd never been the kind of person to make friends easily. Her mother once told her she didn't need others to fit in.

Pushing the thoughts away, she tucked some hair behind her ear.

"I can't. I've got to work." She gestured around at the empty shop.

"I can get that covered. I know the owner, and I've already had a word. We can be gone in ten minutes." Eva pulled out the keys to the shop. "I wouldn't pull you away. You're also getting paid for being away. Come on, I think it'll be fun. Just us girls, no men, pampering each other with nothing to worry about."

Eva waved the keys in front of her like a lifeline. A day of simply being a woman was too hard to resist.

"Can I go and talk to Butch? I mean, yeah, I'd love to go with you, but I'd like to see Butch first."

"We're not going to kill you or hurt you, but yeah. Go and talk to him, and I'll be the one to lock everything up."

Wiping her hands down her thighs, she passed Eva, thankful the other woman didn't mutter or laugh.

Entering the cafe she nodded toward the owner then made her way in the back. Cheryl found Butch standing at a sink, washing plates and cups. Seeing how large he was with all of his ink on display she knew this was not the right place for him. He stood out like a sore thumb. There was no happiness in the work he was doing. She didn't want him doing stuff he hated. The club made him a lot happier even if there were a lot more dangers around.

"Hey," she said, letting him know he wasn't alone.

He turned to face her.

"Baby, I wasn't expecting to see you 'til lunch."

Wringing her hands together, she stepped up close. "Eva stopped by."

Butch tensed at the mention of the other woman's name. "Do I want to know why she stopped by?" he asked.

"She and all the girls are planning a pampering spa day. If you don't want me to go let me know and I'll go and cancel."

"You're excited about going?" He folded his arms, staring at her.

Cheryl smiled and nodded. "Yeah, I've never been to a spa before or been pampered. It sounds like a lot of fun."

"Men come in and give you a massage." He reached out, wrapping an arm around her waist, and tugged her close. She gasped, falling against him.

"Really? I'll get my body rubbed and caressed by an experienced guy?" she asked, teasing.

"Don't test me, baby. I've got no problems with you going, but I do have an issue with you getting mauled by any guy with a dick. You need to know who you belong to."

His concern thrilled her.

"If I promise not to get a massage by a strange man will you make it up to me?"

"Baby, I'll give you a massage of the erotic kind that will have you begging for more and I'll give them to you on a regular basis. I won't even ask for money for the service. I'll do it for free." His hand glided down her back to grab her ass. Butch drew her up close against him.

She felt the hard ridge of his c**k against her stomach. He was long, thick, and he turned her on.

"Butch," she said, moaning.

"Fuck, Cheryl. I can't think when you make those sweet sounds."

Closing her eyes, she rested her head against his chest, loving the feel of his arms being wrapped around her.

"I don't want to move," she said.

"Do we have a deal?"

"Yeah, we've got a deal."

"Get your mom to take Matthew for the night." Butch pulled out his cell phone, handing it to her. "I want you to myself so I can make you scream and beg for my cock."

She glanced around the back room expecting to see people watching her.

"No one would dare look your way. I wouldn't embarrass you."

Typing in the number, she made the necessary arrangements for her son to stay over with his grandma. When she was done, she handed the phone back to him. "She'll look after him."

"She's still not my biggest fan?"

Cheryl shrugged. "My mom doesn't like me very much at the moment. She thinks I should be with Alex seeing as he's the father. I don't want to be involved with him. He gave up that right three years ago."

He stroked her cheek. "Go and pamper yourself. Stay at the spa and I'll wait for you when I'm done."

"If you don't want me to go, I won't."

"I want you to go and have some fun." He leaned down, brushing his lips against hers. Her body heated up at the feel of him.

"I'll see you soon." Turning away from him, Cheryl made her way toward the front of the cafe. Eva stood waiting for her.

"Is he okay with everything?" Eva asked.

"Yeah, I've been ordered to have fun."

"Great. I've just got a call that Kelsey is joining us as well." Eva reached out, taking her hand. "I want you to relax. None of us are going to be bitchy. Well, Tate will be a bitch, but it's in her nature. Prue will put her in her place. She's my stepdaughter, so I can't really do anything nasty to her."

"No problem." They walked across the street and along the path toward the corner spa. She'd passed it many times while running errands, but she'd never gotten a chance to be inside one.

"So, you and Butch are a couple?" Eva asked.

"I think we're a couple. I want us to be a couple, but it's complicated with Alex's involvement."

"All of us were shocked to hear about Alex and you. How's Matthew doing?"

Pulling her hand away from the other woman, Cheryl smiled. "He's doing okay. Does Alex want to be involved? I've not really spoken to him. I don't know if I want to."

"He's an ass**le with the way he's dealt with this crap. He'll pull through. Alex is many things but not a loser."

"It was a mistake on my part at least. I couldn't deal with him. I mean, we were together, and then he was gone."

"Like I said, this is the first time I know he's been a complete ass**le, but I can't stay mad at him. He's part of the club, and I know he'll make up for what he's done. You should give him a chance, not as a boyfriend or anything, but as a father to Matthew. He's great with kids." Eva opened the door to the spa, giving her some space to enter.

The main reception was quiet. A slender redhead was working the front desk. She left Eva to book them in. Cheryl stayed silent feeling out of place and lost. Her life hadn't been adventurous in the last three years. In fact, she'd not even had the time to take a long relaxing soak in the bath.

"Come on, let's go and have some fun. We've all got a room, so be prepared for a lot of exposure. I wish you could meet Angel. She's the sweetest one in the group, never says a bad word to anyone, but she's away for a long time. She deserves it, too. We all adore her."

Eva led the way toward the back. They passed several women in different states of undress along with men. "This is a spa and a gym. You can have your pick of it all."

"It's a large place."

"Don't worry. The girls wanted to meet you."

The other woman opened the door at a long corridor.

"Step the f**k back, Tate. I mean it. You start bitching and I'm going to shut you up." One of the women in the room was yelling at another one. They stood in the center, one red head and another dyed black.

"Zero's not here to help you out, bitch."

"I've never needed a man to fight my battles. I can take your ass down, and I don't need a f**king excuse to do it."

Cheryl tensed at the fight about to happen.

"Tate, back down."

"Kelsey, stay out of it."

"Ladies, we've got company," Eva said, raising her voice to be heard over the noise.

All the women turned to look at her.

"Okay, the two arguing are Prue and Tate. Prue is married to Zero. Tate is with Murphy. Then we've got Rose. She's with Hardy. There is Sophia, and her man is Nash."

She met all of the women and knew the men's names as well. They all smiled toward her.

"This is the bitch who took Butch away?" Tate asked, growling.

"Back the f**k off. Butch made his own choice," Prue said. "It's not her fault he's being a dick."

The two women glared at each other before turning their gazes to her. Cheryl didn't have a clue what to do or to say.

"She's not responsible for Butch making his choice. I think it will be good for all of us to be nice," Eva said.

"It's great to meet you. I can already sense that you're going to be best friends with Angel when she gets back," Kelsey said.

Smiling, Cheryl followed Eva's lead. Today suddenly didn't seem half as much fun as she anticipated.

****

Butch sat in the waiting room of the spa. He'd been finished work for over an hour, and Cheryl still wasn't finished. Killer, Nash, Murphy, Zero, Hardy, and Stink had arrived. They were waiting as well. All of them had tried to pull him into a conversation, but he didn't want to talk. After Whizz's insightful chat, the last thing he wanted to do was start talking about the club. Whizz had a point in his argument, and Butch saw no reason to fight it.

He'd abandoned the club. Butch was sure a lot of the guys thought that way, and he didn't need to hear any more about it.

"Devil and the crew have gone back home. They've got a shipment of girls to transport back to Piston County," Nash said.

"I don't want to hear it," Butch said, picking up a women's magazine. There were multiple pictures of celebrities in different states of undress. He didn't have the first clue as to why women were always happy to compare their body shapes.

No one saw men pulling out their cocks and measuring them against another man's size. If a guy ever did that to him, he'd cut the guy's junk clean off.

"You're really going to cut us out like this?" Murphy asked. "After everything we've been through, you're just going to stop caring."

"I'm never going to stop caring. I love you guys like f**king brothers. I just can't do it. I can't take my woman and allow danger to come her way. I can't do it. I won't."

"Do you think we're happy putting our women in danger? It kills us knowing they're going to be hurting. We don't get off on it. This is what we all agreed to when we entered the club. You're changing the rules," Killer said.

"I'm not changing anything. I backed out."

"Then get your ink removed, or we'll remove it for you. I'm done asking you back," Hardy said. "A brother who can walk away because he's scared is no f**king brother of mine. I've got a woman and a club to protect."

The far door opened. As Butch turned in the direction of the laughing females, his heart tightened. Cheryl was laughing along with all of them. Her arms were linked through Eva's and Rose's. The three women were giggling about something.

"Baby," Rose said, running toward Hardy.

He watched the couple embrace. Rose wrapped her legs around her man as she kissed him. All of the women moved toward their men with love in their eyes. Cheryl walked up to him, smiling.

"I don't know if I'm allowed to kiss you in front of them," she said.

Her sweetness hit him in the gut. Wrapping his arms around her, he pulled her in close. "You can do whatever the hell you want with me. I'm yours just like you're mine."

She circled her arms around his neck. "I had fun today."

"I can tell."

He'd never seen her smile be so bright.

"You've got really nice friends. I think they're awesome."

Butch chuckled. The rest of the world fell away as he held her in his arms. "I missed you today." Running his hands down her back, he cupped her ass. The full flesh filled his arms. He loved her softness and the way she melted against him. Inhaling her scent, Butch calmed down. He'd been growing angrier the more he talked to his friends. With Cheryl in his arms, leaving The Skulls was worth it.

Was it, really?

Doubts assailed him at his decision to leave the club. Shit was happening, shit he didn't know about. Devil and Tiny were about to fight another force against both clubs, and he was scared about Cheryl.

"I missed you, too." She looked up at him. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. Let's get out of here. I want to enjoy our evening together. I don't want to waste a moment of it." He took her hand leading her out.

"Cheryl, call me if you ever need to," Eva said.

"Me, too, Cheryl. It's lovely to meet you. I look forward to hearing more about Matthew."

Each of the women called after her, smiling and laughing.

Gritting his teeth, he kept walking outside not caring what they thought of him taking her away from it all.

"Butch, are you angry with me?" she asked.

By his bike, he handed her a helmet. "They're trying to lure me back to the club," he said. "They're using you to do it."

"No, we're not," Eva said, exiting the spa. Tiny pulled up in a car. He saw their two children strapped into the back.

"Hey, baby, did you have fun?" Tiny asked, climbing out.

"I had a lot of fun until this f**king jerk just pissed me off." Eva crossed her arms, looking ready to do murder.

The whole of the club was glaring at him. The women were looking at him with murderous rage.

"What the f**k is going on now?" Tiny asked.

"I invited Cheryl for a girls' day at the spa. She loved it, and now he's acting like we were trying to lure him back to the club through his woman." Eva shot a glare at him.

Tiny wrapped his arms around Eva. "It's okay."

"No, it's not okay. Look at her. She's so sad by what he said." She pushed Tiny away from him. "You know what, Butch? You're an ass**le. Cheryl, honey, I came to see you because I wanted to get to know you. We're not a bad lot of people, no matter what people think." She glared at Butch. "Today had nothing to do with you. You're the one who left the club. She's got a son with another member, so stay the f**k away from it all. In fact, she's got more right than you, so stay the hell away."

He watched Eva storm to the car. Her face turned into a smile when she saw her children. Butch felt like an ass, the shame clawing at him as the other members left. The humiliation was deep.

"Are you going to take me home?" Cheryl asked.

Crap, what the f**k was he doing? She didn't deserve his anger or anything else he had to say to her.

"I'm sorry," he said.

"Why did you leave the club?" she asked.

Looking down at the ground he shook his head. "This conversation needs to take place in private."

He straddled the bike then waited for her to climb on behind him.

You're a f**king bastard for what you just did.

Feeling selfish and stupid, he turned the ignition on. Once her arms were tight around his waist, he made his way toward her home. The sun was setting. She headed inside her home as he put the bike away. There was a time when he'd spend hours cleaning his machine after riding on it. Since meeting Cheryl, he didn't find the time to simply clean a machine that got him from one place to another. He preferred to spend time with her.

Locking the door behind him, he heard her in the kitchen. She was banging pans and cups as she worked around the small room. He really needed to find them a bigger place to live.

"What was that outside the spa? If you had a problem with me getting to know them you should have told me," she said, turning on him with hands on her hips. She looked so f**king sexy when she was angry.

"I don't have a problem with you hanging out with them. I overreacted, and I shouldn't. I'm an ass**le."

"Yeah, you're an ass**le. We're all getting the fact you're an ass**le." She started to laugh. "What do you want from me?"

"Nothing. I just want you, Cheryl." He reached out, taking her hands.

"You're confusing me."

"I left the club because I didn't want you hurt," he said. It was time for her to know the truth. "Angel, the woman everyone keeps mentioning, she's on vacation in Italy. A much needed vacation. She's been through so much in the last couple of years." He stopped, gritting his teeth. The truth needed to come out. "Angel has lost a baby, and it almost drove her mad. She's been hurt, beaten up, and shot because we've all got enemies. This is what she's been through. Tate, Kelsey, all of them have been through their fair share of f**king pain. I did not want to bring that to you."

Her eyes were wide. "What?"

"The Skulls is dangerous. We're a club that takes care of the town, but it all comes with risks. We've had members die because of it. Women get hurt. I don't want you to get hurt or Matthew."

"You quit the club before we were even a couple," she said.

"I knew what I wanted. The only way I could take a chance with you and Matthew was to be free of the danger." He cupped her face.

"You shouldn't have left the club."

"I'm not going back."

She pulled away from him, folding her arms, shutting him out.

"They're your family, Butch."

"Not anymore. We've got our own family here. We can make this work for us."

Cheryl chuckled. "We can make this work with you washing dishes and me working at a florist? The Skulls always being there with no chance of ever leaving the town."

"It wouldn't be like that." The doubts reared their ugly heads.

"How can you know that? You're a Skull, Butch. A lot of people know who you are. How do you know you're not a liability to Matthew and me?" She looked past his shoulder. "You can't do this. You can't quit the club because of me. This is not who you are."

"We can do this."

"No, we can't! You're not supposed to spend your f**king life in front of a kitchen sink, Butch. You look out of place in the cafe. In fact, you looked miserable. Staying inside a building, confined there for hours at a time is not suitable for you."

Butch tightened his fists. Staying in the cafe for hours at a time was driving him crazy. He'd been ready to hurt anyone who told him he couldn't wash dishes when Cheryl turned up today. The moment he saw her it felt worth it.

"I can do this."

"Stop it. The club has been your life for a long time. You told me that you grew up in a club."

Her mention of his past reminded him of the conversation he'd had with Becca, the doctor who saved him. He'd warned her that Frederick was out looking for her. The doctor knew what to do to go to ground. She was leaving her life behind and heading for the hills away from any apparent danger. He had to believe she'd be okay. There was nothing else he could do to protect the older woman. She'd told him to watch his back.

Butch took a step back. Her words were finally getting to him, holding him in place. Staring at Cheryl, he smiled. "You're telling me to go back to the club?"

"I'm telling you to think long and hard about what you want. You've always been in the club, and I don't want you to hate me when you can no longer find a reason to not be with them."

"I wouldn't do that."

"How do I know that? In fact, how do you know that?" she asked, firing the questions at him.

Butch hadn't seen past the immediate future. What would he do in years to come when there was no threat? Would he blame her? Start to hate her?

The thought of hating Cheryl didn't sit right with him. There was no way it could happen, but again, he couldn't know for certain how he'd feel.

Chapter Nine

Cheryl hated arguing. Throughout the whole of her life she'd tried to avoid conflict. She despised yelling at her mother or starting anything that couldn't be solved by conversation. Staring at Butch she waited for him to say something, anything. She'd thought about his reaction long and hard. There was no way for him not to blame her in the future. No matter how much he tried to deny it, she knew it wasn't possible. The afternoon spent with all of The Skulls' women had been a blast. She wasn't too fond of Tate, yet the other women were amazing. Eva was such a darling with how she cared about everyone. Sophia, Kelsey, and Prue made up the numbers, and Rose was an old timer. She'd been married over ten years and had seen a lot of change within the club. None of the women tried to find out information about her and Butch. They were all happy to talk their girl talk. The only time they'd asked about Butch was when they were talking about sex.

They'd all been surprised to find that she'd not slept with Butch.

"Look, baby, can we talk about something else?" he asked.

"You're going to avoid it. You quit the club because of me. When are you going to realize I don't care about the club?" She stormed past him, pushing him out of the way.

"Don't," he said, grabbing her arm.

She stared at where he held her then up into his eyes. "You've got to stop using me as an excuse."

"When I first met you, you were holding a stack load of Bibles. There was no way you were going to let me in your life."

Cheryl glared at him. "In case you haven't caught on, I needed the f**king money. The priest paid me to do that. I slept with a man I knew a matter of hours. I'm not some sweet innocent girl you need to protect. I never have been. Stop thinking that I am." She threw her arms wide, hoping he'd get the message.

"You're not some slut either."

"I never said that." She started to yell. "If I just bash you over the head will you start thinking?"

He smirked, enraging her more.

"You can't do it, can you? You can't take anything seriously. God, you're going to drive me crazy." She walked out of the kitchen, charging upstairs. The only way to calm down was to put some distance between them. There was no way she'd ever be able to look at him without getting angry otherwise.

"Cheryl, you can't run away from this."

"This is my house. You can leave whenever you like."

What are you doing? This was supposed to be fun.

Slamming the door shut to the bathroom, she stared at her reflection in the mirror. Her cheeks were flushed from their argument.

Butch banged on the door. "Open up, Cheryl. This is stupid."

Ignoring him, she unpinned her hair allowing the length to fall in waves around her. She felt horny. Turning this way and that, she glanced at her body from all sides. Licking her lips, she listened to Butch talk. Each sound sent a spark shooting through her body. She was more than ready for what he had to offer.

What are you doing?

As she cupped her cheeks, the heat radiated through to her palms.

A jolt of lust worked its way through her body. Wriggling out of her jeans, she removed her shirt revealing the plain cotton underwear. Butch had seen her naked, but she wanted to shock him.

They were alone with her son being taken care of. She didn't want to waste the opportunity by arguing with him. The last thing she wanted to do was send him away without going to the next level.

"Stop doing this, Cheryl. Open up the f**king door."

The door rattled from where he was tugging at the handle. Licking her lips, she took one quick glance at her reflection then turned toward him.

You can do this. It's simple, and it's what you want.

Clicking the lock, she opened the door. Butch had his back to her. Leaning against the doorframe she didn't say a word, waiting for him to turn around.

Twirling a lock of hair, the heat was thumping through her system.

"Are you done runn-"

Butch turned and stopped talking. His gaze ran up and down her body.

"Hey, Butch," she said, flicking the lock of hair out of the way.

"What the f**k happened?" he asked.

"I've been relaxing, and we're going steady. You know I'm a single mother, and I won't sleep around." She stepped into the room. Cheryl wouldn't have dreamt of doing this with anyone else but Butch. He made her feel confident in the way he looked at her. His very presence awakened her.

"Holy shit, f**k, baby, you're so f**king hot."

He reached out, spanning his hand across her hip. She glanced down seeing his large tanned hand against her pale skin. Butch had lost a lot of his suntan from not being outside. Cheryl hoped any decision he made in the future was what he wanted himself and not what he thought she wanted.

His gaze returned to hers. "We were fighting."

"Our first fight and I think we can return to it later. We don't need to waste our night over it."

"I never want to argue with you." He pulled her closer as he looked down her body. His eyes were directly on her br**sts. Since giving birth they'd gotten larger. She liked her fuller shape whereas some men hated a woman who liked her food. Cheryl wouldn't be giving up the few pleasures in life, and food was one of them. Life was too short to give everything up in life. She hoped in the next few hours she could add a few other pleasures to her list.

"We'll argue." Seeing The Skull women, Cheryl knew she needed to stand up for herself. The women were sweet, loving, but they didn't take any crap.

"Are you sure?" he asked.

"Yes, I'm sure. I'm ready." Running her hands up his chest, she circled her arms around his neck.

He gripped her ass rubbing his c**k against her stomach.

"I love your body," he said, leaning forward. She couldn't respond as he took her lips in a searing kiss, cutting off all thought. He plundered her mouth with his tongue, licking along the seam then inside. Moaning, she tightened her arms, needing to get as close as possible.

"Please," she said. Cheryl didn't know what she was begging for, only for him to get rid of the ache clawing away inside her.

Butch moved her to the base of the bed. He withdrew his lips leaving her empty. Whimpering, she stared into his eyes.

"Don't worry, baby. I'll take care of everything."

She watched his shirt come off his body revealing the ink covered perfection of him. There was no way she wasn't dreaming. Pinching her arm she winced at the onset of pain.

"Why did you do that?" he asked.

"I wanted to make sure I wasn't dreaming." She pinched herself again.

"Stop. You're not dreaming. You're going to hurt yourself."

Smiling, her mouth went dry as he started to finger the belt holding his jeans up.

"Fuck, I want to see that hungry look on your face," he said.

"What hungry look?"

He took hold of her chin turning her head this way and that. "How did I get so f**king lucky?"

His words charmed her.

She took over, tugging at his belt.

"You're impatient."

"I've been waiting for this since you asked for me to get Matthew taken care of. I know I was more than ready."

Butch covered her hands where they were tugging at his jeans. "Stop, Cheryl. I want you to look at me." He sounded serious.

"What is it? What's the matter?"

"Nothing." Butch cupped her cheeks, staring into her eyes. The tension changed, becoming charged. "I love you."

The declaration of love was not what she expected. Her heart pounded against her chest. Opening her lips, she closed them, then opened. What the hell was she supposed to say? None of it made any sense to her.

"You love me?"

Her feelings for him made more sense to her. How could a man like Butch fall in love with her? She was nothing compared to some of the women she'd met today. They were strong and fought for what they wanted while she lay down and let life happen. Alex had swept through her life then left as quickly.

"Yeah, I love you."

"How? I don't understand." Tears filled her eyes at the smile in his. She saw the love reflected back at her.

"Baby, do I need to smack your ass?"

She shook her head. "I'm a single mother."

"You're what I want." He slammed his lips down on hers cutting off all protest. There was no way she could fight what he wanted. "Never doubt yourself, Cheryl. From the moment I saw you carrying those Bibles, I was hooked."

Biting her lip she stared at his chest. "You're too sweet."

"No, I'm not. I've killed people, baby. I've taken lives for the good of the club. I've caused pain, and I've broken the law. The club was my family. I want to make you and Matthew my family now."

"Why can't you have both?" she asked. Pressing a kiss to his lips, she stared into his eyes. "I'm not going to ask you to choose between the two. The club and me, it doesn't have to be one or the other. It could be both."

"Don't worry about the club. I can deal with the club." His hand moved from her face down to the strap of her bra. "Now, I'm going to f**k you, and then I'm going to make love to you. I haven't got the time or patience to go slow the first time. I will make it up to you, I promise."

"I don't care." She pressed her head to his. "Make me yours."

****

Tugging the strap down her arm, Butch stared at the top of her breast as he started to expose the plump flesh. The red of her nipple appeared. Sliding the strap further down, he growled at the large red tip. It begged to be sucked and taken in deep. With his mouth watering, he leaned down sucking the bud.

She cried out. Her fingers sank into his hair and tightened on the strands. Pulling the second strap down he reached around the back unsnapping the clasp. In a quick tug the offending item was on the floor, and all he had to do was remove her panties. She shuddered against his touch. He laid his palm flat against her stomach.

Moving to the next breast, he sucked in the large bud. Her tits were a thing of beauty. He wanted pictures of her tits on his person for when he left her alone and was desperate for a view of her tits. Would she let him have a picture of her naked? He loved looking at her and knew he could spend hours simply gazing at her.

Pushing the band of her panties aside, he inhaled the musky scent of her pu**y. She was soaking wet to the touch. Butch slid a finger through her soaking slit at the same time he pinched her nipple. He caressed her cl*t before going down to plunge into her core.

Her nails sank into the flesh of his shoulders as she tried to hold herself up. "Butch?"

"I've got you." He muttered his response against her skin.

Jerking back, he tore the panties from her body and pushed her to the bed. "I've got to taste you."

Butch removed the belt, pushing his jeans down. He couldn't believe he had the woman he truly wanted in his arms and in his bed, or at least in her bed. Soon he'd have a place with a large yard out in the back with a lot more space. Cheryl deserved the kind of man who'd give her everything she needed.

There was fire inside her that he'd not anticipated. He truly thought she was sweet, vulnerable. Cheryl was sweet, but she wasn't vulnerable. No one was going to treat her like shit, and it turned him on. She'd spent the afternoon with The Skull women and survived. There were no marks on her body or fear in her eyes. She looked happier than he'd ever seen her. Not many women could handle the conflict of personalities. He'd seen some of the sweet-butts sent away crying because they couldn't handle them.

Tiny wouldn't let a piece of ass speak with anything but respect to the old ladies.

Naked, he knelt at the bottom of the bed drawing her closer. Opening her thighs, he stared at the red lips of her sex. She had a small smattering of brown curls, but nothing took away the beauty of her slit. Using his fingers, he opened her up to see the entrance to her cunt. Further down, he saw the puckered hole of her anus. His c**k pulsed at the sight and the smell. She was pure, and the raw lust filled him.

Bending down, he inhaled her subtle fragrance before running his tongue around her slit down to her cunt. Plunging his tongue into her pu**y, he felt her tighten around him. The taste of her exploded on his tongue. Sucking her cream down, he slid up to circle her clit. Flicking his tongue over the bud, he kept up his ministrations never letting up.

"Butch." She screamed his name over and over.

The sounds echoed off the wall. Soaking his fingers in her cream, he finger f**ked her, watching her drive closer to the edge of pleasure.

"Come for me, Cheryl. You're not getting my c**k until you come all over my tongue." With his free hand, he reached up to pinch her ni**les. She thrashed underneath him, but Butch wouldn't stop.

Releasing her cunt, he took both of her hands, banding them down at her side. "You're not moving. Come on my tongue, or I'll spend all night licking you. It's no problem to me, baby. You taste so f**king good that I won't want to stop."

He tongued her clit, sucking, nipping, and tugging the hard bud into his mouth. Holding her in place, Butch didn't stop. He wasn't going to let her go until she gave him what he wanted.

Butch didn't stop, and within seconds she splintered apart in his arms. Her orgasm crashed over her, leaking her cream onto his waiting tongue. He swallowed her down, relishing every drop. Once he was done, he pulled away wiping the remains of her release from his chin.

Reaching into his jeans, he pulled out the condom, tearing into the latex. Cheryl's gaze was on him as he worked the condom over his shaft. He was rock hard, achingly so.

"Do you like what you see? You do this to me."

"You're so big."

"I know, babe. I've not had any complaints before, and you'll be satisfied with what I give you." Getting to his feet, he nudged her further up the bed until she lay amongst the pillows. Her hair fanned out around her. She looked so beautiful and perfect.

Stroking a hand through her hair, he cupped her hip.

"I love you."

"I love you, too," she said.

Smiling, Butch knew he was in heaven. Nothing else mattered but him and her in that moment. The world could be ending, but he didn't give a f**k.

Gripping her hip, he took a kiss he was desperate for. She didn't pull away even as she tasted her own cream. Sliding his tongue into her mouth, he fell even deeper in love with her. Cheryl was everything he wanted in a woman. She was sweet, charming, sexy, and passionate. No one was going to take that away from her.

He took hold of his cock, running the latex covered tip through her creamy cunt. She shook beneath him, jerking as he pushed against her clit.

She screamed his name. Moving down to the entrance of her pu**y, he pushed the first inch inside her. The heat, even through the condom, was amazing. Another inch inside and her cunt clenched. Her own cream helped ease the way inside her. She wasn't fighting him. He rested both his hands beside her head, trapping her against the bed and his body.

One last plunge and he seated himself deep within her body. Cheryl whimpered, and he watched the dilation of her eyes. The arousal built inside her. He hit her cervix and stilled, relishing every second of her response.

"You're so f**king tight. Your pu**y is perfect, baby. You're what I want." Kissing her lips, he followed the path to the rapidly beating pulse at the side of her neck.

"Please, f**k me, Butch."

He smiled, shaking his head. "Not yet. I'm going to feel your cunt tighten around me. You're going to beg me to f**k you."

"I'm already begging."

Sucking the flesh of her neck into his mouth, he moaned as she tightened her sweet pu**y around him. She was tighter than any woman he'd been with.

Pulling out of her heat, he watched the relief in her face then slammed in deep, not waiting for her to get used to the size of him. Butch f**ked her over and over, going in deep. Each thrust took him closer to the edge. He didn't want it to be over, but he knew if he didn't stop then it was all going to be over. Butch wanted to make a lasting impression on her. The only c**k he wanted her craving was his own.

"So ... fucking ... good." He spoke the words between each thrust of his cock. "Touch your clit, baby. I need you to come. I'll make it up to you in time. I can't wait. Fuck, so f**king good."

Over and over, he f**ked her hard. She wrapped her legs around his waist, opening her core up. Gripping her hip, he looked down watching his c**k disappear inside her tight warmth. Her cream soaked the condom. He wanted her to be bare, skin to skin, but that wasn't going to happen any time soon. There was plenty of time to take her without the use of a condom.

Her fingers stroked through her slit, hiding the sight of them together. He watched her stroke her cl*t even as he f**ked her.

The moment she cried out in orgasm, he let go, thrusting inside her that final time. Butch filled the condom with his cum. Growling, he pressed his head to hers loving the feeling washing over him from the explosive orgasm.

Collapsing over her, he kissed her lips then caressing down to suck on her neck. By the time he finished, there were red marks all over her neck from his possession.

Sliding to the side, he tucked her against him. The smile on her face would stay with him forever.

"You've just ruined me for any other woman," he said.

"Same, only men for me." She chuckled, stroking his chest. "That was amazing."

"I'm sorry I didn't last. I'll make up for it soon." Kissing her head, Butch felt complete. She was his woman, and it felt so right having her resting in his arms.

"It can get better than that?"

"Yeah, a lot more."

She moaned. "I can't wait to see what more we can do."

Pulling out of her tightness, Butch left the bed. "Stay exactly like that, and I'll be back. I've just got to get rid of the condom."

****

Tiny cursed as the police officer he didn't know shoved him to the floor. "I want this compound searched. Weapons, drugs, alcohol, I want it swept floor to f**king floor."

It was one in the morning, and the cops were doing a f**king search of the clubhouse. Usually he was notified by one of the men he paid off about a search, but this one was a f**king surprise. Eva was sitting in a chair while a cop stood over her. Nash was comforting Sophia. They were all staying at the clubhouse waiting for Gash to get out. They had decided not to do anything with regards to Gonzalez until their other brother was out. Devil and his crew were long gone. Alex was on the floor beside him, cursing. All the men who put up a fight were on the floor with a gun trained to their heads.

"You better know how to use that f**king thing. My wife will own your ass if you kill me," Tiny said, growling.

"Tiny, don't." Eva's voice was small, scared even. Turning his head an inch he saw how scared she looked. She shook her head. Eva didn't recognize any of the men who were waving guns and shining warrants around as if they were a f**king fashion statement.

"This is bullshit," Murphy shouted.

A grunt was followed by his daughter's man being thrown to the floor.

"We'll find something, and you men will be locked up in f**king jail for the night. I'd like to see how you men like a cell. I bet some of you would make a good bitch to a hungry man."

This f**ker was going to end up six feet under. Tiny was fast losing his patience with this shit. He never kept crap at the clubhouse or around the compound. In the early years of The Skulls, he learned that mistake quickly.

None of the men searching his place were known to him. The Fort Wills police knew when to steer well enough alone.

"Hey, don't f**king think about it." Tiny looked up in time to see Eva's phone taken out of her hands. "Leave my wife alone."

The cop who thought he was better than Tiny landed a blow to his head. "Let's see you talk when you're a f**king vegetable."

"Leave him alone."

These men were not your average cops. Glancing around, ignoring the pain, Tiny made sure to remember what each one looked like. They were not part of Fort Wills. This was a special unit, but he didn't know what the f**k for.

"Sir, we found this." Another voice from the corner lifted a bag of white powder up for all to see. The men were smirking. They were being f**king set up.

"Well, it's time to take that trip down to the cells."

Tiny was hauled up. Staring at the man who hit him, he knew he was going to have his revenge. This f**ker was going to be squealing like a little bitch by the time he was through with him. Tiny couldn't wait to show this man who the real f**king boss was.

"Take the women. I don't want anyone given the chance to bail these little shits out. Take them all down to the cells. It's going to be a fun couple of days."

The bar was trashed as he was walking out. The men, who he gathered were working for Gonzalez, trashed his clubhouse. Tate was crying out. Gritting his teeth he watched the men carrying his kids out of the house. With no one around to look after them they were going into care for the night. He was pissed. Tiny was going to kill any motherfucker who got in his way. Gonzalez had just started a f**king war as far as Tiny was concerned. No one f**ked with his family or his club.

There was only one man who wasn't at the club, and that was Lash. He couldn't get the other man to come to him on such short notice. The only other person was Butch. Maybe it was time to start Alex's plan in motion. A little blackmail went a long way.

Being led out to the truck in cuffs, he saw Frederick laughing with the man who'd been the lead in the raid. Yeah, there was a new enemy in town.

Tiny spat on the ground as he heard his kids crying, his men cursing, and his woman shouting. Revenge was going to be so f**king sweet.

Chapter Ten

Butch's cell phone woke him up. He was asleep on the bedroom floor with the sunlight glinting in through the windows. Cheryl was curled up against him. He didn't know how it was possible, but his cell phone was beside his head. After all the time away from The Skulls, he still kept his phone within easy reach. Rubbing the sleep from his eyes, he answered the call without checking the caller identity. The feel of Cheryl, na**d and pressed up against him, filled him with a buzz. They'd come a long way, and they'd done a lot of talking last night as well as a lot of not talking. He smiled recalling the sounds she made when he drove her crazy. She really was a passionate woman.

"Hello," he said.

"Fuck, Butch, we need your help." Murphy sounded enraged on the other end.

"What's up?" he asked, running a hand down his woman's na**d back. His c**k was thick, wanting back inside her body once again. He'd not been able to stop f**king her. Around four they'd both collapsed into an exhausted sleep. Butch never did need a lot of sleep. He'd taken all the rest he'd needed, and he was ready to start again. Once the phone call was over he was going to f**k her again. Her body was amazing, and he loved watching her tits bounce as he rode her hard.

"I wouldn't be calling, but we all agreed you're the only one we can trust. We've all been trying to f**king call you. Mason, the brother who helped with Killer and Kelsey, is too far, brother. You're the only one left, and we're calling in that favor."

Frowning, he sat up, and in the process he woke Cheryl up.

"What's going on?" From Murphy's tired voice, he knew it was serious. Tate wouldn't let Murphy out of her sight unless he was fully rested. Ever since the incident with The Darkness a year or so back, Tate had been overprotective of him.

"We've been f**king set up, man. There was a raid last night on the clubhouse. All of us were there to try and deal with Gonzalez. It looks like the bastard stepped up his game."

"That makes no f**king sense." He pushed the blanket away and stood up.

"Butch? What is it?" Cheryl asked.

He held his palm out, showing her he needed a minute.

"Makes sense now, they got us on possession of coke or some shit. They're in now talking with Tiny. We saw Gonzalez here, man. Shits about to get serious, and we don't know what the f**k will happen. We need you to bail us out and talk to our lawyer."

"Why didn't you call him first?" Butch asked.

"They wouldn't let us. They f**ked up the call. Butch, we need you, man. They took our women along with us."

"Where are your kids?"

"In with the f**king social services. The coke was planted, Butch. Please, help us out." Murphy sounded desperate.

Butch knew it was a set-up. Tiny wouldn't allow any of the drugs to be in the clubhouse, not with children around. Tiny hated drugs. Nash had come a long way and was completely sober from the drugs.

Rubbing a hand down his face, he nodded. "Sure, I've got the cash to bail you all out, and I'll get the lawyer on releasing the kids and shit. Fuck, Devil was right, you're all attracted to disaster."

"Be careful," Murphy said, releasing a sigh. "Tiny is not happy about this, and he knows you're pissed about all of this."

"Nah, don't worry about it. I'll get Cheryl to help me. We're all good."

Ending the call he turned to a worried Cheryl.

"They've been arrested," he said.

"Oh, no. What for?"

"I don't know, possession with intent to sell I imagine." Running fingers through his hair, he glanced around the room. "I didn't want to deal with club shit this early in the f**king morning. I'm not even supposed to be part of the club anymore."

"You're not just going to leave them there, are you? You've got to help them," she asked.

"No, I'm not going to leave them. Shit. I've got to get dressed and start helping."

"I'm coming along." She stood up, making her way toward the bathroom.

"Baby, you don't have to come." He reached out taking her hand. Drawing her closer, he wrapped an arm around her waist. "None of this is your business."

"Well I'm making it my business. I like Eva and the other women. Okay, so Tate's not really my style, but I'm not letting a bully take their children away from them. It's not fair, and besides, they're your friends, if only you'd get your head out of your ass." She wrinkled her nose, smiling up at him.

"And here I thought I'd fallen for a sweet, little innocent woman who liked to work at the church."

"I do like to work at the church. It's nice, quiet, and I get a small income from there. Don't let the job deceive you, buddy." She went up on her toes and landed a kiss to his lips. "I love you."

He gripped her ass, loving the way the supple flesh filled his palms. "Fuck, baby, I love you, too. So much."

Cheryl pulled away first. "Then come on. Let's go and help your friends out. There's no way either of us would have enjoyed a night spent in cells."

She wandered off into the bathroom, leaving him alone with his thoughts. His woman didn't know how serious this was going to be. It would only be a matter of time before Gonzalez came hunting for him. He needed to start thinking about the future. Staying in Fort Wills was no longer logical. He needed to convince Cheryl that leaving town would be best.

Butch listened to her humming in the bathroom as he grabbed his clothes and headed downstairs. Putting the coffee pot on he dialed the lawyer's number, bringing him up to speed on everything that had happened so far. There were no questions or anger. The lawyer simply did his job and promised to start making calls. After he finished with the lawyer, Cheryl walked in wearing a nice white summer dress. She looked beautiful and refreshed.

"Hey," he said, groaning.

"What's the matter?" She tucked some of her dark strands behind her ear and glanced down her body as if there was something wrong with her. There was nothing wrong. She looked so f**king beautiful.

"I want to go back to bed and kiss every inch of your body. There's nothing wrong with you. It's all to do with me," he said, watching her ass sway as she poured some coffee.

"You've always got sex on the brain. I can't even keep up with you," she said, chuckling.

"Baby, you're the one responsible for my dick getting hard. I think it's time for you to cut me some slack." Butch glanced at the clock and moaned. "Fuck, we can't do anything about it. We've got to get to the jail to post bail." He was really looking forward to another round of hot, sweaty sex.

"Too bad. I was getting all hot and bothered over it as well." She gave him that smile he adored before turning away.

Fuck, when did he get so lucky with his woman?

"I'll deal with you when I get back. Come on, we've got to go if you want to come along."

They took his bike, and by the time he pulled up at the police station in town, the lawyer was turning up. The man's name was Rupert, and he looked concerned.

"What's the matter?" Butch asked.

"Someone's frozen my accounts. I'm being put under investigation," Rupert said.

Cheryl climbed off the bike, handing him back the helmet. "Who the f**k would do that?" Butch asked.

No one needed to answer. Butch got all the answers he needed as Gonzalez appeared out of the back of a large, expensive car.

"Good morning, gentlemen," Gonzalez said.

Ignoring him, Butch turned to Cheryl. "Whatever happens, do not talk to that man, got it?"

"Yeah, I've got it."

"Good." He took her hand, leading her into the station. Butch left her in one of the chairs as he approached the front desk.

"Bringing your woman to the station wasn't very smart," Gonzalez said.

"This payback because I beat you down like a bitch with your guards watching?" Butch asked, turning to the other man as the woman started to deal with the bail money. "I can do it again, and you're going to hit out, setting up my friends."

"Are they really your friends? They called you because they had no one else. You're not part of the club anymore. I mean, what are you to them besides a money fund?"

Smiling, Butch shook his head. "You're acting like we know each other, but we don't."

"We've got a past. I mean, my dad killed your dad and all of the club you were with. I think it gives me a little leverage," Gonzalez said.

"No, it doesn't. It was a long time ago."

"Yet the bitch doctor figured it was necessary to hide you from me. I do find that a little curious. I mean, she hid you from my dad, so it had to have been out of fear. My dad wasn't well known or well liked."

"Are we seriously going down memory lane?" Butch asked. It had been years since he got over what happened to him. There was no way he was going to let this man get to him.

"Why not? You've got so much to lose." Gonzalez smiled then chanced a look behind him. "She's nice. A little round for my tastes, but I like them on the skinny side."

Fisting his hands, Butch glared at the other man. "What the f**k do you want?"

"I'm getting what I want. You'll see, in time." Gonzalez smiled as Butch was led away from the reception room. If Gonzalez thought he could threaten him then the man was mistaken.

****

Cheryl tapped her fingers on her leg while she waited for Butch to appear. The man he'd been talking to was making his way closer to her. She didn't like the look in his eyes. Looking down at her lap she did her best to ignore him.

"So you're dating Butch?" The man sat beside her, closer than she would have liked.

"I don't know who you are."

"I'm Gonzalez."

"You're not close with Butch," she said, doing her best to stay away from him.

"What makes you think that?" He turned toward her. His knees touched hers.

"I've seen Butch with his friends. He looked ready to hurt you, not hug you." Come on, Butch. This man was making her uncomfortable.

"He's protecting criminals."

She didn't know who Gonzalez was, but her gut was telling her, he wasn't at all the kind of man he was making himself out to be.

"You've got nothing to say."

"I don't know who you are. Please, leave me alone." She stood up taking a step toward the message board. The town posted up job interviews along with other job descriptions available throughout the town of Fort Wills. Gonzalez didn't leave her alone. He stepped up right close beside her, invading her space. Gritting her teeth, she forced herself not to show any discomfort.

"He's going to hurt you. The Skulls are always hurt. The women more than any others."

"Why are you doing this?" she asked, turning around.

He leaned in close putting a hand beside her head.

"Do you really want to know the truth?" She nodded. He closed the distance until he was close enough to kiss. It took every ounce of strength for her not to pull back or pull away. "I'm doing this because it's fun."

Gonzalez withdrew, chuckling.

She jerked back, glaring at him. The evil in his eyes was clear to see. Without thinking what she was doing, she slapped him around the face. "Stay away from my friends. I mean it, keep away from them." Cheryl didn't know where the strength came from, only that she needed for him to stay as far away from them as possible.

"Is the mother hen showing through?" he asked, rubbing his cheek.

Glaring at him, she refused to back down.

"Stay the f**k away from my woman," Butch said, appearing. Not only did he appear, The Skulls all appeared, looking ready to commit murder.

"It's okay. It's going to be fun. Enjoy your freedom while you've got it," Gonzalez said, chuckling. "You're a little firecracker."

Not backing down, she waited for him to take the first step away. After several seconds passed, he took the first step back, then the second until he was completely away from her.

When he was gone, she allowed herself to relax, collapsing against him.

"What the f**k was that about?" Butch asked. His arms were around her, holding her close. She closed her eyes, basking in the warmth from his touch. She wanted to go back to this morning before the phone call. Last night had been magical to her.

"We've got problems," Tiny said, holding Eva close to his side. He turned to Rupert. "Get our kids back and there'll be a nice bonus in it for you."

"I'm on it. I could do with the money," Rupert said, signing some paperwork. Cheryl stayed by Butch's side as he led her out toward the bike. There was no transport for the rest of The Skulls.

"Give me an hour and I'll come and get you all," Butch said. He kept hold of her hand, refusing to let go.

"I appreciate it," Tiny said, cursing.

Climbing on the back of Butch's bike, she placed the helmet on then wrapped her arms around his body. They took off before she got a chance to say anything to Eva or the others. Butch pulled up outside of her house.

"What are you doing?" she asked, refusing to let go.

"I've got to get to the clubhouse to grab the cab. It's got enough seats to bring them all home."

"Why can't I come with you?" She'd enjoyed this morning with him, even going to the jail and meeting Gonzalez.

"This is club business, and I don't want you to be part of it."

"You're not part of the club," she said.

"It's not the same. You don't know what this is about. I don't want you to get hurt, honey. Please, go and get Matthew, and we'll do something fun."

She climbed off the bike, removing the helmet. "You can't keep me away forever."

"It's not about that, babe."

"When are you going to realize the club is part of you?" She reached out, touching his chest. "It's in here."

He removed her hand, kissing her knuckles.

"No, it's not. I've moved on. I want to move on."

"And yet when you got that call there was a fire in your eyes that I've never seen before. It has nothing to do with lust or even love, but you're happy when you're part of the club. Washing dishes and playing normal boyfriend is not who you are." Cheryl didn't need him to pretend to be something he wasn't. She liked him the way he was.

"Baby, it's over."

"No, I don't think it's over." She withdrew her hand, letting out a sigh. "Go, help them, and I'll see you when I can." Taking a step away from him, she walked in the direction of her mother's house. For a long time Butch stayed by her house, obviously watching her. Only when she heard the sound of his bike leaving did she chance a glance back. Butch was going to regret his decision to leave the club if he didn't open his eyes soon. Letting herself into her mother's house, she scented the pancakes the moment she stepped inside.

"Hey, Mom," she said, calling out.

"I'm in the kitchen." Closing the door behind her, she walked into the kitchen. Matthew was sitting at the counter clapping his hands the moment he saw her. Chuckling, she pulled him out of the high chair and kissed him. "Did you have a nice night, honey?"

"The best, Mom, thank you for having him." She kissed Matthew's cheek, blowing a raspberry on the delicate flesh.

"He's always a pleasure. Never moans unless he wants something. I'm happy for the company."

Rocking her son, Cheryl listened to her mother talk as she bustled around the kitchen. Her mother had always liked to produce a home cooked meal no matter how long it took to get all the ingredients together. Cheryl had been spoilt for choice, and her experience in the kitchen had come from her. "Butch told me he loved me," she said, letting the words spill out.

Her mother paused, glancing over her shoulder at her. "Really?"

"I love him. He's amazing, attentive, hot-great, now I've said hot." Licking her lips, memories of the way he'd touched and made love to her last night filled her mind. He'd been rough yet delicate. Butch set her body aflame with desire.

"Have you talked to his father yet?" She pointed at Matthew.

Cheryl shook her head. "I will soon. I promise. I know I'm going to need to see him, but I don't know. He doesn't want anything to do with Matthew, I mean, why would he?"

"I don't know, honey. You've got to give the man a chance. He's with The Skulls, so he's always got something going on. Doesn't he own a fancy casino back in Vegas?"

She shrugged. There wasn't much she did know about Alex. Their relationship had been fleeting, and the only lasting consequence sat in her lap. Cheryl hadn't been sitting around mourning for Alex, or wishing for him to come home. There were a few times she wished he turned up as she'd been terrified of raising a child alone. She'd never been alone though, as her mother had stuck by her through thick and thin.

"I want you to be happy, Cheryl. I really do."

"I'm happy, Mom. Butch makes me happy." She smiled, tightening her arms around Matthew. "Alex wasn't anything special. I mean, he was there, and then he wasn't. There were no lasting feelings. Butch, I miss him all the time. He's out now, and I hope he's okay. I'm not going to stalk him or anything. I don't know, maybe we're moving too fast after finding out about Alex, but I don't think we are. He means everything to me, Mom." She pushed her hair off her face.

When Matthew started to get restless, she placed him back in the high chair.

"I don't know what you're going through. If he makes you happy then I'll be happy for you. I never want you to suffer, Cheryl. Never in all this world did I want you to go through what you've gone through." Her mother placed pancakes in front of her son then handed her a plate. She took the food, diving into the fluffy pancakes. "When you told me you were pregnant, I was worried. Raising a child is tough. Raising a child alone is even harder."

"You did it for the most part."

"But your father couldn't hack it, honey. He was happier going out and sleeping with everything than sticking by his woman," her mother said, reaching over to touch her hand.

"Butch would never do that to me." Cheryl knew without a shadow of a doubt that Butch would love her and be loyal to her. The Skulls were many things, but they were loyal to each other.

"I know. I've got the right to worry about you. You're my daughter, and I'll keep worrying about you for many years to come. I should warn you, I'll always worry about you."

Cheryl smiled. "I wouldn't have it any other way."

****

Frederick chuckled as he entered his hotel room. The scent of bleach overwhelmed him the moment he closed the door. "Fuck, Ronald, it stinks."

"Tell that to Homer. He got in a mess with the girl, and now he's cleaning up the mess."

Ah, the smell of victory. He was going to have The Skulls and Chaos Bleeds eating out of the palm of his hands.

"What's the next stage of your plan, boss? We've got another delivery of coke due and a shipment of at least a hundred girls that need to start earning their keep," Ronald said.

Walking to his supply of scotch, Frederick poured out three glasses. Homer appeared wearing a blood smeared apron. The sight appalled Frederick, but there was nothing he could do. That ship had already sailed.

"We're putting pressure on Tiny and his men. Gash will be out within three weeks, but he's going to be coming out to a whole load of shit."

He took another sip of the strong, expensive spirit. His father didn't have the first clue of how to handle an MC group. All of the men who'd come before him really thought they knew their shit. They were all mistaken. Frederick knew how to get what he wanted and kill every motherfucker who got in his way. Devil and Tiny were only the first. Soon he'd own both MCs, both towns, and along the way he'd get Vegas and start to expand his business out. He'd be more powerful than any f**king criminal known to mankind. Whoever thought of trying to sell shit on his turf would have to pay their dues. Gonzalez didn't intend to come cheap. After his father had taken out the Savage Brothers over twenty years ago, Frederick thought it would only expand from there. Instead, his father had gone back home, leaving it all dead. He was going to change all that. "Daddy left a loose end from a long time ago. I want you to find Becca Stanford, kill her, and send the head to The Skulls. When you do that, send Ashley's to Chaos Bleeds. We're going to get what we want, boys. I can almost taste it."

Chapter Eleven

Two days later

After bailing those bastards out Butch hadn't heard a peep out of them. They had their kids back with the help of Rupert, but did he get anything? No. No one had come to see him, not to even thank him for what he did. His hard work had come down to nothing.

"Come on, Butch, we need those dishes, pronto."

He glared at the boy demanding he work faster. In the beginning working at the cafe had been fun, a change from the norm. Now, it pissed him off. It was hot outside, and the back of the cafe was steaming hot from all the hot water and food being cooked. He hadn't seen the sun in almost three hours, and he was pissed. The only consolation prize for him was Cheryl. Going to bed with her every night made up for the hours spent in the cafe.

The problem, it was getting harder to want to go to work. The Skulls were his home. He wouldn't go back; he couldn't go back. Cheryl was going to be in too much danger if he joined The Skulls.

"Butch?"

"Get the f**k out of my kitchen and f**k off," he said, yelling out at the other man. Ten minutes later the manager walked in.

"Butch, we need to talk."

Throwing the dishes to the floor, he heard every single one crash onto the tiled ground. "Fuck you and f**k your job." He removed the apron and slammed it against the man's chest.

Why did you think this was going to work in the first place?

The Skulls is your place.

Walking out of the cafe he didn't stop until he was in the florist. Cheryl was serving Nash as she finished wrapping a bunch of roses in a bow.

"Butch, what are you doing here?" she asked.

Nash was staring at him.

"I quit my job," he said, moving closer to the counter. Matthew was with her mother like he was most days Cheryl was at work. In a year he would be in school, and neither of them would have to worry.

"You quit? How is that possible?" she asked, handing the bouquet to Nash.

He watched the other man pay, clearly listening to the conversation.

"I couldn't stand it anymore. I can't work there."

Cheryl gave him a pointed look then focused her gaze on Nash. He shook his head. No, he wasn't going back to The Skulls, even if he wanted to. Butch knew he was being an ass, but he had his reasons for doing what he was doing.

"I'll find more work."

"Where? There's not much call for work in Fort Wills," she said.

"I'll find something."

"Or you could stop being a disloyal bastard and come back and work for the club," Nash said.

"I'm not talking to you."

"You bailed us out because you owed us a favor."

"Yeah, and look what happened. I got kicked out of the conversation. It's the last time I owe you shit." The moment he'd picked the crew up and driven them to the clubhouse, they'd all shut him out.

"You've told us more than once you don't want to be part of the club. What went down was club business. It had nothing to do with you." Nash's arms were folded as they stared at each other. They'd kicked him out of the meeting, and he wasn't even surprised. He had nothing to do with the club at his own choice, yet it still f**king hurt.

"I got that. I'm not part of the club anymore. I'm fine, really, I'm f**king done." Butch glared at the other man with his leather cut.

Stop being a f**king baby.

"Butch, he's a customer."

"Don't you worry your head about it, doll. Butch is simply being a cunt. Sophia will love these, thank you." Nash took his card and walked out of the store.

"What the hell was that?" Cheryl asked, turning on him. Her arms were folded, and she looked ready to murder him.

"He's an ass**le, and he knows what he was doing. He was causing me problems." Butch shrugged.

"I don't care what he is to you, Butch. He was a customer, and I don't own this place. Whatever you do to drive away sales risks my job." She tapped a hand to her chest. "I can get fired, and I need the money."

"What if this was your shop?" he asked, firing the question at her.

"What?"

He smiled, rounding the counter and tugging her into his arms. She melted against him within seconds. His c**k hardened wanting inside her tight, hot warmth.

"I'd buy you this place, and then you could do whatever the hell you want with it."

"You can't do that. It's so expensive." She stared at his chest.

"Not if you're my wife it wouldn't be."

She jerked, staring up at him. Staring into her eyes, Butch knew there was nowhere else he wanted to be.

"You've just quit your job."

"I've got money and investments with the club. Tiny stopped my percentage a few months ago, but I got plenty from all the savings of the last three years. Whizz works the stock markets for the club so there's more than enough money to go around. We all put a percentage in, and at the end of the month, we get money back. Some of the brothers don't put money in, and they earn what they can at the club, baby. Because of that, I've got enough money to put a deposit on this place. I've not spent much of my money that I earned in the last three years. My biggest expense so far is renting out that apartment, and I've been working as well, babe." Reaching down, he gripped her ass moaning as she rubbed against his cock.

"Is that a proposal?" she asked.

"Cheryl, will you marry me?"

Her mouth fell open.

"Do you not know what to say?" he asked.

"You've taken me by surprise. I was angry at you, and now I can't be mad at you." The smile on her lips was worth it. She looked totally taken aback.

"Well, don't keep me in suspense, honey. Tell me if you'll marry me or not?" he asked, impatient to know her answer.

She was the first woman he'd asked to marry him.

"You're being serious?"

"Serious as I've ever been about anything. Marry me, Cheryl." He closed the distance, claiming her lips. From the instant he left her this morning, he'd wanted the feel of her lips against his. He was turning into a f**king pu**y with how he felt about her.

"Yes, I'll marry you." She answered him in between kisses. Laughing, he picked her up, spinning her around. He'd never been so happy about anything in his life. Cheryl was going to be his woman.

"Do you think we can get out of here?" he asked.

"No, I can't get out of here yet. I've got to finish work."

He didn't like that for an answer. "Give me your manager's number," he said.

"Butch, you can't force her to give me time off."

"I'm not going to do anything. I've got to make a call." He rubbed his nose against hers, trying to relieve the tension. "Trust me, baby. I wouldn't hurt anyone."

She let out a sigh. He watched her ass as she left the store to grab the number. When she came back inside, he gazed at her large tits. They were huge, and he wanted them naked, swinging in front of him.

"Here, please, she's a nice woman. Don't be mean."

"Honey, I'm not mean."

Taking the card from her, he pulled out his cell phone and dialed her number. After thirty minutes of negotiation, he had bought a florist shop for his future wife. He called a lawyer to finish up the contract then entered the store as Cheryl hung up the phone.

"What did you do or say?" she asked.

"I wanted you off for the remainder of the day. Did it work?"

She tilted her head to the side, glaring at him. "You know it worked. She gave me the time off and told me to take care of you."

Butch chuckled.

"What did you say?"

"I gave her over the asking price for this place."

"You've bought it already?" she asked, looking surprised.

"I've got the down payment on this place, and I've already booked an appointment with the bank. You've got nothing to worry about. Everything should go through within a matter of weeks. Your name will be above the door, and you can make your own hours and choose your customers."

Her hand went to her hip. "I'm not refusing The Skulls. They spend a lot of money here, Butch."

He shrugged. "If we can expand you'll get the customers elsewhere. Come on, let's get you home." Butch took over, leading her out of the florist shop, closing it up and climbing on the back of his bike. She put the helmet on but refused to hold onto his waist. "Hold on, Cheryl."

"I'm not going to turn them away. I don't care what you think. They spend good money, and you'd be crazy to cut them out of your life. They're your family, Butch."

"We'll talk about this when we're home." When he got her home, he was getting her naked. His dick was aching for some relief. In the weeks to come he had a wedding to plan, and a ring to purchase so every f**ker knew who she belonged to.

You're still running away from The Skulls. They're your family.

The reasons for leaving The Skulls were falling away, little by little. He wanted to go back to them, but then he couldn't help but feel it was a weak decision. Turning on the ignition, he pulled away from the curb and took off toward her home. She headed inside the house as he put the bike away. When he entered he closed the door and followed the sound of her moving around.

She was filling up the kettle with water. He waited until she put it down before wrapping his arms around her waist. Pressing his face against her neck, he groaned at the smell of her. She always smelled amazing to him.

Cupping her tits, he rubbed his c**k against her ass. "I need you, Cheryl."

****

Refusing Butch was out of the question. Whenever he touched her, Cheryl just couldn't say no. His touch sent her pulse aflame with need. She no longer wanted to talk about The Skulls or him returning to his crew. After he bailed them out, he'd been moody at being shut out. She knew he wasn't used to being cut off from the family. The Skulls were his family.

The problem she faced was trying to show him that he could have the best of both worlds. She didn't care about his association with the club. Living in Fort Wills, she'd seen the good and bad that the club did. More often than not, The Skulls took care of them. She didn't have anything bad to say about them.

His hands cupped her tits, and she was lost.

He's going to marry you.

She didn't know what to think of his sudden proposal and the purchase of the florist shop. What did he hope to achieve? They were staying in Fort Wills. Butch wasn't going to get her to leave no matter what he thought.

"Fuck, I need you."

He reached out going to the button of his jeans.

"Butch," she said, moaning.

"I know, baby."

The button slid open, and she wiggled her h*ps for him to push the jeans down her thighs. There was no time to make him wait. Butch took over. He turned her to face him, picking her up easily to place her on the dinner table.

She chuckled as with one quick movement he tore them from her body.

"Baby, we're going to need to buy you some new underwear, thongs or something to reveal your pu**y more." He took hold of her cotton underwear, destroying the fabric in his haste to get rid of it.

"You're going too fast," she said, chuckling.

"No, I'm not. I need this, baby. Come on, show me you want me." He ran his hands up the outside of her thighs, curving inside to open them wide.

Cheryl removed her shirt, hearing him moan as she fingered the bra covering her br**sts from his view.

"Fuck, you really are beautiful, honey. I can't wait to be inside you."

He ran a finger through the lips of her sex. Crying out, she arched up.

"Not yet, Cheryl. I want you to see what I'm doing to you. Watch me touch you."

Butch was fully dressed. She opened her eyes and fingered her clit.

Glancing down, she saw him teasing through her curls. His thumb pressed to her nub then stroked from side to side. The pleasure whooshed through her entire body.

"Keep your eyes on what I'm doing to you, Cheryl. Don't look away. I've got you all afternoon, and I intend to have you screaming my name."

"Please, Butch."

"I got the lube the other day. Remember, we talked about me f**king that ass."

She tensed. He'd talked about f**king her ass, and he'd been teasing her with his fingers. Cheryl didn't think he'd been serious.

"You've got nothing to worry about. I'll take care of everything, and you'll only experience the amazing pleasure that can be had," he said.

She shook her head. No, how could having anal sex be pleasurable?

"Trust me. You're going to be begging me to f**k your ass." He leaned down, flicking her nipple with his tongue.

"I doubt it."

"You doubt me."

The sound of the chair scraping forced her to open her eyes. She'd closed them when he touched her clit.

Butch took a seat in front of her. He placed his hands at her h*ps and pulled her to the edge of the table.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm going to look at your sweet pu**y. You look good enough to eat."

She covered her face as the heat started to build inside her. "Butch?"

"You're beautiful."

Going to her elbows, she saw him watching her pu**y. He opened the lips of her sex, and his eyes seemed focused on what he saw. "You're so f**king tight." One finger slid inside her pu**y.

Collapsing to the table, she rested her hand over her eyes. Two fingers slid inside her core. He spread his fingers open, stretching her.

"I'm going to lick you now."

His tongue stroked over her clit, then down to slide his fingers inside her pu**y. Butch removed his fingers then slid down to caress across her ass. He placed his other hand over her pu**y, touching her wet heat.

"Don't tense up. I'm going to show you how good it can be between us."

"Butch, I don't think this is a good idea."

"Trust me, baby. You're going to love what I do to you."

She wanted to argue but kept her mouth shut. Butch knew what he was doing. Thinking about the other women he'd been with annoyed her. Pushing the thoughts aside, she focused on his touch. His tongue took over the pleasure, swirling around her cl*t then going down to her core.

The fingers against her ass, stroked over the puckered hole of her anus. Licking her lips, she blew out a breath knowing she wasn't going to last long. The pleasure was a dual sensation. She never expected any sensation to come from him touching her ass. He circled the bud, sliding over it before pressing against the muscles.

Butch didn't force his fingers inside or make her take him. It was a caress with slight pressure. The whole experience was strange to her.

"You're so f**king ripe and juicy. I want you to come all over my fingers and inside my mouth before I f**k you."

She whimpered. Her pu**y felt empty even with him using his fingers. Cheryl wanted to feel him inside her, sliding through the muscles. His c**k was large, and he filled her so completely.

For three years she hadn't cared about sex or being with a man. Butch had changed all that. She couldn't imagine living without him.

You're going to marry him.

The thought alone cheered her.

"Come all over my fingers, Cheryl. Give me what I want."

He attacked her clit, licking, sucking and biting her. The sudden attack on her cl*t had Cheryl splintering apart within seconds. She cried out, screaming her pleasure for him to hear.

"That's it, baby, spill your cum all over my fingers."

The orgasm took her completely by surprise. Holding onto the edge of the table, she collapsed as he continued to torture her clit.

"Fuck, you're so f**king hot."

Butch stood, scraping the chair back away from her. She watched him getting into his jeans. He handed her the foil packet containing the condom.

Tearing into it, she handed him the latex back. He rolled the condom over his cock, growling. "I can't wait until I feel you without a rubber between us."

"You want that?"

"Yeah, I want it. I want to know how tight and wet you can get as you explode over my dick."

It had taken her time to get used to his rough language. Now, she wouldn't have him any other way.

"I don't mind protecting you, but you're going to have to be prepared for me to take you without."

"Are you wanting children?" she asked.

"Yes. You're going to have to realize, baby, that I want everything with you."

He slammed his lips down on hers as he rubbed the tip of his c**k through her slit. She gasped at the pleasure rushing through her. Every bump against her cl*t sent the arousal crashing through her.

"Butch, please, f**k me." She couldn't handle any more of his teasing. Cheryl needed him inside her.

He gripped his cock, thrusting the tip inside her. Butch stretched her with the width of him. She held onto his arms, arching up to his touch.

The table wasn't the most comfortable of places to f**k, but right at that moment, she didn't care. She needed him more than she needed her next breath.

"You're so f**king responsive. Your cunt is gripping me tight, baby."

"Yes, please, Butch, please."

"Don't worry, baby. I've got you, and I'm going to f**k you, so f**king good."

His hands returned to her hips, and he thrust inside her going to the hilt inside her. The depth was on the verge of pain he was so deep. Crying out, she reached down to stroke her clit.

"That's it, touch yourself. Show me you want me to f**k you."

Butch plunged in and out of her, over and over again. He didn't let up f**king her. Holding onto him was all she could do as he drove them to the edge of bliss.

"It's not going to last, baby. You feel so f**king good wrapped around my dick."

"Shut up and f**k me."

He didn't disappoint her. His grip bruised her h*ps as he pounded away inside her. There was no end in sight as he took her to the edge of bliss. Together they fell over that edge, crashing into bliss.

"I'm coming." He grunted the words as he tensed.

Cheryl could hardly hear him. She was already crashing through her own orgasm. What did he do to make it so amazing? Butch was making her addicted to sex. He was making her addicted to him.

Chapter Twelve

Time was fast running out before she had to collect her son, and Butch was determined to make use of their alone time. Her pu**y was heaven. He watched her put a chicken casserole in the oven while she was naked. Closing the curtains, Butch didn't like the thought of another man seeing her naked. She was all his, and he hated to share. There was a time when he shared all of the women with his brothers. Cheryl was not the kind of woman he wanted others knowing the sweetness of.

"You can do the dishes when Matthew gets back." He picked her up in his arms.

"Butch, let me down. You're going to hurt yourself."

"No, I'm not. I like having you in my arms, and you better get used to being there." He kissed her lips to shut her up. She glared at him, folding her arms. "You're adorable, baby."

"When you end up in hospital you're going to have to tell them you pulled something by carrying an elephant."

He kicked open the bedroom door then dropped her onto the bed. "Hey," she said, screaming.

Landing two hard smacks on her ass, he held her in place admiring the red prints of his hands. "That's for saying nasty shit about your weight. There's nothing wrong with you." He ran his fingers over the marks, loving what he'd done.

Sliding a finger inside her pu**y, he felt the evidence of how much she liked the spank.

"I can't believe you hit me."

"I didn't hit you, Cheryl. Talk shit about yourself and I'm going to spank your ass. I'm giving you plenty of warning, so you better not do it again."

She cursed him again. Landing another slap to her ass, he heard her yelp. Chuckling, he bent in front of her and licked her pu**y from behind. He was close to her ass, but he was going to claim that as well today.

You're going to be married to her soon.

He knew he'd have to deal with Alex, yet all he wanted was to have Cheryl kept by his side. Buying the florist shop wasn't a problem to him. He had plenty of funds to help both of them with what they wanted for the future. Cheryl and Matthew would want for nothing even if he died, which he didn't plan on doing.

"Butch." His name came out on a moan this time. Plunging his tongue into her cunt, he tasted how ripe and juicy she was.

"You taste so f**king good, baby," he said, muttering the words against her pu**y.

"You're driving me crazy."

She started to push back against his tongue. Using his fingers, he filled her cunt as he tongued her clit. Sex had to be dirty and rough for him. When she was close to the edge of bliss, he drew back never giving her a release.

"Why did you stop?"

"I want you to be begging for an orgasm. At the moment you're getting a little too greedy." He swatted her ass before opening a drawer in the far corner. In time he'd purchase some nicer furniture. He knew everything she owned was handed down or secondhand. His woman was going to have the best money could buy.

He took out the handcuffs he'd purchased along with a large tube of lubrication.

Turning back toward his woman, Cheryl was on her back staring at him. When she saw the cuffs her eyes grew wide. "What do you think that's for?" she asked.

"I'm going to chain you to the bed and have my way with you." Chuckling, he dropped the lube to the bed.

"Chain me to the bed?"

"Don't you trust me, baby?" He held up the restraints seeing her swallow. Her throat looked so pretty when she swallowed, and he'd felt the way her throat tightened around his cock.

"I trust you. Erm, cuffs, don't you think that's a bit much?"

He shook his head. "Not at all. I promise I will do everything you love."

She bit her lip still unsure.

"I'm not a total monster, Cheryl. Tell me to stop and I'll stop, remove the cuffs, and then I'll f**k you without you being chained to the bed."

"Okay," She lay down on the bed, giving herself to him. The submission she displayed made him fall in love with her more.

"You're not going to fight me more?" he asked.

"No, I trust you. I've loved everything you've done to me so far."

Butch stood at the base of the bed looking up her body. She looked so beautiful, pure even, with her hair across his pillow. From the first moment he saw her, he was kicked in the gut by the rawness of her person. Was it their personalities?

He caressed her ankle watching her response. She didn't pull away from him. Cheryl stayed perfectly relaxed with her hands by her side.

"Put your hands up above your head and spread them out."

Waiting for her to do what he asked, he walked the length of the bed, sliding his fingers up her thigh.

"You're so beautiful," he said. "I love the way your body responds to me. You know your master."

Securing one wrist, he saw his dilemma. He only had one set of cuffs. "Bring your other hand closer." He fitted the cuffs through the bed post and secured her other wrist. Tucking a pillow under her head, he went back to the base. Opening her thighs wide, he pushed her knees up. Taking another pillow, he slotted it underneath her ass, which showed her cunt off to perfection.

"I'd ask you to touch yourself, but you can't."

She laughed.

Smiling along with her, he knelt on the bed. Stroking his length, he was rock hard already. He slid his c**k through the lips of her sex. The foreskin was pulled back, revealing the glistening tip. He pushed back and forward, hitting her cl*t and withdrawing. Each touch of her cl*t had her jerking in response. He loved the way her tits shook with each movement.

"You're so responsive."

"Please, Butch, stop torturing me."

"I will when I'm ready." He watched her lips spread open around his cock. She was so small compared to him. Her cl*t peeked out from its hood, begging to be touched. "You're going to have to learn, Cheryl, that I like to be in charge. You can't order me around, not in the bedroom." He stayed silent as he slid back and forward over her clit. It would be so easily to slide further down and f**k her. Butch forced himself to not do that.

He didn't want her pregnant immediately. Children would come in time.

Cheryl growled with frustration. The way he had her open to him, she couldn't move away from him.

"Do you want to come, babe?"

"You know I do."

Caressing her body, he reached up to pinch her ni**les.

"Please, Butch, f**k me."

"I'm not wearing a condom."

"I don't care. Stop torturing me."

He chuckled. Pulling away from the bed, he grabbed a condom from the drawer full he'd bought. Tearing into the foil, he fitted it over his c**k and moved back to the bed. Without waiting for her to respond, he slid in deep. She cried out, arching up. Pressing a hand to her stomach, he kept her in place as he f**ked her. He moved in and out of her. Her pu**y tightened around him as he f**ked her. Butch had no intention of reaching cl**ax. His only desire was for her to get to the brink.

Licking and sucking at her ni**les, he stroked inside her tight warmth. Reaching between them, he worked her clit. Gliding his fingers over her nub had her pu**y tightening around him. Her body shook and when she started to tense up, he pulled away. Withdrawing from her body, he moved to the head of the bed. Quickly removing the cuffs from one wrist, he spun her onto her knees and secured the cuffs back in place. She didn't get a chance to fight him as he had her in place in a matter of moments.

"Get on your knees."

She did as he ordered. Climbing back on the bed, he grabbed the tube of lubrication and squirted enough to coat his fingers. There was plenty in the tube, but he slid his digits over her ass. Cheryl tightened immediately.

"It's okay, baby. I'm going to take care of you. Remember, trust me."

He took his time, applying the lube to her ass. Butch pressed one finger inside her knuckle deep. In and out, he slowly worked the digit past the tight muscles. He heard her breathing slowly, in time with his ministrations. Watching her ass take his finger was turning him the f**k on. Her ass was red from the slaps he'd given her. The smell of her cream made his mouth water. Cheryl was amazing. He couldn't believe he'd found heaven in her.

After she took the first finger without tensing, he started to use the second finger. He took his time, making sure she was with him the whole way. Caressing her back, he ignored the need to simply take her ass and f**k her. This wasn't a quick tumble he wanted. Butch wanted for her to enjoy what he was doing to her, relish it even. He'd take his time, however much she needed to love it.

****

How could having two fingers in her ass feel so wonderful? She'd never been curious about anal sex, or even searched for ways to try it. The times Butch touched her ass she'd felt something strange, something different. The pleasure was there, but it seemed multiplied somehow. None of her reactions made sense, at least to her they didn't.

His fingers inside her went deeper, and she tightened her muscles around his invading digit. She didn't want him to stop.

"Take my fingers, baby. I'm going to add a third one. Don't tense up. I'm not going to hurt you. This is going to make you feel good."

Closing her eyes, she expelled a breath. The cheeks of her ass were warm from the hard spanking he gave her. She loved the way he was taking care of her, even down to when she called herself names. Cheryl wasn't stupid and knew she wasn't the most beautiful or the slenderest of women. There was nothing that made her stand out from the crowd. The only reason she felt any different was the way Butch stared at her. He didn't look through or past her like a lot of men did. His gaze focused on her all the time. When he stared at her, she felt like they were the only two people in the world and nothing bad could touch them.

"You don't have any idea how f**king hot you look taking my fingers. I can't wait to get my c**k in here."

In and out, his three fingers moved together. He spread his fingers out, stretching her ass. When she tensed, he'd stop, caressing the base of her back.

"Don't worry, baby. I'm not going to hurt you. I'm taking my time, letting you enjoy it. How does it feel?" he asked.

"Strange."

"Good strange or bad strange?"

She smiled. "Good strange." She couldn't move her hands, and she liked being tied down unable to move. Butch was completely in control, and she had to give herself over to whatever pleasure or pain he decided to dish out. She loved it. The whole experience heightened her senses.

Butch spread his fingers wider, and the sensation was stronger with the third digit inside her. She winced at the initial pain then moaned as heat washed over her body. He was using her body, exploring her in ways she didn't think was possible.

"You've taken my fingers, baby. I'm going to f**k you with my cock. Don't tense up."

Cheryl heard the movements, the sounds he made as he applied lube to his cock.

"I'm still wearing the condom. I've added more lube. I don't want to hurt you. It's your first time, and I'm using plenty to make it easier for you."

"Do some people not have lube?"

"Some like the added pain of not using as much. I'm not interested in causing you pain. I want you to be screaming in pure pleasure." His hands landed on the cheeks of her ass. Licking her lips, she tried to focus on what he was doing. Being unable to see made it difficult to focus on anything else. What was he doing? What did his face look like when he looked at her?

All these questions and no answers were driving her insane. Butch spread the cheeks of her ass wide.

"I love your ass. It's nice, round, and begging for my cock," he said.

"Please, Butch, stop teasing me."

"I like to tease you." He stroked over her ass, moaning. "You're so beautiful."

"You're staring at my ass."

"And I know a beautiful ass when I see one."

Whack!

She jerked, crying out. The heat bloomed from the location of the smack all the way to her clit.

"Every time you even imply something bad about your body I'm going to punish you. This body, this ass is mine, and I intend to treat it with such love and affection."

Cheryl felt him lean down and lay a kiss to her ass. Jerking at the contact, she tried to look over her shoulder, but the cuffs kept her in place.

Tugging on them, she found it was useless as she had nowhere else to go. She didn't want to get away from him. Cheryl wanted to get involved with what he was doing.

"Your body is mine, Cheryl. I'm going to make you feel so good."

Butch stopped touching her for a second, and she tensed up. There was no sound, not even the movement in the bed.

One hand touched her ass, and then she felt the tip of his cock, wet from the lube, rubbing against the puckered hole of her ass.

Unable to stop her reaction, she tensed up.

"Relax, Cheryl. I'm going to make you feel so good."

Closing her eyes, she took her time, breathing in and out. Slowly, she relaxed all of her muscles, and he pressed the tip harder against her ass. The muscles refused to let him inside, but Butch wouldn't back down. He pushed a little harder.

The first inch of him worked inside her ass. Cheryl cried out at the dual sensation of his c**k working in her ass and the pain. Both exploded together creating something incredible. With her hands locked together, she couldn't grip onto anything. She was completely at the mercy of what Butch was doing to her.

"Fuck, you're so tight."

He worked another inch inside her. With each inch, the pleasure took over. She wanted to thrust back to take more of him. Butch held onto her hips, keeping her in place.

"You're not going anywhere, babe."

"Please, Butch."

"Does it hurt?" he asked, pushing the last inch of him inside. "You've got me all."

"No, it doesn't hurt." It didn't hurt. She couldn't even begin to describe the kind of sensation he'd created within her. There was pleasure, the feeling of fullness, a sharp bite of pain, and it all crashed together and she wanted more.

He swiveled his h*ps driving out then deep inside her ass.

"You should see how hot this is. Your ass has opened around my cock. It knows what it wants, and I'm more than happy to give you what you want, baby."

There were no words for her. She was simply a vessel for Butch.

"Please," she said, begging him for more.

His grip on her h*ps tightened, and he started to thrust in and out of her ass. Each time he pulled out a little more and slammed inside her a little harder. She loved the bite, the feel of him thrusting inside her.

"Do you want me to stop?"

"No, please don't stop. I need you to make me come, Butch."

One of his hands left her hip, and then he was fingering her clit. He pinched the tight bud before stroking over it.

"You're so responsive to a little pain," he said.

She didn't know what she was, only that she loved every little thing that he did to her body.

Over and over, he f**ked her ass, making her moan and cry out.

The touch on her cl*t didn't let up, and he sent her into an earth shattering cl**ax. She screamed her pleasure for him to hear. The sounds echoed off the walls, bouncing back to them. She collapsed onto the bed in time to hear and feel the kick of his c**k and the grunt of his own completion.

Butch collapsed over her, breathing heavily.

She loved the weight of him surrounding her. Glancing up, she watched him remove the cuffs securing her wrists. He rubbed her wrists, taking care of her.

"I love you, baby."

"And I you." She let out a sigh.

Cheryl was going to be his wife. Smiling, she waited for him to withdraw from her body.

"I'll be back in a second. Please don't move. I'm going to wash you and take care of you."

Rolling to her side, she watched his ass disappear from view. She was totally in love with him and didn't want to have to face life without him.

Butch came back into the room. He lifted her from the bed, securing her in his arms with ease.

"What are you doing?"

"I'm going to take care of you."

He walked into the bathroom, showing her in more ways than one exactly how he wanted to take care of her.

****

Alex sat in his room at the clubhouse. It was a modest room considering he enjoyed living in luxury whenever he went to his Vegas casino. He ran a finger over his lip as he stared at the two pictures he'd refused to look at. Whizz had given them to him. There was a picture of Cheryl and Matthew. The two people he should have helped in the world but refused to.

He'd gone to the church to pray for his niece, Tate. She'd been in danger, and he didn't have a clue if she'd ever make it out of danger alive. Praying had never helped in the past, but when it came to Tate, he was willing to do everything in his power to keep her safe. Alex hadn't been able to save his own sister from cancer. Money didn't buy anything, and it hadn't brought him a family.

The only family he had was this club and whatever Tiny allowed him. He was part of Tiny's life even though he didn't have to be. Eva didn't need to refer to him as Uncle or even allow her children to associate with him. In his life he'd done a lot of shit he'd not been proud of. He'd killed, sold, and f**ked his way to the top taking out every man and woman who got in his way.

This little boy was his son. He saw himself in the picture. Alex had enough pictures from his childhood to know what he looked like. Fucking Cheryl had made for an amazing weekend. She'd been a virgin, and he'd taken something from her, he never should have been allowed to take.

Picking up his glass of brandy, he couldn't tear his gaze away from the images in front of him. For three years he'd failed both of them. There was no love lost between him and Cheryl. Their moment had come and gone years ago. He didn't love her. Alex didn't love any woman.

"It makes it harder to walk away when you know what they look like, doesn't it?" Tiny asked.

Turning around, he saw Tiny standing in the doorway of his room.

"I thought I shut that door."

"You've been up here all night. I was concerned after everything that happened." Tiny closed the door, sitting down on the edge of the bed.

Looking over the top of the picture, Alex stared at his former brother-in-law.

"I'm not like Kelsey. I'm not going to attempt to off myself. I happen to like my life," he said.

"What happened?" Tiny asked.

Letting out a breath, Alex stared at the picture of his son.

"I didn't think about her or what happened. Shit happened. Life happened in the club." He shook his head. "I've got a son."

"Yeah, and what you're going to do about it?"

Alex shrugged. "I don't know what I'm going to do about it. Butch loves Cheryl. I don't."

"She's the mother of your son."

"I know that." Alex sighed. "I can't do this to Cheryl or to Butch."

"You're not going to claim her?"

"No. I'll acknowledge my son, but I will not come between them, Tiny. Matthew is going to have everything that is mine. Cheryl and Butch can make all the decisions in his life. I lost the right to that a long time ago. I don't deserve to speak up. If they stay in Fort Wills all I'm going to ask is for the right to see my son. I won't make waves or cause problems."

"Shit's about to hit the fan," Tiny said.

"I know. We can only hope none of them get caught in the crossfire."

Chapter Thirteen

Cheryl pushed the hair out of her face at the same time as walking toward the door. Matthew was in his high chair as she was making a batch of cookies. Her mother was out today, and Cheryl was off while Butch finished up the deals for the florist shop. She couldn't believe he wanted to actually buy her a shop of her own.

You're going to marry him.

Whenever she thought about his marriage proposal, she couldn't help but smile. Butch was a lot of things, but romance wasn't his forte.

Opening the door, she paused when she saw who was there.

"Hey, Cheryl," Alex said.

"What are you doing here?" she asked, folding her arms over her chest.

He glanced down at her folded arms then back up at her face. "We need to talk. Can I come in?"

"I don't think that's wise. Butch isn't here, and I know he'll want to be here."

"Butch's not part of the club anymore, princess."

"Don't call me that," she said. He'd called her princess when they first met.

Alex sighed. "Look, we've got business to discuss that has nothing to do with the club and everything to do with the fact I'm your kid's dad."

"I don't want you to come in here."

He glanced down at the ground. "You're pissed. I get that. I know I don't deserve any kind of shit from you. I'm lucky to have gotten this. We need to talk."

She shook her head, reaching for the door. "You gave up that right three years ago." Cheryl tried to shut the door, but he wouldn't let her.

"I can make life difficult for Butch if you don't let me in."

Pausing, she stared up at him. "Why would you do that?"

"I'll do whatever I need to, Cheryl."

"There's nothing you can do to him or to me." She went to shut the door on him. His next words held her in place.

"If you don't let me in then I'll sue you for full custody."

Sick to her stomach, she stared at him, not sure what the hell to do. "There's no way a lawyer or judge would grant you that. You abandoned us."

Alex shrugged. "I've got money and enough resources to get what I want. You won't have a leg to stand on. They'll give Matthew to me, and I'll make sure you never see him again."

"You can't do that."

"Not only can I do that, I will."

Cheryl pressed a hand to her stomach, feeling the knots starting to form. Staring into his eyes, she knew he was telling the truth, and there would be no way for her to ever see her son again.

Biting her lip, she took a step back letting the door open.

He passed through the door, buttoning up his suit jacket. "Where is he?" he asked.

"Who?"

"My son."

Was that emotion she detected in his voice? Closing the door, she pointed down the corridor. "He's in the kitchen. Please, be gentle with him. He doesn't know who you are."

Alex was already heading down the corridor toward the kitchen. Rubbing her hands down her skirt, Cheryl had no choice but to follow him. He stopped just inside the kitchen door. She went on her toes to have a look to see what distracted him.

Matthew was coloring in the book Butch bought him.

"He's so tiny."

"He's three. Three year old boys are supposed to be small." She brushed past him, opening the oven door to see the latest batch of cookies was burnt. Putting them on the side, she blew out a breath.

Turning back to face Alex she saw he was still staring at his son.

"Why didn't you come back to see me?" she asked.

He returned his gaze to her.

"You're not going to like the answer."

"I don't have to like it. I need to know."

"I didn't care enough to come back."

There was no pain at his words, which he had yelled.

"You do not get to raise your voice to me. I know I was a little fun while you were depressed, but you knew the condom broke-"

"Should we be having this conversation here, now?"

"Three years I waited to see you. You've known about Matthew for a good week, and yet you're only turning up now. You don't have the right to threaten or question me. I want answers, and I want them now."

"I can take him away," Alex threatened.

"Butch asked me to marry him. Try to take Matthew away. He's been more of a father to Matthew than you ever have." She stepped to her son, stroking his head. He looked up at her with tears in his eyes. "I'm sorry, baby. I'll stop yelling." Kissing his cheek, she looked at Alex. He looked torn.

"You're marrying Butch?"

"I love him."

"Do you really?"

"Yes, I really do. I didn't ask him to leave The Skulls or change who he is. I happen to like him the way he is."

"The Skulls can keep him safe and you."

"Are we in danger?" she asked, folding her arms.

"It's The Skulls, we happen to be attracted to danger." Alex ran fingers through his hair as he looked around the small space. "I knew the condom broke, but shit was about to get serious. I didn't think about telling you, and then time slipped by me and I forgot."

His words didn't hurt her. She thought about Alex but only when it came to her son knowing his father.

"When Butch left The Skulls I didn't know you were the same Cheryl until I saw you at the fair. I knew I needed to make myself known."

"What are you hoping to achieve?" she asked.

"We want Butch back at the club. I wanted to make sure you were not the one holding him back."

"I would never do that," she said, getting angry at him.

"I know that now. Look, I'm sorry for all of this. I didn't want to come here for us to argue." He held his hand out.

"Why did you come?" She looked down at Matthew, stroking his head. He'd need a haircut soon.

"I want to be involved in my son's life. I've got a right to know him and for him to know me."

"Is this a split second decision where you finally decide to be a parent then leave when it suits you?" She wouldn't have him coming in and out of Matthew's life, building his hopes up then dismissing them.

"I won't do that to him."

She saw the truth in his eyes. "Why?"

"Look, I've been an ass**le, I know all of this. You don't need to throw it in my face every chance you get." He looked left and right.

"You threatened to take my son away from me."

"What?" Butch asked.

Cheryl hadn't heard Butch enter. He stood just behind Alex looking ready to commit murder.

"What the f**k is going on?" Butch asked. He carried the helmet he always made her wear under his arm.

"I'm trying to get to know my son. You can stay well out of it," Alex said.

"You threatened to take her son away? When are you going to be a f**king man and simply ask?" Butch asked.

"Please, don't fight. I don't want him to get used to watching that." She picked Matthew up. Staring at Alex, she saw his gaze was on their son. "I know you mean well, but this is going to take time. I don't want to be a bitch. If you want to see him then don't threaten to take him away from me." She carried him through to the sitting room, then back past the corridor and upstairs. There was no way she was sticking around to see Butch and Alex argue whatever issues they had with each other.

Stepping into Matthew's room, she closed the door.

Sitting down on the edge of the bed, she pulled out his favorite story and began to read to him.

"Who was that man?" Matthew asked.

Closing her eyes, she took a deep breath. "He was your father, baby."

He was silent for several seconds. She didn't know if his silence was a blessing or a curse.

"Love you, Mommy."

"I love you, too, baby." She kissed his head. Looking down at her son, she finished reading his book.

****

Placing the helmet on the table, Butch glared at Alex. The last thing he expected was to see the man in his home. "What the f**k are you doing here?"

"I was trying to talk with Cheryl."

Staring down the length of the other man, Butch sneered. Alex always dressed in the fancy designer suits, rarely wearing his leather cut.

"You were hoping to talk with Cheryl by threatening to take her son away."

At least Alex had the grace to look down at the floor. Butch respected him. He respected all of The Skulls. Since leaving the club, he'd been thinking about them more and more. He wanted to go back, yet he held himself away for fear of what it would all mean. With Cheryl he was a good man. He stayed out of danger even though he'd bailed the club out of jail a week or so ago.

"I didn't know how to get her to see me. I was concerned and willing to use everything at my disposal."

Nodding, Butch let out the anger he'd been containing. He slammed his fist into Alex's face. With one blow Alex was on the floor, covering his eye.

"Fuck! I should have the cops throw your ass in jail."

"Go ahead, do it, f**ker. I wouldn't do this shit if you'd stop with throwing shit out of your mouth. I'm going to marry that woman. Cheryl is going to be my wife, and I'll love her just like I'll love her son." Butch had thought long and hard about asking her to marry him. He didn't want to rush into a decision then live to regret it.

"I'm not after Cheryl."

"You'll treat her with some goddamn respect, or I swear I'll f**king kill you here and now. I heard how you were talking about her. I don't give a f**k if you knew it was her or not. The fact is, you were disrespecting my woman. Got it?" He took a step back so he wouldn't lash out.

"I got it." Alex started laughing. "You left The Skulls, and yet you still use your fists to be heard."

"I suggest you shut the f**k up." Butch watched Alex get to his feet.

"I'm used to getting what I want. I came here in the hope of mending fences. Cheryl didn't deserve what I did to her. I should have made sure she was well looked after and that there were no consequences from that night. I didn't. I'm the one who f**ked up. I know this, and I know I've got to put it right." Alex kept his eye covered. "I've never had a son. Matthew, he's mine whether you marry Cheryl or not, and I want to do right by him."

"What are you asking for?" Butch asked, placing hands on hips.

"I want to get to know my son. He's mine. I have a right to know him."

Gritting his teeth, Butch looked away from him. He couldn't deny Alex his right to know his son. No man could deny that of another father, not even him. "I'm not coming back to The Skulls."

"Believe it or not, Butch, this trip had nothing to do with the club. This trip was about me." Alex removed his hand. His eye was starting to darken.

"Sorry about your eye."

"No, you're not." Alex smiled. "This has nothing to do with The Skulls or you. I'm here to make an arrangement with Cheryl so I can see Matthew. Now, that will involve him meeting the other kids in the club."

Butch stared at him wondering what he should do. Matthew deserved to grow up with friends.

"Sure, providing you're not going to make a claim on Cheryl."

"I'm not. You're marrying her though."

"Yes. I proposed, and she accepted." Butch puffed his chest out, feeling happier with having Cheryl on his side.

"Congratulations." Alex glanced at his watch. "Can I see my son now?"

Seeing no reason to put him off any further, Butch led Alex upstairs. He heard Cheryl reading to Matthew. Opening the door, he nodded at her. She smiled and sat up in bed.

"Go on in. Do not hurt him," Butch said, warning the other man.

Not wanting to see the introductions, he made his way back downstairs. Taking one of the cookies off the tray, he took a bite out of one and winced. They were rock hard and burnt.

"You shouldn't eat those," Cheryl said, leaning against the doorframe.

"Why didn't you throw them in the trash?" He filled a glass full with water. After two glasses, the rancid taste was still in his mouth.

"They were too hot to throw out. I'd have set fire to the trashcans and caused more problems." She giggled, stepping up closer to him. Cheryl wrapped her arms around his waist. "I love you."

Caressing her hands, he glanced down at her. "I love you, too."

"I noticed the shiner on his eye. You hit him?"

"Yeah, he annoyed me. Alex always finds a way to piss me off. I think he's got a talent for it."

She laughed, stepping back. He picked up the tray of cookies and dumped them in the trash outside.

"They were that bad?" she asked.

"Baby, they were the worst tasting things you've ever made." Opening the fridge, he pulled out some spread and started making himself up a sandwich. "Do you want one?"

She shook her head.

"You've gone quiet on me, baby." He turned toward her.

"I don't know. I'm just nervous, I guess. What he said was all true."

"About what?" He took a large bite of his sandwich feeling ravenous.

"Taking Matthew away. I don't know what I'd do if he ever tried to do it. I love my son."

Putting his food down, he took hold of her hands, drawing her in close against him. "I want you to look at me, baby."

Butch waited until her gaze was focused on him.

"I love you."

"And I love you."

He'd never get tired of hearing her say the words to him. "Then you've got to learn to trust me. I'm not going to let Alex take your kid away. The Skulls wouldn't even allow it. If you were a drug user and sold your body for drugs, then maybe, but you don't." He leaned in to kiss her head. She looked up, and he took possession of her mouth instead.

"He won't take Matthew away?"

Looking toward the door and recalling the look on Alex's face, Butch shook his head. "No, he won't. Alex is a lot of things, but he's not a bastard who'll separate mother and child. You're a brilliant mother, Cheryl. You've gotten through harsh times, and he should respect that." He pressed a finger to her lips to stop her from talking. "Don't interrupt. Alex was saying that stuff to get in the house. He needed you to think that was what was going to happen."

Running his hands down her back, Butch rubbed his aching c**k against her stomach.

"I'm sorry. The thought of losing my son freaks me out. I love him so much. I don't want to lose him."

"We're not going to."

She nodded.

"Good, now kiss me." He leaned down, brushing his lips against hers. She melted against him. Her fingers teased the hairs at the back of his neck as he gripped her plump, lush ass. He couldn't wait until they were alone and he could f**k her once again.

Cheryl pulled away first. "How did the job hunt go today?"

He'd stopped renting and given the keys back to the landlord who'd been willing to take him on. Butch moved all of his crap into Cheryl's small home. Butch had been surprised by how little he actually owned. Instead of worrying about what he had, he started to buy better furniture for the house. He'd also been in talks with the bank in the hope of owning this place with Cheryl.

"Not good. I can't get back in the cafe, and I had to pay them over a thousand bucks in replacement cutlery. Who knew plates, cups, and dishes could be so expensive." He ate his sandwich, watching as she put away the stuff he used. Butch was happy to clean up after himself, but he loved watching her move.

"Go figure. I'm surprised it's such a small amount," she said, turning back toward him. "Why don't you go back to The Skulls?"

"Did Alex put you up to asking me?"

"No. You were happier when we first met working with them. They're your family. You can't just cut them off because you want to."

"I can cut them off, and I have. I'm not going to be controlled in what I do." He folded his arms. She raised a brow at his gesture.

"You're acting really immature," she said.

"Can we drop this?"

"Sure, we can drop it, and then in ten years you can blame me for forcing you to give up everything you love about being in the club." She folded her arms underneath her br**sts. He couldn't help but look at them. The shirt she wore showcased her cle**age off to perfection.

"I'm not going to blame you."

"We'll see."

Her answer annoyed him.

"I'm not going to blame you."

Cheryl stared at him. "Okay, I want you to consider the fact that you gave up the club for me."

He went to open his mouth, but she stopped him from talking by placing a hand in front of his lips.

"You can say you didn't, yet it was the moment we met that you started to think about it, didn't you?"

Butch couldn't argue with her.

"I'm not angry with you, Butch." She placed her palm over his heart. "I love the man you are." Cheryl smiled. "Not the person you think I want."

"Baby, the club is deeply dangerous."

She shrugged. "I don't care. I really don't care. I love you, Butch. I want to be with you. Matthew can never get away from the club. Alex is his father. Will you do something for me?" she asked.

"Anything."

"Good. I want you to think about your life with the club. Please, take the time to think about it and then make a decision on whether to leave The Skulls or not."

He cupped her face, tilting her head back to look at him. "I know I love you."

"I hope it's enough."

Dropping his lips down to hers, Butch silenced her with a kiss. He hoped it was enough as well.

****

Fredrick took a large bite of the juicy steak and moaned. One of the women he'd brought in from abroad was lying beside him waiting until he wanted to f**k her again. There were times he loved using the women who earned him enough to make a good living. Once he finished with his food, he picked the tray up and left the room. If she thought about moving or touching his things, she'd been trained to expect pain. He catered to everything a man desired, even crap he hated himself.

"Beautiful steak, remember to tip the chef," he said. Ronald nodded from where he sat eating his own hamburger.

Pouring himself a shot of bourbon he looked around the room. "Homer still not returned?"

"Not yet. I imagine he'll be back within a matter of minutes." Ronald finished his food, standing up to place the containers in the trash.

"Why do you eat that crap? It's awful stuff." No matter where he was in the world, Frederick always loved a good home cooked meal. He made sure he stayed in the classiest of hotels or at least paid a chef to cook for him. Ronald always paid for a burger at the local takeout place. Rarely did he indulge in a decent meal.

"A lifetime spent eating home cooked food. I've developed a need for all things easy." Ronald shrugged. "Was the bitch worth the money?"

"Yes. Are you keeping an eye on the clubhouse?"

"Nothing new is happening. They're f**king boring when they've got an enemy. Why are we doing this again, boss?"

"Because I want what others have failed to get. I want Fort Wills, and I want to own Tiny and The Skulls. They think they're better than everyone else. It's time they were brought down a peg or two."

Homer walked into the room, whistling.

Turning to his other man, Frederick waited.

"Job's done. Bitch thought she was being clever. We now have two bodies without heads in storage and the two heads on ice for when we're ready." Homer reached for a burger as Ronald looked pale.

"Fuck, how could you eat after that?" Ronald asked.

"Killing bitches doesn't bother me. Now slaughtering a dog will upset me. At least they're loyal."

The reason Frederick employed Homer was the fact he'd killed his wife when he discovered her in bed with another man. Homer had tortured both of them, then killed them without a moment's regret. Frederick had a lot of respect for the man.

"Fuck, man, you're sick," Ronald said, flicking through the television.

Both of the men with him had their qualities. Ronald got him all the information he needed without leaving a trail while Homer left a trail.

"Get ready to mail the heads. I've got a feeling victory is around the corner." Frederick poured the other two men a glass of bourbon. Clinking glasses together, he nodded at his men then made his way back to the woman waiting.

Closing the door, he stared at the woman in his bed. Tears fell from her eyes, turning him on.

"Spread your legs, bitch. It's time to earn your keep."

Chapter Fourteen

Inhaling the rose blooms, Cheryl smiled as she glanced around the florist shop. With time she'd make changes and advance the business from selling flowers to going into more of a retail outlet. She loved being around flowers, maybe chocolates as well. Cheryl wasn't sure what would be a good business incentive. For the past couple of days life had been going well. Butch was still looking for work, but they'd made progress with his time at The Skulls. He talked about what he loved, what he hated, sharing everything with her.

She took the time to listen to him talk. He didn't hold anything back from her, which she was thankful for. Butch told her about the women he'd been with and the life on the road. When he told her about the danger he and the club faced she'd been scared. Throughout it all, she'd been scared by what he admitted to. There was no way anyone could survive so much, and yet he had.

The club was part of Butch. She really hoped he saw the truth and didn't argue with her about it. He'd not caused any problems with Alex spending time with Matthew. From the day he'd asked to be part of his son's life, Alex made time every day to come and see him. Cheryl didn't mind his presence in her life. He'd not tried to interfere with his care. In fact, he'd offered to look after him. She made the introductions with her mother.

Her mother was charmed by Alex but still put him through the ringer for leaving her. She didn't mind. Her mother knew she wasn't going to pick Alex over anyone.

"Hello."

Cheryl pulled out of her thoughts turning to look at the person. Eva stood in the doorway. The other woman looked sad.

"Eva, I'm so sorry. I was lost in my own thoughts." She wiped her hands down her apron, going behind the counter.

"I figured as much. You were smiling, so that must have been a good thought."

"It was. For some strange reason my life is actually going well." Cheryl tucked some hair behind her ear.

"I'm glad it is for someone."

Cheryl frowned, looking at the other woman.

"Anyway, I'm actually here to invite you to a picnic. We're all going out to the new park, and there's going to be some events for us all to earn money for charity." Eva started going through her bag and pulled out a leaflet.

She took it from her and read through it. "It's for kids?"

"Yes, it's to help children overcome illness. Tiny likes to go and be part of events that helps others. He helped the town, and now he wants to help others." Eva smiled, and it didn't reach her eyes.

"Are you okay?" Cheryl asked.

Eva was a sparkly personality, and the woman before her didn't show any of that right now.

"Life is just being hard at the moment. It's club business, but it's hard. I heard Alex is making progress with you and your son."

"He is. They're getting along well. Butch is keeping his fists to himself," Cheryl said, feeling the heat fill her cheeks at the memory of the bruise on Alex's face along with the broken nose. She was going to have to talk with Butch. He may have been part of the club once, but he wasn't anymore, and he needed to stop hurting men who could make his life difficult. "Why didn't Alex press charges or anything?" Cheryl asked, curious.

"Butch may not be part of the club, but it's club business. Alex won't go and tattle for a beating. It takes more to rattle his cage."

"That's nice of him."

"Not really, they're all hoping Butch will come back."

"I just hope they don't attack each other again," Cheryl said.

"Men, you can't take them anywhere. Knowing Alex, he deserved whatever you threw at him." Eva blew some hair out of her face.

"We're doing good." Glancing at the leaflet, she licked her lips. "This would be fun. Butch will come with me."

"That's fine. Come and enjoy some food. I want us to be friends, Cheryl, even if Butch doesn't come back to the club." Eva took a step back. "I'll leave you to it."

Frowning, she watched Eva leave the shop, and she placed the leaflet on the counter. Two hours later Alex walked in with Matthew in his arms.

"Hey," she said.

"Hey, this little guy wanted to see his mommy."

She took Matthew from his arms, cuddling him close.

"Eva dropped by," she said, bouncing from side to side.

"About the picnic?" Alex took a seat on the only available stool. Cheryl didn't mind. She'd been sitting for a lot of the morning going through the books.

"Yeah, I've got to see Butch before I can confirm our answer. I'm sure we'll be there."

"Great, you've got to bring some food with you as well. It's like a potluck event." Alex pulled out his cell phone and started messaging on it.

"Sure." She kissed Matthew's cheek as she went around the counter to read from the book. Her son settled against her as Alex stood.

"I've got to head out."

"Eva didn't look right. Is everything okay?" she asked, concerned for her friend.

"I don't want to piss you off, honey. It's club business, and you're not an old lady."

Nodding, Cheryl let out a sigh. "Butch isn't part of the club, so I can't help out."

"No, you can't. Sorry."

"No problem. I'll see you at the picnic." No matter what Butch said she was going. She kept Matthew with her for the rest of the day not even bothering to phone her mother. Humming to herself, she served the occasional customer while also keeping an eye on her son.

She asked some of the customers if there was anything else they would like from her shop. Ideas were fired at her, and she wrote every single one of them down. She had a whole file of ideas by the time Butch entered.

His arms were held up in surrender. "I've just got a call from Tate. We're going to that picnic. I swear, that woman gets louder week after f**king week."

Cheryl chuckled as he covered his ears. He rounded the counter, tugging her into his arms. She would never get bored of this. Butch surrounded her with warmth and love.

"I want to go."

"Then we'll go." He kissed the top of her head, dropping down to claim her lips. "Fuck, baby, I want to take you home."

"We can't." She pointed into the office where Matthew was playing with some toys she kept stored in her bag.

"Alex couldn't hack the whole day?"

"Nah, Matthew missed his mommy." She smiled, proud of her son even though she wasn't jealous of Alex's new status in his life.

"I've got a delivery for Cheryl Barnes?"

Glancing toward the door she saw the driver of a reputable company.

"That's me."

"I need you to sign here, doll." She pulled out of Butch's arms and signed her name taking the box, which was quite heavy.

"What is it?" she asked.

"I don't know. We get the orders and paid to make a delivery as soon as possible." The man tipped his hat to her and left the shop as quickly as he entered. Lifting the box onto the counter, she tore into the seal. The cardboard fell away. The box looked more like a cool box that she'd seen in medical dramas for organs.

Curiosity getting the better of her, she opened the lid and screamed. She couldn't stop screaming, stepping away from the counter. Covering her eyes, she tried to stop herself from looking.

"Baby, what is it?" Butch asked.

"The box, what is it? Who would do such a thing?" She pressed her head to his chest, trying to forget about what she'd just seen.

"Cheryl, honey, I need to check it out. Please, go into the office, and I'll deal with this."

Nodding, she pulled Matthew into her arms, rocking him as she tried to forget about the box and what she'd seen. If she could gouge out her eyes, she would.

It's okay. Butch will fix everything. Whoever's head it was, she hoped they didn't suffer before it was taken from them. Bending over, she reached for the trash can and threw up inside it.

****

Butch knew who the head belonged to. He didn't have time to lose his shit. Cheryl needed him now more than ever before. Closing the box, he pulled his cell phone out and dialed Tiny's number.

"What do you want, Butch?" Tiny asked.

"A head has just been delivered to Cheryl's place at the florist. I need you all here to take it away."

"Fuck, seriously?"

"Yeah." Butch glanced behind him, watching Cheryl vomit into the trash can behind her. Matthew stood up and rubbed her back. "Her son is here. I need to get them away."

"This has nothing to do with us."

Butch silently cursed. This was the kind of shit he didn't want. The Skulls had the resources to move this, and he didn't. Join them. "It's Frederick's work."

Tiny paused, and silence filled the space.

"How do you know?" he asked.

"Remember me telling you about the doctor who helped me?"

"Yes."

"Her head is here in the box. He's moving up, Tiny. How do you know he won't go after your women next or mine? Gonzalez is unpredictable." Running a hand down his face, he tried to clear his thoughts.

"Fine. Alex and I will be there to get it, but you f**king owe us."

He hung up the phone and hid the box underneath the counter. Hanging up the closed sign, he went back to his woman. Helping Matthew, he rubbed her back.

"What's wrong with Mommy?"

"She's just being a little sick." Cheryl curled around him when she finished.

"I'm sorry," she said.

"Don't be sorry for feeling sick. It would be strange for you to not be feeling sick." He kissed the top of her head.

You've got to go back to the club.

It's not right asking them for help.

Gritting his teeth, he held Cheryl tighter against him. He didn't know how much time had passed before the door was being banged on. Releasing her, he let Tiny and Alex inside. "I'm going to take Cheryl and Matthew home. I have the car today, and I'll come back."

Join them again. They're your future and will always be your future.

"We'll wait for you," Tiny said.

Within half an hour, Butch was back on the road heading toward the shop. He didn't know what the club expected him to do. When he pulled up outside of the shop he saw Nash's and Murphy's bikes parked outside the door.

Entering the shop, he saw they were all talking, and they stopped when he entered.

"Frederick used a reputable company. I saw the van and the guy who delivered. This was done as a message," Butch said, folding his arms.

"Why? You're not a Skull. Why is Frederick playing with you?" Nash asked.

"He's going to tie up a loose end. I'm a loose end from his father's day." Butch let out a breath. "I want to come back. I need to come back," he said.

The whole club paused as they looked at him.

"What?" Tiny asked.

"I can't protect my woman alone. This was the biggest f**king mistake I made." He ran a hand down his face, cursing. Ever since he left, he knew he should have come back. Stupidity, stubborn pride, and being a pain in the ass had stopped him from taking that next step.

"How do we know you're not going to pull out again when we help you?" Nash asked. "You're not exactly trustworthy right now."

The knowledge of their doubt hurt, but Butch knew he couldn't do anything about it. This is what I caused.

"Gonzalez is from my past. I don't want you guys to end up like my father's MC did. He took them all out as if they were nothing more than bugs. Gonzalez's son is the same. I don't know what he's expecting, but I think it would be best if we're all on guard and I come back to the club." He was bringing danger to Cheryl and Matthew. Gritting his teeth, he tried to deny the truth, but all he could see was the trouble he caused. He couldn't protect them alone. He needed The Skulls, now more than ever before. Butch was better at taking care of Cheryl and Matthew with The Skulls than on his own.

"What is your advice?" Tiny asked.

"Don't go to the picnic."

Alex shook his head. "You know we can't do that. We spend a shitload of money and are expected to be there."

"Eva's already invited Cheryl. You're not going to stop the women from enjoying their day," Tiny said. "I'm not going to tell my woman to stop."

"It's dangerous."

"We're being investigated, Butch. Our money has been put on hold. The cash we're getting is coming from Eva's f**king father. He's supporting us and the club right now. Do you f**king know what that feels like?" Tiny yelled the words, his face red. "I promised him I'd take care of his daughter, and so far, she's been in nothing but pain. I'm pissed off."

"Tiny, calm down," he said.

"No, you don't get to tell me to calm down, you little shit. You couldn't even stick this life out." Tiny threw his hand out. "All of us have social workers on our backs. The cops are checking everything out. I'm keeping Lash and Angel out of this, but they're only going to stay in Italy for so long. I can't let them come back to this life."

The raw emotion in Tiny's face was clear to see. He was hurting, and he was hurting bad.

"I'm sorry."

"I don't need to hear that you're sorry, Butch. I need a man with a f**king backbone, and right now that's not you. You're offering to come back, and yet how do we know you're not going to bail on us again?"

Butch tightened his fists. What could he do to prove to them he was serious? He stared at the floor, seeing the box that had caused Cheryl to throw up. This flower shop had emptied out his account. He had enough money to get him by. If he went back to the life, she'd be exposed in more ways than one. Yes, he caused this, but what about the future? He wouldn't always be the cause. Other brothers had problems, and over the years they'd all dealt with them. But she'd be surrounded by women who knew the danger they faced. Eva, Angel, Sophia, Prue, even Tate, knew what the life was like. Cheryl wouldn't be alone anymore, and she'd have other women to be with.

"I can leave you to handle this, but I want back in," Butch said, turning away.

"That's it. How do we know we can trust your work?" Nash asked. "You've not exactly been a good enough friend the past few months to take your word for it."

Pain exploded inside him. "I f**ked up months ago. I know that." He threw the keys at Tiny. "I'm a civilian now, but I'm begging for a chance." He glanced around the shop. "I bought this place for Cheryl. It was a gift as I'm going to marry her." Licking his lips, she stared at Tiny. "I'll give it to The Skulls, and Cheryl can work for you. Any money this place makes, apart from Cheryl's salary goes back to the club."

"How does this work?" Tiny asked, glancing down at the keys.

"I'm not going to leave The Skulls knowing this place belongs to you."

"If this doesn't make any money, we're back to square one," Zero said.

"Cheryl will make sure this place earns its keep. She's a hard worker and loyal." He stared at Alex. "She's the one who has been trying to get me to come back to you. Cheryl trusts you, and she knows me."

"What if she leaves town?" Alex asked.

"She won't leave town. The only time she considered it was when you turned back up. Cheryl's not the running kind."

"Unlike you?" Nash asked, pointing at him.

"I deserve all the shit you want to throw at me. I'll let you make a decision on what you want to do with me. You can own this shop, and I'll talk with Cheryl about it. I'll do all the shit a prospect does. I want back in, and I promise you, I won't back out." He moved toward the door, breaking inside at the fact they didn't snap him back up. This is your fault, shithead. "Deliver the keys to Cheryl's. You know the address, and I'll leave you to clean up the mess. I'll wait for your decision."

He turned away knowing they were going to make him wait for an answer, but he was done running away. The club was his life and would always be part of him. Closing the door behind him, he climbed into his car and drove home. Cheryl was on the sofa with Matthew asleep curled up to her. He slid down, wrapping his arms around her.

"You're back."

"Yeah, I'm back." He let out a sigh, wishing the club had accepted him back into the fold.

"What's the matter?"

"I asked for my spot back at the club. I want to be a Skull again."

Cheryl smiled. "That's amazing, Butch. You're a Skull."

"They've not accepted me back yet," he said. "I've got to wait for them to make a decision."

"I don't blame them. You can't just change your mind when it suits them."

"There's more," he said.

"What is it?" she asked.

"I promised to give them the shop." The smile on her face fell. "Please, let me explain. They wanted to know how they could trust me to not leave when all this shit is over. I promised them the shop so they knew I'd stay. Wherever you are, I'll always be."

"I don't like the fact you did that," Cheryl said.

"I know, baby."

She blew out a breath. "If they give you back your patch then I'm happy about it."

"Are you sure?" he asked.

"Yeah, I love you, Butch. If that means The Skulls own the shop and I run it, I'll be fine with it. I get to stay with you."

"You're so f**king sweet. I don't deserve you, but I'm going to do everything in my power to make it up to you." He leaned down, kissing her head.

The turmoil inside him refused to go away. He knew he'd made a mistake, but he was prepared to take all of the club's shit to get back there. It was the only way for him to protect Cheryl and Matthew.

Chapter Fifteen

"We don't have to go," Butch said.

Cheryl finished wrapping up the lasagna she'd baked, glaring at him. "I want to go."

"It's part of the club, baby. We could stay in, watch some movies, have some fun."

"Matthew's home with us. I've told him about the picnic, and he's excited. We're going whether you want to or not. They'll get back to you, Butch, don't give up." She gave him a smile then turned toward him. He'd been concerned about her ever since she had seen the head in the box. She couldn't think about it like that and chose to pretend nothing was different. The last couple of days she'd been speaking to Eva, and the other woman helped her get through the visible nasty of it all. "Eva's expecting us. I know you don't want to be part of the club, but I like her." Butch still hadn't heard anything back from the club, and they were both waiting to hear news.

He groaned. "It just figures. I quit the club, and you're okay with the women there."

Chuckling, she wrapped her arms around his waist. "I love you, Butch. I'd never ask you to choose between the two, and they're going to let you back. You deserve this waiting period."

Butch cupped her cheek tilting her head back. "You're going to drive me crazy. You should be on my side." He kissed her lips, and she opened her mouth for him to slide his tongue inside. They groaned together. One of his hands ran down her back to cup her ass. "Fuck, I need you."

She felt the evidence of how much he needed her pressed to her stomach.

"When we get home Matthew will be exhausted. I'll take care of your needs then, and I'm on your side. I just know when you're wrong."

"Baby, that better be a f**king promise 'cause it's the only way I'm going to get through this picnic, and I'm never wrong."

Kissing him on the lips once again, she smiled. "It's a promise. I'll take care of your needs, and you'll come to the picnic. It's a pretty fair trade off, and you can be wrong."

He groaned but no longer in pleasure. "Fine, I'll come along without causing a problem." Fingers sank into her hair, and he pulled her against him. "You better remember who you belong to."

Tapping his chest, she pressed another kiss to his lips. "I do." She noticed he didn't make another comment about his wrong opinion. Cheryl must have won that round.

Butch grabbed the food while she collected Matthew's belongings. Together they walked out of their home and started toward the main part of town where the picnic was going to be held. He took hold of her hand, and the warmth went through her body. Heat bloomed inside her pu**y, making it hard for her to focus on anything other than Butch.

"I know what you're thinking about," he said.

She glanced at him, but his gaze was on her br**sts.

"Mine." He mouthed the words so only she could see.

Shaking her head, she started to smile. Butch made her feel like she was the most beautiful woman in the world. The walk was a slow one. After a time she picked Matthew up so he wouldn't be tired by the time they got to the fair. He didn't struggle, and once there she went straight for Eva. The other woman looked refreshed and happy, unlike the last time she'd seen her.

"Hey, Cheryl," Eva said.

The other women in the group greeted her. She took in the tension among all the men. "Be nice," she whispered to Butch. "Give them time to give you a chance."

He shook hands with the men even though the tension didn't leave his body. She rolled her eyes sending her apologies Eva's way.

"Anyone would think he doesn't want to be part of the club."

"He does, but he's being petty. I think he expected them to jump at the chance to have him back," Cheryl said. She didn't doubt them getting him back. The club clearly cared very deeply for Butch, and his reasons for leaving were non-existent.

Pulling out of Butch's hand, she led Matthew toward the children's play area. Alex stopped her from going to embrace his son and talk with him. She took the time to talk with Eva.

"This is going to be a safe area for kids, right?" Cheryl asked.

"Yeah. We've got guards looking out for the kids. Tiny gets paranoid and won't allow anyone near here unless he was happy. The club and his kids' protection take priority."

"How have you been?" Cheryl asked, folding her arms.

"I've been good. We're all doing well. It's just this Gonzalez guy. He's causing a few problems and being a general pain in the ass. I can't tell you more. You're not an old lady yet. Sorry." Eva touched her shoulder.

Together they placed their children in the play area. For several minutes she stood and watched Matthew play, enjoying his newfound freedom.

"I'm going to get back to them," Eva said.

"Okay."

Alex stayed by her side, watching Matthew. "I wanted to say thank you for allowing me the opportunity to spend time with my son."

"I'm not a monster, Alex. I hate what you did, but there's no love lost. I'm asking that you don't come between me and Butch. I love him."

He nodded, reaching out to touch her cheek. "I know you do. I'm pleased you found some kind of happiness. The club is being cautious with Butch."

"I know. Take whatever time you need."

"You're not pissed about the shop?" he asked.

She shrugged. "There's not a lot I can do about it. I just want Butch to be happy. I hope he realizes that he's happy with the club."

"You're a good woman, Cheryl."

Not saying anything else, she took it as the compliment it was.

Soon Alex left to join the others. She couldn't let herself get pulled away. Minutes passed with him having fun and her watching like a guard dog.

"Baby, he's going to be fine," Butch said. "Tiny's got men all around the place taking care of everyone." He wrapped an arm around her waist then kissed her neck. "Come and have some fun. This was about you enjoying as much as Matthew."

"I've not been much fun, have I?"

"I don't blame you. After what you saw I can't expect anyone to be feeling okay with that."

"How have you been? You knew the person, didn't you?" she asked.

Butch led her away from stalking her son.

"Yeah, I knew her. She was the doctor who helped me when I needed it most. I tried to protect her, but I couldn't. She's the one who ended up dead."

"Honey." Cheryl wrapped her arms around him.

"It's okay. I'm not going to cry. Shit like this happens, which was why I didn't want you part of the club. The risk was too high."

"Let's not do this here. The club is part of you." Cheryl didn't want this day to be ruined because of Butch's stubbornness. She respected his decision to leave The Skulls, but she was delighted he wanted to return to the club. Cheryl was determined to get him back to The Skulls. The club was his life. She would support him in the club like the other old ladies did.

He took her back to where the rest of The Skulls were sitting enjoying the sunshine. The children were running around, and Cheryl loved every minute of the time. She kept checking on Matthew, who was having the time of his life. There was no way she'd be able to simply let him play without looking over him. Butch put his issues aside and looked to be having fun. The time passed until she was able to forget the worries that had been plaguing her.

Steven, one of the Skulls, made her laugh with the jokes he told. The entire experience was amazing. She finally felt at home with the crowd. Glancing toward the play area, she frowned. Standing up, she tried to find her son.

"Where's Matthew?" Cheryl asked, looking around the large picnic area. She'd taken her eyes off her son for a moment, and she couldn't see him anywhere. "Matthew." She shouted his name, starting to panic. No one responded to the name.

"Baby, calm down," Butch said.

"I can't find him."

Without looking back toward him, she took off toward the play area, not bothering to waste time with talking. She saw The Skulls looking from her to Butch. Cheryl didn't care what they were thinking. The only person she cared about was her son, and she couldn't find him. Fear clawed at her.

"Cheryl, stop," Alex said, grabbing her arms. "He's around here somewhere. Stop panicking."

"I know my son." She shoved him away. "He's not here."

"We're all going to start looking. You don't need to worry," Eva said.

She wasn't listening. Her son was out there somewhere. Matthew wouldn't walk away from the park, not by himself. She looked around the area he'd been playing. Some of the parents were looking at her strangely. She didn't care what they all thought. The only person she cared about was Matthew. For a few moments she'd been enjoying her time thinking how wonderful it was to have people like The Skulls in her life, and now her son was missing.

In the background she heard Butch and the others shouting her name. Seeing a secluded area near the swings, she rounded the bend and stopped. A man she'd never seen before was pointing a gun at her son's head. Matthew was sitting between the mystery man's legs playing with some new toys.

"Hello, Cheryl," the man said.

Not taking her eyes off her son, her heart started to race more than ever before. "Hello." She spoke calmly, hoping not to scare her son.

"You don't know who I am, but I've got a friend who knows you, and he wants to meet you."

"I don't know anyone who would own a gun or point it at my son's head," she said.

Sweat bloomed on her forehead. How could she get Matthew out of danger without him getting hurt? There was no easy way. She couldn't grab her son, otherwise he'd end up dead.

Tears filled her eyes as she looked at him. "I don't know who you are," she said.

"It's okay. We know who you are. Gonzalez needs your cooperation."

She went to look behind her.

"That's not a good idea," he said. "You shout them or alert them, and I will kill your son."

The tears she'd tried to keep at bay finally released.

"Please, don't hurt my son." She took a step closer and another.

"I wouldn't try anything funny. You got the head in a box. I'm not against doing it to you."

"You killed that woman?"

"Yes, and she screamed throughout it all. I loved hearing her scream."

"I don't want you to hurt my son. I'll come with you."

"Good."

She reached her son, and he grabbed her arm leading them both away from any prying eyes. Glancing behind her, she didn't see any of The Skulls. None of them knew she'd gone with this man or where she was going.

Cheryl refused to cry more. Nothing good could come from her letting any tears fall.

The man without a name forced her into the back of the car. It took every ounce of strength not to shout out, begging for help. She held onto her son as they pulled away from the curb. She didn't know what to do.

Closing her eyes, she hoped Butch found them soon. The thought of never seeing him again filled her with dread.

"We're going to be okay, honey," she said, kissing her son's head.

She didn't know how long they were driving for. The man pulled up outside of a hotel.

"The boss awaits you," the man said, opening the door. There was no chance for her to get away as she was led up to another secluded room.

Don't panic.

Keeping her gaze forward, she held onto Matthew as they were pulled into a beautiful, expensive hotel room.

"Ah, Cheryl, it's a pleasure to see you again."

It was Frederick Gonzalez. He wore a business suit and smiled as she walked in.

"What the hell is going on?"

"It's quite simple, honey. I want The Skulls, and you're the key to getting them."

She frowned. "There's no chance. I'm with Butch, not anyone else." Cheryl held onto Matthew.

"Yes, and with you gone, he'll beg to come back to The Skulls. I don't know how they'll handle that, but then I get them to do what I want when they ask for you back. This is a win-win for me." He motioned for her to sit down. "I'd rest if I were you. You're going to need to relax."

Sitting down in the sofa, Cheryl wouldn't let go of her son. Gonzalez didn't know that Butch had already asked to return? Trying not to let her thoughts show, she kept her gaze on her son.

"Oh, if they don't give me what I want then I will start to hurt you. I'll also get Homer to kill your son before he moves onto you."

Closing her eyes, she prayed for her son's life.

Come on, Butch. Find us.

****

Back at the clubhouse Butch was losing his mind. He couldn't find Matthew or Cheryl. It was like they both disappeared, which made no sense. Running fingers through his hair, he waited for Whizz to run a search on the security footage. The clubhouse was a mess. Furniture was trashed, and broken bottles were strewn around all over the place. Gonzalez meant business, and he was taking it out on the club. This had to be about more than Butch and his past.

"What's going on?" Butch asked, pointing around the clubhouse. There weren't any sweet-butts around either.

"We've got Gonzalez looking into every area of our life," Nash said. "Everything is a mess right now."

"It has to be him who's taken Cheryl and Matthew," Alex said, speaking up for the first time.

"You've got to help me find her. He will kill her." Butch was sure the other man would kill her. There was no way he was going to put his trust in Gonzalez not to hurt his woman. Memories of the past invaded his thoughts. He shoved them aside and started to pace. "I knew I shouldn't have taken her to the picnic." Shaking his head, he was so angry with himself. Instead of listening to his own gut, he'd listened to what she wanted, and now they were both missing.

"Cheryl wanted to go," Eva said.

"How do I know you're not working for Gonzalez, huh?" Butch asked, losing his temper.

All of the club tensed up.

"What the f**k did you say?" Zero asked, stepping up. It had been a long time since he'd spoken to his friend.

"No one leaves the club, right? How the f**k do I know if you're not even working against me to get me as payback? I asked to come back, and none of your have given me the time of day. You were begging me back, and now you're taking your time." Zero was on Butch's ass within seconds of him talking. Zero slammed his fist into his face. Women screamed, and Prue tugged Zero away. Butch knew he shouldn't have said shit like that. His anger and fear had him lashing out.

"Leave him. He's not thinking straight," Prue said, whispering to Zero's ear.

"He's not been thinking straight ever since he f**king left the club." Zero looked like he wanted to hurt him even more.

Rolling to his stomach, Butch got to his feet. "She's my woman, and you're not doing anything about it. I asked to come back, and again you're keeping my ass waiting."

He pointed at Tiny. The president of The Skulls stared at him with a fierce expression on his face. Butch didn't care what others thought of him. "For every other woman you were there and reacting to the smallest slight."

"There's a difference," Tiny said.

"What difference? You need to act. My woman is out there with our kid." He turned to Alex, who looked pale. "They're in danger, and we're not doing anything about it."

"You quit The Skulls, walking away from us. Cheryl is not a Skull, nor is she part of the club."

"I asked to come back."

"You left, Butch. Letting you back in takes a f**king vote. I've got to wait until Lash gets back to vote you back in."

Butch paused, frowning at him. "This is your decision, Tiny. Not the club's."

"No one has ever walked out like this. I can't make this decision on my own. It took the whole club to vote Nash back in, and the same goes for you."

"Tiny," Alex started to talk. Tiny held his hand up.

"No, I'm not listening to any more crap about this." Tiny kept his gaze focused on him. "We're not a f**king library he can take what he wants when he wants. Lash has a deciding vote, and I'm not doing shit about it until he gets back."

"What are you trying to say?" Butch asked but he knew the truth.

"You're not a brother anymore until Lash comes back from Italy. We're going to help get Cheryl back. We don't get to help you with anything else until Lash is back." Tiny shrugged. "I'm sorry."

"You're not sorry," Butch said. "This is your f**king club, Tiny."

"And I'm acting in the club's best interest. We're going to get your woman back, but I'm not going to risk my men for you."

"I'm f**king begging you, Tiny. Let me back in. I'm f**king loyal, and I'll be good for the club," Butch said, getting to his knees in front of them. He needed Tiny prepared to do everything to save his woman.

Alex spun away, heading toward the bar. There was no alcohol to drown his sorrows in.

Staring down at the floor, Butch laughed. "I'm sorry for leaving the club. You know, Cheryl told me I shouldn't have left. I thought I was protecting her, but I was the one who put her in danger."

"We're a club and a family, but you didn't see that. This shit you've caused is your problem, not ours," Tiny said. "We'll do what we can to save Cheryl and her son, not because of you but because we're not f**king animals."

"Tiny?" Eva said.

The other man glared at his wife, and she stopped talking, holding her hands out, backing down.

It was Butch's decision to leave The Skulls that had started this. By leaving he'd insulted the club, and the more he pulled away, being an ass**le, the more the club had moved on. He couldn't hate Tiny for his decision. Any president of an MC club would have killed him by now. Tears filled his eyes at his own stupidity. He shouldn't have left, and if Lash was pissed enough, he wasn't going to get his place back in the club.

"Fine. I'll wait to be part of the club. I'll take whatever decision you all make. If I have to, I'll become a prospect again and pull out of my shares until I earn my loyalty." He spoke the words, terrified of his future.

Tiny left the room and returned seconds later with his jacket. He didn't know what to say when he saw the leather jacket. The last time he'd worn this very jacket he'd been filled with pride. He wasn't full of pride now, no, he was full of shame. No one would help him unless he was a Skull, and he'd turned his back on the club. Cheryl had been trying to convince him to rejoin The Skulls, but he'd refused even though he'd been thinking of joining them again. His own stubbornness had caused this. Cheryl must have known he was part of a club. Only he had denied while she saw through it.

"I'm showing you this jacket because regardless of what happens, I always thought you'd come back to us," Tiny said, glaring at him. "I want to let you back, but I wouldn't be any kind of f**king leader if I didn't put you to a vote like I've done everyone else."

He was sure he detected pain in Tiny's face, but it was gone before he could analyze it.

"Then I'll wait, and I'll prove to you all I want to be here," Butch said.

"Frederick holds all the cards here. We can't do anything until he gets in touch," Tiny said, taking a seat. Eva put her hand on Tiny's shoulder.

"We can't do anything but sit and wait?" he asked.

"In case you haven't noticed," Nash said, speaking up. "We're all f**ked here. The cops have torn us apart, and we know it's because of Gonzalez. He knows what he's doing, and he's going to keep doing it. Devil's got the same problem back in Piston County."

This was not like them. Butch knew they would all fight, but Gonzalez was playing a different game.

"What about Devil and the Chaos Bleeds crew?" Butch asked.

"They're doing exactly the same. We're all waiting it out." Tiny rested his head in his hands.

There was nothing they could do. He took a seat and waited. Butch didn't have a clue what he was waiting for. In all of his years as a Skull they'd never waited around for anything to happen to them. They'd always been the ones in charge. No one told them what to do.

You've got to wait to become a Skull.

Running fingers through his hair, Butch became aware of how much life had changed for the club in the last few months. They couldn't do anything but wait. He hated this kind of control that Gonzalez had.

Recalling the memory of his father, Butch recalled the way he'd been afraid, but this wasn't the same.

The whole of The Skulls were waiting. He stood and started to pace.

Time passed slowly. Running his hand over his face, he tried to ignore the pity on all of their faces. The club was a mess, life was a mess, and he knew he shouldn't have left. The biggest mistake he'd made was leaving, and now he needed to find a way to prove himself. He should have rejoined of his own free will long before he did. The first time he went to work hating his life should have been the time he came back to the club. The more he thought about his mistakes, the more he regretted his decisions.

When the phone went off, everyone tensed. Tiny took his time to answer it.

Butch was surprised when Tiny put the call for the loudspeaker for all of them to hear it.

"Where the f**k is Cheryl?" Tiny asked. The man before him was the person Butch remembered. Tiny, leader of The Skulls, wouldn't allow any man to f**k with his club.

"Well, I guess that answers at least one of my questions. I take it Butch is there with you," Frederick said.

"Listen, f**ker, if you even think-"

The sound of Cheryl screaming, begging cut through the air. Butch froze. His woman was in danger and in pain.

He shut the f**k up.

"Now, I see we have your attention," Frederick said. "In case you haven't noticed it's a simple yes or no answer."

Butch stared at Tiny.

"Do you want Cheryl back?"

"Yes," Tiny said.

"Good. Will you do anything to get her back?"

Tiny returned his stare. The anger in his eyes was pure to see. "Yes." Butch would owe Tiny and the club big. He wasn't worried about that.

"Good. You see, we can do this. This is what I like about communicating. We can get what we want and work through the problems."

Hearing Frederick's voice made Butch want to hurt the man. He had Cheryl and was using her to get to The Skulls. Butch had forced their hand, and now they were at Frederick's mercy. The club either took Cheryl back or they listened to them die. Butch wasn't under any illusions that Frederick would let them live.

"What do you want?" Tiny asked.

"I just want you all to know that if the answer is no I will kill Cheryl's son. He's playing nicely at the moment with some colors. You've got a nice son here, Alex."

Looking toward Alex, the pain was so evident on his face. "Leave my son alone."

Frederick sighed. "Well it all depends on one thing really."

Silence filled the room. Butch rubbed at his eyes, waiting for the revelation.

"What do you want?" Tiny asked.

"Simple. I'll give you back Cheryl and the kid unharmed, and in return you work for me. I've got drugs, weapons, money, and girls that need looking after. You work for me, no one else."

It was what Devil had had to do. Frederick controlled the MCs.

"The deal expires within the next two minutes. You don't give me the answer I want, I start breaking fingers. I'll make Cheryl and Matthew hurt well before I terminate them. Once I start you will not get the chance to make me stop."

"Deal," Tiny said, without hesitation. No one wanted to listen to the torture Frederick was sure to dish out, or at least get one of his men to do the job.

"Good. I'm pleased. Now, I've got a shipment of girls coming in three weeks' time. Devil and his gang are housing half of them. Tiny, you'll take the other half. I want them in a safe house and earning their keep."

Butch tuned out as Frederick started to make the rules.

"Also, to protect our investment I may as well tell you that I've got men everywhere. If I think you're reneging on the deal, I pull the plug on your women and your kids. Lash and Angel look beautiful on their Italian vacation. A bullet can kill all three of them just as easily."

Nash held Sophia a little tighter.

"No one runs away or tries to fight. If you even look like you're planning shit, I will end you."

"What about the f**king social worker and the cops with the charges?"

"Consider them gone as a gift of friendship. Don't think you can manipulate me, Tiny. I will hurt everyone you ever care about. Cheryl and Matthew will be back at the fair within thirty minutes. I want you there in forty. Good day, gentlemen."

The call ended. Staring at the phone, Butch looked around at his brothers.

Like Devil and the Chaos Bleeds crew, Tiny and The Skulls were now owned by Frederick Gonzalez. It was all his fault.

****

Later that night

Tiny downed another shot of scotch. It was his fifth in the last few hours, but it still wasn't doing what he wanted it to do. The only way for him to look at Eva was for him to be blind drunk. He'd fallen into Frederick's trap, and now he was owned just like Devil. Listening to a woman and kid get tortured was not his idea of fun. Frederick would have killed them just to prove a point.

"Why did you do that?" Alex asked, stepping into the office. After the call and forty minutes passed up they all headed back to the picnic to find Matthew and Cheryl alone and unharmed. Butch stood beside them as if he was part of the club even though he wasn't yet. Tiny was allowing him to come back to the clubhouse, and Lash was on his way home. They'd be taking a vote very soon on allowing Butch to come back. Cheryl and Matthew needed protection.

With the new threat Tiny had no choice but to call Lash and Angel home. He couldn't protect them in Italy whereas in the club, he could. They were going on lockdown until he'd talked with Devil. Shit was about to hit the fan in a big way.

"Bastard had your kid and Butch's woman. Gonzalez had two winning cards." He stared at his friend.

"You didn't give Butch his patch back. Why are you waiting for the club to make a decision? You wanted this."

"If I recall correctly, you wanted me to blackmail Butch. I couldn't do it, but I can't have a man who's prepared to leave when the going gets tough. I need to know Butch wants to come back before I allow him back," Tiny said. "I'm not into giving free rides to men."

Alex took a seat opposite. "Butch made a mistake, but he'll be loyal to the club."

Tiny shrugged. "I don't care what he'll be, Alex. He left the club, and like Nash, he'll prove himself as one of the brothers before I give him back his patch." He poured another large shot into his glass. In his lap was Butch's leather jacket. Tiny wanted to give the man his jacket back, but he stopped himself. He wasn't wrong in making Butch earn his spot back.

"Eva doesn't blame you for what happened," Alex said, changing the subject.

"For once in my life I want her life to not be hard. Every time I think we're getting there a newfound f**king enemy emerges. I mean, shit, we've not even got Gash out of f**king prison. He's going to be coming to a club that's owned by a crazy ass**le." Tiny threw his glass against the opposite wall. His club was no longer his own. They were all owned by Gonzalez, to do his bidding like good little minions.

"We'll deal like we always do."

"He holds all the cards."

"And we've got a lot of favors. We're not a small club, Tiny. Devil is pissed. Together The Skulls and the Chaos Bleeds can fight it all. Gonzalez is going down. Ned Walker is pissed as well. I just got off the phone with him. He's been threatened, too. There are men out there wanting to end this f**ker," Alex said. "He threatened the kid I've only known for a couple of weeks. I'm not going to stand down while he takes everything I hold dear. I'm not wired that way."

Tiny got to his feet and looked at his friend. "You're asking me to create a war?"

"No. Gonzalez created the war. I'm saying we f**king win this one, and we win it for the good, but we do it by playing dirty."

Tiny staggered a little. The strong alcohol was finally making its way through and numbing all of his senses.

"What did Butch have to say?"

"They're coming to the clubhouse in the next day or so. We can fight this, Tiny. I've got a plan. It's insane, but it'll work. Gonzalez doesn't know the truth about Butch begging to come back. We can make this work for us," Alex said.

"I'm listening," Tiny said, curious about what Alex had to say.

His friend always had the plans that were risky, but because of Alex, they'd owned Fort Wills for the last twenty years, making it a great place to live. Most of the time, Fort Wills was a safe town.

When Alex was finished, Tiny shook his head. "Do you really think he'll go for it?"

"To protect his woman and the club, yes, Butch will go for it."

"Then do it. Don't let him know I know. When you see him next, try and get him on board with your plan." Holding onto the wall for support, Tiny looked at Alex. "How can you stand to see him with your woman and kid?" The drink wasn't keeping his thoughts locked in tight.

"I love my son. Cheryl was never my woman and never will be. I claim Matthew, not her."

Tiny nodded. "I heard he's going to marry her?"

"Yeah, he is."

"Then it's time for a celebration. Call Devil and get the crew down here to celebrate the coming together of a happy couple. Get the sweet-butts out of town, hidden. The club only has members and old ladies inside it. Our kids stay closer. When Gash gets out and Lash is back, we'll take this f**ker to the ground." Tiny reached out gripping Alex's hand. They were best friends and had once been related by marriage, but to Tiny, Alex was a brother without blood.

Both of them would fight for Fort Wills and for each other.

Gonzalez thought he'd won and they were going to take the beating lying down. Tiny didn't lie down for anyone unless he was getting ridden by his wife. Eva wasn't f**king his cock, and Gonzalez was going down.

Chapter Sixteen

"Butch, I'm fine. Stop worrying about nothing. I swear I'm fine," Cheryl said, smiling as her man started to fuss around her.

"I'm not letting you or Matthew out of my sight. Alex and I agree that you both need to be protected." Butch was going around her home locking every single window. He checked behind some of the books, looking for hidden cameras. No real harm had come to her or her son.

Her mother had found her at the picnic before Butch and The Skulls got back, taking her mind off everything that just happened. The business with Gonzalez was for The Skulls. Cheryl didn't share anything of what happened, keeping it to herself. By the time Butch got to her side, her mother was gone, mingling with other people.

Since he'd pulled her into his arms, he'd not let her go. He wouldn't allow her to walk off on her own or even go to the bathroom. Having to take a pee with him in the room was embarrassing.

"Any other woman would be stressing out or screaming right about now," he said.

"Butch, I'm not like other women. He told me no harm would come to me as long as you and the club did as he asked." She pressed a palm to his chest. "Please, don't stress out about this."

"We're going to be owned by this maniac, Cheryl. We're not going to get away from him." Butch wrapped his arms around her.

"Tell me you're not going to let him get away with this?" she asked. Gonzalez was a killer. He hurt people to get what he wanted, manipulated those around him. She hated him for using her and Matthew. When she looked at Tiny she knew he'd done it for her and Butch. Tiny was a good man, and yet he'd been forced to work for Gonzalez because of her.

"We'll do everything we can."

She placed a finger over his lips. "No, you've got to be in this, Butch. The club is going to vote you back in." He pulled away from her, shaking his head.

"I f**ked up, Cheryl. The club I left is not what they are today. I should never have left. They don't trust me."

"You were being too f**king stubborn to join back, Butch. You're going to have to prove to them that you're by their side all the way. Stop being a baby and take what they've got to do with some pride. If you didn't want this, you should have considered that option weeks ago."

Caressing the plain leather jacket he wore, she stared at the man she loved with her whole heart. The feelings Butch inspired shocked her at times. She loved him, and the very thought of losing him filled her with dread.

"If you know Tiny, you know he didn't have a choice in what he did."

"No, Tiny always has a choice. He could have voted me in."

"Think about what you're saying, Butch. The Skulls is a club that depends on each other. You're going to learn to jump through other hoops to get what you want. Please, I want to be your old lady and to know they will always have your back. This is the man you are, not what you're pretending to be. I love you both. Hold your head high and accept the shit they're going to dish out."

"I can't lose you," he said, tears filling his eyes. She watched him grit his teeth.

"Then earn your patch back and know you're part of something bigger and better. I trust Tiny and The Skulls to keep us safe." She released his arm and smiled at him. "You'll never lose me no matter what you think." She touched his cheek, moving up close to him. "I love you, Neal Coal."

She used his real name. There was no need to hide his name anymore.

He cupped her cheek, and with his other hand, he tugged her close. "I love you, too."

Within seconds his lips were on hers. She didn't fight him. Matthew was asleep in his room. All she wanted was to feel Butch's arms wrapped tightly around her, holding her, loving her.

Butch picked her up. She wrapped her legs around his waist, groaning at the feel of his rock hard c**k against her core.

"I'm taking you without a condom, Cheryl. I need to feel you against me."

"Fine." She only wanted Butch and would love him for the rest of her life. He didn't stop as he carried her upstairs to her bedroom. Once inside the small space, he placed her on her feet.

"Tomorrow we'll be heading for the club for lockdown. I don't want you to leave anything behind."

"I won't." She pushed his jacket back off his shoulders then worked at his shirt. At the same time, Butch started to remove her clothes. It was a frenzy to get their clothes off. She didn't care. Cheryl craved the feel of him inside her, f**king her.

They collapsed together in the bed. Butch reached down, gripping his c**k and sliding it through her wet folds. She was soaking wet, turned on, and needed him inside.

"Please, don't torture me. Just f**k me, Butch. I need you."

He slid his c**k down to her entrance. In one quick thrust he was seated inside her to the hilt. There was nothing between them, skin to skin.

Butch stared down into her eyes. Neither of them moved. Her hands were laid on his arms. Their bodies pulsed in a rhythm of their own.

"You feel so f**king good," he said. Seconds later he dropped his head down and took her lips.

Cheryl opened her lips for his searching tongue. Nothing stood between them. Her body awakened underneath his.

His tongue slid inside in time with the strokes of his cock. Butch filled her pu**y completely. He gripped her hip as he slid in as deep as he could go.

The point of pain and pleasure met sending her into an earth-shattering cl**ax. She didn't want to come down from the peak. Butch wouldn't let her. He drove into her hard, making the headboard slam against the wall with each thrust. Holding onto him, she didn't need anything else other than him.

"I love you, Cheryl. I will always love you." He slammed inside her one final time. His c**k jerked, and she felt his seed pulsing inside her. "I'm going to marry you, and we're going to have so many children you're never going to forget about me," he said.

"Is that a promise?" she asked, loving him all the more.

"Yes."

"You've got to make me a deal," she said.

"What?"

"You can never leave The Skulls again. They're in your blood, Butch. I know Tiny's pissed you off by making you wait, but please, think about it."

Butch let out a sigh. "Baby, I love you and I love the club, but I'll do what I think is best for us. You've got my loyalty, and so does Matthew. I will do everything in my power to earn back the loyalty of the club."

Cheryl was pleased Butch saw the truth. The Skulls was his home as much as she was. Wrapping her arms around her man, she pushed all the bad thoughts aside and focused on the here and now. She loved Butch and would do everything in her power to make him happy.

****

Butch stared down at his woman. She looked so beautiful and at peace in her sleep. Putting his jacket on, he locked up the house on his way out into the night. He needed to walk to clear his head. He wore the leather jacket that Cheryl liked, loving the feel of it against his skin. Alex had called him earlier to meet back at the clubhouse. He loved being back at The Skulls, even if he wasn't a full member yet, and knew this was going to be his future. Before they could relax all of them needed to take care of Gonzalez, and the only way to do that was to work together as a family like they had with every other enemy.

Alex was waiting for him in the car.

"What's all this about?" Butch asked.

"I've got to ask you for a favor," Alex said. He turned toward him, and Butch knew that stare.

Blowing out a breath, Butch threw his hands out. "Fine, what is it?"

"You've recently been out of The Skulls. You quit the club, and to a lot of people your loyalty is divided, or at least to a lot of the outsiders your loyalty appears divided. Only we know that you begged to come back to the club. Gonzalez doesn't know that you begged to come back to the club before he took Cheryl and Matthew."

He frowned, staring at his friend. Even though they had their differences they were still friends. Alex was Matthew's father, and Butch had served in The Skulls alongside Alex. All of their issues had been settled.

"What I'm about to ask you is going to stay between us."

"What is it?" Butch asked.

"The club is in danger, and so is my son. Everything we hold dear is riding on some crazy ass**le with needs. I'm going to ask you to trust me, Butch, not because of our past together in the club but because I'm putting the safety and trust of my son in your hands," Alex said.

Glancing back at the clubhouse, Butch knew he wasn't going to like the suggestion.

"Tell me what you need," Butch said.

"No one else will know. None of the club members know I'm here, not even Tiny. He's going to use your wedding to lure in the Chaos Bleeds crew. Until then, I need you to turn to the other side," Alex said.

"What do you mean?"

"Become a spy for us. Go to Gonzalez with a deal. You're the intel for our club and in return you get safety for Cheryl and Matthew."

Butch shook his head. "You're f**king crazy. That's breaking loyalty, which I'm trying to earn back. You're insane. You're going to turn me into a snitch? Everything we hate about the club?"

He'd never tell secrets of the club.

"Gonzalez has full control over both our clubs, Butch. He knows when we piss, shit, and f**k."

"I do this and something happens to you, I'm f**ked. I won't get out alive."

"But Cheryl and Matthew stay protected. We both have our asses here, Butch. I've got no other kids. Matthew is all I've got, and I'm not going to let him die because I wouldn't do what was needed," Alex said.

"This is dangerous."

"How much do you love your woman, Butch? Is she worth risking your own life and looking to turn on the club? You're not turning your back on the club, only looking like you are to take this f**ker out."

Butch climbed out of the car. "Stay the f**k away from me," Butch said, glaring at him. He stopped and turned to look at Alex. It was a crazy assed plan, one that he didn't like, and one that he knew was wrong. "You want me to feed information to Gonzalez about what the clubs are doing? Chaos Bleeds and The Skulls?"

"Yes, I'll tell you what to feed him. It will be controlled information from me," Alex said. "He holds all of the cards. We don't have a chance of winning this unless we're willing to play dirty."

"Get Tiny to sign off on it."

"I can't. Tiny may be a biker, he may be tough, and make all the bad-ass decisions, but he plays fair, always has. He won't do it and especially not with you needing to prove yourself to the club. This has to be between us."

"It's a crazy plan."

"One that will work. You've got to trust me, Butch."

Butch stared at the ground, knowing Alex made sense. "What makes you think I can do this?"

"You've got a past with each other. There is no one else who can do this, Butch. Only you. Gonzalez needs to believe that you want to take down The Skulls and Chaos Bleeds. No one knows the truth that you begged to come back. Gonzalez believed you had to be blackmailed to come back to the club. It would be the only way we'd protect your woman. For once, we've got the upper hand."

Butch listened to what Alex had to say. It was risky. The riskiest job he'd ever undertaken. For The Skulls, he'd risk everything to keep them safe. "It's f**king insane, but I'll do it, but no one is to know and when it's all over, you will let everyone know what I did."

"When Gonzalez is dead, then I'll tell the club what we did. Until then, you've got to get into his fold."

Gritting his teeth, Butch knew he was going to end up a dead man. There was no other way to protect his woman and kid. Matthew was his kid as much as he was Alex's. The good thing about being a Skull, he knew when to act and when not to.

"I'll get inside, but it's going to take time. I don't need you breathing down my neck questioning my every move."

"You've got it."

Glancing around the back of the club to make sure no one was there, Butch shook hands with Alex. "You make sure she's protected as much as your son."

"I will." Alex climbed out of the car and walked away, heading down the street. Butch hated what he'd just done, but he knew it was for the best. He got about a mile away from the clubhouse when he knew someone was following him. Spinning around, he grabbed the person around the neck and thrust him up against the wall.

"Who the f**k are you?" he asked, growling against the man's neck.

"Long time no see, Neal."

Butch frowned, looking into a pair of green eyes. He didn't recognize them.

"Don't recognize me?" the man asked.

He didn't answer.

"It's Danny. I was Wayne's boy twenty years ago."

Freezing inside, Butch stared at the son of one of the members of the Savage Brothers MC. Stepping back, Butch felt like he'd seen a ghost. "You're supposed to be f**king dead."

"Yeah? So are you. I guess you're not the only one Becca saved."

Staring at his past, Butch knew he would help the man in front of him. He noticed the man's jacket, and memories of his father playing with him filled his mind. Danny was wearing a Savage Brothers jacket with the symbol that Butch had thought was dead.

"What do you need?" Butch asked.

"We need Gonzalez."

For the next hour, Butch agreed to help Danny any way he knew how. When it was over, he walked home, locked the doors behind him. Once he stripped out of his clothes and checked on Matthew, he climbed into bed beside Cheryl.

"Where have you been?" she asked.

"Out. Don't worry about it. Go to sleep."

He kissed her cheek, wrapping his arms around her. Betraying his club was not something Butch looked forward to doing. The Skulls were his life, but he was born to the Savage Brothers. Both of them deserved revenge on Gonzalez. Maybe he could work it so that all three clubs got a chance to take out the bastard. Who did he owe his loyalty to? The Skulls or the Savage Brothers? Closing his eyes, he refused to think about it. He kept his arms wrapped around Cheryl. She was the best thing to come to him. He couldn't wait until she was his completely with a ring on her finger. Everything else could wait for him to worry about. He couldn't turn his back on Tiny and The Skulls.

Epilogue

Danny walked back to the house where some of his boys and girls were staying. The Savage Brothers were a small crew, with only the survivors of Gonzalez's assault as members. There were fifteen of them. They were the lucky fifteen and kept their identity a closely guarded secret.

Becca had taken care of all of them at one time or another, supplying them with money, food, support, and even a chance to have a life. Closing the door, Danny knew Lacey was waiting up for him. She wouldn't go to sleep until she knew what was happening.

From the moment he heard it down the grapevine that Gonzalez was back and Neal Coal was alive, Danny had put all of his energy into getting to town.

No one was looking for them. They were dead to the world, and so Gonzalez wasn't even aware he had enemies waiting to put a bullet in his head.

"Did you see him?" Lacey asked.

Turning around he saw Dalton standing behind her, waiting.

"Yeah, I saw him."

"Well, what did he say?" Lacey folded her arms, glaring at him. Out of all of them, she'd suffered the most. Dalton tried to protect her the best he could.

Danny knew Dalton was the one to carry Lacey to the hospital. She'd been raped, beaten, and was dying in her own blood when his friend found her. Since then, Dalton had made it his personal mission to protect her from everything.

"It's Coal. He's alive, and he's part of The Skulls." They knew about The Skulls and Chaos Bleeds. Danny was impressed with the life Neal had built for himself. "He's going by Butch now, and Gonzalez is picking another fight."

"He's going to do it? He's going to give us Gonzalez?" Lacey asked.

Glancing at Dalton, Danny nodded. "Yeah, he's going to give us Gonzalez even though he's working for The Skulls."

"Isn't that dangerous? Doesn't that make him a rat on his own club by helping us?" Dalton asked.

He shrugged. "I don't give a shit about Neal. He's not part of our club and never will be. We're in this together. If The Skulls kill him after he helps us, I really don't care."

Pushing past his friend, Danny went to update the rest of the crew. The only person he wanted was Gonzalez. For twenty years he'd been looking for the right time to strike the bastard down, and now it was his chance.

Using Butch would get him what he wanted, and he didn't care who died so long as the Savage Brothers got their revenge.

The End

The End

