Prologue

The night of the party

Jennifer Dixon stood in the library staring at the array of books. The room was old-fashioned compared to the rest of the house. She'd seen all of the modern conveniences in place whereas this room was like stepping back in time. Running her fingers over the books she stared at each title, amazed by some of the first editions.

Patrick Thompson was proving to be an enigma. He was a notorious playboy who slept with a different woman every night. At least the press liked to report he had a new woman every night. She'd never met him, and the only reason she was at his house was because her parents were looking to make a deal with his. His father had arranged for the party.

She stared down at her long black evening gown wishing she hadn't been forced to come. Linda, her best friend, had been unable to attend because of prior commitments. Jennifer wished she'd had another excuse rather than eating a tub of ice-cream. Most of the people glared down their noses at her. She might be part of their world because of her last name, but she felt as cut off from them as any other person.

While everyone was mingling around the house, she'd wandered off trying to find some peace and quiet.

"What are you doing in here?"

Turning towards the voice, she stared at Patrick across the room. He'd closed the door to the library and stared at her. From that one look she felt arousal hit her hard and deep. She'd never heard of lust at first sight, but then Patrick was a hottie. "I'm sorry. I needed to get away," she said.

"You shouldn't be wandering around other people's property."

"I'm sorry."

"What's your name?" he asked.

"Jennifer." She kept her last name to herself. For some reason she didn't want to tell him her last name.

"Join me in a drink," he said, handing her a glass filled with amber liquid. "The finest brandy money can buy."

She took the glass he offered and sipped. The brandy burnt her throat and made her eyes water. She was careful and held the tears back. The mascara she wore was not waterproof.

"I know it's strong stuff."

"Why are you hiding?" she asked. He didn't mention her leaving. She couldn't stop staring at him. He was more beautiful up close than on any of the glossy mags.

"I'm tired of being flirted with. There was a time I'd have been flattered with the attention. Now, it's just boring. The same old crap for the same old Patrick." He filled her glass.

Jennifer was shocked by his honesty. "I thought you liked the lime-light and didn't care what people said."

"Babe, the lime-light is not the problem. The women are the problem. I mean, they want to talk about themselves or spend my money. I'm tired of being a neverending bank balance for them. I'm nothing but a cock and money for the women who want me. I guess I'm getting tired of the same old crap day after day," he said.

She stared at him, amazed. Patrick was not known for having much feeling. He partied all the time, and his reputation for being a playboy was one of the worst in their social circles. This was the first time she'd ever met him.

"Take a walk with me," he said. He offered her his arm, and she took it without question.

"I have to say, Patrick, you've surprised me, and that doesn't happen often." The night's breeze felt good against her warm body. The air in the house had been thick and cloying.

"What's surprised you?" he asked.

"You appear to love the attention sent your way. I don't see you having an issue with people knowing your business." He stopped in front of a beautiful water feature. She admired the lighting and beauty of it.

"You believe everything you read in the papers?"

"Not all of it."

"Then don't believe it all about me. A lot of the crap written is merely that, crap."

He moved her on. They passed couples on their way deeper into the garden.

"I'll keep it in mind. I won't believe another word of it with regards to you being a playboy of the highest order."

Patrick laughed. "What do you think of the party?"

"They're not really my style," she said.

They stopped in a gazebo. She let go of his arm to look around at the rest of the garden. "Your place is beautiful."

"My father took over and decided to throw this blasted party. I hate having people around in my space. They always think it's their property and they're free to touch what they like," he said.

"You don't like people touching your things?"

"Do you? Especially people who claim to know you but then stab you in the back at the first opportunity."

"I'm sensing there is not a lot of love lost between you and everyone else."

He chuckled. "You're correct."

"If you're so bothered by people thinking they know you, why don't you change their opinion of you?" she asked, intrigued by him. She'd thought he was just another playboy who spent his father's money and slept with any girl who'd have him. Her thoughts of him were being dramatically changed.

"Who would believe it? The playboy who turned good. There's no gossip or money in a good guy. They want a juicy story to display on their newspapers. I'm tired of the crap."

He trapped her against the hard wood and his body. The sudden change in him startled her. "Aren't you worried that I'll try to seduce you?" he asked.

She shook her head even as her insides melted at his closeness. He was wreaking havoc with her body.

"I'm not seduceable."

"Every woman can be seduced, Jennifer. You've just got to be willing to find out how." He leaned down and brushed his lips across hers. The electricity from the smallest touch made her gasp. She pulled back to stare into his eyes. "You feel it, too," he said. "I felt it the moment I saw you standing in my library. You've got a body to die for. Your ass is so tempting." His hand moved down to cup her butt. She moaned when he let her go.

"No, this is wrong. You're drunk."

"Not that drunk. Even if I was, take advantage of me, Jennifer. I'll make it worth your while." He ran a thumb over her lips. "Let me show you how different I can be."

The way he stared at her and the words he spoke made her want to give in and give him everything he demanded. This was the first time anything like this had ever happened to her. She felt a yearning deep down inside. Jennifer wanted to be seduced by him.

"I can see you're fighting it, baby. Give in, and let yourself live a little." His lips brushed against hers and travelled down to her throat.

She glanced around the garden and saw it was virtually empty. There was no one around to witness her seduction. Jennifer wrapped her hands around his neck and pressed her body against him. She might regret her decision in the morning, but for now, she wanted to submit to him. The power he held in the palm of his hand was intoxicating. She craved what only he could give her. For once she wanted to give in, and Patrick didn't think she was fat. He appeared to love her curves.

Pushing all of her doubts away Jennifer allowed herself to be taken.

****

Her scent would stay with him forever. He smelt oranges and spices. Patrick knew the moment he'd seen her in the library she was different. There was nothing false about her. He knew nothing else about her apart from her name, but he wanted her. The shot of lust at the sight of her had startled him. Her body moulded to him as if she'd been born to be there.

The curves of her breasts and the feel of her ass against his palm were almost too much to endure. Patrick wanted her naked and wet against the ground. He'd spotted her before she entered his library. Her brown wavy locks and the outline of her body in the gown she wore made his cock thicken. The sight of her alone was enough to make him desperate. Then she'd stared at him with her emotional brown eyes, and he was lost.

He'd heard somewhere that the eyes were the looking glass into the soul. Staring into her beautiful eyes Patrick knew the words were true. He ran his thumb over the plump flesh, relishing the feel of her against his thumb.

"You're incredibly beautiful," he said.

The blush that stained her cheeks hypnotised him. He didn't know women were still innocent enough to blush.

"You're only saying that to get into my pants."

"I'm saying it because I mean it."

Patrick cupped her face and tilted her up to look at him. Her skin was silky smooth to the touch. He caressed her face with the back of his fingers, loving the small touch.

She let out a gasp, and he knew she was as taken with him as he was with her.

Gazing down her body he saw her nipples were hard points pressed against the fabric of her gown. He followed a path with his hand and stroked the bud.

She moaned. The sound was deep and throaty.

He pulled the strap of her gown down enough to expose her naked breast. She wasn't wearing a bra. The body of the dress had one built in. Patrick glanced at her full, ripe nipple. The tip was cherry red and tight with the chill of the air.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm going to take your nipple between my lips and suck it into my mouth." He grazed the tip with his nail, watching her eyes dilate from the action. "Then I'm going to take you to the ground and fuck you until you're screaming my name. I want to feel your pussy wrapped around my cock."

Her moans turned into desperate cries. Bending down he took her bud between his lips. At the same time as he sucked her nipple, he stroked her inner thigh. He kept moving his hand up her legs until he cupped her sex. She was dripping wet. Coating his finger with her cream, he pushed his finger inside her.

He felt her fingers tighten in his hair. Closing his eyes, he nibbled and sucked at her nipple while he stroked her creamy slit. He pressed two fingers inside her channel. She pressed down on his digits taking more of him inside her.

When he could no longer take the torment, he concentrated on her clit and bringing her to orgasm.

Patrick felt her building release within seconds of his stroking her. Her breaths turned to pants, and her body shook with the need to come.

He slammed his lips down on hers when her climax took over her whole body.

For several seconds he kissed her lips and neck before easing away.

"That was amazing," she said.

The wonder on her face made him chuckle. "You act like a man has never given you pleasure before."

She looked down his body. "None as good as that," she said.

Patrick brought her fingers to his lips and licked the cream off. He enjoyed the taste of her musky cunt and wanted more of her. Patrick knew in that instant he'd never grow tired of her. There was so much more to her, and he wished to be the man to find out everything about her.

"You taste divine." He took her hand and pressed her palm against his hard cock. "Feel what you do to me. I need to do more than suck your tit and taste your cunt. I need my cock inside you. Please say you want it as well."

Jennifer moaned in his arms. Her palm stroked him through the layers of clothing.

"I want that to. I couldn't deny you, Patrick." Her head rested against his. "Fuck me," she said.

In his lifetime, many women had requested for him to fuck them. He'd hated being told what to do and when. Patrick liked being in charge. The words coming from Jennifer's lips sounded more of a plea than a command. The flush on her face made her look so tempting and delicate.

Brushing away all of his thoughts he took her hand, leading her around the back of the gazebo to relative privacy.

He kissed her lips, wanting to feel and hear her whimpers once again. Her hands wrapped around his neck pressing against him. Patrick took her to the ground and worked his hand beneath her dress. He removed his jacket and placed it on the ground before putting her on top. The grass stains would be hard for her to explain.

"I need you," he said. The urgency he felt shocked him to the core. His hands shook as he unzipped his pants. He pulled his hard cock out and stroked his shaft.

"Open your legs."

Jennifer opened her thighs for him. He stared down at her creamy slit. Her cum leaked out of her pussy.

"Please, Patrick, I want you," she said.

He pushed the top of her dress down to expose her large breasts. They filled his palm perfectly. The beaded nipple called to him. What was it about this woman beneath him that made her different from every other woman he'd been with?

Patrick grabbed his shaft and pressed the tip against her entrance. She was tight. He worked the tip of his cock inside and then grabbed her hips. Her hands grabbed his arms as he slowly eased inside her tight heat.

He'd originally wanted to fuck her hard whereas now he wanted to take it slow and draw out every touch and emotion. For the first time in Patrick Thompson's life, he wanted to make love to a woman. When she went home he wished for her to remember only his touch. Patrick craved her.

Her tight channel squeezed him as he pushed deeper inside her. He grabbed her hips and thrust inside her until he was seated to the hilt in her body.

She cried out, the sound muffled by her own hand. She'd covered her mouth as his hands were both on her.

"You feel amazing," he said.

"You do, too."

He smiled. "I like that."

"Move, please. I need you to move."

She wriggled on his cock forcing him to take notice of her need. Patrick eased out of her before pushing his way back in. The moment he withdrew he wanted inside her again.

He built a pace that prolonged their mutual pleasure. His cock throbbed in her tight cunt, but he kept thrusting inside her. She stretched to accommodate his width.

"So tight and hot and beautiful," he said. Leaning down, he kissed her lips and plunged his tongue into her mouth. She moaned, pressing her tongue against his. The desire flowed between them. He'd never felt so connected with another person in his whole life.

He growled as his release stumbled upon him. Patrick held still as his cock jerked out his release. Jennifer rubbed her clit and brought herself to climax. He watched her eyes close as her cries filled his head. She looked open and free as she let go. He couldn't tear his gaze away even if he wanted to.

Collapsing on top of her, Patrick licked her nipple feeling the stirring begin in his groin.

"You're ready to go again?" she asked.

"You're one sexy woman, Jennifer. I'm ready to keep on going."

He pushed himself up and was shocked when Jennifer pulled away. She arranged her clothing into place then brushed her lips across his.

"If you remember my name in the morning, come and find me."

Those were her parting words. He stared after her, dumbfounded. No woman walked away from him. Patrick ran his hand over his face shocked by what had just happened. Staring down at his flaccid cock he finally remembered he hadn't used protection. For the first time in his life, he'd been naked inside of a woman.

Chapter One

Jennifer Dixon couldn't keep the nausea at bay for much longer. She'd been feeling sick for a couple of weeks now, and she didn't know what had caused it. The scent of the coffee was making her want to run for the hills. Her friends continued to talk around her as if she wasn't there. At that moment she didn't mind. The thought of talking to anyone would send her over the edge. She was sweating, and her brow felt damp. The shirt she wore felt tight across her stomach and breasts. Her skin felt like it belonged to someone else.

The waiter brought over the platter of seafood, and the look of the shrimp and lobster was all it took. The entire restaurant turned to witness her shame. She threw up over the expensive platter, in front of her friends and over the hot waiter who'd been checking out one of her friends.

With the restaurant silent, her cheeks flaming, Jennifer did the only thing she could think of. She grabbed her purse and ran toward the bathroom. Rubbing a hand down her face, she stared at her reflection in the mirror. She looked fine, but her stomach didn't feel fine.

She moved to the toilet and continued to throw up.

Jennifer curled in a ball wishing the ground would open up and swallow her. The last thing she needed was to make a fool of herself. Well, she'd done that, and the restaurant would kick her ass out of there.

"Jennifer, are you okay?" The sound came from her closest friend Linda.

"How would you feel if you vomited in one of the most sought after restaurant surrounded by a bunch of girls who treated you like a disease?" she asked.

The stall to the bathroom where she was hiding opened. She stared at her long-time friend with her gorgeous blonde hair and blue eyes. Linda was slim like a supermodel. She looked delicate, fragile, and sexy as hell whereas Jennifer was the polar opposite. Jennifer had brown, mousy hair with dull, brown eyes. The word slim would never be applied to her figure. She was frumpy, and no matter how many diets she went on, none of them worked.

Her family were embarrassed by her, and her life was not turning out the way she'd like.

"Those girls don't care, Jen. You know that. They'll probably find some excuse not to invite you." Linda sat on the floor. She pulled Jennifer into her lap and stroked her hair.

"You'll have to go without me," Jennifer said.

"No, I won't. If you're not going then I'm not going. We're in this together, remember."

"Yeah, I remember."

Jennifer tightened her arm around her friend's waist. She felt comforted having her friend next to her.

"Who would want to hang around with those girls? They talk about clothes until they're red in the face. You know that has never appealed to me." Linda continued to stroke her hair.

They were silent for several minutes. Jennifer remained still in the hope that it would ease her stomach.

"Are you feeling any better?" Linda asked.

"Yes. I think I'm going to need to go to the doctor. I keep having waves of sickness, and then it goes."

She flushed the toilet, and they walked out to the sinks. Linda handed her some water. She swilled her mouth out and took the mint offered.

"It sounds to me like you're pregnant," Linda said.

Jennifer froze. "What?"

"You started to look green when the coffee came out and then the seafood tray. Are you sure you're not pregnant?" Linda opened the door.

Jennifer looked toward the table where her embarrassment occurred. The waiter and several cleaners were sorting out the mess.

"Come on. Let's get out of here." Linda led the way out of the restaurant. Jennifer watched because her friend had the parking attendant take her ticket. Minutes later, her car pulled up beside them. The attendant tried to keep Linda talking.

Jennifer walked 'round to the passenger side and climbed in. Being ignored was a regular occurrence for her. Closing the door, she waited for Linda to get in. Several minutes passed before her friend was able to get in and start the car.

"Do you have another date?" Jennifer asked.

"He wishes."

The car pulled away from the curb. Linda navigated the vehicle onto the main road before shooting questions again.

"You didn't answer me, Jen. Is there a possibility that you're pregnant?"

Jennifer felt her cheeks heat. "There is a slight possibility I could be pregnant."

"I knew it. Spill those details. What man have you been keeping from me?"

"Nothing." Jennifer rested her head on the door staring out of the window.

"Nothing? How can you being pregnant be nothing?" Linda asked. "I tell you everything, Jen. We're best friends, and we don't keep secrets. We made a pact."

"That was when we were ten years old. We're twenty-six now. That pact doesn't count."

"It does. I've told you everything. We live in the same apartment, and you know everything about me. I've not seen one guy call on you in all the years we've lived there." Linda argued with her.

"That's because a guy has never come for me."

"I don't know why. You're a hot woman when you're not throwing up over seafood."

The mention of seafood turned her stomach. "Please stop talking about food. I think I'm going to throw up again."

"If you do you're so paying for this to be cleaned."

Jennifer sat back and watched the city pass them by.

"Come on, who else are you going to tell?"

"Oh all right," she said, caving into her friend's pout. "You can't tell anyone. Not even your big brother."

"I won't tell. If you're pregnant, though, you're going to have to tell someone."

Jennifer groaned thinking of the dirty looks from her family. They already disapproved of her living with Linda. They thought her friend was a bad influence. They didn't want bad blood in the family. Her parents wanted her to go and find a man who was worthy of the Dixon name.

"It was only the one time, and he doesn't even know who I am. I don't even know if I'm pregnant. Wow, this is all one huge mistake." Jennifer pressed a hand to her temple in an attempt to stop the throbbing pain of a headache.

"When did you meet a guy and have sex? Not only that, why didn't you tell me? I've been your best friend, Jen. I thought you'd tell me everything," Linda said.

Her friend had a point.

"I don't know why I didn't tell you. I was hiding away when he walked into the library."

Linda shot her a glance. "No, no way. You had sex with a complete stranger in your parents' library?"

Jennifer blushed. "No, we didn't do it in my parents' library."

"Whew. That is not something you're going to be able to hold down."

"We did it in his," Jennifer said.

Linda pulled up at the first available parking spot. She turned towards her. Jennifer would have laughed at the situation, only her stomach was doing flip flops and her nerves were getting the better of her.

"What?"

Jennifer licked her lips and turned to her friend. "We met in his library and had sex in his garden. My parents forced me to go to his party and celebrate something. I had to go, and I hid away in the library. You know how my parents are at those things. They try to advertise my single status."

"I know this man, don't I?"

Jennifer nodded.

"Spill. What's his name?"

"Patrick Thompson."

Her friend's eyes widened in shock, dismay, and then total horror. "The Patrick Thompson?"

She jerked her head in response. "Yep, the multi-millionaire playboy who has just won a court battle from another woman claiming to be pregnant with his child."

Not only was Jennifer pregnant with his child, how was she going to convince the father of her child that she was telling the truth?

"He's a bad one, Jen. You know his reputation with women. Why did you sleep with him?" Linda asked.

She heard the concern in her friend's voice. They'd connected, and there was more to Patrick than met the eye. She'd seen it inside him. Shaking her head in confusion, Jennifer got out of the car and walked toward the nearest pharmacy. She needed to know the truth before she continued forward.

****

Several days later

Patrick Thompson downed the last of his coffee in one gulp. He was tired of being brought in front of his father like some recalcitrant child. His bad boy reputation was the bane of his existence. He liked to party and fuck women. What guy didn't? Even though his days of fucking faceless women seemed to be non-existent recently.

"So, you're not the father," Robert Thompson said.

"I told you I wasn't the father. She was just another woman trying to get a piece of the pie. I handled it."

His father slammed his fist on the table. "This is not some game you can play, Patrick. I've put up with your crap for long enough."

"What crap? I work hard and play hard. Didn't you do the same when you were my age? I'm not a child anymore. I'm a full-grown man." He was thirty-two years old and a millionaire in his own right. He'd made his first million before he turned eighteen through a website, and now he did whatever the hell he wanted to do. His father ran his own international business, and Patrick did what he wanted. Patrick had proven himself on more than one occasion. He wasn't some dumbass looking for a free ride. He worked when he needed to.

"Don't you see that your playing hard affects our good name?" Robert threw the morning papers in front of him. There was a picture of him at a party several nights ago. "Another kiss and tell story about the infamous Patrick Thompson."

Patrick rubbed the back of his neck as he looked at the photos. The woman in the picture was fabricating the story. He'd not slept with a woman in months. Apart from the little brown-haired woman at a party his father set up. Patrick thought of the other woman. Jennifer her name was. He didn't know if it was her real name or one she'd fabricated one. No one knew anything about her, and he'd figured she was part of the waiting staff who'd been trying to catch a free break.

"This is all lies. I've never slept with that woman." He put the paper on the table. The newspaper underneath caught his attention.

"It doesn't matter. People believe what they read because you've slept with numerous women before her. People who hope to invest in my company. The very people who will be looking at my son who'll inherit my company one day. Are you listening to me?"

"Who's this?" he asked, picking out a newspaper and pointing at the woman on the front page.

Robert snatched the paper off him and stared at the front page. "That's the Dixons' youngest daughter. They've been trying to get her married off I think. They were at that party I organised at your house. They're hoping to invest in one of our plans. What's the matter, Patrick?"

Patrick took the paper from his father and stared down at the woman he'd connected with.

"A vomiting incident at a seafood place is not going to be good press," Robert said.

He wasn't listening to his father. Rubbing his thumb over the page, Patrick recalled the feel of her in his arms. She'd been so damn responsive to his touch. Her cries and screams of passion would stick with him always.

"Do you know her?" he asked.

Robert sat back in his seat. "Yes, her parents are constantly trying to get her married off. She's a shy little thing. Nothing memorable about her."

He'd dispute that last part of the statement. Since that night he hadn't been able to get her out of his head.

"I've got to go." Patrick stood taking the paper with him.

The headline caught his attention far more than anything else. She'd vomited over a plate of seafood, and that night when they'd slept together, he hadn't used protection.

It didn't take a genius to work out what was wrong with her. Jennifer Dixon was expecting his child. What he wanted to know was why she still hadn't approached him about it.

Chapter Two

"It's all over the papers, Jennifer Dixon. What were you thinking? Now we're going to be the talk of the city."

Jennifer listened as her mother screamed down the phone line. She stared at the most unflattering picture she'd seen of herself and cringed. Several days had passed since the incident at the seafood restaurant.

Shaking her head she stared over at Linda who was lifting her arm to show her the time. "I'm sorry it happened. I've got to go. Love you, Mom."

"Don't you dare hang up on me, young lady."

Unable to stand the telling off, Jennifer put the phone in its cradle.

"You still haven't told them?" Linda asked, grabbing her coat.

"What is there to tell? 'Hi, Mom, I'm pregnant by a man you're never going to believe. I intend to raise this baby alone. Bye.'"

Her friend glared at her. "I think Patrick would like to know he's fathered a child."

She followed her friend out of the door. "Why? He's disputed the other claims of fatherhood attached to him. Why would he think I'm telling the truth?"

"You need to tell him," Linda said.

They headed out of the apartment. Jennifer kept her head lowered as they made it to her car. Linda was taking her to her doctor's appointment for a check-up and also to confirm she was in fact pregnant. The tests she'd done several days ago were all positive. She didn't believe them. There was no way a stick with urine on it could determine pregnancy. That method might work for the rest of the women in the world, but Jennifer continued to disbelieve it.

"You know these tests are going to confirm it as well," Linda said the moment they got into the car.

"I don't care. I need to be sure."

"I think it's so cute. You're going to have a little you and Patrick. Your baby is going to be adorable."

"Please, Linda, I love you like a sister, but shut the hell up and get me to my appointment." The words were said with all the love Jennifer could muster.

Linda patted her knee and then negotiated the city traffic. While her friend drove, Jennifer took the time to sit back and think about everything that had happened. Her mother would be on her case for the vomiting episode. The restaurant had phoned offering her a free lunch.

She gazed out of the window trying to process her thoughts.

"If Patrick turns his back on you, I'll help you raise the baby, Jen. We'll live very happily in our apartment."

Jennifer turned to her friend. "I love you," she said.

They openly admitted their feelings. They knew they loved each other as friends, not as lovers.

"BFF's forever, sister. That's what we are, right? No one is going to ruin us."

Smiling, Jennifer sat patiently. She knew she was pregnant. There was no denying the morning sickness or her tender breasts.

"Even if Patrick wants to be a father, which is highly unlikely, you'll still be my best friend, Linda." She squeezed her friend's hand trying to offer her comfort.

They were at the doctors several minutes later. Linda went inside with her. Her blood was taken, and they even asked her to give a urine sample.

She did everything they asked, and finally at the end, the nurse confirmed it with the urine sample.

"What about my blood sample? Won't that be more concrete? I mean, pregnancy tests can give a false positive, right?" Her heart was racing. Part of her had hoped the appointment would tell her she'd done the test wrong or something.

"Pregnancy tests are accurate. The blood test will confirm it, Miss Dixon. Congratulations, you're going to be a mother."

Congratulations? What kind of advice was that?

Linda helped her back into the car. The nurse said they'd call when the tests came in and what they said.

"It can't be true," she said when they were back in the car.

"Jen, you took over ten different tests. The doctors have confirmed it. When are you going to realise you're pregnant?" Linda asked.

Her cell phone started ringing. Jennifer handed the phone to Linda to answer. She couldn't talk to her mother now. What the hell was she going to do? Pressing a hand to her stomach she stared out of the window. She wasn't ready for a baby. Shit, she wasn't ready to talk to the man responsible for putting it there.

She was given her cell phone, and then Linda shut her door.

"What did she want?" Jennifer asked.

"Your mother is demanding your presence at the manor."

"No, don't take me there. I can't face them knowing this." Linda pulled out of the parking space and began driving in the direction of her parents' house. They lived outside the city in an eight bedroom manor with a front entrance that reminded Jennifer of an entrance to a hotel. She loved her parents. They didn't like the way she was living. Even though Linda was from a similar background, they felt she was a bad seed for their prospective daughter. Linda's mother had been a model. Jennifer never understood what was wrong with Linda's family. Jennifer had been accepted from a young age into their family.

"I've got to take you, Jen. You know they hate me, and it will just give them more arguments when they're at a gathering with my own parents. I'm sorry."

"Fine, you're coming inside with me, and we're leaving at the first opportunity."

"I think your brother is there as well," Linda said.

"Great, now I'll have my parents and Evan berating me. My life is about to end."

She leaned back in her chair and put a pair of sunglasses over her eyes. Seeing her parents after having been told by the doctors she was pregnant was daunting. She wanted to get a movie, curl up on the sofa, and eat ice cream. Her parents wouldn't allow her to get a job, and she had an allowance deposited into her bank account. Linda could work if she wanted. Her friend was currently writing a book in her time at home.

Jennifer pressed a hand to her stomach. "You don't think they'll make me get rid of it, do you?"

"Even your family couldn't do that."

"They'd cut me off."

"Would that be a bad thing?" Linda asked. "You'd be free to do what you wanted without fear of them demanding something from you. They've got a lot of hold over you."

Jennifer couldn't argue with her friend's assessment. When she'd left college she'd had so many plans, which had soon been nipped in the bud because her family refused to let her work. None of their friends' daughters worked. The women got married and raised a family.

"When we get home I'll order pizza and ice cream. We'll veg out on the sofa and watch soppy love stories," Linda said.

"You're such a good friend."

Linda smiled.

Jennifer climbed out of the car when Linda parked the car in her parent's driveway several minutes later. Several of the staff were preparing for the summer ball her folks liked to host. The garden was being turned into a garden fit for a queen.

She passed them, nodding her head in acknowledgement.

Linda walked by her side with her arm linked through hers. "We'll get through this. Do you remember when you climbed out of your bedroom window to my house?" Linda asked.

"This is more serious than escaping the bedroom, Linda. I'm coming home pregnant by a man I bet they don't approve of."

"I wouldn't be so sure of that, Jen," Linda said.

"Why? What do you know?"

They walked up through the entrance of the house. She turned to the left and made for the family sitting room. Linda tightened her hold on Jennifer's arm.

Jennifer saw her mother and father standing by the fire place. Her mother was on the phone while her father glared at the person sitting on the sofa.

"Hi," she said, gaining their attention.

Evan, her brother, sat in the chair in the far corner. The man on the sofa turned around to face her. Patrick Thompson was staring at her. His green eyes looked deep into her soul.

She stopped in her tracks. His green eyes were all she could make out before everything went black.

****

"Crap, she's fainted," her friend said.

Patrick reacted. Jennifer had hit the floor before he caught her. He wrapped his arms around her and lifted her onto the couch. She looked as beautiful as he remembered. In fact, she was more beautiful without the make-up and the artifice she'd been wearing that night.

"Linda, language. I know your own home may not be strict, but you'll keep your cursed language out of my home," Jennifer's mother said.

"Sorry, Mrs. Dixon." Her friend didn't leave Jennifer's side.

"You may leave, Linda," Jennifer's father said.

Patrick couldn't believe how rude they were being.

Linda turned to him. "She doesn't want me to leave her alone."

Patrick stared at Jennifer's best friend. The woman was pretty with blonde hair and blue eyes. In another time he'd have found her beautiful. Now, all he had eyes for was the woman on the sofa. "Is she?" he asked, resting a hand on Jennifer's stomach.

Nibbling her lip, her friend nodded her head.

He didn't know what to expect.

"Her friend stays," Patrick said.

"Mr. Thompson, this is my house, and I'll excuse the people I don't want," Edward Dixon said.

"Your daughter has just fainted. She doesn't want her friend to leave."

"This isn't happening," Jennifer said.

He gazed down at the woman he'd spent the most amazing night with. She rubbed her eyes looking from Linda to him and then back again.

"He's real, isn't he?" Jennifer asked.

"That's enough. Linda, move out of the blasted way while I talk to my daughter." Helen Dixon pushed Linda aside and then stood glaring down at Jennifer. "You have some explaining to do, young lady."

"No, I don't. You shouldn't be talking to my friend like that," Jennifer said. She suddenly began to move.

He noticed she pushed her dress down past her knees. Patrick also noticed the fact she refused to look at him.

"Don't talk to me like that. You've put this family through the works, Jennifer. Throwing up in a seafood restaurant and causing a scandal everywhere you go. There is nothing you can say that can defend what you did. You make us look like fools."

"I couldn't help but throw up, Mom." Jennifer stood up. Her face was red, and Patrick saw the anger blazing in her eyes.

"What excuse can you come up with now? You're not allergic to anything. Look at the size of you. When will you go on a diet and lose those extra pounds? All the men would be begging for your hand in marriage," Helen said.

"For God's sake, Mom. I threw up at that place because I'm pregnant. You're going to have to deal with me being fucking fat a little longer, okay. Please, just leave me alone," Jennifer said. In the next instant she covered her mouth looking horrified.

"What? Pregnant?" Helen asked.

Patrick felt his heart hammering against his rib cage. He'd known she was, and Linda had confirmed it. They hadn't seen each other since that night, but it was a night he'd never be able to forget.

"Yes, pregnant, and guess what? He's the father." She pointed in his direction.

"We need to calm down and talk about this," Evan said.

Patrick knew her brother. They'd been to a lot of parties together and hung out a few times.

"Talk? There is not going to be any talk. Patrick and Jennifer are getting married, and that is the last of it," Edward said.

"What?" Patrick and Jennifer said.

"You're getting married. There is no way my daughter is having your baby without a ring on her finger," Edward said.

"That's not going to happen." Jennifer folded her arms. "You're not going to force me to marry someone I don't know."

She walked right into that one.

Patrick wasn't repulsed by the idea of getting married. He was shocked by how unaffected he was. Most of the time when his parents demanded he marry, he ran in the opposite direction. Frowning, he stared at Jennifer. He wanted to marry her.

Shit, he was looking forward to being a father.

"I'm done," Jennifer said.

Without looking at him, Jennifer walked out of her parents' home leaving him behind. He stared after her, shocked. She was the first woman he believed carried his child, and she was the first woman to walk away from him.

Jennifer might not know it yet, but she'd just become the most intriguing female he'd ever met.

Chapter Three

Jennifer was scooping another spoonful of chocolate ice cream onto her spoon when the doorbell rang. She was on the sofa with Linda watching a romantic comedy. Her head pounded from being with her family that morning.

"Do you think we can leave it?" she asked, yawning.

"No. Your family are going to be pissed with you, Jen. You better get the door." Linda lifted her feet out of the way. She dumped the ice-cream carton on her friend's lap and answered the door. Patrick stood in her doorway looking every bit as sinful as he had that night she'd conceived his child.

He leaned against the doorframe. His arms were folded over his impressive chest, which outlined his thick arm muscles.

"What do you want?" she asked. Her mouth watered remembering the feel of his arms wrapped around her.

"You're expecting my baby, Jennifer. I think we need to talk."

She shook her head. "I'm not going to ask you for anything. You don't need to be here-"

"Your parents were pretty much arranging our up-coming wedding when I left. I think we need to talk about it."

"What? There is not going to be a wedding," she said. She slammed her palm against her forehead.

"Let him in, Jen. You need to talk to him." Linda was kneeling up on the sofa looking over at the door.

"Thanks for being a supportive friend," she said over her shoulder.

"Anytime."

Turning back to the gorgeous man at her door, she moved out of the way to let him enter. "Come in."

"Thank you."

"We can talk in my room." Jennifer ignored her friend and walked towards her room. She closed the door behind him. When she looked at him, she knew bringing him to her room was a mistake. He made her room feel small with him inside.

"This is your room?" he asked.

There were pictures of her with Linda and some pieces of art work. Her room was usually spacious, but with him in it, it seemed poky.

"What do you want to talk about?" she asked, getting straight to it.

"You're really going to ask me that?" He sat down on her bed. She wished she could make him leave.

"I'm pregnant. You're the father. Really, it's no big deal."

He folded his arms over his chest once again. Her gaze drifted down to the muscular shape of his thick arms. How could a man be that strong?

Focus, Jennifer, focus.

"It is a big deal."

"I'm surprised you're not demanding paternity tests and denying it all. Isn't that your MO?" she asked.

Jennifer watched his jaw tighten as he ground down on his teeth. "That was a low blow, Jennifer."

"I know. I'm sorry. My mind is all over the place. I never expected anything like this to happen. Ever." She ran her fingers through her hair. That night when they'd slept together felt like a lifetime ago. "Just the other day the news reported that you'd won a case, and it was proven you were not the father of a woman's baby. How can you not be demanding the same thing from me? Why do you believe me?"

Patrick stood up and moved over to where she was against the door. Her heart sped up at his closeness. The moment he'd touched her that night she hadn't been able to think straight. She'd have done anything he asked without thinking of the consequences. She had done everything, and now she was pregnant with his child.

"I never slept with that woman. If there was any chance the baby was mine then I'd own up to it. I know that baby is mine."

"I could be sleeping around. There could be hundreds of potential men who are the father," she said. Jennifer cringed at her own words.

Great, Jennifer. Make yourself sound like a complete slut in front of the father of your child.

"Don't do that, Jennifer. That's beneath you."

"You didn't know my name," she said.

She didn't know why she was arguing. They'd been good together for the few short hours they'd known each other.

"I knew your name was Jennifer. Did you know who I was?"

"Yes. Everyone knows who you are."

"Don't deny me, Jennifer. We made a baby together. We can handle the future together." He pressed a hand to her stomach. His other hand went over her head to rest on the door behind her. Jennifer gasped at the contact. His hand covered her stomach. She stared down at where he touched her. The electricity coursed through her body from his touch. This was how it had been that night. From the merest of touches she'd felt connected to him in the most primal of ways. "We've got this, Jennifer," he said.

"What? Sex? That is not a very good basis for a relationship," she said.

"It is more than some couples have for a marriage. We've got chemistry. You can't deny it. You're dripping wet and begging for my touch."

He leaned in close. She stared into his eyes, and her gaze dropped down to his lips.

"I'm not marrying you," she said.

"Why not?"

"Because I'm not marrying a man who can't keep it in his pants for longer than ten seconds or when the next hot woman walks by." She pushed him away and sat on her bed.

"You're judging me," he said.

"No. All my life I've been told what to do. I'm not being told who to marry. That is something I refuse to do," she said. She felt the tears fill her eyes. Brushing them away with the back of her hand, she stared up at Patrick.

He got down on one knee in front of her, taking her hand in his.

"Marry me, Jennifer."

"You don't know me."

"We can do that later on. We can get to know each other in time."

She shook her head. "No. I don't want to do that. What we had was fun, but that's all it is ever going to be. Fun. I don't want anything else from you." Jennifer pulled her hand free from his.

"You were different," he said.

Jennifer looked at him. She felt like a complete bitch turning him away. He'd been different as well. She'd known about his reputation, and he'd talked like there was no tomorrow.

"Sorry. I'll never keep your child from you," she said.

"You better not."

****

Patrick couldn't believe it. The one woman he was prepared to marry and she was running away from him as if he was a disease. He stared down at Jennifer and saw she was scared. Bloody hell, he was scared, too. They'd made a baby together. He or she was currently growing inside her, and Patrick didn't want to miss a moment of it.

"This isn't over, Jennifer. I'll be back, and I'll show you I can be a man you want."

He closed her door behind her. Linda, her friend, stood guarding the front door. "What?" he asked.

"She's scared. Her family make her nervous. Don't move on because she's pushing you away."

"This is none of your business. Stay out of it," he said.

"You've got a reputation of using women, Patrick. She knows that, and still she slept with you."

"There was not a lot of sleeping involved." He was being an ass, but he was hurt. For the first time he was prepared to do the right thing, and Jennifer pushed him away.

"Stop being a jerk. Look at this from her perspective. How would you feel if she was a greedy gold-digger using you for your money? She's nervous. Give her time, and she'll come around."

He stared at her friend. Linda clearly loved her. He understood. In the short time they'd spent together he'd seen how special Jennifer was.

"I'm not going anywhere. Tell Jennifer that." Patrick brushed past her friend and made his way out of her apartment. The fresh air did nothing to calm his sexual hunger. The moment he got close to her, he'd felt desire spring inside him. He wanted her, and that hadn't gone away.

Her family would be persistent. He knew that.

Patrick was going to be a father. He still couldn't believe it, no matter how many times he said it to himself.

He was dazed by the news. On the drive back to his home he stopped off at a store that specialised in baby products. Without thinking, he got out of his car and wandered up and down the aisles. Women stopped and muttered to each other. He ignored their presence and concentrated on buying something for his baby.

The other women meant nothing to him. He was going to show Jennifer he meant to be a real father and a real husband to her. That night she'd given him a chance, and he was more than willing to show her he deserved plenty more chances.

Picking up a couple of teddy bears and some newborn clothing, he paid for his purchases and made his way out to his car.

When he got home, he dumped his purchases on the kitchen counter. He checked his messages and then fired up his laptop. His father might think he spent a great deal of his time partying and fucking, but he still worked.

He was currently investing in a company that helped disadvantaged children. Once he checked his email, he put a call through to his father.

"You better have a good reason why Edward Dixon is phoning me every ten minutes," Robert said.

"I knocked his daughter up."

There was silence at his comment. He'd been purposefully crude with his statement.

"What?"

"You heard me. Jennifer Dixon, the girl from the newspaper article on your desk this very morning. I'm the reason she vomited at the seafood place. She's pregnant with my baby."

He heard his father collapse into a nearby chair. "I can't believe you."

"She won't marry me, either. Looks like you're going to have a grandson coming into the world without the benefit of wedlock."

Patrick hung up the phone. The last thing he needed was to hear his father berate him. He grabbed a beer out of the fridge and wandered through his house. For too long he'd been living an empty life. He was tired of being alone. In her own way, Jennifer was offering him something he'd wanted for a very long time.

He'd wanted a family of his own. Their parents were going to interfere with their lives. He knew that, and he'd put money on it that Jennifer would know it as well.

They didn't have a lot of choices open to them. He swigged down his beer and moved into his library. Staring out of the window, he gazed in the direction of where his son or daughter had been conceived.

Whatever happened, Jennifer and their child would want for nothing. He'd see to that.

Chapter Four

"You're going to have to talk to him, Jen. You can't put it off," Linda said through the door.

Jennifer was vomiting down the toilet the following morning and feeling like crap. "I'm not going to see him."

She refused to let her friend enter the bathroom. The room stank of sick and depression. She was depressed. Since yesterday she'd struggled to get Patrick out of her head. He was all she thought about. No man deserved that much attention. Not even the father of her baby. The doctors had called and informed her that the blood tests were positive. She'd demanded they get the results as fast as they could. Money was good for a lot of things, and getting the best care was high on the list.

"He's not going to back down, Jen. You may as well come to terms that Patrick Thompson is going to be part of your life."

Growling at the door, Jennifer heaved down the toilet and then flushed it away. She crawled to the sink and pulled herself up. Her face was pale, and sweat dotted her brow.

"You can't go through this alone," Linda said.

With a toothbrush sticking out of her mouth, she opened the door and looked at her friend. "I thought you were going to help me?"

"I was. I am. I'll always be here for you, Jen. You know that, but Patrick wants to be part of this baby's life, and I think you should let him. I saw the way he looked yesterday. He was sad but determined to be with you."

Jennifer pulled the toothbrush out of her mouth. "He wants to be around for the baby's sake. I can't be with someone who doesn't want to have anything to do with me. I'm not built that way."

"Then you need to go and talk to him. He wants more than the baby, Jen. Patrick remembered you, and he was the one that was there at your folks' place. You need to give him the benefit of the doubt with this one. Trust him."

Linda handed her a summer dress and turned to leave. Jennifer closed the door. She finished brushing her teeth and then washed herself in the shower. Her friend had a point. Closing her eyes, she enjoyed the feel of the warm water cascading down her body. The heat felt good, and so did the thinking about Patrick. Her body was hot for him.

She turned the shower off. Jennifer dried her body and then dressed in the summer dress Linda had given her. Brushing her hair, she left the long brown locks flowing down her back. When she opened the door, Linda was waiting with a slice of dry toast and her purse.

"The taxi is downstairs waiting for you. Let me know how you get on," Linda said.

"I don't think this is a good idea," Jennifer said, staring at the closed door.

"It's a good idea because it is one of mine."

Jennifer walked down to the waiting taxi. She knew where Patrick lived and gave the driver directions for his house.

She sat back thinking about his possession that night in the garden. He'd been so different from how he portrayed himself toward the world. Patrick was a different person. He acted up for the camera.

Pushing all of her thoughts about him to the back of her mind, she enjoyed the ride to his place in silence. The sun was glaring down through the windows. She felt perspiration cover her skin even though she was wearing a light summer dress.

The taxi pulled up outside his house. She paid the driver some money and climbed out. The gate towards the side was open, and she slipped through. The door to the house was ahead of her. Breathing in the fresh air, she pressed on the doorbell.

Several minutes passed, and then Patrick opened the door. He wasn't wearing a shirt. His chest was exposed for her to see. Licking her lips, she stared down the length of his body. Her heart jumped in her chest. They hadn't gotten completely naked that night, but she'd seen enough of him to know she liked what she saw.

"Jennifer," he said.

"Patrick. I know I didn't call to warn you I was coming over. I don't have your phone number, and I've got no way to contact you." She was mumbling, and she couldn't stop. "Linda told me we had to talk about everything. I remembered where you lived from the last time. Erm, if you don't want to talk, I understand. I can come back another time or not."

Stop talking, Jennifer.

He took a step toward her. She stayed frozen to her spot on his steps. One of his hands cupped her cheek as the other wrapped around her waist. Patrick pulled her in close. "It's one of the nicest surprises I've had in my life."

She watched his head lowering. Jennifer licked her dry lips and knew his intent. His lips brushed hers. The touch was light to start with. His lips were hard against her. He moaned, and within moments her arms were wrapped around his neck and he was pulling her inside. She couldn't stop herself. Her body heated under the onslaught of his kiss.

"I've wanted to do that since you left me," he said, nibbling her lips.

Jennifer looked up at him. Her cheeks were heated, and her pussy was dripping wet. His lips were made of pure sin, she was sure of it.

"You feel it, too."

"I feel it." She pressed her body against him feeling the pull of attraction. The time apart had been too long.

"Fuck it," he said. Patrick pressed her against the wall. His hands roamed her body as he pressed a knee between her thighs. She moaned, and her fingers sank into the length of his dark black hair. His hands moved down to her thighs. She felt his fingers grazing up her leg. The summer dress was pulled up, and then his palm cupped her pussy.

Jennifer cried out from his touch.

"That's it. Let me hear your screams," he said.

Her cries grew louder when he sucked on her neck. She felt her nipples tighten to hard buds. His free hand cupped her breasts in his palm.

Biting down on her lips, she watched him tug the straps of her dress down her arms. When her breasts didn't free fast enough, he tore the dress and yanked the material from her body.

Jennifer didn't have time to argue. Her body was begging for his touch. She wanted him desperately.

****

Patrick couldn't handle having her only in his thoughts. He needed something else from her. He needed to feel her warm, wet body against his own. He stared down at her gorgeous tits, and the sight awakened a hunger inside him. She was not model thin but round, curvy, and fucking sexy. He'd been with plenty of women with no curves. Their bodies were flesh and bone. He'd become addicted to a brown haired siren with flesh, curves, and a pussy so tight he thought he was going to die the moment he sank inside her.

Pressing his palm against her panties, he felt her wet cum leaking into the fabric. Jennifer was not immune to him. She wanted him as much as he wanted her.

Pushing her panties aside he plunged two fingers into her willing cunt.

She moaned, thrusting down onto his fingers. Patrick finger-fucked her tight pussy, getting her ready to take his cock.

Her fingers clawed at his trousers trying to pull them off.

"Please, I need you," she said.

He pulled out of her cunt and removed his trousers. She went to her knees before him taking his thick shaft between her lips. He watched her suck him deep. Closing his eyes, he relished the feel of her sweet mouth on him. She was so beautiful and sexy. He opened his eyes as he wanted to see the passion on her face. The need he felt shone in her eyes.

"That's it, baby. Take me in your mouth. Suck it deep." She cupped his balls in her palm, and her other hand worked the base of his shaft.

When he could no longer stand her attention, he pulled on her hair until she rose to her feet. He lifted her against the wall. Her weight did not bother him. She leaned against the wall, and he stared up at her. Flicking his tongue over her nipple, he watched her eyes dilate with arousal.

"Say you want me," he said.

"I want you."

"Tell me to fuck you."

"Fuck me, Patrick."

He pressed the head of his shaft against her entrance. Her eyes widened, and then a scream escaped her lips. Patrick seated himself to the hilt inside her body.

Her pussy pulsed around his cock. Patrick felt her squeeze him tight. The feel of her tight cunt was like heaven to him.

"Fuck, you feel amazing," he said. He rested his head against her neck breathing in her glorious scent. Patrick felt her shuddering around him. Her orgasm wouldn't take long.

"Patrick?"

He stared up at her. Her gaze was dazed, and he saw the confusion in her eyes. She didn't know what to make of their time.

"This is us, Jennifer. No backing out," he said.

She nodded her head. Her hands wrapped around his neck. He pulled out of her tight heat and then plunged inside her to the hilt. Her breathy moans undid him. She was perfect, and he never wanted to let her go.

Patrick pulled out of her cunt and watched his cock glisten in the sunlight shining through the hall. Slowly, he eased inside her again, drawing out the pleasure.

Returning his gaze to her face he watched her glorious tits bounce with each slam of his hips against hers.

"You're mine, Jennifer. My woman, the mother of my child, and I'm never letting you go." He didn't understand why he felt this way. They barely knew each other, and yet he felt a deep connection to her. He felt possessed by her. There was no other woman out there that he wanted. Pushing those thoughts and doubts to the back of his mind he fucked Jennifer against the wall. He relished every ripple and moan coming from her exquisite body. Her curves felt perfect in his hands. Patrick slammed inside her. His thrusts increased as the start of his orgasm began.

He plunged inside her and then moaned when he felt his release spill out of the tip of his cock.

When he came down from his release he felt ashamed. Jennifer hadn't reached her orgasm. Staying inside her, Patrick pressed his finger to her clit and stroked. Within moments she shuddered around his cock. Pressing his head to her neck, he sucked on the love bite he'd already given her.

"I didn't come here for sex," she said.

"This is the one area we agree on everything." He kissed the tips of her breasts loving the sight of the blush covering her body.

"We need to talk."

"All I want to hear you say is 'yes, Patrick, I'll marry you," he said.

"You didn't even propose to me. My parents suggested marriage. Actually they demanded marriage between us. I'm not marrying you because of that."

"I asked you to marry me, Jennifer. You simply refused." He pressed his head against her breasts allowing his mind to come back to him. His cock, now soft, was still inside her tight heat. Patrick should have known she'd be difficult. She was the only woman to not accommodate him.

"Why are you being so difficult?" he asked.

"Why aren't you freaking out? You're going to be a father with a woman you don't even know."

He shrugged his shoulders.

"Seriously, you don't care?"

"If you want me to demand a paternity test then fine, I'll demand a damn test. I'm sorry for believing you're not the type of woman to go sleeping around. Maybe I should treat you like a slut and put your name through the dirt. Is that what you want?" he asked. His anger got the better of him, and he lashed out.

She slumped in his arms. "I'm sorry. I'm freaking out, and I can't handle the fact you're being so accepting and happy about it. I'm scared, Patrick. I know nothing about you."

"We talked, Jennifer. I've never been like that with another woman."

"What are we going to do?" she asked.

He saw the tears glistening in her eyes, and underneath the tears he recognised the fear.

"First, I'm taking you up to my bathroom and letting you have a shower. You'll wear one of my shirts to keep you warm. Then, you'll come down stairs, and I'll make us some lunch. Then we'll talk. We'll talk about us and the baby. Everything on your mind, we'll talk about it. Okay." He cupped her face and kissed her lips. Patrick knew he'd do anything to see a smile on her lips.

"Okay."

"Good. I'm not going to fuck this up, Jennifer. I won't." He kissed her again before easing out of her cunt. The moment he was free he wanted to be inside her once again.

Chapter Five

The water felt good over her heated skin. Her pussy was tender from his passion. Jennifer didn't mind the slight ache. His passion had been a welcoming relief to revulsion. She hadn't known how much he'd drunk that night in the garden. Patrick might have thought he'd slept with a woman far prettier and slenderer than she was.

She grabbed a bottle of shampoo, poured some into her palm, and rubbed it into her hair. Washing away the worries made her feel a million times better. She'd be able to talk to him. Her attraction for him hadn't diminished in pregnancy. Closing her eyes she pressed a hand to her stomach. There was no way for her to voice her feelings. She was happy, scared, and totally joyous at the thought of being a mother.

Once the shower was done, she turned off the dial, grabbed a towel, and climbed out. When she was dry Jennifer moved through to the main bedroom.

His sheets were still ruffled from a night's sleep. She touched the sheets imagining him lying on the soft cotton. Did he sleep naked?

"Stupid. This is never going to work," she said.

The shirt he'd promised was thrown on a chair. She put the shirt on before combing her hair. Glancing around the room, she made her way down the stairs. Jennifer found him in the kitchen slicing up tomatoes. She leaned against the doorframe taking in every part of him.

His arms flexed with each slice. She loved his arms wrapped around her. Jennifer loved a lot of things about him. He looked up as if he'd sensed her gaze.

Patrick stared down the length of her body. She felt conscious of her thick thighs, and she tugged the shirt down.

"What's the matter?" she asked.

Did he wish she was someone else?

She couldn't read anything from his expression.

"Nothing. Take a seat. I'll be finished with our lunch soon." He pointed at the end of the counter. Without argument, she sat down and waited for him to finish.

He placed a plate filled with chicken salad and bread in front of her. "I'm not an expert cook, but I can put a salad together in no time."

Patrick joined her with his own plate of food. She noted his plate was filled with more food than hers.

"Thank you," she said.

"How was your shower?"

"Wonderful. It felt really nice." She took a bite of chicken. "Thank you," she said, adding the last for something to say.

"Stop saying thank you. It's unnecessary."

She felt his gaze on her, which only made her nervous.

"Will you stop staring?" she asked.

"Why? I like what I see. Are you hormonal or something? Is that why you have an attitude?"

Jennifer glared at him and then stopped. "I don't know. I'm freaking out."

"Why?"

"I'm pregnant, and I don't really know you, at all. I'm scared, and my parents are forcing you into thinking you want to marry me. Not to mention what the whole world is going to think about you marrying me."

He stopped her tirade when he placed his hand over hers. "Stop talking."

She closed her mouth. Patrick took her hand within his. He placed a kiss to her knuckles and then stared at her for several minutes.

"I don't care what the rest of the world thinks, Jennifer. I care about what you think. How you're feeling. The rest of the world can go to hell. No one will force me to do something I don't want to do. Your parents are not forcing me to do anything. I want to marry you."

"Because of the baby," she said. The first time a guy wanted to marry her, and it was because she was the one carrying the package.

"No. I want to marry you because I like you. I've never been open with another woman before, Jennifer. You're different, and you're not like any other woman."

"Great, we're marrying because we like each other."

He dropped her hand. "I think liking each other is a pretty good start. Could you even imagine being married to me and hating my guts?"

She shook her head. Patrick was right.

"We know nothing about each other," she said, biting her lip. Her argument sounded pathetic.

"Ask me any question you want. I'll answer it."

She stared at him. Patrick picked up his fork and began eating.

"Okay, I'll start. How many guys have you slept with before me?" he asked.

She paused with a piece of chicken perched in front of her lips.

"You're asking me that question?"

He nodded. "Yep, how many guys have you slept with? I want to know who I'm up against."

Jennifer tried to stop the blush filling her cheeks.

"Erm, can we talk about something else?" She moved her salad around the plate.

"That many?"

She shook her head. "No. I've had one guy. That's all."

He stopped, and she felt his stare right down to her soul. She dropped her head and concentrated on her salad.

"One guy? That's it. One?" Patrick held up his index finger.

"Don't make a big thing out of it. Yes, one guy and then I found out he was only doing it to try to keep me out of the way so his friend could be with Linda. It was humiliating, and I never wanted to repeat that experience of being that. I've not slept or had sex with another man again until you. You broke my six year fast." She might as well put it all out on the table. He should know who he was marrying.

He took her hand. "I thought you'd have at least five or something."

"No. I've had two men, and that's including you." She pulled her hand away not wanting him to touch her.

"You're a passionate woman, Jennifer. You shouldn't be afraid to show it."

She tucked her hair off her face and stared at him. "How many women have you slept with?" she asked.

"Enough to know you don't want the answer."

Shrugging her shoulders she went back to her food. "This tastes good."

"Can you cook?" he asked.

"Yes. It is one of the few things I actually like to do."

"Where did you learn?"

She smiled. "Cookery shows and books. Linda is my tester, and she thinks I'm pretty good. I haven't killed her, obviously, and she's never had food poisoning."

He chuckled. "I'd love for you to cook for me sometime."

"I imagine I'll have plenty of occasions to cook."

His gaze drifted down to her stomach. She saw the arousal fill his eyes as he stared at her stomach. "Do you have any idea how turned on I am? I made you pregnant the first time we were together."

Her pulse leaped in her throat. "It's a bit archaic, but I can see why you'd like that. You feel all manly."

"No, it's like you were supposed to be the woman I was with."

"You're talking funny, Patrick."

She watched him shake himself.

"You're right. I'm not making much sense."

****

His cock was thick with need. Didn't she have any idea how sexy she looked in his shirt? Patrick wanted to bend her over the table and fuck her hard. Her body was to die for. He knew he could sink himself inside her warm heat and never want to leave.

She'd taken over his world within a matter of moments.

He thought about her answer to his question. She'd only been with one man. He didn't like her being with anyone else but him. Whoever the jerk had been, he'd wipe her memory of him. He felt possessed with the need to prove to her he was worth her time. The baby she was carrying was a godsend to him. He wanted her and the baby.

"The food is pretty good. The chicken is great."

"I had it left over from last night," he said. "I hate wasting food."

She smiled. "I'm the same. I love trying to find new ways to cook with it."

If he'd said that to any of the other women he'd been with they would have wrinkled their nose. Half of the women he had dated survived on a celery stick. They never appreciated cooking.

He leaned over the counter and took her hand.

"I'm not going to make a run for it," she said.

"I know. I'd catch you before you made it out of the door." He smiled at the blush that filled her cheeks. She looked so damn charming.

"For a playboy, you sound quite possessive."

"What did I tell you, Jennifer? Don't believe everything you read about in the news."

"I'll remember that." She laughed. Patrick loved the sound and wanted to hear her laugh more often.

"Do you want a drink?" he asked.

"Water will be fine."

He went and got an orange juice for himself and a glass of water for her.

Sitting down, he picked up his fork and started eating.

"Your parents are not going to leave this alone, Jennifer," he said.

Patrick had known from the moment he saw the headline of her throwing up that this was not going to go away easily. He didn't want it to go away.

She nodded her head. "I know. Does your father, I mean, do your parents know about it?" "Yes, they want to know what we're going to do about it."

"They left the decision up to you?" She looked up at him. He saw the shock in her eyes.

"No, they didn't leave it up to me. I know what they're going to try to do," he said.

"I don't know what you mean, Patrick. I'm a little lost."

Taking a deep breath, he stared into her beautiful lost eyes. She really was a lovely woman.

"Our parents have been working on a business deal together. They want to expand their operations, and the Dixon and Thompson names would be unbelievable."

The tears filled her eyes as she realised what he was trying to say.

"A marriage between our families would be perfect. So, our incident has given them a bigger opportunity to expand?"

"Yes."

"Was that night planned?" she asked.

He'd known she'd come to that conclusion. The moment he'd gotten off the phone with his father he'd thought the same way. "After talking with my dad I thought the same thing about you for a second."

"You think I was there to seduce you?"

"Don't sound so shocked. You'd be surprised how many women have tried that." He felt defensive. The incredulous tone in her voice affected him. He wasn't that bad a catch.

"I've never thrown myself at a man because my parents wish it, Patrick. I'm not that kind of woman."

Patrick squeezed her hand. "It was a lucky coincidence between us, Jennifer. Nothing more. We met, and there was a lot of chemistry."

She nodded her head. "We're all acting a little crazy."

"Look at me," he said.

Her gaze met his.

"I want you to listen to me, and don't interrupt. I've got an idea that could suit us all."

"I'm listening, Patrick."

Licking his lips, he allowed the idea to form and sink in. "What if we don't get married, at least not right away? I know our parents want us to get married, but we don't have to do as they say."

She remained quiet for him to continue.

"We'll be together, Jennifer. I'll want you to move in here with me, and we'll make a go of it. We'll see if we can be together, and then when the baby is born or before-it's up to you-we can get married then. What do you think?"

"Our parents wouldn't allow it."

"Our parents can go to hell. This is our future. Mine, yours, and the baby's future we're thinking about."

"The media will have a field day with this," she said.

"Do you really care what a load of papers say about us?"

She shook her head.

"If we do this then you can't go with any other woman, Patrick. If you go with someone else then the deal is off."

"Baby, with you here there is no other temptation."

"We're really doing this?" she asked.

"I think we're really doing this," he said.

"Okay, I'm going to talk to Linda first."

He smiled. By the end of the week Jennifer would be in his home, by his side at all times. He couldn't wait.

Chapter Six

"Your parents are going to hit the roof," Linda said later that afternoon.

"It's a really good idea." Jennifer stared at her friend as Linda walked from the kitchen into the sitting room.

"If both of your parents are trying to do some kind of merger, do you really think they'll settle for the two people who can guarantee its success, simply living together?"

Linda took the seat next to her.

"I hadn't thought about that," she said.

"I think it's a brilliant idea. Your parents won't. They're way too controlling to allow anything like that. I'm with you, Jen." Linda handed her a drink then eased back.

"He thought of it," she said.

"He seems really nice." Linda grabbed the remote and pressed the television on.

"What's the matter?" Jennifer asked.

"Nothing. I'm just going to miss you. This place won't be the same without you here."

Jennifer wrapped her arms around her friend. "I'm so sorry."

"No, it's me. I'm being silly. I'm so happy for you, and all I'm thinking about is myself." Linda sniffled. "He'll let me visit?"

"Of course. Patrick is not some kind of ogre," Jennifer said.

The rest of the day was uneventful. Jennifer hated the thought of leaving Linda, but she knew she had little choice. Pressing a hand to her stomach she wondered what the future would bring.

The following morning, Patrick picked her up from her apartment. She'd packed two suitcases worth of clothes ready to leave.

"That's it?" he asked. He looked into the apartment. "None of this is your furniture?"

"It is, but I'm not taking anything else with me. Linda is staying here."

"Where is your friend?"

"She's out. She didn't want to see me leave."

Biting her lip, she looked back at her apartment. There were so many beautiful memories in the place she'd lived. They'd shared Christmases and birthdays together.

Shaking her head, she turned back to Patrick. "I'm ready."

"You don't look it."

"I'll be fine in a few days. I'm not used to change, and this should be good for me." He took her case from her, and then they started walking together down to his waiting car.

"Just so you know, you'll be sharing a room with me."

She chuckled. "I never expected anything else," she said.

"Also, I think we should talk to our parents together. We show a united front, and they'll back down. I guarantee it." He opened her door for her.

"Is that where we're going now?" she asked.

"I thought you'd like to get it out of the way before settling into your new place."

"You've already arranged it all," she said.

"Of course. I'm efficient. Also, I've arranged an appointment for you to see one of the leading birth specialists. I want to be part of it all."

"Patrick, I'll take care of the doctor side of things. I don't want to see someone who I don't know."

He closed her door and then climbed in his own side. "Can we talk about it?" he asked.

"No, this is my body, and I'll have the doctor I trust to take care of me."

He looked like he wanted to argue with her. She shook her head. "No arguing. When you're carrying my baby then you get to pick which doctor you want to see."

"You're going to test me at every turn."

"Yep, and you're going to test me. This is going to be an interesting few months, Mr. Thompson."

He leaned over and kissed her lips. "Mr. Thompson, huh? I like the sound of that."

Patrick took her lips in an intense kiss that left her gasping for breath. He pulled away and stared into her eyes. "The sooner we can finish lunch the sooner I get you into my bed," he said.

Her pussy melted at his words. "You're going to keep me busy, aren't you?"

"No, I'm going to make sure by the time junior pops out, you're going to be ready to marry me."

He pulled away and started up the car. Jennifer chuckled at his words. They'd known each other a short time, but already she felt herself falling for him. Love was such an idiotic emotion, but that is what she was starting to feel for him.

"Please tell me you haven't picked a seafood restaurant?" she asked.

"No, I saw the paper. You really did a number on that place. Did it smell or something?"

"Don't start. You know why I threw up."

Patrick chuckled.

"I picked a nice little Italian restaurant. Your parents should love it," he said.

"How did they take the news that we wanted to see them together?"

"I think they're expecting a proposal and a ring."

"This is going to be a long lunch then," she said, gazing out of the window.

He caressed her thigh. "Not if I can help it."

Patrick helped her out of the car when they pulled up to the restaurant half an hour later. She watched as he gave the keys to the man waiting and then escorted her in. The maitre d' was waiting for him. He escorted them to a seat in the back where she saw her parents waiting. The other two people she figured were Patrick's parents.

"Mom, Dad, this is Jennifer Dixon," he said.

"Lovely to meet you." She shook their hands and took the seat Patrick pulled out for her.

Her parents greeted Patrick as he sat down. Keeping her hands in her lap, she stared across the table. The parents looked menacing with their penetrating gaze.

"She's different from your other women, Patrick," his mother said.

Gazing down at her plate she tried to think of something to say.

"Don't start, Mom."

The waiter brought them the menus.

"Are you okay, dear?" her mother asked. Jennifer looked up at Helen. There was concern on her face. She rarely saw her mother showing any emotion other than annoyance.

"I'm fine."

Patrick squeezed her leg offering her comfort. The contact made her jump, which jolted the table.

"Sorry," she said.

His mother sent her a scowl and started muttering to herself.

"Stop panicking. We've got this." He leaned over to whisper in her ear.

Her blush intensified as he kissed her neck. Did he know how he was affecting her? Her body was aware of him in the most basic of ways.

They gave their orders for lunch. She noticed their mothers both ordered a salad with everything removed. Jennifer went for the same so they wouldn't be glaring at her.

Patrick frowned at her, and she shook her head. He didn't argue with her choice, and for that she was thankful.

"So, son, do you have some news for us?" Robert asked.

He took her hand, kissing her knuckles. "We have some news, and we don't think you're going to like all of it."

"Before we get started, how did you two meet?" His mother butted in, asking her own questions.

"At a party in the library," he said.

Jennifer's words failed her. His mother looked terrifying.

"How charming."

"Shut up, Susan." His father growled at the woman next to him. Patrick kept hold of Jennifer's hand throughout it all. "What news?"

"Well, Jennifer is pregnant with my child. She got confirmation from the doctors, and we're ready to settle down together."

"Are you sure the baby is yours?" Susan said.

"But we've decided not to marry yet." Patrick went on ignoring his mother.

"What?" Helen asked.

"We're going to spend the next nine months getting to know each other, and then we're going to decide if we should take the next step," he said.

Jennifer let him lead the conversation. She couldn't think of a single decent thing to add to it.

"You're not bringing my grandbaby into this world without marrying my daughter," Helen said.

Jennifer heard the outrage in her mother's voice and cringed at her shrill tone.

So the argument began.

****

Patrick wondered how his future mother-in-law would react if he covered his ears. Her voice was irritating. He glanced at Jennifer and saw she was embarrassed by her mother's attitude. They'd be fighting their parents' attitude for years to come. He knew there was no changing their minds. Susan, his mother, despised Jennifer. He saw it in her eyes as she assessed the woman at his side. What was wrong with Jennifer? She was nothing like the other women he dated.

She's nothing like the women your mother has thrown at you either.

No, Susan would never be happy until he did as he was told.

Jennifer's hand shook inside his, and he felt a possessive wave sweep through him. They made her nervous, and he didn't like the affect it was having on her.

He eased his chair back and stood. Keeping a firm grip on her hand he addressed their parents.

"We didn't come here asking for your opinion or getting your approval. This is what we've decided. You either accept that, or leave us alone. Come on, Jennifer, we've got stuff to do."

Jennifer followed behind him on their way out to the car. He helped her inside the passenger seat before taking the wheel.

"Linda said they wouldn't allow it," she said.

"Ignore them. They can't control us, and this is what we've decided."

"Sooner or later we're going to have to face the music. I hope it's much later." She eased back in her chair. He watched out of the corner of his eye as she lowered the window.

"Are you all right?"

"I feel a little sick. Nothing is seriously wrong with me."

"How are you dealing with the sickness and the side effects?"

She chuckled. "You make it sound like I'm on drugs or something. I'm dealing with it. The sickness is horrible, but I imagine every woman feels that way. I ache, and most of my energy feels zapped. It is like I've run thousands of miles, and yet I've only walked from one room to another."

"Sounds awful."

Jennifer reached down into her purse and pulled out a list. "Linda organized a list for us. It has books and stores we can visit. She was very thorough."

"You're really good friends, aren't you?"

She nodded. "We've been friends since we were little. My parents don't approve. Her mother was some kind of model, which they think is appalling. I don't care. Linda is amazing, and I wouldn't trade her for the world."

"How did she handle the news of the baby?"

"Like a friend does. She said if you wanted nothing to do with me or the baby then she'd happily step into the role, and we'd raise the baby together."

He laughed. Patrick saw the two women fawning over a baby. "I can see it."

They were silent for a few moments.

"Are you happy about the baby?" she asked.

"At first I was shocked. I got over that pretty quickly. I'm happy with the baby. Are you happy?" He glanced over at her quickly. Her hand rested on her belly.

When would she start showing?

Patrick imagined her without any clothes on and ripe with his baby. The image turned him on more than he thought possible.

"I think so. I don't feel ready for a child. Who does, though?"

He parked the car inside his garage and took her suitcases from the back of the car. She stood waiting for him. "I'll get you a key to the house," he said.

Unlocking the door, he nudged her inside.

"You're very bossy when you want to be," she said.

"All the time, babe." She chuckled as he put her suitcases near the door. "I want to show you something."

He took her hand leading her up the stairs. The grand tour would happen later. Patrick opened the door next to his room. "I was thinking this could be the nursery," he said.

She stepped inside the room. At the moment the walls were a plain white, and there were some drawers and cabinets along one wall.

"What was this room?" she asked.

"This is where I made my fortune. The idea started in this room, and I signed the papers that made me a very rich man in this very room."

"Are you sure you want it as a nursery? There are a lot of happy memories here."

He glanced around the space. The decision to turn it into a nursery had been one of the hardest choices of his life. "I'd like my son or daughter to sleep here. It might give them good luck for the future," he said.

"You're going to be an amazing father."

"I hope so."

Patrick grabbed the bags filled with the baby stuff he'd bought the other day.

"I want you to see this."

He began to pull out some toys and clothing.

"When did you get this?" she asked.

"After I found out about you being pregnant. What do you think?"

"They're beautiful. I can't believe you did this."

He kissed her head, loving the way she sounded. In that moment he knew he could do this.

Chapter Seven

The press had a field day when the papers showed Patrick going into a baby store the following day. Jennifer sat at the counter eating her bowl of cereal as the telephone started. Patrick stood behind her. One of his hands touched her shoulder as the other rested on the counter. They stared at the paper together.

"You didn't know you were being followed?" she asked.

"This was taken from someone's camera. I wasn't followed by the press. Someone sold their picture for money." He cursed.

Her cell phone went off, which made her jump.

"You shouldn't be worried, Patrick. We knew this was going to happen eventually."

"I'd hoped we'd be the ones to announce it. Half the world knows something now."

Linda's picture flashed on her screen. "I've got to take this."

"Go ahead. I'll answer the one that has been ringing off the hook."

"This is your home, Patrick. Not mine." He took a step toward her, cupping her face.

"This is your home as well, Jennifer. We're in this together." Patrick kissed her lips deeply before disappearing out of the kitchen and down the hall.

"Hello," she said.

"Have you seen the news? The press is having a field day with this story." Linda spoke over the phone.

"We've seen the paper, and his phone is ringing. He's a popular guy."

"You've not been mentioned yet. I imagine it won't take them long to put two and two together."

Jennifer listened to her friend babble on about the news and what they were saying.

"How was your first night together?" she asked.

Glancing over her shoulder to see if he was listening, Jennifer walked toward the door at the back of the kitchen.

"It was amazing. He went shopping after he found out about the baby, Linda. That has got to mean something, right?"

"He's smitten, honey. He looks it on these clips on the news. I missed you last night. Waking up in this place is not the same without you."

"It was strange being here."

They spoke for several more minutes, and when she hung up, Patrick walked through.

"You don't look happy."

"I've been asked to make a statement to the press. I thought we could announce our engagement to the press later this afternoon," he said.

"Engagement? Patrick, we're living together. That is not an engagement."

"Dad thinks this will go better if we're engaged rather than living together."

She put her empty bowl in the sink and stared at him. Putting her hands on her hips she tried to think of a reasonable argument.

"This is how it's going to go? We're going to be controlled by them no matter what?"

He took a step forward. "We're not being controlled."

"No? Then why are we making a statement? Can't we just continue on as if this never happened?" She pointed at the offending paper and then back at him.

"Our lives don't work that way, Jennifer. You know this."

Shaking her head, she backed away from him. "I need to get some air." She opened the door leading out into the garden. Jennifer heard his footsteps as he followed her. She continued on until she stood inside the gazebo. This was where they'd first kissed.

"What are you thinking?" he asked.

She turned and stared back at the house. "I never expected anything that night. We were talking, and then you were kissing me."

"One thing led to another, and we're standing here waiting for whatever to happen next. I get it, Jennifer."

"You don't get it. If you got it, you wouldn't be trying to announce to the world we're engaged. We're not engaged."

"I know."

"How do you know? I don't get it, Patrick. We agreed we'd give this a try. Announcing an engagement that may never happen is a little extreme."

He stood in front of her, one of his hands banding around her waist as the other cupped her cheek.

"Stop talking," he said. His lips brushed across her making her close her eyes. "Everything I'm suggesting is for you. The engagement is to protect you. I've not long come out of a court battle about paternity of a child, Jennifer. I would hate for others to think that's how I feel about you."

Licking her lips, she stared at him. Her heart jumped inside her chest at his closeness.

"I can't think when you do that," she said.

"When I do what?" he asked, pressing closer to her.

"You know what."

She wrapped her arms around his neck, her body flush against his. "We can announce an engagement if you want to. I'd hate for you to feel forced into anything."

He brushed the hair off her shoulder. "What's your favourite colour?" he asked.

"What?"

"Mine's blue. What's your favourite colour?"

"Purple. What music do you like?" He leaned closer as she asked her question.

"Jazz music. You?"

"I don't have a favourite."

Patrick pulled her away from the edge of the gazebo. He started to slowly move with her in his arms.

"What are you doing?"

"We're having our first dance away from prying eyes and the constant questions."

She rested her head against his chest relishing the feel of his hands around her. "There's no music."

"We have birds chirping away, and the water falling over there is enough music to dance to."

"Is your favourite ice cream chocolate?" he asked. His chin rested on top of her hair.

"No. I like strawberry. Yours?"

"Vanilla. See, we're getting to know each other. How do you take your coffee?"

She smiled. "I used to take it with milk and no sugar. Now, I can't stand the stuff."

"I like mine black with three sugars."

"You've got a sweet tooth?"

"You should know. There is nothing sweeter to taste than you."

She felt the blush fill her entire body at his words. "You've got a smart mouth."

"I know how to use mine."

"So do I," she said. She heard him gasp, which made her feel powerful.

****

Patrick loved the feel of her in his arms. He never wanted to let her go. Her head rested on his chest, and he stared down at her. With her eyes closed she looked peaceful. He hadn't been lying about the engagement. Everything he did was intended to make her time go easy. Last night while she'd been sleeping he'd ordered some books on childbirth and pregnancy. He wanted to help her any way he could.

The thought of being a father filled him with so much pride. Out of all the women who'd entered and exited his life, Jennifer had been the only one he'd remembered. Her expressive, kind eyes drew him in. Most women looked at him and saw his money, his bank balance, rather than the man beneath the surface.

Jennifer saw beyond the fake persona he portrayed to the rest of the world. That night at the party, he'd seen it inside her the moment she turned to face him.

"What are you thinking?" Jennifer asked.

"I'm thinking about you and what happened here on the night we first met. That was the night we first met?"

She laughed. "Yes. We'd never crossed paths before then."

He hadn't thought so.

"We'll get through this, Jennifer."

"I've no doubt."

Holding onto her tightly, he danced with her close. Running his hands down her back he felt his need for her start to grow in his cock. Whenever she was near he always wanted her. His pants tightened over his thickening shaft.

He became aware of her breasts against his chest and her soft womanly curves next to him. Patrick felt the arousal inside him begin to intensify. She rubbed her body against his, and a moan escaped her lips.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"Nothing."

"You can feel what you do to me, Jennifer."

She stared up the length of his body. Taking her hand within his, he pressed her palm over his crotch.

"I want to fuck you."

"We've never made it to a bed, Patrick. Last night we fell asleep. What if we're only compatible because we've never been in a bed?" she asked.

He needed to get her to a flat surface and soon. His need for her refused to go away. Every time he was near her, his body went into full fuck alert. Patrick rubbed his cock against her palm.

"A bed is easily sorted. This," he pressed his cock to her hand, "is not, Jennifer. I need you, baby."

"I need you, too." Her hand went from being stiff against him to touching his and caressing his dick.

Taking her by the hand he led the way back inside the house. Patrick took her up the stairs and through to his bedroom. She went with him willingly. There was no force or argument. The moment they were inside the bedroom he turned to her.

"Strip," he said.

"What?"

"I want you naked in my bed. I've never felt your naked skin against me." He pulled his shirt up and over his head. "I want to rectify that problem now. You're not leaving this bed, Miss Dixon, until I know every inch of your glorious body."

She began to work her clothes off as he did the same. He pulled her to him the instant she was naked. Her body was a dream. She wasn't completely showing her pregnancy even though her stomach had a nice, rounded bump. Pressing his palm to her stomach he kissed her deeply.

Her moans echoed off the walls.

"We made this together," he said. Patrick went to his knees before her and kissed her belly. He ran his fingers up the inside of her thigh feeling her quiver at his touch. Smiling, he moved his finger over her damp curls. She was already dripping wet.

"I want you," she said.

"You're going to have me."

Patrick moved her backwards until she hit the bed. He opened her thighs and stared at her creamy cunt. Her juice was leaking out of her wet slit. Without waiting for her to comment he sucked her clit inside his mouth. Her musky scent and taste turned him on.

She cried out when he fucked two fingers inside her wet heat.

"More. Please, more," she said.

He refused to give her more. Jennifer begged and pleaded with him to give her the orgasm she desired. Patrick wouldn't be ordered around. He sucked and nibbled her clit until she shook with her need to climax on his bed.

When she was almost at the brink of her release, he pulled back.

"Fucker, stop tormenting me," she said.

"I'm not tormenting you, baby. I'm giving you what you want."

Rearing up he covered her body on his bed. His cock leaked his arousal over her thigh. "When you come, you're going to be wrapped around my cock and screaming for me to fuck you hard." He pressed the tip to her entrance, grabbed her hips and slammed home. She screamed as he forged his way to the hilt inside her;

Gazing down at her plump breasts Patrick forgot himself.

He saw Jennifer, and he saw his woman. She was meant for him, and he knew no matter what it took, she was going to stay with him for the rest of his life. He waited for her pussy to get used to him before pulling out. Glancing down to where his cock left her pussy he saw her cream coated his shaft.

"You're so wet for me, baby. I'm going to fuck you until all you can remember is my name."

"Fuck me, Patrick. Please."

Patrick moved her thighs over his shoulders and then plunged all the way inside her. The angle made him deeper.

She cried out and pressed back against him.

"More, I need more."

He gave her everything without holding back. His fingers dug into the flesh of her hips as he thrust inside her. The pleasure of her cunt squeezing him was too intense. He felt his balls tighten and his cock thicken harder as his need to come intensified.

"I can't wait."

Letting go of her waist, he fingered her clit bringing her to climax before he reached his own.

The moment he heard and felt her release, he fucked her hard taking everything she had to offer and giving her more.

Plunging into her heat one final time he growled out his climax. His temple throbbed from the undeniable pleasure. He'd never felt anything like it.

He collapsed on top of her and kissed her tits.

"Wow," she said.

"Do you really think we're not compatible?"

She chuckled.

Usually about now he was pulling away and getting ready to leave. Jennifer ran her fingers through his hair and kissed the top of his head. "I can't even remember my name. You did promise me that, right?"

"I can promise you anything."

He looked up into her brown eyes and felt his world shatter. She really was a beautiful woman, homey and yet sexy at the same time.

"Really? What would this anything be?"

Patrick ran his fingers through his hair and then began to circle her nipple with his finger.

"All of your sexual fantasies for one," he said.

"Sexual fantasies? Do you mean dressing up as a nurse and being taken by the milkman?"

He laughed at her cliched response. "I was thinking of something a little different."

"Well, I'm not very good at this. Maybe you need to teach me how to do it properly." She squeezed his cock, which was still inside her.

"I think you're a fast learner, Jennifer. I look forward to making your every dream come true."

He kissed her lips and knew he meant every word he spoke.

Chapter Eight

The days passed quickly, and the press were still trying to find out facts of what was happening. Patrick spent as much time with her as possible. They went away for the weekend to Italy to have some alone time away from the press. He was a playful man, and she loved the way he gave her his attention. He never appeared bored or angry with her. Patrick also demanded that he be present during her doctor appointments. It was too early for an ultrasound, but the next appointment would rectify that problem.

After they were together for a couple of months, Patrick organised a party. Jennifer was shocked when he told her. She'd felt him slowly pulling away from her, and she didn't understand. He had been the one to organise everything with regards to her moving in.

"A party? With other people inside the home?" she asked.

"Sure. What other kind of parties are there?"

"I thought you hated parties."

He shrugged his shoulders and gave her the details of what to order from the caterers. "They're my friends. I have them."

The party was the first time they'd disagreed on something. On the day of the party Linda came round to help with the details. Patrick had left the day to run some errands. Her friend hugged her the instant she opened the door.

"I've missed you," Linda said.

"I've missed you, too. It's not the same without you."

"Can I convince you to leave your knight and come live with me?" Linda closed the door. Her suggestion suddenly sounded ideal to Jennifer. "What's the matter? Is there trouble in paradise?"

"What? Oh, no, no trouble at all." She lied. Jennifer walked her friend up the stairs to the guest bedroom. "You're staying over, right?"

"Jen, what's going on?" Linda asked.

Jennifer sat down on the bed she'd made up for her friend. "I don't know. Everything was going great. He is great, and I really like him."

"But?" Linda sat next to her.

"Does there have to be a but?"

"You've listed a few reasons why everything should be working. What has suddenly happened to make you feel it's not?"

She sighed staring around the plain room. "It's stupid."

"Jen, you're pregnant. Tell me what's going on?"

She paused for a few minutes to try to collect her thoughts. "It's this stupid party. He never consulted me, and now he's acting weird as if I'm some kind of hindrance or something. I don't know. Maybe it's just the hormones? I never asked him to be with me and the baby."

Linda ran her hand down her hair. "I'm always here for you, Jen. Nothing will ever stop that, okay."

"I know. I'm pleased you're here with me. I don't think I could handle this party on my own." They sat on the bed talking for several more minutes before Linda put away the few items of clothing she brought with her.

"I want to show you the nursery." Jennifer took her hand and led her down to where the nursery was. "I've been working on it when Patrick has been out or in the garden." She opened the door. "What do you think?"

"Wow, Jen. This place is beautiful. You've really done wonders with it."

"Patrick knew I was painting the room. I aired it out while I was decorating, and I wore one of those masks they advise for mothers to wear. The yellow is lovely. I figured when we know I can change it or keep it. I've got furniture arriving in the next few days."

"You're really excited?" Linda asked.

"Yeah. I'm going to be a mother. I'm scared but excited."

Once they were done in the nursery Jennifer took her down stairs, and they began arranging the house for a party.

"Patrick gave me a rundown of what he wanted."

"Who is coming to this party?" Linda asked.

"His friends. I don't know who's coming. We've not introduced each other to friends. Besides you, I've got no one else to show."

"I'm here for you, Jen. Always."

Jennifer accepted the comfort her friend offered. Her nerves were completely shot. There was a difference in Patrick. It was a subtle difference but one she noticed. He was starting to look trapped, and he'd begun to withdraw from her emotionally.

He returned home later that afternoon. She noticed he didn't look at her or Linda. He glanced around the room, nodded his head, and moved on.

"You're right. He's acting differently. I wonder what crawled up his ass," Linda said.

Jennifer stayed out of his way. When the doorbell rang she was with Linda in the spare room getting ready. Her bump was noticeable in many of the dresses he'd bought her. Jennifer decided to wear a dress that moulded to her breasts and flared out. There would be no noticeable stomach bump.

"I don't know why you're trying to hide it, Jen. You're pregnant and glowing. Embrace what you've got."

Linda finished putting her hair up. For a second Jennifer could pretend they were girls again preparing for the prom.

"Is there any prospective man in your life?" she asked.

"Nope, I'm more interested in my friend's love life. She's got one, and I live through her."

The sound of laughter echoed up the stairs. Jennifer fisted her hands to try to stop them from shaking.

"Why are you nervous?"

"I hate parties. I hate everything to do with them. Why did he have to throw a party?"

Linda shrugged. "I've no idea. He's your man."

Licking her lips, Jennifer wondered if she'd be able to hide out upstairs.

"Come on, I'm here." Linda took her arm and led her down stairs. There were at least thirty people milling around the house. The doorbell sounded. She watched Patrick let another bunch of people in. "I guess this is not going to be a small gathering, huh?"

Feeling entirely out of her element, Jennifer stayed as far away from the crowds as possible. Linda stood by her side even when men asked her for a dance.

"Go on. Dance, have fun. I'm fine."

Patrick had ignored her from the moment the party began. She stood in the dining room and gazed out of the doors to where the garden was highlighted with the many outdoor lights.

"Here is the woman of the hour," Patrick said.

He sounded drunk, and she froze. Turning to face him, she plastered a smile on her face. His friends looked at her as if she was some kind of bug.

Rubbing a hand over her stomach, he pulled her in close. "How are you doing, baby?"

"I'm fine," she said.

****

Patrick knew he was being an ass. He wasn't even drunk. Pulling Jennifer close he felt his body harden at the feel of her against him.

"So, the news is true what they're saying?" a blonde asked. He couldn't remember her name, but from the look on her face, he figured he'd fucked her at some point.

"The news about her being pregnant with my baby? Yes, that's all true. I knocked her up first time we were together."

Jennifer pulled away from him. She looked at his friends and then left. He heard his friends laugh as she stumbled up the stairs.

Why had he done this? Linda shot him a hateful look and then followed her up the stairs. When Jennifer was out of sight the blonde ran her hands up his chest. "Is that why you've been blowing us off? You're on whale duty?"

He frowned. "What did you say?"

"Everyone knows you're saddled with the Dixon girl. She's huge, Patrick, and she ruins your image."

She pressed her body against his. His cock deflated. She was all skin and bones. When had he found that a turn-on?

"I'd appreciate it if you didn't call my wife names."

"Future wife now? I didn't know it was getting to that stage."

He looked back in the direction of the stairs and was shocked to see Linda and Jennifer walking down the stairs. Her eyes were red, and the make-up she'd been wearing was wiped clean. She looked refreshed and beautiful. Jennifer took his breath away.

Jennifer glanced over at them and then moved out to the garden. He pushed the blonde away from him and went in search of Jennifer.

You've fucked up. Why are you fucking it up with her? You love her, Patrick.

She was standing in the gazebo area. Linda stopped in front of him. "Why are you being a prick? She's trying to make this work because you demanded it from her. You're an asshole." She shoved him as she walked past.

He moved up to the gazebo.

"What's the matter, babe?" he asked.

She turned on him. Her arms folded over her chest. "What the hell are you doing?"

Patrick stood and lost the drunken persona. He hadn't touched a drop of alcohol, and she saw through his act.

"You're putting on a show?"

He didn't say a word.

"If you wanted to be an actor why don't you go out and try it?"

She spun turning her back on him. Patrick moved up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist.

"Don't touch me. I don't want you near me right now," she said.

He kept his hold on her waist. "I don't know what I'm doing," he said.

"You're a grown man, Patrick. Stop behaving like a teenager." She pulled out of his hold. "I want you to remember that it was you that asked me to move here. You wanted to be part of this baby's life. I was content to do it all myself. Don't start treating me like I landed this in your lap and you're trying to deal with it."

She stormed away. Patrick took large gulps of fresh air. He needed to clear his mind. He stood overlooking the garden when he heard several girls laughing.

"Did you see the way she looked? I can't believe the bitch has snagged him."

"Snagged him? The only thing appealing about her is the bank balance she comes with. Her brother is one hot guy. I'd fuck him if the chance ever arose."

Patrick looked toward the sound.

"Do you really think Patrick will marry her?"

"Who knows? I never thought he'd get a girl pregnant. I sure tried to make him forget a condom. The fucker never did."

He felt sick to his stomach that he'd ever touched one of the girls. Shaking his head, he made his way inside. Looking at his space and seeing Jennifer sitting on the sofa with her feet curled up underneath her made him lose what little control he had.

"Get the fuck out of my house." He yelled the words for everyone to hear.

They froze, and the music stopped as he cursed.

"What's going on?" one person asked.

"Get out. This party was a mistake. Get the fuck out."

All of his guests started to filter out of the front door. He didn't care if the news hit the morning papers. The only thing on his mind was getting them out of his door. He was losing his mind where Jennifer was concerned.

When they all filed out he stared at Jennifer. She didn't look at him.

"I'm sorry," he said.

She turned in her seat to look at him.

"Do you want me to go?" she asked.

Linda left them alone. He sat down where her friend had been seated seconds before. Reaching for her hand, Patrick was startled when she pulled away.

"I've been an asshole," he said. "I don't want you to go."

Jennifer stood without speaking to him.

"Don't walk away." He took her hand in his. Her palm was sweaty. He stood, cupping her cheek and staring down into her eyes. "I'm not used to this. I lost control."

"I didn't force this on you, Patrick. You don't have to start being different because of me. I'm having this baby because I want to. You need to decide what you want to do."

She brushed past him and walked up the stairs. He watched her go and knew she was right. With his head in his hands Patrick cursed. He didn't know what was wrong with him. That morning after going with her to the doctor's appointment he'd seen a caricature of him and Jennifer in the newspaper. They had been surrounded by three screaming kids, and he'd snapped. The paper had talked about her taming him in some freakish kind of way. After seeing it he'd wanted to convince himself nothing had changed. He wanted to think he was the same old Patrick when the truth was he was not. He'd fucked up, and he didn't have a clue what to do.

Chapter Nine

After the party there was a tenseness that surrounded them. Jennifer no longer felt free with him and knew he was wishing for other things. He didn't reach for her, and their sex life had all but fizzled out. There were times he looked at her, and she was sure he wanted to say or do something, but then he'd simply turn away. She didn't understand. What was holding him back? Linda visited her as much as she could. Jennifer knew the visits were hard for her friend. Patrick wasn't the most welcoming of men. He seemed to hate Linda with a passion. She'd never understand why he looked angry all the time. The newspapers had been filled with his disaster of a party. The gossip had turned it around and made it her fault.

Her mother had shocked her with several phone calls offering to support and help her. She'd never known her mother cared so much about her.

The furniture arrived for the nursery. She asked the delivery men to store it in the room. Jennifer hadn't gone back in the room for several days. Patrick stayed out a lot of the time.

When a week had passed and nothing felt like it was going right, she walked into the nursery and started going through the furniture. She wasn't stupid, and she tore open a box and began to read the instructions. Assembling the crib looked easy enough. The tools had come with the stuff. Pushing the other furniture out of the way, she began to organise the space.

Every now and then tears would grip her. She rubbed them away and winced as she started to get lower back pain. Jennifer moved around the room trying to get comfortable. The pain would disappear as quickly as it reappeared. She continued to ignore the pain as she worked. Her mind filled with other worries that were mostly directed to the father of the baby.

She cringed when she heard the sound of the door opening and closing. When she'd first started living with him she'd have called out. In the last week she hadn't bothered to call to him. Once the baby was born if she still felt like this then she was moving back into her old apartment. She read through the instructions as Patrick opened the door to the room. Jennifer didn't look up and continued to assemble the crib.

"What are you doing?" he asked. His voice was soft as he spoke.

"Assembling a crib. It looks easy enough."

She grabbed a piece of wood and aligned it up before getting the screws to fit into place.

"You shouldn't be doing this, Jennifer."

"Someone has to, and I've got a lot of free time."

She heard him sigh and ignored it.

"Is this the way it's going to be between us?" he asked.

"I don't know. You seem determined to put distance between us. I'm merely carrying on with what you have planned. Could you pass me that pole?" She glanced up at him. He glared down at her.

"I didn't plan for this, Jennifer. I'm trying to deal with it." He pointed at her stomach and then at her.

"And you think I did plan for this?" she asked. Her anger got the better of her, and she stood to glare at him.

"You're a woman. Don't you have an inbuilt system that allows you cope with this?" He smiled.

She knew it was a joke, but his words hurt. "No, I don't. I guess I'm not a woman like the ones you usually fuck and leave after one night." Putting her hands on her hips she glared at him.

"Don't throw my past at me."

"Past? Why does it have to be in the past? That blonde was all over you the night of your party. For all I know that's what you're doing with your days. Fucking every woman you can find because it will be much better than being with me."

"Stop putting yourself down." He yelled the words at her.

"I'll do whatever the hell I like. I'm doing all this because the only person I can really rely on is myself. If I leave it to you my baby will come here and not have anything to sleep in." She pointed a finger at her chest as she shouted.

"I never asked for this." Patrick yelled the words across the room. He slapped the walls and kicked the crib across the room. "You're not letting me be part of everything."

She looked at the nursery and wondered what had set him off. They'd been planning for the nursery to be finished well before she gave birth. "You never want to come in here, Patrick. I've tried to get you to help, and you've left me to do everything. I don't understand what's wrong, Patrick. What have I done? Why are you so different towards me?"

"You're rushing everything. I was fine when we were doing everything together. We don't know everything about each other, and the rate you're going the baby will be here and then we won't have a choice in what we decide," he said.

"This is what you wanted."

"No. I wanted to spend time with the woman I met in the garden. This," he gestured around the room, "is too much for me. I've got to get out of here. I don't want this."

He looked pale as if all his colour had left him at once.

"What do you mean?"

"I'm not ready to be a father."

His words hit her like a slap to the face. She watched him storm out of his house. The pain in her back was nothing compared to the pain in her heart. She let the tears fall and didn't bother wiping them away.

Jennifer walked out of the nursery and sat on the bed. She was so pleased she hadn't agreed to marry him and got engaged. The phone rang, and she ignored the call. She didn't know how long she sat there looking down at the floor.

Gazing out of the window she saw night had fallen. Jennifer walked to the shower and tried to wash the day off her. The pain continued to hurt. She ignored it. It was over between them. Patrick had finally realised he didn't want to be a father. She should never have hoped it would work. She'd known there was no chance for them.

Once she finished in the shower, she curled up in a ball on the bed. Jennifer closed her eyes as she started to accept what had happened between them.

Later that night the pain that gripped her abdomen woke her up out of her troubled sleep. It was excruciating, and she couldn't think past the next wave of pain. The other pain she'd felt was nothing like this. She reached for the lightshade and turned it on. Jennifer couldn't contain her next scream as the pain intensified. Pushing the blanket off, she stared down between her legs. There was the crimson of blood on her pyjama bottoms.

Her hands shook as she reached for the telephone. Patrick still hadn't returned from storming out of the house earlier. She dialled the only number she trusted.

Unable to contain her sickness, she leaned over the bed and vomited everything she'd eaten that day.

"Hello? Who is this?" Linda asked.

"Help, Linda, please." The tears fell from her eyes. She begged her friend for help.

"Jen, what's the matter, honey? You're scaring me."

"I'm losing the baby."

The next few hours were a nightmare. Once she ended the call, Jennifer curled up in a foetal position. The pain continued on. She heard Linda enter the room followed by two men with a stretcher.

"I called the ambulance, Jen."

Jennifer couldn't think of any words as the next few hours passed. Linda stayed with her through it all holding her hand.

"I hope that sick comes out," Jennifer said.

"What?" Linda asked.

"The sick on his carpet. Patrick likes clean carpets."

Jennifer closed her eyes as sleep claimed her. In that moment, she never wanted to wake up again.

****

Patrick woke up with a pounding headache. His mouth tasted like shit, and he glanced around the apartment he'd rented out some time ago. He couldn't remember how he'd gotten there. Looking around the room, he saw whisky and beer bottles on the table.

The banging on his front door finally woke him up. Rubbing his eyes to try to wake himself up, he walked to the door.

"Open the fucking door," Linda said. Her voice was raised, which made him angry.

"Keep your voice down. I've got neighbours." He opened the door.

Linda looked pale and as if she hadn't slept all night.

"What brings you to my door? Jennifer have a change of heart and sent you to beg for her?" he asked, chuckling.

"Jennifer's in the hospital, Patrick. She lost the baby last night and almost died. Congratulations, you're a free man again."

He paused as her words penetrated his brain. "What?"

"She said you wouldn't care. You slammed out of your home last night because of your stupid argument. I thought you were different from what the tabloids made out. You're a fake." She threw the morning's paper at him. "She's better off without you."

"Jennifer lost the baby?" he asked.

"Yeah. I thought you'd like to know." Linda stormed off before he got chance to say anything else.

He felt sick and ran for the bathroom. After twenty minutes of non-stop vomiting he glanced down at the paper. It showed him with his arms wrapped around another woman, and it looked like he was about to kiss her.

"Jennifer's in the hospital, Patrick. She lost the baby last night and almost died. Congratulations, you're a free man again."

Closing his eyes he let the tears escape. He didn't want to be a free man. Last night she'd needed him, and he hadn't been there. Getting to his feet, he turned the shower on and started to get undressed.

When he was showered, he called a taxi. He was in no fit state to drive. On the journey to the hospital he stared down at his cell phone. Should he call anyone? Had Linda taken care of everything?

The nurses were whispering as he approached the reception desk.

"I'm here to see Jennifer Dixon," he said.

His hands shook, and he placed them in his pockets.

The nurse with red hair showed him up to her room. "Her parents moved her into a private ward earlier this morning," she said on the way up.

Patrick didn't speak a word. He stared at his reflection in the steel, feeling like the biggest jerk on the planet.

The ward was busy, and several people stopped to stare at him. He followed the red head down the long corridor to the private section.

"Jennifer's room is at the end of the hall," she said.

Rubbing a hand over his face he thanked the woman and then walked down to Jennifer's room.

The door was partially open. He saw her lying on the bed with a remote in her head. Tears escaped from her eyes as she stared straight ahead.

She looked pale, and her eyes were bruised from the lack of sleep. He opened the door. She turned her head to look at him. They stared at each other. Patrick didn't have a clue to what she was thinking or feeling.

Jennifer ignored him and watched the television.

"Linda told me what happened," he said.

"I gathered. They tried to phone you, but they didn't know how to reach you. I told them not to bother." Her voice sounded dead. There was no animation to it. He didn't have a clue what to do with his hands, and he put them inside his pockets.

"How are you feeling?" he asked.

She stared at him without answering.

"Stupid question. I never wanted you to lose the baby, Jen-"

"Why are you here?" she asked, cutting him off.

"What? Jennifer, you just lost-"

"Before you walked out of your house last night you made your feelings perfectly clear. I don't know why you're here. You're a free man, Patrick. You can go and screw, fuck any other woman you desire. That's what you wanted, wasn't it?"

There was a hardness that hadn't been there before tonight.

"I didn't want this. I wanted you and the baby and for us to have a life together," he said. He'd been an asshole. His friends had made him feel trapped with her when the truth had been completely different. He wasn't trapped. Patrick knew he'd never feel trapped while he was with Jennifer. The biggest problem he had was realising the truth far too late.

He felt the tears fill his eyes. Staring down at her, he saw her stomach was completely flat. The sheet covering her body did little to hide the evidence of what used to be there.

"How did it happen?" he asked.

"I had a miscarriage, but it wasn't complete. I had the doctor remove the rest. He said it would come out naturally. I didn't want to prolong the agony. Knowing I lost the baby was too much to bear. I can't have you here, Patrick. Could you please leave?"

"Don't send me away," he said.

Her tears were falling thick and fast. "I want you to go. Please, get out of here. I don't want to see you or look at you. Get out!"

Patrick saw the nurses walking down the corridor. He raised his hands and left her room. His heart ached with the pain of leaving her. She was hurting, and she wouldn't accept any comfort from him.

After talking to the staff at the hospital he walked all the way home. He needed to clear his head to try to get over everything that had happened to him.

Patrick closed his front door. He saw his bedroom light on and walked up the stairs to find Linda cleaning up.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"I came to collect Jen's things. I didn't think you'd want to see the sheets and the vomit on the floor. No, let me put it another way. Jen wouldn't want you to see this mess."

She stood up pulling off the latex gloves she'd been wearing. He saw her hatred of him reflected in her eyes.

"Go ahead, judge. You've never wanted me to be with Jennifer in the first place. What is it? Jealousy? You thought you should be the one to marry first and she'd be the one carrying the bouquet?" He tore his jacket off and glared at her.

Linda started to laugh. "I was never jealous of Jen. She was happy, and I was happy for her. For too long she's felt she doesn't belong. You made her feel beautiful and loved. She was falling in love with you. Whatever stupid argument you had going on, you shouldn't have left her."

"Our life is not your concern."

She stormed right up to him and poked him in the chest. "You're right. It's not my concern, but when the woman carrying your baby phoned me and asked me for help, then it became my business." Linda slammed the gloves against his chest. "Clean up your own mess."

He watched as she picked up Jennifer's case and left. The sound of the door closing brought him out of his misery.

Chapter Ten

The following day, against the doctor's wishes, Jennifer signed herself out of the hospital. She'd prefer to cry and mourn at home. Being in the hospital she was open to anyone who desired to pay her a visit. After Patrick's visit last night she wanted to put as much space between them as possible.

Linda didn't like the thought of her being released. Her friend was scared in case something else happened. She promised everyone she was fine and wasn't going to do anything silly. Committing suicide was not on her list of things to do before she turned thirty. Her parents arrived as the nurse wheeled her out of the room.

"Jennifer, what are you doing?" Helen asked.

"I'm going home. I need some alone time, Mom." Her father demanded information from the staff.

"Keep going, Linda. I want to go home."

Her friend took over from the nurse. She climbed into the passenger side of her friend's car. Linda was pulling away from the curb as her parents walked out of the hospital.

"If we go home, Jen, they're only going to keep turning up. They're worried about you. I'm worried about you."

"Does your mother still own that beach house?" Jen asked.

"Yes."

"Do you think she'll mind us going there? Please, Linda, I need a break away from it all."

"We can't run forever."

"I know. Just until they get the picture and leave me alone. Fresh air and the ocean sound fun."

She lay back in the chair and gazed out of the window. Linda pulled up outside of a motel to make a phone call. Jennifer stayed in the car.

"Mom said it's all right for us to go. She wishes you a good recovery, Jen. She's worried about you."

"Your mother is a gem," Jennifer said.

They carried on driving until the sun began to fall. Linda booked into a hotel, and they stayed the night. In the morning they climbed back into the car and started driving.

"I wish I could offer to take the wheel," Jennifer said.

"Please, don't. Cars are not your forte."

Jennifer chuckled. For a few minutes she could forget about everything else. She pressed a hand to her stomach, but it was completely flat. It was like a baby had never even been part of her.

"Are you sad?" Linda asked.

"I thought we'd really be able to make a go of it. When I first moved in we were really trying, and then it was like he changed and became a different man. He changed before my eyes. Then he said I was rushing everything, which pissed me off. I didn't rush anything. I wanted to be prepared for the future."

"Relax, Jen. Relax and rest."

They made it to the beach house later that afternoon. Linda had stopped several times so they were able to move around and stretch their legs. Jennifer followed behind Linda as she opened the door.

"Mom phoned ahead and asked the staff to get it ready for us. She also requested they leave and not return until she gave the call. We're free and alone here."

"Is it wrong to feel happy about that?" she asked.

Jennifer pulled her cell phone out of her pocket and saw there were over thirty missed calls. She turned the device off and put it on the side.

"No, not wrong. You need to rest, and we can all appreciate that."

"Thank you for bringing me here, Linda. I've got a lot of good memories."

Linda stayed close to her that night. They shared the same bed and watched movies well into the morning. Jennifer let her friend sleep while she stared at the ceiling. Sleep eluded her. She rolled over and glanced at a picture of her with Linda at the beach. They were fifteen with their whole life ahead of them.

You've still got your whole life ahead of you. The doctor said you could still have children.

When the sun came up, she climbed out of bed and started making Linda breakfast. The food looked good, but her appetite had disappeared.

"You've got to eat something," Linda said.

"I will."

She sipped her orange juice and watched her friend eat.

"We need to go shopping. We've got no clothes or anything," Jennifer said.

"I'll finish this, and then we'll go shopping."

The days passed by without any event. She cooked for Linda and nibbled on food herself. For the first time in her life she was starting to lose weight, and she wasn't even trying to. It made her laugh as her clothes began to loosen around her waist and chest.

They'd been at the beach house a month, and she knew they'd have to return to the city soon. Her mother phoned, and she took the calls. Linda took the calls from Patrick. Jennifer didn't want to speak to him and listened with half an ear as Linda handled them.

All the time they were away at the beach house she started to miss something. The long walks on the beach and the shopping had started to lose its appeal.

She watched the sunset while Linda was typing away at her computer. Her friend had found plenty of inspiration at the beach house and was over three quarters finished on her manuscript. Jennifer sat reading each page as she typed it out and printed it.

Now that her story was taking hold of her, Linda was more than happy to stay at the beach house. They were away from their families and finally living free. The allowance they survived off was a welcoming relief.

One day walking through town, Jennifer saw a sign in the shop window advertising for a waitress. Feeling inspired by Linda's energy in writing, she walked in and got an application form. Later that week she started her first shift and began working. She didn't care if her family cut off her allowance. The work waiting tables took her mind off everything else.

The weight dropped off her in no time.

****

Patrick glared at his computer screen. Linda had sent him photographs of Jennifer, and he didn't recognise her. Her curves were gone, and the smile didn't reach her eyes. The woman he stared at was a shell of the woman he'd left in this house over two months ago.

He'd tried to get her on the phone and had even gone to the police station in an attempt to find his woman. Jennifer had left the hospital against doctor's orders. He'd been worried in case anything happened to her.

Linda, the friend who despised him, had phoned him and let him know everything was fine. She sent him weekly updates and pictures via email of how Jennifer was getting on. From the emails, Patrick knew she was worried. Looking at the picture of Jennifer, he wasn't surprised.

"She's waitressing in a coffee shop down by the sea front. Jennifer says she's happy, but I know she's putting on a brave face. Patrick, you need to see her and talk. She works seven days a week, and we can talk before you see her." He read the email aloud and frowned. Linda had typed the address of where they were living. The beach house was owned by Linda's family. He knew it was because he'd tried to buy it a few years back.

Packing up his stuff, he was on the road and heading towards the love of his life. In the last few months he'd been doing a lot of soul searching. He'd joined a private organisation that only had fathers with children and who were expecting children. It was local, and he'd joined a class to help deal with loss.

Losing the baby had affected him deeply. While he'd been dealing with his grief, he'd finally come to terms with how he felt about Jennifer. He was completely in love with her. Sitting in the gazebo late at night he'd been unable to forget about her. He looked at the ground where they'd made love and remembered every little detail of her around him.

He pulled up outside of the beach house. Linda walked out of the front entrance. She looked tanned and beautiful but not the woman he wanted to see. From the expression on her face, he knew she was relieved to see him.

"Did your drive go okay?" she asked.

Patrick grabbed his case out of the boot of the car. "Where's Jennifer?" he asked.

"She's working. You just missed her. She walks to work and back. I've not driven her in a long time."

He nodded his head and followed her into the kitchen. "How is she handling everything?" he asked.

"I don't think she's handling it well. After she cried at the hospital I haven't seen her shed another tear. She doesn't eat very much, and I've only seen her pick at her food. It's scary to watch her become this shell of her former self."

"When I got to the hospital, they'd told me she'd gone. She wouldn't answer my calls, and it actually took me calling her parents to find out what was wrong with her."

Linda handed him a drink of soda. "I miss the old Jen. She laughed at everything. I see her smile, but it's nothing like it used to be."

"I fucked up, Linda."

"I was never jealous of her, Patrick. I was jealous of you," she said.

He frowned. "Why?"

"All my life Jen has been there. I love her like a sister, and then all of a sudden you were there. I felt you were taking her away from me, and I didn't like it. I hated you for taking her even though I was the one who told her to give you a chance."

Patrick sipped his soda and looked at her friend. "I'm sorry. I'm not leaving her side this time, Linda. I'm taking her with me and not letting go."

"Do you love her?" Linda asked.

"With all my heart."

She nodded her head, stood, and handed him a card. "This is where she works."

He took the card and looked over it. "I know the place."

"Please, don't hurt her, Patrick."

"I don't intend to hurt her."

Patrick finished his soda and began the walk towards the coffee shop. He gazed out at the ocean. The beach was full with surfers and sunbathers. He stared at the water longing to cool off. His heart raced inside his chest as he approached the shop.

Taking a seat in the back he scanned the shop and spotted her patting a child's head. There was real warmth in her eyes. Her hair was in two ponytails on either side of her head. The clothes she wore outlined her weight loss, and he hated it. Her breasts were not as full and round as they used to be, nor were her hips. She looked pale, gaunt, and unlike the woman he remembered sinking his cock inside. He lifted the paper as she approached his table.

"Welcome to Harvey's. What can I get you today?" she asked.

Patrick lowered the paper. She gasped and stared at him. "Hello, Jennifer," he said.

Her pen was poised over the pad. "What can I get you?"

He stared at her taking in every bit of her face. Her cheeks were flushed, and he saw the spark of hurt in her eyes.

"Will you sit with me?" he asked.

"No, I'm working."

"When's your break?"

"Stop, okay? Please, just stop. Why are you here?" She glared at him.

"To see you, Jennifer. I'm not going away."

"I'm not the same woman you can push around," she said.

Patrick burst out laughing. "When were you ever that woman? You were gone before I got to the hospital. Why did you run away? I'm not going anywhere. Please, have lunch with me."

She glanced behind her at the clock. "I don't get lunch until two. Can you wait that long?" she asked.

"Baby, for you I can wait an eternity."

Jennifer scowled at him and then served another customer. She brought him a cup of coffee. Patrick pretended to be interested in the newspaper, but all the time he was watching her, the way her hips swung from side to side and her smile as she served the customers. To anyone who didn't know her, she looked happy and serene. He knew her and knew everything she did was false. There was a lot of pain inside her threatening to get out.

Two o'clock came, and he watched as she checked to see if he was still there.

I'm not going anywhere, babe. You better come here because I'm not leaving.

She pulled out the chair and sat down with a cup of coffee.

He frowned. "Where's your lunch?" he asked.

"I'm not hungry. I'll be fine with this."

"When did you start work?"

"I'm fine."

"You're not fine."

"Look, you're not my boyfriend. Please, drop the act," she said.

Closing his eyes, he counted to ten and then opened them. She sipped the coffee and glanced around.

He threw down some cash and pulled her out of her seat. "What are you doing?" she asked.

"Taking you to eat," he said.

She pulled on his arm. He remembered how much she hated causing a scene. Patrick turned to her and got right up in her face. "Fight me and I'll fling you over my shoulder and carry you out while I spank your ass."

"You wouldn't."

"Don't tempt me, baby. I'm ready to cause some damage." He ran his hand down her ass and cupped her small flesh. Even her ass had lost its rounded shape.

"Fine," she said.

He pulled her out of the coffee shop and down the street to the burger place he'd seen. She'd loved a decent burger when they'd lived together.

He ordered two burgers with chilli cheese fries. They took a seat overlooking the sea front. Her arms were folded in front of her. She looked sexy and defiant.

The waitress brought their food over. He paid the money and picked up a single chip.

"Eat," he said.

"I don't eat this food."

Patrick put the food down and glared at her. "I miss the baby, too."

She closed her eyes. He reached over and took her hand. She pulled away from him, but he wouldn't let her go.

Chapter Eleven

The pain inside her chest threatened to kill her on the spot. Jennifer had thought she'd gotten over him. Seeing Patrick in the flesh brought all the pain and heartache back to her. Opening her eyes she stared at the man who'd given her hope and taken it away.

"Our baby was going to be a boy," he said. "I asked the doctor. We were going to have a son, Jennifer."

"Stop it." His grip on her hand tightened as she stared at him. The food in front of them smelt so good. All she wanted to do was dive in and eat. The memory of what she could have had stopped her from eating.

"I think about what he could have looked like. He could have had your brown eyes and my large nose. Whatever he'd have looked like, I knew he'd be perfect. Perfect like his mother."

Tears filled her eyes, and she wiped them.

"Why are you doing this to me? You wanted your freedom, and I gave it to you. I'm here trying to make a fresh start away from you and away from all the crap," she said. She didn't look at the newspapers or watch the news for fear of seeing him with another woman. The thought of seeing him with another woman filled her with too much pain and anguish.

He chuckled. "I never wanted to be free of you. I was a fucking idiot. It is so lame and stupid." She watched as he pulled out a newspaper clipping. "I keep that on me at all times so I can remember how stupid and fickle I was. This is what started the party. I can't believe it influenced me. I spoke to the guy who drew it, and he said it was supposed to be a joke. He figured I'd grown out of partying and fucking faceless women. What a fool I was. Then I was at the park before I got home that day. I was just walking trying to figure shit out in my head, and I passed so many screaming kids. I mean the parents looked exhausted, and the kids just wouldn't shut up. I freaked out as I saw them and knew that was how we were going to end up. I panicked. Everything seemed to be coming at me from all angles. You, the kids, the bloody media. It was a nightmare for me, and I responded badly."

Jennifer stared at the caricature of them with three screaming kids. She'd seen the picture and chuckled at the artist's humour. Patrick had clearly seen something else inside the picture.

She tugged on her hand to try to free herself.

"No, please, listen. I need to say this to you, Jennifer."

Jennifer licked her lips and opened her eyes. She looked at him and saw the hurt in his eyes and the pain. They were emotions she never expected to see on his handsome face. He looked older than his thirty-two years. She felt older than her twenty-six years. She felt old and alone.

"Until you came along in my library every girl I'd taken to bed had been a no-one. I couldn't remember their name or where I'd found them. When I woke up the following morning, I still remembered you, Jennifer. I remembered your name and the colour of your hair. I remembered how you felt beneath me and in my arms. I didn't go looking for you because I didn't know where to start. When I saw that picture of you in the newspaper over that vomiting incident, my world changed. I thought you might be pregnant, and I prayed I was the father."

Jennifer shook her head. "None of your words are making sense."

"Please, let me finish. It will make sense when I'm done. At least I hope it will make sense."

She nodded and let him continue. The scent of the food called to her. She picked up a chilli cheese fry and popped it into her mouth. It tasted good, but she stopped herself from reaching for another as her nerves were totally fried.

"Then I found out I was the father and you hadn't been with another man except me. I thought it was the best thing I'd heard all day. Our parents were the worst. They were the ones rushing us, and they were rushing us for all the wrong reasons."

"We can't change who our parents are," she said.

"I know, but we can change how we are." Patrick stroked a thumb over the pulse in her wrist. "You're so delicate. I don't like you this thin. It's dangerous."

"I don't feel like eating." She sat back enjoying the attention he gave her.

"I miss you, Jennifer. Life is not the same without you. I fucked up, and I thought the life my friends had was the life I wanted for myself. I was wrong."

"What did you think when Linda broke the news?" she asked. Gazing down at her stomach she counted to ten in an attempt to clear her mind. The thought of that day was enough to set her off.

"Part of me died that day. I hated myself, and I still hate myself. I never should have thrown that stupid party and left you. I'll never forgive myself."

She shook her head. The lump in her throat made it hard for her to breathe. "Is that it? Out of everything you can say, you're going to make it all about you?" Jennifer didn't know what to expect from him.

"I love you, Jennifer," he said.

Getting to her feet she walked away. The pain and heartache gave her renewed strength to stay away from him. Patrick would constantly break her heart. She needed to avoid him no matter what it cost her.

"Jennifer, don't run away."

She heard him follow behind her.

"We need to talk about this," he said.

"You've done all the talking. I don't need to hear anymore."

"For God's sake, stop!"

Jennifer stopped and turned on him. "What did you expect? Say a few nice words and say you love me and everything will go away?" She gazed around her hating the audience they were getting. "Life, reality, does not work that way. I don't work that way. You hurt me, and that I can't forgive easy." Even as she said the words all Jennifer wanted to do was go to him. She wanted him to open his arms for her. Her needs were stupid. She couldn't bring herself to give in that easily.

"I'm trying."

She stared at him moving her head from side to side. "It's not enough."

"We lost a baby. I feel that pain, too."

"I feel it every day, Patrick. Telling me that you love me is not going to change what happened. We were never supposed to be together. We may walk in the same circles, but other than that, we're different."

Jennifer turned away as the first wave of tears started to spill.

"I'm not going away, Jennifer. I'm here for the duration. I love you, and I'm going to prove it to you."

She heard his words but chose to ignore them. She finished her shift at the coffee shop and then walked home. Her nerves were shot, and she didn't want to confront her friend. Linda must have been the person to contact him. She knew she never would.

You love him, Jennifer.

Ignoring the words in her head was not doing her any good. She made her way down to the beach. The sun was setting, and the light shone along the ocean making it glisten.

She felt him standing behind her.

"Are you following me?" she asked.

"I'm taking care of you, Jennifer. Anyway I can, I'll do it."

She shrugged and moved away. There was no stopping him from being close to her. All she needed to do was close off her heart and remember what he'd done to her. The pain of that night rushed through her leaving her breathless.

Linda was sitting at the counter when Jennifer let herself in later that night. Her friend looked concerned as she dropped her keys in front of her.

"How was your day at work?" Linda asked.

"Why did you call him?" Jennifer got straight to the point. There was no use in hiding away from what her friend clearly wanted her to see.

"He lost a baby, too, Jen. Patrick had a right to know what was happening to you." Linda stood up. She watched as the other woman placed her cup in the sink.

"He has no right, Linda. You didn't have the right to call him. I've been doing fine on my own."

She stopped speaking when Linda burst out laughing. "You are doing fine? Are you fucking kidding me?" Linda folded her arms over her chest. Jennifer watched as she leaned up against the sink. "You call that fine?" She put her hand out and raised it up and down.

Jennifer folded her own arms. She knew she'd lost a lot of weight. Eating held little to no appeal to her. "This is none of your business."

"We're the best of friends, Jen. I love you like my own sister. You're going to make yourself sick if you continue on the way you are."

Staring across the room Jennifer looked at her friend. She hadn't listened to what Linda had to say in a long time. The last few months had gone by so fast. It had been easier to push the pain aside and deal with everything else. When she thought about what had happened it hurt too damn much. She'd lost too much and refused to let more pain rule her.

"You shouldn't have called him."

"When it comes to you I'll do whatever I think is right."

She looked at her friend and then walked away. Jennifer went to her room. She took a long shower before climbing into bed.

Her thoughts returned to Patrick. He was the only man she'd ever cared about. When she'd lost the baby she'd known in her heart that she'd lost him as well.

****

Patrick stood outside the kitchen and listened to them argue. They were the best of friends, yet they argued like they hadn't known each other long. When Jennifer walked up the stairs he let himself in quietly.

"You can't stay here," Linda said. "I thought seeing you would wake her up or something. She looks like hell."

"She's been through hell. I'm not going anywhere. I'll be at the coffee shop every day. I'm not walking away from this one."

Linda nodded staring at the spot where Jennifer had stood. "She loves you, you know?"

"I ruined the love she felt for me."

"No, you didn't. Love like that never goes away. She's hurting, Patrick. Don't let her win this fight."

She gave him a sad look before disappearing. He let himself out, locked the door, and found a motel to spend the night. Jennifer's parents had given him their blessing to try to win her back. His friends were now part of his past. He intended to make his life work to suit his and Jennifer's needs.

He stared down at the picture he kept of her. They'd been on a vacation to Italy, and the shot was taken outside their villa. She wore a pastel pink sundress with her hair around her shoulder in curls.

For the last few weeks the photo of her had been all he had. The scent of her had long since gone from his house. He couldn't even bear to sleep in the bed without her.

He'd cleaned the house up that night and seen the sheets. The evidence of what he'd lost that night.

Patrick closed his eyes and refused to let the tears fall. He'd spent many hours crying and grieving for what he could have had.

Closing the case he was more determined than ever to win her back.

The following morning he sat at the same table he'd sat in the previous day. When Jennifer saw him she hesitated before serving him.

"What can I get you?" she asked.

"Whatever you won't spit in, Jennifer."

She glared at him. "I wouldn't be so crude."

"It was a joke. Black coffee and sweet would be a great start." He watched her walk away. The curves of her ass swayed from side to side. The fullness of her ass was gone. He missed her added curves.

She put the cup of coffee on the table then made to move away.

"May I have a breakfast muffin as well? I'm hungry."

Again she left his table and then brought him a muffin.

For the remainder of the morning Patrick watched her working. At the start of her shift she was nervous, and he put it down to his presence. The day progressed. He ordered coffee and then some lunch. Patrick left his table to go to the bathroom. He left his coat to let others know his table was taken.

He noticed she didn't stop for lunch. Jennifer was working herself to death. He saw it clearly the next day and the day after that. She nibbled a pastry on the way home, stopped off at the beach, and she ate nothing at home. She was surviving on the smallest amount of food.

By the third day she finally joined him at his table.

Chapter Twelve

Jennifer had tried to ignore him at every possible turn. He followed her home and watched her while she walked the beach. She wanted to hate him for his overprotectiveness, yet she found his presence soothing.

Last night she'd gazed in the mirror and saw a person she didn't like. Her body was no longer her own. She'd never thought there would come a point where she wished she wasn't thin. The body she now possessed wasn't right.

Linda had talked to her, and they'd made up.

Patrick put his paper away. He'd been reading the same paper, on the same page, for the last three days.

"That must be an interesting article," she said.

He frowned.

"You've not changed a page since you started sitting here. If you're stuck on a word I could help you."

He burst out laughing. The sound sent pleasurable goose-bumps up and down her arms. The sensation startled her.

"You and I both know I wasn't reading the paper."

"No, you were watching me."

She sipped her milkshake with a straw. Her lunch consisted of a cheese and pickle sandwich and a chocolate milkshake.

"This is new," he said, gesturing at the meal.

Heat filled her cheeks as his words registered.

"I haven't been eating properly."

"I noticed. Your curves have faded. I've been sitting here wondering when you'd start eating."

She sucked on her milkshake and finally looked up into his green eyes.

"I didn't deal well with what happened," she said.

"I know. For the first couple of weeks I rarely left my home. I, erm, I assembled all the furniture you bought for the baby."

Jennifer paused as his words connected in her brain. She watched him lift a cell phone from his pocket.

"I think it looks good. What do you think?" he asked.

She stared at the picture he showed her. The nursery looked exactly as she imagined it would.

"I was an asshole," he said.

Words failed her. She picked up her sandwich and took a bite as he began talking again. Jennifer had known there would come a point when she'd need to start living. So much time had passed already. It was unfair of her to constantly mourn. She needed to take her mother's advice and move on.

"Yes, you were, but I wasn't much better." She took a bite of her sandwich enjoying the first real taste of food she'd had in a long time.

"What?" he asked.

"We could have worked around everything. You didn't have to be an insensitive jerk, and I could have taken things slower. I was excited about our future together, and I wanted everything to be perfect."

He reached across the table and took hold of her hand. "We both fucked up."

Jennifer took a bite of her sandwich as she thought about her next words to say. "I don't want you to hate me."

"I can't hate you, Jennifer."

"After I lost the baby, part of me was a little glad about it." The tears she'd been holding back finally poured from her eyes. She wiped them away with the back of her hand. There were so many people in the shop. She'd hate for them to look at her and wonder what was wrong. Patrick tightened his hold on her hand. "I hate myself for being glad."

"We weren't ready. I don't hate you. Far from it, I wasn't joking or lying when I said I love you. I really do love you. I'd do anything for you."

She wiped the tears and then looked at him. "Can we go somewhere else?" she asked. Jennifer needed the privacy away from prying eyes. Patrick paid the bill, and together they walked out of the coffee shop. She walked down the sea front and moved under the pier in the shade. Wrapping her fingers around the post she stared out at the ocean. The wet murky sand discoloured her shoes where she stood.

Patrick wrapped his arms around her stomach, pulling her in close against him.

"We could stay here," he said.

"What?"

"We don't have to return to the city. I'd be happy to spend the rest of my days here with you. You're my everything, Jennifer."

"How can you be so sure?"

He turned her to face him. Taking her hand he pressed her palm over his heart. "I feel it in here. The last few months have been the worst days of my life. Being away from you is torture to me."

"We can't just move here," she said.

His arm banded around her waist. "Why not? You're working in a coffee shop, and I bet your parents would disapprove of that. You already live here."

"I'm staying with Linda in her parents' beach house."

"We can have our own beach house, Jennifer. Please, give us a chance again."

"Why do you think this time will be different from last time?" she asked.

He sighed. The action made the hair on the top of her head move.

"We're not being pressured into doing anything. This will be about us."

She closed her eyes and rested her head against his chest.

"I'm not ready to move in with you. I'm going to stay with Linda."

"Then we'll date without all the other crap."

Jennifer nodded her head. He walked her back to the coffee shop.

"I don't want you to date me here, Patrick."

"I'll date you anywhere. Just give me a time and a place."

"Linda has been talking about going back to the city. We can see each other there. I think it will be better that way. I want the beach to remain as a vacation spot. I've been here too long. I need to go and face the music."

Jennifer glanced around at the beautiful ocean and the busy town streets. The longer she stayed here the easier it was for her to hide away. Staring at Patrick made her want to live again.

He left her at the coffee shop.

Later that night she told Linda her thoughts. Her friend had already packed to go back to the city. Taking a huge leap of faith, Jennifer packed her bags ready to leave. The guy at the coffee shop had been sad to see her go, but with the tourist season at its height there were more than enough people to take her job.

****

Patrick followed behind their car up the motorway and back to the city. He took a deep breath as his nerves started to pick up. The beach and the ocean had taken them both away from what was waiting for them at the city. In the city he'd have to battle memories as well as battling their parents.

He ran a hand over his face and watched the car in front. Jennifer kept turning around in her seat. His woman couldn't drive to save her life. While she'd been away he'd learned everything there was to know about her.

She liked hot chocolate with a touch of mint in the winter. When summer came she loved an iced cold glass of orange juice. She hated peas and gardening. Insects scared her while dogs and cats were her weakness.

His biggest weakness was the woman travelling in front.

Jennifer had taken him by surprise. He'd never fuck up again. There was no way he'd cause her pain. He'd done his fair share of it in the short time they'd known each other.

He left them at their apartment as he drove back to his home.

Patrick called her parents to let them know she'd returned and to advise them to give her space.

The days that followed were crucial. He noticed she never asked to go to his home. Patrick gave Jennifer as much space as possible for her to grow accustomed to his presence. Sometimes the press took pictures of them together, and they asked about their future plans.

She didn't withdraw from him. They were working through their problems, and for once he felt like they were becoming a real couple.

While Jennifer helped Linda with her novel he went and purchased a dog from the pound. Actually, he purchased two dogs from the pound. They were mongrels, but he fell in love with them from the first time he looked at them. He went through his home changing artwork and adapting his living space.

Every night he looked in at the nursery. One day he hoped to fill it with their children. He could only hope.

Chapter Thirteen

Several weeks later

Jennifer stared at Patrick across the dining room table. They were having dinner with her parents. The conversation was veering more towards business than pleasure. She smiled at him as he pushed more prawns onto her plate. Whenever he was able he found a reason to feed her more food.

Slowly, her curves were coming back, which she was grateful for. She was starting to feel more like herself with every passing day. Her feelings for Patrick were growing. The love she thought had died had in fact still been there. She smiled at him, feeling happier than she'd felt in months.

"Are you all right, dear?" her mother asked.

"I'm great." She rubbed her face with a napkin and gave a pointed look at him.

"Mrs. Dixon, I'm afraid Jennifer and I have a prior appointment. We hate to skip out on dessert. You know how much she loves dessert."

They said their goodbyes, and then they were in Patrick's car.

"Do you want me to drop you off at your apartment?" he asked.

"No. I want you to take me home."

He turned to look at her. She saw the shock on his face. "If you want me to come home with you that is. I understand if you don't."

"That's okay. I really do." Patrick kissed her hand as he moved through the traffic. The touch of his lips against her knuckles had her heart beating rapidly inside her chest. "I love you," he said.

She still hadn't said the words to him. Jennifer was waiting for the right moment to tell him how she felt.

He pulled up outside of his house. She heard barking coming from indoors.

"Did you get a dog?" she asked.

"I got two." Patrick opened the front door, and two small mixed breed dogs came yapping out. Jennifer fell in love with them.

"I never knew you were a dog person."

He chuckled. "I wasn't until I saw these two guys. I fell for them hard the moment I saw them. Look at them. How could you pass them up?" he asked.

She laughed and bent down to rub their heads. "You're just a big softy."

"You've got that right," Patrick said.

They walked inside with the two dogs yapping at the feet."

"What are their names?"

"Bill and Bob. Bob has two spots on his ear, and Bill has none."

She picked one up in her arms. "They're so cute."

Patrick stroked the other dog staring at her. Jennifer felt the change in the room as he stared at her.

"Are you wanting to see the room?" he asked.

Jennifer nodded. She needed to see the nursery in order to make that final leap. There was no more pain. There was sadness and a sense of loss, but other than that she was getting better with coping every day that passed.

He led the way upstairs. She remembered many happier times in her life. A couple of the happier times included him.

Patrick stood outside of the bedroom door. She held onto the dog in her arms like a lifeline.

"You don't need to do this now," he said.

"I need to do this, Patrick. This is the last part. If I can't face this then I can't move on." He nodded his head.

The door opened, and she closed her eyes. Her heart raced inside her chest. She didn't know what to find when she opened her eyes.

Jennifer opened her eyes and gasped.

"I found a couple of your sketches of where you wanted stuff to go. I thought you did a really good job in the design of the room, Jennifer."

She stepped across the threshold and glanced around. There were silver blinds over the window to keep the light out. The yellow walls had lost their new paint scent. She noticed he'd put a few stencils of bees and cartoons along the walls, so it no longer looked blank. There was a changing area that remained bare. She touched the surface with her fingers. Tears filled her eyes, but they were not tears of pain. They were tears of joy. The room looked exactly how she imagined it would.

"I can't believe you did this. It looks so amazing." Jennifer was astonished at the beauty before her.

"I followed your instructions. The real beauty came from you. I'm sorry for not being there that night, Jennifer. If I could take it back I would."

She put the dog down on the floor.

"I don't care about that anymore." She pressed her fingers to his lips. "I love you. I love you. I love you." Jennifer repeated the words over and over until they were the only words that could be heard.

His hand wrapped around her and pulled her in close. "Do you really?" he asked.

She gazed up into his eyes. There were tears in his green depths.

"Yes, with my whole heart. I should never have run away from you."

Jennifer accepted that they'd made mistakes. Trying to hide from her issues was useless. The months at the beach house hadn't solved anything. All the beach house had done was make her miserable.

He looked down at her. "I never thought I'd hear those words from your lips."

"I needed to wake up to what was around me. Can you forgive?"

"There is nothing to forgive."

Patrick licked his lips, and she could tell he was nervous.

"What's the matter?" she asked.

"I'm about to do something, and I don't want you to freak out. This is what I should have done that night in the library." Patrick went down on one knee before her.

"You don't need to do this."

"I don't care what I don't need to do. This is what I want to do. Jennifer Dixon, I'm a fuck-up. I swear too much, and I like beer. Sometimes I get moody, and I can be a plain pain in the ass."

If this was a wedding proposal he needed a lot of work.

"I'm all of those things, but I'm the man who is in love with you. If you asked me to follow you wherever you may go then I'd follow, no questions asked." He licked his lips. "The biggest mistake of my life was walking out of that door angry at you. I wasn't angry at you. I was angry at myself. All my life I've had everything easy. I never expected to be completely taken over by you."

She watched as he rummaged through his pockets. He pulled out a ring, took a deep breath, and presented it to her.

"Will you do me the honour of becoming my wife?"

Jennifer stared at the ring. "I didn't ask you to propose, Patrick."

"You don't have to take the ring. This is what I want. I want to be married to you and have children with you. There is nothing more I want from my life than to see your face first thing in the morning. I love you, Jennifer Dixon. Nothing is ever going to change that."

She didn't know what to say.

In her mind images flashed of them together. The night they first met in the library. The moment they had in the gazebo. When she'd seen him in her parents' sitting room and fainted. The vacation they'd had together in Italy, and finally she rested on the memory of his arms around her. The way he looked in the coffee shop. At the time, when she'd seen him sat in the shop where she worked she'd thought she walked into a nightmare. Looking back, she saw she'd finally been sent a gift. His presence had woken her up in more ways than she could have ever imagined.

Without him she'd still be serving tables and living an endless life filled with a bottomless pit of pain. Patrick had given her back her life.

She slid the engagement ring onto her finger. The ring fit perfectly.

"I can't wait to be your wife."

"I love you," he said. "Does that mean yes?"

Jennifer laughed at him. "Yes. Yes. Yes. How many times do you want me to tell you?"

"For the rest of my life, I love you so much, Jennifer. I promise I'll never fuck up. You'll be the happiest woman in the world. I won't let you down."

"Shut up and kiss me."

His lips slammed down on hers, and her heart soared.

Epilogue

Jennifer stroked Bill's head as she watched Patrick put more ribs on the barbeque. The scent was to die for, and she was feeding for two. She rubbed her stomach and stared at the man who'd put her in her condition.

"Stop glaring at me, baby. You were the one who attacked me and got you knocked up." Patrick turned to smile at her. He had a knack for reading her mind.

"I'm pregnant, and it's your fault."

"You took advantage of a sleeping man." He walked up to her, wrapped his arms around her waist, and dropped a kiss on her lips. "How was I to refuse a woman what she wanted?"

"Say no."

"When it comes to you that word doesn't exist to me." He cupped her cheek and deepened the kiss. Patrick's wedding band glinted in the sunlight. Their families were coming to dinner along with Linda's family. Linda's book had taken off, and she was now a successful author.

Jennifer was proud of her friend. Linda had found happiness as a writer while she'd found happiness with Patrick.

The doctor had told them the pregnancy was going well. He was keeping an eye on her in case something went wrong. Patrick was always with her. He refused to leave her side for any reason other than a football game. If it was down to a football game she lay on the sofa with her head in his lap reading a book.

They were happy. They were happier than she ever thought possible.

"I love you, Jennifer Thompson," he said.

"You're never going to get tired of saying that, are you?" She loved hearing him say her name.

"Nope. You're my woman with my name and carrying my beautiful children." He pushed her back until she was against the brick wall.

"Patrick Thompson, are you trying to seduce me?" she asked.

"Are you seduceable?"

"No."

"All women are seduceable." He ran his hand down her neck to cup her breast. "You've just got to find what makes her tick."

Jennifer giggled and wrapped her arms around his neck pulling him in close. The barbeque could wait. Her appetite for her husband could never wait.

She kissed him back, falling in love with him all over again.

****

Patrick moaned against her lips. His woman picked the most inconvenient of moments to have a sexual hunger for him. There was no stopping her when the needs arose. He loved her to distraction. The whole world found it funny that the once eligible playboy and all round bad-ass millionaire had finally been caught by a woman. Their story was told over a dozen times in so many papers he'd grown bored of hearing it.

The true story was what mattered between them, not what some papers thought happened.

He moved down to stroke her swelling stomach. She wasn't too far gone, but soon she'd be giving birth to his children.

Patrick couldn't wait to help bring them into the world.

The time flew by, and before he knew it seven months had gone, and Jennifer gave birth to twins, a boy and a girl.

The End

