Prologue

For Cadeon, walking into his office shouldn't have given him any cause for concern. He owned his own business and took pride in the work he did. His suit was pressed. He looked every part of the dominating man that he was.

The receptionist smiled at him. He knew she wanted a piece of him. Most women did. At thirty-nine he wasn't looking for a casual relationship. When he needed sex, he called one of his many women to accommodate him. He never mixed business with pleasure, and there would be no way he'd take a woman from the office home. His tastes ran to the extreme, and he liked to keep his private life private.

Ignoring the woman, he moved passed the visitors' area and went straight to the elevator. Briefcase in hand, he stood alone as it travelled up to the top floor. The doors opened.

He stopped. Standing outside the elevator door stood a woman. Smaller than he, she would only come to his chest. She didn't look at him. Her eyes stared at the floor. Cadeon felt like he'd been punched in the gut. Her brown hair was tucked into a long ponytail. Men walked behind her, and he noted the stares she was getting. He glanced up and down the corridor.

She looked up, and he fell hard. It was like all of his tomorrows were rolled up into one package. The woman standing before him was the one. He knew it more than he knew what he wanted to eat for lunch.

"A-are you getting off?" she asked.

Staring at her lips, Cadeon heard her voice, but her words didn't register.

"What's your name?" he asked.

The woman, his soul mate, stared at him, baffled. Was this what people meant when they said they fell in love at first sight?

"I don't give my name to strangers," she said.

"He's not a stranger, honey. He's the boss," a woman said as she passed. He saw the change inside her, the blush staining her cheeks and the top part of her chest exposed from the white blouse she wore. As his gaze travelled down her body, he noted other parts of her just as stunning as her face. She had the type of body he associated with the classic fifties' movie stars. All curves. Nothing straight or bony about her. Her tits were large, and he saw the beginning of her cle**age poking out of the top. The blouse was tucked into her pencil skirt outlining her tiny waist and flaring out at the hips. His mouth watered thinking about getting his hands wrapped around her body.

"My name is Violet Moore, sir," she said as she pushed the cart into the elevator.

"Where do you need to go?" he asked, not wanting to ruin the moment with her. Or leave her alone.

"Bottom, please." She spoke quietly. He had to strain to hear her.

"You mean ground floor?"

"Yes."

He stood in the cart and stared at her. For most of his life he'd seen the way his father reacted to his mother. Coming to alert whenever she entered a room. As if his life was somehow connected with hers. Their deaths had been hard to deal with. Their strength had been something Cadeon had grown up within. Taking over Ashwood Enterprise had been expected. Doing it without his father present hadn't been his plan.

"How long have you been working here?"

"A couple of weeks."

Getting her to speak was challenging. Usually women fawned all over him wanting to get their point across.

"Do you like working here?"

"Yes."

The lights on the elevator went down with each floor they passed. Her hands fisted on the bar of the mail trolley.

All too soon the elevator opened, and she left. He stood watching her walk away. She didn't look back. Pressing the button to take him back to the top floor, he went straight to his office.

He called personnel to send him the file on Violet Moore. Within seconds her file was in his inbox, and Cadeon was reading and relishing every last minute piece of information. Closing his eyes, he stared at her age. He was nineteen years older than she. The age didn't matter. He stared at her picture. Unlike the other employees who'd smiled, Violet didn't offer a smile. She stood staring at the camera, looking like she was going to scarper.

From looking at her picture he knew her life had been hard. He sat and stared at her picture for hours, his chest tight. When he'd walked into work, he'd never expected to find the woman who would complete him.

There was no mistaking his reaction to her, the possession he felt. Even when the men on his floor were looking at her ass, he'd felt the heat rise up inside him. Violet Moore was his woman.

Running his fingers through his hair, Cadeon knew it would only be a matter of time until he had her. Placing her file in his secured mail box, he began work. The blinds to his office were up for him to see on the floor.

Around lunchtime he spotted her again, handing out coffee, this time. The irony wasn't lost on him. He'd never mix business with pleasure. Yet, the woman he knew who was his with an absolute certainty was serving coffee.

No matter how long it took, Violet Moore would be his.

He would own her, possess her.

Violet Moore would be his possession.

Cadeon liked the sound of that.

Chapter One

One Year Later

Violet Moore stared at the office door as if it was a monster that would lash out and bite her. At twenty-one she'd seen more crap than any human being should have to face. Her hands shook, and her entire body trembled. She'd been called to her boss's office with no reason as to why he wanted to see her.

She worked in delivering coffee and making sure every person got their mail on time. There was nothing hard about her work, but she liked the constant flow of doing the same thing over and over again.

"Come in," he called. At the first twist the door wouldn't open. She shoved her shoulder against the door, and still the wooden door wouldn't move. "I said come in."

"I can't. The door won't budge." On the last word the door swung open, and she went careening into the hard masculine chest of her boss, Cadeon Ashwood. "I'm sorry," she muttered and pulled herself up and away from him.

Several times she'd ended up alone in his company, and he still managed to make her feel uncomfortable.

"Don't be. I'll get the door looked at. Sit." He moved away and sat behind his desk once again.

Tucking her dull brown hair behind her ear, she went and sat in the chair opposite him.

After he sat down, she watched as he picked up a folder, her folder, and began reading. The silence unnerved her. She had never been alone with him inside his office before. During her interview his female personal assistant had sat in.

"You know why I called you up here today?" he asked. Violet gave him her full attention. Around the office she'd heard women swoon after the boss. He was older than she. At least in his forties she'd assumed. His hair was dark, no shades of grey. His eyes were green, and his body large and well built. She didn't usually take notice of men, but over time she considered seeing which one was a threat and which ones weren't. Her mother had warned her about them from a young age.

"N-no," she said, cursing herself as her stammer returned. Whenever she was nervous she found she had difficulty over her words.

"You have no clue at all?"

She tried to think of something that could be amiss with her performance, but she was drawing a blank. "I don't know, Mr. Ashwood. No one has ever complained about my performance, and I make sure everyone gets what they need." Violet couldn't lose this job. She needed the income to help pay for all the college debts she had accumulated over the years.

Her mother hadn't thought about anyone but herself when she'd opened her veins on the day Violet had graduated.

Refusing to go down the road of bitterness she stared at her boss and prayed he didn't want to fire her.

"This is nothing to do with your job. Actually, I hope to promote you. My personal assistant is going on maternity leave, and I want you to take her place. I've seen the way you work, and I want to see you taking on that role," he said, closing shut her file.

Silence met his statement.

"Thank you. Erm, I don't want to seem rude, but I'm not qualified in that field."

"Miss Moore, you put yourself through college and are as qualified to handle this role as any other women I have here. Stacey will train you in the next six weeks, and you'll take over from her," he said.

Violet didn't know what to do. "I just want to make coffee and hand out the mail. I can do that."

His hand slammed on the desk, making her jump. Her fingers tightened round the handles of her chair. Any acts of violence scared her. She kept her gaze on his hands, thankful it stayed in the one place.

"I've told you what you're going to be doing. Don't argue with me."

She nodded her head.

"Good. Now that's settled I've got a few questions I want you to answer." Cadeon picked up a pen and opened her folder.

Moving her hands away from the chair she clasped them together in her lap, hating the initial fear that came forward whenever a man was angry. Why couldn't she be like other women and argue or march out?

Confrontation wasn't her.

"Are you ready?" he asked.

Another nod of the head. There was nothing more she could do.

"Do you have any family?"

"No," she said.

"Is there anyone waiting for you back home? A friend, a room-mate, lover?"

"I don't know how any of this is relevant to the position," she said, her cheeks on fire from his comment about a lover. Having a lover would mean trusting the opposite sex. She didn't trust the cat that lived next door with her elderly neighbour, let alone a man.

"I need these questions answered."

Licking her lips she shook her head.

"Boyfriend or partner?"

She shook her head.

"I need you to write down all your phone numbers so I can reach you at any time." He got up and came round the desk and handed her a board to lean on and a piece of paper with her work picture at the top. Cadeon passed her a pen.

Violet began writing her home address and her personal details. Her hand shook as she felt him behind her, leaning over her shoulder. His breath moved her hair across her neck, the close proximity making her nervous.

"What's the matter?" he asked.

"N-nothing."

"You've stopped writing."

"I'm sorry." Closing her eyes in the hope to gather her bearings she filled in the rest of the form. Her hand shook, and her eyes blurred as she tried to control the flow of tears. Cadeon didn't scare her. His dominating presence and what she witnessed in her past scared her.

Clicking the pen she gave him both the sheet and the pen back.

"Can I go back to work?" she asked.

"You may. Tomorrow I want you into work, so Stacey can start your training. I look forward to working with you."

Violet nodded and ran for the door. She gave a tug, and it wouldn't budge. Trying to contain her whimper of frustration she tried with both hands, but nothing happened.

"Here, let me." Cadeon leaned over her and tugged her door. His whole body pressed against her back. "See you tomorrow."

"Yes, sir." Violet ran out of the room and raced towards the stairs. On the floor underneath she went straight to the bathroom and locked the first stall that was empty. Sitting on the seat she placed a hand over her heart and tried to bring her breathing back to normal. Ever since taking the job at Ashwood Enterprise she'd promised herself to fight her fear and start living like a normal twenty-one year old. That was a year ago. The fear and pain, no matter what she did, lived with her always.

****

Cadeon watched as Violet left his office. For the past year he'd seen the young girl, and with every look, he'd wanted to see her. The obsession he felt for the woman was startling. He opened her file and read through all of her personal details and then the piece of paper he'd made her fill in.

There was no one in her life. Taking out his mobile phone he stored her numbers into his important information and wrote down her address in his notes before putting the device away.

He was a man who knew what he wanted, and he wanted Violet. Cadeon saw her innocence and the pain shining in her eyes. The last year, he'd seen her interactions with men. She didn't spend too long talking, enough time to pass mail and hand over coffee. The women in his office didn't like the way the men tried to gain her attention. He knew why. Even though she kept to herself and wore unflattering suits they saw the beauty beneath. Her brown hair shone like gold, and her pale skin complemented her complexion. Brown eyes he'd never seen smile but held a wealth of pain no woman of twenty-one should know. Her figure was another startling feature. When she turned or bent over, the full curves of her h*ps and heavy br**sts could be seen. She had the figure of a fifties' actress. Everything about her brought out his possessive instincts. He wanted to care for her. The age gap between them was irrelevant. Cadeon knew how to care for her.

Calling Stacey into his office, he informed her she'd begin training her replacement. By the end of the day when he was ready to leave he found Violet gathering her purse from the cloak room.

"You're working late," he said.

She jumped and turned to face him, a blush staining her cheeks. "I'm sorry. I was told I was to work until the last member of staff leaves."

He noted as her fingers shook on her coat. "Here let me help." Taking the coat from her fingers he helped her into it, his hands lingering on her shoulders.

"Why are you shaking?" he asked against her ear.

"I'm cold."

"Then let me drive you home."

"I can't do that," she said.

"Yes, I can, and I won't take, no for an answer." He took her arm and led her out of the offices into his waiting limo. Telling the driver where to go, Cadeon placed the partition up. He wanted privacy with her in his limo.

She sat in the corner as far away from him as possible.

"Why are you scared of me?"

"I'm not scared."

"Then move a little closer. This limo is big enough for the both of us." He tapped the seat and waited for her to move closer. Violet slid an inch away from the door. "A little closer."

Another inch. Tired of waiting for the heat of her body to be near his, Cadeon reached over the small gap and pulled her closer with a hand on her waist and leg.

She squealed but sat frozen where he left her. "There, that's better."

While she stared out of the window, Cadeon watched her. A floral scent teased his senses, and he leaned closer and inhaled.

"What perfume are you wearing?" he asked.

"I don't wear perfume," she whispered.

The scent was her natural fragrance.

"You smell beautiful," he said.

"Thank you."

Her hands were entwined and clasped in her lap. Without thinking he took one of her hands and rested one in his hand so they were palm to palm.

"You're so tiny." Testing her hand he moved down and circled her wrist using his middle finger and thumb. Her body might be that of a voluptuous woman, but her wrists were delicate.

She pulled on her hand. He let her go and watched as she sat on them. Violet didn't like to be touched. He could see her fighting with his presence.

Too bad. He wanted her to get used to him. As the limo began to slow, Cadeon glanced around at the street and gasped. Violet lived in a really poor neighbourhood. The houses were run down with mattresses on the front lawn. He saw a couple doing the deed against a shop door. Everything screamed out trouble. Her house lay between two buildings. On the right each window was smashed, and the residue caused from a fire scorched the brick walls. On her left a man with a bulging belly and tattoos let men into the house. He knew what was going on behind those walls.

"Thank you for the lift," she said, moving to the handle. Cadeon had control of the limo functions where he sat and locked the door. There was no way he'd let her out of his sight. "What are you doing?"

"I'm not leaving you here. Dogs are treated better than this." The glass giving them privacy from the driver began to pull down.

"This is my home. I'm safe I assure you."

Cadeon closed his eyes. The trouble she was near and could possibly be dragged in was too much to bear. Didn't she have the first clue of how vulnerable she was?

"Take me back to my home," he said and pressed the button for privacy again.

The car pulled away, and Violet attacked the door. "You can't keep me against my will." Her actions were becoming more hysterical with each tug.

"Stop it, Violet."

Immediately she stopped, folded her arms over her chest and turned away from him. Was his Violet a little submissive at heart?

"There is no way I could leave you there."

"It's my home."

Running his fingers through his hair, Cadeon lost his temper. "Do you have any idea the danger you were in? What about that man living next door? Who do you think those men were paying to visit? Nuns?"

She shrank away from him and his temper.

"I know what they were doing."

"Really? Is that what you do on your spare time? Earn money on your back? Spread those pretty thighs for any man?" Cadeon knew he shouldn't have said the hateful words, but once he started he couldn't stop. Her actions surprised him.

Out of nowhere, she moved closer and struck him, her palm stinging across his face. "How dare you?" she said.

Cadeon smiled, grabbed her hand and brought her close to his body. "The little mouse has claws. I like it." He stared into her brown eyes. His cheek stung, but his heart raced as the need to take her in his arms grew stronger. He leaned down until he was a breath away from her lips. Her body fit perfectly against him. His assessment was right as the curve of her h*ps couldn't be mistaken. She was gorgeous and supple, and he wanted her with a desperation he hadn't known existed inside him.

"You're my boss," she said, her free hand resting on his chest.

"I don't care." Cadeon slammed his lips down, taking control of her in his arms. She struggled for a few seconds and eventually relaxed. Her lips didn't respond. "Kiss me back."

Her head shook, and Cadeon had no choice but to lift up and stare down at her.

"You're mine," he growled against her lips.

"I'm no one's."

Smiling down at her, he knew it would be only a matter of time before he had this flower right where he wanted her. In his bed where she was meant to be from the very beginning.

Chapter Two

Violet shook as his hands roamed up and down her back. Never had she been touched so intimately by a man before. His words delighted and scared her at the same time. She didn't know how to respond or to react. Did every man say such words to a woman?

For the rest of the journey he didn't let her go. They remained with him leaning over her, his hands on her back resting a breath apart. She pressed hers against his chest and waited for the car to stop. Once it stopped she could call a taxi and be gone. She'd hand in her letter of resignation and leave as soon as possible. Finding work would be hard.

"You're not going anywhere," he said.

"W-what?"

"I can see what you're thinking. I won't take any letter or you quitting. I want you close by."

Was he able to read minds?

"You can't keep me against my will." Before he could respond, the car pulled to a stop, and the driver informed him he was home.

One of his hands moved from behind his back, and he cupped her chin in his. "I'm going to take care of you whether you like it or not."

Surely, women could fight against this kind of possession? Cadeon kept her in his arms as he got out of the car. Since the drive from her house it had started raining. Cadeon picked her up as if she weighed nothing and placed her on her feet only when they were firmly inside his house.

An elderly lady waited by the door and regarded her with a puzzled expression. Violet understood the woman's feelings. Violet was just as confused.

"Mr. Ashwood," the elderly woman said.

"Bring some tea into the sitting room, Anne. Violet and I have had a long night." Cadeon took her hand and pulled her in the direction of what she assumed was his sitting room. He moved so fast she didn't have time to see his house. Nothing stood out, and in no time, he entered a room where a log fire was burning in the hearth.

"You must be freezing," he said. Removing her coat and jacket, Cadeon threw them across the room. He sat her down and removed her shoes, followed by her tights. She gasped as he reached up under her skirt grabbed the waist band of her tights and pulled them off.

Next, he removed his own coat and jacked and pulled her to her feet where he wrapped his arms around her.

She didn't have time to say anything. Cadeon knew what he was doing, and even though his presence unnerved her and to a point scared her, she couldn't deny the small thrill being in his arms had created. Her hands stayed by her side as he rubbed part of the cold out. She hadn't even realised she'd been shaking until now.

"I've got you."

For some reason she imagined Cadeon wouldn't let her go. His interest in her was startling. A year she'd worked for his company. Through her recollection she could only recall two elevator rides with him. Their meetings had never been verbal, and her time with him had been short. Why was he interested in her?

A knock came seconds before Anne brought through a tray with the tea on. "I made some sandwiches." Anne placed the tray on the coffee table and left.

"You need to eat," he said. Not letting go of her hand, he led her to the sofa and brought her to sit on his lap.

"I really should refuse...."

"Do you think I'd let you sit anywhere but here?" His hand lay across her leg.

She shook her head.

"Good."

With her still in his lap he grabbed the nearest plate of sandwiches and placed it on her lap. "Eat."

Taking a sandwich she took a small bite and chewed. Violet believed it was a ham sandwich. She didn't taste much of it. Having him constantly staring put her off eating.

"Do you do this for all of your personal assistants?" she found herself asking.

"No. You're different."

Unsure what he meant, she ate two sandwiches and handed him the plate back. His hand on her leg was moving in circles up and down and along her knee.

He placed the plate back and handed her a cup of steaming tea. Violet didn't know what was happening. Should she demand to get off his knee? Scold him for forcing her to do something she didn't like? Men usually were polite, and they smiled at her. Nothing this dominating.

Cadeon was in control, and she couldn't fight against it.

"What are you thinking?" he asked.

"Don't you know?"

He smiled, and his free hand circled her waist. "I want to hear it from your lips."

Violet looked down at her tea. The brew was sweet, and she didn't have the heart to tell him she didn't like it.

"I don't know what to do," she answered him honestly.

"Relax." He placed her cup on the tray and held her in his arms.

The entire situation was bizarre.

After a time he picked her up and moved upstairs with her. Violet held onto him and let him. In the short time she'd been in his company she'd come to realise arguing was useless.

He opened a door at the far end of the long corridor. She saw the large four poster bed, but he didn't put her down. He went to one of the three doors along the opposite wall and placed her on her feet in the bathroom.

Cadeon went over to the large bath tub and began filling it with hot water. He tested the water and came back to her. Violet held her hands up to protect her clothes. She didn't want him to see her naked.

"I'll leave you to wash and rest. When you come out there'll be a nightgown waiting for you." He leaned down and brushed her lips with his and then left.

Violet waited long enough to make sure he'd left completely before unbuttoning her blouse and removing her skirt and underwear.

She walked to the bath tub and tested the water. It was perfect, and she got in. Closing her eyes, she allowed her mind to relax. Nothing was going to happen to her. She was safe. Being alone in the world had never been a problem to her. She had troubles like everyone else. For most part, her mother had tried to spare her the harshness of her life. Escaping had been Violet's only option. Escaping and never getting close to anyone was the only way she could survive.

It would only be a matter of time before she had to leave. Cadeon was determined to get too close. She closed her eyes and saw her mother. The beautiful vision she'd been when entertaining one of her guests.

****

"Listen to me, Violet. You're better than this. I never want you to feel as if you have to live this life. Do you understand me?" her mother asked.

"I don't know what you mean." Violet was thirteen and developing her body. She knew what her mother did to pay the rent and put food in their bellies. The constant stream of men unnerved her all the time. Especially the man who stayed and took half of her mum's money.

"If I'm not here one day, baby, you've got to promise me you'll run. Run and never look back no matter how hard it is. The priest can help you."

"You're scaring me," Violet said.

Her mother grabbed her shoulders and shook her. "You're not a little girl anymore, pet. They'll see you and begin to want you. You've got to keep yourself safe. Promise me that no matter what happens you'll be safe. Promise me."

Violet couldn't stop the tears streaming down her face. Her mother made sure no man came near her. She did not even go to school, just to private lessons from the parish priest whenever he had a chance. She had no one but the love her mother could offer.

"I promise," she said and held onto tightly to her parent. Like many times before, her mother locked her bedroom door. Violet stayed in her room. Her hands wrapped around her knees as the sounds of violence penetrated the walls. There was nothing she could do. Mother always locked her door. No matter what she heard she could never leave her room.

****

Violet opened her eyes and gasped as the stabbing pain in her heart was too much. Her mother might have been a whore, but Violet had loved her with all of her heart. Taking the soap from the side of the bath she lathered her body and washed herself. Her hair took the longest. Her usual floral shampoo was still at home. She settled on the lavender scented hair wash. When she was done and the fear of the past had abated a little she grabbed a towel and dried her body.

Would Cadeon be waiting on the other side?

Closing her eyes and taking a breath, she entered the room. He was nowhere to be seen. A nightgown lay on the bed, and she saw he'd switched the light shades on either side of the bed, casting a soft glow around the room. Not bothering to take in her surroundings she put the night gown over her head. It was s silk gown that opened to her cle**age and settled around her ankles, its colour a beautiful peach.

She found a brush in a drawer and began to untangle the mess of her mid-back length hair. Going to the salon to get it cut seemed like an unnecessary expense. Her hair grip was in the bathroom. She wore her hair down and climbed beneath the sheets. Tired and exhausted from the day as soon as her head hit the pillow, darkness consumed her.

****

Cadeon sat in his office and took another gulp of his strongest whisky. Having Violet in his house was supposed to make him feel easier. Instead his nerves were on end. Something didn't add up about the woman in his house. Picking up the file he'd made on her, he glanced through the paperwork. There was nothing new he could find. She was an only child with no parents. Her mother had passed away some time ago. According to the file, nothing brilliant stood out about Violet Moore.

Swinging down the last of his drink, he picked up the phone and dialled his friend and lead security man, Tate Allen.

"You're calling me a little early. Doesn't the bad Dom come out after dark?" Tate said.

"Don't start. I've got a job for you, and I'll make it worth your while."

"You know the only thing I want."

They'd argued many times about what Tate wanted. Cadeon refused to give her to him.

"I told you no," Cadeon growled.

"Then I can't help you."

Tate hung up the phone, and Cadeon slammed his receiver back down. Pouring himself another shot of whisky he picked up the phone and dialled his number again. Tate wanted Rebecca Black for his own. He'd found her in a sex club being abused by an ass**le who was into pain. He'd promised to help and keep her safe.

"My deal sticks. I'll not do anything for you without her, Cadeon. I promised you I'd take care of her. Nothing has changed," Tate said as soon as he picked up the phone.

"What about your friend, Kevin? Will he still take care of her?" Cadeon didn't want to get into this argument.

The woman he wanted was upstairs and, he bet, lying in his bed. He wanted to go and join her. To hold her in his arms. Not have to sort through making deals with men for women.

"Kevin wants her, too. We'll take care of her. We've promised you several times."

"She's delicate."

"You either want us to do this job, Cadeon, or get off the phone. I'm tired of this bullshit. You can't keep Rebecca from us forever. She's ours."

His grip tightened on the phone. "Fine, but I've got to be present at your meeting. If she doesn't feel comfortable with you, you call it off, deal?"

"Yes."

"I want you to do some digging for me."

"Give me the, name, age and sex and I'll get it done," Tate said.

"Violet Moore, twenty-one and female."

"Any middle names? Anything else to go on?"

"She has no living family."

"Cadeon, do you think this girl wants to stay gone for a reason?"

Cadeon drank down his second shot. "I don't think anything. I want to know more about her."

"Consider it done."

The call ended, and Cadeon placed the receiver down. He knew he should call Rebecca, but he didn't want to disturb her yet. Tate and Kevin always unnerved her.

He imagined he was worrying for nothing. Violet was just an innocent girl and not used to being around men.

"Is there anything else, sir?" Anne asked after she knocked on his offie door.

"No. You may leave for the night." He waited, knowing she had something to say. "Say what you've got to say."

"She's young. You should be careful with her. She's not like your other women."

"How do you know about my other women?" he asked.

"I've seen the way you are with her. Be careful. If you squeeze too tight you may lose her forever."

"Save the dramatic words for someone else. I know what to do with a woman." Cadeon turned.

Anne bowed her head and left the room. She'd served the Ashwood house ever since he was a boy and his dad had been in control. A possessive instinct had been passed through generation from father to son. When they found the woman they wanted to spend the rest of their life with, they refused to let them go, instead taking over and making them dependant on them and them alone.

His possessiveness rose every time Violet entered the room. He had to hold onto himself to stop himself from having her. She was young, and he was forty years old. In his head he knew he should let her go and live her life. To be in the background, waiting until she came back. His heart refused to let her go. Violet was his woman, and he wouldn't ever let her leave him.

Closing down his computer and shutting out the light he made his way up to his bedroom. One of the light shades was still on, and he saw her lying in his bed. Her hair splayed out on the pillow, the strands still wet from her bath. Cadeon stood next to the bed and gazed down at her. The blanket had slipped down her body, the peach, silk nightgown showing through. She wouldn't have known the gown was made to be transparent. He saw the mounds of her br**sts peeking over the edge of the bodice. He saw her ni**les, dark red and tight budding against the gown. What would happen if he leaned over and pulled the straps and bodice down, exposing her tits for him to see?

He moved away from temptation and began to undress. Cadeon didn't bother with a bath and took a quick shower. His cock, rock hard at the vision of her in his bed, threatened to destroy him. No woman should look so fine and beautiful. He grasped his shaft and palmed up and down the long length of his arousal. The release would be welcome as he didn't want to startle her when he joined her in the bed.

In his mind's eye he saw her laid out on the bed. He stripped away her peach gown and thought about her large tits.

His free hand he moved to the wall above. The spray of the water glided down his body.

Thinking about her na**d had become a mental torture to him and one he hoped to rectify in the coming weeks. Having her alone for as long as he wished, Cadeon hoped to get her to open up to him. To tell him her secrets and let him care and love her.

Cadeon would give her the world.

His hand increased speed with every thrust. Seeing her on the bed drove him insane with longing. He thought about her waking up and smiling at him as he joined her. Touching her body and showing her the love he was capable of giving. His seed erupted from the tip and sprayed the wall of the shower stall. Gasping for breath, he continued to f**k his fist until every last drop escaped and he was left sated.

The water from the shower cleaned away the mess he'd made. He shut the water off, grabbed the towel she'd used, and wrapped it around his body. A second towel dried off his hair and chest. Walking into the room, he saw Violet was still asleep, but she was plagued with bad dreams. She winced, moaned and trembled.

Discarding the towels, he lifted the covers, shut off the light and joined her. Cadeon wrapped his arms around her and brought her close.

She woke instantly to his presence. "What are you doing?" she asked, her voice groggy and filled with sleep.

"This is my bed, sweetheart. You're having a bad dream. Lie down and rest." He laid her head on his chest and held her as she drifted off to sleep.

At first, he felt her struggle to pull away. He held her and refused to let her go. As the night wore on, her body relaxed, and soon she was asleep.

Cadeon closed his eyes and let the thrill of having her in his arms soothe him. She would be his, if it was the last thing he did.

Chapter Three

"Where is she?" Dominic asked, slapping the woman at his feet away from him.

"We don't know where she could have got to, sir. No one knows what she looks like or where she could have moved to. With no name or other details we can't find her," one of his minions said.

Dominic didn't like failure. He wanted results, and he wanted them fast. His business relied on him to be the best he could and to get the products distributed in the best possible condition as soon as possible.

"She's a little girl, and I want her. People will pay a pretty penny for her. I want her. For the past three years you've failed me." Taking out his gun, Dominic shot the man who'd come back to his house with the same stupid answers. No one has seen her. No one knows where she is. There are more women out there.

"Does anyone else what to follow this shit-head?" he asked the other men surrounding him. No one stood up.

Picking up the picture he'd found in Valerie Walter's house. The stupid whore had kept her daughter in the dark from him. She knew he was looking for young girls. Stupid f**king cunt. They should know never to think for themselves. They were good for one thing, for f**king and bringing him money. When one whore died, ten more stood in her place. Valerie had been a good earner. She knew what the men wanted. Finding the picture of her daughter had been a treasure he couldn't deny, but locating the girl was becoming more trouble than he liked. Maybe when he got her, he'd give the little slut a test drive.

"Now, I want you to leave here and get in touch with our contacts in the police force. Push a little money. I don't give a shit. I want this girl found."

His men left in a hurry. They knew better than to f**k with him. Dominic Green, human trafficker, drug pusher, and all round bad-ass. No one messed with him. Least of all women. He glanced at the woman curled up in a ball. Smiling, he grabbed her by the hair and pulled her into his bedroom.

The girl would be his.

Chapter Four

Violet stretched, coming awake and opening her eyes. She frowned. The bed wasn't hers, and she didn't recognise the room. She became aware of the other presence in the bed and turned to see Cadeon fast asleep beside her, one arm flung over her waist and one leg covering both of hers.

She'd never slept in a bed with a man before. Lying as still as possible, she looked at the man she worked for. In sleep he appeared so peaceful, unlike when he was awake. Cadeon Ashwood was a force to be reckoned with. She'd witnessed grown men become terrified at the prospect of doing business with him.

He opened his eyes and smiled at her. The effect on her body alarmed her. His smiled should not affect her so easily.

"Good morning," he said. His hand on her waist moved up her rib cage to lie underneath her breast.

"Morning."

"Did you sleep well?"

How strange for her to be having a conversation about her sleeping pattern with her boss? Wait a minute. She was in bed with her boss. That sort of thing mustn't happen. Shit. She wished her mother hadn't kept her in the dark about so many things. But then, men did sleep with her mum all the time.

Shut up, Violet.

"Yes. I did."

"Good. I'm glad." Cadeon leaned over and kissed her on the lips. The merest brush of lips. Nothing overly sexual or dominating.

"You keep doing that," she said.

"What?"

"Kissing me. I'm your employee. You shouldn't kiss me." Her fingers traced the line of her lips.

"I like kissing you. Don't you like me kissing you?" His hand moved down her body and grasped her hip. She took a large breath trying to compose the shaking of her body. What was he doing to her? "Well? Do you like me kissing you?"

"Yes," she whispered not trusting herself to speak any louder.

He cupped her cheek, his thumb stroking the curve of her jaw. "You're so beautiful."

She liked his compliments. Licking her lips, Violet stared into his eyes. Their gazes held in a fight of wills. Who would look away first?

"You don't believe me when I say you're beautiful?" he asked.

Violet wouldn't turn away. "I don't know what to think. Beauty means so many things to so many people."

Cadeon chuckled. "Your eyes speak of so much knowledge. Of shit you should never have witnessed. Yet, you say stuff that has an air of innocence. You're a contradiction, Miss Moore." He kissed her again. "You've got secrets. I'm going to unlock them."

Her heart beat faster. No one could ever know about her past. Her mother had forbidden her to ever speak of her life. The day she killed herself was the day the old Violet ceased to exist.

"I've got no secrets. I'm just trying to make my way," she said. Her hand stopped him from moving down her face. The fear of being caught gave her the strength to stop him on his quest.

"What are you afraid of?"

"I'm not afraid of anything," she said.

"You're scared of my touch." To prove his point, his hand went to her collarbone and travelled down to cup her breast. Violet tried not to struggle under his touch. Tears formed in her eyes, and she bit her lip to stop calling out. His touch scared her, not because she was repulsed, but because of what it made her feel. She didn't understand what was going on with her body or how to control it. Cadeon Ashwood was a dangerous man, and she should be running in the opposite way to avoid him.

"I can feel your heart beating, Violet." She broke eye contact and stared down at his hand. His fingers were tilted as he brushed them along her nipple. The material of her gown pointed up as her nipple grew tight. Pleasure burst from the spot he was touching.

"S-stop," she said. He pulled his hand away.

"You're a bright young woman. I see you, and you're happy to hand out mail and serve coffee. I don't buy it. I've seen you glance at the art work in the corridors when you think no one is looking. There is something about you, Violet. You want to see the world but are afraid to open up and fly."

"I don't know what you're talking about." She did. What scared her was how easily he could read her.

"I could show you everything." He grabbed her chin in a strong grip. Not tight with the intent to hurt. "One more taste."

Cadeon bent his head, and Violet couldn't stop him. His lips touched hers. This wasn't a brush of lips. This was something else. A possession of her mind, her body. Violet held onto him as he made love to her mouth. His tongue traced the curve of her lips before plunging inside. He tasted fresh and masculine. Moaning, she pressed closer. Cadeon moved his hands down her body to the straps of her gown. Violet didn't want to refuse. His kiss had caught her off guard. She loved the feel of being in his arms and having him take total control over her.

He moved down, kissing along her neck and down. Her fingers sank into the hair at the nape of his neck. A growl came out of his mouth. She watched as he moved over her, his na**d body pressing between her thighs.

Violet froze. The length of his arousal pressed at her core.

"A man will say anything to get one thing. Keep yourself whole, Violet. Once you give it up, they'll treat you like trash."

"What's the matter?" Cadeon asked, coming off her.

She took in the scene with fresh eyes. Her gown was down to her waist. Her ni**les glistened from the wet heat of his mouth. Her legs were spread open, and he lay between them.

"I-I-I would like to get dressed now." She hated it when she mumbled. The sound made her appear childish even to herself.

"We're not doing anything wrong," he said. A frown marred his face. Licking her lips she turned away, dropping her hands from his hair.

"I-I know. B-but I think I should get ready for work." She closed her eyes as he placed the straps of her gown back up and over her br**sts, thanking anyone for the fact he didn't ridicule her.

He got up from her body, and she blushed. His shaft between his legs was long, thick and proud.

"Shouldn't you put some clothes on?" she asked.

"This is my house, and I'll wear what I like. Besides, I like your gaze on me." He stared at her for several minutes. Unable to concentrate with his na**d presence she pushed away from the bed and went in search of her clothes. She found them and began dressing. Taking the brush she'd found last night, she stood in the mirror brushing her hair.

"Would your driver take me home? I need to change before work."

Cadeon moved and stood behind her. He wore a black business suit with a crisp white shirt and a tailored jacket.

"You're not going back there," he said to her reflection in the mirror.

"I have to. It's my home."

He took the brush out of her hands and began to brush her long length of hair. The action he used was smooth. "I told you last night I wouldn't let you go back to that house."

"But everything is there. My stuff."

"Give me your keys. I'll get my men to clean it out. I don't want you back in that street."

She turned round and took the brush out of his hands. "You don't know me. You can't just bombard my life like that."

"Can't I?" He folded his arms over his impressive chest. "Violet, I hate to break this to you, but no one knows where you are."

"You won't hurt me."

"No, I won't, which is why you won't be returning to that place. Give me your keys. I'm taking care of you from here." He opened his hand, waiting.

"I'm twenty-one years old. I can take care of myself."

"Then do so, and understand what I'm offering you. Give me your keys. Don't make me take them from you."

Violet had never had another person be so protective of her. Swallowing past the lump in her throat, she glanced down at the floor. Cadeon was so different from everyone she'd heard about.

"I don't have the keys. They're in my bag, which I left downstairs," she said.

"Fine. Finish getting dressed, and we'll go down to breakfast. You can give me your keys, and then we'll go to work."

Violet nodded. "People will talk if I turn up with you."

"Do I look like the kind of man who gives a shit about stuff like that?" He spun away and walked out of the room.

Alone, Violet brushed out her hair. Why couldn't she tell him no? But there was another, more confusing, question for her. Why didn't she want to?

****

Cadeon walked down the corridor and went straight into the kitchen. Anne was buttering some toast. She gave him a look and continued in her work. He went for the coffee and poured himself a mug.

"Where is she?"

"Getting dressed."

"I noticed no other bed was made up," Anne said.

"She stayed with me."

The only sound was the scratching as she spread the butter over a crispy slice of toast.

"You know she isn't like most of the women you've dated."

"Don't give me the third degree. I've never brought a woman back here," he said. Anne always knew what to say to put him in a bad mood. He watched as she slammed the knife on the side and stalked over to him.

"Cadeon Ashwood, don't you ever raise your voice at me. You may be my employer, but I can still put you over my bloody knee and smack that backside of yours."

He burst out laughing. Anne had been the best nanny and housekeeper in the world. She'd never punished him even though sometimes he'd deserved it.

"Don't laugh at me, boy. I know what you get up to, and don't ask me how I know. I just do. That girl up there isn't like your circles. You've got to be careful with her or risk losing everything. Do you understand?"

Cadeon knew what she was talking about. His lifestyle was kept from the media and press, but it didn't mean his private life was private. The life of an Ashwood was stressful. He'd seen the way his father had reacted with his mother. Always in her company and bestowing her with gifts and favours. His father's possessiveness of his wife had been open for all to see. Cadeon had wanted the same, to be so completely taken by a woman he couldn't bear to be without her.

"I would never hurt her. I promise. Ah, here she is." Violet stood in the door looking beautiful and perfect as ever. With great pride he watched as she walked toward him and handed her the house key. The first move in a line of trust. At least he hoped she saw it that way.

Thinking of her alone in that awful place was more than he could stand.

"Do you want coffee, tea?"

"Tea, please." She sat at the counter, and he kept his gaze fixed on her. Every little move she made and the way she held herself so still and silent was as if she was scared of anyone knowing she was there.

"Do you want any toast, love?" Anne asked.

"No, thank you."

"You've got to eat," he said.

"I'm not hungry."

Cadeon went to order her to eat but stopped himself as he caught Anne's warning look.

While she drank her coffee, he went and called one of his men to collect her keys and begin the process of emptying out her house. Once that was sorted he picked up the phone and dialled Tate. He answered on the first ring.

"What do you want?"

"I want to see if you've got any news."

He heard a heavy sigh over the line. "Look, according to most records a Violet Moore didn't exist before three years ago."

"But our security at my office runs thorough checks."

"Yes, and you'll probably find a trail of some kind. I'm not saying this girl is shifty, but something isn't right with her birth and everything." He heard a lot of clicking and the sound of paper moving.

"Call me as soon as you have something."

"Will do."

Cadeon hung up. He didn't think anything suspicious. Nothing illegal that could implicate her in any way. He just knew in his gut that this girl had a past, and it wasn't all flowers and roses.

He walked over to his window overlooking his gardens. As a successful and wealthy business man he could have anything his heart desired. Ever since Violet walked into his office building a year ago he'd known she would be his. The first elevator ride with Violet, he'd stood at the back. She hadn't noticed him, her hands filled with bundles of letters to be sorted through. There had been three other people in the small space, but his eyes had been on her the whole time.

At first it had been her neck he'd become obsessed with. The curve exposing a length of flesh for him to lick, kiss or nibble. The ride had been short and sweet. Her floral scent as she moved away had filled his senses making him crave for more.

Next he'd seen her round the office, her head downcast, always scared to show her face. Men greeted her. She'd smile and hand the mail over and move onto the next person in line. The previous man forgotten if he'd even had a chance in the first place.

The second elevator ride he stood as close to her as social understanding allowed. He knew the cameras would capture every move and sound. In the reflection from the metal doors he could watch and not be seen. She said little, but her presence did something to him. Something indescribable. He felt protective of her. As if she called to the man deep within him to hold her and make sure nothing bad could happen.

At first, the sensation had scared him. Surely it was in his mind. He'd sort out the first woman he could find and slake his lust with her body. That didn't help, but rather made him need a hot shower to rid himself of the scent. Not understanding what was happening he'd sought the help of his dearest uncle, the only close living relative he had of his father's.

****

"What troubles you, Cadeon?" Uncle Michael asked.

"I know we haven't been the most normal of men, but this woman at work - I want her more than I can begin to describe. I need her, Uncle Michael. Every time I see her the impulse to take her and hold her and never let her go is strong. I don't understand it, but I remember Dad feeling a similar way with Mom."

"This isn't about our family, Cadeon. This is about a certain type of man. A man who is possessed by a gene so strong he can't bear to settle down without her at his side. You're a member of the club. You've seen how it works."

Cadeon stared at his uncle unsure what to say. "You mean Possession is...." He couldn't find the right words to describe it.

"For years men have fought their desires, their needs. The possessive instinct had been described as nothing short of a foolish man who couldn't control his head or his heart. Then, many years ago, men like your father and his grandfather with other men with the wealth and power formed an exclusive club. A place where they could be free to be as possessive as they liked. Possession was born for the man who couldn't control his need to be possessive of his woman. When you find the woman, you'll know."

****

Cadeon recalled the conversation as if it was yesterday he'd spoken to his uncle. On the day of his eighteenth birthday his dad had pulled him aside and handed him the all access card, A card for an exclusive gentleman's club where only the most wealthy and privileged were allowed. At first he thought it was sex club until he began to sit and watch. The men who brought their wives were all about showing the men who was boss. The men talked about the way they felt. It was a place for like-minded men to be at peace with someone of a similar understanding. Possession became his salvation. Without it, Cadeon was sure he'd have gone insane with wanting since Violet walked into his life.

He thought about her upstairs in his bed. She was innocent, but she hadn't put up much of a fight to rid him from the bed. His c**k hardened in his trousers as he thought about her na**d in his arms, the way the gown slipped to her waist and her tits were on display for him and him alone. He wanted to slide his dick between the valley, to suckle and nibble on her tight buds. Cadeon knew with Violet he had to take everything slow.

She was terrified at the smallest of things. If he pushed too hard she'd scarper at the first opportunity.

There was more to him than the possessive instinct he felt over his woman. What he couldn't tell his uncle was his dominant nature. To have a woman under his total control was the ultimate thrill and pleasure. In his mind's eye he saw Violet, on her knees, naked. Her hands were bound behind her back as he gripped her hair in his fist, f**king her mouth with his cock. The image had driven him insane, and one day soon he hoped to know what it would look and feel like in the flesh.

A knock came at the door.

"Come in."

Violet opened the door and stood waiting. "We're going to be late if we don't go soon."

Cadeon nodded, grabbed his mobile phone and followed her out of the door. All of his problems could wait. He needed to get through the next few days.

Chapter Five

Violet stared at the computer as Stacey hovered in the background. She was patient and helped her through everything she was struggling to cope with.

"How do you do it?" she asked at lunchtime. For the first time since she'd worked for Ashwood Enterprise she was having lunch with another person. She'd bought a turkey bagel with mayonnaise.

"Believe me, you'll get used to it. What I love about working with and for Mr. Ashwood is that it's never the same damn thing. You think with the letter writing and setting up meetings it would get boring. I've found it challenging, and how can I hate a job where it found my husband?" Stacey said taking a bite of a carrot stick.

"Your husband works here?"

"No. He's CEO of another firm. I met him on one of the many scheduled trips you'll have to take. Mr. Ashwood flies all around the world to keep up with the growing expanse of business. Have you noticed he doesn't settle on one style of business? He's all about finding the potential in the small and bringing them up to be brilliant."

Violet thought about what the other woman said.

"I forgot to offer you congratulations. You're expecting soon, right?" she asked. Violet smiled and took a bite of her sandwich. It wasn't lost on her she was the only woman in the office building who ate the carbohydrate-heavy bread.

Stacey tapped her stomach and smiled. "I'm due in about six months, but we've decided I should go on maternity. Avoid any issue with stress. I have to say I was surprised he picked you as my replacement."

Violet knew what she meant. "I tried to talk him out of it. I don't think I'm ready."

"You will be. I'll see to it."

Smiling at Stacey, she finished off her sandwich. If Stacey felt that way then what about the other women? Did they think something awful about her?

"So what's your story? You've not said much around here, and I know everyone has been curious to know about the pretty mail and coffee girl," Stacey asked.

Violet froze. Talking about herself was a big mistake. "There's nothing to tell."

"Really? Surely, you've got something to say. A past, an ex-lover, perhaps."

"No. I don't have anything."

"Come on..."

Violet gasped as a hand grabbed her arm. "I'm sure Miss Moore wants to keep her personal life private. I would expect more from you, Stacey," Cadeon said as he pulled her up out of her seat.

"Yes, sir. Sorry."

"I need to speak with Miss Moore alone. Enjoy your lunch break."

Everyone was staring at them. She saw the curious glances, and her cheeks burned with humiliation. What more could he possibly want? The glances would turn into whispers and then turn into rumours. She gulped down the tears she felt coming to the surface. The attention he was gaining her was unwanted.

He walked up the stairs and through the rows of desks as people moved out of their way and watched the boss escort her to his office. Cadeon opened the office door and let her enter before going in after her.

She stood just inside, and she turned to him. He lay against the wooden door. Probably a good job he'd opened the stubborn thing. The door never wanted to open for her.

"What are you doing?" she asked. He didn't answer. Instead, he stalked toward her, his hand running through her hair until he cupped the back of her neck. The movement tilted her head up to look at him. She gasped as he took full advantage of her lips. There was nothing gentle about his touch. His lips were firm as he licked, sucked and kissed her. Violet had no choice but to hold on or be swamped by him. The hand not in her hair holding her firm moved down to her hip and round to cup a cheek of her ass.

She cried out as his fingers dug in.

"That's it, baby. Give me everything," he said. This Cadeon wasn't someone she recognised. He was someone primal. He removed his hand from her hair and cupped her ass with both. Cadeon lifted her up and pressed her against the nearest wall.

Violet cried out as her back slammed against the wall. Not from pain but from the consuming heat he was giving her. She'd never seen any man be so out of control with lust. This is what it had to be. Lust. One of the seven deadly sins. Something so brutal, yet elemental, that it threatened to burn them alive.

His lips moved down her neck to the opening of her blouse. She watched his dark hard travel down her pale skin. A moan broke out of her.

"Are you wet for me?" he asked.

She didn't know what he meant. Her mother might have been a whore, but whenever that aspect had been happening she'd been hidden away from it all.

"God, I want you so badly. I ache for you."

He let her down on her feet. As he went to move away Violet couldn't control her legs. It was like they'd turned to jelly.

"I've got you."

She leaned on him. The effect he had on her was shaking all of her ideas. Cadeon had been in her life for a year at work but only twenty-four hours of her reality. He'd given her far more attention than anyone else. Even her mother had been cautious around her. Tears sprang to her eyes, and she cursed them and her existence. She hated feeling things she didn't know or understand. How could she be so deeply affected by a man and not know what it meant?

"Hey, why are you crying?" he asked. His finger went under her chin and tilted her face up to look at him.

She shook her head and stared at the floor. The humiliation of everything she'd felt in ten minutes was consuming her. She needed to get her thoughts together before they threatened to explode.

His arms moved round her, and Violet went into them willingly. She needed the comfort he offered. Her tears spilled silently as always. The threat of being found kept her quiet.

"I-I can't talk about it," she said. The sound muffled by his jacket. He stroked her hair as she wept. The agony of being alone hurt her. There was no one she could talk to or turn to. She was alone.

A knock on the door interrupted her tears. Cadeon refused to let her go.

"Who is it?" he called.

"I'm back from lunch, Mr Ashwood. Do you want me to continue training Violet?" Stacey said.

Violet glanced up at him. His eyes pierced her with a look causing her to shiver. Such need reflected back at her.

"I'm sending her home. She's taken sick. She'll finish her training off next week."

"I can still work," she told him, but he pressed a finger over her lips, silencing her.

"All right."

She heard Stacey leave.

"You're in no fit state to work. You'll stay in my office until I'm ready to escort you back home." He walked her to the two-seater chair along a plain wall.

"I'm going back home?" Happiness and a niggling tinge of sadness enveloped her.

"No. My home is your home."

He picked up the phone before she could question him. The phone call sounded important, and she sat down. Her whole body relaxed into the comforter. His voice sent a wave of peace through her body.

Her eyes drooped as tiredness swamped her. A yawn. Before long her head fell back as she collapsed into slumber.

****

Cadeon finished his call keeping an eye on Violet. He watched as sleep claimed her. As soon as he finished with his business with another tycoon he walked over and laid her out on the two-seater. In sleep she looked peaceful and so young. Running his fingers through his hair he went and stared out over the city. He had so many offices spread around several companies. England, New York, Italy, Spain to name but a few. The Ashwoods had become very wealthy several generations ago. It had started with a vision of making a bunch of small individual businesses and making them expand and grow. Over the years the collection of industry Ashwood Enterprise owned was extraordinary. He lived a good life, a life of wealth where he clicked his fingers and he could have whatever he wanted. Before Violet had walked into his life, he did have what he wanted. Models, actresses and young heiresses were queuing to become the next wife and inherit some of his fortune.

He shook his head at how quickly his life had changed when a young brown-haired woman had entered his office building. Moving to his desk, he sat down and started reading through some business proposals and signing his name off on some contracts that needed to be placed in a file.

He thought about the club, Possession. Every person who went was like him. A man trying to control his instincts. He saw some of the married men, saw the look of love and passion on their faces as they escorted their wives around. Married men with mistresses weren't allowed. Neither were men with many women. It was an exclusive club meant only for one man and his one woman.

Glancing over at Violet he knew he needed to visit soon. Having the woman he wanted with desperation within touching distance was sending him insane. He'd noticed the kisses he was giving her and the way he touched her as he passed. Already he was leaning toward her as a constant in his life. Closing his eyes he went back to work.

When he got her home and settled for the night he'd visit. For the rest of the afternoon, he signed checks and made phone calls. His voice kept quiet so he wouldn't disturb her sleep. At some point towards the end of the day she began to become fitful. A whimper escaped her, a sound of pain and fear. Getting up from his seat he walked over.

"Don't leave me, Mummy," she cried.

Frowning, Cadeon placed a hand on her shoulder. She cried out in fright and jerked awake. Her hands wrapped around her knees, and she stared at him panting for breath.

"What do you want?" she asked.

"It's me, Cadeon. You were having a nightmare."

Both of her hands went through her hair, and she kept glancing round the room.

"No one is here. It's just you and me, baby." He put his hands on her arms. Instantly, he felt her tense up. Without waiting for a response he picked her up and seated her on his lap. She began to squirm away, but he held her steady. "I've got you. No one is going to hurt you."

"Thank you," she whispered, obviously grateful for his support and his strength.

"Are you ready to walk out of here? I'll take you home." Violet nodded, and Cadeon grabbed his phone and keys. Taking her hand he pulled the door open and made his way down to where his limo was waiting. He felt the stares, but he refused to let go of her hand. Holding her was his only pleasure.

His driver was waiting, and Cadeon opened the door, letting her get in first. Like the time before she settled in the limo as far from him as possible. Her head rested against the tinted glass. She looked pale and sick. He flipped open his phone and sent a quick text to Tate for an update.

"You shouldn't have let me sleep so long," she said. Cadeon stared across at her. She looked so small and fragile.

"You needed the sleep, and I finished my work." His phone buzzed. Tate wasn't any closer to finding out any information about his woman.

"When will you take me home?" she asked.

"My home is your home." He reached across the space and cupped her knee. The skirt she wore had ridden up. Her legs looked incredibly pale in the light from the street lamps shining in the car.

"It's dark out, and I could have worked more. I don't want people to think I'm slacking off or something."

"I'm the boss. My employees are told to think what I want them to think. If I catch anyone bad mouthing your situation, they'll be sorry."

"You can't get rid of someone for not liking me."

"Baby, I'm the owner of the company. I can do what the f**k I like." She went silent, and he put his phone away. Tate needed more time. What was it about Violet Moore that made him nervous? She didn't scream or shout. In fact, she seemed scared of every little thing.

His house came into view, and she tensed.

"I'll work tomorrow," she said.

"Tomorrow is Friday, and you'll sit in my office while I work. You're not working, and that's the last I'm going to say on it."

The limo pulled up outside, and Anne stood waiting for them. Cadeon got out first and reached in, offering his hand. Violet stared at his hand, not taking it. She looked at her door as if she could make a quick escape.

Why couldn't he let her go? She deserved to be courted and have him kiss her on the doorstep. The truth hit him. He was too damned impatient to wait that long. He wanted her, and in his world, he didn't have to wait to get what he wanted. Spending time with her would make her grow accustomed to his closeness. His touch. His possession.

She took his hand, and he breathed a sigh of relief. Maybe she was beginning to trust him.

He smiled as he helped her out of the car. She looked beautiful. Anne took their coats as they walked inside.

"I've prepared some food. It's ready in the dining room," Anne said.

"I'm not hungry," Violet said.

Cadeon ignored her, took her hand and led her through to the dining room. Two places were set. Steak with boiled potatoes and vegetables awaited them. He helped her into her seat even as she protested. He took the seat next to her.

"You've got to eat something, and you're not leaving this room until you do."

"You can't order me around like a child."

"Then stop acting like one. Your health is my top priority."

"Why?" She hadn't picked up her knife and fork.

"Because I look after what is mine. Do you want me to feed you?"

She shook her head. When she began to eat the food in front of her, Cadeon picked up his own fork and began to eat the delicious food. The steak was cooked to perfection, pink in the centre, not bloody. The potatoes were soft and not mush. Anne truly was an amazing cook.

Violet took a few bites but put her fork down, going instead for the water. She placed a hand on her head and winced.

"What's the matter?" he asked.

"Nothing. My head hurts. Nothing serious." She sipped her water, and Cadeon left it. Her body showed she didn't starve herself. He wouldn't force the issue, but if she continued to pick at her food and showed signs of any weight loss, he'd have no choice but to force her to eat.

After dinner finished, he walked Violet up to shower and change.

"I need to go out tonight," he said in the doorway to the bathroom. "Don't get any ideas of sneaking out. Relax and rest, and I'll see you soon."

She went to close the door. He stopped her with his foot in the way.

"I won't leave. I promise."

He moved right next to her, then placed a finger under her chin and tilted her head back to look at him.

"I'll protect you, but you've got to trust me," he said. Her eyes widened seconds before he dropped his head. He kissed her lips. A small brush of skin against skin. Her moan made him lose control. One hand banded around her waist as the other sank into her hair, holding her firm against him as he deepened the kiss. His tongue sought entry between her lips. Her hands wrapped around him, slightly at first, changing into more of a demand as he consumed her lips.

Her heavy tits pressed against his chest. Cadeon wanted to rip the clothes from her body and f**k her hard and fast. Her scent was becoming like a drug to him. From one little taste, he wanted more. He wanted to possess her, love her, take care of her, do everything in his power to put a smile on her face and to show her how much he wanted her.

The kiss changed, and she became frantic beneath him.

Not wanting to scare her, he pulled away, kissing the tip of her nose.

"There is nothing I'd like more than to f**k you right now. I know you're not ready, but I can wait."

"What if I'm never ready?" she said.

"You'll be ready."

"How do you know?"

"Because you're soaking wet, and no matter how hard you fight it, you want me as badly as I want you."

He kissed her nose again and left her standing there.

Chapter Six

Cadeon got in his car and drove. His c**k ached with the need to sink himself between her creamy thighs. Running a hand over his face, he turned left and continued down the road.

The club was exclusive and cut off from most towns and cities. The club looked like a distant castle but was owned by one of the wealthiest men of the city, Stephen Knox. The Knox men had passed the club down to the oldest son for generations, and only the most elite had any chance of getting in.

Stephen didn't live in the house, but it was a place of relaxation and business.

The gates were locked as they always were. He removed the card from his wallet and pressed it into the scanner, along with his individual, twelve-digit number. The gates opened. He drove down the long driveway. Trees obscured the view from the main road. The parking was full, and he knew there would be many couples inside. He reserved one parking space next to Stephen. As an exclusive member he got the perks that came with the cost. Buttoning up his suit jacket, he checked his phone before making his way inside. The butler waited inside. He was one of the few people with enough credentials that allowed them to work here.

"Good evening, Mr. Ashwood. May I take your coat?" he asked.

"No, thank you."

"Mr. Knox is in the bar room."

Cadeon nodded his head. Moving out of the main hall, he noticed many of the couples and greeted a few of them when he moved to the back of the house where the bar stood. The room was filled with smoke, and the gentle sound of music echoed off the walls. A woman stood on stage singing. Stephen sat alone in a booth near the stage.

"It's not like you to be drinking alone," Cadeon said as he signalled the barman. He took the seat opposite his friend.

"I've got a lot on my mind. Besides, these men pay for the privilege, but I don't think they get the meaning of the club," Stephen said as he knocked back his scotch.

"What makes you think that?"

"Do any of the men here strike you as possessive? I remember my father telling me the reasons why this place was set up. These men don't care about finding that one woman that sets your pulse racing and the fire in your blood. They just want to pay for the opportunity to think they have what it takes to be a real man." Stephen held up his glass. A woman came by and refilled his glass. She handed Cadeon another with a smile.

"If you're so bothered about it, why do you let them join?" Cadeon thanked the woman before turning back to his friend.

"Because they appear to like it."

"Have you ever thought that they have the need inside them, just not the woman?"

"Let us talk about other things, Cadeon. What brings you back here? It has been a while."

"I've found the right woman," Cadeon said.

"Ah. Finally, lucky in love. Where is she?" Stephen asked.

"I left her at home. She doesn't know how I feel, and she's a lot younger than I."

The song changed, and the woman began singing a deeper love song. Cadeon thought of Violet, the innocent with a dark past surrounding her.

"Dare I ask how much younger than you she is?"

"She's twenty-one." He didn't care about the age gap. With the way he felt about her there was no way he could even consider allowing the gap between their ages affect him.

"That is young."

After the music became a little dull, they moved out of the room into the vision room. Stephen liked to cater to as many tastes as possible. Some men got off on seeing others watch their women as pleasure took over. In the middle, a man whom Cadeon didn't know was satisfying a woman for others to see. Some men in the room had their cocks out and were fisting their large shafts, while other merely watched.

Stephen went through phases where he didn't truly believe men could feel possessive of a woman. Not being with a woman himself, the owner sometimes had a hard time relating to the men who did. Cadeon understood it. He'd known for a long time that he was different from other men. The need inside him when he thought about the one always brought a physical ache. When his father discussed it with him, he hadn't thought it was possible. Until Violet came to work in his office building he'd never felt such need before. Yes, he'd had many women and to certain extents, many relationships, but none had ever made him feel like this. When another man talked to Violet, the violence within him struck hard. No man besides him should be allowed to touch or talk to her.

The woman's cries of release blanketed the room. Some men growled as their release came, and others murmured appreciation.

"I understand your thoughts, but you must understand. Most of these men have wives and girlfriends and know how it feels to be possessive. Your father felt it with your mother."

"Do you feel it with your girl?" asked Stephen.

"Yes."

"I'm sorry. It has been a long day." They watched the couple as the husband penetrated the wife. The cries rang out. Cadeon thought of Violet, alone in his bed. Another night of having her in his arms.

Sean, a nasty son of a bitch, dropped into the seat beside them, followed soon after by Tate and Kevin.

"What are you doing here?" Cadeon asked Tate.

"Taking a break and waiting for my computer to scan some documents. What are you doing here when you've got a beautiful woman waiting at home for you?"

"Have we missed something?" Sean asked. He slapped the ass of a passing female waiter before turning back to the group.

"Cadeon has a woman whom he wants me to do a background check on. Only it's coming up with a few complications," Tate said.

"Complications?" Sean asked.

"According to my sources, his woman didn't really exist until three years ago."

"A fake identity?"

"I don't know. I don't want to start raising the alert in case she's in trouble. I imagine her description is just a pain in the ass, and my equipment is working slow. I'm just running a few things through security," Tate said.

Cadeon stared at Sean. "I can run a few checks myself. Give me a name and age, and I can do most things."

Cadeon gave her name and age as he stared out into the room.

"Is she the one?" Sean asked.

Cadeon nodded his head. He didn't trust himself to speak. Even with his friends taking an interest, his instincts to keep her safe and away from the group rose to the surface.

"When do I get Rebecca?" Tate asked.

"When I get what I want." Cadeon finished his drink before he left. Spending time at the club, usually relaxed him. However, thinking about Violet at his home alone did little to soothe him. He paid his bill and left. Sean promised to get back to him in a few days. Cadeon drove home feeling tenser than usual. Watching the couples in the vision room used to help relax him. He loved sinking inside the hot depths of a woman, but the only woman he saw was Violet. Turning down the road, he parked the car and made his way inside. The light in his study was on. Taking his coat off, he dropped his wallet and keys in the drawer before going to his study.

Violet was curled up in his chair, the light from the lamp shining on her as she read a book. He didn't see the title. Her arm rested on the side of the chair, and her head lay on her hand. It looked like she'd dozed off. He walked into the room. Crouching down in front of her, he took the book away from her. He held her hand in his. Brushing his thumb along her knuckles he turned her hand over. She breathed in, and he watched as she opened her eyes. Violet stared at him for a second, her hand lax in his.

"When did you get back?" she asked, her voice sleepy.

"A few minutes ago."

"I'm pleased you got back safely."

Cadeon smiled at her honesty. "I'm pleased to see you waiting for me."

"I didn't want to go to bed."

"Why?"

"It didn't feel right. I don't live here." Violet smiled at him.

"This is your home now," he said.

"I can't stay here, Cadeon. I have to go back home."

"I won't let you go," he told her.

Her hand tensed in his. She pulled away. Cadeon held on a little longer than he should. He saw the fear in her eyes.

"I'll take you up to bed."

****

Violet went to refuse, but he was already lifting her up in his arms. She didn't know where her voice went when he came close.

"Hold onto me."

She wrapped her arms around his neck, staring straight so she couldn't look at him. His strong arms held her up, and, God help her, she never wanted him to let go. His presence sent her heart racing, but he also made her feel safe. He was the only man she'd ever encountered who allowed her to feel like that. Even when he was bossy and demanding stuff from her. She felt safe because she knew he wasn't going to hurt her. They walked upstairs, and she couldn't hold back any longer. She stared into his eyes. Time stood still for her as she gazed at him. He stared back at her as if she was the only person left in the world. As if she mattered to him.

"I'm too heavy," she whispered, not wanting to break the spell.

"You're perfect."

He kicked open the bedroom door, placed her on her feet and removed the robe covering her. She stood in the peach silk nightgown she'd worn the night before. Taking her hand, he led her over to the bed. Pulling back the covers, he helped her in.

"I'll be back in a minute."

"Shouldn't I have my own bed?" she asked as he was about to enter the bathroom.

"Why?"

"Wouldn't your girlfriend mind? People don't share a bed unless they're...." She felt the blush spread up through her body. "You know. If they're doing ... stuff."

"Are you offering yourself up to me?" he asked.

She shook her head. He let out a sigh, pulling his shirt up over his head. She stared at his na**d chest. His muscles were clearly defined. Biting her lip she stared down the bed as he walked over.

"You stay with me. I won't argue with you, Violet. I want you in my bed and so much more."

"What do you want?" she asked.

"I'm not going to lie to you, Violet. Only ask questions that you want to know the answers to." He took her hand and laid it across his chest. The heat radiated off his chest, down her hand and warmed her heart. He looked so solid and safe. "I can wait. Ask me the question when you're ready for me." Cadeon kissed her on the lips before disappearing into the bathroom.

She lay in the bed, her fingers brushing along her lips where he'd touched. Her hand felt warm where she had laid it on his chest. She heard the shower switch on followed by his humming. He'd left the door open. Could she go and take a peek? She shook her head. People deserved privacy. Rolling over with her back to the door, she closed her eyes and tried to sleep. Minutes passed, and then the shower cut out. Violet heard him moving around. The bed dipped, and she opened her eyes. Cadeon lay in front of her, his chest naked.

Violet made to move away, but he caught her to him. "I'm not going to hurt you. Settle down and relax." She rested her head on his chest. Her hand was lying flat out in front of her.

"Do you do this with every girl you bring home from work?" she found herself asking.

"No. You're different."

Violet smiled despite feeling worried. No one had ever spent time with her.

"Can I ask you something?" he asked.

"Yes."

"Where are you from?"

The smile vanished. In order to stay safe she had to remain quiet and alone. Extracting her hands from him she pulled away. She rolled over and faced away from him. The warnings from her mother rang in her head.

He curled round her, his leg going between hers and pressing against her mound. She bit her lip to stifle a moan. Then she became aware of his na**d state. Violet jumped out of the bed with a yelp. The covers were still over his body.

"You're naked." She glared at him as her body was on fire.

"Nothing is going to happen. Get into bed, Violet." She heard the command in his voice, and she hated it. She hated the way her body wanted to submit to what he said.

"No. I want you to put some clothes on, or I'm sleeping somewhere else."

"I'm not putting any clothes on. Trust me, Violet."

She shook her head and walked to the door. As she pulled it open a hand went by her head and slammed it closed. "You're not going anywhere but back in my bed."

Cadeon pressed against her back, pinning her in between his hard body and the door. He pressed against her neck, and she heard him inhale. Was he sniffing her?

"Please. Put some clothes on."

"Turn around," he said instead of listening to her.

"I don't want to."

He grabbed her arm and turned her before pressing her back against the hard door. Cadeon stared at her. She shut her eyes to try and blank him out. When she looked at him it was harder to ignore the demand of her body.

"Open your eyes." She kept them closed. His hand touched her cheek, his fingers running over her face. "Please," he whispered.

Moaning in frustration, Violet opened her eyes. Cadeon didn't say a word. He grabbed her hand and brought it down between them. Using her hand, he guided her down to his cock.

She tried to pull her hand away, but he held her firm.

"It's nothing to be afraid of. Like your body, this is mine. You've never seen a na**d man before, have you?" he said.

Tears shone in her eyes. She felt cornered. There was no escape not even from her curiosity. While she wanted to pull her hand away and scream at him for being rude, another part of her wanted to explore what she held in her hand.

She shook her head, taking a deep breath.

"Look now," he said. Cadeon stepped away, giving her a full frontal view of his body. She pulled her hand away and stared.

He was large for a man. Not that she had anything to compare it to. His muscles caught her attention first. With the thick expanse of his arms, he didn't look the conventional type of business man.

"I work out," he said. "I've got a gym and lift weights. I'll let you watch some time."

His chest and stomach were both broad. Then her eyes stopped on his shaft. He stood long and thick.

"Take your night dress off," he said.

"What?" She stopped looking at his body and stared at his face in shock. Her hands folded across her chest as he stepped back close to her.

"Your hungry little eyes are staring at me. I think it's only fair I get a chance to look at you as well."

His hands reached out to her, and she batted them away.

"I don't want you to look at me."

"I want to look at what's mine," he said.

A shiver went up her spine at his words. "But you're not mine."

Cadeon grabbed her hand and pressed it against his c**k again. "Feel that. That's yours. I'm yours, Violet."

She stared into his eyes and saw the determination in his eyes. Her pulse fluttered in her throat. His hands began pulling her gown up. When he reached her stomach, she stopped him, covering his hands with her own.

"I'm not ready for this," she said, not sure if she even meant the words she'd spoken.

"Trust me, Violet. I've never hurt you before."

Biting her lip she stared at him. She fought between the desire to give herself to him and the warnings her mother had given her about men. That men only ever wanted one thing. What would happen to her when Cadeon finally tired of her?

The fight left her. She lifted her arms over her head and closed her eyes as the gown went up and left her body.

His finger touched her hands above her head, the fingers locking. Her br**sts were pressed against a hard masculine chest. "Open your eyes, baby." His voice reeled her in. Violet opened her eyes. He stood so close staring down at her.

Her hands were locked above her head, and his fingers interlocked with her own. "Do you feel that?" he asked.

Did he mean the pull? The way she felt drawn to him like a moth to a flame?

"You want to be with me, Violet. I can feel it. You're afraid, and I understand it. You've never been with a man, and you're scared of what that might mean."

How did he know all of these things?

"I want to get to know you. I want to see you smile and be the cause of your smile. To hear you laugh and to know it's real."

"How can you want all this when you don't even know me?" she asked.

"Because I know. I feel it, and I don't question that."

Before she could argue with him anymore, he slammed his lips down on hers. Stunned, Violet didn't respond straight away. Cadeon had a tendency to take her by surprise in everything he did. He pressed against her. She felt the hard length of his c**k as it pushed against her stomach. His fingers tightened their hold on her.

"Kiss me back, baby," he whispered against her lips. She stared at his eyes. A breath away from her. She was struck through. The intense way he looked at her caused her to pause. There was nothing friendly or sweet, just a look of absolute desire and lust. No one had stared at her in such a way. "Please, let me in."

She relented, needing the kiss and closeness as much as he did. At twenty-one years old she had no clue to what lust or desire was. Opening her lips, she pressed against him, giving herself to the rapture of his touch.

"That's it. Give me everything," he said.

His hands moved to her wrists. Capturing them and trapping her against the door, his hands became like a pair of cuffs keeping her in place while his leg pressed between her thighs. He rubbed his leg up against her mound. She whimpered and moaned, crying out as he nipped and kissed her senseless.

No way could something this pleasurable be wrong.

"Open up. Let me taste you, baby." His tongue swiped inside, meeting hers. Creating a dance together. Their moans mingled in the air.

The hands on her wrists moved down her arms to her shoulders. One hand stayed on her face while the other travelled down, brushing across her breast. She cried out as pleasure shot straight to her core. He grabbed her thigh and brought it up over his hip, opening her to him. Cadeon pulled back to look at her with her hands above her head.

He continued to stare at her as his hand moved between them. His fingers touching her pu**y.

"I'm going to touch you and make you feel good."

"I don't know what to do," she said.

"Trust me."

Chapter Seven

Cadeon saw the conflict in her eyes. Trusting someone didn't come easily to her. She fought everything inside her until he felt her relax against him. The fight she'd undergone made him aware of what he was doing. He had her pinned against the door. She deserved something better. Time to have her body worshipped. Not a quick f**k against a bedroom door. In time it could be worth it, but not tonight.

He wanted her to trust him. To give him everything she had. Lifting her up in his arms, he swung her around, delighting in the giggle she released. The first true sound of laughter he'd heard from her.

Taking her to the bed, he pulled back to look down at her. She truly was a beautiful woman with full thick h*ps and gloriously large tits. Any man would be putty in her hand. Over the years he'd had his share of women. None of them compared to her. She held innocence and sensuality within her grasp, and she didn't even know how to use them. He wanted to share everything with her. To give her a chance to be happy.

"Do you think I'm fat?" she asked.

"No. Never."

"You keep staring."

"Because you take my breath away." He cupped her breast in his hand. The mound was so large it spilled out of his hand.

"I don't think we should be doing this," she said again.

Cadeon knew he should give her time to adjust to his presence, but he couldn't do it. Giving her the time to see his faults could mean he would lose her. Some women would hate his domination. He hoped to make it part of their life, to show her how good it could be between them.

He tweaked her nipple, running his finger over the tip. He watched her reaction to his touch. She bit her lip to stop herself from crying out. He wanted her to scream her pleasure. He wanted to hear and feel the evidence of her release.

Leaning down, he kissed her lips. Tasting her and loving her mouth. She lay so calm under him. He pushed down the desire to wrap the silk cuffs he had at the top of his headboard. Violet needed slow, long loving before he could introduce her to his other side. He ran his hand down her stomach, relishing the quiver as he pressed against her stomach. He ran it down further until his palm rested on her pu**y. Her pubic hair was wet from her arousal. Using his middle finger he slipped between her silken wet folds, pressing the tiny nub at the top. She jerked in his arms, and he knew she'd never touched herself. The woman beneath him was a virgin in every way.

"What are you doing?"

"Do you like it?" he asked.

She nodded her head with a frown. "It feels really good."

Her legs opened wider, and he smiled. Cadeon focused all of his attention on her clit. He wanted to draw out her pleasure even as his c**k was crying out for some of his own. Being naked, skin to skin with her was too much for him to contain. He used both fingers and pleasured her, sucking her ni**les into his mouth. Her h*ps moved in sync with his fingers, riding his hand. It was a natural call to the woman within her.

He stared into her eyes as one of her hands touched his shoulder. She lifted up to look between her legs.

"Let it come, baby."

Her gazed turned to him. He increased the pace of his fingers. Violet shook and screamed as her cl**ax went through her. Cadeon brought her over the edge and kept her in the bliss for moments. He absorbed every sound and look coming from her. He relished the knowledge he'd been the one to bring her to her first orgasm. When she came down, he reached over to the draw by the bed. He pulled out a long tube.

"What are you doing?" she asked breathlessly.

"It's my turn, only I want us both to feel good." He flicked open the tube of lubrication and smeared a generous amount on his dick before putting some more on his fingers. He threw the tube on the other side away from them. Bringing the blob on his fingers between her legs, he rubbed it over and between her slit, making sure she was nice and wet. Cadeon opened her legs and got between her.

Violet stopped him with a hand on his arm. "What are you doing?"

"Don't worry. I'm not going to f**k you, but I need to come." Taking a thigh in each hand, he opened her legs wide. For a second he stopped to admire the beauty of her pu**y. The lips were wet with the mixture of the lube and cum, her cl*t red and swollen. She looked good enough to eat. He draped her legs over his thighs and grasped his cock. Cadeon moved the tip through her slit, not pressing against her entrance. He wasn't lying when he said he wasn't going to f**k her. This was about them getting used to each other. Although if she begged him to f**k her, he would do it. He wanted her that badly.

He settled himself between her legs, his c**k resting against her cl*t and between the lips of her pu**y.

Taking her hands in his, he pinned them against the pillow by her head. "Look at me," he said.

She opened her eyes and stared back at him. For the rest of his life he wanted to watch her. With a move of his h*ps he saw her eyes widen in wonder. Each movement provided him pleasure and pressed on her clit, giving her pleasure as well. He did it slowly at first, bringing out the sensation to make it more enjoyable for her. With her already having one release, he wanted to draw the second one out.

Sweat covered both of their skin as she began to move with him, her h*ps lifting with him. Part of him wanted to lift that last little bit and penetrate her, but he stopped. If he took her now, he would abuse the trust she had in him.

"Cadeon," she said on a moan. He knew what she was thinking. His c**k was rock hard, and he knew he was seconds from coming. Taking her lips in a searing kiss, he rode her harder. The sensation was enjoyable. However it wouldn't be as good as the feel of her cunt squeezing him like a fist. Closing his eyes, he inhaled her scent. He bit down on her shoulder, feeling the need to mark her as his. He sucked and did something he'd never done to another woman. He gave Violet his first ever love bite.

She cried out at the same time as he did. Their release echoed off the walls. Cadeon went back on his feet, grabbed his c**k and f**ked his fist until his white ropey cum spilled out of the tip and onto her stomach. He collapsed on top of her, getting his cum on himself in the process. It didn't matter. He wanted the closeness of her in his arms.

****

Was she still a virgin? Violet stared down at the head lying on her breast as the world began to stop spinning. She didn't think they'd had sex, but he'd been against her body and spilled his seed. Living the kind of life she had, she knew scarcely anything about sex. Just the stuff her mother had told her, and she had tried to keep it all a secret, the lifestyle she had to live in order to survive.

"I must be heavy," he said. She winced as blood began to move back round her body.

"You're a little heavy."

"I've made us both a mess. Here, let me get us both in the shower." Before she could protest, he picked her up and carried her into the bathroom. He turned on the shower, making sure it was hot before helping her into the tub.

She enjoyed his caring side much more than his bossy side. Cadeon took the soap and washed her. Violet stood still as he finished with her body before moving onto her hair. She closed her eyes enjoying the feel of his fingers massaging her scalp.

"That feels nice," she said.

"Good."

Once he was done, he turned the shower off and helped her out. Cadeon dried her body and hair before carrying her back to the bedroom. He brushed her hair, refusing to let her do anything. Tucking her in bed, he joined behind her.

The light turned off as he snaked an arm around her waist.

Violet wondered if most relationships were like this. Had Stacey undergone this kind of treatment when she first started out being his personal assistant? She cut off the thought, not liking the thought of another woman being with Cadeon.

Closing her eyes, she drifted off into sleep.

****

"Mummy, why can't I come out of my room when you have visitors?" Violet asked while she brushed her mother's hair.

"I've told you, pet. It's not safe for you. Those men-visitors would hurt you in a second. I don't want that for you," she said.

Violet stared at her mother in the small mirror. She looked pale, and a purple bruise was visible along the side of her face. Staring at the marks on her mother's skin, Violet wished she could do something to make her happy.

"I could help you, Mummy. Be nice to the visitors while they're here."

Suddenly, her mother flew into a rage. She took the brush from her and slapped her round the face with the flat part. Violet crashed to the floor as pain exploded on the side of her head.

"Don't ever suggest anything like that again. If you think that hurts, wait until a man won't take no for an answer. I don't want this world for you. I was stupid to become a part of it and even stupider trying to keep you safe from it. Do you have any idea what Dominic would do to you if he found you?"

Violet had heard him spoken of many times. The name sent dread through her body. At ten years old Violet was already learning when to keep her mouth shut.

****

The dream changed.

Violet had stopped by to speak to the priest on the way to the shop. He was the only man who really knew about her identity. At eighteen, Violet knew she was getting ready to leave home. It was getting scarier trying to hide from the men who came to her mother. The schooling she'd taken would get her by. Checking to make sure no one was watching, she let herself into her home. For as long as she could remember she'd always been watching. To make sure no one would see her. A dirty secret, she had to be kept locked up.

"Mummy, I'm home." She picked up the mail. Junk as usual. The house belonged to Dominic, and no one of any importance came to visit, only the men her mother entertained. The life she'd led up to this point had been meaningless. Violet began to wonder why her mother even kept her around for as long as she did.

Hating herself for the direction of her thoughts, she walked up the creaking stairs. The time was just after three, and her mum would need to start getting ready. It was Friday, and Dominic or one of his men would be coming for the week's earnings so far.

"Mummy?" she called. Walking up the stairs, she stopped outside her mother's bedroom. No one lay in the bed. Frowning, she found one of the more glamorous dresses cut up.

"Mummy?" she called again as a feeling of dread washed over her. The door to the bathroom was shut. Violet had left it open when she left.

"Mummy?" she said again, this time in a whisper.

She pushed open the door and let it open slowly. Biting her lip she stared at the arm resting on the bath.

Like all the other times, she ran screaming for her not to die. Lifting the lifeless form of her mum out of the bath. The red water splashing all over her as sobs escaped her.

"Violet...."

She screamed as the voice shook her.

"Violet...."

"No, she's dead. She's dead...."

****

She was pulled out of the dream as Cadeon shook her awake.

"What?" she asked, opening her eyes and staring round the room. The reality of her situation came to her. She wasn't back at the house, holding her mother.

She'd gotten out. She was free.

"You're shivering," he said. His arms went 'round her, pulling the covers back over her. She closed her eyes as his warmth surrounded her.

"You were screaming for your mom," he said.

Tensing, she waited for more questions.

"You don't have to talk about it until you're ready."

Violet stared out into the darkness of the room. She could never talk about it. Her shame and curse was living a life that was a lie. The girl in the dream, that was who she really was. This person in a bed was a coward and a runaway, too scared to tell anyone about the life she'd led for fear of being taken away.

Closing her eyes, she let the fear drain away. As it drained away, so, too, did her energy.

The warmth he gave her would be enough. She knew with time she'd have to leave. Her mother had made sure she understood that staying in one place would get you killed.

Chapter Eight

Waking up early the next morning, Cadeon left Violet to sleep a little longer. After the nightmare of the previous night she hadn't slept well for the remainder. Anne wouldn't be around until about seven-thirty, and he had some calls to make. He went to the kitchen to start the morning coffee then went to his office and fired up the computer. Going back, he set himself up a cup with milk and sugar. He went back to his office and dialled Tate's number.

Cadeon didn't care how early it was. He wanted some answers.

"Hello," came the muffled reply.

"We've got a deal," he said.

"For f**k's sake, Cadeon. I'm working on it. Shit like this doesn't just grow on trees. I've got to work at it." He heard Tate moving around as he woke up. Cadeon wrote down the name Dominic. Violet had screamed his name the night before. Her mother was dead, and she spoke strangely when she talked in her sleep.

"Well, I've got some things that might help. I know it's a long shot, but they're stuff she's called out in her sleep."

"You're already sleeping with her?"

"Shut it, Tate. Do you want the names to help or what?"

"Sure. Send them to me, and I'll email them through to Sean."

Cadeon gave him the names and the few details he remembered from her screams and also how her accent had changed while she'd been screaming. "Would that help any?"

"I don't know. These could be people that would bring up more information, but I'm hunting in the dark at the moment. Anything you give me can help."

They talked for a few more minutes before ringing off. Cadeon opened his emails and checked them through before going to the file he kept on Violet. He pressed the icon and brought up her personal work file.

He took the key from his desk and opened the drawer, taking out the paper version he'd gotten her to sign not long ago.

Something wasn't adding up about the woman upstairs.

His gut was telling him she was in danger, but for the life of him he couldn't imagine why. Getting frustrated, he closed the computer and placed the file back in its compartment, feeling more frazzled than before.

By the time he walked out of his office, Violet sat at the kitchen counter, watching Anne make breakfast. She didn't talk. She simply watched the older woman walk about the kitchen.

"You keep staring at me, child, and I'm going to start dropping plates," Anne said.

Cadeon watched her, aware Anne had spotted him and knew not to give him away. For as much as Violet opened up when they were alone, after what happened the night before, he figured she would try to distance herself as much as possible.

"I'm sorry. I've never seen anyone so happy in a kitchen before. It's nice to watch," she said.

"Hasn't your mother ever been happy in the kitchen?" Anne asked.

"She never went in one unless she had to. Her job was to do other things." Violet went quiet, and Anne raised an eyebrow at him.

There was darkness in this girl's past. A lot of it.

"Good morning, Violet," he said as she took the seat next to her.

She nodded her head, and he noted the lovely shade of red she turned. Anne busied herself in the kitchen. Cadeon moved closer to her, his leg brushing along hers. She gasped and turned to stare at him.

"I wanted to thank you for last night," he said as quietly as possible.

"You're welcome."

Anne placed a bowl in front of Violet and a cup of coffee in front of him.

She left them to go and clean another room. He watched her leave.

"Can I ask you something?" Violet asked.

"Of course."

He rested his hand on her knee and watched as she jumped from the contact.

"Am I still a virgin?" she whispered, her face bright red. Her chest looked flushed.

"Violet, we didn't have sex last night," he said.

"Oh." She pulled away from him.

Anne walked back in the room, and any chance he had at talking about her question left him. Once breakfast was done, he took Violet to the waiting limo. During the working week, he didn't like driving into the city to work. Too much stress first thing in the morning. He sat staring at Violet as she looked out the tinted window. A frown marred her face.

"What are you thinking about?" he asked.

She turned to him. No smile either. "Nothing."

"Come on. I read somewhere that the brain is incapable of not thinking something. There has to be something on your mind."

"I'm wondering when the bubble will burst."

"How do you mean?"

"Well, this can't be real. I'm no princess, and this is no fairy tale. I feel I'm going to wake up one morning, be back in my small house with nothing to offer the world other than my time," she said.

"That's really sad for someone who is only twenty-one."

"How do you know my age?"

"You work for me, Violet. I know everything about you."

She stared at him. He detected the panic in her eyes, which was fleeting, but he noticed it.

"Shouldn't you be making advances to someone your own age?" she asked. For the first time he saw the fire inside her. The need to survive. The man in him stood up and took notice. She was young, naive, and to a point, uncultured. But she had a fight inside her. Cadeon respected her more for standing up to him.

"Do you find my advances repulsive? Or just my age?" he asked.

Violet stared at him, her gaze moving up and down his body. He laughed at how joyous he found the moment. Then stopped as he realised there hadn't been many incidents in her life for her to let go. To be a woman. To know someone would catch her when she fell. To know someone would always be there for her as a lover but also as a friend.

This was the possessive feeling his father talked about. The need to be with her no matter what. As long as he could spend time with her, hold her, he would be happy. Nothing else mattered in life other than the rare moments of bliss, two people shared together.

"I don't find you repulsive," she said.

"What about my age?"

"I don't care about your age either."

"Just my general need to control?" She smiled, the first real smile he'd ever seen her make. "You should do that more often."

"What?"

"Smile."

She blushed.

"It seems hard to smile," she said after a few moments.

"Why?"

"Because I've never had much to smile about."

Cadeon didn't question her further. He knew how hard it could be to talk about people.

"What will I be doing today?" she asked.

"You'll be camping out in my office."

"Doing what?"

"I bought you this and took the liberty of filling it with some books." He reached inside his briefcase and pulled out one of the small e-readers that were so popular.

"Why would I need this?"

"Because you weren't well yesterday and I rather like the thought of having you in my office so I can keep an eye on you."

Also, I hate the f**king bastards in the office who check out your ass. You're mine, Violet, and I don't share.

"I can pay you back," she said. Her hands shook on the small device.

"Don't worry about it. I would be offended if you even tried to pay me off. That's yours. I only ever want to see you smiling as you read it."

"Thank you."

"You're welcome. Can I ask for something in return?"

"Anything."

Cadeon had hoped she would say that. "Kiss me."

She frowned but moved to sit beside him. Her brown eyes were so expressive. The apprehension was back, but she had a ghost of a smile back on her face. The moment she went to kiss his cheek, Cadeon stopped her.

"No. I want you to kiss me on the lips."

He wanted to know what it felt like to have her reach across the short distance and place those lips on him. His blood was firing on all cylinders, creating an inferno inside.

With the e-reader in her lap, she leaned over and brushed her lips against his. Not the most sensual of kisses, but to Cadeon it was the most beautiful thing he'd had.

"Thank you for my present, Cadeon." She moved back to her seat, staring at his gift in her hand.

****

Violet hadn't lived a life where she got many presents. The most her mother could afford was the clothes on her back and enough to feed her. Most of the nights were spent with male clients while Violet camped out, hidden in her little cupboard. As soon as she was able, she'd taught herself to read and write, going to the priest to get his help. He was the only friend she had who wasn't in Dominic Green's pockets. She stared down at the gift. Her heart beat frantically inside her chest. Did this gift mean as much to Cadeon as it did to her?

She never wanted to let it go. At Christmas, her mother had given her a doll. A small plastic doll, with no clothes, but it had been one of the best years of her life. Biting her lip to contain the tears, Violet ran her hand over the flap covering the screen.

Should she give it back? No, her kiss had been the only payment required. She looked up and saw Cadeon staring back at her. The intensity of his stare held her in place. He made her tingle from head to toe from his kisses and touches. Cadeon Ashwood made her feel. For most of her life, she'd learnt to cut herself off from feeling. Being numb was better than being alone and in pain.

"Are you all right?" he asked.

"Yes."

He could have no idea what that simple gesture meant to her. Closing her eyes, she took a deep breath, holding the gift to her chest. When the limo pulled up outside, she followed him outside. With a hand on her back, he escorted her upstairs. Next to him going through his office, she felt immature and out of her depth. There were so many women who would love to be with him, who could keep up with him at every turn.

She felt the stares and tried to ignore them. The hatred coming off the women threatened to burn a hole straight through her back. He yanked on his office door, and it opened instantly. Stacey stared at her but smiled rather than glared. At least there was one person who wouldn't hate her.

For two nights, she'd gone home with the boss. For two nights she'd slept in his bed. Last night they'd done something that made her feel so good inside. Cadeon was working his way into her system. When she looked at him, her heart beat, and she felt alive. Someone was looking at her, not staring over her. Cadeon saw her; he didn't see through her.

"Take a seat. Relax and enjoy."

He threw his jacket on the seat and went around to his desk. She sat on the seat next to his jacket.

Opening the flap of her present, she read through the titles of the books available to read. Not many stood out, so she decided to start from the top.

His voice as he spoke on the phone would distract her. At times she looked up and caught him staring back at her. After a time, she pulled his jacket over her. She felt so calm and happy to be safe.

Chapter Nine

Dominic Green stared at the queue of girls in front of him. Some looked like they were knocking on death's door. He picked out a selection before going back inside his office. Business was booming. The crisis in the world meant more people were turning to gambling, drugs, and women to escape the pain of their situation.

He lit up a smoke and sat down. Pouring himself a healthy measure of scotch, he glared at the picture on his desk. The girl was a pretty bitch, he'd give her that. She'd pack a couple of grand in a few nights. Some of his more expensive clients liked them on the chunky side with the girl-next-door kind of look.

His men had failed to gather any information on the girl's whereabouts. It was as if she'd fallen of the face of the earth. Valerie had been a rare find, a girl with a heart yearning for love. How that bitch had managed to keep her daughter a secret was beyond him.

A knock at the door interrupted his thoughts.

"Come in," he said.

His second-in-command stood in the doorway.

"Anything?"

"We might have got something. We're not sure because it would lead us to a different country," the man said.

"What are you f**king talking about?"

"We believe Valerie Walter's daughter has moved to America, sir. We're going through the scanners now trying to find a match. This picture isn't the best thing to go on. It's a little older, and we don't know for sure how old she might be."

Dominic lost his temper.

"I don't give a f**k how long it takes. Get me some answers, and do it quickly. I want this girl, and when I get my hands on her I'll show everyone not to f**king mess with me. What's mine, stays mine."

He rubbed his hands together just thinking about the pain he would inflict on her. The nameless girl who was causing him trouble.

****

Tate growled with frustration as every lead came up blank. There was no way he could find any f**king information about the girl that Cadeon wanted. That could mean only one thing. She was in the country illegally. Pulling the notes up he'd phoned through early in the morning, he picked up the phone and dialled Sean.

"Hello?" a female voice answered with a purr.

"Is Sean in?" he asked.

"Give it here, babe. Go and make some coffee. No, don't put any clothes on. You won't need them later."

Tate rolled his eyes as he heard Sean giving out orders. "Sean here."

"Don't you have anything better to do than f**k?"

"Cadeon isn't keeping my girl away from me. I'm a free agent until the right woman comes along. What do you want?"

"Cadeon phoned me this morning with more information about this girl."

"Fucking hell. He must really like this girl."

"Yeah." Tate thought about his own girl, Rebecca Black. If he did this, he could finally get a shot with the only woman he'd ever cared about. He remembered the last time he had seen her. She'd been terrified, but he'd known right away what she'd come to mean to him.

"Give me the names and what-not."

"Her mother is dead, and apparently someone by the name of Dominic was mentioned. Also, he said she sounded strange. Had like a British accent or something as she was talking."

"What?" Sean asked sounding alert.

"Her mother is dead, Dominic, and something about a British accent. What's up, Sean?"

"I don't like the sound of this."

"Why?"

"Look, I don't want to start a panic, but I need to get some shit sorted out. Then I'll call you."

"Just give me some information here," Tate said.

"Not yet. I was fine until you mentioned the name Dominic. Let me talk to my contacts, and I'll speak to you soon." The line cut off. Tate growled and threw the receiver down. He hated being kept in the dark.

Staring at the computer screen of Violet Moore, he wondered what was different about her from so many other women. Cadeon wouldn't stop in his quest to pursue her, even if this search came up badly.

Chapter Ten

Cadeon watched her read a book. The numbers on the screen were doing nothing to distract him from the vision of Violet. The men couldn't take their eyes away from her as he held his meetings. Her skirt was lifted above the knee, and her fingers circled the exposed piece of flesh. By lunch time he was out of his mind with need. His cock, rock hard, threatened to split his trousers in two. He took the food from Stacey and told her to take a long break. Placing the food down, he closed and locked the door.

Taking the food over to his desk, he looked at Violet. She stared at him, the e-reader open in her lap.

"Come here," he said.

She placed the e-reader on the side before standing moving to stand next to him. Cadeon held her hip and brought her in front of his desk. Staring into her eyes, he ran his hands up her legs to rest on her panties.

"Cadeon," she said in protest.

"Don't speak." He grabbed the panties and pulled them down. "Step out of them." She lifted one leg and then the other.

He placed them in his pocket.

"I need those," she said.

"Did I say you could speak?"

She shook her head. Cadeon couldn't believe how instantly submissive she was. It was as if a part of her responded to his call.

"Now, you've got to eat lunch, but first I want you to earn it."

"I don't understand."

"You will." Cadeon lifted her skirt to her h*ps and placed her on his desk. He sat back down. "I want you to open your legs."

A blush painted her cheeks as, slowly, she opened her legs. He'd known from the feel of the panties how wet she was. Cadeon could see the evidence between her lips.

"You look perfect."

"Cadeon?" she whispered. He loved hearing his name on her lips.

"Play with yourself."

"What?" He saw the look of alarm on her face.

"I want to see your fingers sliding through your pu**y. You're wet and turned on. I want you to please me. Do you want to please me, Violet?"

She nodded her head.

"Pleasure yourself."

"What about you?"

"Would it please you to see me doing the same?"

Another nod of her head.

Smiling, he unzipped his designer trousers and pulled out his cock. Her eyes widened. The little minx didn't think he would do it.

He would do one better. Going to his drawer, he pulled out a spare tube of lubrication. Ever since seeing her hot ass walking round his office, he'd learned to keep a spare tube of lube in case of emergencies. He'd been wanking over her hot body since the moment he met her.

"Do I need some?" she asked.

"No. You're wet already." She blushed and looked away, embarrassed.

"Hey, don't be like that. I love how wet you get. It shows you desire me." A blush still stained her cheeks, but she looked more flush than shamed.

Cadeon made sure he had plenty of lubrication before he leaned back and began to massage his cock.

"Show me, baby," he said.

"I don't know how."

"Lick your fingers. I'll tell you how." She licked the fingers of her right hand. "Now, press them between your legs on your pu**y. Like that. Move them around." He watched her delicate touch against her own body.

His shaft jumped in his hand. She looked so sexy using her fingers to bring herself off. "Slowly, find what you're looking for." He watched her playing with her body. Violet looked over at him panicked.

"I can't do it," she said, tears in her eyes. Pulling his hand away from his own body, he leaned forward and grabbed her hand. Sucking her fingers between his lips, he heard her gasp. Her feminine juice coated his tongue. Licking every last bit of taste, he guided her back between her legs.

Her eyes remained firmly on him. Cadeon used her fingers to touch her clit. Her body jolted from the contact.

"Do you feel that?" A nod of the head. "Explore yourself."

Before he went back to his cock, he unbuttoned her blouse. Opening the sides he pulled her br**sts over the top of her bra. He knew he should be going slower with her. Cadeon couldn't stop himself. When he was in her company, he felt like he'd known her forever.

Leaning back in his chair, his hand round his cock, he watched the view. Her tits heaved over the top of her bra. He imagined f**king between her tits, her tongue swirling along the tip of his cock. Moaning, he travelled down her body. Her tummy was nicely rounded, something he could grab onto and f**k hard. She didn't have a skinny body. She was a pure woman who could take the hard, rough, or gentle screwing. Cadeon loved to mix his sex up. He knew there would come a point when he would unleash his lust. There was only so long he could keep the possessive side of himself locked up.

Her fingers were creamy with her juice. He heard how wet she was every time she flicked her clit. A moan escaped her lips as her fingers touched her clit.

Cadeon wasn't watching a woman masturbating herself. He was watching a woman finding who she was. A woman on the quest of pleasure. Staring at the wonder in her eyes as she stared back at him, Cadeon knew something would change once she reached her orgasm. This was the point in a woman's life where he could hold her, protect her and watch her flourish - or destroy every ounce of personality within her.

Pulling his foreskin back, he ran the tip of his finger along and around the sensitive flesh underneath.

She stared at him. Her teeth biting into her lip. Body shaking. Cadeon could see she was close. He sped up the beats of his hand, watching the way her legs shook and her hand increased in the one spot of her clitoris. Two fingers together massaging her. He watched her, absorbing everything she liked. What made her eyes widen, what made her wince. All of it, he watched and learned. Feeding the information to the deepest part of his brain.

****

Violet felt his gaze on every part of her skin. Her body was flush with arousal, her fingers slippery wet from her own sex. She moaned as he continued to f**k his fist. The way she felt about him scared her in that moment. There was nothing she wouldn't do for him. She felt it in her blood.

When she was with him, she felt safe and happy. Even if he scared her sometimes, the fear didn't stay with her long term.

"That's it, baby. Touch your pu**y. I want to see you coming."

Moaning as his words tightened the muscles inside her pu**y, her fingers were frantic as she searched for the release she knew he could give her.

"Cadeon," she screamed as her body shook from the pleasure, her fingers bringing her over the edge. Opening her eyes, she saw Cadeon grab some tissue as a growl erupted from him.

"Fuck, yeah."

Before she had time to catch her breath, he grabbed her. He took her onto his lap, one leg over one arm and the other leg on the other. She straddled him on the chair. His fingers sank into her hair, removing her ponytail from the band. He fanned her hair around her face.

"You're so beautiful. I'm the luckiest f**king man in the world."

Violet smiled at his compliment. He kissed her on the lips, his hand grabbing the back of her head to keep her in place.

Her hands rested on his chest. She felt his c**k between her legs. The sensation didn't bother her. She liked being in his arms. He wrapped his other arm around her. Breaking from the kiss, he pressed her head against his chest.

"I'll care for you, forever," he whispered.

Closing her eyes, her heart burst inside her chest. Could this be love?

"I want to take care of you," he said.

She didn't know what to say. Cadeon stroked her hair. They rested in his chair, neither moving. The phone on his desk rang, and they ignored it, content to lie in each other's arms. Violet wanted to stay within the safety of his arms. Never leave him.

A knock came at the door. Stacey shouted through to him that his two o'clock appointment was there to see him. Violet, with his help, got off his lap. She was reeling from the fact they'd been with each other for two hours, minimum.

He pulled her skirt back down.

"I need my panties," she said.

"No, you don't. I'll keep them."

Ten minutes later, Stacey showed the man in. Violet went back to her seat and read. Her mind was in turmoil from the events of the afternoon. The life she'd known was getting out of hand. The moment he spoke, Violet had felt her body drawn to his call. Closing her eyes, she prayed for the sanity that had left her since he'd made his presence known.

Cadeon Ashwood made her feel, and in the world she lived in, it was dangerous to feel.

Chapter Eleven

The week passed, and slowly Violet became aware of the system of how Stacey worked. Once she'd mastered Stacey's role, Cadeon would call her into his office and get her to work in front of him. He bought her a state-of-the-art laptop to keep her in his company. She had heard some of his colleagues talking, and the whispers and taunts unnerved her. Never before had she been the subject of gossip, yet now she was being talked about constantly. Cadeon Ashwood had never shown an interest in a woman the way he did her.

During the day she worked for him, and by night she slept in his bed as he touched her, bringing them both pleasure. He tried to get her to be with him during every lunch break. She refused, certain that the bubble around them would burst. The moments when she lay in his arms were the best of her life. His heat around her. Feeling the beat of his heart against her cheek. Knowing he was real and not a figment of her imagination. Those were the real moments to her.

Some nights he left her alone. Anne would keep her company until the older woman left. With her help, Violet explored her surroundings. She was always scared to venture where she wasn't allowed.

"Honey, he wouldn't leave you alone in this house if he didn't want you to explore," Anne said.

"I feel like a stranger. Like I don't belong here."

"I believe at times Cadeon felt that way when his father lived here."

"His dad?"

"Yes. Poor soul. His parents died young and were deeply in love. No one could put a wedge between them. His father doted on his mother. A true union of souls. When they were in the room together, nothing else mattered to them."

"Poor Cadeon." Violet didn't know what was worse, being invisible to the outside world, or the two people who were supposed to love him caring about nothing but themselves.

"Why poor Cadeon?"

"Because his parents cared more about themselves than they did about him."

"No, honey. His parents were in love. Cadeon was a shining light in their world. His parents adored him, even in his reckless years. Don't mistake love for each other as selfishness. Too many couples nowadays don't love with a depth of feeling to the very soul."

Violet thought about her words. "Did you love like that?" she asked.

"Still do, honey. My man has been gone for a few years, but I'll love him to the day I go."

Anne left her to explore the house. Cadeon had left after dinner. Starting in the library, Violet checked out the many different types of books he had in his possession. Some were classics, and from the look of them, first editions. Not picking a book to read, as she valued her e-reader more, her search took her upstairs. If this house belonged to his parents was it passed down through generations? Staring at the pictures of many different people, she wondered if they were in fact family members. Violet moved from one room to the next. Most were guest bedrooms waiting to be made up. Cadeon had a large house. When she grew bored of checking out the rooms, she made her way back downstairs to the kitchen. Cookbooks littered one side of the wall. Going over to them, she picked out the first one she found. The booklet wasn't a cookbook but pages filled with hand-written recipes. Taken with the beautiful letters, she found a recipe for chocolate cupcakes.

Watching cookery shows had been the one true pleasure for her when she'd been allowed. Opening the book, she went in search of the ingredients. Baking was one thing she'd never done in her life. The writing had taken control of her. She found some flour, chocolate, eggs, sugar and other confectionary items in the cupboards and fridge. The tins were in a bottom drawer. Much searching and she had every piece of equipment laid down for her to work with. Preheating the oven, she began creaming the butter and sugar together. The therapeutic action helped her to relax. Her mind was no longer full of Cadeon, her mum, or the danger she was in from falling for Cadeon.

While she stirred, folded and prepared cupcakes, she was a woman who baked. Closing her eyes, Violet let the calm take over.

****

Cadeon sat watching the husband pound into his wife. Her hands were strapped down. She couldn't move. The only thing the woman could do was accept her pleasure.

"I had a set-back today," Stephen said as he sat down.

"What did you do?" Cadeon asked as he drank down his coffee. He wouldn't risk drinking alcohol when the rain was pouring down outside.

"Told a woman she couldn't work here. She had lovely red hair and the bluest eyes I've ever seen."

"And you got rid of her."

The woman tied up began screaming as her release rolled over her. In his eye, Cadeon saw Violet withering in pleasure. Would she let him tie her up?

Her hands would look so beautiful trapped above her head as he kissed her body. Clearing his throat, he turned away from the scene. Picturing his woman in any pose was threatening his mind. Being around her, touching her, was driving him to distraction. No time was ever enough with her. He hated sleeping because it took time away from the woman he loved.

"I've known Violet for a year, and my heart feels like it will burst every time I stare at her," he said to Stephen. "The other night you had doubts about the possessive feeling a man can get with his woman."

"What about it?"

"I feel it. Every time another man looks at her, I want to cut his eyes out. She walks past me, and I want to hold her in my arms and never let go. Violet Moore is twenty-one years old. She's got her whole life ahead of her, and all I want is to give her the world. She smiles at me, not often but enough, and I feel alive."

Stephen stared at him, silent.

"Possession is there, inside you. You've just got to wait for the right woman before it threatens to break loose."

"Where are you going?" Stephen asked as Cadeon stood up.

"I've got a woman at home. Watching them together is fun, but I'd rather be with her."

He shook his friend's hand before leaving the club. Driving home, Cadeon thought about Violet. Watching her work in front of his desk had become the highlight of his life. He knew people at work were talking, and it would only be a matter of time until he had to pull her away.

For all of her timid responses so far, he knew she would put up a fight. Sometimes he saw the fire inside her, which she squashed. He wanted her to fight him, not agree to everything.

Pulling up outside his house, he noted no lights were visible from the front. The moment he entered, he smelled the baking.

Anne wouldn't be home. The scent of cupcakes sent him right back to his childhood. His mother had loved to bake. Going to the kitchen, he found Violet bent over the oven, pulling out a tray of dark mounded cakes.

She hadn't seen him. Her tongue touched her top lip as she concentrated on placing the hot buns on the cool rack. Flour covered a cheek. Her hair escaped the odd ponytail. Her hands were covered with cake mix. The kitchen looked like a bomb had blown up inside the room. With his hands folded, Cadeon observed her. She looked happy.

"I take it you've been busy," he said as he took a seat at the counter opposite her.

"Cadeon? Hi." She pulled away from the cupcakes as if she was doing something wrong.

"Don't worry. They smell like the ones my mom used to make," he said, picking one up and tearing the case off underneath.

"I found a recipe for them in here." She picked up the book. He took a bite. The rich chocolate melted in his mouth. Glancing at the book, he knew it was his mother's recipe. "That's my mother's recipe book. She loved going into the kitchen to bake. There should be some of her all time favourite recipes." He took the book from her and flicked through. "This one, macaroni cheese, took her months to get right. I remember when she brought out the pot. It smelled good. My dad gave me a hopeful look. We'd tried so many bad versions of that dish. She got it right. The pasta tasted great, and the cheese was the right amount." He thought about the way his mother looked when his dad tasted the food. She always looked so happy when she got it right.

"Tell me more," Violet asked, moving to sit beside him.

Flicking through the pages, he told her about some of the recipes.

"The cupcakes were a treat for me on my birthday. She forgot to order a cake and decided to make it herself, but she didn't follow the instructions properly. The cake pretty much exploded in the oven. When it looked like I wasn't getting a cake, I watched her working, and these came out. The best cupcakes I've ever tasted." Cadeon took a bite recalling his birthday so long ago.

"Your mother sounded nice."

"She was amazing. My dad loved her."

"What happened to them?"

"A car accident."

She nodded her head. "I know it's not much, but I've experienced loss, too. I mean, my mum died."

Cadeon stared at her. "How did she die?"

Silent for a moment, she shook her head. "I'm not ready to tell you that."

He nodded his head. She'd told him something, and that was a move in the right direction. "This dish, leek and potato soup. She burnt it and tried to cover it up by putting golden croutons on top. It tasted awful that first time. She never burnt it again."

For the next hour, Cadeon went through the recipe book explaining dishes to Violet. Some made him laugh when he remembered the struggle his mother had to concoct some of the food.

"Your mother sounds amazing."

"She was. I think you should have this." He passed the book back to her.

"But this is your mother's work. I couldn't take this."

"No. I think she would want someone who liked to cook to use it. From the taste of the cupcakes, you're a natural. You may come in and use the kitchen at any time. I'll talk to Anne about giving you some lessons if you'd like."

"That would be wonderful."

Cadeon smiled, running his finger down her cheek. He glanced round the room. "I don't think Anne would let you near her kitchen if you make this much mess. Come on. I'll help you clean it up before we go upstairs."

While Violet loaded up boxes with the iced cupcakes, Cadeon rinsed the dishes and equipment she'd used. When everything was put away, he took her by the hand and moved upstairs. "You're filthy from baking," he said, placing a kiss against the pulse at her throat.

"It's Saturday tomorrow. What are we going to do?" she asked.

"I usually go to the office, but I think we'll stay in. Have a break. Would you like to spend the weekend with me?"

She pulled back staring into his eyes. "You're asking me?"

"Yes. I'm hoping you'll say yes and put me out of my misery."

"And if I say no?"

"Then I'll have to convince you how nice I can be." He kissed her on the lips. Cadeon cupped her ass, bringing her body against his. Violet would be the first woman he'd had in his bed for over a week and hadn't f**ked. "So, what will it be? To stay or not to stay?"

"Where else would I go?" she asked.

"Nowhere. You can stay with me through choice and have fun, or you can stay with me and still have fun but pretend that you don't."

"How is that a good choice, Mr. Ashwood?"

"Because at least I asked, Miss Moore."

Both of them chuckled. "Okay. I'll stay with you, but you've got a condition."

"Already after my blood," he said teasingly.

"Will you give me a proper tour of the house?"

Cadeon moaned.

"Please," she said.

"Okay. Now let's shower before we fall asleep on the spot." He didn't give her time to protest before he was pulling her into the shower with him. Her clothes he pushed to the floor. The hot water cascaded down her na**d body seconds before he joined her.

He delighted in seeing her naked, her curvy body exposed to his touch. Grabbing the soap, he attended to her first, soaping her back, ass and legs before replacing the sponge he'd been using with his hands.

With care, he caressed her br**sts, bringing a moan from between her lips. Circling the dark ni**les, he moved down her body, smoothing along her stomach before he cupped her pu**y.

Most of the soap had been washed away from his hands. Sliding a finger between her silken wet folds, he touched her clit. She jumped in his hands. Her head lay on his shoulder.

"Cadeon," she said on a moan.

"I want to give you pleasure." He kissed her neck, licking a trail of moisture with his tongue. "I want to f**k you, Violet. I'm desperate to be inside you."

She moaned. Her hand went between them. Cadeon closed his eyes, knowing she wasn't ready for him. The passion he felt for her pushed to the edge. He didn't know how much longer he could go on without being with her. The need to claim her as his own was driving him crazy. Closing his eyes, he imagined sinking inside her tight cunt, feeling her pulse around him. Instead, he worked his hands over her pu**y. She opened her legs wider to receive him, the little mouse flowering beneath his expert touch. Violet was withdrawn and shy, but when she was alone with him, something happened inside her. In the moments alone together they became each other's world. Nothing else mattered but what they shared together. Touching her clit, Cadeon thrust his h*ps against her hand. His release was so close to the surface. Her hands were like two pleasure sensors going off inside his body. Beautiful and powerful.

"Come for me, Violet. I want to hear you scream for me." She melted. Her body shook as she let go, the release rushing through her. Biting down and sucking on her neck, Cadeon shot his seed in the shower stall. The white cum washed away down the drain as their bodies came back. He turned off the water and helped her out of the stall, rubbing her down and drying her hair before doing the same to himself. Cadeon picked her up in his arms and walked her back to their bed. Everything he owned was hers now. He couldn't imagine living life without her.

He laid her on the bed and turned off the lights before joining her. They didn't go to sleep straight away. For the longest time, they lay in the dark, staring at each other.

"Is it always like this?" she asked.

"I don't know. I've never been like this with anyone."

"I haven't either. No man has ever made me feel the way you do."

"How do I make you feel?" He cupped her face, stroking the smooth cheek.

"Like little explosions going off inside my body. When you are near me, I know I'm safe. That nothing bad is going to happen. You make me happy. No one has ever made me laugh before. You make me feel normal. This life seems so surreal to me. If this is a dream, I never want to wake up."

"Do you think you could tell me that with the light on?" he asked.

"I don't know."

Cadeon leaned over and kissed her on the lips. She opened for him instantly. Never had he been with a woman and lain na**d with her in a bed for a week or so, and not made love to her. Being with Violet meant more to him than having a quick f**k. Simply holding her gave him so much peace that he imagined he could live without f**king.

Her moans vibrated down his body, getting his c**k hard instantly. It didn't matter how many time he was with her, he never wanted it to end.

Hours passed, and they lay kissing each other, their touches burning like flames between them, an unexplained force bringing them closer together. When he pulled away, he held her in his arms as her breathing changed and sleep took hold.

Staring at her in the dark, he watched her sleep. Her face turned up to him. One hand rested on his chest as the other lay down by her side. She was so still and beautiful, utterly mesmerising to him.

"I love you, Violet Moore," he whispered, kissing her on the temple. Cadeon closed his eyes. For the time being, his instincts were at bay. He wondered how long that would last when his very future lay in his arms.

Chapter Twelve

The following morning, Violet woke up to the scent of coffee. Even in the large house, the rich Italian blend could be smelled. The only reason she knew it was Italian was from her hunt of the kitchen cupboards the night before.

Stretching out her body, she glanced in the dip of the bed where Cadeon had been hours before. She thought she'd heard him moving around earlier but had been too exhausted to get out of bed herself.

She got out of bed and went straight to the bathroom. Once she finished with the toilet, she stood na**d in front of the mirror and stared at her reflection. Not much had changed in the last week. She was still Violet Moore with a past she didn't want to think about. Looking at herself, she wondered if it was possible to forget the past and move on. To be able to have a future without fear. Running fingers through her bed hair, she thought about her life. Dominic wouldn't bother to come for her. For one, he had no knowledge of her existence. The second, why would he risk his life for the sake of a whore's daughter? None of her earlier fears made any sense to her.

Smiling to herself, she brushed her teeth, combed her hair and got some clothes on. Her mind was made up. Fearing about her past would only ruin her future. She liked Cadeon, could possibly be in love with him. She wanted to be with him completely, to have with him something her mother never could have: love.

Life was about taking chances. This could be her chance to find something for her life.

Violet walked down the stairs to see a woman hanging off of Cadeon's arm. Violet stopped as she took in the scene. The woman stood with her arms wrapped around his body, every part of her begging him not to let go. From the distance away from the couple, Violet saw the emotion on her face. Tumbling back into her old world, she remembered seeing many women with the same expression on their face. Begging the men to stay with them one extra day. To pull them out of the life of misery and sex.

"Please, give me another chance. I want you. I love you. I can be everything you need."

"Get up off the floor, Olivia," Cadeon said. Violet froze from the cold sound of his voice. She'd been within for a few weeks, and he'd never spoken to her with such anger in his voice.

"I can't go another day without you, Cadeon. There is no other man out there who can satisfy me as good as you."

"You should have thought about that before jumping for the next man with a decent pay packet. We're done. I want nothing to do with you."

The woman, Olivia, sank to her knees. Her hands, with her nails painted red, travelled up his leg going to his crotch. Violet couldn't contain the gasp from between her lips as the woman continued to touch him. The sexual display shocked her to her core. Is that how Cadeon saw her? As a sexual person to be used and discarded? From his own words he'd been intimate with the woman.

Cadeon looked up and stared at her.

"Violet."

Olivia turned to see who he was talking to. Violet felt frozen in place. Cadeon wasn't her man. She was just the woman he made sleep with him, in his bed. Whom he touched at night and during the day.

"I should go," Violet said. She moved down the last flight of stairs, shocked as Cadeon moved away from the woman. He was not giving her the courtesy of his time; he was brushing her off as if she were nothing, not a woman with feelings.

"Cadeon, let the girl go."

"For f**k's sake, woman, get the f**k out of my life," he shouted.

Violet opened his front door which he closed immediately. "Let me go."

"No. I told you. You're mine, and I'm not letting you go." His hands rested either side of her, trapping her.

He took her arm and led her back. Grabbing Olivia by the arm, Violet watched the scuffle which took place. Cadeon got the upper hand and threw the woman out of his house, slamming the door. Violet stared at the spot where she'd been begging for his attention. Her thoughts upstairs as she faced herself in the mirror came back to haunt her. Giving herself to him could be the biggest mistake of her life. He walked back into the room, his face red with anger.

"I'm sorry you had to witness that."

"Who was she?" she asked, frowning at how calm she sounded. While staring in the mirror she'd thought about giving her body to him, only to witness the bitter way he treated his ex-lovers.

"An old friend."

"By old friend you mean girlfriend?"

"No. I wouldn't go that far."

"But you slept with her?"

"Not the way I do with you."

Her anger rose with his evasion of her questions. "Did you sleep with her?"

He stared at her. "I f**ked her."

Anne walked inside the room. Violet turned away from him, struggling to breathe.

"Not now, Anne," Cadeon said.

"I hope you're not taking your problems out on the girl."

"You can take the rest of the day off."

Violet kept her back to them. She wanted nothing to do with the way he was speaking to Anne. Closing her eyes, she tried to fight the pain in her chest. Cadeon was older than she. He had a past, a much longer past than hers.

"Olivia was a long time ago. I never slept with her. It was purely physical."

"You must have made an impression to have her begging like that."

"I take pride in making love to a woman, Violet. I'm no monk, and I'm not going to insult you and pretend that I was."

"I'm very much aware of how skilled you are. I mean, take a look at me. I was in your office for two minutes, and now I'm all but living with you. I can't go back to my house, and every time you put your hands on me I give in. I'm nothing but a slut."

He took a step toward her, and she moved back a step. "Don't ever call yourself that."

"How can I not when a woman you've been intimate with was here begging and you throw her out? What makes me any different?"

"Listen to me, Violet. She meant nothing to me. None of the women before you meant anything."

She stared at him in shock. For the past two weeks she'd been sharing his bed, allowing him to touch her as she touched him.

"Once you're done with me you'll just throw me away. Is that it? I'm only good while I present you with a challenge?" she asked as tears fell from her eyes.

Cadeon didn't have the best business reputation, but she'd never seen him be cruel. They way he dealt with that woman, an ex-lover, had been nothing but cruel.

"No, you're different."

"How?" she screamed. The words he kept repeating going off inside her head like a large red flashing light. "Why am I different? What makes me so special? I've done nothing in my life. I've been nowhere. Whereas you've known women who've lived their life and yet you want me to believe I've got something they don't?"

"I don't know how to explain it to you," he said.

"What's to explain? You sleep with women - no, forgive me - you f**k women, and when you're bored you get rid of them as if they mean nothing. I'm not staying around to become a hopeless fool who falls at your feet." Violet went to move past him, but he caught her before she could get to far away from him.

"I've made a lot of mistakes in my life, but I refuse to add you to the list. I'm not letting you go."

"I don't want to stay here." She lied. In the short time of being with him there was nowhere else in the world she wanted to be.

"You're lying. I know you want me as much as I want you. Don't you feel it between us? There isn't a moment that goes by where I don't think about you."

"That's just sex."

"Is it? Because I've had that, Violet. I've wanted women, and the moment I've f**ked them the intensity has gone. With you, I've felt this burning inside me since the moment we met on the elevator."

She frowned, not recalling the time he talked about.

"You don't remember it?"

"I've never met you."

"We rode in the elevator together. You wore a black pencil type skirt and a white blouse. You stood on my floor waiting as the doors opened. You stood staring at the ground before riding the lift down to the bottom floor. Do you remember? I told you it was ground floor."

The scene played out in her mind. She remembered the day vaguely, as she hadn't been working in the building long.

"I see you remember. I knew that day you'd be mine."

"What are you saying?" she asked.

"I love you, Violet."

She gasped as he pushed her back against the wall his body crowding her. "I looked at you, and my world fell apart. I knew I wanted you, and I'd do anything to get you. You feel this?" He placed her hand over his heart. "It beats for no one but you."

****

Her hand pressed against his chest. Eyes bright with tears, Cadeon prayed she would believe him. Being with her meant more to him than anything else. Seeing her face as she saw Olivia had cut him deeply. Telling her the whole truth about the other woman could send her running from him. He wouldn't blame her. Being a dominant man could send the most experienced women away. He would give it all up if he could.

"How can you love?" she asked.

"Because I do. I know how I feel."

"I never thought anyone could ever fall in love with someone like me."

Cadeon slammed his lips down on hers. Showing her with everything he was how much he loved her. Violet submitted to him, her arms circling round his neck bringing him in closer. He wanted her badly. To feel her soft skin against his own. Pulling away, Cadeon knew he had to stop now. Otherwise he wouldn't have the strength.

"I can't do this. If you want me to stop, Violet, then pull away from me."

"What happens if I stay?"

"Then I'm spending the rest of the day making love to you." He let his words sink in, watching her expressive brown eyes widen. She stared back at him, and he waited for her response.

She wrapped her arms back around his neck, her lips pressing to his. Cadeon gave in for a few seconds before pulling back. "I've got to hear you say the words."

"What?"

"I won't touch you until you tell me with words that you want to be with me." After the high-handed way he'd treated her, he couldn't bring himself to take the answer out of her hands.

"Put your hands on me, Cadeon," she said. "Don't let go of me."

He picked her up in his arms. "When I get inside your body, I'm not doing it against a wooden door." He wanted her first time to be memorable. Walking up the flight of stairs felt like a lifetime. Cadeon wanted to be inside her and to show her how good he could make her feel. Nothing mattered. Not the outside world. Only them. Violet was his life, his world, and he wanted to spend the rest of his life proving to her how good being with him could be.

Kicking open the door, he put her on her feet and kissed her lips. Her hands wrapped around his neck, searching him, running her fingers up and down his body.

Cadeon pushed her against the bed. The need inside him dominated any thought of reason. He had to show her how much she meant to him. To prove to her what he felt was real beyond anything else he'd ever experienced.

Taking hold of her blouse, he tore it in two before pulling her skirt from her body. The time no longer mattered to him. He had to be inside her.

Her moans were driving him crazy. The sweet sound of her submission was more than anything he could have ever imagined. Her tits heaved against the fabric of her bra, the dark areola of her nipple pointing at him. Pressing his lips back to hers, he ran his hand down her body.

So many times they'd been na**d together, yet this felt more intimate. He knew when he left this bed, Violet would be his for the rest of his life.

She began to unbutton his shirt as he kissed her. His c**k struggled against the tight confines of his jeans. Pulling her hands away, he flipped her onto her stomach. Unhooking her bra, he pulled it from her arms and off her body. Pulling her hair out of the way, he kissed a line down her back until he got to the line of her panties. Her ass looked full and tempting. His palm itched with the need to land a hard, vicious slap. Closing his eyes, holding her in place with his hand in her hair, he calmed the need inside him.

Violet deserved roses and flowers. An eruption of pleasure so intense it would make her heart ache to be with him. He wanted her to always remember this first time as a loving union. Not something rushed or dirty. When he calmed himself down, he moved his hand from her hair. Going to her panties, he pulled them down off her hips. She lay naked.

"Stay like that," he said.

"I want to see you, too."

"You will, baby." Cadeon kissed her on the cheek and got off the bed. Pulling the white shirt off his body, he unzipped his jeans. He tried to contain the wince as he eased the zipper off his thick cock.

"Are you all right?" she asked.

"Never better." He threw the clothes into a corner. He eased up on the bed, settling down beside her. He rolled her over to face him.

He stroked her hair back from her face.

"Are you sure you want this?"

"You're asking me for a choice again?"

"Yes."

"I want to be with you, Cadeon."

Pleased with her answer, he took her hand and placed it on his chest. "I want us to enjoy this together."

His gaze kept straying to her tits. The full mounds were flushed. He wanted to suckle her, bite down on the large ni**les. She kept her hand where he placed it. Cadeon kissed her lips as his own hand searched her body. Going from her cheek, down the delicate column of her neck resting on one of her full tits. Their moans mingled together as he tweaked the nipple between his thumb and finger, teasing the nub until it was hard.

He pushed his tongue between her lips. His other arm had her head resting on it. She began to touch him back. Her hand roamed his chest. Her fingers circled his own ni**les as he sucked her lips and played with her br**sts, arousing her by keeping his attention on her br**sts.

Next, he grazed down her tummy and back up, circling her belly button but keeping his focus on her skin. Her tummy quivered as he moved down. Each downward stroke heightened her pleasure. He never touched her mound but gave her promise of what was to come.

"Cadeon," she said as she pulled away from his kiss.

"What's the matter, baby?"

"Touch me, please."

He smiled at her words. They felt like a move in the right direction. Her asking him for something more. Trusting him enough to say her words.

"Do you want me to touch your pu**y?" he asked.

She blushed.

He laughed at the irony of her reaction. "We've been na**d together so many times, and you still blush."

"You say wicked things."

"You think me asking you if you want me to touch your pu**y is a bad thing?"

She nodded her head.

"You haven't heard how wicked I can be yet."

Violet stared at him.

"Will you show me?" she asked.

"You want me to be wicked to you?"

"I want you to be open with me."

He thought about her past and what Tate had said to him. "If I'm open with you, you've got to be open with me."

Cadeon noted her biting her lip, but she nodded her head.

Chapter Thirteen

Violet knew she wouldn't tell him a thing about her past. Those memories would have to be burnt to a crisp in the back of her mind. The shame and humiliation of her situation weren't lost on her. She lay in the arms of a very wealthy and powerful man. The money didn't bother her. She'd lived with nothing and could continue to live without anything. His wealth never entered her head when she was with him. The only problem she felt being with him was the dirt people could find with regards to her past.

The only thing that mattered to her was the way he made her feel when she was in his company. Her whole body came alive. Not just with the touching but the way she felt when he was close by.

He made her laugh and want to cry. Cadeon was older than she by quite a few years, and she couldn't care less. He made her unafraid to live her life. She thought about the three years since her mother died and getting away from the danger she'd lived in for the full eighteen years of her life until then. Instead of fighting against the demons that held her in place, she stayed down. Never fighting for her own life.

When he leaned down and kissed her lips, his hands on her br**sts, Violet met him kiss for kiss and stroke for stroke. When he took her body and made her his woman, she would change. No longer would she be held in the confines of her past. Always scared. For the first time she'd be free to be Violet Moore. Cadeon Ashwood's woman. She liked the sound of that.

"Make love to me," she said, embracing the newfound emotion inside her. He pulled away from her and opened a drawer by his bed. She watched as he pulled out a foil packet.

"I guess you're not on the Pill?"

She shook her head.

"I don't want to get you pregnant this first time." He placed the packet by her head. Violet opened her legs, suddenly nervous about the whole ordeal. "I'll take care of you. I'll make sure you don't have to lie back and think of England."

Smiling, she lay down as he came over her. His hands rested at the side of her head. When his lips connected with hers, she moaned, holding onto his back to keep him place above her. She never wanted to let go.

"You're so responsive."

He kissed down her neck, his hands moving down her body as he did. She gasped with pleasure as he sucked on her ni**les. Glancing down she saw his dark head moving from one breast to the next. The erotic thrill coursing through her intensified from feeling and seeing him on her body. He gave one breast attention before moving onto the next. She cried out as his teeth bit her tight. The ache went straight to her clit. She felt wet between her legs. Her breaths came out in pants as the intense sensation he was creating increased. He moved down her stomach, swirling his tongue against her belly button. She held her breath as his fanned her pubic hair. He opened her legs wider as he settled between her spread thighs.

"I'm going to lick your cunt."

She bit her lip as his gaze focused between her legs.

"I want you to watch me." He leaned over her and rbought a pillow beneath her head lifting her up to see down her body. He sat back, his hands settling on her sex. She watched as his fingers brushed through her pubic hair before he opened the outer lips of her folds.

Licking her suddenly dry lips she looked up in time to see Cadeon smile before he leaned down. His tongue swiped between her pu**y lips. She cried out from the visual and physical pleasure of what he was doing to her body.

"I want to feel you come on my tongue, and then I want to see you lose control." He tongued her clit. She screamed as his tongue flicked, licked and sucked her clit. His hands gripped the top flesh of her thighs. As she was reaching down to grip his head to pull him away, he did something utterly wicked with his tongue making her smash her cunt against his lips instead.

"Ride my face," he said.

She thrust her pelvis against his mouth, moaning as he nibbled her clit. The ecstasy from his touch shot her through. The grip on her thighs tightened, and the pleasurable pain combination sending her in a state of bliss.

The coil tightened inside her belly, and the heat rose inside her. Her eyes closed as her grip tightened in his hair. Her orgasm sending over the peak, she exploded in a mass of sensation. He licked her gently. Nipping her leg before he pulled away, he reached to the foil packet next to her head.

He stared at her as he ripped the packet open. This was it. The time she would lose her virginity. She opened her eyes and stared back at him.

****

Cadeon covered his c**k with the rubber, pinching the tip and sliding the condom over his cock. He loved her eyes being on his body, loved the thrill going through him from having her underneath him. Opening her legs, he looked down at her slit and licked his lips. She tasted like a juicy ripe peach. The red lips were puffy and covered with the slickness of her cream. Her cl*t was swollen, and he saw it sticking out from its hood. Looking down at her with his larger legs between her spread thighs, he felt massive in comparison to her. Staring down at her cunt he knew he would be too big even with the orgasm he'd given her. Leaning back over her, he grabbed a tube of lubrication. He would rather be safer even if he wanted to dispense with the condom. Opening the tube he greased his condom-covered c**k before throwing the tube away from him. Running the tip of his c**k over her slit, he stared into her eyes as he moved over her.

"Hold onto me," he said. Her hands gripped his biceps, her nails sinking into his muscles. Running his c**k down to her entrance, he stared into her eyes. "Look at me. This might sting a little."

"I trust you."

He closed his eyes to gain his bearings. When he was in control once again, he opened his eyes and looked at her. She was biting her lip. Her eyes wide open. Pressing his c**k inside her, he felt the heat of her surround his shaft. She was hot and tight.

In one smooth thrust, he tore through her innocence and seated himself up to the hilt inside her. She screamed, fighting against him.

"Sh, calm down, I've got you."

"It hurts," she said. Tears fell from her eyes. Cadeon kissed her tears away. Her pu**y was tighter than a fist around him. Holding still within her, he knew she would need time to accommodate him.

"I know, I've got you. I'm inside you."

"You're too big. This won't work."

He kissed her on the lips trying to distract her. Her nails were still holding him in place, but she wasn't fighting him any longer. Teasing a response from her lips, he kissed her lips, her neck continuously. She gave him back more, opening her lips to receive more of him. Cadeon swivelled his hips, not thrusting back inside her but to see if she was still hurting. Her grip tightened and then relaxed.

"What's the matter, baby. Talk to me," he said.

"It doesn't hurt."

Cadeon pulled out of her snug heat slowly before pushing back inside. He took it slow, allowing her to become accustomed to his length and girth. Staring into her eyes, making sure her focus was on him. Taking hold of her hands he pressed them against her head as he slowly made love to her.

"Do you feel that?" he asked.

She bit her lip.

"I'm so f**king hard for you. I want to f**k you hard and fast, but I'm going to go slow. Let this tight pu**y get used to me." Cadeon held still as her pu**y convulsed around him.] "Whose woman are you?"

"Yours," she said without any hesitation. Pulling his hands away, he moved down her body and grasped her h*ps in his hand. He moved up to sit back, his c**k still inside her. "Hold onto the headboard," he said. Her arms lifted above her head. Cadeon turned his gaze to where they were connected. His c**k inside her pu**y. He hated the sight of the condom, but seeing her pu**y taking him inside was one of the best sights he'd seen in a long time. Using all his strength with his hands on her h*ps he slid out of her body before he sank back inside, watching her cream soak his shaft. "You look so f**king beautiful taking me inside you."

He continued taking her slowly at first, his gaze going from her pu**y to her tits, which bounced with every thrust and grind. Sweat dotted his body with the control he had to have over himself. He wanted to f**k her hard and fast. The need to drive himself deep in her body driving him crazy.

Touching her cl*t to bring her closer to orgasm, Cadeon knew he wouldn't be able to hold off his release for much longer. Her little cries filled the air. Her pu**y was going unbearably tight around his dick.

"That's it. Come for me, baby. I want to feel it." He gave small thrusts of his c**k as he fingered her clit. Each flick and thrust brought her closer to the edge of release.

Her scream as he pushed her over the brink was a magical sound to him. Moving over her, taking hold of her hands above her head, he pounded inside her. Her cream soaked his condom. He mourned the fact he couldn't feel her release. One day soon he wanted to take her without a condom between them. He wanted to be the one to fill her beautiful body with his seed. To have her filled with everything he had to offer.

Thrusting inside her one last time as his release went through him, his c**k kicked in the condom, his seed filling the latex between them. Cadeon sucked on her neck as his body shook from the force of his release.

Both were breathing heavily. Cadeon moved off her. "I'm not going anywhere. I've just got to get rid of this. Stay here." He went to the bathroom and pulled off the condom. Wrapping it up, he discarded the used condom. He rinsed a cloth and made his way back to the bedroom.

Small dots of blood coated her mound and the top of her thighs. He pressed the cloth against her, noting the wince as the cold touched her sensitive flesh.

Staring into her eyes, he smiled. "Are you going to ask me what I'm doing?"

She shook her head.

Cadeon cleaned the blood away, his heart constricting in his chest. She'd given him the most precious gift a woman could give a man. He would treasure the gift and her for the rest of his life.

"Thank you," he said.

"You're welcome."

He left to clean the cloth before returning to her. Getting into bed beside her, he ignored the time and lay with her in his arms.

"That was amazing," she said.

"You're amazing."

"What happens now?" she asked.

"You stay with me. I'm not letting you go, ever." He gazed down at her in his arms.

"Do you promise?"

"Nothing would ever keep me away from you."

Chapter Fourteen

Tate and Sean stared at each other as they talked about the information they'd found out.

"This isn't going to please Cadeon," Tate said.

"Do I look like I give a f**k about Cadeon right now? This is a serious threat, Tate. Do you have any idea the number of women and children who go missing because of this ass**le?"

"If this is the same girl they're hunting then you know we're the ones who've brought them here? Our f**king meddling could have raised the alert. Why Violet? Why risk this?" Tate threw down the piece of paper with all of Violet's past history. The crap they couldn't find through legal means.

"We need to meet her. I know Cadeon is smitten with her. I've got to know for certain before we fly out there. Speak to her. See if there is anything we're missing," Sean said.

Kevin had been silent as the two men talked. Stephen looked over the pieces of paperwork. The four men helped to fund the safety and protection of women. Sean was a known bounty hunter who the high risk jobs that not many men would come back from. He was a highly dangerous living, breathing weapon.

"What do you know about Dominic Green?" Stephen asked.

"Only that he's a high list target. There is a hefty sum on his head for whomever brought him in alive."

"And this woman could have led him to us?" Stephen rubbed his eyes.

Tate glared down at the information. He dealt in security, but hearing the crap that Violet had been put through he was ready to do some damage.

"No. We led him to us," Sean said. "Arrange a chance for us all to meet. I want to see the girl with this price tag on."

"What's in it for you?" Tate asked. Ever since the name Dominic Green had been mentioned, Sean had been acting crazy.

"Let's just say, he and I have got an old score to settle." None of the men questioned Sean. No need to. The vicious look on his face was more than enough of an explanation.

Tate ran his fingers through his hair. "This is going to get messy."

"I'll deal with it. I can call in an old team I use to know," Sean said.

"What exactly do you need me to do?" Stephen asked.

"Get Cadeon and the girl here, or just give us a chance to meet. I need to talk to her, I've got some information, and it could help us see if this girl is the same one Dominic Green is after," Sean said.

"What do we tell Cadeon?" Tate spoke this time.

"Nothing. This needs to be for our ears only. I can't risk exposing our knowledge to some of Green's people. Cadeon will run, and he'll take her with him. We need her here to lure Dominic Green out if that is what it comes to."

"You're asking me to risk the life of one of my club members' women?" Stephen asked.

"For the safety of everyone involved, yes. This isn't just about Violet Moore. This is about all the other women who have been taken to pay a debt or kidnapped. We're talking about a major f**king issue within our society," Sean argued.

They all knew there was an underlying issue with Sean. But no one wanted to air it in case it came back and bit them in the ass.

All stared at one another in silence.

Finally, Stephen spoke up. "Okay. I'll get her here. But you've got to be on your best behaviour."

The men made arrangements, and Stephen wondered how deep the shit was that Violet Moore had pulled down on them.

Chapter Fifteen

Cadeon woke the following morning with his woman rubbing her body all over him.

"Haven't you had enough?" he asked. The day and night before had been a wake-up call. Violet was such a passionate woman. After he got past her fears at the beginning, she'd been an open book to him. Every touch and new sensation she wanted to explore. Staring at the top of her head, he wondered what had happened to that sweet, shy woman, he used to know.

"I've created an insatiable beast," he said as she kissed her way up and down his chest. Violet giggled, the sound going straight to his cock.

"I can't stop wanting you. I feel I've just woken up after being dead for so long."

His c**k kicked inside his pants. Hearing her say those wonderful words was a delight to him. "I'll never stop wanting you, my insatiable vixen." He took her h*ps and rubbed his hard c**k against her dripping pu**y. "You want me, too?"

She nodded her head.

He thought about grabbing a condom from the bed stand. But that risked spoiling the moment. He wanted to be inside her naked. Cadeon was torn between doing the right thing and accepting how much he wanted her. Pulling the covers back, he grabbed his shaft and ran the tip through her wet folds. She was soaked with her own arousal. "You're always so ready for me."

Not thinking about how wrong he was in taking her without a condom, he pressed the head of his c**k in her cunt. She was tight even after the day and night he'd spent using her body.

Moaning in rapture, he watched her eyes close as she took him all the way to the hilt. He was seated to the very top, hitting the tip of her cervix.

From the intense expression on her face, he knew it was a mixture of pleasure and pain for her.

"You feel how deep I am?" he asked.

"Yes."

He cupped her ass, spreading her cheeks wide. The temptation to f**k her ass increased as he felt the little pucker between her cheeks.

She gasped. Using the lubrication from her pu**y, he pressed against her ass**le. She moaned, and Cadeon stared into her eyes, the trust he saw in them driving him crazier than he already was. Lifting up with her in his lap, he kissed her on the lips.

"Hold onto me," he said.

Her wet heat surrounded him. Her pu**y contracted around his penis, squeezing him. Closing his eyes, he lifted up and down his shaft, bumping the top of her cervix with every thrust. She wouldn't last long in this position. He wanted to feel her come before he changed positions.

She wrapped her arms around him as he f**ked inside her, her tits bouncing with every thrust. Cadeon went from looking at her face to watching those mounds dance. He licked his lips. Sticking his tongue out, he licked what he could, tasting her on his tongue.

"Reach between us and play with your cl*t like I showed you on my desk."

Her hand bumped against him setting him off on a faster rhythm. In no time at all, her breath turned into pants, and the tightness of her cunt had him ready to slam inside her. To release his seed in the depths of her cunt.

"Come on, give me that cum, baby." Her eyes closed as her scream of completion rang out. Smiling, he rolled her onto her back. Pulling her legs up to his shoulders, he f**ked her harder, watching the glazed look in her eyes as he hit the right spot. Her g-spot stroked with every thrust.

By the end of the day he wanted her in so many different positions. There wasn't going to be a part of her he didn't touch. He wanted her ass, cunt, mouth. To fill every part of her and mark her as his.

Thinking about her being filled with his seed brought him off. He exploded inside her, feeling her tight channel take all of him, milking every drop of cum.

He took her lips, slamming his tongue inside her. The consuming lust between them set each on fire.

"You're going to kill me," he said.

"Never."

Cadeon carried her to the shower, washing all of her body before they went downstairs in search of breakfast. Anne had made them a snack and left. He fed Violet, getting turned on as he watched the plump fruit pass her lips, making him think of his c**k in her mouth.

His phone buzzed in his pocket, and he had no choice to answer the call.

"I'll be back soon. Business calls." He left her in the kitchen reading a cookbook.

****

Violet stared at the book in front of her. Not seeing any of the words. The pictures looked delicious. Her body was causing her some problems, the ache in her pu**y making her more aware of the man in his office. She wanted to be with him again. Since he'd taken her virginity the night before she couldn't get enough of him. Everything he did to her made her yearn for more. Biting her lip to try to contain the need inside of her, she turned the page of the book.

Crossing her legs on the stool she felt the friction from the shorts she wore. Cadeon had brought her some clothes to wear. The denim shorts sat high on her ass. Her legs weren't slender like most women's. In fact looking at the mirror she was sure she had a small amount of cellulite on the tops of her thighs. Cadeon had convinced her she looked gorgeous. The way he touched her body made her feel beautiful.

After some time passed she went in search of him. She found him laughing on the telephone in his office. She knocked to gain his attention. Using his hands, he told her to come in and take a seat. She sat down on the sofa and watched him. His hands were squeezing round a ball as he finished up a conversation.

"Was it important?" she asked as he placed the phone down.

"Yes and no."

"That doesn't make any sense," she said to him.

"You keep staring at me like that, and I'm going to have you on your knees and f**king you from behind," he said.

Violet gasped as the way he described sent pleasure straight between her legs, the sudden change within him sparking off her own arousal.

"Do you like the sound of that?" he asked. "I think you'd look so beautiful on your knees with your ass in the air. I love your shapely ass." The ability to think was taken from her with his words. "You like the sound of that?"

Violet nodded her head. She didn't know what else to do. The fire had begun inside her at the image he'd created. Biting her lip, she crossed her legs where she stood. He circled his desk coming in front of his desk, his hand going to the belt of his jeans. She watched with rapt attention as he opened the belt and then the button. In no time at all, he stood with his jeans down to the knees with his c**k in hand.

"Do you trust me, Violet?" he asked.

She tore her gaze away from his large shaft to stare at him. His gaze was penetrating, waiting for her to respond.

"Yes," she said.

"Strip." Without hesitating she removed her clothes where she stood.

"Come to me." He spoke with such a mesmerising voice she had no choice but to follow his orders. When she stood in front of him, his scent invading everyone of her senses making her forget who she was. "Get on your knees."

Again, she followed his instructions.

"I want you to open your pretty mouth and take my c**k in between your lips." She gasped as she saw in her mind the image of his head licking and sucking her own pu**y. Slowly, she opened her lips. Cadeon ran the tip of his c**k over her lips. She tasted the salty release of his pr**cum as he worked her.

"You're going to look so sexy with my c**k in your mouth." He slid the tip inside. She licked the slit at the top and around inside the foreskin. She watched as his hand pulled the skin back and pushed more of him in her mouth. His other hand went to the top of her head, holding her in place as she thrust the hard length of him inside her. She closed her eyes in bliss as she gave him pleasure.

"Such a good c**k sucker. Even for your first time."

Violet knew she should hate the words he spoke, yet they only helped to arouse her more. The way Cadeon spoke reeled her in. He was the master, and she was his slave. She couldn't begin to understand the magic he created, getting her to open to him unlike anyone else. When she was with him, nothing else mattered. Only she and Cadeon mattered.

"You're doing so well, Violet. You're making me so happy." She loved his compliments, and she found herself enjoying sucking him off more. Giving him pleasure gave her pleasure. The symbiotic turn in their relationship was an equal share of giving and taking.

"I'm going to come in your mouth, and I don't want to. I want to come inside you again. To make you mine."

"I'm yours already," she said around his cock, meaning every word she spoke. If Cadeon got rid of her she would never replace him. This was it. Cadeon or nothing.

He pulled out of her mouth. Violet opened her eyes and saw the saliva from her mouth coated his shaft.

"Go into the middle of the room. On your knees with your gorgeous ass in the air." She stood and did as he asked. The carpet felt good on her knees. Trying not to feel self conscious of her weight, she went to her knees. Her head rested on her arms as her ass went in the air. She knew her whole pu**y and ass would be exposed for him to see. Not a part of her left to the imagination. She heard some rustling.

"Don't f**king move," Cadeon said as she went to move to see what he was doing. Her body tensed from his commanding tone. "I love seeing you like this. Are you ready to serve your master?"

There was something else going on in the moment. Violet was sure Cadeon was trying to communicate to her in another way. What did he want her to say?

Swat!

She yelped as a hand smacked down on her ass. The sting brought tears straight to her eyes. The pain took her unawares.

"I asked you a question," he said. The control in his voice clearly heard. Violet couldn't remember the question.

Swat, swat.

A cry burst from her lips. "I don't know," she said on a gasp. The pain bringing a delightful burn to her ass as he rubbed the area he'd slapped. Her breathing turned into pants as he caressed her ass cheeks.

"So pretty and red. I can see my hand looking sexy across this pale ass."

"Cadeon?" she asked unsure what he wanted her to do.

"Call me Master."

The depth of his voice made her belly tighten. The commanding tone sending shivers of pleasure through her whole body.

"Master," she said, testing the word on her tongue. In the situation of her on her knees with him in control, the name suited him. Violet felt confused as the one word meant so much to her. Master gave the feeling of loss of control. That her very life was controlled by another. For most of her life she'd been in similar situations only to be left terrified. Cadeon didn't make her feel like that. Master suited him perfectly, and she wanted him to be in control. To take her over with love and trust.

"This will be the only time I repeat myself, Violet. Do you understand?" he asked.

"Yes," she said.

Swat.

A scream as the hit took her unexpectedly. "Yes, what?"

"Yes....sir."

"Good girl. That will gain you a reward, but first I want you to answer my question. I'm going to repeat it. Are you ready to listen?"

"Yes, sir."

"You're learning quickly. Are you ready to serve your Master, Violet?" he asked.

Violet closed her eyes. The blood pounding inside her head. The mixture of excitement and pain had her pu**y dripping with her own cum. She hadn't been with Cadeon long, and she already felt it had been a lifetime. As if he was the other part of her. There was nothing he would do to hurt her. She trusted him completely. The very grounds of her trust were hazy. A man she rarely knew, who'd taken over her world and made her feel loved and cherished unlike anyone else.

"Violet," he said with a warning tone to his voice.

"Yes. I'm ready to serve my master."

Cadeon ran his fingers from her slit up through her ass and back again. Every time he passed her cl*t she held her breath, wanting more of his touch. He made her wait. His hands touching her pu**y, ass and hips.

"I love your body. I never want you to change."

She released a breath as the fear began to subside. Being exposed and open had left her feeling raw. Not being a thin woman plagued her for some time. Ironic, considering when she was younger the lack of food had meant she'd been really thin.

"You're so wet for me." He fingered her slit. One finger sliding inside her cunt as his other hand played with her clit. "Stay still."

Biting her lip to try to keep herself still was one of the hardest things she'd ever tried to accomplish.

"I don't want you to come yet."

Closing her eyes again with her head on her arms, Violet counted the time in her head.

"So responsive."

Each time he spoke the pleasure of his voice sent her pulsing with free arousal.

"Are you ready for me?"

"Yes, sir," she said, adding the last part just in case. The bliss she found from his slaps had shocked her. She didn't think she was capable of feeling pleasure from the pain of a hand.

His c**k pressed against her wet pu**y, the heat of him surging forward. She gasped as her muscles expanded around him. Opening up to let him in. A moan spilled from her as he rubbed spots within her she hadn't known existed. The pulse of his c**k sent ripples all through her cunt, and it tightened around his dick.

"Fuck, you're still tight." His hands grabbed her h*ps in a bruising grip as he slammed all the way inside her in one smooth thrust.

Their moans mingled as they echoed off the wall. Cadeon's larger body pressed behind her.

"You feel amazing," she said.

"So do you, baby. I'm going to show you how good it can be between us." He pulled all the way out and surged back inside her. Each push and pull sent her br**sts brushing along the carpeted wall. He pounded her for a few sharp thrusts. Stopping and swivelling his hips, each movement making her gasp and scream as the pleasure filled her to bursting point. Cadeon changed and fingered her cl*t as he slowed the pace down. His c**k slid over her g-spot as he slammed inside her, each time bringing her closer to the edge of bliss.

"Please, f**k me," she said on a pant. The demands of her body taking over. Violet never thought she'd be begging for sex.

Slap.

This time, she moaned as the burn went straight to her swollen clit. The pleasure intensified with each slap and f**k.

He pressed a finger against her ass. Violet paused as her hole restricted him, the tight ring of muscles refusing to allow him inside.

"I won't hurt you, Violet. Relax. I want you to feel how it can be with me inside your ass."

Everything else he'd done to her had brought her nothing but pleasure. She relaxed her body as his finger eased past into her forbidden channel. There was nothing she wouldn't give. If he wanted her ass, it was his to have.

He wouldn't give up on her clit. The sensation of having her ass and pu**y filled with the attention on her cl*t was too much for Violet. She came apart at the seams as her orgasm consumed her like a fire within a room. She screamed and shook as he f**ked her harder than ever before. The blood pounded in her ears as the orgasm carried on. Never relenting as he f**ked her with his c**k and fingers. The pounding she took bringing her closer to the peak once again as she screamed through a second cl**ax. The pleasure ebbed away as Cadeon pulled out of her ass, gripped her h*ps and plunged inside her one last time, hitting the top of her cervix as his spunk coated her womb.

With his c**k inside her, they collapsed side by side, in a heap on the floor.

Chapter Sixteen

With his c**k still inside her, Cadeon ran his hands over her ass. He didn't know what had happened to unleash his dominant side, but he'd shown the moment he landed the first swat on her ass that he'd been unable to control himself. His heart threatened to burst out of his chest as he thought about what he could have done. The pain he could have caused her. She had no idea what he was into. He loved to see an ass shine red with his hand print. To tie women up and make them submit to everything he wanted.

Closing his eyes, he thanked whomever was looking over him for the restraint he'd shown during their time together.

His c**k pulsed with the last of his orgasm. Never before had he experienced such an intense release. The pleasure went on, making him shake from the top of his head all the way down to his toes.

He didn't want to pull out of her. He'd forgotten a condom again. Cadeon failed to care anymore. Violet was his woman, and nothing that happened could make him change the way he felt about her.

"That was amazing," she said in a whisper.

Cadeon burst out laughing from the sound of her voice. Wonder and lust filled her words.

"Keep talking like that and you'll have my ego unable to follow me around, he'll be that big," he said, teasing her.

"I think you've already got a big ego," she said. Cadeon laughed, holding her close with a hand around her waist. The other hand rubbed her ass.

"I'm sorry if I hurt you."

"You didn't hurt me. In some strange way, it felt kind of nice."

His heart thumped harder against his chest. "What?"

"I knew you wouldn't hurt me. For some reason you smacking me felt nice."

"I love you, Violet."

She turned her head slightly so she could see him. Cadeon stared into her brown eyes and fell for her harder.

"I love you, too, Cadeon."

Her words turned him inside out. Taking a breath, he cupped her face. "Thank you for saying the words."

"I mean them. I've never felt like this with anyone. I know you're my boss and older than I, but I can't stop this feeling. I love you."

He wasn't going to be her boss for much longer.

Leaning over, he kissed her on the lips.

"What's going to happen when I do go back to work?" Violet asked. "Will you have to reassign me or something? I've not heard many tales of women falling in love with their boss."

"You won't have to worry about a thing. I'll take care of you."

"I want to work for you. Stacey has helped me greatly in the past few days. I'd love for her to get a bonus."

"You're not going to work anymore," he said. Violet would be with him. With his wealth, she would never have to work again. She could shop and stay at home. Within no time he'd have her full with his child. His c**k came to attention at the thought of her swollen with his seed, ready to give birth to his children.

She moaned, and he knew she felt the stirring of his cock.

"I don't understand. Was I bad at my job?" she asked.

"No, baby. I don't want you working."

I don't want you near any other men. You're mine. I love you. I want you to stay with me.

The possessive feeling inside him was threatening to take over once again.

"You can't just expect me to not earn my own way."

"Baby, I'm rich. Wealthy beyond your wildest imagination. I don't need you to work, and to be honest if people found out you were working it would go badly for me. I want to look after you. Take care of you." He kissed her on the lips. "Make love to you every hour of the day."

"You're trying to shut me up," she said.

"Not at all. You're irresistible to me. Can't you feel my dick getting hard?" he asked.

She smiled and rubbed her ass against his groin. He knew it was only a matter of time before he was f**king her again on his office floor.

"What are your plans for tonight?" he asked.

"From what you've told me, I'll be serving my master."

Cadeon moaned and kissed her on the lips again. "You're going to be the death of me."

"I hope not. Besides you being bossy, I kind of like you."

"I thought you said you loved me."

"I do, but you're very bossy. And sometimes I like you, and sometimes I don't."

"I like you all the time," he said. Violet giggled.

"I've never been this happy before in my life," she said.

Cadeon held her as the questions of her past came to him. So much about her was a confusing. Did she realise her accent came back with the throes of passion? She sounded British to him, but when she was in control, there was no accent in her voice.

"Do you want to tell me anything of your past?" he asked.

She withdrew mentally from him. Her body froze beneath his hands. Calming his anger, he glanced at the clock above the fireplace. When he was with her time seemed to move far too quickly.

"When you're ready to tell me, I'll always be here," he said. Hugging her waist, he kissed her neck.

"What if I'm never ready?"

He hoped she could begin to trust him soon.

"I'll still be here. No matter what happens. I'll always love you." Cadeon meant every word. Nothing would keep him away from her. Nothing.

Her hands moved over his, playing with his fingers. "I can't, not now. Maybe one day soon."

"That's all I need, baby."

He kissed her cheek and stared ahead at the fake fire. For years he'd wanted a real fire, but his father had replaced it with an expensive fake fire which looked like a real one. He stared at the glass reflecting their intertwined bodies. A tear slid from her eye and down to the carpet. The tear felt like a punch to his gut. Inside Violet was so many secrets, and he wanted to uncover every one. He hated being in the dark. Violent dreams came to her every night, and he held her through them.

What could be so awful she was so afraid to tell him?

Closing his eyes, he counted to ten before opening them again. She lay in the same position.

"I got a call earlier," he said in an attempt to change the subject.

"Was it important?"

"Yes. We've been invited to go to my club, Possession."

"Possession?" she asked.

Smiling, Cadeon squeezed her waist. "Yes. I've got to tell you a little information about it before we leave tonight."

"Is this the club you disappeared to the other night?"

"Yes. It's an exclusive club. Only men with money can afford to get admittance."

"What about women?"

"That's the reason for the club. It's an exclusive gentlemen's club. No exceptions."

"Why do I have to go?"

"Because we've been invited by the owner, who happens to be a very dear friend of mine. I'm going to tell you a bit about my family and the club, and I need you to be quiet while I do."

"Okay."

"I come from a long line of possessive men. We love our women, and it's in our blood that they become our whole world. This is probably true for most men, but for a select few it can consume them. We feel as if we can't go on without knowing everything about our woman. We hate seeing when another man is touching her or talking to her. To a certain point we begin to own you." Cadeon stopped. Each word sounded worse than the last.

"You're a select club who can't bear to think of your woman with another man, and so in order for you to be around like-minded men, you go to a club called Possession," Violet said.

"Yes."

"Do you nickname yourselves 'The Owners'?" she asked with a giggle.

"Yes." Her giggling stopped. "What I just said applies to you. I feel as if I own you. I want to posses you and be everything to you."

She didn't say a word.

"Violet, will you come with me tonight?"

"Are you asking me or telling me?"

"No one denies a request from Stephen."

"Then I guess I'm going."

****

Violet glanced at the dress on the bed. Cadeon had said he would leave her something out which would be appropriate for the evening. After he'd explained about the club, he'd made love to her for the rest of the day. Anne stayed away, leaving them to their privacy. She picked up the small red dress. The waist looked too tiny for her to fit into. When she checked the label, she noticed it was in her plus size.

She removed the towel and took the underwear he'd placed on the bed. The thong irritated her as it settled between her ass-cheeks. She'd never liked the thongs and preferred the full panties. She even liked those full panties that came up over her belly, especially in the winter. They kept her warm but were the most unattractive of underwear.

Violet walked to the mirror, settling the bra in place as it pushed her tits up and threatened to overspill the cups. Her stomach wasn't flat and stuck out a little. Her legs were on the larger side of being nice. What did Cadeon like about her?

Pulling the dress over her head, she cried out. The zipper would need his assistance. Cadeon walked up behind her making her jump.

"You look gorgeous," he said.

Lost in her own little world, she hadn't heard him walk up behind her.

"Could you do my zipper?"

"With pleasure."

She sucked in her stomach, worried in case she would be in for a fight to get the dress fastened. The zipper went up smoothly without any problems.

"Red really suits you."

The thong made her feel really self-conscious. Panties kept everything in. Her thong would make her ass wobble and look awful.

"Can I change my panties?" she asked.

"Why?"

"I've never liked thongs."

"I like the thong on you. You can keep it on or wear nothing at all." She'd rather have something on than nothing at all. He pressed a hand against her stomach and pulled her against him. She felt the hard length of his c**k next to her ass.

"This is what you do to me, Violet. I always want you."

"Can we stay in?" she asked.

"Not tonight, but remember as you're in the club tonight all I'll want to do is be with you."

Violet nodded her head and watched him leave the room. Most women would be terrified by what he'd admitted down in his office. She felt relief and a sense of belonging. Cadeon wanted to own her. To be with her. From the past where she grew up being alone or afraid in case someone else found out about her, she couldn't find anything but love for him. Cadeon was a wealthy man who wanted to possess her. Who would do anything for her. Staring at her reflection in the mirror she resented her past. The shame she felt being a girl of shame. Violet knew her mother was doing her best to try to help her, but she could have placed her in adoption or done anything. No child should be made to grow up fearing every sound in case of discovery.

Brushing her hair and applying a small amount of make-up, she was ready to leave. Staring at the reflection in the mirror she hoped she wouldn't embarrass him. She loved him. The way she felt had become clearer to him in the last few days than anything else. Her mother did love her. She knew that. She loved her back. But her only parent was gone. Cadeon was her future, and maybe someday soon she could tell him about her past.

Moving out of the room, she went to Cadeon. The rest of her life was all that mattered.

Chapter Seventeen

Violet stared at the big, dominating house in front of her. This was the club Cadeon had told her about. Rubbing her hands together to try to ease the nerves was not helping. She felt open and exposed. Her time with Cadeon had been the best moments of her life. He was possessive, attentive, and made her feel loved.

Loved. One small word and yet it had been the one thing in this horrid world that she wanted the most. He reached over and took one of her hands in his.

"You're nervous. Don't be. They'll love you," he said, kissing her hand and making her melt for him once again.

"This is a big house," she said.

"It's a club, set back in privacy. Just so you know, Stephen is going to get you to sign some legal papers."

"What for?"

"You're not a member of the club or a wife to a club member. As a girlfriend you'll be required to state that you won't repeat anything you see or hear. Privacy is the key here."

"I'm your girlfriend?" she asked.

"Yes."

He pulled up into a reserved parking bay. Violet waited for his lead as he got out of the car and walked round to her side.

"Don't talk to anyone whom I've not introduced."

She nodded her head. He placed her hand inside his arm and led her to the front of the gates.

"Hello, Mr. Ashwood. Mr. Knox is waiting for you in the drinking room."

Cadeon nodded and handed over his coat before taking hers. She felt jerky and ungraceful next to him. Cadeon knew he belonged in this place where she still felt like an outsider looking in.

His hand rested at the base of her back as he escorted her through the house. Most of the doors were shut, and a few couples greeted Cadeon but ignored her. She saw the way the men held onto their wives. A hand on part of the body or the woman stood within touching distance. Violet saw the difference between the men instantly. The attitudes of the men at the club were completely different from the men she'd seen in the parking lot with their girlfriends. Cadeon had described the difference perfectly. Their aura gave off a certain possessive instinct, as if they were saying, "Piss off, she's mine."

He opened the door, and she walked into a smoky room. A woman stood on stage singing a slow deep tune. The words drew Violet's attention away from the men. She glanced at the woman, who was dressed in a long white gown. Her hair was as black as night, and she had a pale complexion with bright red lips.

"They're over there." Cadeon pointed towards a small group of men. Seeing how large they all were, Violet suddenly felt petrified.

"I thought we were meeting one man, not loads."

"They're my friends, Violet. They'll going to want to meet the woman who snagged Cadeon Ashwood's attention." He took her hand and pulled her past several men to get to their table.

"Cadeon, you made it." One of the men stood and shook his hand. Violet tightened her grip on him as each man stood.

"Stephen, I'd like you to meet Violet Moore." He moved her closer. She took the other man's hand and shook it.

"Pleasure to meet you, Violet."

She nodded her head and retreated back to Cadeon. He made her safe. These men looked scary to her.

"That next to Stephen is Tate, Kevin, and the big guy on the end is Sean." He pointed out the rest of the men in line. Sean looked the scariest with a scar down the side of his face. She saw several tattoos up and down his arm.

"Hello," she said. Cadeon sat her next to Sean as they made room for her at the table. Pushing a stray lock of hair out of her eye, she kept her gaze on the woman on the stage.

"What do you want to drink, sweetness?"

She turned as Stephen spoke to her. "Sorry?" she asked.

"What do you want to drink?"

Turning her gaze to Cadeon, he nodded his head. "An orange, please."

The men talked amongst themselves. She guessed they were all catching up. The woman on the stage kept staring at their table before turning back to the room.

"So what do you do, Violet?" Sean asked.

"I work for Mr. Ashwood," she said.

"Doing what?"

"I use to deliver coffee and the mail."

"Enough with the twenty questions, Sean." Cadeon placed his arm across her shoulders.

After some time the men moved out of the room, and they went with them. She watched the way Cadeon moved around the room. Everyone steered towards him. She thought about their conversation in his office at home. He didn't want her working for him anymore. Instead she would spend her time either at his home or in his office. Being at his beck and call all day everyday. Doing everything and anything he wanted her to do. She ran the gold watch around her wrist, feeling the weight of the object weighing heavy on her body and heart.

"You look like a woman with too much on her mind," Tate said as he sat down next to her. She glanced over at Cadeon. The way he behaved when men spoke to her made her nervous. "Don't worry about me. I'm a friend, and he wouldn't cause a scene. Besides, if he did, he was in perfect company. Most of the men in this place know how he feels."

She smiled and glanced down at the gold trinket. Another piece of jewellery. She didn't like the gifts or what they could mean. Was this another way of paying for sex? Her mother always entered her head when she thought about the way Cadeon treated her. The warnings. Some of the signs her mother had said were there. Could Cadeon being keeping her just to use her for sex?

"I take it you don't want to talk to me," Tate said, making her aware she hadn't answered him.

"I'm sorry. I've got a lot on my mind right now," she said. Trying to give herself something to do, she reached for a glass of water. Her hands were shaking.

"Are you afraid?" Tate asked.

"No."

He stared at her without saying anything. "I know this is going to sound like a strange question, but do you know any self-defence moves?"

She glanced over at Cadeon. He smiled at her and waved his hand."No. I don't."

"Would you like to come with me to show you some?"

"I don't think that would be appropriate," she said replacing her glass back down.

"It won't be anything intensive. Just some moves that can help you if you're ever alone. Cadeon can't always be with you, and there are some moves I think women should be able to use for themselves to get away from any intended attacker."

At his words she thought about Dominic Green. She'd never met the man, and yet he posed the biggest threat to her life. She followed Tate out of the room. He took her down several flights of stairs until they came to a large metal door. He opened the door with a combination. When they entered she knew they'd walked into a gym. Mats were on the floor.

"This is a strange place to keep a gym," she said.

"Some men like their women to know what they're doing."

"Being protective of them."

"All of the men in this club are wealthy. They want their women to be able to defend themselves. This place is to provide them with the best possible way of defending them and make sure the men can watch their women training at all times. . They're wealthy and if that information got into the wrong hands things could turn to shit very quickly."

Tate rolled up his sleeves. Violet stared at him and wondered if she should have left the main room.

****

"Will you lay off her? You're going to scare her," Cadeon said as he watched Tate taking her into another room. He'd suggested teaching her some self defence moves that he thought all women should know. Cadeon hated her being out of his sight, but he had to warn Sean to keep his mouth shut.

"Every bit of information I get from her helps me to determine if she'd under threat," Sean said.

Cadeon closed his eyes as the fear gripped him. He hated to think of his woman in any danger. He loved her more than anything. Nodding his head in agreement, he went in search of Tate and Violet. He would make sure she spent some time being questioned by Sean.

He typed in the code to the gym and watched as Tate taught her new ways to break contact with an opponent. Seeing the concentration on her face, Cadeon knew she was in danger. Even Violet knew she was in danger. After some time, he clapped his hands and made his presence known. His woman turned and smiled at him, walking over the mats and wrapping her arms around his neck. It was the first time she'd willingly come to him without a command.

"Tate's teaching me how to be a super-girl," she said.

"I'm glad but I think it's time to go on up to the rest of the guests."

She thanked the other man and slipped her shoes on. Cadeon escorted her up the flight of stairs and placed her at the table where Sean sat looking nonchalant with a glass of strong amber liquid. Cadeon moved to the bar where the other man sat and pretended to be waiting for a drink.

"This is a good thing," Stephen said.

"Why do I feel I'm letting the wolves get at her?"

"Sean is really passionate about this. He needs to talk to her to make sure he's not making a mistake."

Cadeon nodded his head. He knew why they needed the information. Turning round to face the couple, he saw Sean talking to her. She moved away whenever the other man looked like he was getting closer. She looked terrified. Sean could be a very powerful presence. Someone like Violet would be nervous around a man as domineering as Sean. The guy didn't stop until he got his way.

Taking the mug of coffee from the bartender, Cadeon watched the scene play out. Soon the other man had her turned to face him, her attention held by what he was saying. His hands were expressing a point. She laughed and joined in. The conversation took a turn Cadeon hadn't expected. The ease with which Sean had placed her shocked him.

Feeling the jealousy rising up, he downed the hot coffee and walked over to the table. If Sean wanted to get her laughing then he was done trying to pump her for information.

"Take it easy, Cadeon. He's only trying to help," Stephen said.

"I love her. She's the best thing that has ever happened to me. Tell me to take it easy when you find the right woman." Cadeon threw down some cash before going over to the table. Glaring at Sean where he was touching her arm, he took Violet by the hand.

"Sorry to cut your chat short, but I'm taking my girl home," he said.

Violet gasped but didn't say a word. He thanked the lucky angel looking down on him. The way they'd been chatting he was tempted to put her over his knee and spank her ass. She was his, and no one else can put his hands on her except him.

She went with him. They said their goodbyes, and Cadeon pulled her out into the night air.

The moment he was in the car, he turned the engine over and was out of there in no time. He needed to get her home and sink himself inside her sweet heat. To reassure himself she wasn't going anywhere. Violet stayed silent as he worked out his aggression. Cadeon hated feeling this way, but he couldn't help it.

When they walked through to the bedroom, thirty minutes later, Cadeon pounced on her, pulling her close into his tight embrace.

"Why did you behave like that at the club?" she asked.

"Because it's who I am. I saw him put his hands on you, and I lost my mind. I can't bear for another person to want you the way I do."

"I'm not going anywhere, Cadeon. I love you."

He unzipped her dress and watched as it fell away from her body. Cupping her bra-covered tits, he nipped her neck. All he needed to do was lose himself inside her sweet heat and he'd be fine. "Let me have this, Violet. I need to take you."

"Then take me."

Cadeon pushed her to the bed. He removed the bra and tore at the thong. There was not time to remove his own clothes. He had to be inside her.

Unzipping his trousers, he pulled out his hard cock, opened her legs and plunged balls-deep in her wet cunt. He didn't let her catch her breath before he slammed back inside her. Each thrust a punishment and pleasure. He held himself away from her body, her tight heat surrounding him. Cadeon f**ked her hard until he could obliterate any other memory but the ones of him. He knew he was being a bastard, but the need was more than anything he'd ever felt. Violet was his woman. He knew this, and yet he couldn't stop himself from f**king her hard. She screamed his name as release came to her.

****

Tate, Sean, Stephen and Kevin watched Cadeon leave with his woman. Violet Moore was a sweet young woman who'd clearly suffered. They saw the pain within her and knew it wouldn't be long until her past came crashing around her.

"She's the one," Sean said as he turned to the group.

"What should we do?" Tate asked. The other men waited for the next stage of the plan.

"We need to test the waters. I'm going to England. I've got to know for sure. She's a sweet woman, and I don't want to alarm her without due cause." Sean moved past them.

"We'll go," Tate and Kevin said at the same time.

"The more of us there the higher the risk becomes," Sean said.

"Does it really matter? From what you've told me this Green chap isn't going to give up. I don't know about you guys, but I don't want to see what Cadeon will turn into if anything happens to that girl."

They all agreed.

"I think this needs to be handled quickly. Over the next couple of days. I don't want to take the chance that we've already alerted Green to her whereabouts."

****

"What's her name?" Dominic asked as his fist connected with the priest's jaw. This was the only source left in his quest to find the girl. He would usually beat up a man of the cloth, but his patience was running out. Besides, this priest had pissed him off one too many times.

"I don't know who you mean," the priest mumbled. His eyes were swollen shut, blood dripping out of his lips.

"Let me be clear about this. Either you tell me the name of Valerie Walter's daughter, or I will start killing every woman and child in your neighbourhood."

Dominic stood back as one of his goons pulled a young woman into the room. She screamed but shut up as they held a knife to her throat.

"Bodies are piling up because of you. I suggest you give me a name."

There was the battle. Dominic saw it in the man's face. The biting of the lip as he weighed up his options. Dominic signalled the man to start bleeding the woman. She screamed as the knife pierced her skin.

"Violet Moore. The woman's name is Violet Moore."

Chapter Eighteen

After the night at the club, Cadeon withdrew from her. Something happened that night that Violet wasn't completely clear on. The way he held her down as he f**ked her hard - Cadeon had unleashed some primitive part of himself. One she imagined he kept locked up inside him. There was no more talk of her joining him at the Club Possession. He wouldn't allow her to join him at work, either. Her time was spent with Anne and exploring the house, including the grounds around the house. Every time she stopped and thought about his wealth her position within his home always made her nervous. Nothing appeared to have changed with him. The nightmares were back in full force, with the death of her mother plaguing her worse than ever before.

Violet dressed in some jeans and a pink shirt walking down to join Cadeon in the kitchen. She stopped at the doorway and admired his body. The power she'd felt from his very strength had her blushing where she stood. Her pu**y melted as heat swamped her. She wanted him where he stood. She wanted him to lift her up and f**k her in the kitchen. To eat her for breakfast.

"You've got to tell her, Cadeon. She deserves to know," Anne said.

"Do you know how disturbing this is for me? You're my housekeeper, Anne, and you know more about me than I feel comfortable."

"You love her. That's all that matters. Do something before you lose her." Anne turned her back as Cadeon glared at the older woman. Feeling nervous as she knew it was because of her, Violet was tempted to turn and walk away.

"I've got you some toast, Violet, if you want to come and sit down," Anne said as she'd turned around.

"Yes, I'd love some." She took the seat next to him, highly aware of him seated so close. She wanted to ask him what they were talking about but knew he wouldn't tell her. Biting her lip, she accepted the coffee and toast. Nibbling and sipping at her food and drink, she ignored the pulse of awareness between them.

They didn't speak, which was a first for them as they usually had so much to talk about, or at least Cadeon spoke and she listened. The silence felt uncomfortable for her, as if his was holding something back from her was upsetting her.

When it was time for him to work, she went with him to the door. Cadeon turned and kissed her on the head, leaving to get into his usual lift to work. She hated the thought of staying at home while he went out to work. Since she'd left her mother she'd been working to pay her way. Being a kept woman was a hard life to adapt to. He wouldn't budge on the situation. Cadeon was determined to have her at home. He no longer wanted her working with him or for him. She spent the morning with Anne in the kitchen as she began to teach her new tricks. Baking had become one of her biggest pleasure in life. She loved losing herself in the cooking of some spread or pie. Anne thought she was a natural at it, too. As they were cleaning away their lunch dishes, the doorbell rang.

For most of her life she was use to ignoring the call of the doorbell and continued to work through the sound.

"What are you doing, honey? Go and answer the door."

"But it's not my house," she said as an excuse.

"You're the lady of the house. Whoever is at the door tell them to wait or send them packing."

Violet dried her hands on the pair of jeans she'd taken from her home and went to answer the door.

Turning the lock, she opened the door with a smile on her face, which froze into place as she saw who stood on the doorstep.

Olivia, Cadeon's ex. The woman who'd been begging him to take her back. The whole situation was new to Violet. She stood staring at the other woman.

"Hello, Violet. I thought we should introduce ourselves." Olivia moved her hand between them.

Violet shook the hand.

"Aren't you going to invite me in?"

Should she invite the other woman into the home? She'd been with Cadeon first. Surely that meant she had some right to still be allowed to move over the threshold. Violet moved out of the way and let the woman inside. Olivia moved straight to the sitting room as Anne was coming out of the kitchen.

She closed the door and faced Anne.

"Who is it?" she asked.

"Olivia."

Anne disappeared straight in after the other woman. Closing her eyes to try to calm her rioting nerves she followed in the direction of the other two women.

"You're not supposed to be here. You know Mr. Ashwood wouldn't like your meddling."

"Meddling? Really, Anne. You haven't changed a bit. I would like some tea, and seeing as how Violet let me in instead of you, it's her place to get rid of me, not yours." The change in the other woman shocked Violet.

Anne turned around and stared at her. What was she supposed to do? She fidgeted on the spot as the older woman stared at her. This situation was out of her depth.

"I guess I'll go and make some tea."

Violet watched Anne leave before she took a seat opposite the other woman. "Looks like we won't have much time to chat. Anne will be phoning her lord and master to come home and protect you from me."

"I doubt it."

"There is much you don't know, but I'm going to set that to right now that I'm here."

Violet stared at Olivia as she sat in the armchair as if she owned the house. Cadeon had rushed to work to complete some business that he needed to fix. Anne was in the kitchen. The other woman didn't like that she'd invited Olivia into the house. Violet wished she'd told her to leave when she had the chance. They way Olivia had changed the moment she walked over the threshold unnerved her.

"So, you're the latest f**k piece," she said, a sneer to her tone. Violet blushed. She hated confrontation, and this woman shouted out her attitude from a mile away. Instead, Violet sipped her tea and prayed the woman would say what she needed to say and leave. "I can see why he likes you. You've got the submissive gene going for you. I bet he could tell you to do anything and you'd do it. Fucking natural submissives make me sick."

"I don't know what you're talking about," she said. Violet had noted the way Cadeon liked to take control. Look at what had happened to her. Taken out of her normal, relaxing job. Moved into a role she wasn't capable of doing, taken from her home, and now she lived with him. Looking back she wondered when she had fought for anything in the last few weeks. Cadeon had simply said to do something, and she'd relented, doing exactly what he wanted. The life she was living had been what he wanted. A kept woman. No better than her mother. Only instead of servicing loads of men she was keeping one man satisfied.

Olivia laughed, the sound making Violet's hairs stand on end. The ear piercing sound wasn't attractive. "This is priceless. Cadeon hasn't told you yet how dark his passions go. Baby, you're in for some massive surprise."

"Please. I don't know what you and Cadeon had, and he said it's over between you two...."

"It can never be over. Out of all the women he's tried to replace me with none have what it takes to be with him. I'm the only one who knows what he wants."

"You're not making any sense."

"He's a Dom, Violet. A man who likes to tie his women up and spank their assess until they're red and raw. He likes to bring pain to a woman. To see her screaming with it."

Violet was going to throw up her lunch. No way could Cadeon be anything like the way this woman described. There was no way. He was sweet and tender. She knew about his dominance, but that had always been part of him.

She rubbed her cold arms and wished the woman would get up and leave. Anne shouldn't have let her open the door.

"You won't last long. He'll see you're not like me, and you'll join the many other women he's tried to put in my place. I don't know why he won't just propose to me. I can give him everything. Respect, obedience and a good woman to come home to. What exactly can you give him? You're a nobody from nothing. Everyone will laugh at him because of you."

The lash of words struck Violet as no other physical hit could. Her head ached, and the way the other woman kept raising her voice and pointing her finger made it harder for Violet to focus.

"I think she's heard enough from you," Anne said the moment she entered the room. The tray of tea was placed on the nearest counter. "I want you out of this house. Cadeon will hear about this."

"Doesn't matter, Anne. I'm leaving." Olivia picked up her bag and made to leave the room. "If you're in doubt of what I mean, go to the top floor to the door on the right. It's always locked, but you can open it with a combination of zero, zero, zero, one. See who's lying then."

The door slammed making Violet jump. Seconds later Anne walked back into the room. "That spiteful bitch. She deserves a good f**king slap."

"Don't worry about her. She's only trying to warn me."

"I don't call that warning, love. I call that being f**king spiteful."

The day had been ruined by Olivia's presence. Violet got up and moved around the house. She stopped and stared at the stairs, Olivia's words going through her mind once more. "If you're in doubt of what I mean, go to the top floor to the door on the right. It's always locked, but you can open it with a combination of zero, zero, zero, one. See who's lying then."

****

Cadeon wasn't in a good mood. His business was taking time away from being with Violet. So many errors and boring meetings. He wanted to go home and sink himself in the scent and pleasure of his woman. Glancing down at his watch he saw it was almost five in the afternoon.

The telephone on his desk rang once again. "Hello," he said logging off his computer.

"I'm sorry to bother you, Mr. Ashwood," Anne said on the other line.

"How many times do I have to tell you to call me Cadeon? You keep switching between my name and that of my father. I don't which person you want me to be."

"Violet had a visitor today." Anne didn't listen to anything he said. She simply moved on with what was bothering her.

"Who came to visit?" he asked intrigued about anything to do with the woman who'd taken his heart.

"Olivia." The one word stopped him in his tracks. That woman had been causing him problems for some time. She couldn't take no for an answer. His mistake with that woman had been thinking he could control her.

"She said some things," Anne said, cutting into his thoughts.

"What kind of things?"

"Private stuff. She knows about your room, Cadeon."

Anne had been with him for as long as he could remember. She knew more about the Ashwoods than any other person. Her family could be trusted. Her own husband had been like them, possessive of his wife, and everyone had gotten on perfectly.

"She's withdrawn. You need to come home."

"I'm on my way."

He finished shutting down the computer, his heart beating in his chest. If Olivia had ruined any of his chances with Violet, he would make sure she suffered.

His driver was waiting for him as he came out of his building. Telling him to put his foot down, Cadeon phoned his ex-sub's number.

"I wondered when you'd call," she said with a purr.

He felt disgusted he'd never seen this side of her before. The revulsion threatened to swallow him up.

"This isn't a social call."

"Then what could my Master have to tell me that he would need to phone?"

As she spoke, Cadeon came up with a good thought to pay her back. She loved her life and the lifestyle he'd brought her with the clubs. All she needed to do was say his name and she'd be allowed in many, if not all of the exclusive, BDSM clubs. He wasn't hard-core within the lifestyle, but he was a Dom; and what she'd done needed to be punished.

"You've broken one of the club's rules, Olivia." A club known as Ravage was the one he talked about.

"I don't know what you're talking about," she said.

"Going to a Master's home without their permission is against the rules. You'll find the punishment more suited to your situation."

"You can't do anything, Cadeon. You're not a recognised Dom. You haven't taken your woman with you or been present inside the club in months." He heard the panic in her voice but refused to cut her any slack. She'd purposefully gone out of her way to make his life hard.

"You shouldn't have f**ked with me, Olivia. If there are any damages between Violet and me, I'll hold you personally responsible," he said.

"She's not good for you, Cadeon. How can you be open with her the way you are with me? I can take everything you dish out and more. Please, think about this," she said. He heard the begging tone to her voice. Closing his eyes he thought about Violet. Her sweetness, the need he felt to mark her skin and to show her his dominance. The edge he was standing on was becoming harder to sustain.

"This is the last time I'll speak to you on this matter. You'll leave Violet alone, or I'll be forced to take matters further. Do you understand me?"

"I love you, Cadeon. I could be the right woman for you."

"Do you understand?"

"Please," she said.

"Olivia!"

"Yes, I understand." She hung up seconds before he ended the call, closing his eyes as he knew the damage she would have caused.

Pulling up outside his house, he stared at the old building. In the sunlight the house that had been in his family for generations looked gorgeous. A place to call home. When the darkness of a thunderstorm loomed, like now, it looked like a house from a horror movie. Buttoning his jacket he walked inside. Anne stood near the door. He saw the concern.

"I had no idea Olivia would defy you. I should have been the one to answer the door," Anne said.

"Where is she?" he asked. The house was deathly silent.

"She's upstairs, in your room," she said with emphasis on the last part.

Cadeon knew where she was.

"Take the rest of the afternoon off," he said.

"Please, tread carefully with her."

"I love her, Anne. I would never hurt her. I'd hoped to spare her this for some time." He saw Anne out before looking up the stairs.

The beat of his heart pounded in his chest as he moved up the flight of stairs and down the corridor to the one room he kept for his play time. The door was open slightly, and he could hear her heavy breathing. In the last few weeks he hadn't bothered to venture into the main room. He'd been afraid of what would happen if he let this side of him loose. The window was covered, the only light coming from the single bulb. This room he'd had converted when he'd first moved in. He loved to play at Ravage. He'd made a name for himself as a hard but trustworthy Dom.

He never wore leather or any of the get-up some of the people associated with Dominants. He loved wearing his suit and being every bit the dominating boss. The persona he gave was the person he was. Nothing about him faked. Everything came from him naturally.

"I heard you had a visitor today," he said, leaning against the doorframe. She tensed and turned to face him, her face pale.

"You could say that. The woman practically handing off your body the other day."

His body froze at the sound of her voice. He heard the challenge within her tone, and the man he'd tried to keep at bay rose to the surface.

"Be careful how you speak to me," he said. The bench in the centre of the room was at the ideal height to bend her over and spank her ass. He owned a paddle that would be the right size for her full ass.

"That's what Olivia warned me about. You hadn't shown me your true self."

"Olivia is wrong."

"Is she? Do you need this stuff? I thought the possessive thing was the worst, but you like to hit your woman?"

Tears were shining in her eyes. The panic and lack of understanding were winning her over.

"This isn't what it looks like."

"No? Then explain it to me because all I see is a wealthy man who has a special room to beat a woman up."

"This isn't like that. I would never hurt you, Violet." He moved closer into the room and ground his teeth as she took a step back. "Don't pull away from me. I'm your Master."

"What is this room, Cadeon?" she asked.

He remained silent, staring straight at her. This is what he was afraid off. Unleashing too much of himself and watching her withdraw from him. He saw it in her eyes. The fear rising inside her. This room wasn't what she imagined. This room had the potential to make their relationship so much more. The trust required was something she couldn't comprehend. Olivia had done a number on her. When he introduced her to this part of his lifestyle, he'd hoped to have experienced some of the lighter stuff.

Closing his eyes, he counted to ten as she repeated the question. He'd have to risk everything and hope she trusted him.

Chapter Nineteen

"What is this room?" she asked again. The walls were painted black, and the furniture blended in with the walls. The only colour in the room was the red silk sheet on the bed. The light came from a single bulb above them. The room had no personality and was an oddity she couldn't understand. After what Olivia had told her, her curiosity had gotten the better of her. She'd sought out the room and been scared by what she'd found.

"I think you know."

Violet didn't know. She didn't understand why this room existed. With the way he was about his possession of her, why did he need a room like this? Going to the centre of the room, she ran a hand over the bench. It looked similar to a work-out bench but sturdier. Putting her back to him made her heart pound. She knew in her heart that he was the same old Cadeon, the man she'd come to love, but looking at him, he seemed different to her. A little bit scarier. His arms had been folded as he stood in the doorway. She took a breath and then turned back to him.

"I don't understand what's going on. What are you? What is this?"

"I think you know," he said.

"If I knew I wouldn't be asking you. I don't understand this." She stared along the walls and at the bench, the bed. The room looked out of place, and it scared the shit out of her. Cadeon had left her for the day, and Olivia, an ex-girlfriend, had visited and now this. She hadn't expected to find this room, believing the other woman had lied about the room. Turning back to face him, Violet felt the pulse of her blood beating in her veins. Biting her lip she tried to think about all the revelations of the past few hours. Cadeon was a possessive man, not some kind of Master. Then she recalled the time in his office when he'd told her to call him Master.

He took a further step inside the room, and she took a step back. Her nerves were getting the better of her.

"I won't hurt you," he said.

Violet burst out laughing. "You won't hurt me? Everything in this room looks designed to give people pain."

"It is."

Her heart raced, and the need to escape intensified. She had to leave. To get before something happened they would both regret.

"I've got to get out of here," she said. Violet was level with him on her way out of the room when Cadeon caught her with an arm around her waist. "Let me go."

"Never. You're not leaving here until we get this settled." She fought him, which was useless. Cadeon was bigger and stronger than she in every way possible. Both of his arms wrapped around her as she tried to fight to get free. "Don't fight me."

"Let me go."

"I can't. This isn't everything I am. Please listen to me." When he didn't budge, Violet calmed down until she stood in his arms, panting for breath. "Thank you."

"Let me go."

"No. You'll run from me. You have to trust me."

"I have to trust you. A man who has lied to me?"

"I've never lied to you."

She'd never thought to ask him about something like this. Olivia had placed her claws

into the situation, and Violet couldn't find an escape. In no time at all she became all too aware of his presence pressed against her back. His breath near her neck sent goose-bumps erupting over her flesh. She bit her lip to keep in a moan of pleasure as her ni**les tightened to hard points. She felt his c**k pressed against her ass, the hard length evidence of his own arousal. "This is what you do to me. You can feel it, too, can't you?"

She closed her eyes as her fear turned into wanton need. He turned her around to face him. Opening her eyes she saw the same need reflected in his eyes. Cadeon moved some of her hair out of her face. Violet held her breath waiting for his next move, anticipating what he would do next. He rested his hand against her face, his palm to her cheek.

"This room is only part of who I am," he said.

"You like to hurt women?" she asked.

"No. Not in the way you think. Do you remember back to the day in my office when I had your ass in the air and I smacked it?"

She did remember, and the pleasure she'd gotten from the painful burn would stay with her forever.

"This only a controlled area for more of that."

"How can this be a controlled area?"

"Because when two people enter this room, they know the rules of the game going in."

Violet stared at him, waiting to hear more.

"I love seeing you in this room. What I don't love is seeing how afraid you are."

"I don't understand."

"Then let me show you." He said the words she was afraid of hearing the most. What would happen if she refused? Would that be the end of the relationship? What if she didn't like this side to him?

There was so much at stake.

"I don't think I can do this," she said, the tears falling in full force.

"Don't cry. Just let me show you how good it can be."

Violet hesitated. Cadeon being the only man she'd been physical with, she had no concept of whether this room was right or wrong.

"Trust me, Violet, to make it good for you."

There was the clincher. She trusted him more than anyone else. She could do this for him. The love she felt was stronger, and she wouldn't deny him something he clearly needed.

Nodding her head, she waited with bated breath.

"You won't regret this, I promise."

Cadeon left her side and closed the door. She hadn't noticed the lock on the inside until he turned it. The sound echoed off the walls, making her jump.

"When we're in here, I'm the boss. I'm the one in charge. Usually you don't speak until you're asked, but seeing as this is your first time at all of this, we'll take it slow. I'll be in charge, and until you're comfortable, you can voice your opinion."

"I can tell you when to stop and speak freely?" she asked to clarify what he'd said.

"Yes. I want you to be clear on this, Violet. No one else has ever had the freedom I'm giving you. Please try to keep an open mind to what I want."

Violet stood in the room and stared at the strange man she'd come to love. He was wealthy, loving, possessive, and a dominant man who needed the control. This was her chance to explore what he wanted.

"I will."

He stood in front of her. His hand caressing her cheek. Cadeon bent and pulled the pink shirt from her body. She had on a full-cupped bra. Folding her hands over her chest, she felt more exposed than ever before.

"Don't hide your body from me." He held her hands, moved them to her side. "I want to see you, always."

Next, he unbuckled her jeans, the zipper going down. The sensation of having him remove her clothes was completely different from when she removed them herself. He knelt on the floor before as he helped her step out of her jeans. She hadn't bothered with shoes or socks.

"I can see how wet you are already."

Her body aroused to accept him. Was there anything he'd do she wouldn't get aroused over?

His fingers ran up her body from her knee up to her hips. He touched her panties. She expected them to follow her jeans and shirt. The fabric tightened in his grip. He tore them in two. The strength in his arms wasn't lost on her.

The bra was the last thing to come off her. When she stood naked, the tears fell harder and faster.

"Why are you doing this?" she asked.

****

"Because I want you. I want everything you can give me." Cadeon cupped her cheeks and tilted her head back. Tears sprang in her eyes, and he hated seeing them. She deserved better than to be afraid of his touch.

"I don't want you to want this," she said. Her voice small as the first tear fell across her cheek. He smudged the salty water away with a thumb. He moved down and ran a finger across her full lips. For many nights he'd dreamt about her lips. Touching and tasting him. Was he a bastard for going after what he wanted? Yes, probably, but he wouldn't give up. Violet Moore was his, and he intended to keep her. He admired her for staying with him. The room - seeing it from her eyes would cause many women to be frightened.

"You don't understand what this is. Please, try it for me." Cadeon knew he was asking too much. Only a few weeks ago she'd been a virgin working as a coffee and mail delivery person. Now, she was his woman, and he'd given her more than enough to frighten her.

"You'll stop."

"I would never hurt you."

She nodded and bowed her head. The submissive pose went straight to his cock. He went thick and hard simply seeing her give in. She would be an amazing sub. A woman any man would be proud to call his own.

"If you like this then we will come here once every week for you to grow accustomed to my lifestyle."

"Do you live it all the time?" she asked.

"No. I like to change what I like. I can do vanilla, which is what we've been doing."

"Vanilla?"

"Straight sex."

"First, I want to show you what the punishment is for walking into this room without my permission." He wanted to see her bent over the table with her ass in the air. Having her na**d while he circled her was turning him on. He knew when he finally got inside her, he wouldn't last two minutes. She did this to him. Violet had the power to undo him, and she had no idea how to use it. He would do anything for her. All she had to do was ask. "I want you to lean over the bench with your ass in the air."

She stared at him for several seconds and then at the bench. He waited, anticipating her next move. Would she trust him enough to do as he asked?

Only seconds passed, which felt like a lifetime, when she finally moved into position. Rolling up his shirt sleeves, Cadeon paced the room to gain control over himself.

He stood behind her. Looking at his woman bent over waiting for her punishment. The love he felt for her in those moments were more intense than ever before. Violet was overcoming her fear to give him what he wanted. No woman had ever done such a thing for him.

Cadeon placed his hand at the base of her back. She jumped, but he understood. Each touch would make her more nervous. If she asked for him to stop, he would consider how far they've gotten an achievement.

"Do you want me to stop?" he asked. He wanted her to say no. Asking her would give her the option.

"No. I want to do this for you."

Thankful to whomever was looking down on him. He ran his hands all over her ass and back. Touching her seemed to help her keep control. He wanted to stop the nerves. Showing her the man she loved was still present. Nothing changed the situation they were in.

"For this first time, I'm going to count for you." Cadeon knew he was breaking his own rules. When two people entered their play area, the dominant one remained in charge and the submissive knew who was boss. In this instant he was sharing the power.

He cupped her sex, slipping one finger between her folds to see if she found any pleasure in what was happening. Her cunt was dripping wet. She might not know it, but Violet was completely turned on by the situation. Cadeon fingered her, touching her cl*t until she moaned and wriggled against his touch. Smiling in satisfaction, he pulled away from her hot pu**y. Punishment still needed to be made.

He raised his hand and brought it down on her pale, vulnerable flesh. She cried out.

"One."

"Two."

Each smack on the ass created a red hand print. His c**k pushed on the zipper of his trousers. "Three."

Stopping and rubbing his hand over her ass after the first three slaps gave himself time to calm down. Staring at her pu**y, exposed by the position she was in made Cadeon want to take her.

"Four....five....six...." She cried out with each blow. Cadeon knew she wouldn't last long. This was the first time he'd bought an untrained submissive into his zone. Most of the women knew how to behave. He looked forward to exploring this side with her. Testing her limits until she gave in.

"Seven....Eight...." He raised his hand to land another one, but her scream of stop made him immediately put his hand down.

"Stop, please." Pulling her up from the bench, he wrapped his arms around her. The relief he felt when she embraced him without hesitation would stay with him for the rest of his life. He could have lost her in the time he'd had her in this room.

"I've got you, baby. I've got you."

"What do you do next?" she asked.

"I reward my sub."

"I can't take any more hits, but I could do with a reward." Cadeon helped her back over the bench. He knelt down and ran a hand over her ass. She wasn't used to being hit. The red of his hand looked bright against her pale flesh. He moved to a drawer unit in the corner and pulled out some fresh cream. He coated her ass and rubbed the cream all over. His gaze was distracted by the wet arousal leaking from her pu**y.

Once he was done, he went to the sink and washed his hands before moving back behind her.

With his hands on her ass, he opened her wider. He fingered her slit, pushing two fingers inside her as he used his other hand to unzip his pants. Pulling out his length was harder work as the pants were too tight from the arousal he felt. Getting into position behind her, he lifted her h*ps and guiding himself to her entrance, he pushed inside her slick folds. Her pu**y quivered, and Cadeon stilled inside her. The tightness was making it hard for him to think straight. Everywhere he looked, he was transported into his world.

He pulled out and pushed back in, repeating the motion until they were both panting and begging for more. Cadeon sped up, riding her harder and faster than before.

"Please, Cadeon," she screamed. Cadeon flicked her clit, bringing her to orgasm seconds before he released his seed inside her body. They stayed in that position for several minutes, neither moving. Cadeon didn't want to pull away from her. The thought of leaving her hurt him.

Eventually, as he began to feel the chill, he moved. Carrying her up to his room, he cared for her. He ran a hot bath. He washed her, loving her with actions that meant more than words could in this moment.

Chapter Twenty

"Open up. I want to see you eat it," Cadeon said. Violet opened her lips as he pushed the large strawberry between her lips. She bit down and moaned in rapture. The sweet fruit dribbled juice down her chin.

"Let me get that." He leaned over and licked the juice from her nipple to her lip.

"You're doing that on purpose."

"Maybe I am, but you taste good."

"Not as tasty as these strawberries."

Cadeon smiled at her. Violet licked her lips. The meal he'd bought her was the best she'd ever tasted.

In fact, considering he'd spanked her hours before she was feeling better than ever. The fear she'd felt thinking about his needs was gone. Olivia had scared her by making her doubt herself.

"I wish I knew what was going on in Olivia's mind to make her want to hurt us," she said.

"Olivia was jealous because I never loved her the way I love you."

"Because I'm a nobody."

"Not at all. Olivia comes from a family who can't begin to understand what real love means."

"Her family isn't like yours?"

"If you mean about the possessive element, then no."

"Must be nice having a family," she said before thinking.

"Didn't you have a family? I know you talked about your mom, but you've never talked about anything else."

She panicked. "Please don't make me talk about it."

"You've got a past, Violet. I've got a past. Everyone has a past." She understood his reasoning. Getting frustrated, she stood and moved away from the bed.

"I know."

"Talk to me," he said.

"Why can't you just let it go? I've given you everything else. Why do you want more from me?" she asked. What good would it do telling him about her past?

"I want you, Violet. When are you going to realise that? Nothing else matters to me."

"You wouldn't say that if you knew."

"Then tell me." Cadeon waited for her to explain.

"I can't."

****

"Sir, we've found her."

Dominic groaned as the woman at his feet swallowed his cum. He waited until the last moment of his release, and then he pushed her away from him. The woman ran for the door, lifting her dress up as she went. Ignoring her, he turned back to his men.

"What?"

"Violet Moore. We found her."

One of his men, whose name he couldn't recall, handed him a picture frame of a more up-to-date photo of the girl in question.

"She's twenty-one."

He didn't care for her age. "Who's the man in the photo with her?"

"Cadeon Ashwood. Playboy millionaire or something. I imagine he's only playing with her while business is running slow."

"So, she's in America. It's a good job we're already here." He lit his cigar and stared at the photo. The girl was chubby but with a face of an angel. She'd earn a pretty penny even without her virginity intact. She'd pay for making a fool out of him.

Chapter Twenty-One

Three days later

Since making the deal with Tate, Cadeon had no choice. In a matter of days the information on Violet would be with him, and they'd expect payment. He knew he should warn them about her condition, but he didn't want to break her trust.

Cadeon knocked on the door of Rebecca Black. He needed to see her, but he'd put the thought to the back of his mind because he hated the deal he'd made. She'd been used enough in her life.

Tate and Kevin would look after her.

The door opened, and there she stood with darkness surrounding her.

"Hi, Rebecca," he said.

"Hello, Cadeon."

She had large green eyes, which were so expressive of the pain of her past. He'd saved her, pulled her out of the worst relationship of her life only to keep her safe in her own kind of prison. What Cadeon hadn't told Tate was about her condition, or fear, as others like to call it.

"Can I come in?" he asked.

"You may as well. I can't come outside," she said as a joke although he knew the hurt it brought her.

"You don't have to be like that with me."

She pulled away and flicked on a light as soon as he closed the door.

"How are you feeling?" he asked.

"Better. I think I am. I can open the door and sometimes manage a step out of the door. That's it at the moment. I'm working on improving that. My counsellor thinks it won't be long until I can go outside again."

Rebecca was suffering from agoraphobia. She was terrified of going outside. Cadeon was the only one who knew, and he didn't know how Tate and Kevin would take the news. Ever since her abuse had become known to the men at Club Possession, Cadeon had been the one she trusted most. Tate and Kevin were too possessive of her.

He followed her through to the sitting room where she had a couch for them to talk. The moment he sat down, his mobile rang. Cursing, he pulled it out of his pocket to turn it off.

Stephen was calling him.

"Answer it. Don't mind me. I'm going to go and make tea," she said.

She left the room as he answered the call.

"Hello."

"Could you come down to the club as soon as possible?" Stephen asked. No greeting, only instructions.

"Why?"

"We've got some news, and it's better to do all this in person."

"Okay. I'm meeting someone at the moment, and as soon as I'm done I'll be on my way."

The call cut off, and Rebecca walked into the room.

"How have you been?" she asked.

"I met someone. A woman. She's young, and I think you'd like her." With Rebecca, Cadeon had always been able to treat her like a sister. He didn't see her as a sexual being. He cared for her, but he didn't love her.

"Do I get more details?"

Cadeon smiled and was about to tell her all about Violet, when he stopped. All he was doing was postponing the inevitable. He took a deep breath. She deserved to know the truth.

"Actually, I've come about something much more important." He sipped his tea and then turned to her, taking each of her hands in his. "It's about Tate and Kevin."

She pulled away, wrapping her arms around her body. "I don't want to talk about this."

"They've asked for you to give them some time."

"Cadeon, I'm not ready. They're going to want something from me, and I'm not going to be able to give it."

"I made a deal with them that you'd at least see them. You've got to move on from this, Rebecca."

"Move on? You don't even know what he did to me. What happened isn't something I can just walk away from. How could you agree to something and not involve me?" she asked. Tears were falling from her eyes.

"I care about you, honey. Doing this to yourself is not the answer." Cadeon reached over and pulled her into his arms. Tate and Kevin would look after her. They would protect her. He had to believe they'd treat her better than her last protector. The scumbag could rot in jail for all he cared.

"I can't. You promised you'd protect me. I can talk to Violet and come to an understanding. I don't want anything from you, Cadeon."

Shaking his head, Cadeon stood and walked over to the window.

"You know he's not coming back. Everyone made sure he'd stay in that cell for the rest of his life," he said.

"I know." Her voice was so small and fragile.

"The club will protect you, Rebecca. All I ask is that you try. I know you liked Tate and Kevin. I've seen you with them when he wasn't around. They made you smile and laugh. They gave you joy. Why won't you give them some of your time?" he asked.

She was silent, and Cadeon turned back to face her.

"Because I'm afraid," she said as a sob overcame her. He watched as she covered her face with her hands and cried.

He moved over to the couch and sat down, embracing her in his arms.

"I won't let anything happen to you, but you've got to start living your life. He's gone. Don't let him ruin you any more."

Cadeon held her as she cried. The tears were long overdue. He wondered how much pent-up emotion Violet kept within her. If her situation was anything like Rebecca's then he knew he would be in for some damage control.

Only when she agreed and he'd got her settled and relaxed, did Cadeon leave. Getting in his car, he phoned Violet to tell her he wouldn't be home until late and travelled across the city to get to the club, which lay at the far side surrounded by forestry and cut off from everyone else.

The drive took close to two hours, and the sun was already setting by the time he made it over to club. He punched in the twelve digit number, drove down the drive and parked in his usual place. The man on the door told him he'd find Stephen in his study and that they were expecting him.

During the early evening visits the club was only just starting its day's worth of business. He saw the rooms being cleaned. The bar was having a restock of deliveries. Cadeon walked through until he found Stephen's office. He knocked at the door and waited.

"Come in," Stephen called.

"Sorry it took me so long. I was over the other side of the city. Traffic was a nightmare. But I guess you've got news for me? Why did you make me come here? Why not call me at home?" Cadeon asked as he entered the main office. Immediately he noted Tate wasn't the only member present. Looking round he saw Kevin, Sean who was a nasty rich son of a bitch, and the man who owned the club, Stephen. "What's going on?"

"What do you know about Violet Moore?" Stephen asked. Being the owner of the club it was Stephen's responsibility to make sure everyone was safe. He'd been the one to take the call the night Rebecca Black's husband had attempted to kill her. There was so much history between the men in the room, Cadeon suddenly felt overwhelmingly sick. He thought about the question.

"She's twenty-one. Her mother is dead, and she has no other siblings. Growing up was hard for her, and she doesn't like to talk about it. Violet is no threat to anyone." Cadeon looked from one man to the other. "What's going on? What do you know and are not telling me?"

All of the men looked at each other. He knew something was going on, something he had no knowledge of. "Tell me. I was the one who asked you for this, Tate."

Sean nodded his head.

"Violet Moore has a reward on her head for seventy-five thousand dollars. Preferably alive," Tate said.

A block of ice engulfed his heart. "How is that possible? Someone would have recognised her."

"It's not your public hit. This is black market stuff. Ever heard of a Dominic Green?" Sean asked.

"The name rings a bell." Cadeon knew who the guy was. Violet had called his name out during one of her nightmares.

A piece of paper was handed to him. "He's the most wanted man in the world. Dominic Green is the lowest of the low. Everyone is terrified of this guy. No one will come in to testify, and those that do have ended up dead. There doesn't seem to be a law precinct where he isn't known."

"What does he want with Violet?"

"From what we can gather, Dominic recruits impressionable girls from all over the world. From America to London and through to Japan. That's how far and wide he can go. No one can touch him. Rumour has it, when he takes a girl she becomes his possession. Everything she earns, whether it's on her back or helping to deal drugs, he's got a hand in it."

"Again I ask what the f**k this has to do with my woman?" Cadeon shouted.

"Well, the possessions go with everything. If a girl has a sister and no family, the sister becomes his. If one of his girls gets knocked up the baby is born and grows and then becomes another little earner for him," Sean said and stood. His hands were shaking.

"What does this mean? That Violet is a whore?"

No, he knew she wasn't a whore. He'd been her first, and he'd be her f**king last. No man threatened his girl.

"No. From what we can gather her mother, Valerie Walter gave birth on the quiet. She saved up enough money. Violet was an unexpected baby. Her mother gave birth in secret, and she kept Violet a secret. Most women in her occupation end up having their children taken off them. We don't know everything that happened in Valerie's case, but her daughter stayed with her." Sean handed him some photos.

"How could she have afforded this?" Cadeon glanced down at the baby photos of Violet.

"You ever wondered why Violet talks really slow and watches everyone?" Sean had seen her when Cadeon had brought her to the club. As Cadeon thought about it, he had noticed how she talked slowly and quietly. Never raising her voice. "I can see you can get my meaning. Valerie Walter was born in the United Kingdom. Violet Moore is a British Citizen with an American working visa. Dominic is looking for her because she's part of a debt that was kept hidden. Valerie kept the existence of her daughter quiet. She was schooled by a local priest who took pity on the girl."

Cadeon glanced down at the other piece of paper handed to him. Violet at eighteen. Her full name was Dakota Violet Walter.

"How did you know all this?" There was so much information for him to take in. His head felt full as if it would burst if he wasn't careful.

"We travelled to England and found the place. I've been hunting Green for a long time. Violet is the first break we've got." Sean rubbed his fingers together.

"What happened to her mother?"

"We found the local priest. Unfortunately he'd been beaten to a bloody pulp and killed before we could get anything out of him. However, they hadn't burnt his church or house to the ground, and we had the paperwork for Violet. Every little detail of how he got her out of the United Kingdom and into the States. It would seem the priest had a soft spot the girl and the mother as he kept note of them in his journal. The reason Tate couldn't find her was because she wanted to stay hidden. She has no immediate traceability to anyone who looked. She's nothing more than a ghost.."

Cadeon didn't like the thought of where this was going. "Are you telling me, Violet is in trouble?"

Sean glanced at Stephen and the owner nodded his head. "Green never gives up, and the last sighting of him he was on American soil, Cadeon."

Chapter Twenty-Two

Cadeon sat in his car, staring at the house. He glanced at the file that contained all the information on the woman he loved. She was in danger, and there was nothing he could do to stop it. Turning the car off, he walked into the house. He heard her in the kitchen. Anne would have left for the day. His life had gone from shit to worse in a matter of hours. It was only eight at night, and he felt he'd been up days.

Violet stood at the corner. He saw she was using a rolling pin on some dough, humming to herself. She hadn't looked up to see him. Did she even know he stood there? Violet glanced up as and smiled at him.

"Hi."

He stared at her smiling face, feeling drained and exhausted.

"Who's Valerie Walter?" Cadeon asked. He watched her pale and sway on her feet. Usually he'd assist her, but this time he didn't trust himself. The tension in the air grew between them. He knew, by looking at her face, the file contained the truth about her.

"How do you know her name?"

"A prostitute and known drug smuggler. She also has a history of convincing young girls to become part of the ring."

Her tears fell. "I don't know what you're talking about."

Cadeon moved closer into the room until he stood in front of her. "Don't lie to me, Violet. You could be in danger. Do you understand that?" He shook her as the fear overcame him.

"Stop it. You're hurting me." The tears in her cascaded down her cheeks.

"Why didn't you come to me? Why? I could have protected you." Cadeon knew what he was saying was wrong.

"Because this has nothing to do with you," she said.

"Nothing to do with me? Violet, these people are real. They don't forget anything." She was shaking in his arms.

"They don't know about me, and what you said about my mother was wrong." She attempted to pull away from him. Cadeon held her tighter.

"Violet, your mother has a record. She got caught."

"They were only using her. I never knew everything she did. I wasn't part of it. All I had to do was be quiet until they went away."

He watched the tears fall down her face. His heart felt like it was being butchered by a blunt knife. "You could have told me," he said.

"Why?"

"I love you."

She shook her head. He held on, but she was too frantic. She pulled out of his arms and slapped his face.

"You don't love me. You like to think you can control me."

"That's not the way it is," he yelled.

Their first fight.

"You've warned me about your controlling nature before. Do you even want me now? The daughter of a whore?"

He knew how broken she was. She looked like the world was on top of her shoulders. "I'm going to take care of you."

"No. You're not."

She ran.

****

Violet ran with the hope of escaping her past. She'd never thought her day could end like this. For the past few days she'd thought about nothing but telling him her shameful secret. Only he'd somehow found out. She didn't know how. The cold felt good on her exposed skin. The pain helped her get past so many obstacles.

Her head was ringing. Cadeon was so angry with her. Violet ran until a stitch in her side rendered her useless. Gasping for breath she rested her hands on the back of a park bench. She was in love with Cadeon Ashwood, and he knew her secret. The daughter of a whore. He would never allow himself to touch her again.

The love she'd finally found was lost to her forever. The only mistake she'd ever made was being born. She'd not been party to that. Her tears fell as the hopelessness of her situation overcame her. Life moved too fast. The changes unexpected.

"Well, I guess if you want something hard enough, they'll practically walk right into your hands."

Violet stood up. Two men approached. She didn't recognise anything about them. The danger was present, and she thought about what Tate had taught her. The few moves he'd had time to show her before Cadeon came for her. The moment one of the men was close enough she slapped him while she kicked the other between the legs. She ran before she had time to think about what she was doing.

The wind rushed out of her as another man took her down, slamming her against the hard cement path.

A cry escaped her, and then darkness.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Cadeon was frantic. She'd taken off without arguing with him. Why had she left him like that? He'd take care of her no matter what. Grabbing his mobile he punched in the numbers as he followed the direction she'd taken.

Sean picked up on the first ring.

"She ran out of here."

The man cursed on the other end.

"What?" Cadeon asked. They'd all come to an agreement for him to take her back to the club with the intention of keeping her safe until Sean could call some of his friends. The guy had a history of his own. Scary shit that Cadeon didn't want to even think about.

"I hate to alarm you, my friend. Green was spotted about a mile from your house." Cadeon didn't listen to the rest. He ran out of his house, then closed the phone and put it in his pocket. He thought about where she could have run to. Violet loved open spaces. He went in the direction of the park.

How the f**k had Dominic found out so much information about Violet? It was as if he'd been led right to her. Not wanting to think about the situation, Cadeon ran, hoping against hope that he'd been right. The park seemed like the ideal place she'd try to escape to.

"What you've got to remember is that Dominic has been hunting her for years. It was only going to be a matter of time before he found her," Sean said.

His mind was running riot with every possibility of what could happen to her. Everywhere he went, he couldn't find her. It was as if she'd never been there. The park was deserted, and Violet wasn't anywhere to be seen. Cursing, he stopped and pressed his fingers against the top of his nose to try to calm himself down. The panic he felt wouldn't help the situation. In a matter of hours, he'd found out some scary crap about the woman he loved and learnt one of the dangers from her past was intent to hurt her. To add insult to injury, the very man Violet was running from was seen near his house. His day was getting worse by the second.

Cadeon took a breath, opened his eyes and stared at the ground. The beating of his heart began to slow as his adrenaline began to ebb. Then he found the glinting jewel on the cement. His suspicions had been right. She'd run to the park. She'd probably been terrified, thinking he wouldn't want anything to do with her. Tears running down his face, he picked up the necklace he'd given her as a token of his affection.

There was no way Dominic could have gotten to her this fast. He refused to believe the chance he may never see her again. Staring at the necklace, he opened his mobile phone, pressed the speed dial button for Sean's number.

"Cadeon, man, where are you?"

"They've got her."

"We'll find her. We're at your house. Get your ass back here." Cadeon shut off the phone, the calm he felt suddenly evaporating as the extent of the f**ked up situation dawned on him. He threw the phone away from him. The device smashed on contact with the pavement. His anger erupted. He'd promised to protect her, and he'd f**king failed her.

He walked back in the direction of his house. Cadeon held her necklace in the palm of his hand. The front door to his house was open. Tate stood outside waiting for him. He docked out his cigarette.

"They're all inside," he said.

Cadeon didn't question him. He moved past and walked into his home. Sean, Kevin and Stephen were there along with a couple of other men. He didn't recognise them.

They were all talking but stopped when they saw him.

Sean came to him. "This is an old team of mine. A couple of buddies who've been after Dominic for a long time."

"He's taken her. How did he find her so fast?" Cadeon asked.

Sean looked over his shoulder, and Cadeon turned in time to see Olivia crying. She collapsed on the floor in a heap. Her face was bruised.

"They found her wondering around. A couple of guys claiming to be friends of yours. Tate's going to take her to the hospital. She told them where to find Violet."

Cadeon moved away and knelt in front of the other woman. She looked so scared. Nothing like the fiery submissive he'd known days ago. Dominic had done a number on her. The pain on her face alarmed him.

"I'm so sorry," she said.

"Don't worry about it." He couldn't be angry with her. From the look of her injuries she'd had more than her share of pain.

"They wouldn't stop. I told them and came here as soon as I could but I was too late." Cadeon held her as she cried. The fight was completely burnt out of her.

"I'll find her."

Tate came inside as an ambulance pulled up outside.

He saw her onto the vehicle before he turned back to the men.

"I want to help," he said.

"This isn't a place for civilians," the biggest guy said.

"Lucas, I'd let him come," Sean said.

Cadeon stared at the man known as Lucas. "I know this guy is dangerous. I understand why you don't want me to be part of it, but I want you to understand something. That woman he took means the world to me. I'm not giving up until I get her back. Wherever she goes, I go."

"Do you know how to shoot a gun?" Lucas asked.

"I was taught as a kid. My dad liked to go hunting at times."

Lucas handed Cadeon a gun as all the men began talking.

"We don't know his current situation, Lucas. He could be surrounded by back up. This mission could be dead before it's begun," another of the men said.

"No. This is new territory for him. He's not prepared. This is our perfect opportunity. If we leave it too long he'll be ready."

"I know why he's here," Sean said, grabbing their attention. "In recent years he's been spreading out into different countries, spreading the trafficking business into America. There are a lot of wealthy men who want girls matching certain descriptions. My contacts informed me Dominic was checking out a shipment of girls and drugs at an underground joint. It's like a warehouse where anything goes. Fighting, sex, drugs. Anything illegal can be found here." He pointed at a place on the map.

"Okay, that narrows down our search."

"Also, Mr. Green owns a mass of bunkers in this deserted part of the city. No one goes there. Not even local cops. He'd either got her at the club to go with another shipment, or she's in one of the warehouses."

"Before we even try this, you're going to have to make sure Dominic is where he says he is."

Sean nodded his head.

Cadeon listened to the plan. He knew they had a small window in which to take Dominic down. He thought about Violet. She was his main priority. He wanted her back, and when he did, he'd never let her out of his sight.

****

Violet was panicking, her heart pounding in her chest. Sweat covered her body. Dominic stood in front of her. He stared at her for long moments. She took a shaky breath waiting for something to happen. Tears ran down her face, and she clenched her teeth together.

Cadeon will come for you. Fight this bastard. Be strong.

Pain exploded inside her head as he struck her face. Three slaps one side and three the other. On the last slap, a cry erupted from her ending in an ear-piercing scream. The fight inside her had been awakened.

"So the little mouse does speak."

"Leave me the f**k alone," she cried, going frantic on the rope that kept her in place. Dominic laughed, but his men looked ready to do murder. She stared at them and knew she'd caused them pain.

Come on, you bastards. I'm f**king ready to fight.

For too long she'd been thrust down and forced to keep her anger at bay. Twenty-one years of waiting. Eighteen of seeing her mother taking the crap from men like them. She stared at Dominic and knew she would f**king kill him if it was the last thing she did.

"Do you think you're something because you've got a posh boyfriend to spread your legs? You're exactly like your mother. A whore who would spread herself for money," Dominic said.

Violet smiled. "Yeah, my mother was a whore, but she f**king fooled you, didn't she?"

He lashed out, the slap turning into a punch. The pain became welcome. The more he hurt her, the more determined she became. Every hit was like a thousand times she could avenge her mother. It was payback time.

"Is that all you got? You don't look threatening to me. You're beating up on a woman tied to a chair." She saw his anger. He raised his fist, but his second-in-command stopped him, whispering something into his ear.

He laughed and crouched down. His hands ran up her exposed legs. She bit down on her teeth to keep herself from crying out. "Do you think I'll break you? I can hit you until you can't get up. No. I think I've got a more fitting punishment for you."

Slapping her face, he went to walk away.

"She even fooled you at the end," she said. No matter how many times he threatened her, Violet was determined to fight to the bitter end.

"What the f**k are you saying?"

Smiling, Violet stared him in the eye. Her face ached. "You didn't get the chance to destroy her. She took her own life when she was ready to. You're nothing, Dominic Green, and you'll rot in hell."

"What makes you think I'll rot in hell?"

"Cadeon Ashwood doesn't give up. He'll find me, and when he does, you better enjoy your c**k and balls while you can because he'll rip them off and feed them to the dogs."

He walked back to her, taking a fistful of her hair, pulling her head back.

"And what makes you think he cares for a two-bit whore's daughter?"

"Because I'm his," she spat at him.

Dominic grabbed her hair and pulled her head back. "Not for much longer. When I get back I'm going to see how much he's broken that pu**y in. I'm going to f**k you so hard you won't remember anyone elses name." He pinched her breast which made her cry out, tears falling from her eyes. "I'm going to leave you wishing you were dead," he whispered before pulling away.

"I've got some business to attend too. I'll be back in a few hours. Keep her tied up but don't f**king touch her. I'm going to be the first to have apiece of her ass."

Chapter Twenty-Four

Sean watched the men fighting in the centre of the room. Blood covered the walls and floor as it was the fight to the death. Women aligned each wall as several men, touched them up before handing over a wad of bills to the men guarding them. He felt sick to his stomach in what he was witnessing.

This was the life most women and young girls ended up in if they ran from home. Running a hand over his face, he tried to clear his head. If Dominic was here then they had a small window of opportunity before he took Violet forever.

"Well, well, well. Sean, isn't it?" Dominic said from behind him. Sean had been too busy trying to hold his revulsion in, he hadn't heard the other man approach.

"What are you doing in the states, Green?" he asked as he turned to observe the other man.

"Old times sake and so many memories. I've got to ask, did you find little Isabella?"

There was the name of his sin. The girl he'd failed to protect.

"Don't you f**king utter her name you piece of shit," Sean said but was held back by one of his bodyguards.

Dominic started laughing. "Always too heavy handed. Last time I checked her new little owner loved her young body. How old was she again? Twenty? Twenty-one?"

"She was eighteen you sick f**k."

"Five years in this business certainly changes a woman. Especially was as young as her. She's as beautiful as I remember."

His heart stopped. "You've seen her?"

"I don't know. That would be telling."

The desire to lash out and destroy Dominic was strong. The bastard would f**king die one of these days and Sean wanted to be there when it happened.

Pulling out of the guards hold, Sean stared at the other man. "You're going down, Green."

"May be but not by you."

Dominic walked away. After several moments Sean waited until he was out of sight before he reached for his phone.

"Dominic is on the move. I'm keeping a tab and I'll be there soon."

****

Cadeon knew she was in there. Would she still want him after what had happened? If that bastard had touched her, he'd f**king butcher the bastard. No one touched his woman. Staring at the men around him, he knew they were in good hands. They all had a fund on who would off Green. As far as he was concerned there was no way that bastard would leave that room in anything other than a body bag.

They'd called the police as they left. Tate would pull up the rear with the cops. He was to stay back and until they gave him a clear shot to grab Violet. The location had surprised him. He thought an abandoned warehouse would be the type of building Dominic would go for. Instead, they were waiting outside a deserted club. The place had a sign for refurbishment. Sean pulled up about ten minutes after Dominic. He'd parked as far away as possible to try and not alert the men that they had visitors.

"Are you alright?" Cadeon asked.

"Yes. I just want to catch this f**ker for the last time."

Sean waited by his side. "Why would he come here?"

"This is one of his hot spots. Lots of girls have been taken from here. We're trying to keep the place closed down, but Dominic has a lot of cash."

Cadeon had more money. He'd make sure after all this was over he'd be funding someone to help girls in a similar or the same situation as Violet.

"This is it," Sean said as one of the men gave a signal.

What happened next Cadeon wouldn't ever recall. Shouting and shots from the gun sounded out followed by the smoke. Sean pulled him along but made sure he stayed behind him. He heard the sound of the approaching police alarms. The sound made him feel relief as he knew it would be over.

"You can go and get her now," Sean said.

"Is it over?" he asked.

"Only for her."

Cadeon didn't question him further. He knew there would be more men like Dominic. They were all over the world. The moment he saw her, tied to a chair and with blood covering her face and shirt, Cadeon lost it. He ran past the men not caring what they said. Violet needed him. She looked so lost and broken. Running in the room, he went to his knees in front of her.

"Violet? Baby? Look at me." He tilted her head up and gasped. Her face was bruised as well as bloodied.

She turned to face him. "Cadeon?"

"I'm here, baby." Sean moved behind her and cut through the rope with his knife.

"You came for me?"

"I wasn't going to let you go."

She sobbed as she wrapped her arms around his neck. "I hoped you'd come."

"Wherever you go, I'll follow. You're not getting rid of me that bloody easy. I love you, Violet. You've got me to the end. 'Til death do us part."

He picked her up walking out of the room. Whatever happened to Dominic, he didn't care. He had his girl, and he knew the other men would make sure the bastard was punished for his crimes. There were a couple of ambulances outside. He carried her over to one that held mostly women.

They cleaned up her face while waiting for the go-ahead to leave the scene.

"I bet you never thought you'd end up with me," she said when the woman cleaned her forehead. She had a huge cut at the top of her brow. He guessed the cut would have come from the pavement.

"I've never been happier. Let us get you to the hospital to get checked out before we go home."

****

Kevin, Tate, Stephen and Sean stood watching as Cadeon held Violet in his arms. The love he felt for the girl could clearly be seen by all four men.

"She's lucky," Tate said.

"Most girls would have been gone. The only luck on our sides was his greed. If he hadn't been doing business in the other side of town then he would have taken her back to the UK, and we'd have had no chance to find her. She'd have been gone, and Cadeon would have been hunting a ghost," Sean said. He thought about the girl he'd been hunting. The girl he'd been unable to save. She was still out there somewhere. Alone, frightened. He wouldn't rest until he found her.

He turned away and stared at Lucas. The other man was smoking a cigarette as the police pulled Dominic Green and his sidekicks out in body bags. Everyone had secrets, and he owed this man a huge debt.

Chapter Twenty-Five

A week later

Violet sat on the couch as Cadeon worked on his computer. He refused to take his eyes off her. She'd got the all clear at the hospital. Besides a few cuts and bruises any other trauma would be inside her head. For some reason she didn't feel anything but calm and happy. Cadeon, the man she loved, had rescued her. So had a couple of other men, but the only person she cared about was Cadeon.

Anne bought her another pillow with a tray for her lunch.

"You know I'm fine," she said.

"It's about time you got some pampering, honey. The Lord knows you didn't get it as a child."

Violet felt the heat rise in her cheeks. Anne knew about her past. He'd shown her the file before he placed it on the fire. She'd watched her past burn.

"She deserves every second of the pampering," Cadeon said. He closed his laptop and walked round. He took the seat in front of her chair.

"How are you feeling?" he asked.

"I'm fine."

"You'd tell me if anything felt odd or strange?"

"Of course. I love you, Cadeon. I know I should be freaking out, but I'm not. I'm happy you got me when you did."

"If I hadn't come when I did he could have taken you from me." His hands reached out and took hers. Smiling, she stared down at his much larger hands.

"I had something to fight for. I had you and us. I wasn't going to make it easy for him. My whole life had been about hiding. I don't want to hide anymore."

He kissed her on the hand, the small contact making her body flutter with arousal.

"Marry me," he said.

Violet was shocked. She loved him with her whole heart. She never expected anything from him.

"Please don't sit there silently."

"Why would you want to marry me?" she asked.

"I love you, and I want the world to know that you're mine," he said.

Biting her lip she glanced back at Anne. She stood nodding her head.

"I love you, too."

"Then marry me, Violet. I want to make you mine forever."

She nodded her head, placed the napkin on the seat beside her and wrapped her arms around his neck.

"Yes. I want to marry you. I love you, Cadeon."

She went on tiptoe to kiss his lips, laughing and smiling as he pulled her closer. Anne pulled out the champagne bottle, and Violet laughed.

Cadeon took her hand and placed a small diamond ring on her finger. "I love this. Knowing you'll be mine."

"Is this another token of your ownership?" she asked, recalling the conversation about owning her.

"For the rest of our lives. I'll make you happy, Violet."

"And in return?"

"All I want is your love, honesty, trust." He kissed her with each word he spoke. "And your submission," he whispered for only her to hear.

She gasped and stared up at him. Being taken by a mad-man had been frightening, but the thought of losing Cadeon was far worse.

He wrapped an arm around her waist, celebrating with Anne.

After some time he escorted her up to the bedroom for a nap. He made sure she got rest. The bruises on her face were fading, but he insisted on her getting the rest.

"Will you stay with me?" she asked.

"Not now. Later I will. I've got to help a friend get his girl." He kissed her on the head and left her.

Violet stared at the ring on her finger. The happiness inside her threatened to burst out of her. She rolled over and closed her eyes.

The bad guy from her world was gone. Cadeon was going to be her husband. Her life would never be like it had been. She took a deep breath, and for the first time in her life she fell into a deep and peaceful sleep.

****

Cadeon left Anne to care for Violet while he went back to the club. Tate and Kevin were expecting him, and he'd put them off for long enough. His hands were shaking as he drove away. Violet didn't appear to have any long lasting problems. For a short time he'd been concerned in case she ended up like Rebecca, scared to leave her home.

He drove the short distance to the club, went through the security procedures until he'd parked his car and made his way to the bar room.

Stephen sat in his usual place staring at the singer on stage. Tate and Kevin were at the bar, talking. Pulling out his wallet, Cadeon paid the barman before ordering his drink. Once he handed the drink over, he joined them at the far end of the bar.

He raised his glass to Stephen and then turned back to the other two men.

"What's the matter, Cadeon? Why did you want us to meet here?" Tate asked.

"We had a deal. You'd find the information I need on Violet, and in return I'd give Rebecca to you."

Tate shook his head. "I wish I could take full responsibility for the information. Sean found most of it. I tagged along for the ride. Forget about it. We'll meet Rebecca on our own terms."

Cadeon ran his fingers through his hair. He had to tell them, even though she'd asked him to never repeat a word about her condition.

"I want to make an agreement with you, that what I tell you must never go any further than between us three," he said.

"Sure," Tate and Kevin said.

He took a swallow of his drink. "Rebecca won't be easy to court."

"We know that, which is why we want to take her on a few dates and get her used to being around us."

"No. You don't understand me, Tate. What happened with her husband has left her scarred."

"What do you mean?"

"Ever since I bought her from the hospital she's been suffering from something the doctors call agoraphobia." Cadeon waited for the news to sink in. "She has a fear of going outside."

Tate and Kevin looked shocked and devastated.

"The reason I'm telling you this is because I think she can be cured, but you've got to be willing to put in the extra care she needs. No pushing or bickering. I want you to be there for her. Especially seeing as I'm going to be married soon."

They congratulated him, but he saw they weren't really taking notice.

"I want to kill that son of a bitch," Kevin said. His hands fisting the glass he held.

"That son of a bitch is rotting in jail. Rebecca doesn't need superheroes. She needs men who'll love her for who she is. Now, I'm asking you if you're prepared to fight for the woman you both want?"

He waited for their answer. The two men stared at each other before shaking his hand. They agreed they'd wait a few months before visiting her a first time. Cadeon finished his drink and drove home.

Dominic Green was gone. Rebecca would be cared for, and in his bed lay the woman who owned his heart. Anne was cooking in the kitchen. She handed him the travel tickets he'd requested.

He made his way upstairs. Violet looked peaceful. He pulled his shirt over his head and snuggled up against her.

Minutes passed before she opened her eyes.

"Hello," she said, her hand coming to rest on his chest.

"Hello. Did you sleep well?"

"I had pleasant dreams."

"Do you feel up to travelling?" he asked.

She looked up at him.

"Because I've got two plane tickets, first class, to Las Vegas. I want to get married to you tonight. What do you say?"

He waited for her answer, more nervous than he'd ever been before in his life.

"Do I have time to pack?"

Epilogue

"I don't know if I'm ready for this," she said. Cadeon took her hand and kissed her knuckles. The gold band on her finger delighted him. He'd taken her to Vegas to seal the deal. Violet Ashwood was his wife, to be his woman for the rest of her life.

"The fact you're coming with me is a pleasure. If at any time you want to leave, we'll leave. The fact you're making a point of trying to understand means more to me than anything else." He parked the car in his own reserved spot near the club. The security at the front door let him straight in. He noticed the looks his wife got, the men practically drooling to get more of his wife's attention. Smiling, he pulled her in front, wrapping his arm around her waist. Since Dominic Green had taken his wife and his friends had saved her, Violet trained with Tate and Sean once a week.

He would be taking Tate and Kevin to visit Rebecca soon. The visit unnerved him as he knew how skittish she could be.

"I'm excited," she said.

Cadeon smiled as they moved farther into Ravage. She'd agreed to give his BDSM club a try. They'd been through so much, and the fact she was willing to see another side of his life pleased him.

There were other club members present for the main dance floor. He steered her past them, through a corridor and down to the main part of the club. At the front it was for the people who played a little bit. Deeper into the club you went the stronger you were in the lifestyle. He'd warned the other Masters before he arrived about Violet and her lack of knowledge. They'd agreed to allow her entrance with the understanding that the next time she came, she came as his sub prepared to do a scene for them all.

Tonight, she would see what it meant to be a submissive. Tonight, he would get his answer.

A woman wearing nothing but a collar seated them in his booth. The main room was held for particular scenes. This scene would be played by one of the leading Doms. James was a master when it came to the lifestyle. Cadeon had full respect for the man. The woman who claimed his heart would be in for a lifetime of love and devotion.

The lights dimmed.

"What's happening?" she asked.

"You're about to see what it means to be a real submissive." Cadeon moved so she could sit between his legs. The booths were designed for the maximum of comfort. James and a woman Cadeon didn't know walked out.

He watched the scene unfold. The unknown woman knelt on her knees in the centre of the room. The only sounds came from the two in the middle of the room. The suspense filled every corner.

James circled the woman and talked about her punishment. They played the part of the husband and disobedient wife. She'd fingered herself without his permission. The punishment was twenty strikes with a whip. He moved to the end of the room where the tools of punishment lay. Cadeon felt his c**k stirring as he imagined using a similar tool on Violet's full, round ass. She'd look f**king hot with a red stripe from a whip.

The Master sat on a chair and forced the na**d woman to sit across his lap. To begin, he fondled her ass and pushed his fingers inside her cunt. Violet moved between Cadeon's legs. Glancing around, Cadeon rested his hand on her leg. She jumped, and he smiled. His wife was getting horny. He felt it in her body. Chuckling, he watched as James bought the woman to the edge and refused to let her fall over into the peak of ecstasy. She'd come once without his permission. One of her punishments would be a lack of cl**ax.

He raised the whip. Cadeon heard Violet gasp as the whip came down on the woman's ass. Over and over and over again. James whipped her well, the woman squirming on his lap as she took her punishment.

Cadeon moved his hand up Violet's thigh, beneath the skirt to find her wetness. She turned round, uncertainty in her eyes.

"Trust me."

She lay back against him, her legs opening wider.

He watched the scene unfold. After her punishment ended with the whip, he got her to suck his cock. He gave the woman a time limit to bring him off.

As each scene played out, Violet got hotter and hotter. When James sat back on the chair and told the woman to sit on his cock, Violet began to thrust her pelvis onto Cadeon's hand. They could see the Master's hard c**k sinking inside the woman, the wetness of her arousal glistening at them.

"Do you see how good it can be?" he asked.

"Yes," she said.

Cadeon plunged two fingers inside her as he flicked her cl*t with his thumb. She was so f**king hot she threatened to burn them both alive. His c**k would have imprints from his zipper for days he was so f**king turned on.

James refused to give her release. Cadeon saw he was fighting his own.

"She wants him to forgive her. She wants him to reach between them and finger her clit, to give her the release."

"Why won't he?"

"Because she has to learn he's the only one who can give her pleasure. He owns her; he possesses her. There is no other person in the world but them."

"Like us?"

"Like us, Violet. There is nothing in this world I couldn't give you. I only ask that you let me have this. You let me have this control."

They stared at the couple on the floor. The scene grew hotter. James was smacking the woman's ass, the hard slaps leaving red hand prints wherever he touched.

He felt Violet was at the peak. She was so close to the edge.

"Come for me," he said.

She cried out as her release drove through her. He felt the wetness spill onto his hand. He pressed a hand over her mouth to keep her quiet.

When she came down from her peak, he kissed her on the head.

"Yes," she said.

"What?" he asked.

"I'll be your submissive."

He slammed his lips down on hers. Violet Ashwood was the woman who owned his soul. He would love her for the rest of his life.

The End

