Chapter One

Mary watched as another of her pack was slaughtered by the intruder. The silver chains around her wrists, ankles, and neck stopped her from doing anything. Her alpha and his queen had already been killed in the invasion. She was originally from the city, but every month around the time of the full moon she travelled to the country to run with her pack. Mary knew she shouldn't really see the pack she ran with as hers. They only put up with her because Dani and Roger demanded they did. None of the other members really liked her. Still, the open air of the city did not compare to the scent of the forest, the fresh grass, or the feel of other wolves, even if they were unfriendly. She had not found any other pack and wasn't interested in being rejected at every turn, which was why she stayed where she was. Better the devil you know and all that. But now even that was being taken away from her as she watched members of her back being slaughtered by a man she didn't know.

She was known as a half breed wolf, which meant she had been turned by having the misfortune to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. Working late at the advertising agency where she was a receptionist, Mary had been bitten by a stray dog. At least at the time she'd thought it was a stray dog. Since being bitten she had learned differently. The large stray dog had turned out to be a wolf. Some packs frowned upon changing humans whereas others found their mates by biting humans. She didn't have a clue why she'd been bitten, but Mary had had to learn fast how to deal with being a half breed. If it hadn't been for Roger, the now deceased leader, she would have died. The dog who'd bitten her had taken off, leaving her hurt and bleeding. Roger and his wife, Dani, had guided her through the transition until she was able to mingle with humans once again. Until she'd been bitten her life had been ordinary. She had never taken the time to relish her life or the simple pleasures she enjoyed. Roger and Dani helped her to adapt. Dogs had even stopped barking at her, and she had no choice but to sell her beloved cat. Having her pet hiss at her all the time was unsettling.

So every month she would come back to the pack to embrace the destiny that had been thrust upon her. Most of the wolves in her pack wouldn't have anything to do with her because of her not being a full blood wolf. She couldn't change on demand and was bound by the restrictions of the full moon. Also, she was bigger than the other female wolves. Where the other wolves were slender without an extra pound on them, Mary had plenty of pounds to spare. Running with the wolves hadn't changed her weight at all. She didn't mind as her body stayed the same even with her eating more. Her life had changed so drastically in the last eighteen months, and now she knew her life was going to change again.

Dani and Roger were dead, along with four other men and women. Their bodies lay in a corner as the man smiled menacingly out at the crowd. His pack stood behind him obviously prepared to take matters into their own hands if necessary.

Fear clawed within her stomach. In all of her life she'd never been the type of person to search for confrontation. The man who clearly was the alpha looked happy to tear apart members of her pack. Was he doing it for fun? She'd never seen him before and didn't know what he had against her pack.

Are they really your pack?

For a long time Mary hadn't felt like a member of the pack. They put up with her, but no one wanted anything else to do with her. She was the only one who'd been turned by an unknown wolf, and they made sure their disgust was known to her. Neither Dani nor Roger knew who turned her, but they'd been there when she needed them the most, and she felt a sense of loyalty to them. Licking her raw, chapped lips, she cried out as another man's head was torn from his body.

Her stomach turned. Leaning forward she could no longer contain the vomit she'd been trying to keep down. Everything she had consumed within the last few hours came up. The pack around her started to curse and move away. Someone kicked her thigh sending her down to the ground. Fortunately, she didn't land in her own vomit.

When her stomach settled she stood once more to look at the stage. The silver from the chains hurt her skin. Glancing down she saw the red raw skin was bleeding in places from where the metal touched her. Wiping at her brow, she wished there was something more she could do.

The sound of a feminine scream interrupted her thinking. Mary saw the only person who had been nice to her. The girl was no more than fourteen. Jessica was her name, and where the other pack members had ignored Mary, the young teenager talked about her life constantly. Mary found it strange that out of all of the pack, Jessica always smelled different, as if she didn't belong. At times, Mary was sure she and Jessica both smelled the same way, but no one said a thing about the young girl, at least that she heard.

Watching the man haul the girl up onto the stage, Mary had to look away. Jessica wasn't a bad kid. She was young, sweet, and hadn't been polluted by other members of the pack. Jessica didn't see full blood or half blood. The young girl saw people who happened to change into wolves. The innocence within her eyes was something to be cherished, not ignored. Mary had been ignored most of her life. The only time she hadn't been overlooked was when she'd been bitten. At twenty-five years old she'd not even had a sexual experience with a man. It was pitiful, but being a fuller woman came with its own set of issues. She'd been on the receiving end of cruel jokes, and she saw the real intent in the eyes of the men who asked her out. Mary preferred to keep everyone at arms' length rather than risk getting her heart broken or even crushed through bad decisions. Keeping her guard up allowed her to live her life in peace.

"No, no, no, no, please. I've done nothing wrong," Jessica said, begging for her life.

Staring down at the ground, Mary felt the fear through to her bones. Jessica's pleas were getting to her. There was no way she could let anything happen to the young girl. Glancing up she watched as someone tugged on the chain around Jessica's neck. The cries were too much, and before Mary could stop herself, she'd shouted at them.

"Leave her alone. She's a young girl and has done nothing wrong." Her voice carried through the air travelling over the rest of her pack to land on the man doing damage.

Biting down on her lip she heard the rest of her pack curse as their enemies turned to her. The men had attacked before she had gotten a chance to get na**d and run. Some of the pack were not that lucky and were in fact naked. Even though she'd been this way for the last eighteen months, Mary hadn't gotten used to seeing other men naked. She'd seen more cocks and br**sts than she cared to remember in the last few months.

"You speak out for this piece of sniveling trash?" the man asked. He was the Alpha, and when he spoke Mary felt something answer within her. It was like her wolf knew his voice and was kicking at her skin trying to get out.

She didn't have a clue who the man was. She'd never seen him before in her life. Mary knew she would have remembered him from the way he looked alone. He was well over six feet, and down one arm going up to his neck was a black tattoo that interlocked and wrapped around his thick arms. The Alpha didn't wear a shirt, only a pair of really tight jeans that settled on his h*ps but outlined his thick legs. He wouldn't be put down easy in a fight, and every part of him oozed power, masculinity. Mary hadn't met another man like him. From his aura alone she was bowled over, and not just because she was bound within silver chains.

Across the distance she couldn't make out anything else other than the fact he was a giant hunk of a man.

He's killing your pack.

"She's a girl," Mary said, forcing herself to speak up. If no one else would speak up for Jessica, then she would.

There's no way to get out of here alive.

The man smiled, grabbing Jessica around the waist. "You want to bargain for her life?" the Alpha asked.

Mary nodded. Any confidence she had vanished as he ordered the man beside him to grab her. The rest of her pack tried to move away from her, hoping not to gain the wrath of the other pack. Crap. Why couldn't she have stayed home and taken to the city woods? It was guarded by high security, but she could have at least turned and gotten the run she craved. Instead, she'd come back to a pack who despised her, and now she was looking at the possible end of her life.

The open air, the never ending forests, and the scent of the waterfall attracted her more than the artifice of the city walks. She hoped to one day settle down away from the city.

"Max, I want her in one piece. I want to see who wants to bargain for this sniveling little pack," the Alpha said.

Jessica whimpered on the stage. Marry stared up at the one called Max as he approached her. He looked deadly with a scar down one side of his face. Max had been the one to grab her from behind the trees as she was undressing. There hadn't been any time to run, but she'd tried. He cut the links that bound her to the others. There were only about thirty within their pack. The number had fallen as the dead bodies were amassing.

Her arm was grabbed, and she was dragged to the stage. She didn't know the proper etiquette when it came to pack men. "You will bow," Max said, forcing her down to her knees.

Going to her knees, she cried out as the silver seemed to pull on her wrists.

"Well, you've got my attention. Now, what do you want?" the Alpha asked.

****

Zeke stared down at the woman before him. The girl who she'd tried to bargain for was whimpering off in the corner. He really couldn't give a shit about anyone in the pack, but this woman's scent drew him to her. There was no evil on her person whereas the rest of the whole pack was riddled with it. He wouldn't be satisfied until all of them were f**king dead and he was burning their bodies to piles of ash.

"Am I supposed to speak staring at the floor?" she asked.

"What's your name?" Zeke asked. Max had a hold of her hair as he pressed her to the floor. His man was putting on a good show, which Zeke was proud of. All of his pack was doing the best they could in the current situation. He was holding his shit together. Glancing at the blonde girl behind him, Zeke walked closer. The girl couldn't be older than fourteen, and she didn't have the same scent as the rest of the pack. Grabbing a chunk of her hair Zeke inhaled her fragrance. The girl was innocent, but she was still a member of the pack and he'd made sure to rid the world of them.

"I'm Jessica," the girl said, looking terrified.

"I'm not talking to you." Turning away, he went to the woman bowed on the floor. Replacing his hand within her hair, he moved for Max to grab the girl. "What's your name?"

"Mary." She had dark brown hair, and he noted it was silky to the touch. Even with his anger tightening inside him, he noticed the feel of her hair, and the intoxicating scent coming off her as well.

Glancing out at the crowd Zeke saw the anger and revulsion as they looked at the woman on stage. No one liked this Mary, and it seemed she was the only one prepared to spare the youngest girl, Jessica.

Lifting her head back he stared into her dark brown depths. Her eyes were almost as dark as her hair. She was scared, but she tried to hide it. "You're not a full wolf," he said, inhaling her skin.

"I was bitten coming out of work," she said. Her hands were out on the ground, holding herself up. She bit her lip, clearly not happy with talking to him.

He returned his gaze toward the pack. They hated the fact they'd taken her in. "None of them care about you," he said, lifting her to her feet. Zeke got a good look at her. Even if she'd smelled all wolf, Zeke would have known she wasn't. Her body gave her away. Full blooded women were incapable of being full with lush tits like hers. Mary had full hips, a rounded stomach, shapely thighs, and the largest rack he'd ever seen. He wondered what she looked like naked. Zeke didn't have any bitches in his own pack. They were too much of a f**king problem with their territorial bullshit. He liked to f**k who he liked. Once bitches got involved they started trying to gain his attention.

The only women he accepted were those of his old pack. His sisters and mother were accepted even though they were part of another pack. Also, his men who were mated, their women were accepted into the fold, but he didn't bring in any unmated females.

"I don't care. Do not hurt Jessica. She's done nothing wrong, and she's too young."

Wrapping his fingers around her neck, Zeke pressed himself close to her body. His dick fitted against her ass. Her body was a thing of beauty, and Zeke suddenly felt the desire to play with her.

Looking at Max he saw Jessica was perfectly still, waiting for whatever he decided. "If I spare her, what will you give me?" Zeke asked, liking his plan more and more.

"What do you want?" Mary struggled against him. Zeke found her struggles addictive. He'd love to have her underneath him, struggling to get free. Only, she'd be crying out with the pleasure he gave her.

Running his hand down her body, Mary paused as he stroked his fingers across her breast and then down over her generous hips. He wanted her naked, in his bed, up against the f**king wall-Zeke didn't care as long as she was with him.

"What do I want?" he asked, staring out over the hall. None of them would miss Mary, and he wasn't a cruel man. Jessica didn't know the shit her pack had caused, and sparing her wouldn't hurt him. Max was holding Jessica tightly, yet he wasn't harming her. There was nothing vicious in the way he held onto her. They were not intentionally mean wolves. They were searching for justice. "Look at them, Mary." He made her voice a caress as he said her name. She tensed as he spoke her name. "They would rather see you slaughtered."

Mary gasped, and he banded his arm around her waist, holding her close.

"Jessica is innocent," she said.

He was taller than she was, and he saw the tears spilling down her face. This pack may have allowed her to run with them, but none of them wanted anything to do with her. They'd rather see her burn than try to help her. His disgust was back again in full force. Zeke's pack would accept her. They would stick together and make sure she wouldn't be hurt. Being a woman bitten she wouldn't have the same temperament as a full blooded bitch. They took care of their own. Even when his sisters stayed with him, his men respected them, took care of them, and made sure they were cared for. Zeke trusted his men with everything, and because of that, he made sure to treat them with respect.

"The question is, Mary, what wouldn't you do?" Zeke asked.

She tensed in his arms, and he scented another smell from her, desire. The woman in his arms was attracted to him even as she was frightened. Smiling, Zeke turned her to face him.

"What do you want?" Mary asked. Tears fell down her cheeks.

"It's quite simple, sweetheart. I will spare the girl if you agree to become my toy for the next month," Zeke said. He caressed her ass loving the way she quivered underneath his touch.

"I can't. I've got commitments."

He nodded at Max, who jerked Jessica harshly making her cry out.

"Then I suggest you change your plans for the next month. I want you with me for one month until the next full moon. If I get anything less, she dies."

Jessica whimpered, screaming as Max tightened his grip on her again.

"No, stop. I'll do something. I agree," Mary said, shouting over the noise the woman was making.

"You'll agree to be my toy. To let me play with you whenever I want, however I want?" he asked.

"Yes." Her voice was breathless. Did she like the thought of being his own personal toy? Zeke looked forward to getting her to his home. All the things he could do to her made him yearn to get her home quickly without finishing what he'd come to do. His men could finish off what he started, and he'd be happy to get his woman in his bed.

Fuck, his c**k tightened at the thought of sinking into her tight, warm pu**y.

"Max, do you have the girl?" Zeke asked.

"Yes."

"Good. Tie her together with this one. We'll take them home when we're done."

Zeke handed Mary over to his man turning toward the crowd. Rage consumed him, and he knew what he wanted to do to rid his life of the f**kers.

"Wait, what are you doing?" Mary asked.

"You asked to spare Jessica. Consider her spared. You never asked anything about the others. They're going to die." With them chained together it wasn't going to be much fun.

He watched Max wrap the silver chain around the woman. The steam rose from Max's hands as he touched the silver. His man would need some care when they got back to Zeke's house. Max's wife would take care of him.

"No, please, spare them as well."

"No, baby. Not even the pleasure of your ass for longer than a month would let me spare them." The silver chain was wrapped around Jessica and then tied to one of the posts. There was no way the two women would escape. He didn't know what he was going to do with Jessica, but he wouldn't hurt her. Mary had seen to that, and he wasn't a bastard who went back on his word. His word meant something to him. Maybe he was a bit old school, but he didn't care. No one would ever say he would back out on his word.

Turning away, he gave the nod to his men to release the chains. Once the silver was gone, the pack turned into wolf form and ran. A few of them didn't waste time to turn and had started running. Before he took Mary to bed he needed to run off some of his energy. Otherwise he'd hurt her with the need to hurt that currently consumed him.

He counted to three, taking time between each number. His men were already turning, waiting for the right time to strike. Smiling, he spoke the final word and allowed the change to happen. Howling up to the moon, he chased after the first person that wasn't part of his pack. The night was going to run red with the blood of his enemies.

Chapter Two

"Why did you do that?" Jessica asked. This was the first time Mary had been close to the young girl. She always tried to keep to herself as she knew the disgust the other pack had for her. It wasn't like her half breed blood was going to jump out and change the other members of the pack. She heard the sounds of the men and women as they ran for their lives. The pain coming from them in animal and human form scared the life out of her. She'd never heard anything so horrid as the sound of death.

"Why did I do what?" Mary asked, glancing at the blonde. Jessica was slender, beautiful, and would be a wonderful wolf one day.

"Ask them to spare me? You've given yourself to that monster in order to save my life. I don't understand." Jessica's eyes were red and swollen from crying. She winced every time the noise of a fallen pack member echoed throughout the night.

"I did what I had to. You don't deserve to die when you've not even lived. Whatever problem this pack has with ours, they're not going to think about who they kill." Mary cried out as the silver worked under her shirt and banded around her waist. Why couldn't she have developed a liking to silver rather than be allergic to it?

"Try to stay still and it won't itch," Jessica said.

Nodding, Mary stayed still to find the silver was uncomfortable but didn't hurt anymore. "Thank you, and that is the reason why I had to spare you."

"Why? No one else would have. They act like nice people, but they wouldn't have spared me."

"You've been nice to me, Jessica. I couldn't let anyone hurt you. Put it down to me not being a full breed or blood or whatever it is you all call me."

They were silent once again. The sounds of their fallen pack were getting quieter and fewer. There wouldn't be any left within a few minutes. "I'm sorry about the rest of your pack," Mary said.

"Don't worry. I'm not. They probably deserved what is coming to them." The anger in Jessica's voice startled Mary.

Within the hour Max and Zeke were back. Zeke was buttoning up his jeans. The action was purely male, and her pu**y pounded as a shot of lust struck her hard. The intense feeling startled Mary making her tense.

Jessica remained still, staring past Mary's shoulder.

"Are you okay to bring Jessica to the house?" Zeke asked.

Max nodded working the silver chain from around them.

"I'm going to take Mary. I'm sure we have much to discuss."

Her body was itching all over from the chains and also from the way Zeke was making her feel.

You're his toy. You're not here willingly.

She tried to cut off all of her lustful thoughts about the man in front of her. Could her need for him have anything to do with her virgin state? Mary hoped not. She wasn't ready to fall for a man she didn't know.

You're going to be ha**ng s*x with him by the end of the night. Virgin no longer.

When she'd made the agreement to be with him, Mary hadn't thought about that little hiccup. Shit, she hoped it didn't hurt. There was no way she could stand for him to know he would be her first.

Probably her last, too, seeing as she never trusted a male's company.

The silver moved up her skin creating a burning path of pain. Falling to her knees, she cried out as the pain got too much.

Quickly the silver left her skin, and Mary gasped. "Silver is not supposed to be like that," Zeke said, helping her to her feet.

"I don't suppose being allergic to silver as a human wouldn't have helped." She always had a severe reaction to silver jewelry and always had to go for gold or not bother at all.

"As a wolf that pain would be magnified," Zeke said.

"I guess." The silver f**king hurt.

She watched Jessica being led away and started struggling within Zeke's arms. "You're not going to hurt her, are you?"

"We have a deal. I keep my word."

"You've just slaughtered my entire pack. Forgive me if I don't believe you."

Zeke threw his head back and laughed. The hand on her arm tightened. It didn't hurt, but she knew there was no chance of escape. He would stop her from going anywhere.

"It's nice to know your bite hasn't been taken from you." He moved in close, inhaling her scent. "God, I can't wait to see if your pu**y is as tight as I imagine."

Crossing her legs, she glared at him.

"Crossing your legs is not going to keep my dick from you. You're going to have me everywhere." His hand moved to her ass, gripping her flesh tight. "Your ass, mouth, cunt, and tits are all mine."

Don't be turned on.

She was a virgin, but she wasn't immune to the lust. Since she'd been bitten, the sexual urges within her had grown strong. There was nothing she could do to stop the cravings. Those very same cravings had forced her to start buying p**n movies in an attempt to find some kind of release with her own hand. In the last year alone she imagined she'd masturbated more than in the whole of her life. At twenty-five years old it was quite pitiful.

"Ah, I see you like the sound of that." Zeke leaned in close pressing his nose against the curve of her neck. If he was to bite her neck he'd kill her. Her pulse pounded, and she tried to calm down. If he was to take a chunk out of her neck he'd take a major artery, and being a half breed she wouldn't be able to survive such an attack. She hoped he would take into account her more human side. "You want my dick, don't you?"

Licking her lips, she stared past his shoulder wishing there was something else she could be doing.

"You're not going to answer. I can live with that. I'll have you begging soon enough." Together they walked out into the night. The warm air washed over her, and she gasped. The scent of the night air called to her wolf, begging to be released. This was the first time she'd kept her change within her. The moment the full moon was high in the night sky she liked to change. The next three days were important to her as it kept the sickness at bay. When she hadn't turned one month because she could no longer stand the treatment of the pack, she'd been ill for the entire month. Work had been horrid as she couldn't stand the noises and scents. The only way she could keep focus was if she turned every full moon.

"Your pack were ass**les," Zeke said, taking her away from the open land toward the tree line. She heard the sound of the flowing water of the river and waterfall she knew was there. The first time she'd found it, Mary hadn't left the waterfall for the entire weekend of the full moon.

"What are you talking about?" she asked, trying to keep up with his pace. He was well over six feet, and she was struggling to keep up with his long strides at her own five foot six.

"There are ways and means to keep the wolf at bay. There are half breeds out there who cannot turn every full moon. They have ways and means to handle themselves. Running, working out, even taking a cold water bath can help with the cravings."

Mary hadn't heard of other ways. Looking back none of the pack wanted to talk to her. Roger and Dani had been nice, but once she controlled the turning and knew what she was doing neither of her leaders offered any advice. In fact, besides Jessica, no one spoke to her at all. It was like she didn't exist to anyone. They kept the small room at their house for her to stay in, but she felt more like a pet than a member of the pack.

Shaking her head, she kept up with Zeke's paces.

"I don't know what you're talking about," she said.

"No, you wouldn't."

She recognized where he was going as they walked up the incline of the forest. He was taking her to the top of the waterfall. Mary concentrated on climbing. Before long she felt out of breath. Zeke kept hold of her arm leading her up to the top.

"I don't trust your wolf, and it's time for you to know how to control your wolf. Some of the half breeds can't even wait to the full moon before turning."

When they got to the top she looked down at the water below. "Why are we here?" she asked.

"It's time for you to know how to handle yourself."

Before she could ask what he meant, he pushed her over the edge. Screaming, Mary panicked seconds before she plunged into the water below.

****

Jumping over the edge, Zeke followed her down. He'd met a half breed in the city, and they'd become close. During their time together, Zeke asked the man how he'd stopped himself from the turning. The man had been bitten by a female wolf. She'd helped him through the change, but she'd been turned out by her pack for turning a mate.

Zeke didn't have a problem with half breeds, and he was friends with the young couple. They were not part of his pack as neither of them wanted to be part of a pack.

The water surrounded him, and he pushed up to the surface, gasping for air. The rush was amazing, and he knew he'd be coming a lot more to jump over the edge. Mary screamed out, pushing the hair out of her eyes. Laughing, Zeke dipped down. The water wasn't cold as it was turning out to be one of the hottest Augusts ever. He loved the heat as it meant not many clothes needed to be worn. The one thing he hated about life in the city was the fact he had to wear clothes to work. Zeke loved being naked, and even though he could afford not to go to work, he'd go insane if he wasn't kept busy. Working in a busy office kept him driven and also challenged him with the noises and scents. He'd f**ked plenty of women in his office, and he'd picked them out because of their response to him.

The scent of a welcoming pu**y drove him insane.

"What the f**k were you thinking?" Mary asked, screaming.

He swam over to her, wrapping his arms around her, laughing. "What a rush."

"I could have died." She hit him hard. "I'm not some f**king rag doll you can test to see how much you can do until I break. I'm human!"

Taking hold of her face, Zeke forced her to look at him. "Is your wolf begging to get out? Are you struggling to keep the little bitch contained?"

She paused in fighting him.

"See, she's not there, is she? You can think without having to deal with her clawing her way out of you." He stared into her eyes knowing what he said was the truth.

"How? Only allowing the change has done that." She was swimming with him without trying to get away.

"You gave your body the same rush the wolf needs. You've put her to bed. I'm not saying it will last, and I wouldn't advise jumping off a building onto concrete, but there are ways and means for you to survive without turning."

Mary ran her hand over her face pushing the loose strands of hair out of the way.

Staring into her dark brown eyes, Zeke wanted to see those eyes begging him to f**k her. Taking hold of her arm, he moved toward the edge and climbed out, picking her up out of the water. The shirt she wore clung to her curves, showing off the hard buds of her ni**les. What would she taste like?

No, he wasn't going to have a taste of her now. He scented her innocence, and taking her outside wouldn't be the best idea he had.

"It's time for us to go." He kept hold of her arm as he walked back to where his car was parked. Zeke had planned the attack long ago, and tonight he'd made sure to hide any scent of his approach with the fumes from the car. Wolves wouldn't have suspected anything from cars. The fumes had given him and his pack the time to get close before they struck.

Easing her into the passenger seat, he strapped her inside before going around to the other side.

"You drove here in a car?" she asked.

He didn't answer her. Zeke felt the anticipation of what was to come.

She stayed silent, sitting back to look out of the window. The scent of her innocence was distracting him. Having a wolf's scent was not always accurate. At the moment he couldn't smell if Mary had been with another man. Usually women carried the scent of their partner for a long time. Mary had no other scent beside her own, and it was what drew him to her as well. She could be innocent because of how different she smelled from the rest of her pack, or she could even be a virgin. Shit, he hoped she wasn't a virgin. What he wanted to do with her was not for a virgin to know.

"Is there a man waiting for you back home?" he asked. It wouldn't be the first time a woman had f**ked him when there was a man waiting for them.

"If I had a man I wouldn't have agreed to be your toy." She folded her arms, showing him she was pissed.

"You'd be surprised how many women would have f**ked me and then gone back to a human male," he said.

"I'm not one of them. I would never cheat on a man in my life, ever." She was silent for several seconds. "How could I even have a man with my ... condition?"

"Plenty of women are still out there enjoying men who have the ... condition." He smiled thinking about his own condition. There was nothing wrong with being a wolf. Zeke found being a shifter helped him in his life. The sense of smell helped and also the fact he could hold his own in a fair fight. He'd lived with being a wolf his whole life as he was born into it.

His family had come from a long line of wolves. Zeke hoped to pass it on like his sisters would when they had children. Thinking about his sisters made him somber and reminded him of why he was taking out the other pack.

"Either way, I wouldn't have agreed to be your toy if there was a man waiting for me." She spoke the truth, and he admired her for it.

Zeke still wasn't closer to finding out if she was virgin or not.

"How many partners have you had?" he asked.

She turned and glared at him. "It's none of your business."

He moved his way around the road working past a bend. Zeke wondered what Max had done with Jessica. He wasn't worried about the other man hurting Jessica. They were not monsters, and the girl would be protected.

"Will I be allowed to use a phone when we get to wherever you're taking me?" she asked.

"Yes. If you think to call the police on me then I'll kill you."

Mary burst out laughing. "What would I say? 'Hey, police officer, I've been kidnapped and held against my will because I wanted to protect a woman from being killed. Also, I'm part wolf and this is all pack business.'"

Zeke smiled even though he didn't want to.

"I may be a half breed, but I know the laws. I cannot bring humans into this." She turned to look out the window. "I'm alone in this."

"Do you know who bit you?" he asked, changing the subject. He knew she wouldn't phone the police. There was no use for the law, and no human would win against a wolf.

She shook her head. "No. I was coming out of work, and there was this dark black dog. At least, I thought it was a dog, and I didn't think much of it until I collapsed on the pavement within minutes of the bite. I thought I was burning from the inside out."

Zeke listened as she talked. He liked the sound of her voice and knew he could listen to her all day without a problem. Pulling toward the gate where he and his pack lived during the days of the full moon, he turned to look at her.

"Where are we?" she asked.

"I come from a long line of wolves. Over time we've bought property to help build our packs. This is mine. You'll meet some of my pack. Be warned, they're all men. I can't stand bitches around me during the moon."

Climbing out of the car he heard her mutter, "sexist pig". Smiling, Zeke loved the bark within her. Taming her would be a challenge he looked forward to.

Pressing the intercom button he asked who was there.

"It's Dave, sir."

"Dave, let me in. Has Max settled the girl?" he asked.

"Yes. She's been fed and walked as well."

Chuckling, Zeke headed back to the car. The electric gates opened, and he drove through. His home was his pride and joy. It had once belonged to his great grandfather and now it belonged to him. Alphas who were born into a pack had the option of staying and learning to submit to the current Alpha. They could fight for the position, but then a problem occurred if the pack didn't agree with you or you could leave the pack as a friend and start your own. Zeke had gone for the latter. He'd never been the kind of man to take orders. His father had prepared him to leave the pack at an early age. Zeke could never fight his father, who was still the Alpha. This way helped keep the packs strong. When the time was right, his father would step down and the pack would vote for a new alpha, but until that time, his father stood as the leader.

Parking the car he climbed out, going around to Mary. She was already opening her door and getting out. His night was looking up.

Chapter Three

Staring up at the house in front of her, Mary wondered how she was going to handle the coming month. Her job was secure as she had vacation time coming up. This man who owned her for the next month clearly had plenty of money to back his pack.

He wiped out your pack.

Jessica was safe. Mary could cope knowing she'd saved the young girl. What was she going to do when the month came to an end? With no pack she wasn't welcome to just any pack. Several would hurt her at the very least, or even kill her. Crap. She didn't even know if she wanted to join another pack. Life as a half breed was already hard seeing as she couldn't talk with anyone about the problems she encountered, like the heat she suffered.

Reaching out, she touched Zeke's na**d arm. His flesh was firm and hard to the touch. Taking her arm away, she felt like her fingers were on fire.

He looked at his arm and then at her fingers, smirking. "Baby, I'm going to be buried balls deep inside you. You better get used to my touch, or you're in big trouble."

She took a breath and looked him in the eye. Her cheeks felt hot from his words.

"I've got no pack and nowhere else to run," she said.

Zeke raised a brow, staring at her.

"Erm, I was wondering if you could teach me some of those skills to keep my wolf at bay."

He folded his arms, observing her.

Mary started to squirm under his scrutiny.

"Yeah, I'll help you with one condition."

Rolling her eyes, she stared behind her wishing she could escape.

"What's the condition?" she asked.

Zeke moved in closer, and she took a step back. He wrapped an arm around her back, drawing her back in close. "You tell me here and now, are you a virgin?"

"That's not a condition. You want an answer to a question."

"Either way, answer me."

What the hell was going on? Why did he want to know about her being a virgin? Shit, she was too embarrassed. Staring up and down the length of his body, she couldn't bring herself to tell him the truth. He would have been with lots of women. Surely no one would notice a small little detail such as a hymen.

"No, I'm not a virgin." She lied to his face, and the moment the words left her lips, Mary wished she could take them back. He stared into her eyes, and she couldn't say a word.

"Good." He led her toward the front door where Max stood.

"Take her to the kitchen for food. Make sure she eats some food." Zeke moved away, leaving her in the hands of Max.

"Wait, what about Jessica? Is she safe?" Mary asked, concerned about the young girl.

"She's been fed, watered, and walked."

Jerking out of his arm she glared at him. "She's not a dog."

Max chuckled. "I never said she was. Jessica, the blonde, is resting. It has been a long night for her."

They walked past several men. All of them inhaled as she passed.

"Do I smell or something?" she asked.

"Or something." Max opened the far door where a woman was stood over a stove. Mary frowned.

"I thought he said there were no women in his pack." Mary was confused as the dark haired woman turned to smile at her.

"Zeke doesn't allow women into the pack. I'm Max's half breed mate." The woman moved toward Max with a smile. "I'm Jane."

Taking the woman's hand, she smiled. "I'm Mary."

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Mary. I'm sure you're hungry. Please, sit." The woman had curves, which gave away her half breed status. Sitting at the table, Mary saw several men looking at them from the corner.

A bowl with three chunks of bread was placed in front of her. "I'm allowed to stay because I'm a half breed, and I don't want anything to do with the other men. Don't get me wrong. They're like family, but I love Max."

Max had left through the far door to the outside air. She saw Zeke through the glass window on the phone. Mary couldn't hear a word they were saying to each other.

"Why would other women be a problem?" she asked.

"Haven't you ever been to a pack with bitches trying to get your man? I tell you, in the human world men are the horn dogs, but in this world, women are the worst. They cannot leave a man alone. It's f**king infuriating." Jane sat opposite her, eating some food. "We visited a pack up north in the Rocky Mountains. I went with Max, and the women of the pack were trying to f**k him right in front of me." Jane stopped eating and fisted her hand. "They think because we're half breed we're not worth the male's time. Those women with their slender h*ps piss me off."

Mary smiled. "It was, erm, the men in the pack I was with didn't like me. I was too fat." Heat filled her cheeks at the sympathy in Jane's eyes.

"Honey, there are men out there who like a bit of meat on their women. Max doesn't even allow me to go on a diet anymore. He banned diets and all healthy food from the house. Max considers his passions the best kind of exercise."

It was Jane's turn to grow red in the face.

Smiling, Mary found herself liking Max from Jane's description.

Glancing to the far wall she saw the men were still watching them. "Why are they staring?" she asked.

"The men stare, Mary. When I tell you men like their women with meat, well, some of the men in Zeke's pack are the ones who love us women with curves." Jane started eating.

Feeling their stares, Mary struggled to eat. With only half of it eaten she stood, finished.

Jane stopped her. "Zeke has orders, and I'm not in the dark, Mary. Sit, eat, you need to keep your strength up."

Sitting back down, Mary picked her spoon up like a scolded child.

"She giving you trouble?" Zeke asked, entering the kitchen with Max behind him. Keeping her head bowed over her food, Mary tried to ignore the warmth his voice created in her body. No man should have that kind of power.

"Not at all. I like her, Zeke. You better be keeping her."

Mary couldn't believe they were talking about her as if she wasn't there. Max seemed to take pity on her as he took Jane in his arms. "Stop matchmaking, woman. You've got me to take care of."

"Baby, I want others to find the kind of happiness that we have."

Max slapped Jane on the ass. "Come on, you can show me some lovin'."

The two disappeared out of the door. She noticed the men who'd been staring at her had disappeared as well.

Zeke served himself some soup. Mary ate her own and was surprised as Zeke took two more bowls and ate a loaf of bread with his food.

When he was finished, he stood, did the dishes, and then moved to her. She'd never known another man to be able to eat more than her.

There's not any man to compare it to.

"Come on." He took her hand and led her upstairs. Zeke stopped on the third floor, opening a door.

One aspect of her turning was that she was now able to see in the dark well. Jessica lay on her side, fast asleep. "She'll be cared for."

Nodding, she followed him upstairs. There were not many people around. "Where is everyone?"

"After a run some stay behind until the morning. Others leave after a run. This is not a prison, Mary. This house is for my pack to run and be free."

Not saying anything she walked into his bedroom, which was dominated by a square bed at the far wall. She saw the four posts surrounded it and what had her gasping were the silk ties wrapped around each post. Mary had watched enough bondage videos to know what they were.

Turning around, she jumped as the door shut and locked.

"Take your clothes off," Zeke said. He was leaning against the door. She watched him pocket the key. "You're my toy, Mary. I think I've been very nice, and now I want payment."

He took a step into the room.

She moved back as he advanced toward her. There was nowhere for her to run. Facing him, Mary knew this was what she signed up for.

Think about the need. The burning fire and the ache you've been having. Give in.

For one month she could be his toy, and she'd be able to walk away.

Tugging on the damp shirt, she pulled it over her head. Her thick stomach embarrassed her, and she covered her hand over it. Shit, how could she do this? He was a Greek god while she was a tubby half breed.

****

Moving forward Zeke grabbed her hands, pushing them out of the way. He wasn't going to give her chance to hide from him. All night he'd been holding this off, but he could wait no longer. She was his, and he intended to take full advantage of her body. Women were too slender in the packs he'd visited. He screwed them even though he found little to no satisfaction with them.

Mary was all woman. Her curves were driving him crazy, and knowing the scent of innocence had nothing to do with her being a virgin, Zeke couldn't wait to slam inside her.

"You will not cover yourself up. I want to see every part of you." He lifted her face up to see him with a finger underneath her chin. "Do you understand?"

"Yes." Tears shone in her eyes. She kept them at bay, pulling out of his arms.

She unbuttoned the top button of her jeans, lowering the zipper.

Zeke watched her wriggle out of her jeans. Holy f**k, look at those thighs. He couldn't wait to have them wrapped around his hips. They were firm and fleshy. She would mark easily, as her skin was so pale.

When she was stood in her underwear, Zeke pulled her into the center of the room. He circled around her body. The plain white cotton underwear did nothing for her figure. Zeke stood close inhaling her sweet, fresh fragrance. From her smell alone he was ready to come.

"I like the way you smell," he said, breathing her in.

Her body shook. Reaching around, he placed his palm against her stomach. Her arousal was building even though she clearly didn't want it to. The sounds in the room were from her deeply indrawn breaths. Pushing her hair out of the way, he laid kisses along the back of her neck. Drawing her back, he felt her skin next to his. He felt covered in loads of a little pulses as they touched.

What was it about her that drew him in? He'd never responded to a woman the way he was to Mary. The half breed was infecting his mind.

Fuck her, take her, claim her.

The mantra was running through his mind as well as the need within his wolf. The dark black wolf was whining, begging to bite and f**k her.

Down, boy.

Stroking a finger down her arm, he kissed her neck feeling her melt against him. Her submission would be sweet. Her body would cave under his command.

"I won't hurt you," he said. "When you leave here you'll know what it's like to be f**ked, to be owned by an Alpha."

She gasped, and he turned her to face him.

Keeping his hands around her back, he tore the bra from her body followed by her panties. Lifting the torn panties into the air, he showed them to her. They were covered in the scent of her arousal. "You want me, Mary."

"It doesn't mean anything." He made her move by stepping close. She backed away from him, collapsing onto the bed, just where he wanted her.

"Move back and open your thighs. I want to see the pu**y that I own and can play with when I want to."

Mary glared at him for several seconds but relented within moments. She leaned back opening her thighs giving him a perfect view of her plump pu**y.

Going to his jeans, he tore open the button, staring at the jewel of her clit, winking at him. He was going to eat her sweet pu**y.

Pushing his jeans down, he gripped his shaft, stepping out of the jeans. Her gaze went to his cock. He saw her eyes widen at his length.

Zeke was used to the reaction. Plenty of women were surprised by his large length. He'd been blessed in many areas, especially with a big dick.

"Don' you worry, baby. I'll fit inside you."

Her widened eyes shot daggers at him as she glared back.

Fisting his length, he smeared his pr**cum around the tip. His foreskin was pulled back with the force of his arousal.

She licked her lips, and he inhaled the fragrance of her heat in the air. Mary had been suffering for a long time. The needs of a bitch in heat would be gripping her. She was ready to find a mate, and, taking a deep breath, Zeke knew she was fertile.

Something pure and animalistic rolled over him, filling him from the center outwards with the need to claim her.

Kneeling on the bed he chuckled as she slid back. Gripping her ankle he tugged her close. "You're not going to escape me," he said, smiling. He was directly above her pu**y. Mary started struggling. Holding her thighs down, Zeke returned his attention to her greedy cunt. She was desperate for a hard f**king.

He closed the distance and sucked her pearl into his mouth. Mary cried out, Her body tensing as he sucked her cl*t into his mouth. Her cream leaked out of her pu**y. Circling her cunt, he felt her essence soaking his fingers.

Releasing her clit, he slid his tongue down to lick her before moving back up to nibble on her clit. Her hands were fisted in the bed.

"Oh God," she said, screaming out.

Her body was on fire. Tasting her need Zeke wondered how she had survived so long without a male. He couldn't smell another man on or within her body.

Lifting up, he looked into her eyes. The once dark brown depths were a deep amber as she looked at him. Her wolf was begging for some action as much as the woman.

Mate.

The word whispered through his mind. Zeke felt an answering awareness inside him. Their wolves liked each other. Mary closed her eyes, and when she opened them seconds later they were a dark brown once again.

"How long has it been since you've had a man?" he asked.

She shook her head.

"It doesn't matter. I'm going to f**k you either way." No man was keeping him from her.

"No man," she said, gasping. Touching her skin he felt the heat radiating off her.

"I'll take care of you."

Flicking her clit, he felt her come apart within seconds. She screamed, jerking off the bed as her orgasm claimed her. Smiling, he stroked her bud with his fingers as he slid between her thighs. Gripping his cock, he pressed the length between her folds, coating his c**k with her cum.

Her hand went to his arm resting by her waist. He bent down, claiming her lips. She moaned, opening up to his kiss. Zeke teased her lips with his tongue, wanting her to open up. Mary gave him entry, and he plundered her mouth, meeting her tongue with his.

Leaving his cock, he grabbed her hand, pressing them to the bed above her head. Locking their fingers together, Zeke deepened the kiss. Fucking left his mind as he took the kiss she gave him.

She moaned, pressing up against him. His shaft bumped her clit, and she cried out. Slowly, he pumped his hips, bumping her cl*t with every thrust.

Mary's legs opened wide, giving him the space he needed.

Breaking from her lips, he kissed down to her neck, biting on her pulse. Zeke didn't break her skin even though he wanted to more than anything. Instead, he sucked on her neck, marking her skin.

Was a month going to be enough?

Leaving one of her hands, he gripped his shaft, needing to be inside her more than anything else. He guided his c**k to her entrance.

Sucking on her neck, he felt her writhe underneath him. She looked consumed by pleasure.

With the tip inside her cunt, he gripped her hip and slammed inside her in one hard thrust.

Mary tensed underneath him, and Zeke felt the small tender piece of skin break, letting him know what happened. Anger filled him at her lies.

His c**k was deep within her pulsing at the feel of her tight, virginal cunt, which wasn't a virgin anymore.

Glaring down at her, Zeke saw the tears leak out of her eyes and track down the corners to the bed.

"Why did you lie to me?" he asked, growling the words at her. Zeke didn't withdraw from her tight heat.

Her nails sank into the flesh of his arms, marking his skin with her scent. Did she even know what she was doing?

No, he doubted she had a single clue what was happening, and he'd just roughly taken her virginity. There was no turning back now. Mary, the half breed wolf who'd agreed to be his toy, was not going anywhere.

Chapter Four

Mary thought they all lied about the pain. Sex was supposed to be natural between everyone. A man and woman fit together like peas in pods or sweetcorn in a husk. She'd never expected the pain. His c**k felt large as he stayed still within her.

Biting her lip she stared up into his angry expression. Nothing he said or did would make her feel any better or any worse. She really thought she'd be able to get away with it. At twenty-five years old she assumed she wouldn't feel a thing. Being on the fuller side she didn't think it was possible to feel much pain.

Stupid fool.

His hand moved up her body to grip her neck. The menace on his face scared her. Her heart pounded against her chest as she looked at him, begging for him not to hurt her. "Why did you lie to me?" he asked.

Closing her eyes, she took several deep breaths trying to gain control of her rioting nerves.

"Answer me and don't think to lie. The scent of innocence is all over you, and I can smell your f**king blood." He snarled the words in her face.

Opening her eyes, she glared at him. "Tell you something personal about myself? Are you completely insane?" She pressed against his hand almost daring him to squeeze her neck tighter. Mary knew she would survive so much pressure just not a snapping of the neck, not that anyone would survive that. "You've got me as a f**king toy. Do you really expect me to let you know I was a twenty-five year old virgin?"

The more she talked the more she hated the truth that was spilling from her lips.

"You're twenty-five years old?" he asked, smiling.

His smile made her gasp as the menace disappeared and she saw what a handsome man he actually was.

"Yes." Looking past his shoulder, Mary couldn't stop the curiosity from making her speak. "How old are you?"

"I'm thirty-nine years old."

Fourteen years age difference. He didn't look a day past thirty. There were no graying hairs or major wrinkles on his face. He looked good for his age, but most wolves looked good.

"If you want to call this off then you can get off me and I'll leave. I'll take Jessica with me."

His hand moved from her neck down. He pinched her ni**les, and she moaned at the harsh bite of his touch.

Zeke clearly knew what to do with her body to make the pleasure morph into something deeper. She'd never known feelings like the ones he was awakening.

"Do you really think I'm going to let you get away from me, baby? I'm housing Jessica, and I want a woman to f**k without denying me. You're my toy, Mary and I'm not giving you up." He leaned down, nuzzling her neck. "Besides, you're a virgin no more. I can f**k you all I want to now."

Mary tensed as his nibbled on her neck. She felt the sharp point of his canines near her neck. Her pulse pounded, and if he was to strike she would be dead within minutes.

"Please don't kill me," she said.

He jerked back. His c**k was still buried within her. "What kind of man do you f**king take me for?" he asked.

The authority in his voice left her under no illusions of who was in control. The Alpha blood leaked out into his eyes. Her wolf responded, purring against the wall of her flesh.

"I would never kill you. Regardless of any f**king rumor I do not take pleasure in unwilling women and f**king them dead, Mary. I love women who are warm, wet, and f**king begging me." He growled at her harshly.

Mary nodded, embarrassed by how hot she felt for him. Her body responded to him even though she wanted to run from him at the same time.

"I'm sorry."

"Now, I'm going to f**k you, Mary. Your virginity belongs to me, and there's no way you're going to take that away. You're mine." He took hold of her chin, forcing her to look at him. "Say it."

"I'm yours."

"Who does your pu**y belong to?" he asked.

"You."

"Who does this mouth belong to?" He pressed a thumb between her lips.

"You."

Down his hand moved going underneath her body to cup her ass.

"Who does this ass belong to?"

"You."

Every part of her belonged to him, and she was more than willing to give him everything he demanded. The harshness of his voice did something between her thighs. Her pu**y felt wet, and she couldn't stop the contractions within.

"I can feel your response to me, Mary. Your cunt is tightening around my dick, and I can tell you're turned on. Your cum is gushing around me."

Turning her head away, Mary had never felt more embarrassed at his words. She experienced utter humiliation in giving herself over to a man she did not know, yet her body responded to him as if it did.

"No, you look at me. Don't you dare turn away from me." He cupped her face giving her no choice but to look at him.

She saw the heat in his eyes as he stared down at her.

"When you're with me, you'll accept everything I ask of you. You do not argue."

"I know. I'm your toy."

"Good." His hand turned to a stroking caress on her cheek. The sudden change within him startled her. The Alpha before her had a soft side. She didn't doubt he would kill her if she posed a threat to his pack. "Now, I'm going to f**k you, and before the night is through you're going to be begging me to."

With the way her body felt right at that moment she didn't believe it.

Zeke's hands returned to her h*ps as his lips went to her br**sts. She felt him suck her nipple into his mouth, first one nipple before moving onto the next. Mary tried to think about the pain, but with his lips creating havoc within her body she couldn't even remember the pain.

The grip on her h*ps tightened, and then she felt him sliding out of her body. Gasping, she saw he was looking down at her.

"Watch me," he said.

Going to her elbows she glanced down in time to see his cock, slick with her juice, moving out of her. He didn't pull all the way out of her. Licking her lips, she couldn't believe his c**k had been within her. For so long she'd been a burning mass of sensation with no help of finding any release.

"No, f**k it," he said, pulling out of her.

Mary whimpered as he turned her so her back was flush against his chest. His hard c**k was pressed against her ass. She felt the slickness from her own arousal covering his shaft.

"I'm going to make you come before I f**k you. You need to know what you're missing out on."

His hand delved between her thighs. Fingers, she didn't know how many, plundered her core as his thumb pressed on her clit. She jerked in his arms. Mary had only felt the pleasure from her own fingers, and now she was feeling what Zeke could do for her. She didn't know the pleasure could get any better than her own fingers. His thumb ran over her cl*t and around. His fingers pumped inside her.

Closing her eyes, she felt his lips at her neck as he worked her body harder.

"You're going to come for me, baby. Then you're going to take my c**k in this tight little cunt. I'm going to f**k you so hard you'll be desperate for my cock."

Mary believed he was going to make her addicted to him.

"No other wolf has touched you, has he?" he asked.

She shook her head, burning within for the need to release.

"You're my little bitch in heat."

His words didn't scare her. She felt like she was in heat. A virgin with the need to f**k. No, she wasn't a virgin any longer. Zeke had already taken her virginity.

They were still going to f**k.

Bucking against his hands, Mary cried out, gripping the blanket as another wave of warmth flooded her.

"Please," she said, begging him.

"Come for me, Mary." His voice was firm. She knew she couldn't disobey him. Zeke ran his thumb over her clit, and Mary couldn't hold off her release. Pleasure crashed through her as her orgasm claimed her. She screamed aloud, the sounds she made echoing off the walls. Ever since she'd been turned Mary hadn't felt any kind of peace. Her skin finally felt like her own. The wolf within her had been sated, and for that she was grateful.

****

Zeke fingered her pu**y feeling the warmth of her release flood his hands. He sensed the wolf inside her calm as her release ended. Soothing her with kisses and strokes, he withdrew his hand from between her thighs. He wondered how long she'd been dealing with the heat spiraling inside her. Zeke could not recall a woman dealing with heat without a male to help. Whatever she had done must have calmed the wolf inside her. He knew it wouldn't have settled the wolf, but it surely calmed her enough to work.

"Thank you," she said, moaning. Did she hear the purring coming from her own body? She lay content in his arms.

He wasn't done with her. His c**k was rock hard begging for his chance to explode inside her.

Mate.

The words rushed through his mind making him pause. No, he wouldn't give his thoughts any light at this moment. He needed to wait and be sure before he made any rash decisions like claiming a woman.

Turning her to the bed, he opened her thighs. Mary didn't fight him this time. Gazing down at the lips of her pu**y he saw the dots of blood showcasing her virginity. He wanted to lean back and pound on his chest like a Neanderthal. Instead, he gripped the base of his shaft running the tip through her creamy essence. She cried out but didn't close him out.

Pushing the tip to her entrance, he let the tip just inside. Holding her hands in his own, he pressed them beside her head.

Without saying a word he slammed inside, going to the hilt inside her.

She screamed, crying out with pleasure.

Her arousal deepened. He couldn't smell any pain coming from her. Pulling out of her tight warmth he stopped when only the head remained inside. Zeke didn't lose eye contact as he thrust in her once again. Her moans grew louder as he took his time to pull out and then slam in, taking her by surprise each time.

Letting go of her hands, Zeke grabbed her h*ps and rammed inside her, roughly. He wanted to bury himself within her and never leave the warmth of her body.

Her eyes were dilated, and Zeke loved the submissive look as she kept her hands beside her head as he f**ked her hard. Looking down, he saw where they were connected. His na**d dick was slick with her release.

His balls tingled as the beginnings of his orgasm started. Her body called to him. Tightening his grip on her hips, he leaned down to claim her lips. She opened up, and he plundered her mouth with his tongue.

"Kiss me back," he said.

Her tongue stroked his. Leaving her lips, he sank one hand into her hair, holding her close, and he gripped her ass with his other. He deepened the kiss, and their teeth clashed with the depth.

Biting into her lip, he pounded away inside her, holding his orgasm off. Tightening his hold on her ass, Zeke kissed down to her neck, licking the spot where her pulse pounded against her flesh.

"Please," she said.

He didn't know what she was begging for, and at that moment he didn't care. Slamming inside her, Zeke growled as his orgasm crashed into him. Every part of his body felt aflame with the need to claim her. Removing his lips from her body, he pressed his head into the pillow, which muffled the sound of his growling.

His seed soaked her womb, and he stayed still inside her for several minutes after his orgasm finished.

The only noise to be heard in the four walls of his room was the sounds of their breathing.

"Zeke?" she asked.

He was conscious of the fact it was the first time she used his name. Closing his eyes he counted to three before moving off her. He pulled out of her body, shaken to the core by the pleasure she'd given him.

"Zeke?" she said his name again. Didn't the woman know he wanted silence?

"Go to sleep," he said, standing up.

She didn't argue or make any move to follow him. Leaving the room, he went to his bathroom, slamming the door closed behind him.

Staring at his reflection Zeke wondered why he couldn't see a change at who was looking at him. Wrapping a towel around his waist, he left the bathroom by the other door leading out into the hallway. His pack knew not to disturb him in his own space. Going down to the second floor he knocked on Max's door. He heard Jane moan and Max apologize. Zeke waited as Max grabbed a robe from the chair and seconds later opened the door.

"Alpha, how can I help you?"

Max bowed his head, and Zeke wondered why the formality.

"What are you doing?" Zeke never demanded submission from his pack. He commanded respect as he gave it as much as received it.

"Your eyes, Zeke. They're burning." Max opened the door. Zeke saw Jane had the blanket up to her chin as she stared at him.

Glancing in the mirror Zeke saw the eyes of his wolf glaring back at him. "Shit." Rubbing a hand down his face, Zeke paced his friend's room until he felt in control once again.

"Alpha?" Max asked.

Opening his eyes he stared at his friend. "Find everything that you can about Mary. I want to know everything. In the morning go back to the pack's house and retrieve her things. I'll give you some clothing to scent her."

"Yes, Alpha," Max said.

Zeke needed to know why he was feeling this way. She was different, and he recalled her scent before. No, he'd been too late, and he couldn't think about the other woman.

They took her.

"Find out everything. I want to know where she lived. I want her whole f**king past." Storming out of the room, he went back to his bathroom. Closing the door he turned the shower on and stood underneath. The pack he killed had been responsible for the disappearance of his sister. His father had asked for his help seeing as he lived close to the other pack. Zeke had known Roger and Dani for some time. They'd shared a few meals together as a sign of friendship. In all that time he'd never thought it was possible for them to be in the market for capturing females and selling them to the highest bidder. His sister was still missing. She'd been running with his father's pack when she went missing. The hunt had started the moment they realized she'd gone missing. The problem they faced was telling the local police force. They couldn't tell them a wolf had gone missing, so they had handled her disappearance personally. Not that it had led to anything other than Roger and Dani's pack seeming to be the culprit.

Roger and Dani hadn't even mentioned a half breed in their pack. Pressing his palm to the tiled wall, Zeke let the warm water cascade down his skin. Mary's pack had despised her. None of them cared about her at all. In the few meals he'd shared with Roger and Dani, Zeke had never sensed an evil streak or the true scent that clung to them this night. They had to have used something that masked the horrid scent.

It still amazed him how dangerous the other couple was, and yet they let the half breed live. Where had they found her?

Several years ago Zeke had been sitting behind his desk when he scented the most incredible smell outside. Leaving his office, he'd gone searching to find the woman responsible for leaving the scent. In the chaos of the office with so many other smells, he'd lost her. Walking the dark alleys for protection, he'd changed into that of a wolf and gone hunting. While he'd been taking a breather, her scent had drifted toward him.

He remembered biting the woman, but for the life of him he couldn't remember what she looked like and he'd never been able to locate her after that night.

Jerking his head, Zeke turned off the water, grabbed a towel and headed into the bedroom. Mary was asleep on the bed. He saw the track marks of her tears as she slept. Reaching out, he stroked a finger down her cheek.

She'd been attacked in the city and bitten. Could it be a coincidence that his mate was the half breed before him? Why would Roger and Dani take her in? He didn't know any of the answers to his questions, and there was no way of finding out. He'd killed both for taking his sister, and yet he was no closer to his sister or to the woman he'd been searching for.

Zeke was determined to find both women. He wouldn't settle until he gave his father back his sister. The woman destined to be his mate was out there. Looking into Mary's face, he felt his wolf pound against his skin, jolting him.

Pulling away, he dried the damp from his skin and threw the towel into the laundry basket.

He climbed into bed beside her, wrapping an arm around her waist. Her scent was different from what he remembered in the city.

No, it couldn't be Mary. Could it?

Shit, Zeke didn't know what he was going to do. His c**k thickened as Mary moaned in her sleep. Until Max got his information Zeke was going to take full advantage of his toy.

Chapter Five

Opening her eyes, Mary glared at the bright light of the sun shining down on her. Last night she hadn't been facing the window. Recalling the night before she blushed as other body parts protested in the morning light. She moved and became aware of the heavy male arm across her stomach. Turning her head, she found Zeke behind her, sleeping.

He was still there. The last thing she remembered of him was ordering her to sleep before he stormed away. Pain stabbed her deeply at the way he treated her. Biting her lip she tried to pull away from him. His arm tightened around her.

Moving again, Zeke kept her in place.

"You can keep fighting me all you want. I'm not letting you go until you ask nicely," he said, muttering against her back.

"I need to use the bathroom." His hand moved down, sliding between her thighs. She gasped even as another flood of arousal swamped her. Mary wished her body wouldn't betray her with his touch. She didn't want to like him at all.

Fingers opened the folds of her sex, opening her up.

"Are you sore?" he asked.

He'd f**ked her and abandoned her last night. Why did he care at all about if she was sore?

"Answer me?"

Staring out the window Mary tensed at his searching fingers. When he plunged inside her, she cried out. "Yes, I'm sore."

Still, he didn't release her. His fingers awakened the passions inside her, and even though she was sore Mary knew she wouldn't deny him.

All too soon, he removed his hand and left the bed. She squealed as he picked her up, carrying her through to his bathroom. He dumped her on top of the toilet.

"Do your business," he said, going toward the shower.

She stared down the length of his body. His c**k was thick and stood out in front of him. He didn't pay it any attention as he turned on the water.

Doing her business, she flushed the toilet and washed her hands.

Zeke took her hand, pressing her inside the shower. Standing under the warm water, she faced the cascade letting the water wash away the sleep from her face.

He spun her around and pushed her down onto a seat.

"What are you doing?" she asked. She'd never sat down in the shower.

He crouched down in front of her without answering. His hands went to her thighs, and he opened her legs wide.

She saw his gaze was on her pu**y. Turning her head to the side, Mary wanted to be embarrassed by what he was doing.

"I shouldn't have left you last night," he said.

Glancing down, she saw he was looking up at her.

"What do you mean?" she asked, hating the pain that sliced through her once again. They hadn't promised each other anything. Fuck, she was here because she saved Jessica from being killed.

"Last night was your first time. I should have been more considerate to your situation. I was a dick to you."

He looked sincere as he looked at her.

"It's okay." She watched his fingers stroking through her fine pubic hairs.

"No, it's not. Any guy treated one of my sisters like I did you, I'd put them in the ground without a thought. I'm sorry."

Mary stayed silent as he washed her. His touch was soothing, and desire started again inside her.

"Where is Jessica?" Mary asked.

"I imagine she's having breakfast." His hands were kind and considerate as they washed her. Mary cut off any hope. She wouldn't be falling for the man who was taking care of her. Zeke was being considerate, but she knew it wasn't really him. The man before her had a mean streak. He had taken out her whole pack last night.

There was no room for mushy feelings.

"Why were you with Roger and Dani?" he asked, changing the subject. He stood, taking her with him. The stool was pushed to the corner. He spun her to face the spray as he washed her hair.

"They were at the hospital after I was bitten." She lifted her arm in the air. "The wolf bit my arm. Took a big chunk out of me." If he looked close enough he'd see the fine silver lines of the scars. Her new wolf blood meant she healed a lot faster than a human. "They told me the hospital couldn't help me. I was burning up, and the nurses and doctors couldn't do a thing about it. I left against medical advice, following them out into the world."

He washed the soap from her hair. When he was finished, he turned the shower off, opening the door. Zeke got a towel first, wrapping it around his waist. His c**k was still rock hard.

"And the wolf was black?" he asked.

"Yes, the wolf was black and came out of an alley way. It smelled me, and then it took a chunk out of me. I wasn't doing anything other than looking through my bag." She remembered the fear that took over. The dog had been huge. She later found out it was a wolf.

"What happened after the others took you in?" he asked, taking her into the bedroom. He sat on the bed, pulling her between his legs. There was no room for her to fight. Thinking back over her time, Mary remembered her first turning. The way they'd chained her up, injecting her with some tranquilizers to help with the pain. A lot of her memories were fuzzy. She couldn't remember everything that happened to her.

"I took some time off work. I don't have a lot of time off as I don't need it. For the next two weeks they helped me to gain control. For several months after I had to visit them in order to take my shots and turn into a wolf." The shots had burned her flesh, or at least it felt like they'd burned her flesh. Had they burned her flesh? Once again her memories were jumbled up. A few months ago they'd stopped injecting her.

"Tell me about your time after the turning." His fingers were caressing her thighs underneath the towel.

"What exactly do you want to know?" she asked, not understanding why he wanted her to repeat her experience.

"Jane, the woman you met last night, she didn't have any problem with the change. Max bit her, and after the initial fever she was fine."

"Lucky her." Mary wouldn't repeat the experience ever again. The pain alone made her terrified of turning anyone, not that she'd ever turn anyone against their will.

"What were the injections?" he asked.

"I don't know. You'd be best asking Jessica. I don't know."

Zeke stood, his fingers sliding into her hair. He turned her head to the side, exposing her neck. She heard him inhale deeply.

"You don't smell like her," he said.

Frowning, she looked down at him. She couldn't pull away. Zeke was too strong for her to overpower. When he leaned back his eyes were glowing amber.

Her wolf slammed against her flesh. Mary screamed as she felt the impact from inside. Stumbling into his arms, she fell to her knees. The pain intensified as her wolf threatened to claw out.

"Enough!" Zeke shouted the word, and yet her wolf wasn't listening. Collapsing to the floor, Mary grabbed her head as the pain exploded sending fire into every part of her body.

The door crashed open to the bedroom.

Her wolf growled, wanting out of her body. Mary had always felt one with her wolf, but in that instant she felt like they were two different beings. It was like her wolf had been trapped somehow, and now it was finally breaking free from whatever held onto it.

"Help me," she asked, screaming.

Mary's words were cut off as she felt her arm breaking, getting ready for the change.

No, she wouldn't survive this. It wasn't the full moon, and she'd been told many times that if she ever changed without the moon she would die.

Taking deep breaths, she shrieked as her thigh twisted of its own accord at an odd angle. The pain was unlike anything she'd ever felt. What was going on with her wolf?

You're going to kill me.

Mary whimpered as her leg was flung at another angle. She heard the other pack around her yelling orders. Someone pulled her close. They were too hot. The towel she'd worn was torn off her body. Glancing down, she saw her stomach rippling as if her wolf was about to tear out of her stomach.

We're trapped no more.

Panicking, Mary cried out, screaming for help.

"Enough!" Zeke yelled the word once again. Jerking at the sound, Mary looked into his eyes seeing the glowing Alpha depths.

Mate. Alpha.

The wolf inside her purred and slowly, silenced. Her body tore at an odd angle going back in their sockets. She screamed once more before darkness claimed her.

****

Zeke felt her slump and was thankful for that. Jane handed him the towel, which he laid over her body, giving her some dignity. Running a hand over his face, he stared down into her open face.

"What the f**k was that?" Jane asked, sitting back.

Max and several of his men were looking at the woman, who was pale. Her skin was covered in a layer of sweat and not from the hot shower they'd shared. Holy f**k, he'd never been so terrified in his life. The way she'd fallen to her knees screaming as her wolf hit out. Her wolf hadn't responded straight away. It was like she'd never run free. Zeke had sensed the desperation within the wolf inside Mary. The wolf was trapped in a cage begging to be let out.

"I don't know. I need to talk to Jessica. Actually, I need to go and have a look at the pack's hiding place. I'm starting to feel something went f**ked up over there, and Mary is one of those wolves."

She was the woman he'd bitten. Zeke was sure of it even though she didn't smell like his woman. Everything she described of that night was true to what he remembered. The following day when he'd gone back to find her Mary hadn't been anywhere in sight. He didn't know her name or any way in which to find her. Fuck, something was going on, and he needed to find out.

"Fuck, Zeke. I've never seen anything like it," Max said.

Jane was kneeling on the floor stroking her hair. Mary was shaking and muttering in her sleep.

"She mentioned something about injections. When I asked you last night to find out whatever you could about her, I don't want that anymore. We're going back to the pack's house. I'm going to get to the bottom of this. Whatever Roger and Dani were planning, it wasn't going to be pretty." Holding Mary in his arms, Zeke felt his heart pounding. Glancing at all of his men, he stared at the sympathy in all of their eyes.

"For a half breed, she's strong," Jane said. "I've never known anyone to hold off the change."

Zeke agreed. "I don't think she'll survive the next change unless we find out what happened to her in the other pack's care."

"You don't think they were experimenting, do you?" Jane asked.

Frozen, Zeke looked at the other woman. "What?"

"I've heard rumors that some packs are using half breeds as experiments to try to strengthen their packs. If Mary was receiving injections, how do you know Roger and Dani weren't trying something?" Jane asked.

Zeke looked at Max, who nodded.

"One of the packs close to us offered to pay money for Jane," Max said. "I killed the man who tried to pay for my woman. There are packs out there experimenting, Zeke."

Stroking her hair, Zeke wondered what the f**k had happened to her after he bit her. "I need to go and f**king find something out." Looking at Jane, he saw the concern in the other woman's eyes. "Can I leave her with you?"

"Yes." Zeke picked Mary up in his arms helping her into the bed. "Zeke?"

He turned to Jane at her speaking his name.

"Her wolf responded to yours."

"I know." He tensed, looking at his men, waiting for them to speak up. None of them did as the sympathy for Mary overshadowed everything else.

"Is she the woman you've been searching for?" Jane asked.

Zeke didn't answer her, walking out of his bedroom. One of the men handed him a pair of jeans. He was still too warm to wear anything more than a pair of jeans.

"Where's Jessica?" he asked.

"Locked in her room," Max said.

Going down to the bottom floor, he didn't try the lock. Pressing his foot to the door, he slammed the wood open. Jessica jerked to her feet dropping the book she'd been reading to the floor.

Her blue eyes were wide and rounded as she looked at him. She was a full breed, Roger and Dani's supposed oldest daughter. She didn't even smell like the bastards of that pack.

"What were your parents involved in?" he asked, advancing into the room.

"I don't know what you're talking about." She stood up, holding her hands out trying to ward him off.

Zeke was tired of being placated. Going to her side, he grabbed her arm and hauled her out of the room. "Then let's go and see what Mommy and Daddy had planned." He didn't release her. Grabbing a silver chain from the door, he wrapped it around her upper arm.

She screamed, crying out for help.

He didn't give a shit. After what he'd just seen the little bitch was lucky not to be getting worse from him.

Max didn't say a word as they headed out into the morning. The sun was shining down, and the warmth of the summer was already high. Zeke kept walking, ignoring the sizzle as the silver bit into his skin. He wouldn't give Jessica the satisfaction of seeing him hurt. The bitch was still part of an enemy pack.

"Please, I haven't done anything," she said, crying out.

"No? Well, we're going to find out what the rest of the pack knew." They covered the distance to where he'd killed her pack. The bodies were still lying on the floor only this time they were black from burning. His men had returned to make sure they were all dead. Jessica sobbed as they passed.

Her tears meant nothing to him. Walking around the bodies, he headed straight for the large house. Zeke had visited the house several times. He'd never been interested in fighting between packs.

"What are you hoping to find?" Max asked.

"The answer as to why my woman's wolf just tried to claw its way out of her."

Jessica gasped. "Is Mary all right? Nothing has happened to her, has it?"

Grabbing both of her arms, Zeke let all of his scorn for the girl show.

"She's f**king grand. Something your f**king parents did to her has caused this, and I'm not going to stop until I find it."

"I don't know what they did. I was never involved with anything like that."

He glared at the fourteen year old knowing he needed to rein in his anger. Zeke had heard of packs experimenting on their own, but he'd never encountered it. What the f**k did they want with his sister if they were experimenting on half breeds?

Fuck!

Maybe his sister had simply been in the wrong place at the wrong time.

"I was never involved in anything. I swear. You've got to believe me. I liked Mary. She was sweet and never ignored me," Jessica said.

The words coming out of the woman were the truth. Zeke inhaled deeply. Any lies and he'd detect them easily.

Nothing. Her scent was clean. Whatever the pack had done Jessica had no knowledge of it.

Tying the silver chain around a chair with Jessica there, Zeke left her alone. Max was with him as they searched the house.

"What exactly are we looking for?" Max asked.

"I don't f**king know. Something to do with experiments or science crap, I don't know." Moving through the house the scent of the other pack was everywhere. Zeke felt his anger increase with every step he took. He really wanted to go back home and wrap his arms around Mary.

"Are you doing okay, Alpha?" Max asked, staying close.

"Yeah. I want to find out why packs are experimenting. We're dangerous creatures without experimenting on each other," Zeke said. The thought of Mary being vulnerable after him biting her and her being used for some f**king experiments pissed him off.

"Sorry about your sister," Max said.

"I'll find her. I'm close. I know I am."

They opened another door to find it empty apart from the usual furniture. Walking into the kitchen they opened the three doors from the kitchen. One door opened to a set of stairs. Flicking on a light, Zeke knew he wasn't going to like what he discovered.

"What's going on with Mary?" Max asked.

"What about her?" He took the first step and then another.

"She's clearly something more than a toy." Max was also a friend outside of the pack. Zeke liked to stay in touch with all of his wolves.

"Until I know what shit she's been dealing with, she's my toy, and I don't want any of you f**kers to treat her otherwise."

Together they walked down the stairs. The room opened up into a full basement. Zeke froze as the experiments were clear to see. There was a table with silver chains wrapped around. Needles, note papers, science equipment, and video equipment were in the room. He didn't need any more evidence to know that Mary's pack had been involved in some serious shit.

"Holy f**k."

"Whatever the pack was involved in, Mary was part of the experiments," Zeke said, feeling like he'd stumbled into something a lot bigger than he ever imagined. He would inform his father, and with the help of another Alpha, he'd get to the bottom of the situation.

Chapter Six

Pleasure tore through her body, and Mary opened her legs wide for it to continue. The dream she'd been having was so vivid and yet unclear at the same time. The tongue stroking through the folds of her pu**y was clear. Whose tongue it was she did not know. The sensation from the experienced licks meant she did not care who it belonged to so long as they did not stop what they were doing.

Opening her eyes she became alert to the fact she was no longer dreaming, but the pleasure was continuing. Looking down she saw Zeke's head moving between her thighs. His tongue expertly licked her clit. Moaning, she gripped the sheet underneath her wishing there was something for her to hold on to.

Grab his hair.

The urge to smash her cl*t against his face was strong. All she wanted to do was take the pleasure he was giving to her. Releasing the sheet she reached down grabbing chunks of his hair as she thrust her h*ps against his face. He growled against her tender flesh, and she cried out in response.

"Please," she said, begging him not really knowing what she was begging him for.

Zeke tugged on her hands, and she let go of his hair. He stood up, wiping her cream from his face. She'd not found orgasm, and now her body was on fire for what he could give her.

"Are you feeling better?" he asked.

She frowned at him not knowing what he was talking about. Then she remembered her wolf trying to escape. Mary didn't care about that. Her body was in demand of him.

"I'm fine."

"Good, come here." He stood at the end of the bed leaving her no choice other than to crawl to him.

His hand sank into her hair using his grip to pull her closer. He was rough, and she f**king loved the feel of him taking control.

Zeke's lips were on hers, and without him demanding she opened to receive him. Their tongues collided together, stroking and plunging deep. The heat spilled out of her pu**y soaking the tops of her thighs.

"So f**king responsive," he said, letting her lips go. His teeth nipped down to her neck then along her collarbone. "You want to be f**ked, don't you, my little toy?" he asked.

She wasn't a toy, but the words coming from his lips were driving her insane. All she wished to do was please him.

Down his lips went nipping at her br**sts. She pushed her chest out wanting his lips. Mary didn't care what he thought about her. The heat was building inside her so her skin felt sensitive to the touch.

Suddenly, he tugged on her sending her to her knees before him. She noticed even though he was rough he didn't release her until he was sure she was safe.

"Suck me," he said, fisting his length with his free hand.

She looked at the length of his c**k poking toward her. The tip was slick with pr**cum, glinting in the light from the room. How much time had passed since this morning?

Opening her lips she licked the tip taking his cum into her mouth. She moaned as his taste alone made her think of home. It was the strangest feeling to have. Taking the tip of him inside her mouth, she sucked him in deep not wanting to let him go. She was addicted, and the heat built inside her.

"Fuck, that's it. Tighten those lips around me," he said, growling.

His thick arms tensed as he forced her to take more. She relaxed taking more of him until he took her to the back of his throat. He groaned, pulling out only to press back inside. Zeke built up a steady pace of thrusting into her mouth. Mary took him, loving the taste of his cum as it slid along her tongue, swallowing him down.

"Fuck." He grunted as he pulled out of her mouth. She stared up at him licking her lips.

He didn't move, caressing her lips with his fingers. Neither of them had come yet. Mary anticipated his next move as he lifted her up in his arms. She cried out as he slammed her against the wall next to the door.

"Wrap your legs around me," he said, ordering her.

"I'm too heavy for you to lift me." She became aware of her extra pounds.

"I'm a wolf and Alpha. I can lift you, and if you mention your f**king weight again I'll smack your ass until it's red raw." He snarled the words in her face.

Smiling, she wrapped her legs around his waist. He reached between them sinking his c**k into her flesh. She felt bruised inside and yet hot at the same time for what he could give her.

"So f**king wet. You're my woman. My f**king bitch." He slammed into her after each word he spoke.

Crying out, she held onto his body as he pounded her with her back against the wall. She was surprised by how the wall still stood.

Turning, he pulled out of her body and dropped her onto the center of the bed. Still, neither of them had come.

"What are you waiting for?" she asked, curious to know.

His eyes flashed amber, and the power rolled over him. "Lie back on the bed, facing the ceiling."

There was no way for her to deny him. He put the Alpha into his voice. Keeping her gaze on him she leaned back, lying down on the bed, facing the ceiling. He crawled onto the bed shocking her as he knelt at her head.

"I'm going to lick you as you suck me."

"You'll choke me," she said, looking at his stiff shaft.

He shook his head. "No, I won't."

She would have to trust him. Looking at the thick shaft she wondered how she was going to take him deep with him over her.

Nodding her head, Mary knew she wanted to try more than she wanted anything else. "Okay."

Zeke moved over her, presenting his shaft to her waiting lips. Opening up, he slid inside moving into her mouth. Closing her eyes, she focused on not panicking.

His hands moved to her thighs, opening her legs wide. In the next instant she felt his fingers sliding between her folds.

Slowly, she sucked him into her mouth creating a steady path while also feeling what he was doing to her own body.

Fingers slid inside her core, turning to stroke over her G-spot. Crying out, she took more of him into her mouth. Pre-cum leaked out coated her tongue. She swallowed him down, loving the taste of him.

The fingers inside her slid out as his tongue replaced those fingers. She tensed as his slick digits explored the puckered hole of her anus.

"Relax, baby. Remember who you belong to and what you agreed. You're mine to play with. My toy."

She'd never forget as he kept reminding her. He wasn't giving her a chance to grow accustomed to anything. Less than twenty-four hours ago she'd been a virgin, and now she wasn't.

It doesn't matter.

In the short space of time her body had felt more her own than it had in the entire time she'd been bitten.

His fingers circled her anus teasing her. She focused on the c**k in her mouth, sucking him in deep. Zeke moaned, and she cried out as his lips sucked on her clit. They were torturing each other, and yet neither of them relented.

He pumped his hips, and she relaxed enough for him to go deeper. With her relaxed his finger slid inside her ass. The burning from his finger pulsed inside her crashing with the pleasure, and Mary screamed her release around his stiff prick.

After her orgasm Zeke didn't give up. He circled her cl*t as she shuddered from how sensitive she felt. The finger inside her ass went deeper.

"Suck my dick," Zeke said. "I'm not stopping until you swallow down my cum."

Mary fought the urge to bite him. It would serve him right for treating her like ... like what she didn't have a clue.

Shaking her head, she took his c**k deeper into her mouth wanting him to lose control and give her his release.

The wolf inside her purred in satisfaction at the decision to make him lose control. Moaning, Mary wrapped her arms around his waist and took him in deep. It was her turn to feel him lose it.

****

Zeke felt the change within her. Mary opened her lips taking him deep into her mouth. He also sensed her wolf was close to the surface once again. What he sensed was the wolf's desire to please him. He knew Mary was safe. The wolf was not going to try to get out providing she got what she wanted and was sated. He would do anything to sate the wolf and protect Mary.

What he found in the other pack's house worried him. A pack that close to him was experimenting, and he'd not known what they were doing. He'd talked to his father, who was as shocked as he was. They had both agreed to increase the search for his sister. There was no way he was giving up. Zeke could not leave his sister in the hands of lunatics.

The very thought of his sister in pain sent the lust away. Forcing the memories of what he'd seen to the back of his mind, Zeke brought himself back to the present. Mary's mouth was doing wicked things to his cock, and as he inhaled her fragrance his c**k thickened once again.

One of his hands was holding him up so he wouldn't crush her while the other was teasing her ass. He wasn't going to get rid of her. The next month was his, and he wasn't going to give up a single day with her. His pack and talking with his father would help him deal with their enemies.

His father had agreed to allow him this time with Mary while he took over gathering more information. It was a joint effort between both his pack and his father's, as well as a couple more who wanted to know more about the disappearance of wolves. After he explained everything that happened, his father understood how important the next month was. If he didn't feel the urge to claim her as his mate, Zeke knew he would let her go. There was no need to mate to someone who wasn't destined for him.

Adding a second finger into her ass, he worked her with the slick juices of her release.

Thrusting his c**k into her mouth, he went deeper feeling the orgasm starting to begin. Pushing into her mouth he felt her relax, and he slid into her throat. She didn't fight against him, and his release poured out of him into her waiting throat. There was nothing for her to do other than accept his cum. Her throat worked him tightly.

When she could take no more, he pulled out of her throat and collapsed to the side. His fingers were still in her ass, and he wasn't ready to call an end to it.

With both hands available, he used his free one to play with her pu**y. Her cream was leaking out of her cunt, and he coated his finger with it to tease her clit.

She moaned, shuddering from his touch.

"Why are you always different?" she asked, breathlessly.

He tensed, staring up at her. Her head was resting on a pillow. She looked so beautiful and lax as she stared down at him. Zeke found himself wanting that expression on her face at all times. He wondered what she'd suffered at the hands of those bastards, Roger and Dani. The death he'd given them had been too kind after finding out what they'd done, not only to Mary but also to his sister.

You don't know what they've done to her yet.

"What do you mean?" he asked, sliding his finger in deep. His c**k hardened once again. Being a wolf gave him a libido that meant it didn't take him long to restart.

"One moment you're sweet and nice. The next moment I think you're going to kill me." She ran fingers through her hair. He liked the way she was relaxed within his company.

"I make you nervous?" He added a second finger into her core. Her scent was making his wolf purr against his skin.

Their wolves were a match for each other. Did she feel the same way?

"Yes." Her one word was breathless.

"Good."

Their gazes locked together. Zeke couldn't look away from the intensity of her gaze. "Why did you stay a virgin?" He found himself asking, curious to know.

Her gaze became hooded, and she shook her head. "No, I'm not going to answer that."

She pulled away from him and tucked her knees underneath her. Lying back he watched her come over him. Her tits hung down, grazing his chest. Keeping his hands by his sides, he looked up at her.

"Who is the real man?" she asked.

"Why were you a virgin?" He countered her question with his own.

Her hands rested on his shoulders. She was so close her lips almost brushing his. The scent of sex and need permeated the air. He couldn't resist any longer. Twirling a strand of hair between his fingers, he smiled up at her. Zeke wasn't going to rush. He was enjoying his time with her.

"You got nothing to say?" she asked.

"I'll answer your question when you answer mine." He caressed her hair, stroking his fingers through the length.

She stayed over him. Her breath fanned his face, and she widened the space between their lips.

Sinking his fingers into her hair, his gaze roamed over her body. Her ni**les were hard pebbles poking at his chest.

"You're really not going to tell me."

"You're my toy, Mary. I can do with you as I please."

Her eyes dilated as she looked at him.

"Tell me more about your time at the other pack," he said, wanting to know more. He maneuvered her so she was straddling his hips. Gripping his thick shaft, he slid himself along her creamy slit into her cunt.

"What do you want to know?" She moaned, sliding down his length, taking him to the hilt inside her. He felt the tip bump against her cervix he was so deep.

"Everything."

Her hands remained on his shoulders as he curved his hands around her h*ps keeping her still on him. Her creamy cunt gripped him snugly, and there was no other place he'd rather be than inside her.

"They kept me locked in a cell. I think the bars were made out of silver." She whimpered as he jostled his hips. He didn't want her memories to be scary. Distracting her from her thoughts, he caressed his fingers up to tease her ni**les. "I know they were silver because I reached out to touch them. The metal burned my body. I remember screaming in pain." Zeke pinched the buds of her br**sts, showing her another kind of pleasure mixed with the pain. "I can't think when you do that."

"Get used to it. I'll be f**king you every chance I get."

She nodded, reopened her eyes and smiled down at him. "You're torturing me."

"With the best kind of torture and equipment. My hands." He showed her his hands. "And my dick." Cupping her h*ps he thrust up, and they both cried out. Their wolves were as close as they could get.

"What were the injections?" he asked.

"They said it would tame my wolf." Mary was struggling to talk. He liked seeing her mind full of the pleasure he was creating.

"In what way?"

"Roger and Dani said I wasn't capable of allowing my wolf to completely take over. Even when I turn I'm at risk of not turning back." She licked her lips, opening her eyes. Those amber eyes showed him how close she was to letting go. She'd never turned unless in control of the full moon. Mary clearly had no clue as to the kind of power she possessed. No, she wasn't as strong as he was, having been born to the life. She wouldn't have the kind of control he had, but with practice he could train her. "Both of them told me I wouldn't survive if I gave in. I took the injections every time they offered. I didn't want to die. I don't lead an exciting life or a fulfilling life, but I don't want to die."

Sitting up, he cupped her cheek. "I'm not going to kill you." There was no way for him to kill the woman fated to be his. Slowly, hour after hour he was recalling her scent, and Mary was finally starting to smell like he remembered.

Going to her neck, he leaned in close inhaling her fresh fragrance that was no longer masked by chemicals or other crap they were hurting her with. She was starting to smell like heaven.

Turning her onto her back, Zeke pulled out of her only to slam back inside. Her arms circled his neck holding onto him as he f**ked her hard and fast. The times they'd been together he'd not worn a condom. Zeke had no intention of wearing any rubber. She was fertile and his mate. It was time for him to give Mary what he should have been giving her a long time ago. The heat she'd been suffering was because of him.

No other male would approach her with his own claim over her. Every time he took her other wolves would be able to smell him all over her body. The possessive wave that swept over him startled Zeke. She'd gone from being his toy to meaning something more. The moment she'd spoken up over the crowd of full breeds to save the girl, Zeke had known there was something different about her. He'd not been wrong. This woman, his woman, was everything he wanted. His pack needed a queen, and he knew with the respect coming from his pack, they would accept her as their own.

Slamming inside her, Zeke brought her to orgasm before he found his own. He would keep her safe, but he also needed to get to the bottom of why her other pack had been experimenting.

Chapter Seven

After she phoned work organizing the vacation time for the month to spend as Zeke's toy, Mary was able to relax. She loved her life as a human. Yes, there was no one to live her life with and she never trusted men, but it was her life. She enjoyed baking and helping out at the homeless shelter several blocks from her apartment. Work as a receptionist in the advertising firm was fun. No one, apart from the close employees, ever remembered her. She liked her life like that. Mary had watched women who struggled to work because of all of the male attention.

There was a time she'd wanted something similar, but then she'd wised up. No one would ever bother her enough to make working hard. She didn't know everyone who worked in the building as she didn't venture farther than the ground floor staff room. Max stood with her as Jane was inside making breakfast for the members of Zeke's pack who'd stayed behind.

She wasn't allowed to leave the house unless Max or one of the men was with her.

"I'm not going to flee," she said. "I struck a bargain for Jessica's life. I'm not going to leave before I've fulfilled my part of the bargain." Besides, she wasn't ready to leave the sex behind. Zeke had awakened something inside her. For the first time since being bitten she was starting to feel like her old self again. She had always felt ill and filled with burning heat. Since Zeke had been f**king her, she'd been able to focus and remain calm throughout. Last night had been hot as hell. She'd loved the minutes when she was able to be on top taking his c**k deeply within her.

"I'm not here in order to stop you fleeing," Max said, looking up at the sunshine.

The sunlight did feel rather lovely today, Mary thought.

"Then why?"

"Since finding out ... some things, he wants you protected."

Jessica was sat inside with Jane, eating. Glancing behind her at the door Mary saw the young girl's shoulders were hunched over her bowl of cereal. She'd not been the same since she had gone out with Zeke.

"He wouldn't have killed her, you know," Max said, drawing her attention away from the other girl.

"What do you mean?"

"Zeke, the Alpha. He's a tough man, but he's not a bad man. She didn't smell like the others. Neither did you. He wouldn't have killed you." Max smirked. "I imagine when you offered to give him anything he couldn't resist your tempting offer."

Heat filled her cheeks. Max wasn't being mean. He didn't have the first clue as to what her life had been like before she met Zeke. The men loved to tease her about her curves.

"I've hurt you," Max said, looking remorseful.

"What?" Mary shook her head.

"You lie badly. Every type of emotion has a certain smell. I can detect it." He tapped his nose.

Tucking some hair behind her ear, she ran her hand down her shirt front. Zeke had allowed her to wear clothes while others were at the house. She'd begged him this morning so she could have some dignity.

"It's nothing. Just the men are not all that nice with, erm, my shape," she said, feeling her cheeks getting hotter.

"I'm sorry. I don't always think. Men can be such ass**les." Max looked sheepish.

"This is not the kind of conversation I want to be having," Mary said, heading away from the house. Her humiliation was complete.

"We're all different," Max said, following her.

"What?"

"The bitches that are born rarely have anything about them other than being slender with no tits to their name." He looked down at the ground, clearly shocked to have spoken to her about it. "Shit, I'm ruining this. I turned Jane because she's everything I want in a woman. I love her curves, and I wouldn't be seen with a full breed." He showed off his arms and the thickness of the muscles.

Had she entered an alternative universe where the men didn't have a filter between their mouth and brain?

"I've been with slender women, and I feel like I'm going to break them. Jane, she's all woman, and with her being a wolf, I know she can take the kind of f**king I want to give her."

If her cheeks got any hotter she'd be able to set a fire with them.

"Erm, I think you're giving me a compliment."

"Jane would have my hide if she knew I was talking to you about it."

"I do know, Max. I think you're scaring the woman half to death," Jane said, wiping her hands on a towel.

Mary chuckled as she saw one of her eyebrows raised and a smile lifting her lips.

"Go and get your breakfast," Jane said. "I'll handle this."

Max looked happy to disappear.

Looking up at the sunlight, Mary basked in the warm glow on her face.

Jane cleared her throat, chuckling. "Max is not the best man to talk to if you're hoping for tact."

"I wasn't hoping for anything. We were talking about Jessica, and it sort of moved into something else entirely." Mary smiled, kicking some of the stones as she stared down at the ground.

"I know what you mean about men not liking us for our fuller shape. I gave up on men until I met Max. I saw him across a bar. I was drinking a cocktail, and he just wouldn't look away." Jane smiled, immersed in the memory. "He approached me and started talking. I remember being enthralled as he didn't check out the other slender women in the bar. His eyes were on me and me alone. I felt hot, sexy, desirable."

Mary saw the love shining in her eyes. She envied the feeling, wishing she could feel something similar.

"After he bit me, he was there guiding me through the transition. He was my mate, Mary. The man I was destined to be with." Jane looked back at the house. "Every time I'm with him, it feels like the first time all over again."

Jane turned her gaze back to Mary. "I hope one day you can know that kind of feeling."

"I hope so, too."

Jane reached out, touching her skin. "Come in when you're ready for breakfast."

Mary was shocked when she was left outside alone. Staring up at the sun, Mary basked in the feelings erupting inside her. Her body was her own, and she never wanted to lose this feeling surrounding her with warmth.

When Zeke wrapped his arms around her waist, she sank against him, smiling.

"What are you thinking?" he asked.

"Nothing important." They snuggled together, and the heat sizzling between them had nothing to do with the sunlight cascading down on them.

His fingers worked underneath her shirt, stroking her stomach. "I wish you were naked. I'd bend you over right now and slide inside you."

"Your pack can see us."

"I don't care. They know who you belong to."

The land, his skin all felt like home. Mary felt safe and protected, which was strange considering she was only supposed to be his toy.

"Jane and Max are right. If I was to walk away and not claim you, there would be men in my pack who would want a taste of you. They all know you were a virgin and can't believe men haven't tried to get into your pu**y," he said, kissing her neck.

She gasped. Heat flooded her pu**y, soaking her panties. How could he get such a quick response from her? All he ever needed to do was give her a few quick responses and she was ready for him. The heat flooding through her should embarrass her, and yet she was burning for him. His c**k was the only thing she wanted between her thighs.

"I won't be with anyone from your pack." She couldn't think of being with another man, not after her time with Zeke.

"There's something I need to show you," Zeke said, taking her hand.

He led her away from the house. His fingers tightened around hers as they walked the distance to the other pack house. Staring at the place she'd considered her home for a few days a month, Mary was overcome by a shocking wave of cold. The building looked large, gloomy, and unwelcoming. She remembered the whispers as she used to pass the other members going to her room.

"Why are we here?" she asked.

"There's something I want to know from you."

The seriousness on his face let her know he wasn't trying to scare her. "Okay."

Through the front door they went all the way to the kitchen. The house smelled awful and disgusting. Pressing a hand to her nose, she felt a wave of sickness roll over her. "Does it smell like this because of them dying?"

"No, this is the smell that clung to your pack. They're a dirty pack with dirty deeds, Mary. Their souls were dead long before their bodies."

Mary couldn't ever remember scenting something so bad before in her life. It took every ounce of control not to vomit from the acrid burn. She would need to take a shower to rid her body of this.

Zeke opened the door leading down to the basement. For some reason Mary tensed, feeling something bad had happened down there.

"No, I can't go down there," she said, overcome with sweat.

"I need you to follow me down."

Seeing the somber look on his face didn't help. Trying not to breathe she followed him downstairs to where something bad awaited.

The light illuminated everything. Images flashed through her mind. Pain and death consumed her. She glanced in the far corner, and memories suddenly swamped her. No, she couldn't stay in the house.

Moving closer, she wrapped her fingers around the pole feeling the sizzle of the silver. Something bad happened here, and what was worse, Roger and Dani had somehow wiped her memory of everything.

****

Zeke fisted his hands as Mary held onto the bar. He'd never seen a cage made out of silver before. The look on her face let him know it wasn't the worst thing to have happened. His father hadn't found anything out about experiments, but he knew Mary was the only one close enough to have any information.

His father had asked for him to try to get some information out of Mary. He hated the pain he was causing her. The disgust she felt was rolling off her in waves. She despised this place and feared it with equal measure.

"How can they have affected my memories?" Mary asked.

"What do you mean?"

"I remember being here, but I also remember sweating, panicking as I watch something happening over there." Mary released the bar and walked over to the science table. She reached out as if to touch it then pulled her hand away. "I need to get out of here."

Zeke ran after her as she charged out of the house. For a half breed she was f**king fast. Out in the sunlight he chased after as she ran over the gravel then across the field. The energy pulsed off her, and he shouted her name.

Nothing was stopping her. He knew she wasn't running away from him. No, something else was chasing her away, and he needed to get to her before she fell.

Then, suddenly, Mary's wolf met his eyes. There was no pain as she kept running. Mary was a beautiful golden brown in her wolf form. He paused as he watched her gracefully run.

Love, lust, and respect rolled into one as he stared after the woman he'd been looking for since he'd bitten her. Zeke didn't take the time to shed his clothes. Running after her, he called to his wolf, and then he could hear her.

"Finally," she said. "I'm free. I'm free, and you can remember what they did to us."

Her wolf was profound, begging to be heard. All this time Mary's wolf had been trying to save her by stopping her from making so many mistakes.

Following after her, Zeke listened to her innermost thoughts. He was her Alpha, and they were connected in the most profound way. His seed was inside her at her most fertile time.

"They killed half breeds. They hurt everyone who came into that room. It's dangerous. Tell everyone what is happening."

What was happening?

Zeke ran through the trees, chasing after her. Images flashed in his mind, and they were all of Mary's memories of what happened in that room in the basement. He stumbled at the horror her wolf had remembered. Mary's wolf hadn't forgotten anything. She'd saved the memories waiting for the right moment to show Mary.

"We had to wait for him. He will protect us."

Mary had been drugged keeping her docile as they injected her with all kinds of drugs. They had been finding a drug that would harm, even kill full breeds. Roger and Dani had been greedy wanting the power that such a drug would give them.

He stopped as he recognized his sister. Mary was collapsed on the floor, her body hurt and bruised as she stared at the table. His sister fought, screaming out, crying out, warning them that her death would be avenged.

"She lived."

Her wolf spoke to him. He couldn't let her get away. Setting off at a run, he chased after Mary. Picking up his pace he got to the edge of the waterfall in time to watch her jump off. Following her down, he saw her break the surface as a human. Her female scream was the last thing he heard before he went under.

Breaking the surface, he heard her screaming. She was holding onto the grass on the other side. Her body was wet and na**d as she held onto the grass. The screaming stopped suddenly. Swimming to her side, he put his hand on her back, wanting to offer her comfort.

"I remember," she said. "I can't believe I went back there month after month."

She coughed. Her fingers sank into the grass, her nails covered in dirt. Placing his hands on either side of her head he pressed kisses to the back of her neck trying to take the awful memories away.

"I'm here."

"How can they have taken my memories?" she asked, glancing at him over her shoulder.

"Your wolf took the memories to help you deal with what was happening to you. She was waiting for the right time when you were both protected." Her wolf was waiting for him. He sensed it more now than ever before.

Her body was shaking but not from cold.

"You talk about my wolf as if it's another being looking after me."

Pressing a hand to her chest covering her heart, he kissed her neck. "Your wolf is here. She knows what is best for you. She saw the danger and did everything she could to keep you safe."

The wolf and human were as one. He loved the feel of his wolf and accepted him within his body.

"The woman on the table, do you remember her?" he asked.

"Yes. She was pushed into a cage beside me. I remember her sniffing me." Mary turned in his arms, staring up at him. "She told me you wouldn't stop until you found me."

His family had known he'd been looking for the woman he'd bitten for some time. "Her name was Debbie. She was my sister and went missing over a year ago. What happened to her?"

"She escaped. I remember her tearing through the bars as if they meant nothing. She was the first full breed they tried to experiment on. I don't know what else happened to her." Mary stared up at him with tears in her eyes. "They were trying to hurt all other packs."

Pushing the hair off her face, he stared into her eyes. Stroking her cheek, Zeke was so proud of her surviving even down to remembering his sister.

"Did they succeed?" she asked.

"I don't know. I'll have to get in touch with my father. His pack is based several miles away." Tilting her head back he saw she was pale. "I've never seen a half breed change so quickly."

"I've never changed without the help of the full moon." She licked her lips. The image of his c**k disappearing in her mouth flashed across his mind.

Leaning down, he pressed his lips to hers. Her hands went to his shoulders, holding onto him. Wrapping a hand around her waist he tugged her closer. Plunging his tongue into her mouth, he closed his eyes relishing the taste of her skin.

Her moans vibrated down to his cock, making him hard.

Breaking the kiss, he lifted her up in his arms locking onto one of her ni**les. She cried out, sinking her fingers into his hair.

He was going to f**k her. Zeke needed to f**k her, to mark her, and to claim her so no other male would ever try to take her away from him.

"Zeke." She spoke his name with a moan. Mary wrapped her legs around him.

Gripping his shaft, he found her entrance and slammed inside. Her body was open for him. After all the memories he wanted to give her something pleasurable.

She cried out, thrusting her chest out to his waiting mouth. Holding her tightly, Zeke f**ked her hard, going as deep into her body as he could.

Kissing up her chest, he claimed her lips once again as he f**ked her cunt.

Claim her.

He pushed the need away, wishing he could just give in. Slamming inside her hard, Zeke let the pleasure swallow them both up. Everything else could wait as he f**ked his toy hard.

She's more than a toy.

Zeke knew Mary was more, but for now he was going to enjoy what she'd given him. Jessica wouldn't have died that night unlike the rest of the pack. Mary also would have survived as well. He was damned for keeping her to him.

One month.

He had one month to make her his mate.

Chapter Eight

One week into her stay Mary sat in the garden playing cards with Jane. Jessica was on the swing staring up at the sun. The girl was taking the death of her family really well. The rest of the men were inside having a meeting. Four cars had arrived that morning, and Mary knew they were all Alphas from different packs. Jane placed her palm on top of the deck as the two cards matched.

"What's going on with you, Mary?" Jane asked.

"Nothing. I'm just wondering what the meetings all about," she said, pressing a card on top of the others. Glancing toward Jessica, she couldn't help but be worried about the young girl.

"She's doing fine, you know."

"How do you know? Her family was killed before her eyes. She should be feeling something."

"The men have been talking, and Jessica was considered a mutt amongst the pack."

Mary frowned, looking back at Jessica. Whenever she'd been at the house, Jessica was treated like a princess even though she recalled the young girl not smelling like the rest of the pack. In fact, Jessica smelled a lot different from the pack she'd been part of.

"A mutt?"

"Yeah, Roger and Dani were not her real parents. She was a half breed they took in, or at least that's what rumor is saying."

Smacking her hand on top of the pack, Mary won the round of cards. Jane chuckled.

"Jessica was not a half breed. She was their daughter. It's what I was told."

Jane was looking at her with sympathy.

"What?"

"Mary, you weren't there all the time. From what I heard you were not allowed to mingle with the group. Jessica talked to you and was punished for it."

Jerking at what Jane was telling her, Mary knew she'd missed a hell of a lot in her time at the pack. Putting her pile of cards down, she walked over toward the other girl. Jessica didn't pause in her swinging, and there were tears in her eyes.

"Is it true?" Mary asked.

"About me being a half breed?"

"Yes."

The young girl nodded. "Yeah. I was never allowed to say anything. I can turn at will, but Roger and Dani threatened to hurt me if I told anyone about what I could do. No one knew half breeds could turn at will. They killed my parents, and my father was a full breed. He mated with my mother, and I was born nine months later. I saw them kill my parents, and they terrified me. When I met you I thought you could save me. I was right. They were all prepared to let me die that night with them."

"How come you've never said anything to me since then?" Mary asked, feeling slightly hurt.

"We've not really had time to talk." Jessica shrugged. "I couldn't tell anyone, and it was easier to keep the truth to myself."

Mary couldn't argue with her. "Why make you pretend to be their daughter?"

"I always wondered about that, but I guess it probably had to do with Zeke and other Alphas visiting. They'd start to ask questions if they saw a ten year old without her parents wandering about the house. They did it to stop being suspected of something."

"Does Zeke know this?"

Jessica nodded. "They kept files. I didn't even remember, but without the injections and reading those files I was able to remember everything. I've been a wolf a lot longer than you. I was born into it even though I'm a half breed. My dad didn't turn my mom until after I was born. I have his blood inside me and my mom's human side whereas you were changed a lot later in life."

"What the hell happened?" Wrapping her fingers around the metal pole of the swing she listened to Jessica talk.

"They took me when I was ten years old. Roger and Dani made a file up with everything. They experimented on me as well."

"Did they discover anything?" Mary asked.

"No. They didn't discover anything, but they couldn't risk me leaving. For some reason they didn't kill me and decided I'd serve them well."

She stopped swinging, and Mary wrapped her arms around the young woman. "They killed my parents, and I was caught up in the fray."

"It's okay. You're safe now." Mary saw Jane had disappeared inside the house giving them some privacy.

"I've heard what they've been saying. Roger and Dani are responsible for kidnapping other wolves. They were experimenting on them in the hope to gain power." Jessica was sobbing. Stroking her blonde hair, Mary listened as they had it all out.

"Jane said you were punished for talking to me," she said.

"They didn't want anyone to slip up. They said you were special because of who bit you."

"What did they do to you?" Mary asked, hating herself for not knowing what was happening when she visited.

"They put me in a cage without food for a couple of days. Others got it a lot worse than I did."

"If you'd told me I would have put a stop to it," Mary said.

"I know. They were scary. I couldn't tell you what was happening. What if you never came back? The best time I remember was when Zeke came for dinner."

Mary paused. "What?"

"They would spray the house in all different scents, and no one would disappear to the basement. I don't remember being in the basement, but I must have for them to have experimented on."

Nothing was making any sense, and Mary knew she would need to talk with Zeke.

"The injections you talked about, what were they?"

"They were supposed to relax us. Tranquilizers with hints of silver to keep us docile so we wouldn't fight. I've read some of the research."

Mary stared up at the sun. The heat did nothing to warm her bones. Whatever had happened with Roger and Dani, she felt it wasn't at an end.

"It's time for dinner," Jane said, calling out of them.

"Are you coming?" Jessica asked.

"I'll be there soon." She smiled at the two women as she made her way around the front of the house. Mary heard the muffling in the background from the kitchen. Entering the study she saw the paperwork spread out across the desk that Zeke had retrieved. A pair of glasses lay on the top of the paperwork. Walking closer she ran her hands over the files, and recognizing Jessica's name she pulled the file out and opened it. A picture of a young Jessica looked up at her. She hated the sadness in the girl's eyes. No one should be sad at such a young age. Flicking through the file she saw codes and names of chemicals along with marks out of ten. None of the notes made sense. Flicking through the pages she saw a daily plan of what they forced the girl through. They beat her in order to force the change. After many months Jessica finally changed into a wolf.

There was a note along the bottom.

"Serum induces amnesia. Given to project one-zero-one, and subject shows no memory of treatment." Mary read the words at the bottom. After that entry there was no other entry made.

"They decided Jessica was not useful, but they put her down as being an asset for future reference. They were going to use her to lure more wolves. Her blonde hair and innocence were going to be the lure," Zeke said from the doorway. He carried a plate of food. At the sight of him alone she felt a great wave of need flood her body. She'd spent the whole night in his bed, but it still didn't feel long enough.

"I can't believe we forgot all of this," she said. Closing the file she thought about what he said. "They were going to use her virginity to lure other wolves to claim her?"

"Yeah, they had an entire plan set up. My sister worked for a newspaper, and she'd been keeping an eye on the dead bodies. Each dead body has a mark that other wolves can detect."

"Your sister went out looking for the answer to the dead wolves?" Mary asked.

"Yes, she didn't find anything at first, but then she stumbled onto this pack." He moved closer. The scent of spicy chicken was overpowering. Her appetite had disappeared yesterday, but now she couldn't stop eating. He placed the plate down on the clearest part of the desk. "Eat. You need to keep your strength up."

Nodding, she grabbed a piece of chicken and a napkin. Sinking her teeth into the succulent flesh, Mary moaned as the flavors exploded on her tongue. "Jane is one fine cook."

She loved cooking, but it was nice to eat without worrying about anything. Zeke kept staring at her then down at her stomach. "What's the matter?" she asked.

"Nothing." He moved behind her, caressing her stomach as he pulled out a file with her name on it. "This one is yours."

Mary stared at the file suddenly feeling sick. "I don't think I want to read that," she said, touching his hand where it lay against her stomach.

"Keep eating. I've read it." She took a chunk out of the chicken. He put the file down and kept a hand on her at all times. "Your allergy against silver was a problem. They wrote that for two minutes you had died on the table. The doctor panicked, brought you back to life, and they gave you the serum. There was nothing more they could do for you."

"Why keep me alive?" she asked. If it had been her she would have killed anyone who posed a threat to any experiment. She liked the fact they hadn't killed her, but it didn't make any sense as to why they kept her alive.

"They have their reasons. I'm sure we'll find them out soon." He was being vague.

Finished with the chicken, she reached for some more.

"I want to introduce you to my father," he said.

Tensing in his arms, she glanced behind her. "Is that wise?"

"Why wouldn't it be?" he asked, stroking her stomach.

"We're not exactly seeing each other."

He chuckled. "My father knows I've got a woman in the house. It would be rude not to introduce her."

"I'm the woman you're using as a toy," she said, biting her lip.

"Wolves don't care about that. You're mine to show off as I will."

She shrugged. It was his father, and she wasn't going to cause waves between family members.

****

Zeke stared at the file with her name on. He couldn't tell her the only reason they'd kept her alive was because of him. They had known all along who'd bitten her, but they kept Mary from him, masking her scent so he couldn't find her. His father knew what was happening, and he also knew about Zeke taking Mary as a toy.

"It's not the best way to get your woman to stick around you, son," his father had said.

Fortunately, he'd agreed not to tell Zeke's secret about him being the one to bite her.

Mary reached for another piece of chicken, and he caressed her stomach. His seed had taken within her. She was no longer fertile but pregnant with his baby.

"All of these files."

"There are about twenty," he said.

"Does that include mine and Jessica's?" she asked, biting into another piece of chicken.

"No. It's twenty-two if you include yours. My sister is in there as well."

"What does her file say?"

"It's stamped with 'escaped' over it."

Mary tapped his hand, moving away from him. He watched her wipe her mouth on the napkin before picking up the tub of potato salad. He'd brought more than enough to feed her. Zeke hated the thought of her going hungry, and after yesterday she'd been avoiding food. He wasn't going to let her get ill because of everything that was happening.

She was the reason he wasn't going to give up on finding his sister.

"Did they have a plan?" she asked, eating some salad.

Looking down at the files, he looked up at her. "We're trying to figure everything out. It looked like they had a plan to take over other packs. Dani and Roger were power hungry. They were intent on ruling the whole surrounding area of wolves."

"I don't understand why. They had a pack of their own."

"They simply wanted more. It wasn't enough for them to keep to their own grounds." Zeke gathered up the files into one neat stack. His father was filled with happiness knowing his daughter had fought to get out.

"Something so simple shouldn't have created something so f**king awful," she said. "You're talking about them hurting other people, other wolves."

"They were coming after my pack." Zeke sat down behind the desk staring at her. The clothes she wore did nothing for her curves. His clothing was much too big. He couldn't bring himself to let her have the clothes they'd taken from the other house. The stench of the other pack clung to them.

"What?"

"Yeah, it's in their game plan. We've got Dani's diary. She was the person behind it all." Zeke stared down the length of her body feeling desire curl in his stomach.

"Are there any other people missing?" she asked.

"Dad's finding that out now. He's talking with the other pack hoping to find the answer to that." His c**k thickened at the thought of being buried inside her cunt. He needed her desperately. "Come here," he said.

She shook her head. "No, we can't do that."

"Do what?" he asked, teasing her.

"You know what. I'm not going to think straight until I know what's going on." She put the empty bowl of salad down and started to pace.

"I need to find my sister. She'll have the answers."

"How?" she asked, clearly stressing out.

Standing up, he walked around the desk going to her. Pulling her into his arms, Zeke inhaled her warm fresh scent. "We've got to go away from here," he said.

"What? Why?"

"The full moon is over, and I'm needed back in the city. My men are only here to offer me protection under this current threat." He pushed her long brown hair over her shoulder and inhaled her scent. She smelled like his woman. He felt his canines lengthen, getting ready for him to strike and claim her as his mate.

"What do you want me to do?" she asked.

"You'll be coming with me. Dad's taking Jessica with him until we know more. The only safe place for wolves right now is within the city. Our agreement is until the next full moon. We've got three weeks left."

"I know how long we've got left." She looked up at him. Her brown eyes were hooded. Moving his hand down, he cupped her ass, squeezing the supple flesh. She moaned. "Is that all you think about?" she asked.

"You've got a body for f**king. I'm just like any red blooded male. Any man who got the pleasure of having you to themselves would take full advantage."

She obviously liked the way he was speaking. Pushing the shirt he'd given her out of the way he slid his fingers underneath the band of her pants. Her pu**y was slick to the touch and burning hot. Mary opened her thighs giving him better access.

"I feel how much you need me. Tonight, you'll be ready for me. Once I start f**king you I'm not going to stop until you come all over my cock."

Tilting her head back, he sank his fingers into her core as he sucked on her neck. She relented, thrusting onto his fingers as if her life depended on it.

"I've got you, baby, f**k my hand," he said.

Her body was heating up with every passing second. Her wolf purred at him for his cock.

Smiling, he sucked on her neck, pressing his thumb to her clit.

She shattered around his fingers. Minutes later as he was bringing her down from her orgasm, a knock sounded at the door. Removing his fingers from her body he called for his father to enter.

Mary kept her head buried against his chest. Her heart was pounding, and her hand was caressing his chest.

"Hello, son, I was told I'd find you here," his father said.

"Dad, I'd like you to meet Mary." Zeke made the introductions quickly. Her cheeks were bright red as she looked at his father.

"It's a pleasure to meet you..."

"Name's William, honey. I imagine my son hasn't told you anything other than Dad or his father."

She smiled. "Something like that, yes."

His father was putting her at ease.

"Son, go and get us a drink while I talk with this gem of yours."

Mary giggled.

Chuckling, he took the plate of empty food and headed toward the kitchen. Jane and Max were making out in the corner as some of the Alphas were talking. They stopped when he entered the room.

"How is your woman handling the news?" Max asked.

"She's shocked by what we found with Roger and Dani." The diary in the center of the table was Dani's that had given them an insight into what was happening. "Anything new in there?" he asked, putting the plates in the sink.

"Not yet. We're looking through it. Taking it back home with us, we're going to look into her contacts. We think there could be an outside source or something else. I don't know what the hell is going on to force pack leaders to turn against their own," one of the Alphas said.

Nodding, he filled several glasses with water and walked over to Jane and Max.

"Are you two all set to return home?" he asked. They were his closest friends, and he would hate to have anything happen to them.

"We're packed," Jane said. "Are you sure this is wise?"

"It's our only solution with what's happening as otherwise we're going to risk being out in the open," he said.

"We killed them, Zeke. What kind of threat do they pose?" Max asked.

"My sister is still out there. She's been missing for a long time, and according to her file she wasn't with them very long." Zeke glanced over at the Alphas talking amongst themselves. "I think it's logical to suggest she got caught up in something much worse. I couldn't handle anything happening to you."

"What do you mean about something much worse?" Jane asked.

"They were experimenting on us. How do we know someone else wasn't interested in knowing our secret?" Zeke wasn't prepared to take the chance that a bigger, deadlier party wasn't involved. Keeping all of them protected was his top priority.

Heading back to the study he heard his father and Mary talking. Standing outside he listened to them laugh and joke for several minutes before he walked inside. He would do everything to protect Mary. Zeke felt responsible for her. He brought her into his world, but he'd not been there to protect her when she needed him most.

Chapter Nine

Zeke's apartment was entirely different from his house that he shared with the pack in the county. Glancing out of the window on the tenth floor, Mary wondered what the attraction was with heights. If anything happened to his windows he would plunge to his death. Staring down at the concrete floor, she took a step back needing the comfort of the ground.

He'd left her in his sitting room to take a shower. Looking around the room, Mary was embarrassed by her small apartment. What surprised her was how close they lived together. She was about five blocks away from him. They could have crossed paths in the street, and she wouldn't have even realized it.

Not possible, you'd remember a man like Zeke.

The sound of the shower being turned off alerted her to his presence. Turning to the sound of him getting closer she felt her cheeks heat at the sight of him wet and covered in only a towel.

"How can you live so far up?" she asked, turning back to look at the window. Heat flooded her body, and she was embarrassed for an entirely new reason.

Zeke chuckled. "Honey, I can smell you all the way over here. I know you want me." He walked up behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist. "Take your clothes off."

"What? I can't take my clothes off." She spluttered the words out not knowing how to speak a coherent thought.

He left her side and closed the blinds plunging them into a sort of darkness. Her improved eyesight meant she could see him clearly.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"You ask a lot of questions." He removed his towel and threw it at her. She caught the towel before it hit her in the face.

"You're not being serious at all," she said.

"Baby, we're alone in my apartment, and I want you naked."

"How can you be thinking about that right now? You've got a sister to find and research to look through." The fight was leaving her as he stepped closer.

"I've also got a family who will take care of everything while I spend some time with my little toy."

Why did she have to respond to him calling her a toy? It was ridiculous, wrong, but he made her melt every time he said it.

He took hold of her shirt, tugging it over her head. Zeke pushed down the jeans she wore. He wouldn't allow her any underwear, and she was completely na**d like him.

Cupping her cheek, he tilted her head back. "This is the only way I can think of to not think about what's going on," he said. "My sister has been missing for some time. I'm terrified of what's going to happen to her. What if she's dead somewhere, and we'll never find her?" He dropped a kiss to her lips. She started to shake from his touch. "What if Dani was working for someone else? I don't know the answer to any of these questions, but there is nothing we can do."

Closing her eyes, Mary knew he spoke the truth. There was nothing for either of them to do. There was no use in waiting around worrying. Neither of them could do anything.

"What about work?" she asked.

"What about it? I called ahead, and I can do everything I need to do from here with the occasional quick nip to the office. It's easier sorting everything out here than back in the country. Don't worry, baby, I'm not going anywhere yet. Your ass is mine, and we're not going anywhere other than to f**k and spend time with each other." He lifted her up in his arms. Giggling, she wrapped her legs around his waist as he led them back toward his bedroom.

Zeke was right. She could spend the rest of her life worrying about what Dani and Roger created, or she could experience fulfillment in his arms.

He kicked opened the door, and she was thrown to the bed. Laughing, she squealed as he followed her down. They struggled on the bed. Mary fought him, but Zeke was stronger and more powerful than she was. He pressed her hands beside her head, opening her thighs to settle between.

"I've got you. Fight me, Mary."

She stayed perfectly still disobeying him. His rock hard c**k pressed to her stomach. Everything else faded away as she looked into his beautiful dark eyes. He really was a sexy man. Zeke made her feel small and delicate, and all he was doing was holding her down. Her heart pounded against her chest.

Mary watched him take a deep breath inhaling her scent.

"You smell so f**king good."

"You've got a thing for my scent, don't you?" she asked, smiling. She tightened her grip around his hands wanting to feel every ounce of his strength. He didn't budge, merely stared down at her waiting. They were in a battle of wills, but she wasn't intent on winning. No, she wanted to see how far she could push this man who'd taken her virginity. Zeke was more than the man who'd stolen her cherry.

How could he have stolen my cherry when I freely gave it to him?

The situation she found herself in may not have started out freely given, but she'd taken as much advantage of their predicament as he had.

"What's going on inside that head of yours?" he asked.

"Wouldn't you like to know?" She raised an eyebrow much like he had the first time they'd met.

He tugged her hands right above her head stretching her out. "I can do a lot more than get inside your head."

"You can only hear my thoughts when you're in wolf form." She gasped as the hand he released slid down their bodies. Crying out, Mary was a slave to the touch of his fingers as he slid a finger between her slit. His digit caressing over her cl*t made her want him so desperately. There was no way she could fight the building need within her. Zeke knew how to touch her in a way that drove her crazy and stopped her from fighting him. She'd become exactly what he said he wanted, a toy. Mary wanted him to play with her to bring her body to pleasure so undeniable that it stopped all other thoughts.

"Baby, I can hear you no matter what. There is so much to learn about you other than your thoughts." Fingers penetrated her pu**y making her gasp. "Your body, your smell, even the way you are around me tells me so much about you."

Biting her lip, Mary wanted to dispute everything he said, but she couldn't. There was no way for her to defend herself against her own feelings. She craved his touch more than she craved her next breath.

"You feel it, too," he said.

She nodded, gritting her teeth against the truth glaring her in the face.

"My body is the same as yours, Mary. I'm burning inside for you. You're so f**king sexy, you're turning me in knots."

What was he really trying to say?

"This is far more than sex, baby. You know it is. You feel it." His fingers fell from her pu**y replaced by the thick length of his cock. She cried out, arching up to him. His lips bit onto her nipple, sucking hard. The pain shot through to her clit. Wrapping her legs around his waist, she tightened her hold on him, drawing him in.

Zeke hadn't thrust the full length of his dick inside her yet. He was tormenting her with what he could give her rather than simply giving it to her.

Crying out, she bit into her lip begging for more.

"You see, baby. I can drive you wild without even trying." His hand returned to her clit, stroking as his c**k remained inside her not moving. "Can you feel me?"

"Yes," she said, moaning.

"Beg me."

She shook her head.

He continued to stroke her with his c**k still within her.

Don't beg. Don't beg. Don't beg.

Zeke kissed up her body, sucking on her neck. "You can fight me all night long. I'm not going to give up. I can do this all night and all day. Fucking you, teasing you, never allowing you to reach release."

His threat was a very real one. For the first time Mary whimpered, hating what he was holding over her head.

"I know you've been denied for a long time, Mary. You were a virgin in my arms. You've never known a male's touch. I can give you everything you desire. There is nothing I wouldn't give to see you splinter apart in my arms." He breathed the words against her ear. She was under no illusion that he wouldn't do what he threatened. "All you need to do is give yourself to me. I will take care of you, and I'll explore what you need. Every fantasy, every need would be ours to explore."

Licking her lips she looked into his eyes as he pulled back to stare down at her. All she would need to do was beg, and her heart's desire would be for her.

****

What would she do? Zeke didn't know if he'd pushed too far. She was begging him. His wolf was pushing against the walls of their bodies ready to mate. He knew without a shadow of a doubt that Mary was the woman he'd bitten. The one woman he was supposed to be with for the rest of his life. She was his mate. His father had confirmed it after their time together in the study.

Holding himself off her, Zeke waited.

What would it take for her to give herself to him?

You were the one who made her a toy.

He couldn't take back that moment. Zeke knew he wouldn't have felt her in his arms if he hadn't thrown out the ultimatum. He didn't know what he would have done when he got to her that night. There was no way he would have killed her. Did she even realize the power she had over him? Dani had the same kind of power over Roger. Mates were bound to follow each other. It was a blessing and a curse within equal measure.

"Please, Zeke, make love to me. Fuck me, give me everything." She begged him over and over again. Putting his hands on her hips, he pulled out of her tight heat until only the tip of his shaft remained inside. Staring into her eyes, Zeke felt himself fall. Mary was the love of his life. He knew part of his feelings was down to their mated wolves, but the other part was down to what he knew about Mary already. She was beautiful, stunning, perfect for him. Max and Jane loved her. His father loved her, and he knew his mother would feel the same way as well.

Tightening his grip he plunged inside her. Mary screamed as he f**ked her hard and fast never letting up.

"Touch yourself," he said, slamming inside her.

She ran her hand down her body. He loved seeing the way her fingers caressed over her full br**sts, which were bouncing with every one of his thrusts. When she started to touch her sweet bud he was ready to explode.

Harder and harder he thrust inside her, pushing as deep as he could.

"Yes, yes," she said, screaming the word out. Her feet dug into his back, and Zeke truly felt like he'd finally gone to heaven. Feeling the difference inside her was breathtaking. She was no longer a scared or shy little virgin but a woman intent on getting her pleasure.

Within seconds she cl**axed around him sending him over the edge with her tight cunt pulsing around him, drawing him in.

Growling, Zeke tensed as he felt his hands change around hers holding her down. She cried out, and before he could stop himself, he lunged for her throat tearing his mark deep into her core.

Her orgasm continued on giving him drive even as she tensed around him. He poured his scent into her core and the bite never wanting to let go. She was his woman, and even though he knew he should wait, he couldn't bring himself to wait.

Claiming her was the only way he was going to be able to carry on for the next month. There was no way he could leave without her.

When he'd taken his fill, Zeke retracted from her neck only to panic. She lay slumped in the bed. Looking at the bite mark he saw no problem. He'd not affected the major artery.

"Mary?" He shook her hoping she would respond to him. "Mary."

Pressing a hand to her neck, he felt her pulse was weak but there.

Jumping out of bed, he grabbed his phone dialing his father's number. He couldn't remember a single thing he said, but by the time he hung up his father and the doctor for the packs was on their way. Wrapping a robe around his body, he draped the blanket over her body checking to make sure she was still alive.

Pressing his head toward her stomach he sensed the life growing inside her. Shit, he'd never given any consideration to her condition. Feeling more like a bastard with every passing minute, he was desperate to hear the sound of the knock.

When the door finally banged he ran down the long hall and through the sitting room to find his father stood with his mother and the doctor, James.

"Come on, come through," he said.

Part of him was embarrassed for his mother to see his woman just after he'd made love to her.

"What happened?" James asked, putting his case down on the bed.

His mother, Helen, gasped and rushed to Mary's side. He was pleased she seemed genuinely concerned.

"I was making love, and the need to claim her overtook everything else."

"Son, it's not good for you to lose control at such a vulnerable time," William said. His father stood in the corner giving the doctor and Helen more room.

"William, dear, remember your claiming of me. It wasn't exactly planned," Helen said, looking up and smiling.

Glancing back he saw his father was blushing. Zeke did not want to know what his parents got up to before he was even conceived.

"She's breeding and a half breed," James said.

"If you've got a problem with my mate being a half breed then get the f**k out so I can find another doctor who can treat her."

William wrapped his arms around Zeke, holding him back. "Calm down, son. You're too close to the edge. Pull yourself back, or you'll regret it, and believe me when I tell you that you do not want to regret losing control."

Taking several breaths, Zeke stared at the doctor.

"I've got no problem treating half breeds, Zeke. I'm happy for men and women to find the one meant for them, and if that means turning humans, then so be it." James took a step back running his fingers through his hair. "No, I've got no problem with half breeds at all, but they come with complications themselves. Your woman is not as strong as your mother. She's in her needing, and I scent the conception of a young one. Zeke, the injections your wife has been getting binds the wolf into a box, and without the injections she's slowly coming back to herself but that is a long way off yet."

James pulled the sheet down turning her head to the side to examine the wound.

"You've bitten her good, but you have to remember she's part human. She will not heal as quickly as we do." There were several sighs and disapproving noises coming from the doctor.

"I can feel her heating up," Helen said.

"Yes, she'll be right as rain tomorrow. Her body is healing through a lot. The injections side effects will slowly fade, and with it, she'll get stronger. I think you'll be surprised by how strong your woman actually is." James cleaned the wound.

Mary whimpered.

His father's grip tightened, and he watched Helen comfort her. It should have been him by her side, holding her close.

"Does she know you're mated?" James asked.

"No. We have an agreement for the next month. She knows nothing else other than what her pack was up to."

"She's not part of their pack. Their scent would cling to her, and no matter what you did, Zeke, you wouldn't get rid of that smell. She's your pack. I'm surprised you couldn't smell it before." James leaned in close and inhaled. "Yes, she's all yours all right. The young one growing in her is yours as well."

Pride filled him at the power he showed. His woman was part of his pack already. Mary's place within his pack would also explain why his men were so polite and respectful to her.

"Zeke, I'm not impressed that you've gotten a woman pregnant without us even getting to know her," Helen said, scolding him.

"I'm happy for you, son. We breed good stock."

Helen rolled her eyes while William chuckled. Zeke didn't care about stock or anything other than knowing his woman was going to be safe.

James took her temperature and checked her blood pressure after cleaning away the damage he'd done to her neck.

"She's going to be perfectly fine," James said. "You'll have more trouble explaining yourself than anything else."

The doctor stood and made his way toward the bag he'd left at the base of the bed. "When you're ready give her these. They're tablets all pregnant females need. Human females only need to take one tablet a day whereas your woman will need to take two. Wolves digest faster than humans, and also she's a half breed and wouldn't need as much as a full breed." James packed everything away. "The moment she knows the truth bring her to me. I like to keep an eye on our pregnant bitches in case anything goes wrong."

"Mary," Zeke said.

"What was that?" James asked.

"Her name is not bitch. It's Mary. She won't take kindly to you referring to her as a bitch." Zeke wouldn't have any harm come to the woman that was his. It was bad enough that she'd suffered at Roger's and Dani's hands.

"I'll remember. There's nothing worse than a pregnant, temperamental woman, and our women can cause a fair few problems. It's a pleasure doing business. I'll see myself out."

Zeke stared at his woman wishing he'd held off. He would never get the sight of her being still out of his thoughts.

"I like her," Helen said. "She smells of everything good and perfect."

Smiling, Zeke nodded. "She's the one I bit outside of work. I've spent so long hunting for her and Debbie that I didn't even realize they were under my nose." Thinking about his sister he turned to his father. "Is there any news about her?"

"No, no news at all. It's like she didn't even exist the moment she escaped that f**king place," William said, cursing.

"William, please, language. I've told you, Debbie is alive. We would know if something happened."

His father closed his eyes, wiping at his eyes. "We've scoured the whole f**king forest. There is no sign of any other packs or our daughter. I'm telling you, she's f**king dead."

"Dad, it's not over yet," Zeke said. "If I can find my mate then we'll find Debbie."

Zeke truly believed his sister was out there. Debbie was a resilient person. If anyone could survive what Roger and Dani had thrown at her and escape then Debbie was the one.

Chapter Ten

Mary moaned as she rolled over. Her body was pounding, and the sounds coming from around her were not helping matters. The sun was too hot glaring at her. Falling to the floor she put a hand to her neck feeling the raw flesh that was slightly swollen.

Pulling her hands away she saw her fingers were clear. There was not a drop of blood on her fingers. Standing up, she stumbled into the bathroom where she found a chunk of her neck was red and swollen. Zeke's loss of control was staring at her blankly. Her hands were fine even though she recalled his paws had come through.

"Mary?" Zeke asked. Turning around she saw him leaning against the door frame, staring at her.

"What? What the hell happened? Why have I suddenly become a f**king chew toy?" She glared at him wondering how she'd survived the night. Pressing a hand to her stomach she was ready to call him out when another female was calling out her name.

Frowning, she stared at Zeke then past his shoulder.

"My mom and dad are here, and they're making breakfast. Mom makes a mean breakfast. I promise you won't be disappointed with what she makes," he said, stepping closer into the room.

"What?" she asked, pressing a hand to her forehead. Mary wasn't wearing any clothes, and the way she felt at that moment she wasn't prepared to deal with his parents.

"I know you've got a lot of questions," he said, moving closer.

Mary wanted to move away to not let him touch her, but she couldn't stop the yearning that built inside her. She wished for his arms wrapped around her.

"I will answer your questions and give you everything your heart desires. All I ask is that you come out and spend some time with my parents. It's not the whole family, just my parents."

Denying him was out of the question. "Fine. You've got to promise me that we'll talk, properly talk, and not just have sex."

The sex is so good.

Ignoring her body she stared at him waiting for him to refuse.

"Fine."

"Okay, I'll, erm, put some clothes on."

Zeke followed her back to the bedroom where he handed her some of his clothing. She wore a long t-shirt with a pair of drawstring shorts. They were too big for her body, but they covered her enough to give her some dignity.

"What if they hate me?" she asked, biting her lip with her nerves.

"Believe me, baby, they do not hate you. Mom wants to castrate me for keeping you to myself."

"We've barely known each other that long," she said.

"We've known each other for over a week, and for a lot of wolves that's a lifetime already." Zeke ran his hands up and down her arms.

Was he nervous?

"Come on, they want to meet you, and I'm tired of being hungry." Zeke took her hand leading her out of the safety of the bedroom.

"Wait, stop," she said.

"Dear, is that you? Does Mary like her bacon crispy?" the woman said.

"My mother is called Helen, and you know my father's name," Zeke said. "How do you like your bacon?"

"Crispy."

Pushing some stray hairs off her face, she followed behind into the open kitchen. The apartment was large enough to fit a whole family.

"Mom, Dad, I'd like for you all to meet my woman, Mary," Zeke said, holding her in front of him.

She saw his father first, and she smiled at him. Next, she saw the beautiful dark haired woman that looked a little like Zeke. Most of his looks came from his father.

"Hi," she said.

"Sweetheart, it's a pleasure to finally see you awake," Helen said, circling the counter. She wore an apron spattered with grease. "When William told me my boy had gotten a mate, I couldn't believe it."

The men in the room tried to hush Helen up.

Mate?

"Shut up, boys. She's going to know sooner rather than later." Helen stood in front of her. "Now, let me have a proper look at you," she said, cupping her cheeks and turning her head this way and that.

Mary went through the motions as the woman assessed her as if she was a prized cow. "What do you mean mate?" she asked.

The men tensed while Helen kissed her cheek. "It's so good to have another woman in the family. For some reason the line seems to breed a lot of men."

Helen eased her down into a chair at the counter. She noticed four settings with them all facing each other.

Was anyone going to explain the mate comment?

"Mate?" Mary asked again.

"Honey, my son has picked a fine woman in you." The raised flesh of her neck prickled.

We're mated. It's about time.

"I really don't know what you mean."

"Mary, honey, haven't you ever seen the marks of a mated female?" Helen asked.

"No," Mary said, glancing behind her at Zeke.

Zeke was glaring at his mother. If looks could kill she'd be nervous.

"Helen, that's enough," William said, speaking up. "We're going to have breakfast, and then we're going to leave them to their business. This is not our pack, and it's not our business."

The hairs on the back of Mary's neck stood on end. The Alpha within William was demanding obedience.

"I know. I know. You don't have to go all Alpha on me." Helen tapped his cheek as she passed.

All she wanted to do was get breakfast over with as fast as she could. Picking up her fork, she tensed when she felt Zeke sit beside her.

He made no move to speak to her, which she was thankful for.

During the breakfast Helen spoke of Zeke growing up, the good old days of being kids. She was given a rundown of embarrassing facts for all seasons. Throughout it all Mary relaxed even as she felt aware of Zeke at the same time.

With breakfast finished she started on the dishes as Zeke showed his parents out of the door. Sticking her hands into the soapy water she curved her hand around the blade of the knife. Zeke walked up behind her. When he was close enough to touch, she tugged the knife out of the water and brandished it in front of her. "You're going to start talking, or else I'm going to f**king hurt you," she said.

Her emotions were all over the place. Even as she brandished her knife at him, she couldn't help but think she was overreacting.

He held his hands up in surrender. The smile on his lips made her even angrier.

"What did your mother say about mating? Why did you bite my neck, and how did you explain your lack of control?" she asked.

"Let go of the knife," he said, reaching for it. Handing him back the knife, heat filled her cheeks.

"What the hell is wrong with me?" She touched her cheeks, wondering what the hell she'd done wrong.

"You're going through something." He stopped, looking down at the floor in front of him.

"What? What am I going through?" she asked, confused.

"My mother wasn't wrong. We're mated. Last night, I lost control."

Mary stared at him. The silence in the room was deafening.

"There's a lot of things you do not know," Zeke said.

"Well why don't you start telling me about all those things I don't know." She was tired of being kept in the dark about everything. Touching her neck, she felt the raised skin and wished there was something more she could do.

"I'll tell you. Can we do the dishes without you trying to kill me?" he asked.

Glaring at him, she finished doing the dishes as he dried them before putting them away. When she was finished Mary walked over toward the windows staring out over the city. She wasn't due back at work for another three weeks.

Running fingers through her hair, she tried to focus on the three weeks, but she was starting to think her time wasn't nearly over.

"You're not going to let me go after the month, are you?" she asked. She saw his reflection in the window.

"No, I'm not. I can't let you go."

Nodding, she felt tears sting her eyes. Mary knew she should be upset about his news, yet part of her was relieved to hear him not getting rid of her.

"What do you need to tell me?" she asked.

"I was the dog you saw down the alley," he said. His arms wrapped around her waist holding onto her tightly.

"What?"

"I'm the one who smelled you, Mary. I was the large black dog that couldn't resist you. I'd been scenting you for some time, and then you were coming out of the building and I couldn't stop. I was the one who bit you," Zeke said.

Her heart pounded as she recalled the black dog approaching. At the time she reached out, in an attempt to touch him. He'd struck, sinking his teeth into her arm. The pain had been excruciating. Afterward all she remembered were Roger and Dani. They'd taken her away from him.

"I had every intention of finding you. In fact, I never gave up trying to find you," he said, surprising her.

"You were looking for me?" she asked.

"Yeah. I asked Roger and Dani if they'd ever seen you before. They always told me no. I could never smell you. We believe the injections you were given were an attempt to mask your scent. They f**king succeeded as well."

"Why are you telling me all this?"

****

The big question he'd been waiting for. Licking his lips, he folded his arms and stared at her. "You're my destined mate, Mary." He settled for the truth.

"What?"

"Our wolves recognize each other. You're the woman I'm destined to spend the rest of my life with."

"How is that possible?"

Stepping closer, he invaded her personal space. "You can feel your wolf wanting me, Mary. She knows me. Our wolves are a perfect match, and if you give me a chance I'll prove to you that I'm the man for you."

She shook her head turning back toward the windows. "This is all so confusing."

Reaching out, he gripped her shoulders not wanting to let her go. What started out as her being his toy had developed into something far more. On the quest to find his sister he'd discovered the woman who'd settle his soul and tempt his body. "Give us a chance."

"The first time we met you had killed the leaders of my pack."

"They were using you as a f**king science experiment. The whole pack was as corrupt as their leaders," he said, trying to reason with her.

"You were going to kill a teenager. Jessica is too f**king young to die."

"I wouldn't have killed her." He admitted the truth to her.

She jerked, looking back at him. "What? Max told me this before. You don't need to say anything."

"Yes, I do need to say something. I'm not a monster, Mary. I wouldn't have killed her. I'd have pushed her aside. She didn't smell corrupt or anything like the rest of the pack. She smelled like you, innocent."

He heard and felt her take a deep breath. "This is the strangest thing that has ever happened to me," she said.

"I love you, Mary." Zeke figured he should be the one to put the words out there. She could do with them what she wanted, but he wasn't going to hide from his feelings.

She turned in his arms, staring up at him. "How do we know this is not because of the wolves? How can you love me? You don't even know me."

Taking her hand he pressed it over his heart. "Ever since I turned you, Mary, I've been looking for you. Your scent drove me crazy. I've never known a woman like you. None of the other women in the packs have been the one for me." Pressing his palm to her chest he felt the rapid beating of her heart. "I know you're perfect for me and for the pack."

"I'm a half breed. How can a half breed ever have a place in your pack? You're an Alpha, Zeke. You're not a half breed or a lower member or whatever. I don't even understand wolf politics," she said, arguing her point.

Cupping her face, he leaned down closing the gap between them. He caressed her lips with his own, stroking along the plump softness until he plundered her mouth with his tongue. She met him, caressing him back. Zeke felt his blood boil. The feelings built inside him to a fever pitch. Mary was his woman. Her wolf was a perfect match for him.

"You can't kiss me to make the problems go away," she said, whimpering.

"I can. I'm the f**king Alpha, and I can do whatever the hell I want." Running his thumb along her bottom lip he moaned as her tongue peeked out, licking him. "I need you to trust me," he said.

Her eyes were glazed over with tears. Her skin was running hot from a mixture of his kiss and the pregnancy.

You've got to tell her about the pregnancy.

First he needed for her to understand that they were a mated pair. Right now he felt his wolf purring at her closeness.

"I love you, Mary. This is right, and you know we're meant to be together."

Her hand was shaking as she pressed her palm against his chest. "Then show me," she said.

"What?"

"I've never seen a proper mated pair apart from Roger and Dani. Jane and Max I only ever really saw briefly. Show me a mated pair."

Grabbing his cell phone from his pocket, he dialed his father's number. "What's the matter, son?" he asked.

"This Friday, is it okay if I bring Mary to a pack gathering? She needs to see other mated couples, and I think it's time for her to see what it's all about to be a proper wolf." He didn't break eye contact with her. Zeke needed permission from his father before entering a pack gathering. William's pack was far bigger than his own because of how old his father was. Zeke hoped to create a good pack without fear of starting a war.

"I will accept. You'll need to let Mary know the laws of respect within a gathering, but I'm more than happy to have her be there," William said.

Zeke agreed and hung up the phone. "You want to see other mated couples? Then this Friday we'll be entering my father's territory. You'll see other mated couples, and there will be rules you'll have to abide by."

"What rules?" she asked.

Taking her in his arms, he led her over to the sofa. He needed to touch her in some way for him to know she existed.

"We're going into another territory, and with that we've got rules to follow."

"It's your father," she said.

Smiling, Zeke shook his head. "Just because we're related doesn't mean we don't follow rules. My father doesn't like conflict within his pack. When we go I'm submitting to his rules, and he is the Alpha while we're there."

"Which means?"

"We'll both be under his protection. Any arguments that happen will be handled by him. We'll be entering the gathering with you known as my woman, my mate. You cannot approach other males. This is purely for mated couples to be together. It's not sexual, but some nights it can lead to sex as tensions run high."

Teasing strands of her hair, Zeke couldn't stop touching her even if he wanted to. She leaned in close to him allowing his touch. Every move she made opened her up to his touch. The wolf within her was stroking along the surface trying to get closer once again. When they ran together he knew they'd be a force to be reckoned with.

"What else do I need to know?" she asked, breathlessly.

"You can't judge at all. There will be full breeds and half breeds, along with several couples with mixed breeding."

"Why would I judge? Love is love." She nuzzled his hand as she stroked his thigh.

Laughing, he cupped her cheek feeling the softness of her skin. "You'd be surprised how many people would judge my father or myself. You were the first half breed to join your old pack. From what I can gather you were the last."

She shivered, pulling away as he brought up the old leaders. "I hate them for what they did. How is Jessica doing?"

"She's getting better. Her memories are returning, and she hates the fact they've taken them from her." Zeke was sad thinking about the other girl.

"I bet. My time with them is fuzzy, but as the days go by I'm remembering more and more."

"I hope we caught them before they did something far worse," he said.

"What could be far worse?" she asked.

"If they've told someone about what they're doing. There are others out there with enough greed to look past experimenting on their own." Running a hand down his face, Zeke felt tired all of a sudden. Knowing there were people out there who wouldn't care about taking out other packs scared him far more than anything else.

"I hope you're right." She snuggled in against him. "You're so warm."

They were silent for several minutes. He stroked her hair relishing the time they had together without any fear or worry. His biggest concern was his missing sister. Zeke really hoped she was safe somewhere away from any danger.

"Tell me everything is going to be all right?" she asked.

Chuckling, he kissed her head. "Everything is going to be all right. I wouldn't let anything happen to you. That I can promise you."

The rest of the day was spent with her in his arms as they watched movie after movie. Zeke was content to simply hold her and never let go. Friday couldn't come soon enough, but he'd have to bide his time. He made sure not to speak of his feelings until then.

He wondered if Mary realized that everything she asked for he gave to her. They were mated, and denying her anything was no longer possible for him. He couldn't tell her she was pregnant yet. She clearly didn't know her condition, but she'd not long gotten used to being a wolf. Roger and Dani had taken away a lot of time for her to grow accustomed to her wolf and the change. He knew her wolf liked him, which was why the little bitch had been calm. It was only a matter of time before the wolf wanted to have one final run before she remained dormant for the baby to be born. The wonders of their kind were connected to the magic of birth. Before she entered the second month she could have one final change, but after that, she'd kill the baby. Crap. What was she going to do when she found out he'd knocked her up as well as claimed her?

Chapter Eleven

Staring around the room Mary saw over thirty different couples, mingling, talking, making out, or just sitting, petting each other. She wore a pair of jeans with one of Zeke's shirts. His scent surrounded her, and in the last the few days she'd found his scent calmed her nerves. Every now and then her stomach would turn and her wolf felt close to the surface, and that alone scared her. Whenever Zeke was with her the wolf within would settle.

She was starting to wonder who the actual master of her was, herself or Zeke.

He stood beside her dressed similarly in jeans and a shirt. At first Mary had been horrified by their lack of formal clothing. Zeke had laughed, reminding her that they were going to a room full of wolves. There was no need for formal clothing.

William and Helen had greeted them at the door. The couple seemed to be more in love than Mary remembered. Holding onto Zeke's arm she looked around at all the couples.

"How do you know they're mated?" she asked.

Zeke took her to a corner of the room, which gave them privacy but meant they were able to look around. "During a mating the male is not always gentle," he said, reaching out to stroke the raised flesh of her neck. "Most men will lay their claim around the neck for most wolves to see. It's a mark of ownership, love, and claiming but to also warn other males not to touch their property."

"So I'm your property now?" She folded her arms trying to cover her ni**les, which had budded.

He laughed. "Baby, your pu**y is dripping wet. You've been mine a lot longer than you've been my toy." He stroked a finger up her denim-clad thigh. "I'm being polite. Look around you, Mary. I know you can see the love, the need in every mated couple." He closed the small gap between them. "I also know you feel something for me. I know you've changed around me, and I also know that you've not been my toy for a long time."

"That's a lot of stuff you know," she said, moaning at his closeness.

Her body was on fire once again for his touch.

"It's not all I know." His hand slid up to cup her mound. "You're mine, Mary. Look around you. See for yourself."

She saw Max and Jane sat on the sofa talking with another couple she didn't know. Helen and William were close as they made their way around the room.

"These people are your family?" she asked.

"Not all of them are related, but we're all close." His other hand sank into her hair, tilting her head back. "All wolves feel related in some way. It's how I knew Roger and Dani had done something wrong. They no longer smelled like pack but of something corrupt and not very nice at all. They repelled me."

"What do I smell like?" She whimpered as his lips kissed along her neck. The air between them changed. It became suddenly charged with need, sex, and something far more. Mary knew Zeke was right. She was in love with Zeke. He was the first man to ever make her feel this way. She couldn't imagine her life without him, and that scared her.

All of her life she'd been under the impression that it took a lot longer than a couple of weeks to fall in love. Her wolf connected with his, and she found her dreams filled with images of them both together. Mary knew her future was with him, but she needed to be totally sure.

Seeing the couples together, Mary knew they were exactly the same.

"Heaven, like the best fruit or dessert on the table. You're everything I ever wanted. I could smell you in a crowded room or in the city. They took you away from me, but I won't let it happen again." His lips covered hers, and Mary accepted his word and his love.

The sound of someone clearing their throat pulled Zeke away from her body.

"Son, please, we try to keep things simple a little longer," William said.

Helen chuckled. "It's lovely to see you both here. When William told me you were coming I couldn't wait to see you again."

"What's the matter, Dad?" Zeke asked.

She sensed him tense as he took hold of her hand.

"I need to have a word with you, Zeke. Alpha to Alpha. Helen has offered to keep your mate company."

"Is it important?"

"Very. Otherwise I wouldn't ask at a mate gathering for a private word," William said.

"Okay." He turned to her. "I'm going to go, but I promise you Mom will take care of you."

Mary nodded. What else could she do?

"Zeke, wait," she said, wanting him to know how she felt. "I get it." Glancing down at the floor, she tucked some of her hair behind her ear. "I love you, too."

He paused, and then the biggest smile she'd ever seen brightened his whole face. "You pick the worst time to make me feel like the happiest man alive." Zeke caught her up in his arms. "I love you, baby, and I promise you I'll make this up to you."

His lips were hard, and she melted against him. Seconds later he wandered off, and she was alone with Helen.

The other woman wrapped her arms around her. "I'm so happy."

Laughing, Mary hugged the older woman back.

"My boy has spent so much time talking about you and how he'd find you. I didn't doubt his effort, but I started to think he'd been taking weed and simply imagined you into existence." Helen chuckled. "I know he's not a young boy anymore."

"Zeke talked about me?" Mary asked.

"Yes. He didn't know your name, of course. Zeke told us he knew you were the one. That boy will never back down from anything." Helen led her toward the sofas where several couples were groping or in different stages of undress.

"I, erm, I didn't even know his name."

"He's a good Alpha. Zeke knows to keep his feelings close to his chest. Like his father he has a select few people close enough to him that he can trust." Helen handed her a glass of dark liquid. "It's scotch, my dear. It'll keep you warm while they're away. Business will come first." There was a smile on her lips.

"How can you stand for the pack to come first?" Even as she said the words Mary knew she didn't care if the pack came first.

"I know, honey, that when my man gets me alone later tonight or even tomorrow or maybe in a week, he'll make it up to me." Helen closed her eyes.

Feeling like an intruder, Mary glanced away.

"Honey, I know my son, and he'll make it up to you in his own personal way. You'll be protected, and you'll never want for nothing."

Sipping at the scotch Mary tried not to cough at the strong burning taste.

"I wouldn't want anything from him. I'm happy just being around him," Mary said.

"You're becoming one of my favorite people." Helen touched her hand.

They were silent for a long time as the music picked up. She noticed several couples were already naked, and things had taken a different turn.

Not knowing where to look, she stared down into her glass.

"Wolves do not care about nakedness. Being na**d is more natural than being in clothes. I was surprised to see Zeke in clothes. He's more comfortable in shorts or anything that leaves him exposed," Helen said, explaining things to her.

Mary felt her cheeks heat up. "I guess I'm still new to it all."

The collar of her shirt was starting to itch. In the corner she saw Jane was naked. Her arms were wrapped around Max's neck as he kissed his way up to her neck before claiming her lips. The two looked oblivious to everything around them.

Her skin felt sensitive to the touch. She really wanted Zeke. Her need was growing, and her wolf was starting to wake up. Touching her fingers to her temple, she tried to take deep, calming breaths. The last thing she needed was to lose control in a room full of wolves.

"Mary, are you all right?" Helen asked. The concern got through Mary's clouded thoughts.

"No, I need Zeke."

We need our mate.

Shaking her head, she took several deep breaths, needing her man to calm the beast within her.

Change.

Mate.

Hunt.

"Mary, I need you to listen to me," Helen said. When the older woman touched her over-sensitive arm, Mary jumped back hissing. "Listen, bitch, this is my territory, and you will follow me."

The sympathy in Helen's eyes upset her. Mary felt the power pouring out of Helen, taking control of the situation.

"Listen to me, Mary, there are too many people. You can hurt us just as much as we hurt you. You're not pack, and you're here as a guest. Follow me, and I can protect you." Helen touched her, and Mary did everything she could to stop herself from screaming at the other woman.

****

"We've found her," William said, sitting behind his desk. Several pack leaders were stood around the room, staring at his father. Zeke couldn't believe he'd heard properly.

"What?" Zeke asked, stepping closer.

"Debbie, we've found her. She's in perfect health, but she needs all of us to go to her." William looked excited.

"Why are we sat here waiting? We should be there and bringing her back to us." They'd finally found Debbie. After all this time Zeke couldn't believe the news. His woman had just admitted she loved him, and now he knew his sister was alive. He couldn't help but feel happy with the news. His life was getting better. The future was looking amazing.

"She has asked for us to wait. I've got her location, and she's requested us to wait. Her situation is delicate, and the people she's with will not trust us. Dani and Roger have a lot to answer for," William said.

"I bet. Experimenting on our own kind or any kind for that matter is f**king abhorrent. I wish I was there to kill them again." the Alpha from one of the other packs spoke from the back.

Everyone agreed.

"What situation?" Zeke asked.

"Debbie was not the only one who escaped. Several people over the years had escaped. Dani and Roger have been doing this for years. The escapees have formed a pack, but they're, erm, they're used to living secluded, and they don't have a great deal of trust in our kind. Also, they tried to stay away from humans altogether. Debbie hadn't gotten the chance to contact us, but she finally got them to see reasoning with her getting in touch now." William ran a hand down his face. "Debbie likes them and wants us to wait so she can prove to them that they can trust us."

"Waiting the week will earn their trust?" Zeke spoke up not believing something so simple could earn their trust.

"Yes. The Alpha of her new pack has asked for the week to prove to them we can hold off, and then they'll accept them close to their territory."

"What about the experiments with Dani and Roger? How do we know it's over?" Zeke asked, thinking about his woman and the damage the others had done to her.

"Debbie has assured me they have the only person responsible for putting the idea into their heads. I trust your sister, Zeke. She's thorough and wouldn't lead us into a trap."

The other Alphas agreed. Zeke knew his sister was reliable and knew how to take care of herself.

"Okay. So what do you need from me?" Zeke asked.

"Next week we need you and Mary to come with us to the meet. They'll be bringing the man responsible for causing so much death. Together, we'll put an end to these bastards."

A knock on the door sounded making them all pause.

"Come in," William said.

Jane appeared looking troubled. She had a blanket over her nakedness. "Zeke, it's Mary. Her wolf is trying to claw her way out of Mary again. We need you. Helen can't keep her under control."

Running out of the room, Zeke followed the smell of his woman. He found her screaming in agony with Helen trying to keep her still.

"I'm sorry, son, I did everything I could."

Mary was crying as her arms turned at odd angles. Moving his mother out of the way he caught Mary up in his arms.

"Baby, I'm here," he said, wrapping his body around her.

She paused, giving him a chance to speak to her. The wolf inside her stopped.

"This is not the way I wanted to tell you, baby, but you're pregnant with my young." He pressed his hand to her stomach. "I need you to stop clawing your way out. You'll get your night under the moon soon enough. One more time, and then you've got to stop this."

"I'm pregnant?" Mary asked.

"Yes. I'm sorry, baby, I was hoping I'd have a little more time to tell you what had changed." He soothed her, urging the others out of the door to give them much needed privacy.

The door closed, and he tore their clothes off. The wolf was resting again satisfied with his claim over them.

"I can't believe I'm pregnant." Her hand went to her stomach.

"Are you not going to fight with me?" he asked.

"No, I can't fight with you." She wrapped her arms around him. Holding her close, he stroked her back and then cupped her ass, wanting to drive his c**k in deep. "I'm sorry for doing this."

"You're still new. I'll spank you in a few years' time if you're still doing it."

She chuckled. The sound lifted his heart. "Deal."

Kissing her neck, he felt his c**k thicken, ready to f**k her. "I know something else we could do," he said, biting her neck.

"Fuck me, Zeke."

"You read my mind." Pushing her to her back he slid inside her tight heat feeling her cunt grip him with each thrust.

She cried out. Her pu**y was already slick for him. Reaching between them he caressed her cl*t bringing her closer to orgasm. Within seconds she shattered around his shaft. He drove into her harder than ever before, claiming her lips, plunging his tongue inside.

Mary cried out around him. Her mouth opened, and he took full advantage.

Pulling out of her tight cunt, he turned her quickly until she was on her knees in front of him.

The tight puckered ring of her ass glinted up at him, shining from her leaking cream. Slamming back inside, Zeke stared at her ass knowing he was going to claim her.

Running his hands over her ass, he opened her cheeks wide, stretching her.

"Zeke, please," she said, moaning.

"Don't worry, baby. I'm going to take care of you." Fucking her hard and fast he felt the mating bond come over him. Reaching across the bed, he opened the drawer to find some lubrication. His father always made sure every room was prepared for any claiming. When he was younger Zeke had found it strange, but his parents had brought him up with the knowledge of being prepared.

Tearing off the cap, he coated his fingers and pressed them against her ass. She tensed up around his fingers. Caressing her back with his free hand Zeke worked his fingers inside her until she finally relaxed around his invading digits.

"I love you, Mary. I'd never let anything happen to you. You're my woman, my mate, and I live to serve you," Zeke said, saying the words with all his heart. What had started out as a simple contract of her being his toy had developed into something far more beautiful. Mary was his mate, and she carried his young.

"I love you, Zeke. Everything I am is yours." She spoke the words she knew. Considering she'd not been trained with proper wolf etiquette, Zeke was impressed.

He moved out of her pu**y, coating his c**k with the remaining lube before pressing the tip back to her ass.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm going to f**k your ass. I promised you I would."

Zeke smelled her arousal, which had deepened since he mentioned taking her ass.

"Yes."

She cried out as he pressed the tip of his c**k to her anus. Mary didn't fight him, but it took her several minutes to relax once again.

Slowly he guided himself into her ass. When she'd taken the whole of him, he caressed her back soothing her with words.

"I'm inside you, baby."

The mating scent filled the room surrounding both of them. By the time he left this room any other bitch who went near him would know he belonged to another woman. Zeke felt the primal instinct to f**k come over him. Gripping her hips, he pulled out of her ass, watching himself appear. Plunging back inside, Zeke f**ked her ass hard feeling her tighten around him.

"Are you going to come, baby?" he asked.

"Yes."

He touched her clit, caressing the nub. Within seconds she shattered, and her ass**le tightened around his cock. Crying out, Zeke knew he wouldn't be able to last. Fucking her ass hard, Zeke felt the stirrings within. His natural mating scent overrode everything else and poured into her body.

Groaning, Zeke tensed as his cum shot into her ass. He didn't move away from her and pushed inside one last time. When the orgasm started to ebb away, he collapsed down beside her.

"Wow," she said. "I had no idea this full moon was going to be any different."

He laughed. "You're pregnant and mated. It just goes to show how life can change instantly. Would you change anything?"

"Yeah, I wouldn't have trusted Dani and Roger so quickly," she said, wiping the sweat from her brow.

"Not all of us are like that. I promise you." Kissing her neck he slowly eased out of her ass.

"I think it's a bath time for both of us."

Lifting her up, he carried her through to the bathroom. She stayed still as he filled the bath with water. Placing her in the hot water, he slid behind her, wrapping his arms around her body, holding her close.

"I will never get tired of this," she said.

Closing his eyes, he inhaled her fresh, loving scent. "And I know I'll never grow bored. You know what this means, don't you?" he asked.

"What?"

"You'll have to marry me. I'll organize everything, and all you need to do is show up."

She laughed, sitting back against him.

"What was your meeting about with your father?" she asked.

"They've found Debbie." He told her every single detail about what had happened in his father's office.

"A whole new pack?"

"Yeah. I don't know what it means, but he suggested Debbie was with them. I'm going to need you with me for when this goes down, baby. With you there I imagine it will help ease any tensions." He hated asking this of her, but he didn't see any other choice.

"You want me to come with you to the meeting? I thought your dad already ordered it?" She looked up at him.

"He's ordered it, but I'm still your Alpha. You don't follow orders from anyone but me."

"In the bedroom or out of it?" There was a glint in her eye that he'd never seen before. Bending down, he rubbed his nose against hers.

"Both, baby. Don't you forget who's the boss here."

"As if I could ever forget. I'll be there for you on Friday. It's the least I could do, and it's not like my time with you is over yet."

"Bitch, our time together has only just begun." He claimed her lips knowing in his heart that everything was going to be okay.

Chapter Twelve

The following Friday Mary stared across the field at the oncoming pack approaching. There were so many of them yet so few on William's and Zeke's side. If anything bad was about to happen she knew they were outnumbered and trapped. There would be no safety for any of them. Tightening her hand around Zeke's she felt him tense beside her. Over the last week the bond between them had tightened. During their time together she found out they actually worked in the same building. Where she stayed close to the ground floor never venturing upwards, Zeke spent most of his time on the top floors never really leaving them. By the time he would have crossed her scent it would have disappeared, given how many people worked in the company.

He was the CEO of the firm she worked in. She learned a lot of wolves actually owned some of the more profitable companies out there, so they could control their breaks around the full moon.

"There's my sister," he said.

"Where?" She looked at the array of people approaching them and couldn't find a single person.

"There." He pointed to the woman beside a large, muscular man.

"Come on, boys, we're not getting any younger," William shouted at all of them. There were not many on her side, and she was starting to wish she'd turned down the request to accompany them.

"Everything will be all right," he said.

"How do you know? I feel like I'm in some historic movie about to walk into battle." They were dragging something along with them. Across the distance she saw the rope wrapped around a man's neck. The man in question was bleeding and bruised.

In no time at all they were less than few feet away from each other.

"Father, brother, Alphas," Debbie said, walking close. The scent coming off Debbie was the same as the big giant holding the string. "This is George. He's an escapee like me, but he's been surviving a lot longer than I have. They took him over ten years ago and kept him for five years before he was strong enough to break free." Debbie looked back longingly. "He saved me, and he's my mate."

"Honey, congratulations. I'm so happy to see you're alive." William stopped. Mary heard the emotion in his voice. He was struggling to keep himself together. "Why didn't you come to us sooner?"

"With Roger and Dani alive I couldn't risk it. They were dangerous. When the news of their slaughter came to us, we knew we needed to wait. It was never about hiding, Dad. We're a pack all together. Some of us are half breeds, others full breeds. We're mixed but bound together by what they did to us. I smell one of us amongst you, and I know she's covered in Zeke's smell," Debbie said.

Mary raised her hand in greeting, thinking about Jessica.

"What the hell happened out there, Debs?" Zeke asked.

"I went out to find information on the missing bodies. There were too many to count. Roger and Dani didn't keep documents of the people they killed. Some of the bodies they dumped out were not dead." Debbie stopped to look behind her. "All of these people survived what they did. This man." Debbie pointed at the one who was bleeding. George pulled him in front, presenting him to them. "He's the one responsible for the experiments. His name is Luther Dale. He's a scientist and a half breed."

George grabbed Luther around the neck. "He's the one who encouraged Roger and Dani to capture others like us," George said, snarling in the man's face.

Mary watched unable to speak out.

Debbie threw a bag onto the ground. "He's a half breed. He was turned by a full breed female, and he hated his condition so much he started to experiment on himself. Binding himself up so the wolf within was trapped unable to get out."

"It worked," Luther said, glaring at all of them. "You're all f**king monsters. I showed that bitch who turned me not to mess with me. Fucking turning me against my will, the furry disgusting whore. I killed her, and then I went to Dani and Roger. They were going to be my next victims. I'm going to rid this world of you evil f**kers, and I'm going to swim in the blood I spill. I'll tear you all apart, limb from f**king limb."

The venom pouring from his mouth startled Mary. Taking a step back, she felt her body tightening, ready to strike out and kill him.

"He promised them complete power over the wolves. With the injections and experiments he hoped to kill every last breed out there," Debbie said. Tears were leaking from her eyes showing her pain.

"I would have succeeded as well until they discovered what I was doing," Luther said.

"What were you doing?" William asked.

"I was killing off their projects. They thought I was helping them to build a better race. I would never help some f**king dogs." Luther spat on the ground. "You're f**king animals, and the sooner you're all dead and gone, the happier I'll be."

Forcing her way forward, Mary glared at him. "I was newly turned, and you experimented on me?"

"No, I was far gone by then. When they found out what I was up to I escaped," Luther said, glaring at her. The look in his eyes scared her. The evil lurking in his depths was so pure, so filled with hatred.

"But Dani and Roger continued their experiments. He planted the seed in their heads, and they were going to kill everyone just like he imagined," Debbie said, wrapping her arms around George.

"These are my people, and they want him dead. I will give it to them. Debbie, my love, requested you got the chance to see the evidence before we kill him," George said, holding onto his mate tightly.

Mary recognized the bond as she felt it with Zeke.

"This man is of no use to us. I would never condone taking a life, but seeing as this man has taken many of ours and there is no human law that can keep him bound, I think it's only best you deal with him in your own way," William said. He turned to the rest of the Alphas. "If any of you dispute my statement then I suggest you stand here and now and vouch for this murderer."

Going to Zeke's side, Mary snuggled against his warm heat, inhaling his comforting scent. "I love you," she said.

"This will all be over soon. When it is, you and I are going to have some fun away from all of this shit."

She liked the sound of that.

No one stepped forward. George released the string around the man's neck. Luther ran off the moment he was free. Mary watched as the pack Luther had tested and used, turned into their wolves and charged after the man trying to escape.

Mary turned away the moment they caught him. She didn't need to see more than necessary. The screams were enough for her to know that the man was indeed dead.

Debbie ran to her father, hugging him tightly. Zeke stepped up, with her attached to his side, to glare at George.

The large man glared back with equal measure.

"I don't know who you are, and I really don't care. You hurt my sister, and I'll kill you," Zeke said.

"Is this your mate?" George asked.

"Yes, Mary, this is George. George, this is Mary." As quickly as the tensions rose they were defused. She stood with her man as he talked with George and the other Alphas. Mary was taken aback by how quickly they all accepted her as Zeke's mate.

Debbie hugged her close, and while the men were talking, they were getting to know each other. "I'm pleased my brother finally found you," Debbie said.

"I am, too. I didn't know he was my mate." Mary looked behind to see Zeke staring at her ass. Heat filled her cheeks as she looked at Debbie.

"Don't be embarrassed. It's the wolf way to let their woman know what's coming to them. My brother is in love with you. Anyone who knew what love was can see it."

Smiling, Mary tucked some hair behind her ears. "You're mated as well?"

"Yeah, George saved me. I was in the river about fifty miles from where Roger and Dani held me. I was dying. I could smell death on me. He helped me out of the water. I was freezing to death. George and the pack nursed me back to health."

"He didn't keep you against your will?" Mary asked.

"No, I could have left at any time. I didn't want to. Why leave someone you know you're going to love for the rest of your life? He's my soul mate," Debbie said.

"I know exactly what you mean."

Afterward, she took Zeke's hand, and together they headed off into the night. Nothing else could go wrong as far as she was concerned.

****

"My pack love and adore you, Mary. This is your final time to be able to run wild. Come on out of the bathroom and stop being a big baby," Zeke said. Over a week had passed since he'd seen his sister. He visited her regularly and was helping the pack acclimate since their capture and torture.

"I'm coming out. I'm not used to being naked, you know?"

"It's not like you have to get dressed, baby. Get your clothes on, and come on. We've got to go. Jessica is already out there in wolf form." He wasn't going to tell her that Jessica had gotten the chance to hide behind a bush to change. The pack had adopted little Jessica as their own wolf, and she lived with him and Mary. He liked having the young girl around. Jessica had a way about her that meant Mary gave her everything she wanted. He was using the girl to adopt the skill. So far he'd not been successful, but it had only been a week.

"Whatever. I'm coming out."

The door to the bathroom opened, and his shining star stared back at him. Her hands cupped her stomach. She wasn't even showing yet, and she was making excuses about being fat.

"You're beautiful, baby," he said.

"I'm fat."

"I will smack that ass if you say such a thing. You're a beautiful, sexy, desirable woman. I love you, and my pack will love you. We're your family." He took her hands leading her outside to the cool air. "This is going to be your last chance to shift with the baby on the way."

She pouted, and he found it the most adorable thing in the world.

"I love you," he said, kissing her lips.

"I hate you."

"No, you don't. Stop trying to lie." He led her down the hall then the stairs until they were at the front door.

Mary dug her heals in refusing to budge. "I will throw you over my shoulder and take you out there either way. It's up to you," he said.

"Fine. I'm coming, but you're not being fair at all." She tried to pull out of his arms.

He wouldn't release her. Opening the door, he led the way out to the full moon sky. His pack was all around basking in the glow of the final full moon. Zeke was happier when her saw Jane and Max were the closest of all of his pack. Mary was closest to Jane as the two women were half breeds together.

"Can I turn now?" she asked.

"No, not yet. Stop being impatient with me." Leading her out as far as he dared Zeke faced the men and women of his pack. "I would like to present to you all my mate, Mary. This will be her last shift as she's carrying my baby." Pressing a hand to her stomach, Zeke was happy when she didn't slap his hand.

The wolves all howled together showing him their acceptance of what he'd declared.

"Take care of her. She's your Alpha's queen." Another waves of howls greeted them.

"Is it good that they're howling?" she asked.

"Yes, they accept you, baby. They're going to take care of you like I am. Nothing is ever going to harm you again."

Jessica approached in wolf form. Zeke tensed as she sat back on her hindquarters. For some reason he expected her to pounce, but she bowed down in submission accepting her new pack.

"Easy, girl," Zeke said, touching her head.

The girl whimpered before walking off.

"You're not going to get rid of her, are you?" Mary asked.

"She's ours now, baby." Kissing on the lips he released her hand and slowly turned into the form of a wolf.

"You've done good, Alpha."

"She's going to be a fine woman for you."

"Congratulations on a mate and a pup."

He listened to the words of his men knowing he'd made the right choice for his life and for his pack.

Mary stared at him. Her hand reached out toward him. She'd done this once before, and he'd bitten her. Bowing his head, he offered her a chance to stroke him. Her fingers sank into his hair.

"You're so beautiful," she said.

Waiting patiently, he watched her gaze up at the full moon, and slowly, gracefully the full brown wolf stared back at him.

"Thank you for not biting me this time."

"You're welcome."

He drowned out the noise of their pack for this time. Mary didn't need to know some of the men's erotic thoughts when it came to her. She knew more than enough for the time being. Zeke wasn't the only one in his pack who thought Mary was a sexy woman.

"Enjoy your night, baby. It's going to be your last for a while."

She bowed her head and then took off. The pack was running around wild throughout the night. He heard some of them chasing after deer or wild forest animals. Others were taking the time to run. He followed Mary toward the lake they'd visited once before. She ran around for several miles, howling up at the moon. Zeke stayed close by her side the whole time. She showed no signs of slowing down or being injured.

"Are you scared?"

"No, I'm concerned. Your safety is my first priority."

Mary charged at him, banging his side with her nuzzle. "Have some fun." She took off in the opposite direction of the waterfall. Giving her several seconds' head start, Zeke laughed inside and then chased after her. He wouldn't mind spending the rest of his life having to chase after her.

"Keep up, slow coach."

Running after her Zeke allowed her to think she was winning. He could have taken her at any time. She circled around to the waterfall. Before he could stop her she jumped over the edge into the plunging water. Halfway down he saw her turn into a human and give herself over to the water. He was so angry. Zeke turned into a human before jumping over the edge. When he got her back in his arms he was going to spank her until her backside was red f**king raw.

Coming up for air he saw Mary was floating on her back staring up at the moon.

"Are you f**king insane?" he asked.

"What?" She turned her head to look at him.

"Have you lost your mind? Jumping off the f**king edge is not f**king funny," he said, feeling his temper start to cool as she smiled at him.

"I didn't mean to upset you. I loved the rush the last time we were out here." She moved to his side, wrapping her arms around his neck. "I love you, Zeke. I wanted to remember our night together. You, me, the full moon. Can't you see what I wanted? This is a beautiful spot and perfect for us to spend the night together."

Her lip quivered, and he was a goner. Zeke couldn't stay made at her. "Don't do shit like that again," he said.

"You're a sucker when it comes to me, aren't you?"

"You've got that right, baby. I couldn't handle anything happening to you. You're my future."

She dropped a kiss to his lips. "We've got to plan a white wedding."

"You're not a virgin, baby. I took care of that." He grabbed her ass, squeezing her flesh.

Mary laughed. "I was a virgin, and you owe me. I'm having a white wedding, and you're not going to take that away from me."

"I wouldn't dream of taking anything from you, baby. You remember who you belong to, and I'll give you whatever you want."

She kissed his lips, and he opened up for her. Mary plundered her tongue into his mouth. Their moans were drowned out by the rushing of the water. Holding her tight, he pressed her against the edge of the fall. She gasped, wrapping her legs around his waist as he found her core.

"If you play your cards right, Alpha, I'll be your toy for far longer than tonight," she said.

"Babe, you'll never be anything but my toy." He teased her, slamming into her molten heat. "By the end of the night you'll scream my name as you beg for more."

She leaned in close to whisper against his ear. "You'll be screaming just as much."

Zeke had no doubt of what she'd get him to do. He was her slave just as much as she was his toy. With the full moon glaring around them, Zeke took her hard, making love to her in the water. They were a mated couple, destined by fate, and made real by the love glowing between them.

Epilogue

Six Months Later

Glancing over the latest instructions in cot building Mary was at a loss. She listened to the pack working on the repairs she'd requested on the house. With the big day drawing near she'd been confined to the pack house in order to rest and not overexert herself. It was all right for Zeke as he was still allowed to work. She'd been confined to rest by the pack doctor, James.

Even though Zeke asked her not to she'd checked James's credentials. She didn't trust a doctor who demanded bed rest from a woman seven months pregnant. Okay, she wasn't a doctor, but she hated being put on bed rest, and it wasn't exactly bed rest, just rest.

Blowing the hair off her face she stared down at her rounded stomach. "I hope you come out soon, buddy. I need to get out and shift or do something. I'm getting bigger than an elephant." Rubbing her stomach, she glanced down at the instructions. Making a cot shouldn't be this difficult. It was her first time trying to make anything.

Pushing her hair out of her way she knelt over the wood trying to figure out what each piece was.

The men were hammering away giving her a new porch. Zeke's instructions were plain: do what she said.

Mary had hated it at first, but having a pack full of men wanting to be nice was a welcome relief. She was never without company. Jessica was also being taught at home, and she had some company at all times.

"Zeke's going to have a fit when he sees what you're trying to do," Jane said, walking in with milk and cookies.

"Is that for me?" she asked.

"No, I've brought you milk and cookies to tease you. Of course they're for you." Jane placed the tray on the nearest free surface before taking a seat. "Let's have a look at what you're trying to do."

Handing Jane the instructions Mary took a bite out of the baked cookies. After twenty minutes both of them hadn't assembled the tough cot.

"This is for your man," Jane said.

As if Jane's words brought him to life, Mary looked in the doorway to see Zeke leaning against it. "I told you I'd deal with the cot when I got home."

"I was bored, and you won't let me do anything."

"You're pregnant. Carrying my baby and you're a half breed. James instructed you to rest because of the dangers you face."

Jane made herself scarce as Zeke entered the room. He picked her up from the floor, kissing her deeply before going to his knees to kiss her stomach.

"Now, my dear wife, what can I help you with?" She stared at the ring on his finger showing to the world who he belonged to.

"Nothing. You can kiss me and tell me how sexy you think I am." She wrapped her arms around his neck and felt her cheeks heat as she struggled to get close to him. Her large stomach was once again in the way. "Forget telling me what you think of me."

"Hey, you're my beautiful, sexy, pregnant wife, and I'm going to love you no matter how big you get with my baby."

"Big?"

He silenced her with his lips, and Mary couldn't remember why they were having a little argument. The last six months had been bliss. She'd been mated, married, knocked up, and treasured. With Zeke's arms wrapped around her, Mary felt like the luckiest woman in the world. The cot could wait, and so could all the repairs to the house. When Zeke, her Alpha, her husband, was home, everything else could wait.

"I love you, baby."

"I love you, too."

Two months later, Mary gave birth to a strong healthy boy. She'd never forget the look on Zeke's face as he stared down into his son. It was then she truly knew their love was absolute. The way he was looking at his son was similar to the way he looked at her.

The End

