Prologue

Five years ago

James Castleden stared at the woman in front of him. They'd been dating for a short time. In all of that time he'd kept this side of himself hidden. He wore no shirt, and his leather pants didn't help him. When he was helping train a sub he liked wearing his leather pants. It was a strange kink he held, disciplining a woman and dominating her. He'd accepted who he was, even though he'd hidden that part of himself away from Veronica. For the first time he'd thought he could really make a go of it, to finally have a vanilla relationship with a woman. He'd been wrong. No matter how many hours he spent with Veronica, his true self couldn't be denied.

She wasn't supposed to see what was held in the dungeon. His lifestyle wasn't open for her to stare at or ridicule. Veronica Star looked at him like he was some evil person. She was his waitress at Ravage, but her job description was confined to the top level not here.

"How could you do that? What is this place?" she asked.

"This is who I am, Veronica."

He saw her gag in disgust. He placed the coiled whip down on the table in front of him. They were in one of his private rooms where couples could go after a session for some quiet time.

"You're disgusting. I let you near my sister," she said.

James got angry. Prudence Star was not in any danger with him. There was no way he'd ever allow anyone to hurt the younger woman. At eighteen she was a breath of fresh air in his jaded life. From the moment he'd met her, he'd seen she was different. Young, fresh, and seeing the whole world for the first time. He enjoyed being around her because she didn't expect anything from him other than the pleasure of his company.

"Don't you f**king dare insinuate anything about her." He moved closer invading Veronica's space. The woman flinched once then glared at him. He saw her true colours, and he didn't like it. At one time he'd thought she was the one. He loved watching her. The graceful way she walked around his club. The kindness in her eyes as she smiled at him.

She was different from the other women, and different from her sister. Veronica was still pure in her own way.

This side of her was a different matter. She wasn't open or giving him a chance to explain. Veronica was going on the defensive, and he hated it. So many people tried to judge him about his lifestyle, and they had no right to.

"You kept this from me. What else have you kept from me? I know Prue likes you. I've seen the way you two are with each other."

James placed a hand over her mouth. "Don't go down that road. You're angry at me, not with her. She's your sister, and I saw her as such."

"I don't get this lifestyle, James. I see it is a part of you, and I refuse to be part of it."

"Then I guess we're done here," he said. At one time he'd really thought she was the one woman for him. He couldn't believe how wrong he'd been.

"My notice is effective immediately," she said.

"I expected as much."

She moved toward the door. Her back was ramrod straight as she walked toward the door. His heart ached for what he could have had with her.

"I suggest you keep what you saw down here to yourself," he said, thinking about the repercussions at the last minute.

Veronica turned to him. "What?"

"You may hate everything you see here, but that contract you signed when you first started working for me is binding for all parts of the club. Not one word to anyone, otherwise there will be consequences."

She shook her head. "I can't believe I thought you were the one."

"Then it is a good job you got out before I did something sick to you."

"Promise me one thing," she said.

"What?"

"You'll protect Prue. I don't want her mixed up in a place like this."

"I think that is her choice to make."

"Please, I know you care about her."

She was right. He really did like her sister.

"Fine, I'll make sure."

"Good." Veronica left.

The moment she walked out of the door, James felt like a wretched shit. He kicked the chair across the room trying to rid his body of the anger the confrontation had caused.

He'd wasted his time. James knew he should have been open with her. Veronica was different from the women he'd dated.

James grabbed the coiled rope from where he'd placed it and walked out of the room. Cadeon greeted him as he moved back to the club.

"Trouble in paradise?"

"It was never paradise," James said, grabbing his drink off the table.

"I knew it wasn't."

"What do you mean?" James asked, staring at his friend.

"You never cared about where she was." The few words made James angry. "Before you start ranting and raving at me, let me explain. When she was around, you had no desire to keep her clamped to your side. The men she served drinks to would touch her butt, and yet, you wouldn't respond."

James listened, not liking what the other guy was saying.

"There is a reason we're who we are, James. If she was the right woman it wouldn't matter where you were. No man would be allowed to touch her without your anger rising. Your need to know where she was would consume your every waking moment. If Veronica was your woman then you wouldn't be down here training a sub. You'd be wherever she was."

"Maybe my father was wrong. This is in my blood. The possessive crap is not."

"It is not crap. You'll sense it with the right woman."

"Have you found it yet?" James asked.

Cadeon smiled. "I've not felt the full pull of possession and need. I've sensed it with some women I've dated. There is a woman out there for me. I'm waiting for her to fall right into my arms or my office. In fact, I wouldn't care where she fell as long as I was the man to catch her."

James smiled at his friend's description, unable to argue with his words. Veronica hadn't invoked that kind of need, but he'd thought she was the one. He thought about Prudence, her younger sister. He'd never see her again, and he knew he'd miss her. James hoped she got everything she wanted out of life. She was sweet and deserved so much happiness.

He didn't understand why he felt a sudden twang in his heart at the thought of Prudence happy with another man. James really wanted her to get everything she wanted out of life.

****

"You dumped him? How could you, Veronica? He was a cutie and so nice," Prudence said. Her textbook lay open on her lap. She was in her first year of college and was struggling through her courses, not that she'd tell her sister who excelled at everything.

"Not everything is about looks, Prue." Her sister was banging some saucepans down on the hob. She winced listening to her sister bang around.

Prue knew it wasn't about looks. James was so much more than something pretty to look at. She'd been intrigued by him from the first moment she met him. His dark brown eyes seemed to look at her and have so much knowledge about her from a single glance. She really liked him and would miss talking to him. They'd only talked a few times, but she felt like they'd connected.

"He's older than you, Prue. Don't even start thinking about it."

Prue blushed and was pleased her sister wasn't witness to it. His age didn't bother her. She liked the man he was, not what was in his bank balance or the way he looked. He was unlike any other man she'd ever seen.

"I don't want you seeing him, Prue. I mean it."

"You don't have to keep saying my name, Veronica. I get it. James is out of the picture." Prue glanced down at her book as a wave of sadness consumed her. She'd never see him again, and she didn't like it. Prue knew he'd never look at her like he did her sister. Veronica was perfect whereas she was not.

Pushing those thoughts to the back of her mind, she concentrated on her textbook. The last thing she needed was to flunk any of her classes. She was only just making the grade now. Her parents would be on her case if she failed anything.

The sounds of the pots and pans banging around in the kitchen faded from her mind as she thought about James. She didn't understand her desire for him. His age and his relationship with her sister should put her off, they didn't.

She must be the worst sister in the world.

Chapter One

One year on from His Obsession

Prudence Star stared up at the blaring light outside of the night club, Ravage. One small and simple word and yet to her it held so much meaning. Two of her friends had become regular members of the club while she'd held back, scared to take the next step. Ever since the media had covered the exclusive club she'd been waiting for an opportunity to visit James. The owner had dated her sister for a short time. Prudence had only met him a couple of times. The few chance meetings had left a lasting impression, on her at least.

"Are you coming, Prue?" Her friend called to her pulling her out of her thoughts. All of her friends shortened her name down, and she was more than happy with that. She hated her first name.

"Yeah, I'm coming." She followed behind Anya and Becky in the hope of trying to calm her raving nerves. She'd been in many clubs in her older years. Prue didn't know why this one was making her so nervous. She pushed her hair out of her eyes in order to stop her hands from shaking. Ravage was a club like every other club she'd visited. Get a grip. The media had been inside the club. Prue could recall the anger on James's face at having his place invaded. She knew James preferred his privacy. He never gave anything away about himself unless he had to. The man on the front door gave them a once-over. Prue didn't like the feel of his eyes on her body. There was only one man she wanted to look at her body, and this guy wasn't him.

Stop thinking like that. You promised to deliver this stupid letter for your sister. Also, you want another look at the man who's been plaguing your dreams for the last few years.

James had begun dating her sister while Prue was only eighteen. There were only seven years between her and Veronica.

"You don't look old enough," the doorman said.

Prue blushed. What more was she supposed to do? Her face might look young, but her body was that of a woman. How could the man mistake her for being younger than twenty-one? Her two friends sniggered. She shot them a glare. Opening her coat wider, she placed a hand on her hip and stared at the man in front of her.

"Are you trying to tell me that I don't look old enough to be here?" she asked.

"Last time I checked, Veronica's little sister was not allowed inside this club. You're too young, sweetheart. When I started working for the club I was ordered not to let you inside."

"Not too young to stare at, though." She snapped at the man feeling really annoyed at her sister's protectiveness.

"What can I say? I like looking at beautiful women, and you're a beautiful woman, Prudence." Anya and Tonya were giggling as they made their way inside the club.

"I'm going to have to get this checked by the big man himself," the guy said.

She growled. "You do know it has been five years since my sister quit this place?"

"So? You can never be too careful, especially with all the press lurking about trying to get inside." A scowl replaced the easy smile on his face. She wondered how bad things had gotten. The press release about this place being a BDSM club was leaked months ago. Why were so many people desperate for a piece of this place and that other club, Possession?

"Do I need to wait outside?" she asked. The cold nights were back with vengeance. She didn't mind the cold so long as she wasn't outside feeling the worst of it.

"No, you can wait at the bar while I go and check out some ID."

"Don't you need my ID?" she asked.

"Nope, I've got my orders, Prue."

He took her by the elbow leading her through to the bar. From what she saw passing through the club looked like any ordinary club. It had a long bar with booths or tables dotted around. The colouring was dark with plenty of spot and head lights around. The dance floor was heaving with sweaty bodies. She stared longingly. Prue loved to dance. The guy placed her on her seat. She sat down feeling like a told-off schoolgirl rather than the twenty-three year old woman she actually was.

"This is ridiculous," she said.

"Sorry, babe, rules are rules."

He signalled the bar tender. "She is Veronica's little sister. Make sure she doesn't have anything alcoholic."

"I'm over twenty-one."

"Sure thing, Leo. Be careful, James is not in the best mood tonight."

She heard Leo groan then leave. "That guy is named Leo?" she asked.

The barman nodded.

"After the painter?"

The barman nodded once again.

"Do you have a name?" she asked.

"Jermaine, miss. I'll get you some water."

Prue knew it was useless to even try to argue with the man. She spun round on her seat and watched the dancing couples. The heat radiating around the club was becoming uncomfortable. She stood up and removed her full length coat. Sitting back down in her chair, she watched Jermaine approach. He looked her over and stopped. Her face might be young like she thought before, her body however, was all woman in all the right places. She wasn't model thin or massively overweight. At least to herself she wasn't overweight. Her body shape had always been on the bigger side. Her h*ps were always larger, and her br**sts were the same. She did have a small waist, compared to the rest of her. Her thighs were large as well. Veronica had been the thin girl in the family with the golden hair and kind eyes, while she'd been on the chunkier side. When she stood next to her slimmer older sister she thought she looked like an elephant. It was when she was around her family when she felt she didn't like herself. She loved her body and had learned to accept her curves, with the help of a professor while she was at college. She would never tell anyone about that part of her life. Jermaine handed her over her drink. She thanked him then continued to stare at the sea of bodies.

"Are you really Veronica's little sister?" Jermaine asked.

"Did you know my sister?"

"Yes, she was a heck of a good barmaid and one hell of a waitress when she needed to be. Leo has only been with us a year. James makes sure everyone knows you're not allowed inside. It was one of his rules when Veronica left."

That was Veronica all over. Her elder sister would excel at everything.

"Yeah, I'm her younger sister."

Someone whistled from the bar to gain his attention. Prue watched him walk away. She picked up her water and sipped out of the straw he'd given her.

Running her fingers through her hair, she stared at the dance floor. She kept playing with her hair. She'd gotten it coloured the other day, and she didn't know if she liked it. While she'd been at the stylist, she'd asked them to dye her hair black and red. They'd dyed the top part black, and then underneath there were flashes of red.

"Have you been let out to play with the grown-ups?" Anya asked, taking a seat next to her.

"You could have waited for me," she said.

"Where would the fun have been? That guy on the door looked hot, Prue. You have to admit he was worth a bit of your time," Becky said, sitting on her other side. Prue kept looking at the dancing couples. She so wanted to be with them.

"I've been told to stay here until he gets my clearance or something. I think Veronica put some sort of protection order against me at this place."

Becky snorted. "Miss goody-too-shoes is always spoiling your fun."

"She means well by it. Veronica doesn't want to see me get hurt."

"Or have a life. She is a control freak, Prue. She'll try to stop you having your fun, so that she can have her own fun. I don't like it, and neither should you," Anya said.

"Please, don't talk about her. She's still my sister. Why don't you guys go and have some fun? I'm going to wait to be given permission."

Prue looked at the dance floor longing to be in with the crowd.

"Is your jailer here to stop you?" Becky asked.

She looked behind her to see Leo hadn't returned, and Jermaine being flirted with by a brunette at the other side of the bar. Prue glanced from the dance floor to the barman and back again.

Screw it.

She wanted to have some fun, and if breaking the rules was the only way she was going to get it, then that is exactly what she was going to do.

In a quick move, she left her jacket and water at the bar then ran to the dance floor getting lost in the crowd of bodies. Becky and Anya laughed along with her. The music thumped against the walls and inside her body. The tune took her over. She raised her hands above her head and began swaying her h*ps to the beat. In no time at all a couple of guys had surrounded them. Prue resisted the urge to push them away. Her friends were looking for some action while she was only hoping to gain James's attention and give him that letter. She wondered what her sister had to say to James that was so important she couldn't wait to see him herself.

Pushing all thoughts of her sister and James out of her mind, she stopped the wandering hands on her hips, closed her eyes, and danced.

****

James Castleden stared at the man inside his office, Dane. He was supposed to be at Possession, but Stephen didn't want him at the club. The convicted criminal made a lot of the clients uneasy. Getting this man back from the United Kingdom and in their custody had been a bloody headache. Dane had killed some people in the short time that he had served Dominic Green.

"Where were you this afternoon?" James asked.

"Out."

"You're not supposed to go f**king out! Not without someone with you. If the cops find out about you just wandering the streets then it falls down on our head."

"I agreed to this shit to be in Possession. I'm not into this spanking shit or tying people up. I've seen enough to last me a life time. I want to go back to Possession or the deal is off," Dane said.

"Do you think it is that easy? Do you have any idea what Stephen, Cadeon, and I went through to get you out of jail? You're a murderer and a pimp-"

Dane slammed his fist down on the table. He stood up leaning over the desk, and his huge body made the large desk seem small in comparison.

"I may be here because of you, and don't try to insult me. I was never a pimp. Don't even put that f**king tag on my card. Yes, I killed people. I was doing my job to stay alive. Now, either send me back to Possession or back to the UK because I don't have to deal with your American shit if I don't want to."

James wasn't scared. Dane may have killed people, but there was a skill in his own body. At forty-six he still continued to train. Being a wealthy businessman and a Dom didn't mean he could sit on his ass all day twiddling his thumbs. He ran his club and his businesses with both hands. There was no slowing down in his life, and that is exactly what he wanted.

"I can't let you go back yet. Stephen doesn't like you scaring the clients."

"Then he better pick stronger clients. I agreed to be at Possession, nothing else."

"Do you really know anything about Dominic and his businesses?" James was starting to wonder if they should just send him back and hope for the f**king best.

"I know a lot more than you think. The policemen handling my case are being given information."

"They're FBI agents."

"Whatever."

A knock at his door stopped James in his tracks. He glared at Dane, who glared right back. "Come in."

Leo, their doorman, peeked his head around the corner. "Is this a bad time?"

"No." James didn't want anyone to know about Dane. He was to be their secret. Only the closest members of both clubs knew about him.

"Veronica's little sister is at the bar. Am I allowed to let her in?" Leo asked.

James closed his eyes pinching the bridge of his nose. Could his day or night get any worse? Veronica's name no longer left a hollow feeling inside his chest. Instead, he was left feeling like he owed her something for not being truthful about who he was. It was that guilt that made him show her picture to every doorman who worked for him. Leo had been with him for a year and James felt like he could trust the other man. "What is she doing here?" he asked.

"She came with some friends. Her friends are regular visitors to the main bar. They do try to get past to the main part of Ravage, we've been able to stop them so far."

James watched as Dane eased back in his chair, smiling.

"Veronica didn't want her sister at the club. Tell her to go." James recalled the younger sister. She'd been a real treat even at eighteen. Prudence. The name echoed around his mind making him smile. She'd been the only member of her family that made him feel like he fit in.

"That's easier said than done. She doesn't look like the type of woman to take no for an answer."

He let out a frustrated sigh. When had he become a babysitter?

First, an ex-convict or convict and now an ex's little sister had joined the club.

"I'm coming. Stay here," he said to Dane then made his way around his desk.

"She's sure grown up some from that picture you showed me."

"Who?"

"Prudence. She looks old enough, sir."

"No matter how old she is, her sister didn't want her here." Veronica had made it clear to him when she'd ended their relationship. She didn't want any part in his sicko sex life, and if her sister was to come around then she wanted him to steer her in the other direction.

The noise made him moan. He hadn't been able to shake off this blasted headache. The spot lights didn't help. All the pressure from the media had started to weigh down on him.

He followed Leo to the main area of the bar. The darkest side to the club was hidden away underneath the main bulk. He'd been sure to keep security tight since his and Stephen's secret had been out.

Possessive men seemed to be the in thing at the moment. He couldn't complain. The club was making so much more money from the publicity even though it was unwanted.

Leo paused at the bar.

"Well, where is she?" James asked. He remembered how sweet Prudence was the last time he saw her. She'd been in her pyjamas with her hair tied up in a bun and a spoon sticking out of her mouth.

He was looking for that same girl he remembered.

"I have no idea. She's not there," Leo said.

Jermaine was serving a brunette who was laughing at him. James saw through the woman's act. She was trying to get free booze from his barman. He clicked his fingers gaining Jermaine's attention. "Those drinks better be paid for," he said.

"This young man has been kind enough to say they're on the house," the woman said. She turned in her seat, stood, and wrapped her arms around his body. Her fake tits pressed against him. James gazed down at all of her falseness and felt repulsed for ever finding something like this attractive.

"Do you see what I'm trying to say, Jermaine? Women will come on to you in an effort not to pay my prices."

He eased the woman away from him and walked down to where Leo was standing. Jermaine followed. The blush on his cheeks was unmistakable.

"I'm so sorry, sir. I won't let it happen again."

"Good, because everything you spent on her will be coming out of your pay check. I don't like being made a fool of. I suggest you learn your lesson now."

"Yes, sir."

"Where is Veronica's sister?" Leo asked.

"What? Erm, I don't know. She was here when I brought her the water," Jermaine mumbled.

"You idiot. You were supposed to be watching her."

James stopped Leo from yelling at the boy.

"I suggest one of you find her, as otherwise you're both going to be in serious trouble."

He stayed by her seat at the bar waiting in case she came back. James looked out on the dance floor. The crowd opened up as three women stumbled out laughing. Three guys followed them. Two women had brownish hair while the third had black and red. Her saw the flash and change of colour as she approached the bar. He couldn't take his eyes away from the vixen who was heading in direction of the bar.

All of the blood went from his head to his cock. James gazed down the length of her body. The woman was on fire. She was f**king beautiful, and the ache in his groin intensified. He wanted her, badly. The instant hit of lust startled him. Being a Dom, he should know how to contain his needs. He was the one who trained his staff, who taught them that control was the key in his club.

One of the guys wrapped his arm around her waist pulling her back. She pulled his hand away and dodged his kiss.

She didn't want the guy's attention.

You'll want mine!

James shook the thoughts from his mind. He didn't know what the hell was going on inside his head. He was supposed to be looking for Prudence. She liked to be called Prue. He'd always liked to use her full name. It rolled off the tongue with such ease for him.

Her h*ps swayed from side to side with every step, and her tits bounced. He'd never seen such full h*ps before. This woman was coming home with him tonight.

She still hadn't noticed him as she leaned against the bar.

"Looks like your jailer is gone, and so is the booze."

"What do you say you go back to my place?" the guy asked against her ear. James listened as he approached. The small group hadn't noticed him yet.

"No, thanks."

"Come on, babe. I'll make it worth your while." He stroked her arm. That small touch was all it took for James to explode. He walked over to the woman, name unknown, and banded his arm around her waist.

"This woman is mine."

In other words, back the f**k off!

The woman in his arms tensed. The other women gasped. Her body pressed against his. James felt every supple curve, and her scent invaded his senses. He needed this woman more than he needed his next breath. Never in all of his life had he felt this way about a woman. The possessive need he'd witnessed in his two friends was the only thing he could compare it to. Yet, what he'd seen was completely different from how he felt.

He needed to know everything about this woman. She was his everything.

"Well, it was about time you came out to see me, James. I was getting a little worried that the police were going to come."

James recognised that voice. The woman in his arms turned around. He got a really good look at her.

The blue of her eyes gave everything away. They were like the clear ocean of the Mediterranean. Her skin looked flawless and smooth. He'd been looking for a young innocent girl of eighteen. In his arms was a woman. A sexy, desirable woman with passion blazing in her eyes stared at him.

That woman was Prudence Star, and James knew he was in trouble.

Chapter Two

Dane waited for their footsteps to disappear. He couldn't believe he'd been placed in the f**king BDSM club. It just goes to show the wealthy didn't do f**k all right. He was risking his neck for this shit, and what for? To be told off by a guy who thinks he knows everything about the world. James Castleden was like the rest of them. They talked the talk but didn't have the first clue in what real pain felt like.

He moved around the desk and logged into the computer. The passwords were a little tricky to get past. After a few tries Dane was able to get through. He'd made a promise, and he was going to see it through even if it meant breaking his word to the men who had gotten him out of hell. He logged into the messenger and wrote an email to the person he was paying to release the woman on the list. She was British, like him. Only he'd been the bastard to capture her and put her in the system in the first place. He knew her virginity was the only thing keeping her safe.

Glancing at the door, he named a price and place where to drop the money. Of everything he'd done since being on Dominic's payroll, this was the worst. The terrified look in her eyes still haunted him. Since Lloyd Black's arrest and Eugene being killed the selling had gone quiet. When he was working for Dominic he'd never had anything to do with the selling of women. He was there to pay off his father's gambling debts, not because he wanted to be part of the crime going on all the time.

His father had asked him to become a monster. If he didn't then their whole family was as good as dead. Dane had never liked to be threatened. He'd gone to Dominic's house to tell him to back off. At the time he'd been twenty years old with a life ahead of him. He'd been at college and was preparing to go to university in the summer. His life would be away from his alcoholic mother and gambling addict father. He'd start a life away from London and away from all the shit.

His parents were not bad. They just didn't try to be good or to give him the best start. He never blamed them. He'd learned at an early age to deal with the bad in life. Standing on the doorstep to Dominic's house, he'd never anticipated what was to come.

Dominic had wanted him. To get through college and to make the money for his courses for university, he'd taken up fighting and not the legal kind. It was the kind that made decent money and was on the quiet.

What Dane hadn't known was that Dominic had been watching him at his fights. The moment he knocked on the door he'd been caught. His parents had been picked up by some men. They were chained up in Dominic's sitting room being tortured. Dane could still recall the pain and agony on their faces.

****

"So, the mighty son has returned. Come in and sit awhile. I was getting a little bored," Dominic said.

"You son of a bitch," Dane yelled and tried to charge at the man. The guards held him back. He managed a few steps before they pushed him to the ground. He cried out, the anger too strong to contain. Dane wanted to do some damage. He wanted to hurt something, anything.

"Now, now, behave, Dane. Otherwise this is going to go a lot worse for you."

He was pulled to his feet and forced to his knees where a man slammed his fist in his face then kicked him in the stomach. Dane went over. Once he was down, blows rained down until he had no choice but to sit compliant and listen. No one had touched his parents. All the attention was on him.

"I've seen you in action, Dane. You're a strong man. A fighter and someone I can use."

"I'm not fighting anymore."

There was another harsh kick before Dominic continued on.

"I made a lot of money out of you. That kind of cash doesn't dry up that easily. Now, your father owes me a lot of money. He has a thing for cards and women. I provide that."

Dane knew it was no good to interrupt him. He stayed on the ground without fighting with a foot pressed on his back. His body was on fire. Every part of him felt like it was being broken and shattered apart. He didn't know how long he could last with this much pain.

"Please," his father said.

He closed his eyes unable to watch the blow that landed on his parent. "What do you want?" Dane asked. He couldn't bear to see his family in pain. They may not have given him a brilliant start, but they were still his family.

"I want you on my team, son."

The term son made him wince. There was nothing fatherly in what Dominic wanted from him.

He shook his head.

"No? Is that what you're saying to me, boy?"

Dane kept his eyes closed. He couldn't think, and he needed to.

"Well, that is not good."

Seconds later he was pulled up, and he looked Dominic in the eye. There was nothing good inside him. Dane saw that immediately. He was evil, and from the look of it, he liked doing bad things to people.

"You make a choice, son. Either you become mine and do as I say, or I will kill your parents and everyone you've ever cared about, and I'll make you watch while I do it."

There was the sound of crunching bone and the shrieking of his mother.

The fight left him. Dane looked into Dominic's cold dead eyes and knew his future, the one he wanted more than anything, was gone.

"What's it going to be, son?"

****

Dane pulled out of his memory. His palms were sweaty, and his heart raced. No matter how many times he looked back he couldn't see another way out. His life had been cemented in that moment. There was nothing he could do except live the life that came. The life he'd lived so far had been one of violence and pain with no end in sight. From the age of twenty-one, he'd become the face of terror for Dominic's gang. His boss owned every part of him. His parents had died several years later when he was twenty-seven. At the time Dane hadn't seen the point in leaving. In seven years he'd killed and caused so much damage that staying with Dominic had been the best plan.

He looked around the office. James Castleden didn't know how lucky he was. He had a good business, and even with the freaky sex shit, he could have a good family. No matter what Dane did, he'd always have the guilt and the remembered look in the victims' eyes when he made them draw their last breath.

Shaking his head, he stared down at his hands. They were his biggest weapons and always had been. He pushed the thoughts away and focused on the problem at hand.

The guy was asking for several hundred thousand dollars in exchange for the girl he'd wronged. It was a lot to ask for. He was prepared to do everything he could to right the wrong he'd done. The FBI couldn't do a thing about it, and neither could the men who'd set him free. Dane wanted it all to end. The guilt and the anger were a part of him no matter what he did. Once the email was sent, he erased all traces from it and then fired up the computer, putting more security in place so that no one could hack James's files, before going back to his seat.

He liked the men who were willing to help him. They were taking a chance on him even though they knew he was a convicted murderer. He leaned on his knees staring at the ground. His life had been filled with a lot of bad choices, but none of that excused his behaviour.

When James had called him a pimp he'd defended his own name, yet he was exactly what James accused. One time when he'd been told what to do, he'd never thought it would have been to fool an innocent woman.

He shook his head. His worst sin was the one he couldn't undo. No matter what he did to win her back, the woman who'd fought to get away would never look at him the same.

Chapter Three

James couldn't believe Prudence was standing in front of him. This was not the girl he remembered. Everything around them disappeared until it was only the two of them in the room. She smiled up at him, the same welcoming smile he remembered when he went to pick Veronica up from her house. Prudence had been living with her for a short time while she was at college. Just thinking about it, the time that had since passed felt like a lifetime ago.

"What are you doing here?" he asked as everything came rushing back. He saw the flash of disappointment in her eyes and refused to do anything about it. No matter what his body said or what any other organ said, Prudence Star was off limits to him.

"Besides checking out the hottest club around?" she asked.

"You know you're not allowed here, Prudence."

"Why do you still call me by my full name?"

"Because it is your name." And I like it. He didn't add the last part. The last thing he needed was for her to know how she'd affected him. She was twenty-three years old, and he was forty-six years old. He was too f**king old for her. She deserved someone ... normal. The word alone made him shudder. James didn't consider himself abnormal, until Veronica reacted the way she did over his lifestyle, he knew Prudence would never be for him. Prudence was his ex-girlfriend's little sister. He shouldn't be thinking about her in any way, even though her body was pure sin. Look at those curves, the way her skirt moulded to her hips. He'd seen the way her ass looked. Every part of her tempted him like a moth was tempted by a flame.

"Whatever. I'm here because of Veronica."

He froze at the sound of his ex.

"What does she want?"

"I don't know." Prudence moved away from him to grab something from her coat. James watched as she bent forward exposing the base of her back.

Fucking hell!

He ran a hand over his face trying to forget what he'd just seen. Sweet, little, innocent Prudence had a tramp stamp along the base of her back. He hadn't got a good look at the design, and he knew ink when he saw it. The desire to bend her over the bar and have a closer look was too strong. Shaking his head, he shot a glare to her friends before turning back to Prudence.

"Here it is. She was adamant that I give this to you. I'm surprised she didn't call you herself. Her marriage is not going well."

"That was over between us, Prudence. You know that." He took the white envelope she offered wondering what Veronica wanted him to know. Their last meeting hadn't ended well. In fact, it was one of the worst break-ups he'd ever been part of.

"I know." They stood in the one spot staring at each other. The guy who'd been pawing at her was waiting to pounce again.

"Back off," James said to the guy as Leo and Jermaine appeared through the crowd.

"You found her," Leo said.

"Yeah, I found her. Get that boy out of my club." He turned back to Prudence to see her smiling.

"Thank you."

"I don't like seeing men paw women in my bar. Thanks for this." James walked away before he did something he'd regret. She was too young, and he needed to remember that. He passed Leo and Jermaine telling them that they could let her stay as long as they kept an eye on her. James didn't want her anywhere near the basement of the club. The basement was where the real action began. The basement contained his very own dungeon.

Pulling his cell phone out of his pants pocket he dialled Stephen's number. Stephen was the owner of Possession, an exclusive club for men who felt possessive about their woman. James held a place in the club, which he rarely used. He much preferred his BDSM club. The people who visited his club understood him.

He knew he held the possessive gene just like his father before him. However, his need went a little deeper than needing to know every detail of his woman's life. His need couldn't be easily sated with seeing his woman. James required complete submission, his woman on his terms doing everything he said without argument. Several years ago he'd tried the straight and narrow lifestyle. It wasn't for him. Veronica had seen to that at their final meeting.

"Hello." Stephen answered on the last ring.

"I'm not keeping Dane. Either keep him with you or send him back to jail. He's not my responsibility. He's yours."

There was muttering over the line. He made out Ursula's voice and the rustle of paperwork.

"He's scaring the clients, James. I can't have him here. Especially with the press jammed up my ass," Stephen said.

James stopped in the hallway before entering his office. "Listen to me. He is your responsibility. I'm dealing with the crap from the press just as much as you. At least you have a woman by your side. I'm juicier meat because I've got f**k all. This was the deal that you, Cadeon, and Lucas cooked up with the FBI. I have no involvement with this. I don't even know what you agreed to. He's a murderer for crying out loud." James hit his head against the wall in order to bring some focus into his world.

Prudence's presence had really knocked him hard. She wasn't a little girl anymore. His feelings were completely irrelevant. He needed to keep his focus; otherwise he was going to be in trouble.

His friend cursed on the other line. Dane's release had not come easily. All of them had had to delve into their pockets for lawyers and judges, not to mention the reassurance they gave to the FBI. The headache was intensifying from thinking about all the paperwork he'd needed to sign from giving money to help.

"Look, we've got to keep him safe. I've got a few members of the bureau working undercover here to keep an eye on him," Stephen said.

"Then why send him to me?"

"Because he was getting restless. I don't know."

"I covered for you growing up, Stephen. I'm not taking your shit now. Get Lucas to come and pick him up. I want him out of my establishment in two hours." James ended the call resting his head against the wall.

His club was his one salvation. It meant he didn't have to be at the front line with Stephen. He didn't want any part in that life. Possession wasn't for him. This lifestyle was for him. He rolled his shoulders trying to loosen the knots forming in his muscles from the stress of everything that had happened.

James knew that being at the club meant sacrificing being in the know of what was going on with Dane and the deal they had made. He liked being in the dark. By being in the dark it meant the people closest to him were never at risk. There were a lot of people close to him who could end up hurt by him. He wouldn't let that happen. He needed to take care of them like he did in everything else.

Opening his office door, he stared at Dane who was turning around in circles with the chair.

"Hey, dad. Can I go out and play?"

After seeing Prudence, James didn't want to be reminded of his age. He walked past the turning chair and pushed. The chair and its occupant tumbled out.

He watched Dane recover without landing on his ass. The other man buttoned up his shirt and gave a bow. "I'll be at the bar. Not causing trouble."

Dane left closing the door behind him.

Sitting at his chair, James stared at the white envelope in his hands. Veronica had promised to keep his secret if he promised to never contact her again. He'd kept to his promise. No conversation had passed between them. James wondered what could be happening in his ex's life for her to be the one to get in touch.

Placing the envelope down on the desk he stared at it. The pounding in his temples continued. His mind was all over the place. All he saw in front of him was her curves. The temptation she provided him from simply being available. He hadn't seen a ring on her finger or any signs of her being owned by another man.

You want to own that body.

He shook his head. His thoughts were not welcome.

James grabbed the envelope and slid it into a drawer. He didn't need the pressures of his past. He typed in his password to the computer and opened the link to the security cameras throughout the club. The basement, or the dungeon, as some of his patrons liked to call it, had plenty of security. He didn't want anyone to be hurt on his watch.

Dominance meant the world to him, and so, too, did his reputation. Without both he knew he would be lost. He hovered over the club's security. James wanted one more look to make sure he hadn't made it up.

Closing his eyes, he battled with himself. Then he pressed the button that would zoom the camera in to find her.

He needed to make sure she was all right. James refused to question his need. Prudence was his responsibility. He didn't want to see any other reason other than her being a friend.

****

Okay, that sucked more than anything else in the world. Prue watched him walk away. For a split second she was sure she'd seen interest in his eyes. He'd demanded that guy be taken out of his club.

Her two friends were looking at her. She couldn't handle the pity in their gazes. The other two men who'd been with them were gone. She guessed they must have gone when James approached or when their friend had been kicked out of the club. Taking the seat at the bar she ordered a drink, a strong one. Jermaine got her the drink without argument.

"Sweetie, who was that man?" Becky asked.

"What makes you think I knew him?" Prue winced at the sadness in her voice. Why was she sad? James meant nothing to her other than being the guy her sister used to date or f**k. God, just the thought of them together made her upset. She couldn't handle this.

Seeing James was supposed to make her feel better, not worse.

"You're not kidding anyone, Prue. You know that guy, and he knew you."

"He's Veronica's ex. She used to work here."

"Oh my God! The guy you were crushing over owns this bar? Wow, do you even know the reputation of this place?" Anya asked.

Prue nodded her head. She knew about the reputation. The professor who'd taught her to love her fuller curves had dabbled in the lifestyle. The thought of James being into it made her hotter than hell.

"We've tried to get into that part of the club. No one has a clue where it is."

She knew where it was. Prue wouldn't be telling them where it was. They were walking right over it. Before the big media reveal about the BDSM club and Possession, she'd been going into several clubs that had mentioned this place as a way to become part of the crowd.

Grabbing her drink she sipped at the clear liquid. The alcohol burst on her tongue.

"It doesn't matter. Did you see him? He couldn't wait to get away from me. Do I have stale food on my clothes? Do I smell bad?"

Her friends shook their heads in denial. She understood him not finding her attractive, she thought they were friends at the very least. They'd gotten on really well when he was dating her sister.

"He was hot for you, Prue. Make no mistake. The moment we came off the dance floor he was eating you up. For an old man he's really cute."

Prue frowned at her. James may be older than she, but that didn't mean he was some kind of ancient being.

"Are you coming to dance?" Anya asked.

She shook her head. "No, you go on ahead. I'm going to stay here." And drown my sorrows in alcohol.

They gave her a sympathetic hug then walked onto the dance floor. For a few minutes she watched them before turning back to her drink.

She stirred the contents with a straw and watched as the ice began to melt.

Someone took the seat next to her ordering a beer. The British accent soothed her. Prue looked up to see a large man. He had dark black hair with the darkest green eyes she'd ever seen. The man beside her was tall, taller than any other man she'd seen. He had to be close to six foot six. Probably not that tall. Her maths were awful.

Realising she was staring, she felt the blush fill her cheeks.

"You can look all you want," the man said, taking a seat next to her.

"Sorry, you're so tall," she said.

Jermaine brought the guy's beer over and glared at him before placing it in front of him. "Cheers, mate."

She listened to the accent, loving the way the smooth tones of his voice helped to relax her. Her thoughts turned to James, and she squashed them. He saw her as nothing more than a little girl.

"I'm Prudence Star." She offered the guy her hand. "Most people call me Prue."

"Dane." He shook her hand then pulled away.

"Dane...."

"Last name not necessary."

Prue smiled. Jermaine stood near where they sat.

"So, a sexy lady like yourself shouldn't be alone at a club like this," he said.

"I'm not. My girlfriends are on the dance floor."

"And you're not there with them?"

She stared at him. "You're asking a lot of questions for a stranger."

"I'm a curious guy. I'm a friend of James." He stared at her.

Prue took a moment to really look at him. His eyes may be the darkest shade of green she'd ever seen, but there was coldness to them. This man was not everything he was cracked up to be.

"You see who I am now, Prue."

"Looks can be deceiving," she said, taking a sip of her drink. Her hand shook.

"I'm not going to hurt you."

"Get the f**k out of my bar, now!" James said. Prue turned toward him, shocked to hear the anger in his voice. She stared from Dane to James. The anger on his face was pure.

"James, what is going on?" she asked.

Instead of answering her, he caught her arm in a vise-like grip and gave her to Leo, who happened to be walking past.

"Go and put her in my room, Leo. Make sure to lock the f**king thing so she doesn't get out." James gave out the orders.

"Hey, let go of me," she said, pulling on the arm that held her. Prue fought with all of her might to be out of his grip. The man held her tightly, and she didn't like it.

"Do as you're told," James said. She stared into his eyes not comprehending the sudden change in him. Where had he come from? And what was wrong with the guy she'd been talking to?

She wanted to argue with him. The pleading look in his eye stopped her. There was arguing, and then there was plain stupidity.

"You better explain."

He nodded his head. Leo escorted her out of the bar. She saw her two friends rushed to where James was. He must have given them a warning because they only stared after her.

"Could you please loosen your hold? I'm going to have a bruise otherwise, and I don't want to have to explain that to my bosses." Her bosses wouldn't care about her bruises providing her work was done. Working in a sit down office job was boring.

Why was she thinking all of this stuff now? She should be panicking.

He walked her down the hall to a set of doors. She watched him open the first door, close it, then turn to the left to open another door. He was leading her down some sort of maze. She closed her eyes feeling her anger begin to rise. Veronica was going to get hell for this.

"Give James this letter for me. It is important. You'll be fine. He liked you and will remember you."

She was going to f**king kill her sister. Go to a club known for BDSM. Check. End up feeling like shit because of the guy in charge. Check. Get locked in a room. Leo put her inside a bedroom.

"Please, stay put until James comes to get you."

He closed the door, and she heard the unmistakable sound of the lock flicking into place.

Again, get locked inside a room. Check.

Chapter Four

James waited for her to leave before turning back to Dane. The moment he'd seen the killer near Prudence, he'd completely lost it. No way in hell would he put her in danger, not for him or Possession.

Her friend approached.

"I suggest you grab your belongings and get out. If you cause a fuss I will have you permanently removed from Ravage," he said without even looking at them.

Neither of the women said a word. He saw them take their belongings and hesitate over Prudence's coat.

"I'll sort it out."

They were gone several moments later.

"You're causing a scene in your club."

"My club. My rules." James folded his arms over his chest. The anger threatened to consume him. He wanted to tear this man apart. Dane had done nothing to him. James merely hated everything the guy stood for. He didn't give a shit what he had to offer, the information trapped inside his murderous brain. All that James cared about was getting the son-of-a-bitch out of his life and away from Prudence.

"Do you really want to do this now?" Dane asked, flexing his arms.

James saw the threat and recognised it.

"You do not come into my club and talk to her." James was ready to do some damage. This was not going to be settled like men. He was done talking with this guy.

"Out back. Now."

His actions were immature. He needed somewhere to vent this aggression. He was tired of feeling out of control. The past year had been out of his control. With Dominic Green, Lloyd Black, the human trafficking ring, and the threat to his and Stephen's clubs, he was done with it all. Ravage was his baby, and he wasn't going to take shit for another second. Dane represented everything they'd all lost in the last few months.

He opened the door to the back alley. It was clean and tidy.

Dane came out followed by Jermaine and Leo.

"James, this is not you. Don't do this," Leo said.

"I don't give a shit. This ass**le has pissed me off for the last time." He stared at the man across from him. Dane looked sad yet determined.

Dane began to unbutton his jacket. "You're not ruining my best suit, old man."

"Bring it on." At forty-six years old, James felt in his prime.

The jacket was handed to Leo who took it grudgingly.

"I don't want to fight you," Dane said.

James didn't know what had come over him. The sight of Prudence and Dane talking had sent him over the edge.

"I don't give a shit, British. Come on, you've been trying to get me to do this for some time. Bring it."

Dane kept his fists down. They circled each other.

No blows came as the shine of headlights came down the alley.

Cadeon and Stephen got out of the car, followed by Lucas and Sean.

"Seriously, after all the camera crews and news stations, you're going to start a fight in the middle of an alleyway where anyone can see?" Stephen said, slamming his door closed.

James kept his eye on Dane. The man may be on their side, but he still refused to trust him.

"He's your responsibility, not mine." James dropped his fist and then turned to the other men who'd turned up. They were all his friends, or at least he thought they were.

"We all agreed to get to the bottom of this. Not just for us but for Isabella and Rebecca. They need to know the truth."

Isabella was Lucas's younger sister. She'd spent six months in the hospital recovering from several years of starvation and neglect. They'd found her behind a load of bushes in the local park. Rebecca was another matter. She was the ex-wife of Lloyd Black and possibly the only real link they had left of Dominic Green's business.

James hated the way their lives were turning out. They were not supposed to be part of something like this.

"Where are Tate and Kevin?" James asked.

"At Possession with Rebecca and Isabella. They're keeping an eye on things," Stephen said.

"Get him out of here," James said, turning his back on his friends.

"We need to talk, James," Cadeon said.

James closed his eyes trying to block them all out. Talking wasn't resolving anything. The last year with having the press diving into his past and his life had left him open. James didn't feel like his old life would ever return. They were all becoming part of something a lot bigger than them. How could the others not see the dangers being brought to them?

It had taken a long time for him to realise it. When he'd agreed to help with Dane's release and the women involved with his friends, he hadn't seen the real danger to them.

They were not white knights or soldiers. They were men from wealthy backgrounds where their money got work done. None of them would ever be prepared for anything else.

"I'm not talking tonight." He walked away toward Prudence.

****

"Anyone else thinking that good old James has gone off the rails?" Cadeon asked.

Dane kept his mouth shut. The last thing he needed was to be part of their stuff. He had a short period of time to get the money together and do the exchange, money in exchange for the girl.

"He's clearly not handling everything well," Stephen said, looking at him.

He climbed into the back of the car. These bastards drove around in luxury, so there was more than enough room for the three of them in the back. Lucas and Sean sat either side of him. He knew these men had gone through a lot of trouble. Dane also knew what Isabella had gone through. He wouldn't talk.

These men, no matter how hard they tried to help, were not equipped to deal with the men who were running this thing. In comparison to people like Dominic, these boys were country folk. Cadeon and Stephen climbed back into the car. The engine was started up, and they pulled out of the alley. It was the cleanest alley Dane had ever seen. Most of them were dumps with the smell of rotting food and piss.

He shook his head. The biggest mistake he'd done so far was bringing his shit to their door. To a point he understood their need. He'd felt it once before himself. Only once and he knew unless he got her back, he'd never feel it again.

"Why does James hate you so much?" Lucas asked.

"Because I've killed people. I think it makes him a little green to think of someone like me in his place." Dane didn't understand why. He thought BDSM was some freaky shit, and from what he'd seen in the basement, that was pretty much torture to some people.

Being forced and paid to hurt people or even worse, kill them, took all the possible fun out of kinky games in the bedroom. He liked his sex rough. He didn't like his sex with whips and chains, that was too rough for him.

"So have I," Lucas said, on a whisper.

He knew the background of the two men beside him. They'd served their country like noble men, fighting for a cause they believed in. He admired them for it. They killed because it was their job. In the force, it was either them and their team or the enemy.

His kills were nothing like that. He had to kill to show his loyalty. Dane shook away the sound of their screams. The pleading tone of their voices could threaten to send him over the edge. Pushing it away, he stared past them out of the window.

Dane wished he could be like all these men. Calm and collected with plenty of money to be secure. Instead, he was under the radar with a fake identity.

What the hell had he done?

****

Prue sat on the end of the bed seething. Her father had never marched her out of a party or embarrassed her in front of her friends. The way her friends had looked at her had been a combination of pity and fear.

She wasn't afraid of James. He was all bark and no bite. She'd witnessed how sweet he could be with her sister. There was nothing to him. Tapping her foot on the thick carpet, she watched the door for signs of James. She'd screamed and banged at the hard wood with no promise of being able to escape.

Looking around the room provided her with nothing. There were no personal effects. All that was there was a bed. One bed, nothing else to help her deal with her boredom.

The lock turned in the door. James appeared, and she glared at him. From the expression on his face, he wasn't in the mood to argue.

Too f**king bad.

"How dare you control me like that?" She got off the bed and moved toward him. James closed the door behind him leaning against the doorframe.

"It was for your own good," he said, folding his arms across his chest. The defiant act pissed her off. She wanted him to say something else.

"My own good? I was talking to a guy at a bar, James. I wasn't doing anything wrong. You had no right to do what you did." She poked his chest getting little satisfaction as the simple press of her finger did nothing. James was all muscle. She'd seen him without his shirt, once, while living at her sister's apartment. That one look had kept her fantasies alive.

She was a horrible sister. James was her sister's ex. How could she even think of having him for herself?

"This is my club, Prudence. I make the rules, and if I tell you what to do you'll f**king do it, or else!"

His voice rose with each word. She heard the warning behind them. The rebel inside her was too hard to ignore. Prue stared up the length of his body, taking in every part of him. He was tall, not as tall as Dane but tall enough to crowd her. His shoulders were twice the size of hers with thick arms well defined with plenty of muscle. She could only imagine the kind of strength he possessed. All of him was larger than she. He made her feel small and delicate in comparison to his size and weight.

She stared up his body going to his lips. They were pressed together in a hard line of disapproval. She wondered how they would feel pressed against her own lips with pleasure being his only intent.

Stifling a moan she moved up to his eyes. They were brown and always made her freeze on the spot. Sometimes she was sure they were as black as the night depending on his mood. She'd spent way too much time analysing this man's body. Next, his hair, which was black apart from the few shades of grey she saw streaking it. This man was twenty-three years old than she, and yet he was the most attractive man she'd ever seen.

Licking her lips, she looked down at the floor. Did James have any idea how she felt? His words finally penetrated her perusal of him. She frowned. Or else?

"Or else? Or else what, James? You'll spank me? Put me over your knee and tell me what a bad girl I've been?" Once she started it, there was no stopping.

Prue closed the small distance between them, pressing her body against him. He didn't push her away or pull her closer. Taking his silence into account she leaned up so she was able to whisper into his ear.

"I've heard all about this club, James. You're a dominant man, and I know what dominant men do."

He caught her arms pulling her back.

"I don't know what has gotten into you. I suggest you take my advice and don't come back here."

James stared down at her. She gazed into his eyes, watched as they turned black. Heat swamped her pu**y. She waited for him to speak. When he didn't say anything she placed her hand against his chest.

"I've never been good at being told what to do, James. I don't like being told what to do." She stroked his chest feeling the warmth vibrate against her palm.

"You'll do as I say," he said.

There was too much arrogance in his tone.

"And why would I follow your instructions when I wouldn't even follow my parents'?" she asked.

He leaned down, freezing her to the spot. His hand came out to caress her cheek. She sucked in a breath when his thumb trailed along her bottom lip. What she'd give for him to put his lips on her.

Her heart pounded inside her chest. Her cl*t was swollen. She knew she'd need to find some release tonight.

"Because when I threaten, Prudence, I mean every single word. If you don't listen to what I say then there will be consequences."

He leaned in close. His lips were centimetres away from hers.

She closed her eyes waiting.

"There is a taxi waiting for you downstairs, Prudence. He'll take you wherever you want to go."

In the next moment he released her and then was gone. Leo stood outside the door waiting for her. She wanted to find James and kick him. She'd made a total ass of herself, and she didn't like it.

Leo held her coat in his hand. She snatched it off him then followed him out of the front of the club.

"He means well, Prue," Leo said.

"I don't give a shit what he means. No one, especially not a guy, orders me around." She wrapped her coat around her, climbed in the back of the taxi, and gave her home address.

She'd long since moved out of her sister's apartment. Veronica was now a happily married woman with two young children.

Tonight, however, she was staying with Prue. The taxi pulled up outside of her home. She went to pay the driver. He reassured her that her taxi had been paid for.

Shrugging her shoulders, she got out of the car and made her way to her front door. The driver pulled away when she was locking her front door.

"You took a long time," Veronica said.

That was it.

Prue turned around and confronted her sister. "How dare you ban me from Ravage or any club for that matter? How could you, Veronica?"

Her sister folded her arms staring at her. She saw the guilt written across her face. Prue cursed and charged past her. She was tired of being treated like a child. Her parents wanted to dictate her life to her, and Veronica kept protecting her in all possible ways.

"I did it for your own safety." Veronica followed her into the kitchen.

Prue grunted while filling the kettle up. She placed it on the base and flicked the switch for it to start boiling.

"My safety? Everything you've done has been for my safety. When are you going to let me live my life the way I want?"

"Prue, it's not that simple."

"Actually, it is. When it comes to me, you simply butt out of my life." She turned back to her sister, glaring at her perfection. Veronica was still thin even after a couple of kids.

No wonder their parents preferred her. She was the perfect housewife and mother whereas Prue worked in a dead end job with no boyfriend to speak of.

She shut all thoughts of James out of her mind.

"You're young. I don't want you to make mistakes."

"They are my mistakes to make. You're not protecting me. You're smothering me, Veronica."

"I want you to be happy. To have what I have," Veronica said.

"I don't want what you've got."

Silence met her answer.

"What?"

"Marriage, kids, the house, and the perfect life you lead, I don't want it. Never have. I love what I've got. I need you to back off."

Her sister gave her a look that made Prue think she'd grown three heads or something.

"Did you give James my letter?"

"Yes, I gave it to him. I don't know if he'll read it."

"I'm pleased you got out of Ravage okay. I was so worried about you." Veronica walked to her, wrapping her arms around her waist. Prue rolled her eyes. She loved her sister, but this was too much.

She pushed her away then made herself a cup of tea.

"You worked at that place for a couple of years, and you dated the owner of the club. Ravage is not a problem. It is as harmful as going to the library."

"Prue, you have no idea what goes on in there. Trust me, Ravage is not safe."

Shaking her head, she walked past her sister. "Are you staying the night?"

"Yes, if you don't mind."

"Stay all you want. I've got to work tomorrow, so post your key through the letter box when you leave," Prue said, walking up the stairs toward her room.

"You're working on a Saturday?"

She stopped to stare at her older sister. The shock on her sister's face made Prue laugh. "Sorry, sis, we small people still have to work to keep a roof over our heads. See you tomorrow."

Prue closed the door of her bedroom before placing her cup on the side of the bed. She walked over to the mirror over her dresser. Pulling the make-up wipes from her drawer, she slowly began to remove the make-up she'd worn.

Her thoughts returned to James. His presence alone was enough to make her melt. If only he hadn't been with Veronica. She didn't want to hurt her sister by dating her ex.

She finished removing her make-up then dressed in her soft teddy bear patterned pyjamas. Prue sat in the centre of her bed sipping her tea. She hated arguing with her sister. When her cup was empty, she walked down the stairs to see her sister curled up on the sofa. A romantic comedy was playing on the television.

"I thought you'd be asleep by now," Veronica said.

"I'm sorry for yelling at you. I know you worry about me."

Veronica turned the television off and then turned to her. "Apology accepted. You're right, I do care about you. I don't want you getting hurt. After everything that has been brought to light about James and his club, I don't want you anywhere near it."

She moved to the other end of the sofa and sat down.

"When you wear stuff like that, I forget that you're an adult."

Prue looked down at her night clothes, smiling at her sister's comment.

"I know. I was wondering. What happened between you and James?" Prue asked. When her sister had broken it off with James, Veronica had never talked about what happened.

"We wanted different things."

"Did you love him?" Prue asked, holding her breath.

"You've got a lot of questions tonight."

"Are you surprised after the mysterious white envelope? You never talked about him, and when you were with him, you seemed happy."

Veronica stared at her a few minutes before answering. "I was happy, Prue. He is an amazing man. I just wasn't the type of woman he wanted. I think I'm going to go to bed."

Prue watched her sister leave. Her heart was hurting. She wanted James, and she knew her sister still had feelings for him. Veronica hadn't answered the one question Prue wanted her to answer the most. Did she love him? Prue was starting to think her sister hadn't gotten over her feelings for James.

Chapter Five

James watched as Lucas Sanchez spanked the sub before him. The other man was blowing off some serious steam, and the sub before him loved every second of his attention. James saw the look of rapture on her face. She was a regular at Ravage and was always looking for the right Dom to give her what she needed.

He flicked his cell phone open and then closed, keeping his hands occupied. Several other couples were dotted around the small room. The small bar served the voyeurs and helped to ease newer members into the lifestyle. James took pride in this part of his club. The bar and the main bulk of the club upstairs kept a regular supply of customers looking for a good time, while this provided many more needs, for himself and for others.

Lucas had been working the woman over for an hour. The show had brought a lot of attention from the select few of clients in his club. It amazed him how many people were in the lifestyle.

Staring down at his hands, he couldn't stop thinking about Prudence. The way she'd felt in his arms. He wondered what it would feel like to wrap her two-toned hair around his wrist and to see the submission in her eyes.

For many years, he'd been able to spot a submissive a mile away. His father had trained him to take over the club. His father and Stephen's when they were alive had been long-time friends. Their families connected as far back as over a hundred years. When they died Stephen had inherited Possession, and James had gotten Ravage even though he had been a frequent visitor and trained Dom before the club became his.

When he'd turned eighteen, his father had sat down and talked to him, openly and honestly. The conversation at the time grossed him out, but the content was important to him. From the moment he hit his teens and puberty, he'd known he was different. The way he felt about women and his needs during sex had scared him. Until his father gave him the talk.

He didn't think of his parents in the lifestyle; that was too much for him to deal with. The moment his father brought him to the club, he'd known this was where he was supposed to be. He'd trained many subs over the years and helped plenty of couples to find their own way within the life of BDSM.

Dominance was part of him, and he accepted that.

But?

He shook his head. But nothing. He wasn't going to think about her. Prudence was off limits to a guy like him. He wouldn't do anything about it.

You felt the pull. The undeniable need to claim her, to take her and make her yours, for the rest of your life.

She's not mine.

She could be.

The sound of the sub finding release pulled him out of his thoughts. He watched Lucas clean her up, cuddle her, and then walk over to where he was sitting.

"You've trained her well."

James nodded his head.

"You're usually with a sub now, training. What's wrong?" Lucas said.

"Nothing is wrong. I got another Dom to train the newbie." James took on subs who were in need of finding an experienced Dom who wouldn't hurt them.

"Something is on your mind."

"No shit. How can you even think straight with everything that is going on around here? Dane and all the problems with Dominic, I feel like I'm going to explode." James vented to the other man. He didn't know why he was finding it difficult to comprehend everything that had happened in the last few months. All he knew was how it was affecting his life. Nothing was the same. Nothing felt the same to him anymore. It was a never ending waste of time to him. His club, his pride and joy, no longer held any appeal.

It was like he was stuck in limbo with no chance of escape.

He grunted then ran his fingers through his hair. What would his father do in this situation?

"You can't let it get to you, James," Lucas said.

"Easier said than done. I can't move without thinking the press is riding my ass. More and more members want to join the club. Vetting them is becoming a problem. I do not want to put my people at risk because of everything that is happening over there."

"Do you think Stephen is not going through the same thing?"

"It's different. He has Ursula."

Lucas laughed. "There is nothing different. She's had to give up studying because of the press hounding her at college. Her teachers didn't want to teach someone associated with him, let alone on the verge of marrying him. Cadeon is part of this mess, too. Violet is expecting their first child in a few months, and he's getting stuck at work."

James listened to everything Lucas had to say, shocked by the news. He'd thought he'd been in the loop. From what Lucas was saying, he was nowhere close to understanding what was going on. Lucas continued on.

"Then we have the problem with Sean. He's going off the rails big time. My sister, Isabella, being back has set him off. Isabella spends most of her time locked away in her room refusing to talk to anyone, least of all me. Then we come to Rebecca. She's staying at Possession and she is terrified to say one word out of place. The people around you are suffering, James. You're just not around to see it."

"Why haven't you told me? None of you have come to me."

"Why should we? You lock yourself away here and never give a thought to the pain or damage your friends may be going through. Ravage has become your whole life. You don't go anywhere. When was the last time you visited Possession to simply have a drink and chat with the men there?"

James thought about the question. Visiting Possession hadn't been high on his list of things to do. Unless it was to deal with the shit they'd put themselves in, he'd not been there in over two years.

"Look, I don't know you like the others, and I appreciate you taking me on when I don't have the money to back my name, but I think you need to take a step back and see what we've still got."

Lucas finished his coffee and stood.

"I've got to get back to Possession. Think about what I've said."

"Will do."

He sat there another few minutes before he couldn't take it anymore. James made his way up from the dungeon and went to his office.

The moment he sat down in his chair to start looking at figures his phone rang.

"James," he said, picking up the receiver.

"Sir, Veronica's sister is here again with her friends," Leo said.

"Where?"

"She's at the bar while her friends are on the dance floor."

James put the phone down, cursing. It was Monday night, and she'd been plaguing his thoughts all weekend. He felt like a sick bastard for wanting her. James moved toward the filing cabinet in the corner of his office and pulled out the file on Veronica. He typed her number into his cell phone and rang her.

"Hello," she said. He hated the way her voice sounded nervous. She knew it was him.

"Your sister is here again. I made you a promise, but I can't keep throwing out good paying customers."

"I'm so sorry, James. Did you get my letter?" she asked.

"Yes, I haven't had chance to open it."

"Please, open it. It is important to me."

"I will. What do you want me to do about your sister?"

There was silence on the other line.

"She hates that I interfered with her life. I can't force you to do anything. Just keep her safe, will you?"

James ground his teeth together. At one time, her words would have cut deep whereas now they only angered him.

"We're not monsters, Veronica. Your sister is in good hands here."

She mumbled something.

His anger rose. "Maybe next time you should bring me your crap yourself, and that way you won't be putting your sister in harm's way."

Slamming his phone shut he tore up her file, finally feeling closure over his ex. He wasn't ashamed of who he was, however Lucas's words had opened him up.

One year he'd been pulling away. He'd not gotten regular updates, and he needed to keep in the loop. This wasn't anyone's fault. His friends needed his help, and he was going to start by helping them.

First, he needed to get Prudence out of the picture. She was messing with his head, and he didn't like it.

****

Another night and she was waiting at the bar for the owner to come down and remove her. She shivered at having James touch her again. Becky and Anya had convinced her to go to the club after work.

She'd wanted to see James again. Her thoughts were constantly veering toward him. He was like a never-ending wet dream.

Leo stood over her.

"You can go and do your job, you know?"

"I don't think so. I left you alone last time, and you escaped."

"Am I under arrest or something?"

He glared at her, arms folded, and stared towards the far end of the bar. She shrugged her shoulders, sipping the iced water that Jermaine had given her.

"I'm not even going to answer that."

She sipped on her drink watching her friends on the dance floor. James came and sat in the stool next to her. Leo left to go back on guard duty. Prue refused to look at him. Instead she watched her friends getting all the attention on the floor.

"Do you have another letter to give me?" he asked.

"Nope." Prue still hadn't looked at him.

It was easier to answer him when she didn't have to stare into his eyes.

"Why are you here?" he asked.

She ignored the question watching one of the guys touch her friend's hips.

"Prudence," he said.

When no answer came from her, he caught her cheek in his hand and turned her to face him.

"I came because I like being here."

"You shouldn't be here."

"Why? This is a decent bar. One of the best in the city and I've just finished work. I'm blowing off steam. I'm not causing any trouble. I can't even get alcohol," she said, holding up her glass. "See, water."

"I promised your sister."

The anger rose even further. She slammed her glass down on the counter and stood.

"I'm tired of that crap. I'm twenty-three, James. I'm not a child or a teenager. I can make my own decisions." To prove her point, she moved onto the dance floor with her friends. Anya and Becky grabbed her hands.

"Are you okay?" Anya asked over the blaring of the music.

"Yes, just fed up of my sister and him trying to protect me. I don't need protecting." She swayed her h*ps trying to get lost in the beat of the music.

"I think he likes you more than he lets on." Becky whispered against her ear. "He's staring at you, Prue."

"Do you still want him, Prue?"

She took a quick glance in his direction. They were right; he was watching her.

"It doesn't matter. He's out of bounds for me. I think my sister is still in love with him."

The song ended, and they moved back to the bar. She grabbed her coat and moved around James, who hadn't budged from his spot.

"You can't ignore me, Prudence."

"It is Prue, and watch me." She pulled out of his hold moving closer to her friends. Jermaine brought her another iced water, which she drank.

"Your sister is still in love with him? When did that happen?" Anya asked.

"When I asked her and she didn't answer my question."

"What happened between them two?" Becky asked.

"I have no idea. I really liked him. In fact, I more than liked him. I think my sister knew about how I felt. She never said anything." Prue rubbed her temples feeling the heat of the bar getting to her.

"I think he likes you."

Shrugging her shoulders, she sipped her drink. A few guys walked toward them. Her two friends gave them the smiles and the giggles. Prue tried to ignore the guy hanging around her.

"Hey, beautiful. How are you?" His smooth voice made her cringe. One of his hands landed over her shoulders.

"Fine, thanks." She pushed his hand off her shoulders.

"Would you like to dance?"

"No, thank you." Her two friends were chatting away while this other man was trying to grope her.

"Come on, babe. Give a guy a break and dance with me." He pulled on her hand, which made her fall out of her chair and onto the floor. Her knees hit the tiled floor sending a blast of pain up her body. Shit, she hadn't seen that one coming.

Prue looked up at the sound of the commotion. In the short time she'd been on her knees, James had grabbed the guy by his collar and slammed him against the bar. She was shocked by the brute force with which he worked.

"When a woman says no, she means no." He raised his fist. Leo caught him before he landed another blow.

James looked at the guy as if he was scum. Prue winced as she got up from the floor.

"You better get out of my club and not come back." He picked her up off the floor, one of his hands going under her knees as the other went to keep her back steady. James carried her out of the main bar and down to his office. Her face was red with embarrassment. She hadn't even looked at her knees yet. They hurt, but her pride hurt more.

The moment the door to his office shut she began to fidget in his arms.

"Put me down, please," she said.

He didn't let her down until he placed her on the sofa. James kneeled in front of her, pulling her leg out in front of her.

"You don't have to look at it, James. I can go back to the club."

"Prudence, you banged your knee on my tiled floor. I know how painful they can be. Let me take care of you," James said.

He eased her pencil skirt up past her knee. She winced from the sudden pain.

"There is no blood. You've got a lot of bruising. Your knees took the full force of the floor."

"Lucky knees."

Did he know his fingers were caressing her calf muscles? His touch was soothing and his fingers smooth.

She closed her eyes relishing the slight touch.

"You're bad for my business. That is the second guy in the matter of four days I've had to ban from my club. At this rate I'll be out of business by the end of the year." James joked.

Prue gazed at him.

"You don't like other men touching me." She blurted the words out unable to stop them.

He paused on her knee. "No, I don't."

The admission did nothing to ease her confusion.

"Why?"

"Because they don't deserve you, Prudence. I know the type of men who come here, and I don't trust them."

She licked her lips. "Because of you being a Dom?"

"What?" He looked up at her surprised. "Did Veronica tell you?"

"No, the news did and an ex-boyfriend who liked to dabble in the lifestyle." Why was she talking to him? She was angry at him. Mad and wanted him to leave her alone.

The way he was caressing her calf made her feel like falling to sleep.

She saw his other hand tighten on his thigh. The knuckles were white from her words.

"This is wrong," he said.

"What is?"

"I dated your sister. I'm older than you."

"We're just talking, James."

He glared at her. "Do you think I don't see the interest in your eyes?"

Prue dropped her gaze at his words.

"I think you should go," he said.

She eased up off the seat, missing his touch as she did. Her knees hurt, and she was looking forward to a bath.

"You need to stop sending men away, James," she said, stretching her hands above her head.

"I saw no interest on your part. I figured they were bothering you."

"Do you always send unwanted men away with other women in your club?"

He was silent, and her question wasn't answered. She glared at him, angered by the way he made her feel. It was unfair that she was affected by him while he showed no signs of having any interest in her at all.

"You're not like other woman, Prudence. I have to protect you," he said. She heard the determination in his voice, along with something else which she didn't know, and it startled her.

She took a step toward him invading his space. A finger poked against his chest.

"I'm not your responsibility, James. I can do whatever the hell I like."

He grabbed her finger pointing the digit away from his chest. "Don't start something you cannot finish."

Prue had no idea what came over her. Maybe it was the iced water or just being in the close proximity of this powerful man. She pressed her body against the front of his. Her ni**les hardened at the small contact. Her pu**y felt like it was on fire. "Who says I can't finish? You don't know everything about me, Mr. Castleden."

She moved in close to his lips. Prue felt his breath mingle with her own.

"You're not playing with your college boys, Prudence." His hands came up grasping her arms. She whimpered from the strength in his arms.

Who wouldn't be affected by this man?

He put an arm's distance between them.

Prue waited for him to let her go. She stared at him for a few seconds trying to see if there was any sign of her effect on him. There was nothing visible.

"See you around." She turned on her heel and left. Her two friends were waiting anxiously at the bar. "I'm out of here. I'll see you at work."

She left the club without a backwards glance.

Chapter Six

James watched her leave. The sway of her h*ps and that full rounded ass tempted him where he stood. He wanted to call her back, strip the skirt from her body and to see how full the curve of her ass actually was. She shouldn't be tempting him like this. He ran a hand over his face in an attempt to stem his desire for her.

The pulse of his c**k was not going away. He cursed her for invading his thoughts. Glancing around his office, he tried to find something to take his mind off her. All he smelt was her subtle perfume that permeated the air.

"Fuck," he said.

Seeing no salvation in his office, he left the room and made his way down to the dungeon where the real action was taking place. The beat of the music in Ravage held no appeal. He didn't know if she had left or whether she was out there dancing with some ass**le.

He took his usual booth in the back of the club so he could watch the proceedings. The main bulk of the club was clear of any serious action. A female sub was being punished for an indiscretion with missing a Dom's title.

Watching his club usually calmed him whereas now all he saw was Prudence. What would she look like knelt at his feet or offering to do anything he ever wanted.

Tate and Kevin came over interrupting his thoughts. They were two friends who dealt with security. From what he knew they were brilliant at what they did and had made a fortune from the services they provided. The two men were also in love with Rebecca. Since her attack they rarely came to the dungeon or Ravage.

They sat on either side of him, their expressions looking grim.

"Odd to see you here," James said, sipping a brandy that a waitress had brought over to him.

"We needed to get out of there. It was too much," Tate said.

James guessed the there was Possession.

"How is it going over there?" James asked, recalling what Lucas had said earlier.

"You mean between the nightmares and the endless quiet? Nothing. Rebecca stares out of the window like she's expecting to see something. Her cases are always packed, and she refuses to go back to the house that Cadeon set up," Tate said.

Kevin remained silent in the booth.

"Sorry to hear it is so bad over there."

Neither of them spoke.

"She knows Dane," Kevin said, after some time passed.

"What?" James asked.

"Neither of them speaks to each other, but we see the recognition on their faces. They know each other, and I think it is down to Lloyd Black. I bet he's got shit loads to answer to." Kevin swigged down a full glass of whisky before slamming the glass down on the table top. "I'm going to get another. Do either of you want one?"

Both men shook their heads, and they waited for him to leave.

"It is getting bad over there. Stephen is having to deal with clients who are refusing to pay their quote. Also, the press are having a field day with him. They want him to talk about Possession and how you become a member. Then with this Dane business."

James listened while Tate continued talking.

"Rebecca and Isabella are not helping. They live there permanently. Lucas and Sean were talking to me the other day, and they don't think this thing with Dominic Green is over. Our names are all over this. Kevin and I have increased security, and I recommend you do the same."

"Then I'll let you and Kevin handle my security over here. I've no idea where to start."

Tate nodded. "We'll deal with it at the weekend."

The sound of a sub crying out in pleasure pulled their attention out of their conversation. James saw the dark-haired beauty being brought to cl**ax. All of a sudden the woman changed in his mind's eye. He saw two-toned hair. The brown became black with the contrasting dark red underneath.

He shook his head trying to clear his thoughts. Prudence shouldn't be in his thoughts. She was too young and one of his ex's younger sister.

Turning his attention back to the table, he thought about Prudence with her sweet smile. That sweet smile had turned into one dripping with sexual promise only moments ago.

"I need you to do something else for me," James said.

"What do you need?" Tate asked as Kevin joined them at the table.

"I want you to do a background check. I want to know past boyfriends, her scores in college, and where she works now."

What the hell are you doing? She's younger than you. You shouldn't be doing this.

Stop.

He couldn't stop.

Tate pulled out a book and began making notes.

"I need a name."

"Prudence Star."

"When do you want this information for?"

"By the end of the week or as soon as you can get it." James sipped his drink. A sub stood by their table looking down at the floor.

"Yes," James said with a growl to his voice.

"My master has offered me to you," the voice said.

"Tell him I'm not interested."

She scurried away.

"That's not like you, James, pushing away a sub."

He didn't say anything as he downed his drink. Since Prudence had entered Ravage on Friday, training or taking a sub for the weekend hadn't been on his mind. None of them held any appeal. He pushed Kevin out of the way and got up.

"Get me those details." He left the dungeon without a backward glance. Some people tried to catch his attention, he ignored them, pretending he hadn't seen them. James walked out of his club and asked Leo to get him a cab to take him to Possession.

He waited while Leo talked to the taxi firm. They used one who knew the score and kept their mouths shut.

Once inside, the driver didn't speak to him or acknowledge his presence. James stared out of the window trying to get the black and red haired beauty out of his mind.

At the gate to Possession, he typed in the twelve digit number for his access code. The gates opened and immediately shut when the car drove down the path leading up to the house. When the taxi stopped, he paid some money for them to wait while he was inside.

He was surprised to see there was no doorman when he entered. James kept his coat and made his way down to Stephen's office.

Lucas and Sean were coming down the stairs looking like they'd just been to hell. He saw Lucas give him a nod of the head before leaving.

"I'm surprised to see you here," Sean said. The man looked like he'd aged twenty years.

"Are you still drinking from the bottle?" James asked.

"No, I drink from the glass and keep the bottle close by." Sean walked away leaving Lucas and James alone.

"Where is the doorman?"

"I think you need to talk to Stephen."

Lucas walked past him leaving James alone.

He knocked on the door and heard his friend's muffled voice letting him know the door was open.

Walking into the room James was shocked by what greeted him. There were piles of paperwork on the table. Dane sat in the centre of the room looking through some of the mounds of paperwork.

Stephen looked up. "James? Is that you?"

"The one and only. What's going on?" James asked, stepping around the room.

"I finally emptied the basement of the house that Dad kept hidden. These are all the backlogs of files on the members of Possession." Stephen went back to reading.

"Why don't you have a doorman?"

"He quit when he was attacked at the door by a pair who'd managed to get an access code to the gate. They didn't look like regulars. They were members of the press. After the attack there was an expose on the people who worked here. I compensated him, and his job will still be here when all this crap dies down." Stephen explained without looking up.

James looked at the never ending paperwork.

"How did they get the access codes?"

"Someone hacked our security. I've had Tate and Kevin put a tighter lock on things. I'm hoping it will hold up any possible threat. I've had it up to here with them." Stephen raised his hand above his head.

Dane hadn't looked up at him. James didn't like this other man. For him, he represented all the crap that was happening. If it weren't for men like him then he wouldn't be in this position, and maybe Prudence wouldn't be breaking into his thoughts.

"I'm getting them to boost my security. How is Ursula handling things?" he asked. He liked the other woman. She made Stephen calm and showed him what it meant to be a possessive man.

"She's not saying anything. I know she hates the fact she can't finish her degree. Her family are being difficult. They're worried about her being with me. It is a mess. Eugene really f**ked everything up for us."

Eugene Black was the man responsible for putting Possession and Ravage in the spotlight.

If James could get his hands on the little f**ker he'd have killed him all over again.

"Why are you going through the old files and all the old members?" James asked.

"To see if I've missed something. I'm following my gut in this one, James. I think there is an answer in here. I have no idea what. Ursula thinks I'm barking mad."

"Is this because of Lloyd Black?"

"Partly. You do know he was friends with our parents, don't you?"

James shook his head. He hadn't known. James frowned as he recalled what Stephen had said about the files being in the basement.

"I thought the files were either on the computer or here," James said.

"That is what I thought. Only within the last twenty years has information been going on file. My dad printed everything off and stored it away in the house. Possession was not the original house where the club met."

"Where did the club usually meet?" James asked.

"At my house, the one that has been passed down through each generation of Knox's. Some of the stuff here is in writing. I think it dates back easily a hundred years." Stephen closed and file and threw it on the floor.

"Anything with Black and Knox?"

"Yes, you're not going to like it. This here has the three files of Knox and Black, but there is also Castleden, James. Something went on among our families, and I've no idea what it is."

****

Dane listened to them talk. They were getting close to putting their history together. He'd figured it out the moment he read the files. It was done in code and one he'd easily been able to decipher. These two men had no idea how tightly they were wound with the Black name or how tightly the Black name was wound with Green.

"I'm going to get a drink," Dane said.

Stephen nodded his head then continued talking with James.

He liked both men and knew when they saw the truth, they would be in for a world of hurt. Dane walked out of the office and down to the bar. He saw Lucas and Sean drinking, which made him hesitate. Staring up the flight of stairs, he walked to the top floor to the far end. He gave three knocks, and Isabella opened the door.

She looked at him like he'd gone mad. Behind Isabella, Rebecca stood.

"What are you doing here?" Rebecca asked.

"I could ask you two the same question." He pushed past them and slammed the door glaring at them.

Neither of them showed any fear.

"I told you when I came here after getting out. Your being here is not good," Dane said. All three of them had agreed a few years ago what was going to happen. He didn't like how it was going. This could all turn on their heads.

"Things change, Dane," Rebecca said.

"Our plan does not change. Things are going to get ugly. Dominic was just the beginning. He'll come, and then you'll both be sorry." At mentioning him they both winced. He hated to see the pain on their faces. They were two young women who'd suffered a great deal. He wanted them to live their lives without fear. "What are you going to do when they find out the truth? Isabella? Rebecca?"

"I'm sorry, Dane. We can't run. Too much is at stake," Rebecca said.

"Sean and Lucas won't let me run. I'm thankful for your help, but I can't finish it. This is my home."

"I can't protect you here. You're too vulnerable." Dane wanted to hurt something. All of his planning was for nothing.

"We know you want to save her, Dane. We're going to help any way we can to get her back."

He closed his eyes as he was once again swamped by the pain.

"Nothing is going to help if you two are still around when the shit hits the fan. They're coming, and they're going to collect."

At his words silence descended on the room.

"James and Stephen have no idea how far back this thing goes, do they?"

Dane didn't say a word. From what he'd read, neither did their fathers or their fathers before them. Whatever happened between Possession and Ravage was about to get a whole lot worse.

"I better go before someone notices I've gone." Dane held both women's shoulders trying to comfort them. "Please, get out of here before it is too late. You will be nothing but pawns in this war among men."

He left them going straight to the bathroom when he saw Sean walking up the stairs. Dane locked the door staring at his reflection. He needed more time and more money.

Another part of him didn't want James and Stephen to be hurt.

Dane closed his eyes shutting off the painful memories. He needed to get Isabella and Rebecca to safety. That was the one promise he was going to keep. The other, he'd die in her place if he had to.

****

"Do you really think they'll be coming for us?" Isabella asked. Rebecca stared at the younger woman wishing she could give her something to help her feel safe.

"If Dane says he's coming then he'll be coming, and if we're here, we're as good as dead." Rebecca thought of Tate and Kevin. They were in love with her. She'd seen the possessive glint in their eyes whenever they looked at her. They wanted to keep her safe, and she hated the fact that they were in love with an illusion. The Rebecca they'd fallen in love with wasn't the real person she was.

She blinked away the tears filling her eyes. Lloyd Black had destroyed every part of her that was good. Now, she did everything she could to survive.

"Why don't we run?" Isabella asked.

"I think you should run. I can't. I owe Cadeon and Stephen so much. They protected me from Lloyd when it got too bad. Then there are Tate and Kevin." She cut off her thoughts.

"They will love you no matter what," Isabella said.

She shook her head. "They won't. Not when they learn the truth. Who could love someone like me?"

Isabella held her close. She took the small amount of comfort that she could in the younger woman's arms. They both owed Dane so much. Rebecca knew he was putting his life on the line to help them and the men who'd helped to free him.

"I can't leave Lucas to this. He's all I've got."

"Then it looks like we're staying until the end." They held each other for several minutes. It was the only comfort they could afford themselves in this perilous time. Rebecca knew it was only a matter of time before Possession and Ravage were a distant memory. She hoped and prayed they were all strong enough to deal with the danger that was lurking all around them.

Chapter Seven

Another meaningless day at work and her feet were tired from all the walking she'd done. She needed to find better fitting shoes. The heels she wore were not doing the job she wanted. Prue loved the way the heels made her legs and ass look, but they were a nightmare on her feet.

She leaned back on her sofa, clicking on the television when her phone began to ring. She ignored the shrill tone intent on disrupting her quiet time. The phone went ignored for the next few minutes until the phone lay silent in its cradle.

Her thoughts turned to James as the television showed a romantic comedy. It was too early for any decent movie to be playing. It had been four days since she'd seen James. Monday seemed like an eternity away. Anya and Becky went to Ravage every night after work. They were addicted to the club. She'd declined to go, preferring to stay at home with a tub of chocolate ice cream to keep her company.

Prue flicked through the channels trying to find something to capture her attention when the phone began ringing once again.

She growled before getting out of her chair and answering the call. "Hello," she said.

There was no sound on the other line. She put the phone down, and it immediately began ringing again. Frowning, she picked the phone up, waiting for the person to respond. Goosebumps erupted on her arms as she heard heavy breathing on the other end. The sound filled her with terror. She'd seen plenty of movies with heavy breathers down the line.

"Who is this?" she asked.

No sound other than the heavy breathing. She put the phone down then turned to sit on the sofa.

The phone began ringing.

Prue picked the phone up and placed it against her ear. The heavy breather was back. She slammed the phone down and disconnected the phone from the wall. Prue stared at the phone and screamed when someone banged on her front door.

She put a hand to her brow, feeling the sweat on her forehead. The neighbourhood she lived in was a good one. She walked to the door surprised to see who was on her doorstep. James stood waiting for her. Prue would recognise that frown anywhere. She soaked him in through the little keyhole.

"Open the door, Prudence. I know you're standing there." She stuck her tongue out and pulled a face before putting on a bland expression and opened the door.

"James, I'm surprised to see you here. Veronica doesn't live here." Her heart was racing partly from the phone call and mostly because having your wet dream on your doorstep would cause any body to have a meltdown.

"I'm not here to see Veronica. I'm here to see you." He brushed past her without giving her chance to invite him in.

"You could have waited for an invitation."

"I'm not a vampire, Prudence." He moved into her sitting room, glancing around him. She gazed at him stood in her sitting room. The house was a nice size. With him inside the sitting room made her place feel ridiculously small. "Nice place."

"Thanks. Do you want anything to drink?" she asked, pulling out her ponytail and allowing the locks to fall around her head.

"No. I want you to quit your job," he said, turning to look at her.

"What? Why?"

"I know where you work, and I don't want you working there anymore," he said, removing his coat.

The moment the coat was gone she lost all sense of her argument as she merely watched him. His body was so large and muscular.

It is not the first time you've seen a decent body, Prue. He's not even naked. Stop simpering, you silly girl.

"You can't tell me where to work," she said, folding her arms underneath her br**sts.

She saw it.

His gaze went down to her chest and quickly looked up at her. If she'd been looking elsewhere she'd have missed it. That one glance gave her hope.

Why are you hoping? He's Veronica's ex. You can't have him.

She didn't want him. You do.

Take what you want.

Prue felt like a bitch and was confused. Veronica was a happily married mother. Why couldn't she be with James? Her life was turning into one long drama. She couldn't stand it much longer.

"Give me one good reason why I should give up my job?" she asked, pulling his attention back to her. She wondered what he'd do if she opened her blouse revealing the white lacy bra she wore.

Stop! Don't be bad, Prue.

She wanted to be bad with James so much.

"You work for Cadeon Ashwood," he said.

"Wrong. I work in the building owned by Cadeon Ashwood. I've never met the guy. I know Violet, the woman he's married to. She was a quiet little thing. I'm not quitting my job."

She watched him grind his teeth. His jaw locked in anger.

"I've told you to quit your job." He took a step closer.

Prue licked her lips from the way his gaze penetrated her own. She'd never seen him so serious before.

"No, you can't order me around, James." She stopped speaking the moment he stood in front of her. She stared up his body wondering what was going on in that mind of his.

"I don't want you working for him."

"He's your friend?" She knew the answer. His and Cadeon's name had been linked together in the news.

"I know, and I don't want you working for him, Prudence."

"In case you haven't noticed, Mr. Castleden, jobs are scarce in this market. The work I do for Cadeon is good, and I get paid a decent wage. Not many women can say the same."

Her heart was racing purely for him. His subtle masculine scent teased her nostrils. The scent of leather and hard muscled man was intoxicating. He wore his leather pants making him look sinful.

"What was your relationship with your professor, Prudence?" he asked.

She looked at him, staring into his eyes, and she knew. James had run a check on her. Prue knew she should be angry at him checking her out, but it made her pleased.

Prue loosened a hand and pressed her palm against the front of his shirt. She felt the coil of muscle tense against her touch. A chuckle escaped between her lips.

She took one step closer, closing the small distance between them. Her hand was the only part of her touching him. It was enough for her to feel the heat escaping from him.

"I never knew I was so important for you to check up on." Her ni**les were hard points, and her pu**y was on fire, her need escalating in a short space of time.

"What was your relationship with your professor?" he asked again.

She didn't speak a word only stared at him.

What did it mean for him to be checking up on her? In her heart she thought it meant so much. Did he care about her? Want her the way she wanted him? Her head, however, made her doubt herself.

He'd been with Veronica. She'd seen him happy and knew from the look on his face that he wasn't happy.

"You've checked up on me, James. You find out what went on between the professor and me."

She moved away taking a seat on her sofa. If she hadn't been wearing her pencil skirt she'd have folded her legs under her. Prue picked up the remote and turned the volume up on the television. Her hand shook giving way to her nerves. She wanted to challenge James and show him she could give as good as she got.

"You f**ked him, didn't you?"

Her pulse leapt in her body. She'd never heard him be so crass before. Prue liked the way the word "fucked" rolled off his tongue.

Again, she didn't answer flicking through the channels instead.

"He was older than you, Prudence."

She smiled recalling the way the other man had shown her the delights of the body. It was a nicer and subtler way of saying how well the older man f**ked.

Out of the corner of her eye she saw the stress on his face from her lack of words. Why was she doing this to him? James had always been nice to her.

He ran his fingers through his black hair with the few specks of grey. She wanted to run her own fingers through the locks. How would they feel when she tightened on the length as he drove his shaft inside her?

James sat down on the coffee table in front of her. She saw the bulge in his pants and knew he wanted her. The signs she'd been looking for on Monday were present now.

What should she do?

Prue didn't want to be another notch on his bed post. Or a guilty f**k the next morning. She'd hate for him to regret being with her.

He took the remote from her hand and placed her hand within his. She saw how much bigger he was than she. She wasn't scared. His size comforted her. In the modern world they lived in, she knew she wasn't supposed to need a man to keep her safe but she did. Prue liked the thought of being taken care of. Prue's secret fantasy was to have a man who not only wanted to possess her, he also needed to own her.

****

James felt the smooth softness of her hand. Since the moment he learned she worked for Cadeon, alarm bells had been going off through his mind. He didn't want her working for Cadeon, and he knew it was silly. He'd known Cadeon a long time. The man was completely devoted to his wife, Violet. All of James's concerns were not founded. She was safe with Cadeon where at other offices she wouldn't be.

No matter how many times he tried to talk himself out of it, he couldn't stop the unease inside him. She shouldn't be working for Cadeon inside that office. Then to top it off, the report that Tate had given him explained the rather dubious relationship she'd had with her professor in college, Michael Lovell. He recognised the name and the man. He'd been a frequent visitor to the dungeon at one time. Prudence's name had never been mentioned once.

James knew something happened between them, and he hated it. She was sweet and young, and Michael should have kept his hands away from her.

Why are you here?

Why do you want to kill the man for touching Prudence?

Why do you want her to look at you and for her to tell you she'd go anywhere with you?

So many questions and he refused to answer any of them.

"I know Michael Lovell. I know what he likes."

Her gaze went back to his. The blush in her cheeks was unmistakable.

"You have no right to question the men in my life."

He knew she was attracted to him. James had always known the feelings he invoked in this woman before him. When she was younger he'd seen the admiration and the desire, the desire of a young girl who had no idea what real life meant. The woman before him knew true desire. She stared back at him. The fire danced in her blue eyes as she looked back at him.

James saw the challenge in her gaze, and what was worse was the fact the Dom inside him wanted to answer that call.

"I've never asked you about any of your conquests, James. The many women you've f**ked."

None of his conquests would come forward. The relationship he held with women was strictly business. He trained them in the art of submission until he found the right Dom for them. The time he spent with them was good but not ground breaking. He'd never felt any connection of souls like his two friends had described to him. Not even with Veronica. She was the only anomaly in his life. He'd never taken her or trained her. She'd been a passing fancy that only age had shown him the truth.

He'd never felt this need to keep her close. Staring at Prue, he felt the need.

"You can work for me," he said, hating the words the moment he said them.

"Why would I work for you?" she asked.

She hadn't taken her hand away. James held her hand close refusing to let go. He needed to keep her close, and the only way to do that was by having her near him at all times.

It was wrong of him. Veronica would probably kill him if she ever found out. He didn't care. James was going to do whatever the hell he liked.

"I can double your salary," he said. He'd seen all of her personal details. Tate had been thorough in his search. James expected the thoroughness, especially after the mistake he'd made with Violet.

"Exactly how much did your check go into? You know I'm paid well for my work."

"I'll make sure you can pay your student debts and own this house within the next five years," he said. His wealth could keep her in the life of luxury for the remainder of her life. He didn't want her to feel like a kept woman. Prudence was independent. He saw it, understood it, and would respect it, at least for as long as he could handle her independent streak.

"I don't want to work for you, James. I think you should leave before we say something we might regret."

James felt an excitement course through his body at her challenge. Did she not know what her words were doing to him?

"Are you sure you don't want to work for me?" he asked.

"I'm positive."

He stood, pulling his coat on. Another plan had already begun to form inside his mind. She'd refused to work with him, and he'd find another way to get what he wanted.

She followed him to the door. He turned, cupping her cheek against his palm. "You'll be mine soon."

Before she got chance to speak, he walked back to the car. The taxi driver was waiting for him. He climbed in the back seat waiting for him to drive to the club. While they were on the road, he pulled out his cell phone and dialled Cadeon's number.

Cadeon answered on the fifth ring.

"What's the matter?" Cadeon asked as a way of greeting.

"I want you to do something for me."

"What?"

"I want you to fire Prudence Star on Monday."

Chapter Eight

The weekend couldn't end fast enough for Prue. Her dreams over the last three nights had been filled with James and the last words he'd spoken before he left.

"You'll be mine soon."

Those few words were enough to send her heart-rate sky rocketing. She'd never been spoken to with so much possession before. Unfortunately, because of her dreams, she'd woken up late and was currently running toward the Ashwood building in the pouring rain and was soaking wet.

The moment she walked through the doors, she wrung her hair out then made her way to the elevator. Prue saw her reflection in the steel and groaned. She looked a mess. Opening her bag, she pulled out a hair brush and tried her best to make herself look presentable. Her skirt felt incredibly tight around her stomach, and her bra was digging into her shoulders and br**sts.

The doors opened, and she walked over to her desk. Anya and Becky were waiting for her.

"Mr. Ashwood has demanded your presence in his office immediately, Prue. What have you done?" Anya asked.

She frowned. Prue had never met the owner of the building where she worked. There was no reason for her to be meeting him.

"I have no idea. I better go even though I do look like a lost cause."

She ran her fingers through her wet hair then went back to the elevator for it to take her up to the top floor.

Prue walked across the office floor towards his office. Her heart was pounding. Cadeon Ashwood's personal assistant asked her to wait. She took the time to gaze out of the window down to where people were getting wet from the rain.

Her thoughts drifted to James and his unexpected visit on Friday. She also recalled the swelling in his pants. His arousal had been hard to mistake. She crossed her legs on the spot trying to stem her own desire. Her needs when it came to James were getting harder and harder to ignore.

"Miss Star? Mr. Ashwood will see you now."

Prue followed the woman. Cadeon was seated behind his desk. She recognised him from the photographs taken over the past year.

"Miss Star, thank you for seeing me."

She nodded her head, taking a seat in front of him. Her hands were shaking as she looked at him. He was a handsome man. Not as handsome as James, but he could rival most men in the looks department.

"I don't know what this is about, Mr. Ashwood."

He paused, and she saw he wasn't giving her direct eye contact. "I'm afraid we've had some difficulty of late, and we have to let some staff go. It is with great regret we inform you that your position here will have to be terminated."

Everything clicked into place. Prue knew he and James were very good friends, and she also knew that James would do anything to get what he wanted.

She'd seen the intent and couldn't believe the lengths he'd gone to, to get what he wanted.

Easing back in her seat she stared at him, seeing how uncomfortable he was. His friendship was being tested to the max.

"James put you up to this, didn't he?"

Cadeon looked at her. His eyes were filled with the same kind of heat that James possessed. She knew this man was completely taken with his own wife. The possessive flare that the news had reported on was not a lie. She knew that now more than ever before.

"I'm afraid there is no stopping what he wants, Miss Star."

"Please, call me Prue. Oh, he'll get what he wants, just not in the way he thought." She stood up and leaned over the desk to shake his hands. "Lovely to meet you, Cadeon. Give Violet all the best."

She left his office moments later, walking back to the elevator that took her to her floor. When she was there, she walked over to her desk and packed the few personal items before walking out of the door.

Her anger was building with each step she took. She ignored the taxi waiting for her and insisted on getting her own. The taxi took her straight to Ravage. The club was closed. She saw Leo outside smoking a cigarette.

After paying the taxi, she waited to gain Leo's attention.

"Where is he?" she asked.

Leo escorted her inside. "I'm afraid you're going to have to wait in his office. James is a little busy at the moment."

He left her inside James's office. She took in the space around her. Prue knew where he was, and she was going to confront him. The dungeon may be off limits to her, however, James had just cost her her job. He was going to get a piece of her mind, whether he liked it or not.

She listened to the door to see if Leo was standing guard. Prue opened the door a little to peer outside. No one was hanging around. She closed the door after her and decided to find the dungeon. She walked to the far end of the corridor and found a door leading to a waiting room.

Prue knew if it was night there would be guards on the door so no one could gain access. She opened a set of doors that led to a flight of stairs. For a split second, she doubted herself. She shouldn't be doing this. James wouldn't like her going down there.

He's just lost you your job. He deserves to get what is coming to him.

What he had coming to him, she didn't know.

Taking the steps slowly, she descended to the last one until she came to another set of doors. Prue opened the doors and looked into a whole new world. She'd been to BDSM clubs before. Those clubs were nothing like this. This whole place was like being immersed into a different world.

"You need to show her that she can trust you. You're the one in charge of her. She's your responsibility."

She heard his voice giving instruction. There was another man and a woman in the middle of the club. The woman was bound to a table with her ass in the air. Her pu**y was on display for them all to see.

Prue couldn't help herself. She gasped. The last BDSM club she'd been to had been a long time ago. The lifestyle hadn't been part of her because none of the Doms appealed. She'd done it for the current man in her life and because being told what to do turned her on.

Her small gasp caught James's and the mystery Dom's attention.

"I told Leo to put you in my office," James said.

"Too bad for Leo that he had a pissed off woman on his hands." She walked over to where James stood. His chest was naked, and he wore a pair of leather pants. He looked so damn good. She wanted to stand there and admire him. Instead, she forced herself to storm over to him.

James came toward her. He bent down, putting his shoulders against her stomach and lifting her. The move was so unexpected that she left out a squeal.

"Continue with your training. Lucas will supervise you," James said, pointing to another man who'd entered the room.

"Put me down, you f**king ape. You poor excuse for a f**king man." She wriggled on his shoulder in an attempt to make him put her down. Nothing she did budged him.

"Watch your head," he said, walking out of the doors she'd just entered through. She curled up the best she could while he took her back up to his office. Prue took the time to thump and slap his backside with all the anger she felt directed at him.

"Sorry, Boss. I can't keep her in one place," Leo said when James passed him.

"No problems, Leo. I've got her sorted."

She hit him, cursed him, and did everything in her power to try to get him to put her down. The door to his office closed, giving them much needed privacy. Only then did he put her down on her feet.

The moment her feet hit the floor she tried to slap him. He caught her hand pulling her in tightly against his body. "Don't even think of trying to hit me." He warned her.

She stamped on his foot as hard as she could. His facial expression didn't change once. Prue stared down at his shoes. They looked like hard working boots.

When she glanced back up in his face and saw the gleam in his eye, she knew she was right.

"Stop being such a hell-cat," he said.

"You got me fired, James. I liked that job. Okay, it was just a job, but it was one that meant I was able to keep a roof over my head and food in my stomach."

"What makes you think I took your job?"

She punched him in the arm with her free hand. "I know you and Cadeon Ashwood are friends. I read the papers, James. I'm not stupid even if you do like to treat me as if I am."

He captured her cheek with his palm. The action was filled with such tenderness it made her stop. Prue stared at him shocked by his move.

****

Her lips were in the shape of a heart. James thought they looked so damn good. He wanted to kiss them, desperately. Cadeon had kept his word. He didn't know why it was important to him for her to be close, only that he needed to keep her there.

"What more do you know?" he asked.

He knew there was more knowledge behind her eyes. The report he'd gotten from Tate last Friday showed him how much Prudence knew. James cut off all other thoughts. He didn't want to think of her with another man.

His hand remained against her cheek. Her skin was soft. He refused to let go of such beauty. Gazing down her body, he saw her ni**les were rock hard pointing up at him. What he would give to feel them in his palm?

Her lips tempted him. James wanted one taste, just one taste. He lowered his head, cutting off all thought.

James claimed her lips. Prudence didn't fight him. The instant his lips were on hers the fire ignited inside him. He moved his hand from her cheek, sinking his fingers into the locks of her hair. She wrapped her arms around him, pressing her curves against his body. His c**k filled and threatened to rip out of his pants.

Still, he sank his tongue between her lips, tasting her for the first time. Heaven was all he could think about.

Prudence was pure heaven. Her body accepted him as if she'd been made to be his and his alone. He kissed her like a starving man would devour his last meal.

Even as his body went up in flames, his mind settled as he knew he'd found the right woman. Prudence Star was the one for him, and she'd just turned his carefully designed world upside down.

James came up for air, and he stared down into her face. Her eyes were closed with a small smile playing along her lips. He moved his body closer, and she melted against him.

In that one moment he thought of Veronica. He'd never felt anything with her. The few small kisses they'd shared had been nice but nothing like what he felt now.

"What's the matter?" she asked, finally opening her eyes.

"We shouldn't be doing this," he said, even as his body protested.

"You were the one to kiss me, James."

He knew that, just like he knew he was the one who was still holding her in his arms not wanting to let her go.

"I told you I didn't want you working for him."

"And now I'm not. What are you going to do with me?" she asked, licking her lips. He'd tasted those lips. They hadn't sated his desire. Her lips had opened up his need.

James knew of many things he could do to her and wanted to.

He eased her out of his arms then took a step back.

"You can work here, and I'll drive you home every night."

"Are you kidding me? You lost me my job so that I can be a barmaid?" she asked.

He shrugged his shoulders. "There is nothing wrong with being a barmaid."

"And there was nothing wrong with what I did. I don't want to serve drinks for a living."

A knock came at the door interrupting his thoughts. Leo looked around the door and gestured for him to come. He looked at Prudence before following him out. James knew he'd f**ked up with her. He only hoped she found the work enjoyable.

Chapter Nine

Prue stormed home unwilling to go down without a fight. James was not going to get what he wanted. There must be plenty of jobs out there. All she needed to do was look in the right places. On the way home she picked up a newspaper with the intention of looking for some work. At home, she put the kettle on and sat at the kitchen table circling job offers.

While she made phone calls and crossed out job offers, she rubbed her lips thinking about the kiss. At first for a few short seconds it had been the lightest of caresses, and then within an instant it had intensified.

"Stop thinking about him, Prue. He's not worth it. Look for another job and put him out of your mind."

She reached for the phone to dial another number. The phone began to ring. Prue picked the phone up and answered the call.

There was no sound on the other end. She put the phone back down then picked the phone up to dial the number for another job.

By the afternoon, she'd phoned several places and gotten three interviews booked for the coming week. She made herself another cup of tea as her phone rang once again.

Picking up the phone, she greeted them and waited. There was no one on the line other than the heavy breathing.

She paused with her pen over the newspaper. "I don't know who you are, but please stop calling me." Prue slammed the phone down then let it sit by her. She hated the calls. Should she call the police?

She shook her head. A heavy breather meant nothing. To relieve her mind she kept the phone off the hook for the rest of the night. Anya and Becky paid her a visit later that night trying to get all of the juicy details out of her. She told them as much as she wanted to. For some reason she wanted to keep James's involvement out of their conversation.

What he'd done was between the two of them. She wasn't going to go and tell everyone what had happened.

When they were gone, she linked her laptop up to the internet and typed in his name. There were plenty of searches relating to his name. She added in the word "possession" and then "ravage" to see what else came up in the search engine. Most of the links were repeating what the news had said about their secret society.

She scrolled through the links and found a small one that was something similar to a forum. Prue clicked on the details and read through most of the posts available to her. She knew the basics, but none of the research helped her. If she was going to get answers then she'd need to get them herself.

Prue put her phone back on and dialled James number. He answered immediately.

"I was wondering when you were going to call," he said.

"I've got three job interviews lined up. I'm not phoning about work. I'm phoning because I want some answers." She licked her lips staring at her reflection in the mirror over her fire place. The black and red hair dye looked fine. She wouldn't need to do a touch up for another few weeks.

"And you think I'm the one who can give you those answers?"

"You're the only one I know about Possession and Ravage. I want to know what the media is talking about," she said, knowing he could blow her off.

He sighed. "Why do you want to know?" he asked.

"If these interviews fall through-"

"Which they will," he said, interrupting her.

"You don't know that. Stop interrupting me. It is not fair." She ran her fingers through her hair, becoming agitated. "I want you to tell me your side of the story."

He was silent on the other end. "Fine. I'll pick you up for dinner. I'll choose the place."

"Fine. I'll be ready."

"Prudence?"

"Yes?"

"Wear something nice and keep your hair down." He disconnected the call before she got chance to argue with him.

She walked up the stairs and ran herself a bath.

****

James hung up looking around his club. He'd typed her number into his phone so he knew it was her the moment she called him. He made a few calls, organising a booth in the restaurant he preferred for comfort. The owner of the place assured him his seat would be available.

Leo walked over to him. "I'll be out for the rest of the night. Please, make sure to keep a tight lock on things."

"Sure thing, Boss. Have a nice night with the lady," Leo said.

James nodded his head then left the club to go and dress. He spent most of his time at the club now. His own home was looked after by a variety of staff during his absence. After the press had accosted him outside his home, he'd not wanted to go back.

He changed his clothes before calling for a taxi. Outside the club he saw the queue of people trying to get inside. Leo was on the door once again, carding everyone. Leo had come to him for a job just after the press descended like a pack of walls. Hiring Leo had been a good decision.

The taxi pulled up several minutes later, and he climbed inside and gave the driver Prudence's address.

She stood at her door. He watched her lock her door then walk to the taxi. She climbed in beside him. The coat she wore obscured her body from his view. Together, they rode to the restaurant in silence. James wanted to reach across and reassure her he wasn't some kind of animal. Instead, he stared out his window trying to distract his mind and body from the tempting morsel at his side. It was a hard temptation to resist. He was determined to do so.

He helped her out of the car the moment they pulled up against the restaurant. There were no press, which he liked. This was where the wealthy could eat without the flashing cameras.

James took her hand, leading her inside the dark room. The maitre d' showed them to their table. He liked a secluded booth away from all the prying eyes. Being a wealthy man he hated being interrupted during his meal.

Prudence sat down, and he helped her into her place at the table. Her coat, as well as his, was taken by the maitre d'. The waiter presented their menus and left them in silence.

"You look beautiful," he said.

"And yourself."

He chuckled when she went bright red and gazed down at her menu. "This is very expensive, James. I wanted to pay for my own meal," she said. Her honesty was refreshing. The money meant little to him. Other women would have fawned over the prices while she looked nervous about the cost.

"I've forced you into this position, Prudence. I think it is only fair that I pay for your meal as well."

She nodded her head then went back to reading the menu in front of her. "Thank you for agreeing to see me, James."

"It was nice to be asked."

Prudence glanced up at him. "I never thought about how awful it must be for you. To have your whole life opened up for the world to see."

"It has been difficult. I was never ashamed of who I am. Unlike some people," he said.

"What are you trying to say?" she asked.

He closed the menu knowing what he was going to order the moment he'd entered the restaurant. James wanted to put her at ease in a new place. From the moment she'd phoned him, he'd wanted to take her to a place she'd remember. She looked absolutely stunning in the black knee length dress she wore. Her hair fell around her shoulders, and he saw the deep red peeking through the tips.

"I was talking about your relationship with the professor. Michael shouldn't be taking advantage of his students."

"I can assure you, he wasn't. I'm not ashamed of my relationship with him, James. Michael and I had a thing, and over time it fizzled out. There was nothing to it other than two people sharing some fun together."

The waiter came back. James ordered Beef Wellington with potatoes and vegetables. She ordered a chicken and spinach pasta with plenty of sauce.

"Michael shouldn't have done anything with you in the first place," James said. He couldn't get past her relationship with the other man. The pain in his chest at the thought of Michael touching her, hurt.

She reached over the table and took his hand.

"I've not seen him in over three years. I don't want to talk about our past lovers."

James knew she wanted to talk about Ravage and Possession.

"What exactly do you know?" he asked, taking a sip of his water.

"Nothing. Only the crap I've heard in the news."

"Some of that crap is true but not all of it." He replaced his glass on the table. Prudence made to pull away from him; he kept a firm grip on her hand. James wanted to touch her as he talked to her.

"Then tell me what is true."

He took a deep breath. Cadeon and Stephen had each gone through this stage with their women. What if she handled it badly? Being owned by a man is not the most modern way of seducing a woman.

You're seducing her now?

"The part about Possession and Ravage being exclusive clubs is true. Stephen Knox is the owner of Possession while I own Ravage."

She didn't pull away from his hand. He glanced around the restaurant seeing a few familiar faces among the people dining. There were more possessive men out there than people realised.

"I don't know how to discuss it, Prudence. I've learned to accept what is."

"Start with your own club. I want to know more about you and how you're linked."

The waiter came over with their meal. James let her hand go so she would be able to eat unhindered by his touch. When the waiter disappeared he began explaining himself.

"Ravage was already part of my family. My father had built the club to be a gentlemen's club very much like Possession. When I came to own the club I changed it so the main part of the club was open to everyone while the basement, or the dungeon, could be used for more exclusive purposes. It made money and kept a tight lid on clients' identity. If they wished they could go through the club without questions." He stopped to eat a piece of beef.

"So is Ravage your only business?"

"No. Castleden has many stocks and shares with businesses worldwide. I deal with them in my spare time. My father placed a board who oversee that side of the investment. I'm called in when things get difficult." He lived a good life. His father had made sure he'd want for nothing. James preferred to be in his club. Ravage was his life. It was who he was and defined the man he'd turned into.

"Stephen also handles some of our joint ventures."

"You and Stephen are friends?"

"We grew up together. Our family over generations had started the exclusive clubs. My father went through it all when I was younger."

She was eating her pasta as the waiter came back with the wine bottle. Prudence covered her glass shaking her head. James took some.

"You own the BDSM club at the bottom? You're a Dom?"

"I don't know if they are questions or statements of facts," he said.

"Do you own the BDSM club under Ravage?" she asked, slowly.

"Yes."

"Are you a Dom?" she asked, slowly once again.

"Do you know what a Dom is?"

"Answer the question, James."

He glared at her. James wanted to pull her over his knee and tan that ass with his palm. The full round globes would be shining red with his hand print the moment he was through with her.

"Be careful, Prudence. I don't like being spoken to like that."

She placed her fork down, linked her fingers, and stared at him. He felt her assessment right down to his soul. Prudence saw past the layers he'd built up to the man beneath. He didn't know how he knew this, only the way she made him feel as she looked at him.

"Forgive my impatience. Are you a Dom, Sir?"

James was taken back. Michael must have shared more with her than he anticipated. Did she have any idea what the title meant to him? From the glazed look in her eye, James could only imagine that she did.

His c**k thickened. Her gaze lowered to her plate, her head bowed in obedience. To anyone who was looking at their table, she looked like she was saying a small prayer. James knew the bowed head meant so much more.

"You're forgiven. Yes, I'm a Dom." James reached over and tapped her hand. She looked up at him then began eating when he nodded his head.

"What do you know?" he asked.

She smiled. "More than you realised, Sir."

He watched as she forked a piece of pasta and popped it into her mouth. She wasn't running. Prudence stared at him as if she was waiting for something.

"Aren't you afraid?" he asked, needing to know the answer.

"I have nothing to be afraid of, James. I was showing you that I understood your lifestyle and respected it."

"You're too young," he said. Proper words evaded him. What could he say to her?

"I'm twenty-three, James. There is no age limit for this. I've not been in the lifestyle. I've experimented a little."

James was intrigued. "What have you done?"

"Tell me about your link to Possession, and I'll tell you about what I've done."

He smiled. Prudence knew a lot more than he gave her credit for. James wished he'd been the one to teach her.

"Possession is designed for men who feel possessive towards their woman."

"Isn't every man supposed to feel that for their woman?" she asked.

"This kind of possession was for men-"

"With money," she said, interrupting him.

"With money to be around like-minded people. I've seen it, Prudence. The way the men act around their woman. Stephen, for example, he didn't believe in it, but he became obsessed with his woman. He needed to know where she was, and when another man was near her, he wanted to do harm."

"That sounds very stalker-ish to me."

James laughed. "I agree. It sounds it, but when you see it, you'd never think of a stalker. There is a consuming love sparking between them. I've seen Cadeon and Stephen with their women, and it is like little lightning bolts surging between them and their woman. It is amazing to witness."

"And Possession provides these men with an outlet for all those feelings. They can take their women and feel at ease because the men who go there know to leave the women alone?" she asked.

James nodded. "The press made out we were forcing women to be taken in some kind of f**king orgy fetish. I've seen the way these men are with their women, and Possession is perfect for them. I believe in it."

"Have you ever felt the consuming need for a woman, James?" she asked.

Chapter Ten

Prue felt a new yearning inside of her. She'd watched and listened to the way James described it. On the outside it sounded like an extreme stalker, but she craved to be completely taken by a man. She wondered what it would be like to have a man so completely possessive of her that he phoned her just to hear her voice.

She waited for him to answer her last question. Her thoughts were drifting off to what he'd told her. The rumours where she'd worked about Cadeon had been similar, with the way he'd been with Violet up until she married him. Cadeon had been described as a demon possessed with keeping the other woman.

Staring down at her food, she wondered if there would ever be a man out there like that for her.

"No, I've never felt a possessive need for another woman."

His words hung in the air between them. She picked up a piece of pasta and ate it.

"It must be nice for the women who get that," she said.

"What?"

"The women who know their man adores them that much. It must be nice." She felt a lump forming in the back of her throat. "Could you excuse me? I need to use the bathroom."

Prue left her seat and followed the directions the man gave her to the toilet. The room was empty. She walked up to the mirrors and moistened her hands with the water. She shook off the excess then pressed her fingers to her neck.

She needed to calm down.

Her pulse raced in her neck, and her body was in turmoil at what she'd just learned. How could she ever think of finding a man to love, knowing there was someone out there who'd possess her?

A pair of hands wrapped around her waist. She gasped, opening her eyes and seeing James behind her.

"You shouldn't be in here," she said.

"I've made sure the waiter won't let anyone inside."

His hand moved up against her neck. She bit her lip from the image she saw. His larger hand covered a great deal of her neck. His fingers glided over her pulse.

"Tell me what is wrong?" he asked.

She shook her head.

"I just want you to be sure, Prudence. We name ourselves 'The Owners'." He whispered the words against her ear. The possessive way he held her neck was making her ni**les tighten and her cunt clench for so much more. "We own our women. They are ours to keep."

"Why are you doing this?"

"I'm telling you this because there are some women who could not handle being truly taken by a man. There are times when our possession goes wrong."

"Not always?"

"No. I've only heard of it once, but that once was enough. The woman in question is permanently scarred by what happened. Be careful what you wish for."

His touch did not calm her.

"I'm going back to our table. When you come back I want to discuss what you've done." He kissed her cheek and let her go. His arms unwound from her. She watched him take a step back until he was out of the door. She'd never been so turned in all of her life.

Prue held onto the sink to try to gain support to her shaking limbs.

If this is what he could do from small touches, she wondered what he could do with more time in his arms.

She gave herself a quick glance in the mirror before making her way to the table.

Her plate had been taken away while she'd been gone.

"The dessert menu will be with us shortly," James said.

Nodding her head, she sipped her water wishing she'd let the waiter fill her glass up.

"How are you feeling?" he asked.

"I'm okay."

"Good."

The waiter handed them the dessert menu. She gave a quick look and settled on a chocolate cheesecake with whipped cream. Closing the menu, she waited for him to finish.

"Do you know what a safe word is?" he asked, still looking at his menu.

"Mine is 'rose'." She answered the question without hesitation.

He glanced up.

"It is my favourite flower."

"What else have you done?" he asked.

"I don't know everything. I've been tied up once, to a bed for a short time, and my ass has been spanked." Prue didn't know why she was telling him everything. She wanted to show him she wasn't some simpering girl. She knew her own mind and what she liked in the bedroom.

"Have you ever needed to use your safe word?" he asked.

She shook her head.

"Have you been in a BDSM club?"

"Only a few and I've never joined in. Everything I've experienced is at home in the privacy of my room."

"Would you like to see?"

Prue smiled. "I'd love to."

The waiter took their orders for dessert. They didn't speak. James caught her hand in his, and his thumb stroked the pulse in her wrist.

When the dessert came, she took a forkful of her cheesecake without letting go of his hand. She liked the comfort her gave her. His fingers continued to stroke her and soothe her. When the meal was finished, James grabbed his wallet and pulled out a card.

She felt the blush creep into her cheeks.

"What's the matter?" he asked. The waiter left.

"I prefer to pay my own way."

"I don't want you to pay. When you're with me, you won't be paying for anything. I will look after you." She nodded her head and waited for the man to come back.

He came back and handed the card to James. She made to get out of her seat. James gave her a look that made her sit back down. He helped her out of her seat then escorted her to get her coat. The chill from the night air caught them both as they made their way outside. The taxi they'd arrived in was waiting by the curb.

James eased her inside then followed in behind her. She didn't say anything as he took her hand once again. The car pulled away from the curb and began the short journey to his club. Once they were there, Leo opened the door for his boss. James moved him out of the way to help her out of the taxi.

"Don't you need to pay the driver?" she asked.

"They have an account with my name on it. I don't like driving around the city anymore. I prefer to be taken."

Leo remained at the door as James escorted her through the club. She felt gazes following them around the room. James kept a firm grip on her, taking her back to the room she'd found earlier that day. The guards were on the doors, and James took the elevator instead of walking down the stairs. When the doors closed, James turned to her.

"When you go inside, you're going as my guest. I will make them aware that you're a new member and are learning the ropes."

"Okay."

He cupped her cheek. "Prudence, for this short time I need you to be my sub."

She licked her lips wondering what it would be like to be entering his part of the club as his sub. "I can do that."

"Doms will not approach you if you're with me. You'll be able to look around freely."

Prudence nodded her head. "Don't I need to wear something?" she asked.

"Yes." She watched him remove a silver chain with a cross on.

"You can wear this."

She'd never seen the necklace before.

"I wear it whenever I go out. It was my father's, and when I have a son, I'll pass it on to him."

Prudence nodded, moving her hair off the back of her neck so he could place the necklace around her neck.

"Let me take your coat."

She turned to him, letting him take off what he wanted. He moved the arms of her dress up to cover more of her chest. "I don't want other men looking at what is mine."

What words followed that comment?

"I'm going to press the button to open the doors. I need you to keep this place absolutely private. The people and where it is."

"I'd never tell anyone, James. I promise."

"Good."

His palm slammed against a button. "Show time."

James pulled her close to his side. She kept her gaze lowered, pressing her body against his. Her mind was a whirl of activity. Everything he'd told her was playing over her mind. To be owned by a man and in James's case, to be owned and dominated. She shivered, feeling the pulse of the thought take effect throughout her body.

She knew she was a submissive. The thought of dominating a man or women held no appeal. Being dominated by a man she trusted and loved was different. James, with his words, had filled her with a deep yearning she couldn't stop from building.

He was a dream come true.

They made their way over to his table. He sat down and then patted the seat next to him. "You may look around," he said.

She lifted her head seeing that the soft lighting of the room only highlighted what needed to be.

"What happens here?" she asked.

"Everything and nothing. This is where we hold a munch, a place for a submissive and Dominant to meet without expectation."

She'd never been to one. Her experiences were purely down to the experience at home.

"I've also given classes here. Doms will bring their subs and give classes in certain styles of kink."

"Like what?"

"Rope play, roleplaying, spanking, and then the extreme classes."

"Extreme classes?" she asked.

"Yes, and I'm not telling you about them."

He tapped her knee looking out at the crowd.

"What is happening tonight?"

"Nothing. This is merely a social gathering where they can be themselves."

Prue looked around the room seeing several couples dotted around the room. She saw a female sub sitting at her Master's feet with her head bowed and her hair being stroked. Another master had the sub curled up against his side. She fondled his c**k as he talked to another.

"This place is free, Prudence. There is no judgement here."

She liked it and pressed her body against his.

"Veronica didn't like it here, did she?" she asked.

He froze by her side.

"No. She did not."

"I like it here." She snuggled against his side, watching and enjoying the feel of James by her side.

****

James stared out at the room feeling Prudence go lax by his side. She'd surprised him from the phone call down to her last words. He'd never expected her to like his place. This was his world. He felt happy and content when he was here. The club at the top was a great earner, but this was his life.

A couple of fellow Doms raised their glasses to him. He frowned refusing to acknowledge his new sub. Once tonight was over, Prudence was not being allowed back down here. He didn't want to watch other men vying for her attention. She would be working in Ravage at the bar.

Her body grew heavier by his side. He glanced down to see she'd fallen asleep in his arms. Her face relaxed in sleep. She looked younger, and he felt like a bastard for doing this to her. He'd wanted to startle her and make her run in the opposite direction.

Shaking his head, he stared out at everyone. This was who he was. He'd never be able to change who he was.

He laid her down on the booth's plush cushion and found her house keys out of her pocket. When he had her keys, he picked her up and made his way out of the club. A couple of Doms assisted him.

The taxi was called back. The driver showed no signs of being irritated by the constant calls. James made a note to pay a personal bonus to the driver. He wondered how the guy would feel being his personal driver.

He'd think of that at another time. He wanted to get Prudence settled. She opened her eyes and snuggled in closer before falling back to sleep. James held her close during the drive through the city to her place. The night was thick with mist, and he knew it would be frozen solid the next day.

Her fingers curled into the flesh of his leg. He took the time to look at her in sleep. She really did look too young to be with him. James knew he was old. He should be shot for the way he felt about her.

There was no way in hell she'd ever be his submissive.

You want her to be.

You want her to look at you with so much love and trust that no man stands a chance.

Can you live with yourself if she ends up with the Michaels of this world?

He knew she was a passionate woman. James didn't know how passionate she was. He couldn't watch another woman look at him with the same revulsion that Veronica had.

Not with Prudence.

The car pulled up outside her house. Using some careful manoeuvring, James got her out of the car without waking her. Someone must be looking down at them from the above. The driver got out and took the key to open the door. James thanked him and asked him to wait. He carried her up the stairs. The sound of the door closing didn't worry him. He found her bedroom. The double bed looked inviting. He liked his poster bed. In his room he kept silk ties to bind a woman to his bed.

"Stop thinking about it," he said to himself.

He laid her on the bed, removed her shoes, and then slowly eased her dress off. She wore a lacy black bra. The sight of her full body in the black underwear made his c**k thicken inside his pants.

James eased her under the sheets, and he saw the interlocking black rose tattoo along the base of her back. He'd seen it in the club, but in the light he'd not been able to make out the picture. This design showed a tattoo with interlocking stems and thorns. The dark design stood out against her pale skin.

He made sure she was warm enough before leaving her bedroom. Once he was downstairs, he moved to the kitchen to set the timer for the heating and hot water to come on.

At the table, he found the paper with her job interviews. He took the paper and left her a note. She wasn't working for anyone else but him.

Chapter Eleven

One week later

The bar was in full flow. The noise of the patrons was deafening to her ears. Jermaine was doing everything he could to bring her up to speed with working in the bar. Nothing she did was ever right. Since the moment she'd lost her job, James had been everywhere she went. The night they'd gone out on a date, he'd carried her home and stolen the paper with all of the interview details. He'd left her a note telling her the only job she needed was at Ravage.

Prue spilled the beer out of the cup and cursed. Jermaine came to finish the order as she tried to mix a couple of cocktails for another couple of women.

She took the money and gave them the wrong change. Jermaine had to type in the password to open the register.

"We're always busy, Prue. You'll get the hang of it," he said.

"I'm causing you more work. You should get James to fire me."

"I'm not doing that. Take a couple of the trays and grab the empty glasses from the tables." Jermaine was doing it again. Whenever she f**ked up on a busy night he moved her away from the bar. Prue didn't argue. She caused less mess the farther away from the bar she got. She'd never get the hang of being a barmaid.

Prudence walked around the tables, taking glasses that were empty and food wrappers. She hated this job. James hadn't lied about meeting her salary. He paid her double what she'd gotten for working in Cadeon Ashwood's place.

The money didn't stop her from hating the job. James hadn't seen her since their date. They'd spoken on the phone, and she'd seen him in passing. He didn't say anything about their time together. It was like their date never happened. She didn't know what felt worse, the fact he ignored her, or that he treated her like she no longer existed.

Prue thought they'd connected that night. She'd felt his dominance, and her body responded to him.

"Stupid," she said, shaking her head.

She picked up the trays and made to move around. Someone passed her, bumping her with his hip, which sent her tray of glasses crashing to the floor. All eyes turned to her. The sound was deafening in the room. Her cheeks bloomed with her blush. She lifted her gaze to see James staring at her. Instead of cleaning up her mess she pushed past him, not wanting to see him.

A loud cheering followed in her wake. She ignored the comments as tears filled her eyes. Never in all of her life had she looked so incompetent.

She opened the door and closed it. Some alone time was what she needed more than anything else.

The tears fell onto her cheeks. She rubbed them away in frustration.

The door opened. Prue turned her back to whoever followed her.

"Look at me, Prudence," he said.

She shook her head. Prue stood in a darkened room. There appeared to be no light on.

Great, I can't even find a room with light.

"I need some time alone. Please leave me alone, James."

"You're in a broom closet."

"I don't care where I am. I need some time alone." She folded her arms under her br**sts then turned to face him. "Is this what you wanted to see? Did you want to see me miserable because I can't do this job? I never wanted to work here. I was happy where I was."

His hand went over her mouth and stopped the flow of words from spilling out. The light came on. She blinked seeing his hand around the piece of rope that switched the light on.

"Why are you crying?" he asked.

James eased his hand away from her mouth. She licked her suddenly dry lips. A groan escaped from his. The sound was so subtle that she thought she hadn't heard him.

"I can't do anything right," she said when no other sound came from James.

"You can do everything you set your mind to."

She shook her head. Prue removed the band from her hair and moved away. The closet smelled of disinfectant and cleaning products.

"You're not listening. Why are you doing this to me, James? Why?" she asked, hands on her h*ps when she turned back to him.

He stared down the line of her body. His gaze felt like a caress down her skin. Like so many times before, her ni**les tightened, and her pu**y clenched with fresh arousal. Seeing James and not doing anything left her in a constant state of arousal. Not a day went by when she wasn't thinking about him in some way.

Working for him made her thoughts run riot with images of him. There was no gap between her fantasies and needs.

James was there all the time.

"I like having you here, Prudence."

"Why do you use my full name? Why? Why? Why?" she asked, feeling frustrated with his lack of answers.

She walked toward him, standing in front of him with her arms folded.

"I just want you."

Her heart skipped a beat inside her chest. She nibbled on her lip, staring past his shoulder. Nothing she did could make him tell her anything.

What did you expect? A confession of undying love?

"Don't do that!"

She frowned at him. "Do what?"

"That."

His hand came up, pulling her bottom lip from between her teeth. She held her breath as he rubbed his fingers along her lips.

"I need just one more taste," he said.

In one instant she was standing with her arms folded, and in the next, her fingers were sunk inside his length of hair as his lips claimed hers.

This kiss was not gentle. The man in front of her was hard and ruthless. He was taking what he wanted without permission. He owned her mouth as easily as he owned her heart.

Prue gave him everything, pressing her body against his. He pulled back, his fingers sinking into the length of her hair, and she felt him tighten his hands into fists. The hair pulled as he tightened his hold.

Her arousal was intense and strong.

"Your eyes are dilated, Prudence. I bet if I was to touch your sweet pu**y you'd be soaking wet for me," he said.

She moaned. "Please," she said, begging him.

He pulled her close, pressing a leg between hers. She wore jeans, but his leg against her mound made her wish she'd worn a skirt. If she'd worn a skirt this could have turned into so much more.

James took her lips once more, rubbing his thigh between her own. She kissed him back and rode his thigh. Her pu**y was weeping her cum into her panties. She didn't want him to stop. Prue dropped one of her hands to his shirt, opening the top buttons to expose his chest.

Suddenly, he pulled away. Her own shirt had exposed the necklace she still kept around her neck.

He spoke no words as he picked up the silver cross. "You're wearing it."

She licked her lips and tasted him on her tongue. "You never gave me permission to remove it."

James laid the cross outside of the shirt. "Never hide it when you're in my club."

"James?"

He was gone. Prue stamped her foot. His disappearing act irritated her more than the job. He never gave her chance to talk about her position. She ran her fingers through her hair, then tied the length up with the band.

She wondered what James had been thinking when he hired her. He was acting like he didn't want her around.

Prue left the safety of the closet. The broken glass had already been cleaned up. The bar remained busy, and Jermaine continued to train her.

All the time she felt eyes on her.

****

James watched her work on his computer screen. She spent a great deal of time cursing. He wondered if she cursed the job, or him. Most of his nights were spent watching her at the bar. Her training continued to be a slow process. The first night she'd been working Jermaine lost his temper. James had told the other man to either be patient or find another job. Now, Jermaine showed her nothing but kindness and patience.

The kiss he'd shared with her had been a mistake. He'd not been able to help himself. Seeing that plump bottom lip between her teeth tantalised him. He'd needed another taste of her warm lips and soft body.

The cross she wore captured his attention. She wore his token of dominance. Several members would see the token and leave her alone. They would know she belonged to him and no one else.

He shook his head. For the past week he'd been making trips over to Possession. There was no fresh news from the paperwork. He'd looked through the files and seen nothing. Dane remained in their care with no more disappearing acts. He wondered what was going on over there. It was night time, and Stephen rarely had any clients at night anymore. James opened the drawer of his desk to find the folder with the paperwork he'd requested. All he needed to do was put his signature to the page, and Prudence would never struggle again in her life. He signed the document without blinking at the sum.

He'd do anything to keep her safe. James knew where his thoughts were leading. This was how it had started for the others. His possessive feeling, the need to claim her as his own, only increased the more she was with him. He struggled to stay in his office when he saw other men flirting with her.

She was not his.

You want her to be.

You can have her. Claim her. Own her.

He opened his desk draw, placing the file into the drawer. The white envelope remained unopened in his desk. He stared at the thing that was responsible for bringing Prue back into his life. James hadn't opened the letter.

Running his fingers along the envelope, he decided not to open the letter yet. Veronica had been wrong about him. He wasn't a monster, and he refused to be treated like one.

He stared at his computer and saw Prudence serving once again.

For the past week he'd let the taxi driver take her home. Tonight, he'd accompany her home. He liked to know she got home safe.

****

Dane waited for Rebecca to lock her door. Isabella sat on the bed. The more he saw both women the harder it was for him to keep quiet. There were men in their lives who'd be able to keep them safe. He knew he could trust them with what he knew. Both women demanded he kept silent. Their silence was going to get them all killed. He stared out of the window, which overlooked the forests surrounding the property. His prison cell had contained bars when he was in England. This was an open prison. Freedom was never going to come cheaply. His freedom always came with a price.

"What have you learned?" Rebecca asked.

"I can get her, but the price has gone up to over a million," he said, without turning around. Dane had received the email earlier in the day. "I can't come up with that kind of cash in the next couple of weeks."

"We don't even know if he's got her, Dane. She could be lost," Isabella said.

"No. She had a value. Her virginity will keep her safe." Dane slashed his hand across his body. He needed to believe she was safe.

Dane wouldn't be able to live if he thought she was being hurt.

"This needs to stop," Rebecca said.

"How do we stop it?" Isabella asked.

"Mary-"

"Don't say her name!" Dane yelled at Rebecca.

Both women stared at him. He was losing his mind. "There is no way out of this. Once you're part of him, you remain part of it."

"What has happened with the files?" Rebecca asked.

"They haven't worked out the connection yet. It is only a matter of time before they do," Dane said.

"I know this all started with Violet. The moment she came into the mix, everything blew up."

"She is not to blame, Rebecca."

Rebecca nodded her head. "I know. She's a sweet girl. This has to do with Possession, Ravage, Green, and Black."

"They have no idea that they were taking girls from both clubs. I don't think their fathers knew about it, but from what I've seen, Possession and Ravage were used as a way to smuggle women in and out of the States," Dane said.

Isabella gasped. "That can't be possible."

"I think this is the lure. Good looking girls who are charmed by the idea of this place and are drugged and taken. It is a stretch, but I think that is the link."

"Stephen and James are not like that."

"But what about their parents?" Dane asked.

Isabella remained quiet.

"They're dead," Rebecca said.

"Yeah, how did they die?" Dane asked.

"I have no idea."

"Where I come from people die all the time, and it does not take much to make it look like an accident," Dane said.

"Do you really think Stephen's and James's parents were in on trafficking women?" Rebecca asked. The thought sounded ridiculous even to him.

He shrugged his shoulders. "I have no idea. What I can tell you, from the paperwork they're going through, is that any lawyer will be able to link Dominic Green with Stephen and James along with all the men downstairs. I'm talking Tate, Kevin, Sean, and Lucas. All of them could go down."

"They were not part of this," Isabella said, getting to her feet.

"No?" Dane asked, walking toward Isabella. "Then tell me, Isabella. Why did you throw yourself at Eugene Black? What happened when Sean rejected you? Lucas being the devoted brother that he is, why didn't he find you?"

Dane knew he hurt her with his words. He needed them to see how easily everything could implicate the people they loved the most.

"You're twisting everything," Isabella said. Tears were spilling down her cheeks.

"I'm telling you how others are going to see this thing. No one is safe, not even them. They can be the ones accused of everything, don't you see?"

"What should we do?" Rebecca asked.

"You need to come clean to all of them. We need to get them involved before it is too late."

"I'm not ready," Isabella said.

"Then you better get ready. The longer we leave it, the worse it will be."

Chapter Twelve

Two weeks later

Prue leaned against the alcove watching the couples sway together. Her break would be over soon. She sipped her drink wishing she was the one in the arms of a loved one. Working at Ravage was not the best job, but true to James's word, the money was good. The last two weeks had been a dream. Ravage opened every night, and she worked every night. James liked to keep her close. She'd noticed the way he moved around the club whenever she was working. Every night when the main part of the club closed, he'd take her home. The driver left them to their privacy. She loved it when he took her home. They'd hold hands, and James would pull her in close. She forgot about everything in his arms. Her sister was forgotten, along with all of her worries.

James was part of her world. He made sure the cross he'd given her was always exposed for others to see. She knew why he'd done it. He was warning other Doms away from her. She'd found some information online. In his own way he was stating his ownership of her. Prue liked it. She fingered the necklace, longing for more than his chain of possession to be around her.

"You're on your own again," he said against her ear.

She closed her eyes feeling the shiver run down her spine. His body pressed against her back. She felt the hard ridge of his c**k pulse against her ass.

Neither of them was crossing that invisible line. Every night she lay in bed thinking of how it could be with him. What she'd do if his hands moved down her body to cup her br**sts. Her own hands no longer satisfied her cravings. She needed more, and she felt like a total bitch for her own needs.

Their kisses had started something that neither knew how to stop. At least she didn't know how to stop. The more time she spent with him the harder it was getting to walk away. The chemistry between them sparkled brighter than ever before.

"I'm on my break," she said, leaning back to feel his warmth. One of his arms banded her waist. His fingers teased the flesh where her shirt ended and her jeans began.

She'd walked into work the following day after their time in the closet in a skirt that fell to her knee. James made sure she spent the entirety of her shift away from prying fingers and lingering eyes. Did he even realise how possessive he was becoming with regards to her?

"I don't like you on your own. Anyone could be here." His fingers moved up under her shirt. She closed her eyes, biting down on her lip.

Her thoughts turned to mush as her body melted under the onslaught of his touch.

His other hand grazed down her side. The tips of his fingers grazed her br**sts. She gasped then turned to face him. His hand glided round to her back as his other took the drink from her fingers. The beat of the music reached them in their private alcove.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Dancing. A pretty lady like yourself shouldn't be alone."

Prue stared at him, amazed, then relaxed her body against his. The trust inside her when it came to him startled her. She knew he'd never hurt her. Biting her lip, she closed her eyes enjoying his scent surround her. She was becoming addicted to his masculine scent mixed with the hint of leather.

"I want to go back to the dungeon," she said.

He tensed. "You don't know what you're asking."

She eased back staring up into his eyes. "I wear your token, James. That must mean something."

James withdrew. She saw and felt it.

"It means I'm still taking care of Veronica's younger sister."

Ouch. That one hurt.

Prue pulled away then removed his silver cross necklace. She slammed the piece of jewellery against his chest. "I'm not a child. I don't need someone looking out for me."

Without waiting for him to speak, Prue walked away. She moved toward the bar and helped Jermaine serve. James came to the bar to try to talk to her. She refused to speak to him. He was a f**king coward, and she couldn't believe she'd ever hoped for something more.

James tried to gain her attention. She ignored him, refusing to give him the satisfaction. She handed a couple their drinks when James caught her wrist in his hands.

"Don't ignore me," he said.

"Fuck you, Sir." She pulled her hand away glaring at him.

She was done with waiting. If he wanted nothing to do with her then she wasn't going to waste her time. James was the one. She knew that, but he didn't.

"I quit," she said when she saw Anya and Becky on the dance floor.

"You can't quit," Jermaine said.

"Yes, I can."

She left the bar going out to the crowd. His eyes were on her. She felt it, and her heart hammered inside her chest.

"What are you doing here?" Anya asked.

"Showing a guy I can live without him and look after myself." She threw her hands above her head and swung her h*ps to the beat pulsing on the dance floor. Veronica, James, and even Leo could f**k off. She was twenty-three years old and could look after herself. Until James entered her life for the second time she'd been renting a decent house with the hopes of buying it.

"He's watching you."

"Good."

He should be watching. I'm not going to take anymore of his crap, and he'll learn not to take advantage.

She knew he didn't need to take advantage. Her response was not forced. He meant everything to her.

Prue wanted him to possess her. She wanted him to be like the men he'd described. Prue craved his complete ownership.

Her fantasies were filled with his possession. She yearned, craved, and desired to be his.

Biting her lip she kept her back to him hoping he'd get the message.

****

James stared at the beautiful curves of her ass. Why had he ruined their moment? Veronica and her age had been the last on his mind. He knew what he was doing with her was wrong. When she'd asked to go back to the dungeon his whole body had gone into hyper-drive. He wanted to take her down there and teach her what it meant to be owned by him.

She wasn't wearing his token anymore. Any man could claim her as his.

He didn't like it. Men surrounded her group like moths to a flame. Her entire aura made men move toward her. Unlike her two friends, she held an allure and sexuality that attracted men to her. He'd seen the beauty inside her when she was only eighteen, the sweetness she gave everyone she came into contact with.

You want her. Take her before someone else takes what is yours.

One of the men from the group reached out to touch her hips. Prue smiled and pushed him away. The action was subtle, but he saw it. Prue was on the dance floor to show him she could look after herself. He got the message. She didn't want the men's attention.

Her gaze caught him as one man replaced another.

She needs you.

James made his way onto the dance floor. He pushed the man out of his way and caught her h*ps in his hands. She placed her hands on top of his, ready to push him off, he was sure.

"Before you push me away let me apologise," he said. James whispered against her ear. He only wanted her to hear what he had to say. Her two friends smiled at her and walked away.

"You've sent them away."

"They know I wouldn't let anything happen to you."

"You don't want me, James. I'm tired of showing all the signs."

He'd seen the signs, and being the bastard that he was, he'd given her nothing and taken everything she offered instead.

James held her waist, stroking the delicate flesh hidden beneath the blouse she wore. Her skin was soft. He wanted to peel every layer of clothing away from her body and caress every inch of her. The temptation she provided was more than he could stand. "I've seen the signs, Prudence. And I want you."

"Then why won't you take me?" she said.

He didn't answer.

She looked at him. He saw the yearning in her gaze. His age and something else held him back. James let her go.

"I'm sorry," he said, before leaving her on the dance floor.

Without looking back he made his way to his office. He needed to get away from her before he did something he'd regret.

He pushed past people in his way not interested in the filthy looks they sent him. Jermaine tried to stop him, and he ignored him.

The moment he was in his office, he rubbed his eyes.

"Fucking stupid." He kicked the chair closest to him.

"Why are you fighting it?"

Prudence had followed him.

His office door clicked open then closed behind her. James kept his back to her. The moment he looked at her, he knew he'd be lost.

"I want to, more than anything." He admitted the truth. His heart pounded inside his chest. He felt like he was having a fight between his head and his heart. His heart wanted her and was tired of fighting it, and his head kept telling him to walk away.

She's the one. You want her like a man possessed.

"Then stop fighting." She walked in front of him. Her blue eyes caught him in her gaze. Her dark pupils were dilated. He saw her need. James stared down her body at her hard ni**les. Would her pu**y be as hot as he imagined?

She grabbed his hand pressing his palm down over her heart. Her heart raced against his touch.

"I've always wanted you, James."

He'd known. God help him, he'd known she was eighteen, and he was sure her feelings had never disappeared.

How could he fight this?

There was no one else in the world for him. James didn't want to let her go. She moved his hand down to her left breast. Her full mound filled his palms. She was just the right size for him. Prudence took his other hand and placed his palm between her legs.

"I'm not going anywhere, Sir. I want you and will do anything to be owned by you," she said.

Her words were not lost on him.

He removed his palm from between her thighs to sink his fingers into her hair. James brought her close to him as he thumbed her nipple feeling her tighten against him.

"Do you have any idea what those words mean?" he asked.

"I was listening to you, James. I want that, too, and I think you do as well."

James didn't argue with her. It was true. The possessiveness that swamped him, the aggression he'd displayed-he'd seen it all in his two friends.

"You're so young," he said.

"Who cares? I don't. Age means nothing to me."

James couldn't fight it anymore. The longer they were together, the harder it was to deny himself. He hated other men talking to her, and he'd been the one to put her in this position in the first place. Through his own actions, he'd taken her own job away, giving her no choice but to accept what he gave her.

"I want you, James," she whispered. Her blue eyes darkened with her arousal. The kisses they'd shared over the past few weeks had done nothing except ignite a flame inside them. He sensed it strongly within her as he did himself. James knew he was a fool to have allowed one kiss let alone all the others.

No other woman could tame the monster inside him apart from the woman standing before him.

James slammed his lips against hers. There was nothing nice or subtle about taking her. He needed to rid every memory of the men she'd dated before him. Prudence was all his, and he was going to show her what it really meant to be owned by a dominant man.

"There is no backing out, Prudence. I take you now, and you're mine. No one gets to touch what is mine."

She cupped his cheek. Her fingers stroked his skin. "I've always been yours, James."

Her words unleashed the monster within him. He pushed her back until she was pressed against the wall. In the next moment her blouse was torn from her body. The buttons sprayed around the room. He worked her bra off until her tits spilled out.

A groan escaped him. She was ripe and ready to be f**ked. Her pale mounds were tipped with cherry red ni**les. They were tight and pointing up at him. He dropped his head to one nipple, taking it into his mouth. Prudence cried out. He covered her mouth with his palm, pulling away from her.

"Be quiet. We don't want anyone running in here wondering what I'm doing to you."

Her gaze flashed to the door then down at him. James went to remove his hand. She placed her hand over his not allowing him to let go.

James smiled. "Don't make a sound." He went back to tonguing her nipple. James knew that no one would dare enter his office without his permission. They were both safe inside his four walls. He saw the arousal intensify in her gaze. She was turned on by the possibility of being caught.

He ran his tongue over her skin and glided the tip of his tongue around her other nipple. With his free hand, he fingered the wet bud he'd left.

His c**k pulsed in his pants. The pr**cum leaked out of the tip and into his pants. He knew the first time with Prudence wouldn't be enough.

Leaving her nipple, he moved down to unbutton her jeans and lower the zipper. He slid the metal zipper down before placing his hand over her mound. Her panties didn't hide her arousal. She was soaking wet. Her feminine scent teased the air. She smelt amazing.

James let go of the nipple and dropped down before her. Prudence looked down at him as he eased the denim down her legs. Her mouth was uncovered, and he heard her moaning. The sound filled the air around him like the scent of her pu**y did.

"You're soaking wet for me, baby?" he asked.

"Yes," she said.

"Yes, what?" he asked.

She licked her lips, gazing down at him.

"Yes, Sir."

Chapter Thirteen

Her body was on fire. Prue didn't know what to do. She held onto the wall, stepping out of the jeans. He pushed them aside. In the next moment she heard the rip, and her panties were thrown in the same direction of her jeans. He opened her legs wide. She saw him watching her. His gaze directed at her pu**y.

She bit her lip trying to stem the groan building inside her. James was a dominant man, through and through. He wouldn't want her screaming out instructions at him.

He eased her pu**y lips open.

"Your cl*t is lovely and swollen," he said.

Staring down, she saw his thumb sliding through her slit. The first touch on her cl*t made her jump.

"Relax, baby. I'm not going to hurt you."

Prue closed her eyes trying to gain control.

"Look at me."

She opened her eyes, staring down at him. His thumb touched her nub. James was gentle, and with each stroke she got used to the feel of him against her.

His thumb eased down her slit and pushed into her cunt. Prue opened her legs wider.

"More," she said.

James removed his thumb. "Don't tell me what to do, Prudence. This is not a scene, but you will do as you're told."

"Do you want me to call you 'Sir'?" she asked.

"Yes."

Nodding her head, she bowed her head. "Forgive me, Sir."

He got off the floor and stood in front of her. "Undress me," he said.

Prue didn't have to be asked twice. She pulled the shirt off his body, watching his muscles flex as she did. He looked so damn hot.

"I love your hair like this. I don't want you to change it," he said, stroking her hair as she went to her knees in front of him.

She unbuckled his belt wondering how the leather would feel against the cheeks of her ass. If he did it right she would feel pain along with a whole heap of pleasure as well. She untied the leather pants and pulled them down his legs. James wore black briefs. The ridge that lay off to the side made her stumble.

He was large, thick, and she saw the wet patch of pr**cum.

Prue liked what she saw.

James stepped out of the leather pants. He caught her hand where she was about to peel his briefs off.

"I'll do that."

He pulled her to her feet leading her over to his desk. James lifted her on top of the desk. The paperwork on top was pushed aside. She held onto the edge as he sat down in his chair.

"Lie back."

Prue lay back on the desk waiting for his next instruction. She felt him move her legs into a position on his knees. His hands moved up and down her thighs before going to her pu**y. He eased her slit open, and his fingers began stroking her clit. She felt his digits sliding through her wetness, coating his fingers and her pu**y.

She held onto the edge of the desk. Her whole body was wound tight from his touch. Prue heard the sound of his chair moving and then his tongue licked her clit. She cried out before remembering his warning. Biting down on her lips she tried to contain her own cries of arousal. His fingers teased her cunt as his tongue wrought havoc on her swollen clit. Her ni**les were hard points. The wet tips were getting harder in the cool air around his office. She was so close to her orgasm. The past few weeks had been a nightmare. Her fingers and dildo were no longer satisfying. She rarely reached cl**ax at all. The only time she did, she was always thinking of him.

Prue felt the whole world fade away. They were the only two people in the world. The sound of his tongue turned her on more. She was wet, and he was drinking from her as if she was a goddess.

Three fingers pressed inside her all at once. His teeth bit down on the flesh of her clit. She cried out. All thought of being quiet left her mind as the sensation he was creating was sky-rocketing to the moon inside her.

She sat up on the desk watching his dark hair with grey streaks as he licked her clit. Prue saw his hand f**king her and his tongue licking her clit. The sight and the feelings he created sent her over the edge.

The little amount of control she possessed evaporated as on a tidal wave, her cl**ax spread from inside her, outwards.

Prue rode her orgasm as James continued to suck her cl*t into his mouth. She shuddered, screamed, and thrust up to his fingers, prolonging the exquisite torture.

She collapsed onto the desk, feeling like her whole world had awakened. Prue felt him withdraw. His fingers pulled out of her cunt. She saw him licking the digits, staring at her.

"You're not regretting this, are you?" she asked.

"I wouldn't regret hearing the sound you made."

"Good, because this is real to me, Sir."

He stood up. His briefs were gone from his body. She stared down at his long, hard shaft. The tip was wet with his cum. The vein along the side was blue and throbbing.

"I'm not regretting anything. The moment I take you, Prudence Star, you'll be mine. There will be no backing out. I will own every part of you."

She smiled up at him. His words filled her with hope.

What about Veronica?

Prue cut off all thought of her sister. James and Veronica were not together. Neither of them were doing anything wrong.

"I want to be yours, Sir." He pulled the cross from around his neck and placed it over hers.

"Never take that off."

She touched the silver chain and smiled. When she'd taken it off earlier, she'd mourned the weight of his token around her neck. She loved the thought of other men and Doms knowing who she belonged to. The moment she first met him when she was eighteen, in her mind she'd been his, and now she was going to be his completely.

Five years she'd been in love with him. In the last five years her feelings had only grown for this man.

Prue opened her legs welcoming him into her heart and body at the same time.

****

James stared at his cross between her luscious tits. The silver piece of jewellery looked perfect where it lay. He never wanted her to take it off. The longer she wore it the better he'd feel. He hadn't been lying earlier. The moment he took her, she was going to be his.

He fisted his shaft, watching her cream leak out of her pu**y. She was soaking wet. The moment he touched her, he witnessed her attraction toward him. Her body was attuned to his unlike anyone else.

She was a small woman. He'd felt her pu**y tighten around his fingers when he'd finger f**ked her. He wasn't a small man. James knew he'd need to take his time with her. If he'd had some lubrication to hand he'd apply some to her pu**y and his c**k to ease his passage inside her. Unfortunately, he didn't have any on him. He didn't like the thought of hurting her.

"It might hurt," he said.

Prudence gave him a smile. He saw the emotion in her eyes, the love she felt for him. He'd seen it shining in her eyes many times before. All the other times he'd made some excuse for what he saw. He could no longer deny himself the pleasure of seeing her in love with him.

He knew she was his for the taking.

"I don't mind a little pain."

James ran the tip of his c**k through her slit.

"I'm not on any birth control."

"How long has it been since your last man?" he asked. He clenched his teeth thinking about another man seeing her like this. Prudence was his. No other man would ever see her like this if he had his way.

"A while."

"Longer than a year?" he asked, tormenting himself with her answer.

"Yes."

"Longer than two?"

She nodded her head. Tears were glistening in her eyes. He stroked her cheek with the back of his fingers.

"I think that is wonderful, Prudence."

"Why won't you call me 'Prue'?" she asked.

James chuckled. "Because everyone else calls you 'Prue'. I love being the only one to use your full name. It makes you all mine."

"I could get pregnant if you don't use anything," she said.

"I won't mind if you don't."

He saw her gasp and the way she licked her lips. Prudence looked nervously at him. "I'm not ready for children."

James leaned down, kissing her lips. She would taste her pu**y juice on his lips.

She didn't pull away.

"I'll use protection. I will always protect you." James walked to his leather pants and pulled out the condom he always kept on him. He'd protect Prudence, but he didn't want the latex between them. He wanted to feel her against him, to feel her na**d cunt wrapped tightly around his shaft. He knew he was going to hell.

How could feeling this way about another person be bad?

He didn't know. James wanted her, and denying each other was hurting them.

James gave her the foil packet. "Put it on me."

He watched the way her tits bounced as she sat up. He'd never look at his desk in the same way again. From this day forth, he'd sit at his desk and imagine her na**d and waiting to be f**ked by him.

She tore the foil with her teeth and then squeezed the tip before sliding the latex down his shaft.

Her fingers shook a little as she placed the condom over his dick. He knew in the way she was reacting, she'd not had a lot of experience with protecting herself against men.

He took her hand, kissing her fingers.

"Thank you," he said.

James pressed a hand to her chest, pushing her back onto the desk. His c**k wasn't getting any smaller. For the last month he'd been waiting to get inside her.

He ran the tip of his c**k through her slit.

"I'm going to f**k you, Prudence. I'm going to slide my c**k inside your tight little cunt and claim you as my own."

"Yes, I want that."

He eased the mushroomed tip of his c**k between her lips, feeling her pu**y tighten around the head.

"Relax and let me in, baby."

She relaxed underneath him. Her body was becoming compliant against his cock.

Once the head was inside, he caught her hands with his own, holding her.

He looked down to where they were joined. His latex-covered c**k was just inside her tight little pu**y, and the visual was completely erotic to him.

"You look so beautiful taking my cock."

She whimpered, staring up at him.

He held on tight to her hands and then slammed his whole length inside her wet cunt. She cried out. The sound of her screams grew louder. James closed his eyes feeling the utter rapture of her pu**y. She was tight and squeezed him tighter than his own fist. He gazed down to where they were joined. He couldn't see anything but her pu**y lips and his pelvis pressed together. She'd taken him all the way inside.

"How are you?" he asked.

"Full, Sir."

His title coming from her lips made his c**k jump inside her. She gasped.

"Say it again," he said.

"Sir."

"Who do you belong to?"

"You."

Her words came without hesitation. James knew from this day forth, Prudence Star was his woman. She was his possession, and he would make sure that he owned every inch of her body. All of her cries of passion would be his. No one else would see the beauty she possessed.

"You are mine!" He pulled out of her body and slammed inside, taking great pleasure in hearing her scream.

"I'm yours, Sir."

He slammed inside her, feeling her pu**y tighten around him with each of his thrusts. Her tits bounced as he f**ked her on his desk. Her fingers held onto his hands as he rode her body. It wasn't enough. He didn't feel like he could get deep enough inside her.

James let her hands go and grabbed her hips. He moved her legs up the length of his body as he slammed inside her pu**y, using his strength on her h*ps to pull her against him. She placed her hands on the edge of the desk letting him take control of her body. Prudence bit her lip as he thrust home claiming the woman beneath him as his. He'd never felt anything as primal as he did in that moment. The woman on his desk was the woman meant for him.

Nothing mattered to him, not her age or her sister. Prudence was his woman, and he'd spend the rest of his life proving to her how much he loved her.

He knew he couldn't fight it anymore. He loved her and had from the first moment he met her. She was a beautiful woman. A woman he should never have.

"You are mine," he said, again.

"Always, Sir. I've always been yours."

And he knew it was true.

He thrust inside her and exploded into the condom. His orgasm came out of nowhere and went on and on. James stared into his woman's eyes and knew he'd finally found the one who was supposed to be his.

His se**n was spent inside the condom. He wished he hadn't worn the protection. She was all his, and no matter what happened, he'd make sure she was protected.

James caressed her stomach, wondering how she'd look swollen with his child. She'd look stunning; he knew that.

"No regrets," she said.

He shook his head. "No regrets."

Chapter Fourteen

She'd almost screamed out her love for him. Prue wanted him to know how she felt, but it was too soon. They'd only been together once, and she was nervous. He eased off her body, pulling away. She made to follow him, and he stopped her with a hand to her shoulder.

"Wait here," he said.

He grabbed his leather pants from the floor and put his shirt back on. She watched him walk out of his office and saw the way he made sure she was protected.

Without him in the room, she felt exposed. Her own arousal trickled out of her pu**y.

Seconds later he came back with a cloth and bowl of warm water. He set the bowl on his chair. "Where did you get that?" she asked.

"I asked Jermaine for it and told him you wouldn't be working behind the bar anymore."

She frowned. "Where will I be?"

"In this office with me. You can do whatever you like, Prudence. You're not working in the bar, and I want you close to me at all times."

Prue was touched by his words but a little upset. She didn't want him to think she was after his money. "I can work, James. I don't mind."

"When we're alone I want you to still call me 'Sir'."

She smiled.

"I know you're not after my money, Prudence. Do you remember what I talked about at the restaurant?"

Prue nodded her head. She watched him wring out a cloth and then press the warm towel between her thighs. A wince escaped her before she could contain it.

"I was too rough with you," he said.

"No, you weren't. I liked what you did."

The warmth helped with the soreness created from his cock. He was larger than any other man she'd been with. His c**k had touched parts inside her she hadn't known were there. James had ruined her only dildo. She'd never be able to use that small c**k remembering the way he felt.

"I can pay my own way," she said, trying to steer the conversation back to what they were discussing.

"I know you can. You don't need to. You're mine now, Prudence. Don't argue."

She closed her mouth. Her arguments died on her tongue. "So this is what it feels like to be owned by an owner?"

"This is nothing."

"Will you be taking me to Possession?"

"I think you should meet the other women and my friends."

Prue nodded her head and watched him clean her pu**y. When he was done, he made her sit on the desk as he got her clothing. Her panties were no good. James looked at her jeans and shook his head. The blouse and bra were tossed away in his trash bin.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

He grabbed his coat from the hook he'd placed it on. "I don't like those jeans, and you're not wearing them anymore."

"I can't leave your office naked."

"No other man is going to see you naked, Prudence." He came back with his coat, kissing her head.

"What are we going to tell my sister?" she asked.

"I can talk to her if you want?"

She shook her head. "I should be the one to tell her. I think she's going to hate me."

He caught her face between his hands, forcing her to look up at him. "She's not going to hate you. Veronica did not love me and never did. I know this. She should be happy for you."

James wrapped the coat around her. He picked her up off the desk with a hand around her waist, settling her on her feet when she was on the floor.

He tied the belt at the front covering her up.

She'd been wearing a pair of heeled shoes, which she'd kicked off the moment she entered the room.

James kissed her lips, teasing them open to swipe his tongue inside her mouth.

"I can't think when you do that."

"That is the idea," he said, chuckling.

"Are you done with me?" she asked. "Are you sending me home?"

"Nope. I'm not done with you."

She smiled. He cupped her cheek, pressing his forehead against hers.

"I never knew this could feel so amazing," he said.

"I know." She cupped his cheek, kissing his lips. Prue couldn't believe she was free to touch him. He'd only been like this in her dreams. He caught her hand pressing her palm to his chest.

"Only for you," he said.

She knew what he was trying to say. A smile broke across her lips.

"Will you come with me?" he asked.

"Where do you want me to go?" She'd go to the ends of the earth for him.

"Home."

Prue frowned, staring up at him. She was caught by how tall he was. Without her heels he towered over her.

"I thought this was your home."

"It just goes to show I can surprise you."

He took her hand and led the way out of the office. Her friends were waiting for her at the bar. Anya looked worried while Becky was chatting to Jermaine. From the glazed look in Becky's eye, Prue knew her friend was seeing more to Jermaine than simply a barman.

Anya stood up when she saw her. "I wondered what had happened to you." She glared at James over her shoulder. He squeezed her waist. She knew he wasn't going anywhere while she talked to her friend.

"Nothing happened to me. I'm going out with James. I'll call you as soon as I can." She pulled away from James and hugged Anya and then Becky. "I'll be fine. He won't do anything to hurt me. I'm safe with him."

Her two friends glared at James. Their glares did not bother him. She saw his gaze was focused on her. Prue became conscious of her na**d state under his coat.

"I'll see you soon."

Anya grabbed her hand before she got chance to leave. "You can't be serious. He's the one responsible for losing your job."

Prue smiled, trying to reassure her friend. James took her hand in his pulling her back against him. "I was taking care of her. Prudence is mine to care about."

He moved away from her friends. She chuckled, blowing them a kiss. Prue couldn't help it. She loved how possessive he was of her. It was turning her on the way he looked at her. His hand tightened on hers as he led her out of the bar. The line trying to get into Ravage was down the street. "Your place is very busy."

"They're trying to get into the dungeon. BDSM is becoming popular for some reason."

Prue chuckled. She knew the reason why but kept her opinions to herself. The taxi he'd used the other night was waiting by the curb. "Why haven't you employed this man to be your personal driver?" she asked.

"I've been meaning to ask him. A black and red haired minx has been keeping my thoughts preoccupied."

She flicked her hair over her shoulder. "What can I say? I'm memorable."

****

"Where are we going?" she asked. "Your house is not very clear."

James tapped her knee staring out of the window. "It is a surprise." They wouldn't be disturbed at his house. The press no longer lingered around his home. He's helped her into the taxi, nodding his head at the driver. When he'd been getting the bowl of hot water for Prudence, he'd phoned the firm to bring his usual driver. Before he left the taxi, he'd offer the guy the job to be his personal driver.

The scenery was going by slowly. He caressed her na**d knee, knowing she had nothing to hinder his touch. The driver was discreet and constantly stared out of the front window as he drove.

Prudence placed her hand on top of his. He stared at her face.

She shook her head. "Please, not here." She mouthed the words to him. Her face was flushed. James wanted to push her but decided against it. He never wanted to push her out of her comfort zone.

Keeping his hand on her knee, he stared at the driver.

"What's your name, son?" he asked the driver.

"Arthur, Sir."

"I've been wondering how you'd feel to having the full-time position of being my driver. I'll pay you well with plenty of benefits. You'll want for nothing."

"I'll think about it, Sir."

"You do that."

He sat back watching the streets go by. James hadn't been back to his home since the night the news had broken about Ravage and Possession. The streets felt foreign to him. His parents never suffered with this. They'd always been able to maintain their secrets.

His grip tightened on her knee. She took his hand in hers, stroking his hand.

He smiled. She was offering him so much comfort without even realising it.

"Thank you," he said.

"Always."

James leaned across the car and kissed her cheek. She was all his, and he couldn't believe he could touch her freely.

The taxi pulled up outside of his house. James got out, paid the man, and gave him the details for the position. "If you want the job then give me a call."

He helped Prudence out of the car and watched the taxi drive away.

"That was kind of you."

"He's a good worker and never asks questions."

She shivered, moving closer to him. "Winter is biting a little too much this year."

The ground was covered in layer of ice and snow.

"Come on." He walked to the security panel and typed in the password.

"You're seriously loaded, aren't you?" she asked.

He laughed. She didn't sound greedy when she made the comment. Prudence sounded upset.

"It is family money. My parents had this and their parents before them."

"They wouldn't have liked me," she said.

He took her hand and walked through the gates. James waited for the gates to close before they began the walk down to the main house.

"They'd have loved you. They were wealthy people but knew how the world worked. My parents would have loved you because you made me happy."

"I don't think my parents are going to be quite so forgiving. You are my sister's ex."

"I think you're worrying a little too much."

Together, they walked down the tarmac path. The sound of her shoes clicking on the floor was the only sound to be heard in the dark night air.

She winced, and James caught her up in his arms.

"Put me down. I'm heavy, James. I don't want you to hurt yourself."

"What did I tell you about using my title?" James asked.

"I'm sorry, Sir."

"You will be. I think we should teach you a lesson."

"Really?" she asked, sounding curious rather than afraid.

"Yes, I think you'd look lovely with your ass in the air across my spanking bench."

"You have your own room for punishment?"

"I have an entire room for a playroom, Prudence. This is my house, and I added what I wanted to make it mine."

He carried her down the last part of the drive. The trees obscured the moon, but he knew where he was going.

"Is this the first time you've been to your house since the press accosted you that night?" she asked.

James nodded recalling the press outside his home. "Up until that night I kept the gates open. I never feared anyone coming here. No one invaded my home with the intention of digging up my life."

"The gates were closed and locked."

"I know. I made sure to have the security added, and the gates will remain closed for the rest of my life or until my son or daughter inherits this place."

She was silent in his arms. He liked having her in his arms. Her arms were holding on tightly to him. Her feminine scent surrounded him, calming his nerves.

"I'm sorry you feel this way."

"Stephen and I should have known something was going to happen. We got the warning signs but did nothing to stop it."

"It doesn't matter, Sir. Your life was invaded either way. I'd never know what to do."

He saw the house was in total darkness. Prudence turned her head to look at what he was staring at.

"Wow, that is not a house."

"It is a house. It is my house."

James walked up the steps and placed her on her feet. He kept one of her hands inside his as he grabbed the key from under the pot.

"You keep your spare key under the pot? You're not afraid of break-ins?" she asked.

"I've never concerned myself with it before." He pressed the key into the lock and turned the key. The sound of the door opening filled the air. James walked in and flicked the switch on the light. The room was illuminated in soft light.

"Okay, the outside does not do this place justice," she said.

"Would you like a tour?" he asked, wanting to impress her.

She turned to him, unbuckling the belt at the front of that coat. "Actually, I'd love for you to take me to your playroom, Sir."

The coat fell to the floor, forgotten.

He stared at her body. Her full tits with her rounded cherry ni**les pointed up at him. His gaze drifted down to her full curves and rounded stomach. He'd never liked thin women, and her fullness reawakened his arousal.

Licking his lips, he stared down her body. There was no gap between her thighs. They were thick and tempting him. James knew how they felt wrapped around his waist.

He'd had one taste, and that one taste wasn't enough.

James pulled her into his arms. "What did I do to deserve you?" he asked.

She smiled. "You waited for me."

He grabbed a fistful of hair, pulling her down to his lips. She wrapped her legs around his waist as he carried her up to his playroom. He kept it on the third floor next to his room.

James stopped every few steps to kiss her and press his c**k to her core.

She cried out with each thrust of his hips. Her fingers tightened in his hair.

Chapter Fifteen

Prue held onto him as he took her up another flight of stairs. She had no choice but to hold on. Her heart was racing with each step. She'd never been into a personal playroom before. James would be her first real Dom. Her experimenting had never got so far. The silver cross dangled between her br**sts.

He stopped at a door on the top floor. James pressed her against the wall. She wondered how his arms were doing carrying her weight.

"Before we go into this room, Prudence, I have to ask you something," he said.

She loved the way he said her full name. The explanation he'd given her won her over all the time. Her full name felt like his now. Her parents didn't call her Prudence.

"What do you need to ask me?"

"Will you be my submissive?"

His cross dangled around her neck. "I thought I was."

"I need to hear you say the words."

"Sir, James, I will be your anything."

"I will claim you at Ravage in front of the rest of the Doms, but your word is more than enough for now."

He opened the door, covering her eyes with his hands. "I want you to keep them closed until I tell you."

"Yes, Sir."

She felt him move away. There was the sound of a light switch being turned on. James held her hands and pulled her in closer.

"Okay, open your eyes."

The light brightened the room but didn't glare at her. She stared around the room seeing what she'd read about in the books. There was a bed at the far end of the room covered in silk sheets. She walked over to the bed. The bed looked less frightening. She touched the sheets feeling the silk against her finger tips.

"It is soft."

James followed behind her. She felt his presence at her back. He wasn't speaking, only watching her as she took in his personal space.

The bed had four wooden posts at each corner. She saw the silk ties wrapped around each post. "This is for you to bind your woman to the bed?"

"Yes, or for you to bind me to the bed if you wished."

She shook her head. "No, I wouldn't want to do that." Prue opened the cuff and wrapped the silk around her own hand.

"Let me." James took the silk and tied it around her wrist. "This way I can choose how tight or loose you get it."

Prue tested the strength of his knot by pulling on the grip he held of the silk. The knot stayed firmly in place as she tugged at the silk. There was no give at her wrist.

James released her hand.

"It doesn't hurt."

"That one didn't. There are other ropes and bonds that are designed to hurt to a point."

She nodded her head, moving away from the bed.

"You haven't seen everything," he said.

"What do you mean?"

"Lie down."

Prue did as he instructed, lying on her back. She saw what he meant. A mirror was on the ceiling as she saw her na**d reflection staring back at her.

"I like to watch everything."

"I see."

He stared down at her.

She turned to look at him.

"Are you afraid yet?"

Prue stared at him before answering. "Why should I be afraid?"

"I know you've never been with a proper Dom."

"How do you know that?" He knelt down on the floor. His hand covered her neck and the pulse in her throat.

"I know this because no real Dom would ever let you go. You're perfect." James leaned over, dropping a kiss to her lips.

She smiled at him. "I like your answer. No, I'm not afraid. I know you'd never hurt me. The moment I said the word, 'roses', you'd back off. You're a good Dom."

"And how do you know this?"

"You wouldn't still be in business at Ravage if you weren't good."

"I like your answer."

Prue pressed against his hand and moved off the bed. James was still dressed in his leather pants and shirt. She brushed past him to go and look at other pieces of equipment.

"Is this a cage?" she asked.

"Yes, I used to have one in my office until the press broke in and started taking pictures."

She crossed her legs as a wave of arousal swept over her. James moved behind her, pressing a hand between her legs. "Do you like the thought of being caged up?"

Prue nodded her head. All of her words had left her at the thought of being caged in his office, unable to move or do anything without him.

"I could have it in my office again with you inside. How would you feel at being trapped inside one waiting for me to let you out?" he asked.

"I would like that."

Should she like that? Being owned to the point that James controlled every part of her?

"I'll think about it."

She waited for her control to be back in place and for James to move his hand from between her thighs. He dipped a finger between her slit, coating the digit with her cream. She heard him sucking her into his mouth as she moved onto something that looked like a swing. The chains of the swing were hooked into the ceiling.

"Is this safe?" she asked.

"Everything in this room is safe. I would never put you in any danger."

"What is it?"

"A swing."

Prue stared at the equipment. What else could she call it other than equipment? A toy maybe?

"How does it work?" Her curiosity had been piqued.

"I'll show you some other time. Take a look at something else."

"Why don't you want to show me now?" she asked.

"The moment you get inside the swing and feel what it can do for you, you won't want to move on."

She smiled, more curious than ever before. Raising an eyebrow at him, James shook his head and pointed for her to move on.

"You have a lot of trunks in this room."

"Open them up and take a look."

Prue flicked the lid on the first. They were neatly organised by length, width, and size. "These are dildos?"

"They're anal plugs." He reached in and pointed at the smallest one. "This is the starter. It is small and not too wide. It will help to ease the anus open. When a woman can take this without any discomfort she can move up."

"Do all women have to start small?" she asked.

"No. Some women can take a c**k straight away without any pain. Others can go for a bigger plug while others can't. Every woman is different. Have you ever had a c**k in your ass, Prudence?"

Her cheeks filled with blood as embarrassment flooded her. "I've never had a full cock. A finger and a dildo are all."

"Why are you embarrassed? I want you to be honest with me."

"Just because you want me to be honest, doesn't mean I'm not a little worried about it. I'm use to everyone keeping their feelings to themselves. We've just had sex, and I'm nervous you're going to run at the first opportunity." She slapped her hand over her lips, cursing her own words.

James removed her hand away.

"I'm not going anywhere, Prudence. You're my woman."

She nodded.

"When we go to Possession, you'll know what I mean."

Prue didn't argue with him. She closed the trunk and opened the one next to it. "These are vaginal dildos, right?"

"Yes."

She opened several more trunks and found plenty of nipple clamps, lubrication, and condoms. Another case held a variety of ropes.

"I love to bind my woman. I'd love to see the rope against your skin."

Nodding her head, she closed the case.

Moving over to the wall opposite the bed she found the flogging cross. She touched the leather straps at each point before moving onto the canes, paddles, and floggers she saw hanging up in order of length and size on the wall. "You're very neat."

"I like to have neatness in this space. I think cleanliness is essential in this world."

She understood him. If there was an accident and a cane drew blood, clean toys and equipment would limit or prevent any chance of infection. "This is your whole life, isn't it?"

"Being a Dom is not a time for me to play. This is who I am, Prudence. I don't play around. As my woman I will want you to take this seriously as well." He was stroking a paddle as he spoke.

Unable to say anything, she moved toward the spanking bench. The bench reminded her of something she'd seen in her gymnastics class when she was younger. She ran her hand over the bench.

"Yes, it is safe, before you ask."

Prue chuckled. "I wasn't going to ask. I trusted you the first time you told me."

"Good."

"So, I believe you want to punish me, Sir. Is this how you want to punish me?" she asked, turning towards him and leaning on her hands. Her tits were thrust up in offering. She saw his gaze followed the line down her body.

"As tempting as it would be to see you over my bench, I've got something else in mind."

He moved in close to her, pressing his pelvis against her own. She gasped feeling the heat of his c**k against her na**d stomach. Even through his leather pants, she felt the heat of him like a scolding brand, a brand she would be more than proud to wear.

James dropped his head taking a nipple into his mouth. If his hands hadn't been around her body, she'd have fallen in heap on the floor.

"What do you do to me?" she asked when he pulled off her breast.

"Show you how exquisite your submission could be."

"How do you want to punish me?" Her mouth was bone dry. Finding the right words was a struggle for her.

"Do you trust me?" he asked.

"Always."

She knew he'd never hurt her, and if he pushed her farther than she wanted to go, she had her safe word.

****

James couldn't have asked for a better response for her. He'd been worried that she would disappear because of what she liked. His own passions were not the easiest for many women to accept. He loved to push his woman and to show them how wonderful being his submissive could be.

Prue was the only woman for him. There would be no other submissive or training of other women for him. Any classes he gave would be with Prue. She was his one and only. He knew that more than he knew his own name.

He took her hand in his and led her over to his bed. Prudence went without resistance. James helped her onto the centre of the bed. Her pale na**d body contrasted with the black silk sheets. The red shade of her hair stood out from the two different shades of black around her. He stood back looking down at her.

"What's the matter?" she asked. Her hands were by her side. She made no move to cover herself.

"You look gorgeous. Would you mind if I took a picture?"

She covered her body. "I'm not ready for pictures."

Nodding his head, he leaned down on the bed to kiss her.

"All right, I can wait for you." He'd waited all of his adult life for her, so a few extra years were nothing to him.

"Roll onto your stomach," he said, helping her turn over. "I want you to stretch out your arms and legs." She followed his instructions, stretching her arms and legs out to the four wooden posts. James started at the top left side.

He took her wrist in his hand and tied a sash around her wrist, tight. After walking around to do her other wrist in the same fashion, he settled at the base of the bed. Her legs were splayed. He saw the puckered hole of her ass peeking at him. The cheeks of her ass were full and round.

Taking one of her ankles, he opened her legs wider and wrapped the silk tie around her ankle. There was not as much give in her legs as there was with her wrists. He didn't want her to move. Her arms he'd be able to hold down whereas her legs would be difficult.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"I'm more than okay," she said. Her voice came out in breathy gasps. He chuckled. His woman liked being tied up. James moved to her other ankle giving her the same kind of treatment. Once he was done, he grabbed one of his blindfolds and covered her eyes.

She let out a moan as he tied the folds at the back.

"Can you see?" he asked.

"No, I can't."

James grabbed a fistful of her hair pulling her head back for him to kiss her lips. He plunged his tongue inside her, taking her mouth in a searing kiss.

"You're mine," he said, kissing her lips once again.

He reached down to cup one of her plump breast. Her nipple pressed against his palm.

"I bet if I put my hand between your thighs I will find you soaking wet."

Her cheeks were flushed with arousal.

James ran his hand down her back feeling her shiver from his touch. He kept his palm on her ass as he ravished her lips.

Caressing the cheeks, he ran a finger down the seam of her ass feeling her tighten her ass against his invasion. "I will have that ass, Prudence."

She nodded her head, kissing him back.

He didn't probe her channel; he only fingered her seam running down to her pu**y. James knew he was right. She was dripping wet.

Her moan echoed around the room.

He released her pu**y and slapped her ass.

She cried out. Her body jolted on the restraints around her waist and ankles.

"Did you like that?" he asked.

Prudence nodded her head. The action was slight but unmistakable to him.

Whack.

Whack.

James rained down blows on her ass. The palm of his hand was making a lovely red hand print on her pale cheeks.

Her cries continued, and so did her protests. James paused feeling her pushing her ass against his palm even as her cries of "no" filled the air.

"Do you want me to stop?"

They hadn't talked about her hard limits.

"No, I don't want you to stop, Sir. I love your hand on my ass. Please, punish me, Sir."

He caressed the red marks he'd made. They were already beginning to fade. He wasn't being rough with her at all.

"Don't tell me what to do," he said.

James climbed off the bed and fetched one of his favourite canes. It wasn't the one made out of wood. She wasn't ready for high levels of pain.

This was a small leather one. He could control the strength of the hits.

"Say your safe word if it is too much."

"I will."

"Good."

He pushed her up onto her knees which spread her arms out wide. Her ass was up in the air. The pink of her slit was on display for him to see.

Running the cane over the flesh of her ass, he teased her cl*t rubbing the tip through her creamy slit. She moaned, thrusting onto the cane. James climbed behind her on the bed, slapping her ass.

"Stay ... still," he said, between each blow of his hand on her ass. He kept the cane between her legs watching as she tried to remain still even as he rubbed the tip to her clit.

"I need to come."

Smack. He added another blow to her ass at her words.

His c**k was thick in his leather pants. He climbed off the bed and removed his restrictive clothing. She'd turned her head toward him on the bed, her eyes covered by the blindfold. She looked so sexy with the trust she was showing him.

"What are you doing, Sir?" she asked.

"I'm undressing. You have my c**k thick inside my pants."

She smiled, the lift of her lips lighting up her whole face.

"Really?"

James finished removing his clothing until he was na**d like Prudence before going to the bed. He stroked her head before brushing her lips with his own. "You have no idea the effect you have on me."

He kissed her lips taking her moan within his mouth.

"I'm rock hard for you, baby."

She whimpered as he ran his hands over her body feeling her muscles relax against his touch. James touched every inch of her body, recording her to mind. He didn't know how long he was going to last. Her body was as addictive as her sweet pu**y.

Chapter Sixteen

Her ass was burning, but she wanted more. His punishment wasn't enough. Prue needed his hand on her ass. She wanted his marks, the true signs of his passion and ownership.

His hands were rubbing down her body. She felt like purring. The smallest touch of his hands was sending her body into overdrive. Her pu**y was on fire for his touch.

"Please." She begged him hoping he'd punish her.

The cane he used made her cl*t pulse with fresh arousal. She'd seen his equipment while looking around. The small round cane would cause pain but not mark.

"What do you want?" he asked. The tips of his fingers were teasing her pu**y. The small touches were not hard enough to make her come. His teasing was driving her insane.

"You," she said.

The wrong words would make him punish her instead of giving her what she wanted.

He slapped her ass making her tense and cry out. James had used the cane.

The pain pulsed along the cheeks of her ass. The pain went straight to her cl*t and made her moan.

"You're testing me, Prudence. Tell me what you want."

"I want you to f**k me. I want your c**k deep inside my pu**y."

He chuckled, rubbing the strip where he'd used the cane on her ass. Then he moved his hand up drawing over the interlocking rose tattoo on the base of her back, to the tattoo she'd gotten when she was twenty-one.

"When did you get this?" he asked.

"On my twenty-first birthday."

"Why do you love roses?"

"They are pretty and have thorns so people know not to mess with them. If people treat them wrong then they are bound to get hurt."

They didn't speak for a moment. James spent the time copying over her design. "I love this design. It suits you."

"I didn't want any colour. I think the black was perfect."

Her pu**y was dripping her cream down her thighs. The blindfold stopped her from seeing anything.

"So beautiful."

There was movement behind her. She tried to listen out for certain noises.

She screamed as he plunged his tongue inside her cunt. His fingers teased her cl*t as his tongue plunged into her pu**y. He pulled out and pressed in. The movement was rapid and gave her no time to catch her breath. She fisted the blankets underneath her. It was too much.

Prue cried out as her cl**ax washed through her. She pushed back onto his face feeling him licking her to fulfilment. She'd never had a man tongue-fuck her from behind before.

Her head was dizzy from the amount of pleasure he was giving her. There was no stopping from one pleasure to the next. Before she'd come down from her release, he slammed inside her pu**y. The hard length of his c**k pressed inside her.

She felt every inch of him pulse. Her walls tightened around his length as he remained still inside her.

"You're so f**king tight."

Prue cried out as he slapped her ass. The sensation of the pain and the hunger inside her made her tighten around him.

He cursed and slapped her again. She pressed back to him wanting him to ride her hard.

His hands grabbed onto her h*ps and pulled her back. James kept her in place as he pulled out of her pu**y. She felt his shaft grazing the walls of her cunt.

Biting on her lip she tried to distract herself from thrusting back onto his cock.

The tip of his c**k was the only part of him inside her.

"Please, please, please," she said, over and over, begging him to f**k her.

Only when he was ready did he plunge inside her. The action slammed him deep up to the hilt. The length of him inside her put her on the verge of pain.

They screamed together, and their moans mingled in the air.

James was relentless in his assault on her senses. His hands reached up to finger her ni**les. The tightness went down to her clit, swelling him up further inside her. She didn't know what to do but to hold on.

"I want to look at you."

James pulled out of her body then flipped her onto her back. The blindfold was removed. She blinked up at him as he slammed back inside her. They both cried out. Prue tried to wrap her arms around him. Her hands wouldn't budge.

They both cried out in frustration. James pulled on the ties, but they refused to budge. He left her once again to grab some scissors from a draw near the bed. He cut the two bits of silk around her arms and then near her feet.

He fell on the bed, and she dived on him. They wrestled together, fighting to get closer. James pulled her onto his lap, thrusting his c**k deep inside her pu**y. She wrapped her arms around his neck as they stared into each other eyes.

His eyes were almost black, and he tugged on the strands of her hair. She moaned, looking into his eyes.

"You're mine."

She nodded unable to voice the words. He kept saying them to her. She saw the possessive way he was looking at her.

"Say it," he said.

"What?" she asked.

"That James Castleden owns you. You're my woman, my sub."

"I'm yours, James. You own me, heart, mind, body, and soul. I'm all yours."

He plunged inside her body as his tongue plunged inside her mouth. She'd just told him how she felt. Prue knew she hadn't said the words, but they were there between them.

His hands left her hair to grab her ass. James took control of their thrusts and pulled her down onto his shaft.

From this angle he went deeper hitting her cervix. The pleasure increased inside her body. Her ni**les tightened to unbearable points. Her second orgasm was building inside her, pushing her to the edge.

"I'm going to come," she said.

"Yes, come all over my cock."

James sucked her ni**les into his mouth, biting down on the tips.

She went over the edge into oblivion.

Her pu**y tightened around his c**k f**king her. His thrusts increased.

Prue felt him plunge inside her and then the kick as his orgasm overcame him. She felt his se**n spurting inside her with each wave of pleasure. Holding onto him, she pressed her face against his neck.

Her body shook from the intense pleasure they'd experienced.

James held her close. His arms were tight around her. She felt protected and safe.

Licking her lips, she turned to look at him.

"You're amazing," he said. He pushed her hair out of her face. "What's the matter?" he asked when she didn't answer.

"You didn't use a condom."

****

James felt her words like a kick to the stomach. He'd not considered wearing a condom. She looked scared. He pushed her hair off her face looking into her eyes. The blue had dimmed as reality set in.

"I could get pregnant," she said.

"Could, not will, Prudence."

She shook her head. "I'm not ready to be a mother."

His c**k pulsed inside her as a fresh wave of arousal hit him at the thought of getting her pregnant. The primal satisfaction that swept through him for having his se**n inside her shocked him. He'd never thought ha**ng s*x without protection would leave him feeling so alive.

"I don't want you to feel trapped," she said, covering her face with her hands.

James chuckled, removing her hands from her face. Tears were glistening in her eyes.

"I'm the one who forgot. You told me you weren't protected. This is my fault."

"I don't want you to feel responsible for me."

He knew he should tell her how he felt. She needed to talk to her sister first. He knew Veronica was hanging over their heads like a cancer. When she realised they were free to love and to feel, he'd show her how much he loved her. This possessive feeling inside him could no longer be denied.

Prudence was his.

"You're never going to be a responsibility to me. I'm yours, Prudence. Heart, mind, body, and soul."

She smiled even as she dropped her head to his shoulder.

He picked her up in his arms, moving her out of his playroom and into his room. She wrapped her legs around his waist. His c**k thickened inside her. James cursed his wayward body.

Prudence held onto him as he laid her down on his bed. He pulled out of her and gazed down at her pu**y. His white seed was leaking out of her cunt and over the fine hairs of her pu**y. She looked red and swollen.

He went through to his bathroom. James grabbed a fresh towel and filled the sink with warm water. His reflection in the mirror above the sink caught his attention.

Staring at his reflection, he saw his feelings clear on his face. His whole world was filled with Prudence. He needed to stop doing this. Twice he'd made love to her, and twice he'd needed to clean her.

Shaking his head, He wrung out the towel and moved to her.

She lay on the bed waiting for him. "I can wash myself," she said.

"I like taking care of you."

Pressing the towel between her thighs, he took her hand in his.

"Everything is going to be okay," he said.

She nodded her head, looking past his shoulder.

Once he'd cleaned her, he tucked her into the bed. She'd fallen asleep as he'd been taking care of her. She looked younger in her sleep.

"I love you, Prudence. Nothing is going to happen to you. I meant what I said. You're mine." He spoke to her hoping some of his words would sink in even as she slept.

James walked back to his bathroom and took a quick shower. When he was done, he left his bedroom with a towel wrapped around his waist. He made his way down to his office. It had been over a year since he'd been here before. His laptop was in the safe where he'd placed it the day after the press had gone knocking at his door. The books were well dusted. The staff he'd employed had done a fantastic job of taking care of his house.

He left the office to walk to the kitchen. In the fridge were a couple of cartoons of fresh orange juice but no food.

Tomorrow he and Prudence would take a trip to the supermarket. He liked the thought of going shopping with her. Shaking his head at his thoughts, he grabbed a carton and walked back to his office. He typed in the twelve digit number into the safe. It was the same number as his access code into Possession.

He saw behind his desk, firing up the laptop.

When his laptop was loaded up, he picked up his phone and dialled Possession's number.

Stephen answered sounding harassed.

"Hello," Stephen said.

"It's me."

"James, what's the matter?" his friend asked.

"Are you all there?"

"Yes, and Dane is here as well."

James hesitated. He didn't like Dane one bit. His gut was telling him the guy was bad news.

"Could you put the speakerphone on?"

He waited as the phone went back into his cradle and the sound of his friends came over the line.

"Hello, James. What are you doing?" Cadeon asked.

Tate and Kevin acknowledged him. Dane remained silent even as Lucas and Sean said hello. He was pleased. With the way he was feeling he'd call the guys in charge of Dane's release.

"I found the one," James said.

Silence met his words. He waited for them to respond to him.

"Who is she?" Stephen asked.

"Prudence Star," Tate said, before James got chance to answer. "He asked for a full background check on her. A hottie as well from the pictures I've seen."

James growled over the line. "She's my woman, Tate. Don't start."

"And he'd already showing the possessive side. I like this," Cadeon said. "He can finally know what it's like to be cursed like this."

"How is Violet?" James asked.

"Pregnant and scared."

James thought about what he'd done. Prudence and pregnancy did not scare him. He was excited about the thought of being a father.

"I want you to meet her, and I want her to meet Violet and Ursula."

"Ursula would love someone else to talk to. Violet is a little shy for her tastes," Stephen said with a laugh to his voice.

He smiled thinking about Ursula and Prudence together. "I'll bring her over in a couple of days. I want to make her comfortable soon."

"Which is code for, I'm keeping her to myself for as long as possible," Cadeon said.

James didn't argue. It was going to be tough taking her into Ravage. At least he'd have her in the office with him at all times.

James knew he'd go insane thinking of all the men touching her at the bar. No, she wasn't working in his bar anymore.

He'd find something for her to do.

"Can I have a word in private?" Stephen said to the room. James heard him talking to the room.

The door closed, and they were alone. The phone was picked up once again.

"We need to meet somewhere to talk," Stephen said.

"I can come to Possession."

"No, it is not safe here."

"Then Ravage."

"No."

James frowned. "Then you can come to my home."

"Okay, I'll phone you in a few days' time to arrange a meeting."

"What is going on, Stephen?"

"I don't want to talk about it now. I'm not completely sure I'm right. I need all the facts before I talk to you."

"Is everything okay?" James asked, concerned for his friend.

"It will be when I know all the facts. I look forward to meeting your woman."

James nodded, and then the call ended.

He stared at the phone confused by the conversation he'd just had.

Glancing through his emails, he looked for something to occupy him. Sleep had been hard to come by for the last few months.

She's all alone in your bed. Prudence needs you.

James shut down his laptop and placed it back in the safe before making his way back up the stairs to watch Prudence sleep.

He put a chair beside the bed, watching her for several minutes. When watching wasn't enough, he threw his towel across the room and climbed in behind her. He pulled her into his arms and settled down, staring at the ceiling.

There was no mirror above his bed in this room. James made a quick note to get one installed. He wanted to be able to see her as she slept in his arms.

The hours passed, and before he knew it, James fell to sleep with Prudence in his arms.

Chapter Seventeen

Three days later

The past three days had been pure heaven. James never left her alone. He called her all the time when she went home. He'd been trying to convince her to stay at his place permanently. She wasn't ready to give up her house. Anya and Becky kept calling him the weirdo boyfriend. They didn't understand how much she loved his attention. The constant texts he sent and the phone calls made her feel loved and cared for. With each phone call she remembered him talking about possession and ownership. She loved the thought of being his.

She fingered the silver cross necklace around her neck. He'd demanded she wear it every day. Every time she walked into Ravage he'd pull the chain out of her shirt letting the cross dangle between her br**sts.

The love she felt for him was growing every day. The way he made love to her every day, sometimes with a condom and others without, made her yearn for his touch. James reached for her whenever he could. She lost count of the number of times he'd reached for her at his office. She imagined there was a print of her ass on the top of his desk. In the middle of the night, he'd find her core and sink inside her. She'd wake in the morning with his c**k still inside her pu**y.

She closed her eyes thinking of that very morning. He was picking her up later today to take her to Possession. Before then, she wanted to go and visit her sister.

Prue stared at the paperwork that had just been delivered through the letterbox. She was ready to go out and visit her sister. The longer she waited to tell her sister, the harder it was for her to be with Jams. She needed her sister to know what was going on and to also reassure herself that Veronica no longer loved him.

She opened the envelope reading the paperwork. Frowning, she read through the document. It was the deeds to her house with her name on. The only problem with the paperwork was the fact the house had been paid for.

Pulling her cell phone out of her pocket, she dialled James's number. Her gut was telling her he was responsible for buying her house.

He answered on the first ring. "Are you missing me already?"

"I'm not sure. Why do I have the deeds to my house?" she asked, cutting to the chase.

"I told them to f**king wait."

"So you did buy my house and put it in my name?"

He was silent on the other end.

"Why?"

"Because I wanted to. Do not question my reasons when it comes to you, Prudence."

She sighed rubbing her temples.

"It is already hard for me to be with you. I know you're rich, but you buying houses for me is hard to deal with."

"Don't, Prudence. This was for you. The money doesn't bother me. I want you, baby. Not a bank balance. You complete me."

Prue smiled, being won over by his kind words. "You always know what to say."

"Have fun with your sister, and I'll see you later."

"What if your friends don't like me?" she asked, knowing her own friends didn't like him.

"Then I get you all to myself."

She laughed. "I'll see you soon."

"Miss you already. Send me a text to let me know you got there safely."

"I will."

Flicking her phone shut, Prue walked out of her door and began the long walk to her sister's house.

She knew Veronica would be in. Her daughter was in school while her son was too young. Knocking on the door she waited for her sister to answer. Veronica had Thomas on her hip as she answered the door.

"Prue. Look, Thomas, your Aunty has finally decided to pay us a visit."

Prue chuckled, taking the bouncing baby out of her sister's arms. "Wow, he weighs a ton."

"He's growing into a strapping lad like his father. Come in. I've got the kettle on. It is freezing outside, and I bet you could murder a coffee."

"I'll take a tea if I can."

"No problem. I couldn't stomach coffee when I got pregnant."

Prue followed her sister down to her kitchen. Thomas stayed on her lap for some time; but boredom got to him, and he was fighting to get down.

Veronica put him in his high chair as she made a drink.

"How have you been?" Prue asked.

"Fine. I had Mom and Dad 'round the other week. They wanted to know how you were doing. I told them you're doing fine."

She nodded her head, accepting the cup from her sister. "I'm doing great, more than great."

"I recognise that cross. Where did you get it?" Veronica asked, taking the seat beside her and pulling Thomas back into her lap.

Guilt assailed Prue. What should she say?

"Do you love James?" Prue asked her sister. She saw Veronica pause with baby Thomas on her lap. Prue knew if the answer was yes then her world was going to be turned upside down. She was in love with James and had been since the first moment she met him. There was no one like him. The way he took her and made her feel so much was addictive. Prue knew her life was with him.

"I've been wondering that myself. He was different from what I was used to. There is something about the way he can command a room by his presence alone." Veronica smiled. "No, I never loved James. I thought I did. He was just a bit of excitement before I met Daniel."

Prue took a deep breath and closed her eyes hoping her sister wouldn't hate her. "I'm in love with James." She'd been practising the words for several weeks, and in the end she'd blurted them out. Prue whacked her hand against her forehead.

She took a peek at her sister seeing what her reaction was. Veronica was smiling at her son on her lap.

"Say something," Prue said.

"What do you want me to say, Prue? I knew you were in love with him five years ago. I've seen the way he looks at you. He loves you as well."

Prue shook her head. They hadn't talked about love. "How do you know he loves me?"

"I'm guessing that cross is his."

She fingered the silver cross around her neck. "Yes, he's told me to always wear it."

"He wouldn't give anyone his necklace, Prue. He loves it, and that is his stamp of ownership."

"You know about his connections," Prue said, keeping as much to herself as possible.

"I know enough about him, Prue. Do you know enough?"

"Yes, I do."

"Then all I ask is that you be careful. James is a good man, but there has been a lot of danger around him lately. Please, take care of yourself."

Prue nodded her head. "You're not angry with me?"

"Never. You're in love, and I can appreciate that. I know we have no control over who we love."

"I love you, Veronica." Prue hugged her sister as Thomas glared at her. She chuckled at her nephew.

For the rest of her visit Veronica showed her pictures of trips away. Prue hugged Thomas and enjoyed every second she spent with her sister.

On the way out, Veronica reminded her she'd need to take James to meet their parents.

Prue groaned.

"I'll warn them, but they're going to have a talk with you."

She nodded her head. "I better go and get ready. James is taking me out tonight. Love you, sis, and see you soon."

****

James glanced down at the ring he'd bought. He knew he'd gone overboard. They'd been together for three days, and he now owned a wedding ring. Closing the box he placed the ring on the desk in front of him. He knew she was the one. There was no need to fight his feelings. She was what he wanted more than life itself.

The times they were apart were hard to get through. Even now he was itching to call her and to see how she was getting on with her sister.

Give her time. You'll have her for the rest of your life.

There was a knock at his door.

"Come in," he said.

Veronica walked in, rolling a pushchair as she approached. She looked like she'd been running.

"I never expected to see you here," he said.

"I wouldn't be here if I didn't think it was important.

"What could be so important?" James asked.

"Prue came to see me. You're in love with her."

He didn't say anything. James waited for her to finish talking.

"You're not arguing with me?"

"I have nothing to say. My feelings for Prudence do not affect you. She is my world and if you've hurt her-" She held her hand up stopping him.

"I've given her my blessing. I know you were never in love with me, James. I didn't love you either. She is more than happy with you, and I can't argue with love."

"Why are you here?" he asked.

"I know you're not safe. That story coming out last year was evidence of that, James. I love my sister. Please, don't do anything to hurt her."

He ran his fingers through his hair, getting angry at her. James would never do anything to hurt Prudence. She was his world, and he loved her.

Grabbing the box that contained the ring, he slammed it down on the desk in front of her.

"Does this look like I'll put her at risk?"

She picked up the box and opened it. Her gasp was all the evidence he needed that he'd made the right choice. "You really do love her, don't you?"

"I've bought her house and put the deeds in her name. Prudence will want for nothing. If she doesn't want me, I will make sure she is provided for. That's how much I love her."

"She won't refuse you. Prue loves you."

He nodded his head. James wanted to hear Prudence say the words for herself.

"I better leave you."

"You've done your sisterly duty," James said, mocking her.

"Yes. I'm still her older sister. I want to make sure she's doing the right thing."

James watched her sister walk toward his office. He waited for a few minutes and then pulled out the white envelope. James began to open the white flap when his phone buzzed. Prudence's face appeared on the screen. He answered her call tucking the envelope into his jacket.

"She is happy for me, Sir. Veronica gave us her blessing."

He chuckled, leaving his office. "I'm on my way to pick you up. Will you be ready?"

"Yes, I look forward to meeting your friends."

"They're not that much fun."

She laughed. "You've met my friends. I think it is only fair that I get to meet yours."

"I'm leaving the club now. I'll be at yours in no time."

"Good, I look forward to it."

Leo was on the door signing some paperwork as James walked out the door. "What's up, Boss?"

"I'm taking Prudence out. Will you keep an eye on things for tonight? I won't be back."

"Sure, I'm more than happy to look after things."

James nodded, climbing in the back of the taxi. "Have you thought about my offer, Arthur?"

"Yes, Sir. I'd love the position you're offering."

"Excellent. I'll have a car sent to you soon."

James settled down watching the city go by. He'd never been so happy before in his life. The ring he intended to give her was in his pocket. He'd wait for the perfect time to ask her to be his wife.

They were moving fast; he knew that, but he loved her. He thought about the issues with Dane and the human trafficking stuff that had come around with Rebecca and Lloyd Black.

He shook his head. Those thoughts were not going to spoil his future. James pulled out the envelope and opened it. There were several pictures of a man inside. There was no other information other than the images. He didn't get it. Shaking his head, he figured Veronica had sent him the wrong envelope. When he got a chance he'd ask her about them. It wasn't his first priority, and he placed the envelope back inside his pocket, forgetting about it.

Chapter Eighteen

The house was bigger than James's home, which she never thought was possible. The driver remained quiet as James left the car and typed in the code for the gates to open. When he got back inside she snuggled up close to him. She was wearing the black dress she'd worn for their date.

"Why do you all have secured gates and secret passwords?" she asked.

"Because we're awesome," he said.

She laughed, patting his knee. The driveway was covered with trees and bushes. "Did your parents get the idea from here?"

"I think they did it at the same time."

His arm was wrapped around her giving her comfort.

"It is cold out, Arthur. You may come in if you wish."

James helped her out of the back of the car. He took her hand leading her through the front doors. "They're expecting us."

She followed him inside keeping her coat closed around her.

There were many doors, and only a few men were lurking in the rooms. "It is very quiet," she said.

"Since the news, it has been very quiet. Some of the men have been scarce."

Prue nodded her head following him down to the end room. She saw the bar was littered with several more men. A woman was singing at the end of the bar. Her voice filled the room with wonderful music.

James pulled her in front of him. "Prudence, I'd like you to meet Stephen Knox."

He stopped at a table, and she recognised the man James pointed to. "And his woman, Ursula." The woman stood up and offered her hand.

"It is nice to see another woman among the group. I was starting to get a little bored. Sorry, Violet, you're not the most talkative."

The other woman smiled at her. "No offense taken."

Prue shook their hands, knowing she'd at least get on with Ursula.

"These are Cadeon, Lucas, Sean, Tate and Kevin. That guy at the end whom you met at Ravage is Dane."

Yes, she recognised the man who'd startled her at the bar. That night felt like a lifetime ago.

"It is lovely to meet you all." Prue didn't need to be a genius to know they were all tense.

"I'm bored," Ursula said. "Come on, Prue. I'll show you the rest of the house."

Ursula took her hand. Violet followed behind them. Cadeon got up to go with them. Violet shook her head, kissing him before leaving.

Once they were out of the room, Ursula took a deep breath. "I thought I was going to suffocate in there." She pulled a lollipop out of her pocket and then popped it into her mouth.

"You have a sweet tooth?"

"It helps with the nerves. Stephen has been behaving oddly just lately. I don't have a clue how to handle him half of the time. I think it has to do with Dane and those two upstairs," Ursula said, pointing up the stairs.

Prue remained quiet. Violet shrugged her shoulders. "Cadeon is worried about the baby." She rubbed her stomach.

"It is more than that. Stephen doesn't want me left alone. He's put extra security everywhere. I don't go anywhere in the first place." She shook her head, taking them down to the basement.

"Where are we?" Prue asked.

"A training room. Tate was teaching me some moves, but that all ended." They sat down on the exercise bench. This was the first time Prue had ever been in a training room getting to know other women.

"Do you love James?" Ursula asked.

"Yes. I met him some time ago. He was dating my sister."

"Ouch. How did your sister take it?"

Prue smiled. "She's happy that I'm happy."

"I was Stephen's housecleaner. Violet worked for Cadeon."

She smiled at Violet. "I used to work in the same building. I don't know if you remember me."

Violet shook her head. "Sorry, I don't."

They sat in silence.

"I bet this is the strangest greeting you've ever been to."

She smiled at the women. It was the strangest night of her life.

"I think things are going to get a whole lot worse."

"Ursula, she doesn't need to know this. He's gone."

"What is going on? Does this have to do with that news report last year?" Prue asked.

Violet glared at the other woman.

"What has James told you?"

"Only about Possession and Ravage and where it comes into his life." Prue was beginning to feel there was a whole lot more to the problem. James hadn't told her everything.

"This is not our place," Violet said.

Prue stared between the two women. They seemed to be having a private conversation. "James wouldn't want you to tell her what he doesn't feel is relevant."

Another bout of silence and then Ursula smiled at her. "It is nothing. I'm sure everything is fine."

Prue smiled and stared around the room.

"So, how are you finding James? Is he as possessive as Stephen is?" Ursula asked.

"I don't know about Stephen, but I think James is possessive enough." She chuckled, thinking about the way he had stopped the men from hassling her at the club when she first began going.

"I know that look. He must be pretty special."

"He is," she agreed.

"What about you, Violet?"

"Cadeon is worried about the pregnancy. He doesn't like the thought of anything hurting me."

"How is pregnancy?" Prue asked, thinking about James's lack of thought with regards to protection.

"Good. I've suffered with morning sickness, but I've been able to overcome it. I think I'm through the worst."

"Stephen and I are trying for a baby. He wants things to settle down before we are parents." Ursula closed her mouth and stared past Prue's shoulder. Dane stood looking at them. "James is looking for you," he said.

She nodded her head, getting up from her seat.

"Stephen and Cadeon want you both as well."

"That's our cue to leave."

They followed Dane up the stairs. James was waiting in the bar with the other men. They all stood up to greet them the moment they entered. It was such an old-fashioned action that Prue paused. James opened his arms, and she went into them willingly.

"I apologise there is not a lot of entertainment. I'm hoping to have everything back into shape in no time. You should bring her often, James," Stephen said.

"I will. I'm afraid we must be off."

James shook his friends' hands. Prue gave them a smile before they were heading out the door once more.

****

The drive back was a tense affair. James knew something had been said among the three women. He stared at her as she looked out of the window. Arthur drove them back to his house, leaving them at the gate as he requested. Prudence didn't speak as they walked up the long drive to his house.

"Do you think we can get a car that we drive to and from the gate? These walks are going to ruin my shoes."

He pulled her close, kissing her head. "I'll buy you more shoes."

The cold air surrounded them. James looked up to the moon wondering why he had a really bad feeling in his gut. He tightened his hold on Prudence all the way to the front door. When they were inside, he followed her up to their room.

He'd come to view his bedroom as their room. He liked her sleeping by his side. They changed out of their clothes, and Prudence put on one of his shirts. It fell down to her knees.

She was brushing her hair, and he walked up behind her taking the brush.

"Tell me what is going on in that pretty mind of yours." He glided the brush through her hair.

"Ursula and Violet are worried about something."

He paused.

"You're worried about it, too."

James stared at her through the reflection of the mirror.

"Please, tell me. I don't want to be kept in the dark."

He sighed, brushing out the strands of hair. "There is something going on. I don't know if it is over or just beginning, Prudence."

She turned to him. "I don't care. Tell me."

James took her hands leading her over to the bed. "I don't know where to start."

"Start from the beginning. This has nothing to do with Possession or Ravage, does it?"

"No, not at all. At least I don't think it does."

"Tell me."

He took a deep breath keeping her hands in his. "It all started with Violet. She's from England and came here trying to get away from a man. Her mother had been one of Dominic Green's prostitutes, and Violet had no choice but to run from him."

Prudence gasped. "I recognise that name. He's dead, right? In some kind of a shootout?"

"Yeah, well over a year ago now. Violet was free when he died. He saw his woman's children as an income. He'd have put Violet to work, and she'd have been killed or something worse." Her hand pulled out of his covering her mouth. "I know this is awful, so if you want me to stop then tell me." He caught her shoulders in his arms and pulled her close.

"It is just awful to think of that kind woman at a monster's mercy."

He nodded his head. "Then, after some time, Stephen and I kept getting warnings about our club and our women. He was only just starting to date Ursula. The threats continued, and before we knew what was happening, Eugene Black had hired Ursula's ex-boyfriend to arrange Rebecca's beating. She was his step-mother. Rebecca and Lucas's sister, Isabella, ended up in the hospital. Isabella was one of Green's girls, we think. She's not been very talkative to anyone since she came out of the hospital. We believe that Dominic Green was working for someone else, and we think that it was not just prostitution but human trafficking. They were taking women off the street and selling them like they were meat."

James was silent as he stared past her shoulder.

"You don't think this is over?"

He shook his head. "I don't know what to believe. I've had this feeling for some time."

"What kind of feeling?"

"That something bad is going to happen. There is something we've overlooked."

"What does Dane have to do with it?" she asked.

Closing his eyes, he thought of the big guy around Prudence. She was so sweet. He couldn't handle the thought of another man touching her.

"He worked for Dominic Green. A year ago he made a deal to help the FBI with their investigation, but as a requirement they released him into Lucas and Sean's custody or to stay at Possession."

"He's dangerous?"

"Yes, he's killed people. I don't want him around you." James took her hands kissing her knuckles. "I don't know what I'd do if anything happened to you."

She smiled at him. "You'd do everything in your power to find me. I know you, Sir. You wouldn't let anyone take what is yours."

James pulled her close resting her head against his chest. The thought of losing her was top in his mind. He wouldn't let it happen. She meant everything to him.

"The good news of today is Veronica gave us her blessing. She didn't seem bothered with me being with you. I was worried in case you and she still had something going."

James held her, closing his eyes.

"I never slept with your sister," James said, staring at the opposite wall. Prudence tried to lift her head. "No, I want to hold you."

"But? What? I don't understand. You were both dating, and that is what usually happens between couples who are dating."

"I've never taken your sister to my bed or trained her as my sub. I thought she was the one, but I now know differently. You're the one, Prudence. Always have been and always will be."

He stroked her hair loving the way the strands glided through his fingers. "I thought you should know."

"I'm so pleased you told me. I thought you'd been together, and it didn't bother me. Knowing you didn't sleep together is a huge relief."

James loosened his hold for her to look at him. He stared down into her blue eyes and was swept by how much he loved her. Rubbing a thumb over her lip, he leaned down and claimed her lips. Her moans filled his mind making him want her more.

Her eyes were closed as he pulled away. "Do you want to take me into your playroom?" she asked.

"No. I want to keep you in my bed and make love to you for the rest of the night."

Chapter Nineteen

Prue opened her eyes and saw the intense way he was looking at her. His eyes were almost black, and the intent in his eyes was crystal clear to her. One of his hands slid down her body going past her breast to the edge of the night shirt she wore. She was wearing one of James's old shirts. The scent of him surrounded her, which comforted her in the middle of the night.

"What are you doing?" she asked. He lifted the shirt she wore up and over her head.

"I'm going to get you naked, and then I'm going to make love to every square inch of this body."

She climbed onto the bed waiting for him to join her. Her gaze roamed over him as he removed his clothing. His body was hard and muscled with not an ounce of fat on him.

"You better be ready for me," he said.

"I'm always ready for you, Sir. Always."

He knelt on the end of the bed and began crawling up the bed putting an arm on either side of her body as he made his way to her. She lay back feeling one of his hands caressing the side of her body down to her thigh.

"You're incredibly beautiful," he said.

His compliments made her smile. There was no mistaking his loving gaze as he swept the length of her body.

"I want you so much."

Prue wrapped her arms around his neck, reeling him in. "Then take it."

James slammed his lips down on her as he roughly pulled her legs apart. She cried out when he plunged two fingers inside her pu**y. Prue felt him opening his fingers inside her, preparing her pu**y to take his large shaft.

She cried out as a third finger was added.

"You're so tight and hot. You want my c**k don't you, Prue?"

"Yes, I want you to f**k me. To claim me and make me yours."

James growled, and the sound vibrated through her body. "I can't wait. I need you now."

His fingers were gone, and then the head of his c**k pressed to her entrance. "I want you to look at me. I need to see your eyes when I come inside you."

Prue stared into his dark depths. Her heart pounded inside her chest. The love she felt for him consumed her with its ferocity.

"I love you, James," she said.

"You're my everything, Prudence. I'm so in love with you that I can't even think straight." He thrust inside her up to the hilt.

She clawed at his back, the passion she felt overtaking everything she knew. "I love you," she said, screaming his name.

Her heart felt like it was going to burst from her chest. He loved her.

She pushed up to meet him taking everything he had to offer and more. James sank his fingers into the strands of her hair, ravishing her lips as he f**ked her pu**y. His other hand cupped her thigh in his palm and lifted her leg over his waist.

"So f**king tight," he said, thrusting into her in between each word.

"Harder." She scored his back with her nails. James turned suddenly bringing her over him.

"Your turn to ride me." He cupped her tits in his palm, thumbing her ni**les. Prue stared down at him, lifting her body off his c**k and then slamming back down. They both cried out.

"I want to watch you take my cock." His gaze lingered between her thighs. She made sure to lift her body up off him without hindering his view. "You're so wet." She eased down his length, taking her time and letting him see every inch of him disappearing inside her.

He slapped her ass making her yelp. The burn of his punishment made her thrust down on him with such force that it made her br**sts bounce.

James slapped her ass again and again until she was riding him in a hard and fast pace. Sweat covered both of their bodies. The heat was building between them. She watched him lick his two fingers and then begin to tease her clit. The position she was in left her wide open for his touch. She whimpered feeling her body crashing through her orgasm from the few strokes of his fingers.

"I've got you, baby. Come for me. Let me feel you tighten that sweet cunt around my dick."

Prue cl**axed. Her release shook her to the very core.

He turned her onto her back with him underneath her. Her cl**ax slowly ebbed away. James pushed the strands of hair off her brow and kissed her lips. The tenderness brought tears to her eyes. "I love you."

"I love you, too. So much."

James leaned down, capturing her lips again and again. Prue finally felt like she'd gone home. Her life was with James. Her whole world was centred around him.

"You're so beautiful."

She smiled. No words could describe her feelings for him. They were wrapped around each other. His shaft pulsed deep inside her. They were connected in the most primal way she knew. Her heart pounded inside her chest looking at him.

James eased out of her pu**y slowly, then pushed back inside. She felt all of him thrusting past the muscles of her pu**y. He was thick and taking his time with her. Prue closed her eyes loving the feel of him surround her.

"No one else," he said, taking her hands in his and pressing them down onto the bed.

She opened her legs wider as he took her to heaven with his body. James used all of his strength to make her feel so much pleasure. She never knew how amazing it could feel between them. The love bursting between them sent James and Prue over the edge. Her cl**ax startled her in its intensity. She felt his c**k clench inside her then the spurt of his seed.

No fear swamped her. She knew there was a bigger chance of her getting pregnant, but she felt complete and total contentment.

He collapsed on top of her.

"I own you now," he said on a whisper against her ear. His words made her feel loved. Out of all the women who'd thrown themselves at James, he'd chosen her. She smiled, running her hands over his back. Nothing could kill her feelings for him. If James was around, nothing would ever happen to her.

****

Several days later

James stared at all the men in his sitting room. He glanced at the clock hoping Prudence had made it to her sister's safely. Cadeon looked like a lost man while Stephen kept glancing around him. Tate and Kevin hadn't said a word, but their anger was clear. Sean and Lucas were staring out of his window over the grounds.

"This is a nice place you've got here," Lucas said.

"Cut the crap. What is going on?"

"Is it safe here?" Stephen asked.

"Yes. No bugs or cameras," Sean said.

Stephen pulled out a small laptop from his case and opened up the device. The screen fired up, and on the screen were Dane, Rebecca, and Isabella.

"You installed cameras into their room?" James asked, outraged on behalf of the women.

His friend stopped the recording and stared at him. "I asked Tate to install one when I saw Dane leaving their room. I thought it was suspicious how three people who had no knowledge of each other were suddenly sneaking around together."

"I didn't want to do it, but when I saw the evidence with my own eyes, I knew it had to be done." Tate stood up. He looked nervous. "When they went down for breakfast I installed the cameras and made sure they were all up and running."

"Dane has been logging into our security mains and sending emails about someone. He was also wiring money into a secured bank account. Those days he disappeared he was at the bank withdrawing money," Kevin said.

James frowned then watched the three on screen. The women looked terrified but not of Dane. If anything, they found a lot of comfort in Dane's presence. He'd never seen Rebecca talk so much. The woman looked different from the broken woman he'd seen in the hospital a year ago. When the footage was finished James waited.

No one spoke.

"Dane is trying to buy a woman back?" James asked.

"We don't know who she is, but did you listen to all of it?" Stephen asked. "After I watched this I went looking. Our parents died of natural causes or so it seems. What if they were poisoned or killed."

"Stephen, you're opening up too much speculation."

"It all fits. That paperwork I was going through, there were women who are unaccounted for."

James paused. "What?"

"The last twenty years there have been women who have been employed or whose boyfriends have been members. Their names are marked down in log records. They've never been seen again. I did some cross checking on my computer. You're not going to like the answer," Stephen said.

"Never been found?" James asked.

"Or a known prostitute linked to Dominic Green. These records, the paperwork implicate us. Dane is right with what happened to Isabella. Sean and Lucas could be implicated. There are too many coincidences to explain. Lloyd Black? Eugene? Even down to us taking Dane in, not to mention the raid that killed f**king Dominic Green."

James sat down as all the revelations rolled through his mind. "That is why Lloyd has not been fighting for parole."

"If we're the ones implicated and face conviction, with us out of the picture and Rebecca unprotected the charges could be dropped. He'd walk free."

James ran his fingers through his hair. "This is not possible," he said.

Sean cursed. "Of course it is f**king possible. We've been in the news for the past year. What better way than to link our name to human trafficking? The case would be huge. Could you even imagine the hype surrounding well-to-do businessmen when it becomes common knowledge about their underhand deals? They'd explain the two clubs and how they are a cover to steal innocent girls away. It is the perfect cover to get away with it. Whoever is running this is a lot brighter than Dominic Green." Sean had his hands on his hips. The anger vibrated out of him.

"Why do you think it is someone else who is in play here?" Cadeon asked. The man looked like he'd aged twenty years in the last conversation.

"Because someone is sending Dane those emails, someone who has him on a wild goose chase. Whoever it is knows us. They know who Lloyd is and our lives."

"I can't let this happen. Violet is suffering through the pregnancy. If I'm taken out of the picture she won't survive. I can't do this," Cadeon said.

"What are you trying to say?" Stephen asked.

"That if I have to I'm running. Violet is my world. I'm not going down for this." Cadeon was close to tears.

"We have other options," Lucas said. He'd been the quietest of all the men.

"What? Wait for this bastard to make his move. I've got a wife and kid on the way. I can't wait to be arrested and trying to fight a crime I didn't f**king commit."

Lucas waited for Cadeon to finish. "Whoever this guy is, he hasn't made his move. We can be implicated and put out of the picture, so why hasn't he done it?"

All of them looked at one another.

"He wants something."

"You don't know that, Lucas. He's playing with us."

"With all due respect, Cadeon, you've never dealt with a man like this. I have. I've been in the force, and I was tracking Green for years. I know these men. This guy is smart. He wants something from us. It will probably be the one thing that will break the whole case, and we just haven't found it."

Cadeon burst out laughing. "Great, our whole life is based on us finding some piece of evidence that doesn't implicate us but keeps the bad guy locked up."

"I know it is not the best news, but at the moment it is all we've got."

James stared at the laptop. The coil of fear built in his gut. He didn't like this at all. They were all in danger. He needed to get Prudence.

"If we're done here then I think it is time for you to leave."

"We need to discuss what we're going to do," Stephen said.

"No. I need to get my woman from her sister's. What we need to do is talk to that f**king bastard who used us. I want this shit out of our life, Stephen. I didn't sign up for being a saviour. I'm happy being the guy who runs my club and is in the background of business. This is not my business. It does not concern me."

James walked over and slammed the laptop down.

"You can't turn your back on us like this."

"I'm not. I'm turning my back on the stuff that gets people killed. This is not some action movie where everyone goes home the victor, Stephen. People end up dead and not always the bad guy. If you want to exhume our parents then do it. I want no part of it."

James walked out of the sitting room and went into his office to collapse on the chair. When he heard all of them leave, he got up and made the call to Arthur to pick him up.

Chapter Twenty

Over the next few days James wouldn't let Prudence out of his sight. He spent every waking moment with her. When he had to go to the club, he took her with him. She stayed in his office reading a book or listening to music as he worked. He knew she wanted to help Jermaine, but he refused. The only way he could guarantee her safety was if she were by his side. None of the guys talked to him, and he was more than happy with the arrangement.

They were his friends, and he cared about them. Still, Prudence was his whole world, and he knew what Cadeon meant. If a choice came, he'd take Prudence and run like hell.

"You look tired," she said, wrapping her arms around him. He sat in his office chair. It was late in the afternoon, only a couple of hours before Ravage would open. Jermaine was filling the bar while Leo manned the door.

"I've got a lot on my mind."

"I'm here for you, Sir. You know that." He kissed her hands loving the way they felt wrapped around him.

"I love you, too."

She chuckled. "I'm never going to get tired of hearing that."

"You better not."

"I never thought we'd be like this."

He turned and pulled her into his lap. "Like what?"

"Together. Loving each other. I used to dream about us at night. What it would be like. I wondered how it would feel if you ever told me you loved me."

"Does it live up to your expectations?" he asked, nibbling her neck.

"It's so much better than what I imagined. You've made me the happiest woman in the world."

James smiled. When Prudence was in his arms, he was the happiest man in the world. She completed him unlike anything he'd ever known. He was about to pull the ring out of his pocket when his cell phoned buzzed. James glared at the device and wondered if he should just turn it off and go back to proposing to his woman.

"You better get that. It could be important," she said, easing off his lap. Prudence went back to lying across the sofa. He kept his gaze on her as he answered his phone.

"This had better be good."

"You're needed here, James. It is necessary that you come. Come alone," Cadeon said.

James rolled his eyes staring at the clock. "Fine, I'll be there."

He closed his phone.

"Trouble in paradise?" she asked, looking over her shoulder at him.

"Yes. Do you want me to drop you off at the house?" he asked.

"Are you coming back here?"

He nodded his head. "I have stuff to do."

"Then I'll wait here until you get back. Don't worry. I'll be fine."

James leaned down to kiss her. "I love you. I've got something important to ask you when I get back."

"I'll be waiting."

He kissed her again, grabbed his coat, and made his way out of the office. "Enjoy your book," he said.

"I'd rather be enjoying you."

He laughed and moved out of the office. "I'm going to be gone for a little while, Leo. Can you hold everything down? Prudence is in my office. Please, keep an eye on her. I'd take her with me, but I think it is best she stay here."

His gut was screaming for him to take her with him. Leo nodded his head. "Sure thing, Boss."

James nodded his head then moved towards the car where Arthur was waiting. "Take me to Possession, please."

"Certainly, Sir."

He tapped his knee on the drive over. His thoughts constantly turned to Prudence. He shouldn't have left her. Whatever they had to say here should be heard by her. She was part of him now. The moment the gates came into view, he got Arthur to drive close for him to type in the security code.

He was getting agitated with each minute that passed. Before Arthur parked the car, he was out and heading inside the club. The place looked abandoned.

James made his way down to the main bar. Possession was completely empty, and it was the first time he'd seen it like that. He fingered the box he had in his pocket wondering what Prue would say when he asked her to marry him. He'd been about to ask her when that blasted call interrupted him.

The sound of shouting came from Stephen's office. He turned and headed back in that direction. He walked into the office and saw Rebecca, Isabella, and Dane shouting. His friends had surrounded the trio. James put both hands in his pocket and felt the envelope he'd put in there several days ago.

The sound of rustling stopped the argument in progress. "James, what are you doing here?" Cadeon asked.

He looked up. "What do you mean, what am I doing here? You told me I needed to come here and to come alone."

"No, I didn't," Cadeon said.

"I got your call." James frowned. He hadn't given the call much thought. The call identity had recognised Cadeon's phone, and he'd assumed the other man was the caller. He'd been distracted.

Cadeon pulled his cell phone out of his pocket. "I've not made a call."

They were all looking at each other. "What is going on?" Dane asked.

The envelope he'd opened the other day, and the pictures it contained, fell out of his pocket. He bent down, picking them up.

Dane moved over to him and snatched the picture from his hand, handing it to the two women. They gasped covering their mouths with their hands. "Oh no. He's found us," Isabella said. James still didn't recognise the man in the picture.

"I can't believe it is him," Isabella said.

Everyone was frozen to the spot. The picture made the rounds throughout the room. Lucas recognised him as did Sean.

"What the f**k is going on?" James asked. Isabella and Rebecca looked like they'd seen a ghost.

Dane took the picture and stared at it. "I've seen him recently," he said, staring at James.

"Why are you looking at me? I've never seen this man before in my life," James turned to the women. They'd lost all of their colour, and the fear on their faces was obvious.

"He's going to kill us."

"Could someone please tell us what is going on?" Cadeon asked.

"I don't see what the problem is."

"That man is very dangerous. I've only seen him once or twice, personally. It was why I didn't recognise him at the club the last time I was there," Dane said. "That man is Daren Robinson. He's the right hand man to Dominic Green's boss, and he's currently your f**king doorman."

James took the photo from him. He didn't know why Veronica had it, but he was going to f**king find out. Staring at the picture he saw the resemblance to Leo. "This man is Leo. He's a well respected man and hard worker."

"He's a murderer just like me. I have one or two to my name. He has f**king hundreds of kills to his name. That man is the one who does all the leg-work for the main man. No one has seen the big boss. When he turns up, no one is left alive," Dane said.

James squared up to him, staring at the other man. "How did you not recognise him before?"

"He's had plastic surgery done. I swear to you, James, that man is Daren Robinson. His build and everything are the same. I don't know why he's here."

"He's been watching us this entire time," Cadeon said.

Watching? Watching?

James charged out of the room.

"James, where are you going?" Stephen shouted. He heard them following him. Arthur was leaning up against the car smoking a cigarette. The moment he saw James, he got into the car and started the engine up.

He turned to the men. "He's got Prudence. I asked him to watch her. I can't believe I was so f**king stupid."

James kicked the car then opened the door. "Drive as fast as you can. I don't give a f**k what happens. You get to Ravage now." He dialled his office number and waited for her to answer.

"Pick up, pick up, pick up." James looked out of the rear view window to see several cars following him. He knew his friends were right behind him.

The call ended with his voice asking the person to leave a message. He cursed his own actions. He'd messed up and left Prudence with a worse criminal than Dane.

****

Prue stretched her arms above her head. She must have fallen asleep. The book she'd been reading lay across her chest. Her mouth had a horrible taste. Letting out a groan, she turned and sat up. She must have been asleep for a few minutes. Her head was groggy. She stood up and made her way out of James's office.

The whole club was silent. It was eerie, and she moved toward the bar. Jermaine was no longer there.

She rubbed her arms wondering where everyone had gone. James had said he'd be back before she knew it. She glanced at the clock and saw it hadn't been that long since he left. Her heart hammered inside her chest at the deathly quiet of the club. Everywhere she looked sparkled from the deep clean that James demanded from the cleaners he employed.

"Jermaine? Are you here? Hello?" She called out hoping for someone to answer her. Prue turned around to stare at the bar. No one was around. She was starting to panic. The club was huge, and she'd always been there when someone else was close by.

She walked backwards into a solid body. Prue turned to see Leo standing there.

"Leo, you scared me," she said.

"I'm sorry. I thought everyone had gone." He stared at her. She smiled at him and gestured around her at the club.

"I've never seen the club so dead before. Has James been in touch? I said I'd wait here, but I think it would be best if I went home." She placed a hand to her rapidly beating heart hoping to calm her nerves.

"No, he hasn't phoned."

Leo was watching her. His arms were folded, and she got the feeling he was waiting for something. "Why didn't you tell him?" he asked.

"What?"

"Why didn't you tell James about the phone calls?" There was a gleam in his eyes. She frowned at him.

"I don't know what you're talking about."

He laughed, shaking his head. When he leaned closer to her, she pulled back. Leo grabbed her by the shoulders tugging her roughly against him. He leaned close to her ear, and that is when she heard it.

The heavy breathing.

"That was you?" she asked.

A chuckle escaped him. Prue tried to break free from his hold.

"Let go of me."

"I think you're my answer. You see, I've known James for some time now, and he's never cared about anyone the way he does you. I've worked for him for a year, but before then I had other people in place to watch him. Not one woman appeared on the radar. Not even a guy to use against him. Yeah, I think this will work."

"Let her go," Jermaine said. They turned to see Jermaine at the front of the door.

"I thought I told you to leave."

"James is on his way. I wondered why you let me go."

Leo turned her so she was facing the other man. He continued to breathe in her ear repulsing her with the sound.

She felt him shaking his head. "I tried to spare you, mate. This was nothing personal." The American accent was gone. She heard the distinct sound of his British tones. One of his hands released her. Prue didn't know what happened next, but he was pointing a gun at Jermaine. "No hard feelings. This is just business."

Prue screamed as the gun was fired. She saw Jermaine cover his chest and fall to the floor. Fighting with all of her might, Prue failed to get away from Leo. "Let me go."

She kicked her arms and legs out at him. "Let me go. Let me go." Leo fisted her hair and forced her to be still.

Not able to stop the moan, Prue stared up at the man she thought was a friend.

"I wonder how much James loves you."

"Let me go. Please, I haven't done anything to you."

"No. You haven't, babe. You're a means to an end."

"James will do anything you want."

"We'll see." He pulled out his cell phone. "I'm done messing around. Bring the car around. The alleyway is best."

He forced her to move towards the side exit. She was fighting harder than she ever had before. Leo backhanded her then picked her up over his shoulder. He grunted from her weight. The fight left her as darkness claimed her.

*****

Daren Robinson held her over his shoulder and dumped her in the back of the car. Her pretty face would be marked from his hand. He didn't care. For the last few years his boss had relied on several pathetic men to get the job done. Daren knew he should have done this job in the first place. Dominic Green had been f**king stupid. The little bitch he'd been after cost had Daren and his boss one of the best workers. Then Eugene thought he could take over. The moment he left the job to others, they'd come back with their tails between their legs. Working for the past year as James's doorman had given Daren everything he needed. He was done playing kids' games.

The woman lay in the front seat. He pulled Prue's cell phone from her pocket and grabbed the woman. She whimpered and tried to pull away from him.

He walked back inside Ravage. Jermaine was coughing and trying to move toward the door. He crouched down over him. Daren had liked the f**ker and wished he hadn't needed to shoot him. "You should have left when I told you to. This has nothing to do with you."

"We were friends," Jermaine said.

Daren grabbed the woman around the waist and tugged her down to his side to stop her from escaping.

"I'm sorry, my friend." He looked at the damage he'd done. There was little to no help for the man. He shrugged his shoulders. "You'll be dead soon."

Getting up from his seat, he tugged her into the centre. "Lie down."

She was shaking and not moving fast enough. Daren pushed her to the floor then gave her the mobile. She took the device with shaking hands.

He tugged her hair relishing the squeal she released. "Make sure James gets this. If you fail me, I'll be back to end you."

"I'll do it. I'll do it."

Nodding his head, he moved out of the club and climbed into the car. Daren looked down at the sleeping woman in the back of his car. She was his key, and he'd use her however he pleased. "Get me back to England. This place has bored me," he said.

Chapter Twenty-One

James charged through the entrance of Ravage. His heart was pounding inside his chest. He refused to believe anything could happen to Prudence. She was perfect. No one would hurt her. He couldn't believe Leo had been the person ruining everything. It was too hard to believe. The man he'd hired and had started to feel was a friend was one of the men he should be running from.

Jermaine was on the floor. Blood covered the floor and his shirt. He reached his hand out to James.

"I ... tried ... to ... stop ... him." Jermaine coughed. James went to the other man. Jermaine was cold to the touch.

"I'm ... sorry ... for ... failing ... you. He ... took ... her. Prue..."

"Don't talk. I've got you." The others came through the front door as Jermaine took his last breath. James felt the tears fill his eyes. Getting to his feet he walked into the main part of the club with his friends following behind him.

He stared around the club looking for any clue. The sound of whimpering drew his attention to the floor. There on the dance floor was a crumpled body of a woman. From the hair, James knew it wasn't Prudence. The woman lay on the floor clutching a cell phone. It was Prudence's cell phone.

Dane charged past him pulling the woman into his arms.

The woman pulled away from him, scurrying out of his hold.

"Stay away from me," she said, yelling at Dane. James saw the other man's face pale.

"I'm so sorry, Mary."

She pulled away from him. "I've been told to give this to James."

James moved forward and took the phone from her shaking grip. The moment he touched the phone it began to ring. Mary went back to the floor rocking as she did.

He clicked the phone to receive the call and pressed the cell to his ear. "Hello."

"Hey, Boss, how is life treating you?" Leo asked.

"Leo, what are you doing? Or should I say Daren?"

"Ah, so you put two and two together. I wondered how long it would take for you to figure out what I'd done. I have to say it took you long enough."

"Listen to me you bastard-" James began to shout down the line feeling all the anger and aggression consume him. His hands were shaking, and his heart felt like it was being torn from his body.

"No, please, let me go, please!" Prue's screams came over the line, frightening him to death.

"Do you hear what I can do?" Daren asked. Another scream came down the line. "I suggest you stop giving me orders. I would hate for Prue to be lost somewhere."

She screamed, and James yelled for him to stop.

"Don't hurt her. I'll do anything. Just don't hurt her." He was losing his mind from the torture.

"Good. Now, I've simply made an exchange. Dane and Mary will bring you up to speed. I was going to take the money, but I think Prue will get me what I want. He asked for Mary's safe return. I prefer to make an exchange, and I knew the Feds would be following him. Prue is simply a means to an end," Leo said. James heard her whimpering over the line. "You made a mistake bringing her into your life."

"Don't hurt her. I will pay anything."

"Your money is shit, James. I've got more than enough money to last me a lifetime. What I want is all the evidence."

"What?"

"You have evidence that can be used. You will come to England, alone, and we'll make the exchange. Prue for the file I'm looking for."

James stared at Lucas. The other man signalled for him to keep Leo talking. "If you're really the right-hand man to the boss then why are you here and not one of the lower minions?" James asked. His heart raced.

"I'll humor you this once, James. Dominic got killed. Eugene got killed, and Lloyd is rotting in some prison. Ask Dane. I get the job done and rarely leave someone alive to tell the tale. You're lucky, James. I could have killed everyone you've ever loved. I'm doing you a favour. There will be plenty more women like Prue out there. She's really not that big of a deal. I suggest you don't try and f**k with me. I do my own work, and I remain the best. No one, not even your f**king army guys Lucas and Sean, can beat me. I'm the best."

James knew there was no getting through to him. The man on the other line had fooled everyone, even Dane.

"How do I call you? I want to make sure she is okay."

"Prue will be well looked after, James. I suggest you hurry. I'll give you a month. If I don't get my file in the next month, Prue goes up for auction, and she'll be lost."

The cell died.

James threw it to the ground and slammed Dane into the wall. "He's got Prudence because of you." His hand tightened around the other man's throat. The desire to end him was too intense. He saw Dane going pale, his arms fighting for him to let go.

"James, stop." Cadeon, Stephen, and Lucas pulled him away.

"He's got Prudence. If I don't get evidence to him, he's going to put her up for auction. You better start talking."

"I don't have any evidence," Dane said, coughing as he took in air. James felt his hands shaking. Prudence was in danger. He'd failed her, and she was lost.

"I can't think," James said. Blood was on his hands. He grabbed the nearest chair and threw it over the bar to crash into the bottles containing the alcohol.

He screamed, destroying everything in his path.

Stephen grabbed his arms throwing him to the floor. "Stop, James. You need to stop. This is not good for her. You need to focus."

The tears fell from his eyes. James collapsed onto the floor. His agony was coming out of his mouth in the screams and sobs. "I promised to protect her. I failed her."

"It is not over yet, James. We can do this. We just need to think."

"He needs evidence, Stephen. I don't have that."

"Who gave you the picture?" Dane asked.

James stared the man. "What?"

"Who gave you the picture of him?"

Veronica.

"I know where to look. Please, let me go."

Stephen pulled off him giving him the space he needed.

James took several deep breaths and stood.

"Who gave you the pictures?" Stephen asked.

"Veronica Star. My ex and Prudence's older sister."

****

Prue opened her eyes. The sun was shining through the window, and she frowned. Her head was pounding, and it hurt to open her eyes. All at once her memories started rushing to her. Jermaine, Leo, and the gun shot. The phone call that he had made to James. She held her head trying to bring focus to her world. This wasn't supposed to happen. If Leo was only the right-hand man, what was his boss like? Prue shuddered at the thought.

She reached down to touch her cross and felt an empty space. Leo had taken her necklace away. Getting to her feet, she stumbled to the door. She saw her reflection in the mirror. Her face was bruised over one side. Her eye was swollen shut, and it looked like she had a split lip.

Opening her door, she began walking towards a door. There was no sound she recognised. At the end of the hall she opened the door and crashed into a rail. Prue looked over the edge to see the ocean.

She was on a boat.

"So she has finally woken up. I thought I'd killed you for a second there," Leo said.

Turning away from him, she tried to get away. She ran for the end of the boat and looked over the ledge. If she jumped in she wouldn't get very far. Would death be more welcoming than Leo?

His hands came on either side of her. His heavy breathing was close to her ear. She cried out wanting to get away from him.

"Are you thinking of jumping?" he asked.

Refusing to talk, she tensed up looking for a way out.

"I dare you to jump. You wouldn't get very far. I think there are sharks in these waters. You'd be tasty for a few minutes."

She looked down into the water wondering how bad it would be.

"Why?" she asked. Her throat was dry, and the sound came out in a croak.

"You're a means to an end."

He caught her arms in his hands and pulled her away. Prue didn't fight him. "Now, you're going to be a good girl, and everything will be good for you. I'll get what I want, and you'll be able to go back to your man."

Leo sat her down at the table then sat in the seat opposite her. The table held fruit and orange juice. Her stomach growled. The other two men at the table chuckled.

"What if I don't behave?"

"Then I'll have you up for auction in a heartbeat. You're a pretty girl, and I'll get decent money for you. Make no mistake, Prue, I will make your life hell."

She stared around at the ocean. There was no escape.

Please, James. Come and get me.

The End of Part One

