CHAPTER ONE

The wedding was perfect.

Or at least it should have been.

After months of planning and a bottomless budget, Holly Sullivan had made certain nothing was overlooked.

Choosing to set the social event of the year in the gardens behind the elegant Las Vegas hotel, she'd decorated the marble grotto in white silk with accents of gold. At the altar she'd placed huge banks of white lilies and gilded roses. Even the candles had been personally hand-dipped to include Holly's favorite lavender scent.

A glorious backdrop for her white sheath gown that was closely fitted to her tall, slender form with gold thread that had been hand-embroidered on the sleeveless bodice.

It was even a perfect spring day.

A cloudless blue sky. A soft breeze.

There was only one thing missing.

The groom.

Standing in the center of the grotto, Holly watched in numb disbelief as the uniformed employees hurriedly stripped away the gold bows that were tied to the rows of chairs.

Had it really only been three hours ago that she'd been waiting in the vestibule in the back of the hotel? She'd been surrounded by her bridesmaids and her father, Vigo Angeli, who for once had looked pleased with his bastard daughter.

It seemed like a lifetime had passed.

She blew out a weary sigh.

Maybe she shouldn't have been surprised that she'd been jilted, she wryly conceded.

The past six months hadn't been her finest.

Not only had her father sold his casino conglomerate after he'd all but promised that she would one day take his place at the head of the family business, but he'd sold it to Liam Conner.

A gambler, womanizer, and all-around pain in her ass.

She'd gone from loving her career as Vice President in charge of Marketing, to dreading each day spent with Liam.

He was too raw, too unnervingly sensual for her taste.

Nothing at all like Ted.

She abruptly grimaced.

Ted.

Or Theodore Wentworth Junior.

The eldest son of the Wentworths, wealthy investment bankers. He'd proposed to her nine months ago.

The man who couldn't be bothered to show up for his own wedding.

Bastard.

Pain sliced through her numbed disbelief.

She'd just been completely humiliated in front of two hundred guests.

But far worse than that was the gut-wrenching sense of being found unworthy in front of her father.

Her entire life, Vigo had made her feel as if she would never be good enough.

Okay, Vigo had been generous in supporting her mother, a showgirl who'd been one in a long line of lovers. And he'd not only paid for Holly to achieve her MBA, but he'd invited her to join his corporation after his eldest son and heir, Luc Angeli, had walked away to start his own company.

But she'd always suspected that Vigo had only brought her in to punish Luc. He'd certainly never acted as if he was overly thrilled to have her as a part of his life.

Either as a daughter or an employee.

A fact that had been proven when he'd sold the business without even warning her what he intended to do.

And now this...

Sucking in a deep breath despite the corset that was digging into her ribs, Holly glanced toward the edge of the grotto where her maid of honor was hovering with obvious concern.

"You don't have to keep a suicide watch," Holly assured her best friend with a humorless smile.

Sasha Kristoff was the exotic result of a Russia-born father and a Hispanic mother.

Like Holly, she had dark hair, although she kept hers cut shoulder-length while Holly's fell nearly to her waist. And her eyes were a dark, indigo blue where Holly had eyes the unusual shade of cognac.

"I'm not," Sasha assured her, moving to stand at her side.

She'd changed out of the gold bridesmaid dress into a pair of tight leather pants and red halter-top.

"Good," Holly said. "Because I'm not going to do something stupid."

Sasha gave an inelegant snort. "Now that's a pity."

Holly lifted a brow. "Excuse me?"

"If ever an occasion begged for doing something stupid, this is it."

"You mean like doing the sky jump off the Stratosphere or betting my life savings at the roulette table?"

A dangerous smile touched Sasha's full lips. "I was thinking more along the lines of taking a baseball bat to Junior's prized Lamborghini."

Holly pressed a weary hand to her forehead. A headache of Titanic proportions was brewing behind her right eye.

"Sasha, please don't."

"Fine." Sasha shrugged. "Then we can take the baseball bat to Junior's smug face. Far more satisfying."

"No baseball bats," Holly muttered.

Sasha grimaced. "Dammit. The bastard should pay for what he did to you."

"You never did like him."

"Because he's a douchebag," Sasha said with simple honesty.

Yeah. He was. And if Holly was being completely honest, a part of her had known that he was a douchebag.

He was vain. Smug. And, quite frankly, shallow.

But when they'd started dating she'd decided that he ticked all the boxes.

He had the proper pedigree.

He'd earned her father's approval.

And he didn't demand the sort of intense emotions she wasn't prepared to offer.

Their relationship was easy. Uncomplicated.

"I thought-" She cut off her words with a shake of her head.

"What?" Sasha demanded.

Holly grimaced. She'd never assumed that Ted had been madly in love with her, but she'd never thought he would deliberately hurt her.

She heaved a weary sigh. "I thought he at least cared about me."

Sasha made a sound of disgust. "Junior is incapable of caring about anyone but himself. He's a genuine narcissist. Still, I have to admit I'm surprised."

"Why?"

"He's always such a prig about his precious image. Mr. My-Shit-Doesn't-Stink could barely stand to be in the same room with me in case I contaminated his blue blood," Sasha pointed out.

Holly bit her lower lip. She couldn't argue. Ted had been horrified to discover that Holly's best friend was the owner of a high-end, extremely exclusive club called the Playhouse.

It was far more than just a strip club, or a gathering place for those who enjoyed an alternative lifestyle. Sasha had managed to build a small empire that included a large store where she sold Playhouse merchandise, erotic art, and toys. She also ran a company that offered phone sex, and strippers for private parties.

As far as Ted was concerned, she was nothing more than a whore.

"He was old-fashioned." Holly instinctively tried to excuse his prejudice.

It was a habit she obviously needed to break.

The sooner the better.

"He was a pompous prick," Sasha snapped. "Which is why I can't believe he would create such a public spectacle of himself."

"He didn't," Holly muttered, glancing around the grotto that was being swiftly stripped of all traces of her aborted wedding. In less than half an hour it would be as if she'd never been there. A damned shame she couldn't rid herself of the sense of humiliation so easily. She shuddered, wrapping her arms around her waist. "He left me to enjoy that particular honor."

"Fucking coward." Sasha gave a disgusted shake of her head. "But come on, Holly, his no-show is going to be the prime source of gossip among the social elites for the next year."

Holly winced. It shouldn't matter. She didn't even like ninety percent of the guests that had been invited to the wedding.

But the thought of people whispering behind her back or snickering when she walked into the room was enough to make her feel sick to her stomach.

"Thanks."

"Sorry, but it's true." Sasha wrinkled her nose. "Why not discretely call off the wedding a week ago if he was having second thoughts? It would have been no more than a three-day wonder."

She shook her head. "Who knows?"

Sasha frowned. "Aren't you curious?"

Was she?

Actually...no.

At the moment, all she wanted was to disappear from the world and forget this hideously horrible day had ever happened.

"It doesn't really matter anymore."

Clearly struggling not to press the issue, Sasha bit back her frustrated words as a stunningly beautiful woman with long dark hair and hazel eyes entered the grotto and walked in their direction.

Maddy Angeli was a former model and currently married to Holly's half-brother, Luc.

It was weird. When Holly was young she'd known about her father's "real" family. The elegant wife who lived in the grand mansion with their two perfect children, Luc and Shelby.

She'd been desperately jealous of them.

It wasn't until after Luc had turned his back on Angeli Casinos and she'd more or less taken his place at the family business that she'd tentatively reached out. Astonishingly, Luc had been happy to get to know his bastard sister and they'd quickly formed a close relationship that now included his lovely wife.

Of course, they'd been careful to keep their friendship a secret from Vigo.

They'd both known that the older man would have a seizure to discover they were friends instead of competitors for his attention.

"Hi, sweetie." Maddy wrapped her arms around Holly to give her a warm hug. The woman was as kind as she was beautiful, and if Holly didn't love her so much she'd feel compelled to kill her for being so perfect. "The caterers have packed up and the reception room has been cleaned. Is there anything else you need?"

"No." Holly pulled back, putting on a brave face. God. She just realized there was something worse than being a joke to society. It was being an object of pity to her friends. "You and Luc have been great. Thank you."

"Hey, that's what family is for." Maddy gave her fingers a squeeze. "Do you want to come home with us?"

She firmly shook her head. "I just want a hot bath and a very large glass of wine."

Maddy frowned. "I don't think you should be alone."

"She won't be," Sasha said.

"I told you, I don't need a babysitter," Holly muttered.

"The last thing I intend to be is your babysitter, chica." A wicked smile curved Sasha's lips. "Tonight you're going to spread your wings and fly."

Hmm. Holly didn't trust that smile. The last time she'd seen it Sasha had been trying to convince her she needed a tattoo.

"What are you talking about?"

"A walk on the wild side." The smile widened. "It's Ladies' Night at the club."

"No." Holly held up a hand. "No way am I going to the Playhouse."

Sasha arched her brows. "You'd rather stay home and wallow in a pity party?"

"I don't wallow."

"Holly, come on," Sasha pleaded.

Holly shook her head. "I'm just not interested in..."

Her words trailed away.

Actually, she wasn't entirely sure what went on at the elegant club. Oh, she knew there was a variety of entertainment.

Strippers, both male and female. Spectator sports. BDSM dungeons. And private rooms upstairs that catered to every taste imaginable.

But she'd never visited the club. She was Vigo's bastard daughter by a showgirl. She had to be twice as careful with her reputation as most businesswomen.

"Not interested in what?" Sasha prompted. "Drinking and dancing with your besties? Hot men taking off their clothes? The opportunity to celebrate being young and beautiful and gloriously free of the douchebag?"

Holly hesitated.

She'd done everything expected of her.

Everything.

And what had it gotten her?

Vigo had sold the business and made her life a hell. Ted had jilted her at the altar. And her so-called society friends had walked away without a second glance.

Did she really want to be the good girl and go home to nurse her wounds in private?

"You're right," she abruptly decided, feeling an unexpected rush of excitement. With a deliberate motion she slid off the two carat diamond solitaire and tossed it toward Maddy. Her sister-in-law ran an after-school program for disadvantaged kids. Hocking the ring should give her enough to pay for the healthy snacks they always tried to send home with the children. At least for the next year. "Tonight I just want to forget."

Sasha gave her a quick hug before turning toward Maddy. "Are you in?"

"Tempting, but I think I'd better keep an eye on Luc," Maddy said, slipping the ring into her purse without comment.

"Why?" Holly was instantly concerned. "Is he sick?"

"No, homicidal," Maddy confessed. "If he gets his hands on your ex-fiance I'm afraid he'll beat him to a bloody pulp. I intend to take him home and keep him distracted."

Oh. Holly grimaced. Luc had never liked Ted. Now she didn't doubt he was prepared to do some painful damage.

"Good plan," she teased.

Maddy kissed her cheek. "Enjoy your night. The bastard isn't worth your tears.

"Damn straight." Sasha took her arm and tugged her toward the edge of the grotto.

"Let's go, chica."

***

Liam Conner passed through the scrolled iron gates and entered the three-story mansion that consumed the entire block.

Made of shiny metal with lots of glass and sharp angles, it looked like an expensive home created by a modern architect, not the most exclusive sex club in Vegas.

Bypassing the line of hopefuls waiting to gain entry, Liam boldly stepped past the security guards who were attired in Armani tuxes in celebration of Ladies' Night and entered the shallow foyer.

Men in his position didn't ask to be let in.

They demanded entry.

A huge change from his childhood.

Just ten years ago he'd arrived in Vegas from Dublin with nothing but the shirt on his back.

He'd been the youngest of ten children born to Patrick and Alice Conner. He dearly loved his family, but he'd known he was never going to follow in his father's footsteps to become a construction worker. And since there would never be money for a proper education, he'd taken matters into his own hands.

Starting off as an amateur, then a professional gambler, he'd accumulated enough money to start an Irish-style pub just a few blocks off the Strip. And then another. And another.

Then six months ago he'd fulfilled the first part of the dream that had brought him to Vegas.

He was now the proud owner of the Angeli Casinos.

Tonight he intended to fulfill the second dream. The one that had started a year ago.

A hard smile curved his lips, making the hostess stumble in astonishment.

He barely noticed her dazed expression or low sigh of appreciation as she tried to show off her curves revealed by her black leather corset and matching thong.

He was too accustomed to females gawking at his sculpted male features and the thick satin of his russet hair that he kept cut short.

There was only one woman who he wanted to attract.

And tonight he wasn't leaving without her.

Entering the main room of the club, Liam came to a halt.

Astonishingly sophisticated, the glass and metal room was an elegant canvas that could be altered by the high-tech laser lightshow. Even the furnishings and expensive artwork were easily portable so they could be switched out, depending on the flavor of the night.

Casting an impatient glance over the crowd of females who were seated at the round tables that framed the small stage, he quickly turned his attention toward the long bar that ran the length of one wall.

His prey wouldn't be interested in the male strip show, no matter how tempting the dancers.

She wasn't into beefcake.

Nope. Not at the bar. A frown tugged at his brows as his attention shifted toward the small dance floor where a dozen women and a few half-dressed men gyrated to Beyonce.

His heart missed a strategic beat.

In the middle of the crowd he could see the top of Holly's dark head.

Bingo.

Preparing to battle his way to her side, Liam was abruptly distracted by a stunning, dark-haired woman who stepped directly into his path.

"Now how did I know you were going to show up here tonight?" Sasha mocked, the purple lightshow playing over her high, Slavic cheekbones and faintly bronzed skin.

Liam folded his arms over his chest. Unlike the other men in the room he was wearing casual jeans instead of leather, with his chest was fully covered by a white cotton shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows.

"You sent the text telling me where to find her," he said, well aware the mysterious message must have come from this woman.

No one had been more surprised than he'd been when he'd received it, but he hadn't wasted a second. Jumping in his Mercedes sports car, he'd made it to this club on the edge of Vegas in record time.

"Don't make me regret it," the woman muttered.

Liam didn't bother to reassure her.

This day had been a lesson in frustration, taking its toll on his nerves. He wasn't in the mood to play nice.

"You have a room?" he instead demanded.

Giving a snap of her fingers, Sasha glanced toward the hostess who hurried forward with a small key card.

"Here." She pressed it into Liam's hand after a short hesitation. As if she was having second thoughts. "She's fragile."

Liam frowned. "I have no intention of hurting her."

"What do you intend?"

He narrowed his green eyes that were lightly flecked with gold. "You've done your part, now butt out. This is between me and Holly."

"Dios." Sasha scowled, studying his grim determination. "I hope I haven't thrown her from the frying pan into the fire."

"Oh, she's going to get burned," he purred, his blood heating at the thought of at long last getting his hands on the stubborn woman. "And she's going to like it."

Done with the small talk, Liam simply walked away.

He'd wasted a year.

He wasn't wasting one more second.

With the ease of a man who carried with him a natural, ruthless authority, Liam moved through the crowd that parted before him. The music pounded and the lights created a dazzling display, but he barely noticed. His attention was locked on the woman who was dancing far too close to a bare-chested idiot with bulging muscles and a death wish.

Coming up from behind, he leaned down to speak directly into her ear.

"Hello, princess."

He felt her stiffen before she was whirling around to regard him in shocked horror.

"Liam."

His lips twisted with rueful amusement. If his ego wasn't rock-solid, this woman would have ground his pride to dust over the past twelve months.

The thought had barely passed through his mind when he was distracted by the sight of her slender body barely covered by a tiny sheath of silver lame.

That had to be Sasha's doing, he wryly concluded.

His sweet Holly was more of a buttoned-up, straitlaced kind of woman.

"Are you having fun?" he drawled, making no effort to disguise his interest in the amount of flesh she was flashing.

Predictably, her chin jutted to a militant angle. So stubborn.

"I was. What are you doing here?"

Liam flicked a glance toward the male behemoth who moved to stand at Holly's side.

"Go away."

The male scowled. "What the hell?"

Liam allowed the stranger to glimpse the savage predator just below his polished surface.

"Now."

Instinctively the man backed away, swiftly swallowed up by the females who surrounded him like a school of piranhas.

Christ.

"Hey, we were dancing," Holly protested, her hands on her hips.

Liam's gaze lingered on the plunging neckline of the barely-there dress.

He'd always suspected she was hiding something wonderful beneath her starchy suits.

Now he knew...

Perfection.

"How much have you had to drink?" he abruptly demanded.

"What business is it of yours?" she countered, her eyes flashing with golden fire. Shit, she was beautiful. "I'm not on the clock."

He stepped closer, his hand cupping her face. He had to touch her.

To feel the satin heat of her skin beneath his fingers.

"Tell me."

Her lips flattened, as if debating whether to refuse to answer. Then, when his expression assured her he wasn't going to back down, she gave an impatient shrug.

"I've had one margarita. Satisfied?" she ground out.

A smile curved his lips. He'd had to make sure she was capable of thinking clearly.

No way was he going to be accused of taking advantage.

"Not yet." His thumb traced the lush promise of her mouth. Damn. How many nights had he tortured himself with thoughts of those lush lips wrapped around his cock, sucking him dry? He went hard as a rock. "But I intend to be."

She stiffened, but she made no effort to pull away. "Look, I've had a really bad day and I'm not in the mood-"

"I know," he interrupted.

"What?"

"I know you've had a bad day and I'm here to make it better."

Her eyes widened. "You? I don't think so."

She took a sharp step backward, her expression wary. Liam, however, didn't miss the pulse at the base of her throat that pounded at frantic beat. It wasn't fear that was making her heart race and her eyes dilate. It was good, old-fashioned lust.

His cock pressed against his zipper, the pleasure/pain forcing him to choke back a groan.

Dammit. When he climaxed it was going to be with some part of Holly wrapped around him.

Fingers. Mouth. Pussy.

It didn't matter which.

"Get used to it, princess," he warned, watching as her tongue peeked out to wet her dry lips.

She took another defensive step backward, her cheeks flushed.

"Why don't you go do whatever or whoever it is you're here to do?"

"What a fabulous idea."

He reached out, grasping her by the waist. Then with one smooth motion he had her tossed over his shoulder and was headed toward the back of the club.

CHAPTER TWO

What the hell?

Holly tried to grasp what was going on.

It'd been shocking enough to have Liam suddenly appear.

Like the day hadn't been crappy enough? Now the man who'd been the bane of her existence for the past six months had to ruin her brief attempt to enjoy a wild, carefree night?

And worse, he was acting as if he was some Neanderthal who'd just crawled out of his cave.

A surge of belated outrage raced through her. Curling her hands into fists, Holly pounded them against Liam's broad back.

"Put me down."

Without warning he reached up to give her a light smack on her backside.

"Hold still or I'll spank that delicious ass until it's rosy," he said, his hand lingering to soothe the sting.

Holly's mind went blank.

Did he...

Was he...

Holy shit.

A sharp-edged desire ripped through her, stealing her breath.

She wasn't stupid.

She'd recognized the instant attraction that had exploded the first time they'd met at a charity event last year. Hell, it was hard to miss your entire body going up in flames from a mere handshake.

But she had already been dating Ted and she wasn't going to allow her hormones to lure her into a relationship built on passion.

Her mother had.

For all the good it'd done her.

She'd ended up with an unwanted child with a man who could barely remember her name.

No thank you very fucking much.

And her caution had been proven right when Liam had somehow managed to convince Vigo to sell him the company that the older man had promised to Holly.

Bastard.

The attraction hadn't disappeared.

Hell, they could barely stand next to one another without setting off sparks.

But she'd fiercely ignored her sizzling responses while he'd watched her with a mocking amusement that set her teeth on edge.

Certainly he'd never threatened to smack her ass.

"Have you lost your mind?" she demanded.

"From the moment I caught sight of you."

"Where are you taking me?"

His pace never slowed. "Someplace we can talk in private."

Oh lord, had Liam realized she'd been jilted and decided she needed his particular brand of sympathy?

"I don't want to talk." She gave his back another whack, nearly breaking her fingers. Damn. She'd known he was all chiseled, lean muscles. Unlike Ted, he spent his lunch breaks at the gym, not at five-star restaurants. But still...he was as hard as a rock. "I want to dance and drink and have a good time."

"Okay, we don't have to talk."

"Fine. Then take me back."

His fingers gave her ass another squeeze, the heat from his hand searing through the thin fabric of her borrowed dress.

"You said you wanted to have a good time."

Her breath was wrenched from her lungs. It felt good. So damned good.

Distracted by the excitement jolting through her body, Holly nearly missed Liam halting next to a security guard to whisper something in his ear.

It wasn't until her head bumped against his back as he began to climb the steps that she realized he was headed to the upper floors.

"Liam, stop," she muttered. "These stairs go to the private rooms."

"I know."

The pounding music began to fade as they reached the second floor, a soothing hush wrapping around them as he headed toward the end of the hall.

"They're for people who want to-"

Her words faltered as he halted in front of a door, then astonishingly, produced a slim key card so he could push it open.

"To what, princess?" he pressed as he stepped into the room, kicking the door closed behind him.

With a soft click, the lock slid into place, and something dark and utterly dangerous slid through her.

A need. A hunger that terrified her.

"Dammit," she breathed. "I'm not in the mood for your condescending sense of humor."

Slowly Liam lowered her to her feet, his fingers gently pushing her long hair from her face.

"You think I'm condescending?

She shivered, feeling oddly lightheaded.

It had to be from being carried around like a sack of potatoes, she told herself.

It couldn't be because she was alone in a sex club with Liam Freaking Conner. Or that her ass still tingled from his touch...

"I'm well aware you think I'm a silly, worthless brat who was given her position because her father is Vigo Angeli," she forced herself to rasp. "I'm just a joke to you."

His eyes narrowed, his hand moving to cup her chin. "Don't tell me what I think. You have no idea."

She jerked free of his disturbing touch, turning to take a quick survey of the room.

Holy...shit.

She didn't know what she'd expected, but it wasn't this.

The room looked amazingly normal with an opulent crimson and gold decor that gave off a Chinese vibe. A four-poster bed dominated the center of the floor, and next to it was a large black lacquer cabinet that no doubt held all sorts of strange devices.

The only thing to indicate that this was anything but an upscale hotel room was the wooden X that was nailed to a wall. Padded handcuffs hung from a bar just above the polished boards, and beside it was a low shelf where half a dozen different whips were arranged.

Another dark thrill jolted through her, making her pussy wet and her nipples harden with an unwelcomed anticipation.

The knowledge pissed her off.

Dammit. She was furious she'd been hauled up here by a man who devoted his life to making her miserable.

Right?

"How did you get a key to this room?" she demanded.

He shrugged. "The usual way."

Oh. She blinked. He'd reserved the room? Maybe even scheduled a partner who was looking for a meaningless hookup?

"Good god," she said, refusing to examine why she felt so...disappointed. "You're into this stuff?"

He prowled forward, looking indecently gorgeous in the muted light.

"I'm into pleasure." His voice deepened to a low invitation that brushed over her skin, making her shiver. "However my partner prefers to experience it."

"Yeah well, good luck with that," she muttered, unconsciously backing away. Suddenly he seemed to fill the room with his raw, savage energy. "I have a cold margarita and a half-naked man waiting for me."

He continued herding her backward, his eyes a dark emerald as he studied her with a searing intensity.

"I'm a gambler, princess. I never depend on luck to get what I want."

"And what do you want?"

"You."

***

Liam watched in satisfaction as Holly bumped into the rack. Precisely where he wanted her.

Not that she appeared ready to capitulate to their mutual need, he ruefully admitted. She'd devoted the past year to denying her desire for him.

He was going to have to strip away her layers of defenses before he could find the passionate woman he knew was waiting for him.

Thankfully, he was damned sure he was going to thoroughly enjoy the process.

She licked her lips, her breathing ragged even as she tried to pretend she wasn't completely turned on beneath her anger.

"Am I being punked?" she demanded.

He reached to grasp a strand of her dark hair, smoothing it between her fingers.

It was glorious, but he wished she'd left it up.

For the past six months he'd watched Holly enter her office with her hair pulled into a tight bun and her beautiful body covered by a tailored power suit.

And every day he'd fantasized about pulling the pins from the silken strands to watch it spill down her naked body in a cascade of ebony.

Later, he silently promised himself, adding it to the growing list of desires he intended to fulfill.

"Punked?"

She bit her bottom lip, making his cock twitch.

"Sasha is determined to make me forget about-" Genuine pain darkened her eyes.

Shit.

"Your ex-jackass?" he snarled, his entire body vibrating with fury at the mere thought that this was supposed to be her wedding night.

"Ted," she snapped, as always rushing to the bastard's defense. "And I wouldn't put it past Sasha to arrange this ridiculous charade."

"This doesn't get any more fucking real, princess." He didn't bother to disguise the dark possession in his voice as his hand lightly circled her throat. Any pretense she didn't belong to him was over. "It has nothing to do with Sasha or that bastard who thought he could claim what's mine."

Her lips parted, shocked acceptance rippling over her face.

That's right, he silently urged. Look into my eyes and accept that you belong to me.

"This is just crazy," she breathed.

His hand slid down, smoothing the tiny strap off her shoulder so the neckline dipped down to reveal one rose-tipped breast.

No bra.

Hell.

Liam sucked in a harsh breath, feeling as if he'd just been sucker punched.

How many times had he pictured this woman naked? Enough times to make him begin to fear he was some sort of creeper.

But nothing-nothing-could have prepared him for his first true glimpse.

She was perfect. A warm, satin, living work of art.

"Don't try to pretend you don't feel it," he husked.

Her breath rasped through the air. "Feel what?"

He palmed the soft globe, his thumb circling the tender nipple. Instantly it hardened to a tight nub, blatant proof of her eager response.

"The heat."

Unable to resist temptation, he dipped his head down and traced the nipple with the tip of his tongue. She gave a strangled moan, her hands lifting to land against his chest. He stilled, waiting to see what she would do. One push and he would back away. She'd been through the wringer today. He wasn't going to add to her distress.

But she didn't push away.

Instead her nails curled into his chest until he could feel a delicious prick of pain.

"The excitement," he continued, catching the tip of her nipple between his teeth. She hissed in pleasure, her back arching as he twirled his tongue before once again sinking his teeth into the tender flesh. "The hunger."

She quivered, her voice thick with need. "All I feel is anger."

"Liar," he growled, his hand tugging the other strap off her shoulder to expose the breast still hidden beneath the lame.

"God." Her nails dug into his chest, her head tipping back to rest against the rack.

Suckling her with growing urgency, Liam gave a tug on the swath of fabric that passed for a dress, groaning as it slithered to the ground.

"Admit that you want me," he commanded.

She shook her head even as her fingers tangled in his hair. "You think you're so damned irresistible."

Liam lifted his head, his gaze taking a slow, thorough survey of her slender body.

His cock twitched, fully appreciating the sight of her dressed in nothing more than a white lacy thong and silver stilettos.

Oh hell.

As much as he wanted to spend the entire night seducing this woman, he knew he wasn't going to last long.

"Only to you," he muttered, his hands tracing the curve of her waist to linger on her hips, just above the tiny white bows that held the thong together. His entire body clenched with white-hot anticipation. Shit. She was going to be the death of him. "Do you think I missed all those covert glances when we're working together? Or how your pulse races when I touch you?"

She gave his hair a tug. Just hard enough to make him shudder with bliss.

"Because I hate you."

"No." He leaned in to kiss her with a stark demand. Enough. She wasn't going to be allowed to hide behind her resentment any longer. "You might hate the fact your father sold me the company you assumed would someday be yours." His lips skimmed along the stubborn line of her jaw. "And the fact I won't allow you to twist me around your little finger." He discovered a hollow beneath her ear that made her tremble with need. "But you don't hate me."

A strangled moan was wrenched from her throat.

"Didn't you just warn me that I wasn't allowed to tell you what to think?" she growled. "Right back atcha, buster."

"Then tell me, princess." His tongue traced the shell of her ear. "Admit that you want me." He nipped her lobe. "That you want this."

"I..." She released a soft moan as his lips skimmed the line of her jaw before nuzzling at the edge of her mouth. "Damn you."

"Say the words," he insisted. "Admit you're as eager for me as I am for you or this stops right now."

She stubbornly remained silent, and with a growl of frustration Liam started to pull back.

He'd never forced a woman in his life and he sure as hell wasn't going to start with this one.

No matter how desperately he wanted her.

But even as he moved, Holly gave a low hiss.

"Fine. I want this," she rasped, her voice thick.

"No regrets?"

"No regrets." Her eyes smoldered with a blazing need as she unexpectedly caught his bottom lip between her teeth. "But that doesn't mean I don't still hate you."

He gave a choked sound at the sweet pain, nearly coming in his pants.

"You want to play rough?" He abruptly grasped her arms, pinning them above her head so he could snap the handcuffs around her wrists. If he didn't get her restrained the fun was going to be over before it began. "I'm ready."

"How rough?" she demanded, licking her lips as he bent to yank off his shoes then shucked off his jeans. The buttons scattered onto the hardwood floor as he jerked his shirt open and tossed it aside.

He ached to feel her against his skin.

"I promised only pleasure," he said, stepping close enough he could run his fingers lightly down her upstretched arms.

She sucked in a ragged breath, her eyes traveling down his body to linger on the fully erect cock that jutted out in proud need.

Her lips parted. Did she want a taste?

Shit, he hoped so.

There was no way in hell the night was ending before he was between her legs, tasting her sweet honey.

"This is insanity, Liam," she at last croaked.

His fingers trailed down, teasing the curve of her breasts until she gave a rough groan.

"No. For the first time in months my world is making perfect sense."

His hands trembled, his heart banging against his ribs hard enough to hurt. He'd never wanted like this. Not when he was a poor, sometimes hungry kid in Dublin. Not when he'd been living on the streets in Vegas. Not even when he'd decided that Angeli Casinos was going to be his. Only Holly could fucking wreck him. Only her.

His fingers continued to drift downward, savoring the flat planes of her stomach before toying with the ribbons of her thong.

"What does that mean?"

"I played the gentleman and nearly lost you." Grasping the ribbons, he gave them a tug, a hard smile curving his lips as the thong fluttered to the floor. "This time I'm taking what I want."

CHAPTER THREE

Holly had officially lost her damned mind.

There could be no other explanation for why she was allowing this madness to continue.

And she was allowing it, she was forced to admit.

Liam had been his usual arrogant self, but there was no way she could pretend he'd forced her. Not when she knew that one genuine protest from her would have brought an end to the bizarre encounter.

The truth was that she'd wanted this man from the second she'd caught sight of him at the charity event. And that desire had only intensified over the past six months of working constantly together.

Now her entire body was on fire, demanding to have her hunger sated.

Even worse, there was a tiny, wicked voice in the back of her mind that was urging her to give in to the inevitable.

It reminded her that this was her non-wedding night.

What better revenge on her bastard of an ex-fiance than to enjoy a few mind-blowing orgasms?

Especially with a man he'd always hated?

"And what about what I want?" she asked, her voice husky.

His fingers lightly traced her bikini line, sending shockwaves of pleasure jolting through her.

"We're about to find out," he promised, a knowing smile curving his lips as he felt her tremble.

Arrogant bastard.

She'd always been a vanilla girl.

She made love with Ted in a bed, lights out, and over quickly enough that she didn't have to worry about oversleeping the next morning.

Now she was in a sex club, with a man she claimed to hate, and handcuffed to the wall.

And she'd never been so turned on in her entire life.

Still, horny or not, she did have limits.

She deliberately glanced toward the whips that were hung next to her head.

"You try to hit me and I'll kick you in the nuts," she warned.

His lips twitched. "No pain, princess." His fingers slipped between her legs, brushing her clit so lightly it was barely a tease. "Only pleasure."

She bit her bottom lip, her toes curling in her stilettos.

"This is insane," she sighed.

He stepped close enough to trail a line of kisses down the curve of her neck, the stiff hardness of his cock pressed against her stomach.

Christ. He was huge.

"Inevitable," he said.

Holly shifted with a growing impatience. She was desperate to feel him thrusting deep inside her, but she'd be damned if she'd beg.

"Do you always handcuff your women?" she instead demanded.

He cupped her breasts in his hands, slowly torturing one nipple before he turned his attention to the other.

"Only when they need the opportunity to enjoy a complete surrender."

"Complete surrender?" She stiffened, a strange fear inching down her spine. No. This was a night of madness. Nothing more. "In your dreams," she hissed.

He leaned down to take her nipple between his teeth, biting just hard enough to send a rush of moisture to her cunt.

"Oh, you've been in my dreams," he whispered, his finger continuing to brush over her clit. "Every night for the past year."

Her hands tightened around the chains that held her to the bar hanging above her, her body bowing with a need that was threatening to make her self-combust.

"I don't surrender," she said between clenched teeth. "Not to anyone."

His finger slid into her wet opening. "And that's the problem."

Holly struggled to breathe. Hell, she struggled to think.

"What is?"

His thumb circled her clit as he rubbed his cock against her stomach.

"You've kept your emotions so bottled up they're about to explode."

Her eyes slid shut. She didn't want to discuss her feelings.

Not with a man who treated her as if she was little more than a spoiled child.

"What do you know about my emotions?"

"This isn't the time for a prolonged discussion about your daddy issues-"

"Don't."

He lifted his head to study her with an unnerving perception.

"But we both know that you've spent the past year pretending to be someone you're not," he pressed.

She parted her lips to tell him to go to hell, only to give a gasp when he grabbed her hips and turned her to face the wall. There was a clank as the bar above her head swiveled to accommodate her new position, her wrists still firmly held by the handcuffs.

"What are you doing?"

Without warning, a blindfold was tied over her eyes.

"Just feel," he whispered in her ear.

"Liam?" She struggled to free her hands, not afraid he would hurt her, but...

What?

That he would reach the vulnerable place she kept tightly guarded?

Wasn't that one of the reasons she'd gone to such an effort to keep him as her enemy?

"Relax, princess," he urged, his hands pushing her arms against the polished boards as he sensed her instinctive urge to escape. "In here, I'm the master. All you have to do is enjoy."

"My friends-"

"Trust me, they're happy as hell to give us some privacy," he interrupted her protest. "They hated that dickhead fiance of yours as much as I did." His fingers tightened on her arms. "Forget about everything but what I'm making you feel, do you understand me?"

"Okay, Liam, that's enough-" She caught her breath as she felt him lower himself to his knees behind her, then with a shocking intimacy, he was jerking her legs farther apart. Holly's fingers dug into the wooden post as a shudder of sheer delight shook through her. "Oh...god."

"It is too late for prayers," he muttered, nipping at the sensitive curve of her ass before he gave her legs one last tug and he was able to find the damp heat he was searching for.

Holly gave a strangled scream, her body clenching with shocked joy. There was something extraordinarily erotic in standing handcuffed to the wall as Liam made love to her with his tongue and teeth.

Lost in the darkness, she concentrated on the sizzling excitement in the pit of her stomach. Hell. She'd accepted that tonight was a night to forget the worthless men she'd tried so desperately to please.

Why not relax and enjoy the one male who wanted nothing more than to give her pleasure?

Again and again his tongue swirled over her sensitive clit, occasionally dipping into her opening with a skill that had her swiftly tumbling toward her climax.

As if sensing she was close, Liam abruptly surged to his feet, kissing a searing path up her spine.

"Keep a hold of the board," he rasped, his hand tugging her leg up until her foot rested on the edge of a low bench next to the rack, leaving her feeling open and vulnerable.

Expecting Liam to instantly enter her, she floundered when she felt his hands explore over her shoulders and up her arms, before returning to slide around the front of her body. He cupped her breasts, then allowed his fingers to glide down her stomach.

Almost like he was trying to memorize each line and curve of her body.

The sensation that he was utterly focused on discovering every inch of her was disturbingly intimate.

Far more intimate than a quick slam-bam.

"Liam?"

"Patience," he insisted, his hand sliding down her inner thigh at the same moment his cock nudged at her slit from behind.

"Oh."

Her head fell back to rest against his shoulder, her neck boneless with pleasure as he at long last thrust deep inside her. Oh, hell yeah. She thought she knew what passion was all about.

Obviously she didn't know a damned thing.

Holding onto the board to keep herself in place as his thrusts deepened, Holly groaned in sheer bliss. It was rough, and wild, and exactly what she needed.

He buried his face in her throat as his clever fingers spread her folds, stroking through her damp heat in pace with the fierce, relentless pump of his hips.

Downstairs her friends were no doubt taking bets on whether she and Liam were fighting or fucking, but at the moment Holly didn't care. Let them enjoy her moment of insanity. Right now all that mattered was the beckoning orgasm that hovered just on the horizon.

With a rasping moan, Liam branded savage kisses against her damp skin.

"Tell me we belong together," he demanded. "Admit it, princess."

"No."

"Tell me, Holly." He pounded deeper, faster. "Tell me."

"It's nothing more than..." Her body bowed and the chains of the handcuffs rattled as the shattering bliss clutched at her body. "Lust."

***

The huge bed in the center of the room wasn't actually meant for cuddling. The mattress was hard, and the sheets designed for an easy cleanup, not comfort.

Still, Liam heaved a sigh of pure contentment as he held Holly tightly in arms, her head resting on his chest.

The sex had been...

He struggled for the words to describe the cosmic orgasm that had rocked through him.

Hell, he'd nearly blacked out as he'd climaxed deep inside her.

And even while he'd gently tugged off her blindfold and unlocked the handcuffs so he could carry her boneless body to the bed, he'd continued to savor the tiny quakes of pleasure that made his knees weak.

Still, as much as he'd enjoyed making love to this woman, and as enthusiastic as he was to repeat the shattering experience, nothing could match the simple beauty of this precise moment.

For the past year he'd waken in the middle of the night, his arms aching with loneliness.

At long last, he felt...complete.

Pressing his lips to the top of her hair, he allowed his fingers to skim down the curve of her spine.

They'd rested in a sweet, silent peace for nearly half an hour.

Thirty minutes longer than he'd dreamed possible.

But just when he was hoping that Holly might actually accept that she was precisely where she was supposed to be, he felt her stiffening.

"I should go."

His arms tightened around her. "Forget it."

She lifted her head to glare at him. "I warned you about giving me orders. I'm not on the clock."

His body instantly hardened.

God almighty, she looked insanely beautiful with her dark hair tousled around her flushed face and her eyes still smoldering from the intensity of their earlier passion.

Exactly as a woman should look after she'd just been thoroughly satisfied.

"Thank god," he growled, rolling until he was perched on top of her. He groaned as his cock settled against her lower stomach. His powerful orgasm had taken the edge off his hunger, but he was far from sated. Hell, he wasn't sure there'd ever come a time when he wasn't desperate to be inside this woman. "Despite my vivid fantasies, I do at least pretend to be a professional at the office."

She sucked in a deep breath as her hands lifted to press against his chest, her cognac eyes shimmering with a golden beauty in the muted lighting.

"It's late."

His gaze moved to the pulse that fluttered at the base of her throat.

As much as he'd enjoyed taking her from behind, he couldn't wait to watch her expressive face while he made her come.

"Do you have somewhere you need to be?" he asked.

She licked her lip, making his arousal twitch. Oh hell. He wanted those lips on him.

On his mouth. His skin. His cock.

A flush of arousal touched her cheeks, but predictably she tried to hide behind her walls.

Nothing with this woman would ever be easy.

Which was exactly why he'd gone to such drastic measures.

He grimaced, refusing to allow himself to recall exactly what those drastic measures had entailed.

That was a worry for another day.

"Back to my apartment," she muttered.

He bent his neck to brush his lips over her wide brow, savoring the warm scent of vanilla that filled his senses.

It wasn't perfume, or even lotion, but just the natural aroma he always associated with her.

"Is there some pressing business that you have to take care of at this hour?"

"I just want to go home."

"And I want you to stay," he admitted with blunt honesty. "I've waited a very long time to hold you in my arms. I don't intend to let you go."

Her eyes widened, something that might have been panic rippling over her face.

"Don't say that."

"Why not?"

"Because..." She struggled to come up with one of her usual excuses. "We can barely stand one another."

His lips skimmed down the narrow blade of her nose. "I think we proved we can stand each other just fine with the proper motivation."

She turned her head, trying to disguise the way her eyes darkened with need.

"Sex."

He continued to stroke his lips over her face, refusing to be tricked into losing his temper. She was a master at keeping others at a distance. Including him.

It wasn't happening again.

"Sex doesn't make the earth shake," he murmured, tracing the curve of her ear with the tip of his tongue. "And don't even try to pretend that you didn't just have the best orgasm of your life."

She kept her gaze averted, her nails digging into his chest.

"Arrogant."

His lips twisted. Like that was a newsflash?

"Look at me, princess." Palming her cheek, he urged her face back so he could study her wary expression.

She sank her teeth into her bottom lip, grudgingly meeting his steady gaze.

"This was a mistake."

"No. No more pretending," he rasped. "Tonight we stop the games and speak the truth."

"I don't play games," she denied.

Liam snorted. Was she being serious?

He remembered the first time he caught sight of her across the crowded room in painful detail.

She'd been dressed in the mandatory little black gown with her hair pulled up to reveal the long, fragile curve of her throat and a meaningless smile on her beautiful face as she tried to disguise the same boredom that was driving him to drink.

Threading his way across the reception room, he'd hoped to ease the tedious evening with a bit of harmless flirtation. And if she could be convinced to take the party someplace more private...well, so much the better.

What he hadn't expected to discover was that she was the illegitimate daughter of Vigo Angeli. Or that the minute he'd taken her fingers into his hands and lifted them to his lips, he would be lost forever.

"It's all you've done since we crossed paths," he reminded her, his jaw clenching as he recalled her instant retreat from the sizzling attraction that flared between him. "You knew as soon as our eyes met we could have something special, but the realization made you panic."

"I didn't panic," she protested. "I was already in a relationship. For some of us, loyalty happens to be an important virtue."

His lips curled at the mention of her spineless fiance.

"You were dating Ted to please your father," he said. It'd taken him months to figure out why the exquisite beauty would waste herself on the worthless, narcissistic idiot. "You became engaged to him to protect yourself from me."

Her eyes flared with a sudden fire. "It never occurred to you that I might love him?"

Liam tensed, his chest tightening to the point he could barely breathe.

"Do you?" he snapped, his voice suddenly as cold as the Artic.

Dammit. He was tired of Theodore Wentworth Junior being used as a weapon against him.

Her defiant expression faltered. "I-"

"The truth," he warned.

"I...I cared about him," she at last hedged.

"Christ." He gave a short, humorless laugh. "I would almost feel sorry for the bastard if he wasn't such a grade-A asshole."

She scowled at him. "Why?"

"You would have made him as miserable a wife as he would have made you a husband."

"You don't know that," she retorted. "We had a lot in common and we enjoyed each other's company. That's a far more intelligent basis for marriage than sex."

"It's at least safe, I suppose." His hand stroked over her cheek before following the line of her neck. Then, almost absently, he traced the prominent thrust of her collarbone. His brief annoyance disappeared as he felt her tiny tremble beneath the soft caress. This woman had spent her entire life trying to earn the love of a man who had no heart. "And to be honest, I get it."

"Get what?"

"Your father taught you at a young age not to offer your heart to a male."

She snapped her lips together, but it wasn't anger that darkened her eyes. No. That was pain. A lingering gift from her father's betrayal.

"I don't need your psychoanalysis," she snapped.

"No," he instantly agreed. "What you need is a man who isn't afraid to bust through your walls with a good fucking and some painful honesty."

She made a sound of disbelief at his blunt response. "Nice."

He lowered his head to seal her lips in a kiss that held no hint of apology.

There was no more pussyfooting around.

"I don't want to be nice," he snarled against her mouth. "Or proper. Or pre-approved by Vigo Angeli." His hand cupped her breasts, his fingers tugging at her nipples with a sharp urgency. "I want to be the man who makes your heart race and your knees weak. The man who challenges you to take risks. And to believe in your own self-worth. Ted would have chained you to mediocrity." His head lowered to capture one of the tightened nubs between his lips. "I intend to help you soar."

She shoved her fingers into his hair, her back arching in invitation.

He'd already learned her breasts were incredibly sensitive.

"Liam," she groaned.

"Let me in, princess," he husked, moving to tease her other breast with tiny bites.

Her fingers tightened in his hair, giving it a painful tug.

"What do you want from me?"

He allowed one hand to slide down her body, slipping between her legs.

"You."

She released a shaky sigh. "My body?"

"Oh, I definitely want every inch of this delectable body." His tongue traced the tip of her nipple as his fingers dipped between her folds. "But that's not nearly enough. I want your thoughts. Your hopes. Your heart. Your soul."

"Good...god," she groaned as he thrust his finger into her damp channel.

Instinctively she spread her legs, offering him full access to her sweet honey.

"Most of all I want your future." He kissed a path back up her throat, nuzzling just below her ear. "Does that frighten you?"

"Yes," she muttered, at last speaking the truth.

Liam lifted his head to meet her passion-darkened gaze. "Then I'll take what you're willing to give."

"And if it's only tonight?"

He forced himself to shrug. It'd taken a year to get her into his bed. No need to frighten her away with the fact that there was no way in hell he was going to be satisfied with anything less than her complete surrender.

"I'd say we'd better make the most of it," he assured her.

Just for a second she seemed to hesitate. As if she was torn between the trembling need of her body and the realization that this night was destined to alter their relationship on a fundamental level.

Liam choked back a curse, forcing himself not to plead.

Dammit. His pride had taken enough of a beating.

Then, almost tentatively, she reached down to wrap his aching cock in her fingers.

"You're right," she told him.

He groaned, pleasure exploding through him as she started to explore him with growing assurance.

"That's a first," he teased, leaning his forehead against hers. "You never think I'm right."

Shit, that felt good.

"Hush," she chided.

He arched a brow. "Did you just tell me to hush?"

"Tonight is a fantasy." Without warning she was pressing her hands against his chest, insistently urging him to roll onto his back so she could perch on top of him. "Just let me play."

His breath exploded from his lungs, excitement clenching his body at the sight of Holly straddling his waist, her hair tangled around her flushed face and her eyes darkened to a smoldering gold.

God. She'd never looked more beautiful.

His heart clenched with a stark male need. Mine, a voice whispered in the back of his mind.

This woman was meant to be his.

At the same time a sudden fear pierced his heart.

What if she discovered the truth?

Would she understand why he'd felt compelled-

"Is there something wrong?" Holly broke into his dark thoughts, her brow furrowed as she regarded him with a sudden uncertainty.

"Nothing," he growled, shoving aside his brief hesitancy. Tonight was about the future. He slid his fingers over her thighs, lifting his hips to press his cock against the liquid heat between her legs. "I'm putty in your hands."

"Good." Holly leaned down to press her lips to his chest, just above his pounding heart. "Don't move."

"Christ," he breathed as she stroked a trail of kisses to his beaded nipple.

He gave a low groan, the sensation of her satin hair brushing over his skin nearly sending him over the edge.

It was all the encouragement she needed.

Clearly enjoying her power over his body, she tasted the nipple with her tongue even as her fingers continued to explore the hard length of his erection.

He jerked beneath her touch, his fingers digging into her ass as he struggled not to simply plunge his aching length into her body.

"Do you like that?" she husked.

"I..." He struggled to swallow. "Harder."

"Patience."

With a wicked chuckle, she skimmed her fingers back to the tip of his cock, finding the tiny drop of moisture. She rubbed it lightly, circling the broad head before returning downward.

She repeated the caress twice more before he released an explosive sigh.

"For the love of god, Holly, don't torture me."

She shifted so she could kiss him with the same hunger that pounded through him.

"Show me what you want." Her voice was low, throaty.

With a choked groan, Liam reached to wrap his hand over her fingers, pressing them tight against his cock. Then slowly he urged her to stroke up and down the shaft, his breath hissing through his teeth as his hips surged forward.

His teeth clenched as she quickened her pace, feeling his balls tighten as his climax loomed.

"Wait, Holly," he ground out, his hand tugging her slender fingers from his cock.

He was too damned close for any more play.

"Party pooper," she taunted, her chuckle turning into a soft sigh as the broad head of his cock pierced the entrance to her body.

Liam squeezed his eyes shut, the pleasure almost overwhelming.

Slowly he sank into her welcoming heat, groaning as her flesh wrapped tightly around his arousal.

Paradise.

Sliding his hands up her body, Liam cupped her breasts, his fingers tugging at her nipples at the same time he began to pump his cock deep inside her.

She gave a choked moan, leaning forward as she met him thrust for thrust, their movements growing more frantic as they hurtled toward completion.

At last Liam gave a shout of joy, his seed exploding from his cock in tiny pulses of bliss.

"My princess." Liam tangled his fingers in her hair, tugging her toward him to capture her lips in a kiss of sheer appreciation. "All mine."

CHAPTER FOUR

Holly remained silent as Liam's Mercedes sports car zipped smoothly through the early morning traffic.

She didn't know why she'd so easily agreed to his insistence that he take her home. Of course, she didn't know why she'd spent the entire night having the hottest, most intense sex of her life with a man she claimed to hate.

Not that she regretted a second of their time together, she ruefully admitted.

Liam had not only managed to make her forget that it was supposed to be her wedding night with Ted, but he'd taught her just what she'd been missing when it came to desire.

Who knew that she could come just by having Liam kissing her breasts?

Or that a shower could offer so many possibilities?

It'd sure been a hell of a lot more fun than a night with Ted.

Still, a tiny voice in the back of her mind was whispering that she was acting wholly out of character. And that at some point, she was going to come to her senses and realize that she'd just spent a night having wild, crazy-ass sex with her boss.

Surely nothing could ever be the same?

Jerking herself out of her odd sense of unreality as the Mercedes slowed, Holly glanced out the window at the tan and black apartment building that was framed by large palm trees.

In the morning sunlight the neighborhood looked neat, but modest. Nothing compared to where her father lived. Or even Liam. But it had been home for the past two years.

And until this morning, she'd always felt a warm sense of comfort when she was here.

But now...

She gave a sharp shake of her head, refusing to acknowledge that her strange reluctance to leave the comfort of Liam's car was due to an unconscious aversion to returning to her life.

If anything, it was the sheer embarrassment at being seen in the short shorts and miniscule top that was emblazoned with the Playhouse logo, she told herself. When she'd called Sasha to send clothes to the room, she'd been worried about the walk of shame wearing a dress she'd obviously worn the night before.

And of course, Liam had needed a shirt since his no longer had buttons.

Unfortunately, the Playhouse merchandise wasn't much of an improvement.

"You can drop me off in front of the building," she murmured, opening her purse to pull out her key.

With his typical arrogance, Liam ignored her words, parking his car in the small lot at the side of the building.

"A gentleman doesn't drop a lady at the curb," he informed her, turning off the engine. "He walks her to her door."

"Didn't you say last night that you weren't a gentleman?"

He flashed a wicked smile. "I have my moments."

He certainly did.

A hot flash seared though Holly as she recalled some of his finer moments. His head between her legs. Him thrusting deep inside her as he whispered how good she felt...

Her face flamed.

Thank god he was busy sliding out of the car and rounding the hood to pull open her door.

By the time she was walking beside him, she'd managed to smooth her expression.

Using her key she opened the security door, and then they climbed the stairs to the second floor. She was acutely aware of the man who moved just a step behind her. His presence seemed to overpower the hallway despite its generous width and the arched ceilings that gave the building a Spanish flair.

She wrinkled her nose.

That was actually the first thing she'd noticed about Liam Conner. His sheer presence.

It was as if he carried a force-field around him that threatened to suck her in whenever he was near.

The next thing she'd noticed was his devastating beauty.

Even this morning, with his russet hair tousled and his firm jaw shadowed with a hint of a beard, he looked...edible.

Disturbed by the knowledge, she halted in front of her apartment and sent him a wary gaze.

She abruptly realized that she didn't want this man in her apartment.

Not because she resented the fact he'd bought the company she considered her own. Or because he was arrogant and annoying and far too fond of tossing out orders.

No. It was because this was supposed to be her sanctuary.

The one place she could go to put Liam Conner out of her mind.

To have the image of him wandering through her rooms and lounging on her furniture that was chosen for comfort rather than fashion would steal what little corner of peace she had left.

"You've done your duty," she informed him. "Now go away."

He clicked his tongue, reaching to take the key from her hand and efficiently unlock the door.

"Ungrateful brat," he chided, urging her over the threshold. "You can at least offer me coffee."

She glared over her shoulder as he pressed a hand to her lower back, giving him enough room to step inside.

"Do you ever take no for an answer?"

His lips twitched, the gold flecks in the emerald eyes more pronounced in the sunlight that filtered through the high, arched windows.

"That's a foolish question," he said.

She sighed. It was. This man had created a personal empire out of nothing.

No didn't figure into his vocabulary.

"Someday," she breathed, at last turning her attention toward her living room that was decorated in soothing shades of turquoise and tangerine. Her gaze, however, was swiftly captured by the stack of boxes that were piled in the center of the tiled floor. Wrapped in white and silver with large bows, they consumed an amazing amount of space. "Shit."

Yesterday she'd informed the reception staff to deliver the unopened presents to Ted. He was the one who'd jilted her. Why should she deal with the unpleasant duty of returning the gifts?

Now she could only assume that her ex-fiance had used his spare key last night to dump them here.

It was a childish act of vengeance.

But why?

It was his choice to abandon her at the altar. Why act as if he was the victim?

The raw, savagely painful humiliation she'd experienced while she'd stood in the small vestibule with her father impatiently pacing the floor and her bridesmaids watching her with growing pity, seared through her.

Oh...god.

She pressed a hand to her stomach, suddenly feeling like she was going to be sick.

Stepping forward, Liam stared at the stack of boxes with a grim fury, his hands clenched.

"What the hell is this?"

"Wedding presents." She pointed out the obvious, inanely sensing he was even more disturbed than she was by the unexpected sight.

"I know what they are, princess," he snarled. "What I don't understand is why they're here."

She hunched a shoulder, unconsciously backing away from the unwelcomed reminders of her aborted wedding.

Another failure...a treacherous voice whispered in the back of her mind.

"Someone will have to deal with them," she forced herself to mutter.

Perhaps sensing her distress, Liam turned his head to study her pale face with a perceptive gaze.

"Not you," he gruffly said, wrapping an arm around her shoulder and steering her out of the still open door. "And not today."

"What are you doing?" she demanded, instinctively falling into step beside him as they retraced their route through the hallway and down the stairs.

"Taking you to breakfast," he told her.

A strange emotion twisted her heart.

It wasn't the anger she should be feeling at his assumption that she would meekly accept his plans. Or even the embarrassment that he'd witnessed yet another shameful reminder that she'd been so publically revealed as unworthy.

It was fear.

Fear that she wanted to go with him.

That she was secretly thrilled at the thought that the night of mad pleasure didn't have to end.

"And it didn't occur to you that you might actually ask me if I want to go to breakfast with you?" she snapped as they exited the apartment building into the sun that was already warming the crisp morning air.

Liam came to a sudden halt, grabbing her shoulders so he could turn her to meet his scorching emerald gaze.

"Do you really want to go in that apartment right now?" he demanded.

She grimaced at the blunt question. "No."

"Do you want me to take you to your family?"

And endure Luc's outraged opinion of her former fiance? Or worse, her father's icy disapproval?

She shuddered. "No."

"Friends?"

"No."

"Then it's me," he ground out, tugging her toward the Mercedes.

She silently crossed the parking lot and allowed herself to be seated in the car. Liam was swiftly behind the wheel and driving them west of town.

Eventually Holly gave a slow shake of her head.

Just twenty-four hours ago she would have claimed that she was an efficient, highly independent woman who had a clear understanding of what she wanted from her life.

Now she had no idea what she wanted from her future, while the emotions she'd so proudly kept leashed were swinging from one extreme to another.

"I don't know what's wrong with me," she mumbled.

"There's nothing wrong with you," he growled, shooting her a fierce glare.

She blinked, distantly puzzled by his smoldering anger. It didn't seem directed at her. Still...it was odd.

"I feel like..." She struggled to find the words.

"Tell me."

"Like I'm in limbo," she at last said. "I can't seem to get my shit together." She shook her head in frustration. "It's stupid."

"Holly." He grimaced, turning his attention back to the road.

"What?"

"You've been through a traumatic experience," he reminded her. "Give yourself time to heal."

There was a slight hesitation that made her sense that hadn't been what he was going to say, but before she could press him, he turned into an upscale subdivision on the edge of town.

She frowned in confusion. "I thought we were going to breakfast?"

"We are."

He pulled to a halt in front of a brick, ranch-style home with a low, gabled roof and pretty marble fountain in the middle of the circular drive.

"Here?" she demanded in surprise.

Sliding from behind the steering wheel, he rounded the hood and helped her out of the car.

"Mary makes the best pancakes in town," he assured her.

"Mary?"

"My sister. Mary Magdalen Conner Black." He offered a rueful smile. "But don't tell her that I spilled the beans on her middle name. She'll break my nose." He lifted a hand to touch his slender nose. "Again."

Holly took an instinctive step away from his looming form, pressing her back against the expensive automobile.

His sister? Was he out of his mind?

Not only did she look like she'd just crawled out of bed after spending the night making mad, passionate love to this man, but you didn't take a woman to meet your sister.

Not unless...

Her brain couldn't even form the thought.

"I can't intrude on your family," she breathed.

He arched a brow at her obvious horror. "I'll warn you now that my family doesn't understand the word 'intrude.' We wander in and out of each other's lives without regard for privacy."

His words did nothing to comfort her.

"How many of your siblings live in Vegas?"

He shrugged. "All of them."

Holy shit. "Oh."

"Yeah." His lips twisted. "I know."

Before she could insist that they leave, the door to the house was slammed open and a tiny bundle of energy came hurtling in their direction.

"Liam." The female who looked to be in her late twenties had Liam's russet hair, although hers was pulled into a long ponytail, and the same strong features. Her eyes, however, were more hazel than green, and her mouth easily curved into a warm smile. With obvious affection she tossed herself into Liam's waiting arms, giving him a loving hug before she pulled away to study Holly with a searching gaze. "And Holly." She sent her brother a teasing smile. "It's about time you brought her around."

He rolled his eyes. "Behave yourself, imp."

Holly frowned in confusion. "I'm sorry, have we met?"

Mary chuckled. "Not officially, but I've seen your picture in the papers, and Liam speaks about you so often we all feel as if you're a part of the family."

Holly glanced toward Liam, startled to discover a line of red on his high cheekbones.

She'd known that he wanted her in his bed.

It wasn't as if he'd ever kept his desire a secret.

But the thought that he'd actually discussed her with his family was...

She waited for the anger. The outrage. The righteous indignation.

But it didn't come.

Instead, a dangerous warmth was beginning to replace the hollow sense of betrayal deep in her heart.

"Sisters," Liam muttered, shaking his head. "Can't live with them, can't drown them at birth."

"You know you love me," Mary teased.

With an easy familiarity that Holly deeply envied, Liam leaned down to kiss the tip of Mary's nose.

Although she'd developed a relationship with Luc over the past five years, Holly knew they would never be as close as siblings who'd been raised together.

"I do, but that doesn't mean I don't want to throttle you on occasion," Liam informed his sister.

With a chuckle, Mary turned to head toward the house. "Come in."

Reaching out, Liam threaded their fingers together as they followed the vivacious woman into the lovely home.

Holly had a fleeting glimpse of tiled floors, stucco walls, and rattan furniture as Mary headed directly into the large kitchen that overlooked the in-ground pool out back.

Casual and homey seemed to be Mary's motto, Holly decided.

Even her pretty yellow sundress was well worn, without one designer label in sight.

Not exactly what she would have expected from the sister of one of the richest men in the country, but Holly instantly liked her.

"Eric is in his office," Mary told Liam, moving to the stainless steel fridge to start pulling out eggs and milk. Clearly this wasn't the first time her older brother had stopped by expecting breakfast. "Go pester him."

Liam frowned. "Holly-"

"Will be fine with me," Mary firmly interrupted, sending Holly a wink.

Heaving a sigh, Liam headed toward the glass doors that led to the back patio.

"Fine," he conceded defeat. "But I expect blueberries in my pancakes."

Holly swallowed a rueful sigh as she watched him leave the kitchen.

She'd spent so long trying to turn Liam into the enemy, she'd refused to acknowledge his finer qualities.

She didn't want to see that he was always fair as a boss, that he was loyal to his staff, and generous to a number of charities.

And now she was being forced to realize he was also devoted to his family.

Damn.

That warmth in her heart began to spread.

She was in trouble.

***

The office that was built at the far side of the pool was private enough to avoid interruptions, but Liam was barely paying attention as Eric gave a brief overview of the latest accounts for Conner's Irish Pubs.

The blond-haired CPA had joined the business shortly after marrying Mary three years ago, and with his obvious drive and ambition he'd swiftly earned Liam's trust to take over the accounts for the pubs, while three of Liam's younger brothers and one sister were the day-to-day managers.

When Liam had impulsively promised Holly breakfast, he'd somehow thought he could kill two birds with one stone.

He could ensure Holly was distracted by his vivacious sister while he read through the tedious tax reports that Eric had been nagging at him to complete.

Unfortunately his concentration was shot to hell.

Damn Theodore Wentworth Junior.

The bastard just had to get in one last spiteful gesture.

When he tracked him down-and he would track him down-Liam intended to beat the shit out of the weasel.

At last reaching the end of the report, Liam hastily signed his name and shoved himself to his feet.

"Is that all?" he demanded with obvious impatience.

Eric rose from behind his desk, his blue eyes twinkling with humor.

"Would it matter?"

Liam headed toward the door. "No."

"You got it bad, bro," Eric teased, following Liam as he made a straight line across the patio to the nearby house.

Liam snorted. The one-time surfer boy had been wrapped around Mary's little finger for years.

"And you don't?"

Eric shrugged, a goofy smile curving his lips. "I was a goner the day Mary dumped the plate of corned beef in my lap when I pinched her ass."

Liam elbowed his friend in the side. "You're lucky I wasn't there."

Reaching the French doors, Liam unconsciously came to a halt, studying the dark-haired beauty who was seated at the breakfast bar, her head tilted back as she laughed at something his sister had said.

His chest tightened, the ache in his heart almost unbearable.

"She is lovely," Eric murmured, clapping Liam on the shoulder.

"She's more than that," he insisted. "She's intelligent, and loyal, and kindhearted and..." He forgot how to speak as she turned her head to stare directly at him.

"Sexy?" Eric prompted.

His cock went rigid, suddenly eager to have her alone.

At his apartment.

In his bed.

"Hell, yeah," he growled.

There was a beat before Eric cleared his throat. "Have you told her?"

Liam stiffened, turning his head to glare at his companion. "No."

Eric shook his head. "You're playing with fire, bro."

Liam shoved open the French door, knowing his brother-in-law was right, but determined to ignore the disaster that loomed just out of sight.

"Ah. I knew the scent of bacon would lure you out of hibernation," Mary teased, sending Holly a knowing smile. "It's an aphrodisiac to the male sex."

Coming behind Holly, Liam settled his hands on her shoulders and leaned down to whisper directly in her ear.

"Something to remember."

She tensed at his touch, but astonishingly, she tilted her head back to flash him a mysterious smile.

"Yeah, I'll keep that in mind..." There was a deliberate pause. "Lee-bean."

Swallowing his chuckle of delight at her teasing, Liam lifted his gaze to send a playful frown toward his sister.

"Traitor," he growled, knowing Mary had to have delighted in revealing his mother's name for him when he was a baby. "Silly family pet names are strictly off-limits. What else did you tell her?"

Mary blinked with faux innocence. "Every woman needs a little ammunition."

"Not Holly," he wryly assured his sister. The female had been tying him in knots for the past year. "She has more than her fair share of firepower without your help, thank you very much."

"I happen to find stories of your childhood fascinating," Holly assured him, her tone mocking.

Sliding one hand beneath the thick silk of her hair, Liam curled his fingers around her nape while his other hand cupped her chin, tilting back her face so he could place a slow, lingering kiss on her lips.

"Do you now," he drawled as he reluctantly lifted his head, studying her flushed features with a brooding gaze.

She shivered, sucking in a deep breath as she tried to act as if they weren't both going up in flames.

"I didn't grow up with any brothers or sisters. I can't imagine having a house with ten kids."

Mary snorted, her tone amused as Liam and Holly remained lost in one another's gaze.

"It was loud, messy, and occasionally violent," she assured Holly. "You can't imagine how many times I longed to be an only child."

"There's nothing to envy." The cognac eyes darkened with a remembered sadness. "It was lonely."

Liam's heart twisted, but before he could speak, Mary was reaching across the bar to pat Holly's hand.

"You don't have to worry about that anymore," she assured Holly. "Just wait until Ma gets ahold of you."

Panic tightened Holly's expression and Liam straightened to send his sister a warning glare.

"Enough. You're going to make her flee in terror." His attention shifted back to the woman who had turned his world upside down. "I just got her."

Her lips parted, something that might have been yearning darkening the cognac eyes.

"Liam."

Leaning down, he stole a tender kiss.

"Come with me."

CHAPTER FIVE

Come with me...

They were the last words that had been spoken as Liam had returned her to his Mercedes and sped toward the Strip.

Reaching the luxurious Angeli, a combination hotel and casino, he pulled to a halt in front of the glass doors. Tossing the keys to the valet, he helped Holly out of the car and headed into the black and silver foyer that was a signature of the Angeli brand.

Holly ignored the curious gazes as they rounded the front desk to enter the private elevator. Later she might be embarrassed to have been seen with her boss, headed to his private rooms, but right now nothing mattered but discovering more about this man who was swiftly becoming an obsession with her.

Stepping into the elevator, Liam used his key to take them to the top floor, his hand pressing against her lower back as the doors opened to reveal the penthouse suite.

Automatically she kicked off the flip flops that had been another gift from the Playhouse store before she stepped forward, taking in the silver and ivory living room that was surrounded by three walls of glass.

Not surprisingly, she'd never been up here.

Her father had preferred to live in a grand mansion several miles away from Vegas, leaving this penthouse for high-rollers or visiting VIPs. Now, her breath was wrenched from her lungs at the sheer beauty of the view.

Liam wrapped his hand around her fingers, tugging her to the side of the elevator toward the back of the apartment.

"I have something I want to show you," he murmured, his thumb brushing the inside of her wrist where her pulse was racing.

They bypassed the open kitchen that led to a small dining room, to move down a short hall, stopping at a closed door.

Half expecting to find herself in his bedroom, Holly arched a brow at the sight of a heavy walnut desk and walls hidden behind ceiling-high bookcases.

Leading her to the back of the room, he halted beside a long table that was covered by a thin cloth.

"What's this?" Holly demanded in confusion.

"I hope it's the future."

He grabbed the cloth, tugging it aside to reveal two 3D architectural models.

Instantly curious, Holly leaned forward, studying the tiny, perfectly detailed prototypes.

They were clearly casino hotels, but they were designed with a modern flair that her father would have detested.

Holly loved them.

She leaned closer, reading the small plaques at the bottom of the models.

"St. Louis. Biloxi." Straightening, she sent Liam a startled glance. "You intend to expand Angeli's?"

He shrugged, his expression oddly unreadable. "These wouldn't be Angeli."

"I don't understand."

"I want something we can build together," he said, his voice soft but filled with determination. "Something that has no taint of Vigo."

Her heart missed a beat.

"Together?"

He cupped her cheek in his hands, his gaze searing over her face as she struggled to accept his words.

"Full-fledged partners," he swore.

Holly found it ridiculously difficult to think.

It wasn't just the astoundingly generous offer. Or the knowledge that she could finally achieve her dreams.

It was his sheer belief in her ability to undertake such an enormous project.

Granted, her father had vaguely implied he might one day consider her worthy of taking his place, but it had never been about his confidence in her skill.

It'd been a power play to force Luc to return to his place as the rightful heir.

Vigo had never really bothered to see her as more than a weapon.

"I..." She had to halt and clear her throat. "I'm not sure what to say."

His thumb brushed her cheek, sending sparks of intense pleasure through her body.

"Then let me speak."

"Okay," she breathed.

"I came to Vegas with nothing but twenty bucks in my pocket. At the time, I didn't have any real goal beyond getting a roof over my head." He shrugged, his gaze focused on her mouth as she unconsciously peeked out her tongue to dampen her lips. "Eventually I discovered I had a talent for gambling. And more shockingly, the ability to turn my winnings into a successful business."

She resisted the urge to roll her eyes at his modesty. The man had gone from sleeping in his car to creating a dozen profitable restaurants, to owning the jewel in the crown of casinos.

And all before the age of thirty-five.

A hell of an accomplishment.

"Why Irish pubs?" she asked.

"I missed my ma's cooking," he said with a smile that could melt the Antarctic. Or her unexpectedly susceptible heart. "And I had nine brothers and sisters looking for employment. They became my first waitstaff, bartenders, and dishwashers."

She heaved an unconsciously wistful sigh. "Your parents must be very proud."

"They would have been just as proud if I'd stayed in Dublin and joined my father's construction company," he said without hesitation. "Their love has never been conditional."

Unlike her own father's, she silently acknowledged.

"When did you decide to buy Angeli's?"

"It didn't take long as a gambler to learn that the true money wasn't made at the tables, but by owning the tables," he explained. "And since Angeli's is the finest chain of casinos, I decided I wouldn't be satisfied until I owned them."

She hesitated before asking the question that had been on her mind since she'd first learned that Liam had purchased her father's business.

"Was I part of your climb to the top?"

His brows snapped together, almost as if he was outraged by the perfectly reasonable question.

Unfair.

Even if she was illegitimate, she'd spent her life being chased and flattered and flirted with because of her connection to Vigo Angeli.

Even Ted had hoped to use her as a means to convince Vigo to switch his massive wealth to Ted's investment bank.

Why wouldn't she have assumed that the hotshot immigrant gambler was looking for a way into Vegas society?

"No. You're not a trophy to me, princess," he rasped. "Hell, I'd have given anything if you hadn't been a part of Angeli's."

She blinked at his harsh tones. "Thanks."

He snorted, his fingers trailing over her cheeks, down the line of her jaw, his touch so gentle it made her knees weak.

"It has nothing to do with your abilities, princess," he chided. "No matter how much I might want you, I would never keep you in such a vital position if I didn't believe you are the most highly qualified person to do the job." He grimaced. "But we both know that I became your enemy the moment your father sold the business to me."

"I felt-"

"Betrayed?"

She nodded. "Yes. And unworthy." Her hands lifted to touch his broad chest, needing the feel of his solid form as the painful memories seared through her. "I fought so hard to earn his respect."

Slowly he lowered his head, kissing her with a gentle care.

"I'm sorry."

"For buying Angeli's?"

"No," he retorted with a blunt honesty. "If it hadn't been me, your father would have sold to someone else."

She winced. It was true.

As much as she'd wanted to blame Liam, deep inside she'd known she would never be a suitable replacement for Luc.

"Then what are you sorry for?"

His lips traced the line of her nose before sweeping over her brows, his touch offering an unexpected comfort even as a jolt of excitement clenched her stomach.

Astonishing, really.

She'd expected the heat. The passion. The breathtaking pleasure.

But never in a million years could she have suspected he could make her feel...cherished.

"That you were hurt when I took over the company and I have no way of making it better," he said softly, his lips settling at the corner of her mouth.

"It's not your fault."

He stilled, slowly lifting his head as he absorbed the full implication of her confession.

"It's not?"

"No."

Their gazes tangled, both of them sensing something profound had just altered between them.

Then, feeling oddly vulnerable, Holly forced a smile to her lips.

"Don't gloat."

His fingers smoothed the long strands of her hair over her shoulder before trailing down her arms to grasp her hands.

"Never," he assured her.

Holly believed him. Liam might tease and even torment on occasion, but he was never one to wallow in his own accomplishments.

"Luc warned me," she admitted.

"Warned you about what?"

"That my father was destined to disappoint me." She shrugged. "He said that Vigo Angeli had no interest in anyone but Vigo Angeli, and he was right. Nothing I've done has impressed him because he truly doesn't care."

He lifted her hand to press his lips to her fingers. "What about your mother?"

Holly had to battle her instinct to retreat from the blunt question.

Tory Sullivan had been twenty-one when she'd caught Vigo's roving eye and become his mistress. She'd done her best to try to be a mother, but the truth was she didn't want to be domesticated.

She enjoyed the lure of the bright lights and handsome men. Reading bedtime stories to her daughter was nothing but a bore as far as she was concerned.

Holly lowered her lashes, hiding her inner emotions.

"She never wanted a child, but she was smart enough to know that Vigo would pay if she kept me. I was a convenient meal ticket," she said, struggling to keep the bitterness from her voice. Her childhood hadn't been perfect, but it sure as hell was better than many kids had to endure.

He swore beneath his breath, pressing his lips to her forehead.

"Neither of them deserved to have you as a daughter."

She gave a sudden shake of her head. Dammit, she was done with self-pity.

Time to put on her big girl panties and move on.

"I'm done," she sharply announced.

Liam lifted his head to observe her with a brooding gaze. "What does that mean?"

"I officially retire my obsessive need to earn my father's approval."

He studied her for a long time before he pressed another kiss to her knuckles.

"Who knows what the future holds?" he said. "Perhaps someday Vigo will realize what he's missing."

She rolled her eyes.

Yeah, and she'd probably win the lottery.

Both had about the same odds of coming true.

She gave a lift of her shoulder. "Maybe, but I truly don't care."

"Hmm." He didn't look entirely convinced, but clearly accepting she was finished with the subject, he stepped closer, wrapping his arms around her waist. "What would you like to do today?"

Her mouth went dry as desire rushed through her like a wildfire.

She knew exactly what she wanted.

A soft bed and this man naked.

It didn't matter that they'd spent the entire night sating their need. Or that there was a voice in the back of her mind warning that her entire relationship with this man had fundamentally altered during the past twenty-four hours.

She wanted him.

End of story.

Heat flushed her cheeks as she cleared her throat.

"What do you mean?"

His brows arched, a teasing grin curving his lips.

"If you could choose to do anything, what would it be?"

He knew. The aggravating beast. He knew exactly what she was thinking, but he was going to make her say the words.

Instead, she deliberately glanced at the clock on the wall.

"Don't you have to work?"

***

Liam allowed his hands to lower, cupping her ass so he could tug Holly against his hardening cock.

He'd sensed the second that Holly's thoughts had turned to sex.

It'd been visible in the darkening of her cognac eyes and the faint flush on her cheeks.

And he was more than happy to indulge her simmering desire.

Hell, happy didn't begin to express his eagerness.

But while he was all for a day spent indulging in their mutual need, he knew that he wanted more.

He had her body. Now he wanted her heart.

"I think the boss will give me the day off," he teased.

Almost as if sensing the sudden intensity of his emotions, Holly began an instinctive retreat.

"Actually I should-"

"No."

"Excuse me?"

His gaze skimmed down to the curve of her breasts, lingering on the nipples that hardened beneath the feral heat of his inspection.

"I don't want to know what you should do. I want to hear what you want to do," he said, his voice thick.

She licked her lips. "You could tell me about your plans for expansion."

He groaned, his gaze locked on her mouth.

He'd felt those soft lips stroking over his chest...pleasuring his nipples.

How would they feel locked around his cock?

Paradise.

He was forced to clear his throat. "Our plans," he corrected. "And we can discuss them when we're at work. Today is for enjoyment." He pressed her hard against his thick erection. "Tell me what you want."

She bit her bottom lip, blatantly torn between desire and the fear of what he was truly demanding.

"I don't know."

He smiled. "Admit that you want to ravish me."

She trembled, her eyes darkening to gold. "Did you really just say ravish?"

"Okay." Without warning, he grasped the hem of her shirt and tugged it over her head. No bra. Perfect. "Admit that you want to make mad, passionate love to me."

She quivered as his hands cupped the soft weight of her breasts in his hands, his thumbs teasing her nipples to hard nubs.

"Sex," she breathed.

"No." He held her wary gaze, refusing to let her diminish what was between them. "When we're together, we make love," he insisted, his voice fierce. "Love."

Predictably, she paled at his blunt confession.

He smiled wryly. He'd made no effort to hide his obsession with her. Or his desire for a relationship.

Still, she'd been determined to disregard his interest as a shallow sexual attraction.

"Liam," she finally managed to choke out. "You can't be serious."

"Of course I can." He shrugged, deciding to go all in. He was a gambler, after all. "The men in my family are notorious for recognizing the women they intend to marry at first sight."

Her breath rasped loudly through the air, her eyes wide.

"Oh...shit," she rasped.

"I'm not trying to pressure you," he assured her. "I just want you to know where I want this to go."

"And if I'm not ready?" she husked, shuddering as his hands glided down her bare back.

He brazenly tugged down the shorts, a growl wrenching from his throat at the tiny thong that had a Playhouse emblem directly over her clit.

Sweet.

"Then I'll wait until you are," he said, his voice distracted as he gave a tug on her thong and watched it float to the floor. A smile curved his lips as she gasped in need. "I have no doubt you'll eventually realize we're destined to be together."

She shivered, heat blazing through her eyes as she watched him unbutton his shirt and shrug it off.

"Arrogant," she accused.

"Confident," he countered. "I know when a woman wants me."

He kicked off his shoes, swiftly ridding himself of the rest of his clothing.

Over the past twelve months he'd tortured himself with fantasies of making love to this woman in every room of his home.

He intended to start with this office.

Sensual anticipation flowed through his veins like warm honey as he grasped her around the waist and carried her to the nearby desk. Perching her on the edge, he tugged her legs apart, his body clenching as she instinctively arched her back in silent invitation.

"Fine, we're sexually compatible," she conceded.

He shook his head.

Was she kidding?

He craved her with an intensity that was terrifying.

And it didn't matter how many times they made love. It would never ease his need for her.

"It's not just compatible," he growled, his hands exploring the inner skin of her thighs. "We set each other on fire."

Holly studied him with an unconsciously vulnerable expression.

"Sex isn't the same as love."

Liam gave a low groan, pressing his lips to the pulse beating at the base of her throat.

"You think I don't know the difference?" he rasped. "Trust me, I wouldn't have spent the past year in hell if it'd just been sex."

"Trust."

Slowly he pulled back, his expression somber. "Yes, princess. I'm asking for your trust."

"I'm not sure I can. I..." She struggled to form the word. "I can't bear to be hurt. Not again."

"I get it, I truly do," he told her. "Just give me a chance, princess."

His mind fogged as she wrapped her legs around his waist, her hands flat on the desk as she studied him from beneath half-lowered lashes.

"Enough talking, Mr. Conner." Her smile was pure female temptation. "I'm ready for some action."

Oh...hell yeah.

"Sweet Holly," he breathed, feeling oddly unnerved as he buried his face in the curve of her neck and began a thorough exploration of her naked body. "You're going to be the death of me."

Nuzzling at her throat, he allowed one hand to linger on her breast while the other blazed a path down the flat planes of her stomach.

She hissed in pleasure, her head dropping back as his searching fingers at last found her clit.

"I think it's more likely you're going to be the death of me," she complained as he teased her tender bud of flesh, his touch too light to bring her to climax.

He shifted his head to suck her nipple, even as he slid one finger into the damp entrance of her body. She moaned in encouragement, her legs tightening around his waist.

Death suddenly seemed a reasonable price to pay to feel this woman shuddering against him, Liam decided.

Concentrating on the sensation of his finger penetrating her with a slow thrust, he used his teeth on the tip of her nipple.

Holly made a small sound of pleading, her body bowing as if she was nearing her orgasm.

Needing to feel her convulsing around his cock, he reached down to position himself, entering her with one powerful thrust.

"I love you, princess," he breathed, lifting his hips until he was buried so deep inside that it felt as if they were truly one.

"Liam," she groaned, her voice unsteady as she met his fierce gaze.

A tender rush of emotion flooded through him at the tentative hope that he could see shimmering in the depths of her cognac eyes.

It was the sort of feeling that made males sacrifice everything to hold on to.

"Believe in me, Holly," he groaned, pumping into her with a slow, measured pace. "Believe in us."

"I..."

"Shh." He halted her protest, searing away the words with a kiss that came from his very soul. "Just let me love you."

CHAPTER SIX

Holly struggled to catch her breath as Liam rolled to the side, gathering her into his arms.

"Damn," he growled, pressing his lips to her damp forehead. "That was...mind-blowing."

It had been.

Over the past four hours they'd made love in Liam's office, the kitchen, and now in the massive bed that consumed a large part of the master bedroom.

And each time had only increased her pleasure.

It was insane.

With any other man she would have assumed that it was because he was discovering what turned her on.

God knew that his touch was magic.

But if she was being honest she would admit it wasn't skill that made her heart pound and her body melt with need. It was his raw emotion that added an indefinable beauty to each kiss, each caress.

An emotion that she could no longer deny was echoed deep inside her.

She loved this man.

And she had from the beginning.

Easily sensing her sudden tension, Liam lifted his head to study her with a searching gaze.

"Holly?"

"I..." The words stuck in her throat.

It was all too soon.

Being jilted. Tumbling into bed with Liam.

Having her heart stripped bare.

She needed time to adjust.

Time and a very large prescription for Prozac.

With a rueful smile, Liam dropped a light kiss on her lips and scooted out of the bed.

"I need a shower," he said. "Why don't you call down and order lunch from room service?"

Forcing her tense muscles to relax, she sucked in a deep breath.

There was no reason to freak out.

So, she had...feelings.

Intense, potentially life-altering feelings.

But in this minute she didn't have to worry about anything but enjoying her day.

And the view.

Especially the view, she silently acknowledged, her gaze taking a slow, appreciative inspection of his naked body.

Heat combusted in the pit of her stomach, her hands tingling at the memory of exploring those hard, chiseled muscles.

Damn but he was fine.

She cleared her throat. No mauling the delectable male.

Not until she had food in her rumbling belly.

"Do I actually get to eat this time?" she lightly teased.

Something that might have been relief flared through his eyes before he was sending her a teasing smile.

"I make no promises, princess."

He headed into the attached bathroom, and scrambling off the mattress, Holly grabbed her clothes and rushed into the guest room to take a quick shower.

She didn't doubt for a minute that Liam would happily have welcomed her into his own shower, but there was no way they'd ever get to lunch if she got her hands on him.

With a grimace she pulled on her wrinkled shorts and top.

Very soon she was going to return to her apartment and get her own clothes. Then these were going in the trash.

Calling down to the kitchen, she ordered two club sandwiches and a plate of fries for Liam and a side salad for herself, then, moving to gaze out the glass wall that overlooked the Strip, she deliberately kept her thoughts from straying beyond the penthouse.

At some point she was going to have to deal with the wedding gifts that were piled in her living room, and cancelling the tickets for the Bahamas cruise she'd booked as a surprise for their honeymoon. But those were worries for the future.

For now she intended to enjoy each moment as it happened.

The chime of a bell had her arching her brows in surprise. That was fast. Like, sonic fast.

Of course, being the owner of the hotel no doubt leapfrogged your lunch order to the top of the stack.

Moving across the floor, she pushed the button to open the elevator doors, her stomach growling at the thought of snatching a few fries off Liam's plate before he got out of the shower.

A fine plan, except for the fact it wasn't room service who came storming out of the elevator. Instead it was a dark-haired man with bronzed skin and black eyes that were smoldering with an unmistakable fury.

Luc Angeli.

Her half-brother.

Belatedly noticing her gawking at him from the edge of the elevator, Luc came to a halt midstride, his eyes widening in shock.

"Holly?"

"Luc?" She gave a slow shake of her head. When her brother had walked away from Angeli, he'd sold all his shares of stock as well. Just another thing that had pissed off Vigo. So why would he be in Liam's penthouse? "What are you doing here?"

"Me?" he growled, his dark brows pulled together in a scowl. Even casually dressed in jeans and a cotton shirt, he oozed arrogance. "What the hell are you doing here?"

She planted her hands on her hips, meeting him glare for glare.

She'd be damned if she let him make her feel ashamed.

"Not that it's any of your business, but I'm about to have lunch with Liam," she said.

He sucked in a sharp breath. "Here?"

"Yes, here."

The dark eyes narrowed, focusing on her damp hair and flushed cheeks. "Did you spend the night with him?"

She pressed her lips together. She'd wasted her entire life regretting the fact that she didn't have a relationship with Luc and her elusive half-sister, Shelby. There were times, however, when her brother could be a bossy pain in the ass.

"Again, none of your business," she said.

"That bastard." Luc clenched his hands, taking a step toward the living room. "I'm going to break his fucking neck."

Holly rushed forward, planting her hands flat on her brother's chest.

"You certainly are not."

His gaze scanned the living room. "Where is he?"

"Luc, what's wrong with you?"

"What do you think is wrong?" His gaze moved back to take in her short shorts and T-shirt, lingering on the unmistakable Playhouse logo just over her left breast. "You're standing here, half-dressed, in his penthouse."

A blush touched her cheeks. Okay. He had the right to criticize her clothes.

They really were dreadful.

But not her choice to be with Liam.

"And?"

"He took advantage of you."

"Are you kidding me?" She blinked. Even for Luc, who'd turned out to be an overly protective brother, this was a crazy talk. "We aren't living in the dark ages and I'm not some shrinking virgin who can't defend herself," she snapped. "No one took advantage of me."

He studied her for a long minute, his expression guarded. "Then he told you what he did?"

Holly dropped her hands, taking a step back. There was something in Luc's tone that sent a chill down her spine.

"What do you mean?"

He hesitated before folding his arms over his chest. "I just had a most interesting chat with your ex-fiance."

Holly stiffened. Dammit. The last thing she wanted was Luc getting into a fight with Ted.

Her ex-fiance might be a jackass, but he was still a partner in one of the most reputable investment banks in Nevada. Which meant that Luc often used them during the course of his business.

"Why were you meeting with Ted?"

He held her gaze. "Don't ask foolish questions."

"Did you hurt him?"

He shrugged. "Not as much as I wanted to."

She rolled her eyes, pretending that she didn't feel a tiny stab of satisfaction.

Hey, she was human enough to take pleasure in thinking of her ex-fiance going to work with two black eyes and a broken nose.

"God save me from arrogant men," she forced herself to mutter.

Luc was unrepentant. "The bastard jilted you."

"I know what he did." She grimaced. "I was there, remember?"

"I wanted a firsthand explanation why."

She wrapped her arms around her waist. She didn't want to discuss Ted. Or their aborted wedding.

Hell, she wanted to forget she'd ever been engaged.

"He did it because he's a self-centered jackass," she hissed.

"He is that," Luc readily agreed. "But he claims that he was threatened not to attend the wedding."

Threatened not to attend?

Had the idiot started making up conspiracy theories to keep Luc from beating the crap out of him?

"I..." She licked her dry lips. "I don't understand."

"He was warned that if he married you his business would be destroyed."

"That's ridiculous. Who would..." Her words trailed away as a horrid suspicion began to form in the back of her mind.

No.

It couldn't be.

"Liam Conner," Luc snarled, confirming her sudden fear.

"He's lying," a harsh male voice said from behind her.

She was on the point of turning when Luc surged forward.

"You bastard."

"Luc, no," she cried, pushed to the side as Luc launched himself at Liam.

Her brother managed to get in a punch to Liam's jaw, knocking his head backward before Liam had his arms wrapped around the smaller man, slamming him against the wall.

"If you want to fight, we'll fight," Liam growled, his dark hair still damp from the shower and his tense body covered by a pair of khaki shorts and pale blue cotton shirt. "But we'll do it later. Right now I need to speak with Holly."

Luc released a curse, but catching sight of Holly's pale face, he gave a slow nod.

"Later."

Liam slowly stepped back, unconsciously rubbing his bruised jaw.

"Can we have some privacy?"

Luc shook his head. "No."

"Christ." Turning, Liam stepped toward Holly, his expression impossible to read. "Let me explain."

Holly held up her hand, warning him not to come any closer.

She was desperately trying to think clearly. Having him close would make that impossible.

She waited for him to come to a grudging halt before speaking.

"You said that Ted was lying."

Liam shoved his hands in the front pockets of his shorts, his expression composed, although there was no missing his clenched jaw and the rigidity of his body.

"I never threatened his business," he said with a hint of disgust. "He has a hundred employees that depend on him for a paycheck."

Perhaps naively, Holly believed him.

Liam had a genuine concern for people who struggled to make it from paycheck to paycheck.

She couldn't imagine any scenario where he would deliberately put them out of work. Not in this economy.

"But..." She had to stop and clear her throat. "You did threaten him?"

He gave a small dip of his head. "Yes."

"I'm going to kill you," Luc growled from behind them.

Holly never allowed her gaze to stray from Liam's lean face, inanely noting it looked ashen in the afternoon sunlight.

"Why?" she breathed.

With jerky motions he moved toward a low, polished coffee table in front of the couch. Bending down he yanked open a narrow drawer and pulled out a manila folder. Then, pausing to draw in a deep breath, he straightened to return to Holly.

"Because of this," he said, flipping open the folder and grabbing a glossy eight-by-ten picture.

He held it out, not insisting she take it and not trying to keep it from her.

The decision of whether she learned the truth was entirely up to her.

Her gut twisted with a sickening sense of premonition.

There was a painful silence as Holly wavered between gruesome curiosity and the absolute certainty that she didn't want to see what was in the file.

Finally she reached to snatch the photo out of his hand, her brows drawing together as she studied the close-up of a pretty young woman with brown hair and pale blue eyes.

"Who is this?" she demanded in confusion.

"Your beloved fiance's mistress," Liam said, his voice tight.

She jerked her head up to meet his steady gaze. "Mistress?"

"What the hell?" Luc growled, moving to stand at her side.

Holly ignored her brother, instead concentrating on the massive task of maintaining her composure.

"I didn't expect him to be a virgin," she managed to rasp. "I'm sure you've had plenty of women in your past."

Liam reached into the file folder of pain and pulled out another photo, handing it to Holly.

"This was taken three days ago."

Holly impatiently glanced at the image of the brown-haired woman stepping out of a brick building with Ted at her side. Her former-fiance had one arm around her shoulders and one hand on her stomach.

Her very large stomach.

Holly made a small sound of distress. "She's pregnant."

"It's their second child," Liam admitted, offering her yet another photo.

This one was of Ted in a small park as he pushed a young boy on a swing.

The photos fell from her fingers as Holly suddenly felt as if she was being smothered.

It wasn't as if she'd ever thought that she and Ted shared some grand, epic love. Still...

How could he play the devoted fiance while he was creating a family with another woman?

It was obscene.

"I don't understand," she at last managed to choke out. "If he loves this woman enough to have children with her, why would he marry me?"

Liam tossed the rest of the file on a chair behind him.

"Because she's a waitress at the local diner and you're Vigo Angeli's daughter."

***

Liam was furious.

With Theodore Wentworth Junior and his damned games.

With fate that had chosen to steal the happiness that had bubbled through him like the finest champagne until Luc had come barging into the apartment.

But most of all, with himself.

He was a gambler. He never bet against the odds.

Except when it came to this female.

And now his dreams were threatening to go bust.

Curling his hands into tight fists so he didn't do something stupid like throw Holly over his shoulder and lock her in his bedroom, he waited for her to at last break the brittle silence.

"How long?" she husked.

He frowned. "What?"

Her cognac eyes glittered with tears she refused to shed. "How long have you known?"

He flinched. Christ. It felt as if someone was twisting a knife in his gut.

Or maybe he was just wishing he could be stabbed.

It would be less painful.

"Since the two of you became engaged." He forced himself to admit the truth.

There would be no more lies.

She flinched, her hand pressed to her chest. "And you didn't tell me?"

"Would you have believed me?" he demanded. "Or would you have assumed I was just trying to cause trouble?"

Her jaw clenched, revealing she was in no mood to accept his perfectly reasonable explanation.

"So you let me make a fool of myself for months?"

Liam glanced toward the silent Luc.

"It was your family's place to make sure your fiance was worthy of you," he said.

Luc grimaced. "He's right. I failed you."

"This has nothing to do with you." Holly waved a silencing hand toward her brother, unconsciously looking as imperious as Vigo as she faced Liam with her chin high and her pale face hard with a stubborn expression. "How did you get the file?" she demanded of Liam.

He shrugged. "I hired a private investigator."

"Why?"

"You know why."

She frowned, but she didn't try to pretend as if she didn't realize he'd been fiercely determined to lure her away from Ted from the beginning.

"You just said you didn't use the file because you didn't think that I would believe you."

"I said I didn't intend to show it to you," he clarified, his hand lifting to touch her, only to be yanked back when she took a sharp step away. Shit. He flinched, regret slicing through him like a dagger. "But I'd hoped that the bastard would grow some balls and do the right thing. When he didn't, I paid him a visit and warned him that if he didn't confess the truth I was handing the file over to his father."

Holly frowned. "Why would you send it to his father?"

Liam arched a startled brow. Hell, had Holly not realized why she'd been chosen as Ted's bride?

He swallowed a curse. As if he needed to be the bearer of even more bad news.

"Theodore the Senior has been obnoxiously obsessed with his desire to climb the social ladder," Liam grudgingly revealed. "His son is well aware he would be disinherited if he showed up for Sunday dinner with a woman who has nothing to offer the Wentworth clan beyond her obvious fertility."

Her teeth sank into her bottom lip, pain darkening her eyes as she abruptly turned to pace toward the glass wall.

"God."

"Holly, please," he husked, not sure what he was pleading for.

Understanding. Forgiveness. A second chance.

"You let me get into my wedding dress and wait with two hundred guests for a groom who was never going to show up." She slowly turned to reveal her accusing expression. "Do you know how embarrassing that was?"

Liam grimaced. "I truly thought he would call off the wedding, princess. I never dreamed he would be enough of a bastard to simply not show up."

A sharp, humorless laugh was wrenched from her throat. "What is it with me?" she demanded, her voice thick with tears. "Is there any man who isn't going to betray me?"

Liam recoiled, feeling as if he'd taken a physical blow. "I never betrayed you."

The cognac eyes blazed with fury. "You let me be publically humiliated and then you swooped in like some knight in shining armor and convinced me you genuinely cared."

Hell. When she put it like that...

"I do care," he rasped. "I love you."

She made a sound of disgust, heading toward the elevator. "If that's your idea of love, you can keep it."

"Holly."

She stabbed the button that opened the steel doors. Entering the elevator, she turned to send him a warning glare.

"Just stay away from me."

Liam was in instant pursuit. He understood her need to get away from him, but she was in no condition to be on her own.

Not when she was so upset.

But he'd barely managed more than two steps when his arm was being grabbed in a painful grip.

"Let her go," Luc commanded.

Liam sent his companion a death glare. "Fuck that."

"That wasn't a suggestion," Luc warned, his fingers digging into Liam's arm with enough force to leave bruises.

He hissed as the elevator doors closed, whisking Holly away from him.

"Damn you," he snarled. "She needs me."

"Right now she needs some time to cool down and think clearly," Luc warned.

He was right.

Holly was too hurt to listen to his frantic justifications.

That didn't, however, make it any easier to let her walk away.

"You just want to keep us apart," he accused the man who was looking at him as if sizing him up for a coffin.

"Is there a reason I shouldn't want to protect my sister?"

"I'm not the one you need to protect her from," Liam pointed out in rough tones.

He was a long way from forgiving the Angeli clan for not bothering to stop the engagement.

"You hurt her," Luc accused.

Liam jerked his arm free. "That was never my intention," he muttered.

His companion wasn't impressed. "Why didn't you just tell her the truth?"

In hindsight it was the obvious solution.

At the time he'd been terrified of losing her.

"She already blamed me for stealing the company she thought was going to be hers," he said, shoving his fingers through his damp hair.

Luc breathed a curse. "It was never going to be hers. I told her that Vigo was playing games with her."

Liam grimaced, remembering Holly's heartbreakingly fragile expression when she discussed her prick of a father.

"You know that, and I know that, but she's spent her entire life feeling as if she was on the outside looking in. She wanted to believe that she'd finally earned a place in her family."

Luc gave a sharp shake of his head, his face hard with disgust.

"Trust me, being on the outside is the perfect place to be when it comes to my dysfunctional family."

"Holly only knows that she wasn't considered good enough to live with her father in his big mansion, or to be asked over for Christmas dinner," Liam said, unable to understand any father who would use his children as if they were pawns on a chessboard. His own dad might not have had a fortune to pass along to his kids, but he'd loved them with a fierce devotion that meant more than any amount of money. "So when she thought he was going to name her as his heir, it made her feel as if she'd finally won a place in his heart."

"The bastard doesn't have a heart," Luc informed him.

"Yeah well, she blamed me for snatching away her chance at happiness." His jaw clenched as he remembered her explosive fury when it was announced that Vigo had sold his company to none other than Liam Conner. Thank god she had never been a big fan of carrying concealed weapons. "Can you imagine how she would have reacted if I'd been the one to tell her that her perfect fiance was screwing around with another woman?"

"Fine. I get it," Luc grudgingly conceded. "But why didn't you come to me?"

Liam turned to pace toward the kitchen, reaching into his fridge to pull out two beers.

It was early, but hell, if he ever needed alcohol it was now.

"Believe it or not, I fell in love with Holly the night I met her," he admitted, returning to his companion to offer him one of the bottles.

They both took a minute to enjoy the crisp beer before Luc heaved a resigned sigh.

"Actually I do believe you." He polished off the beer and set the bottle on a nearby table. "Did you tell Holly?"

"She knew." Liam twisted his lips in a rueful smile. There was no one in the room the night they met that hadn't been aware of his stunned fascination with the dark-haired beauty. "But I'm a gambler from a family that doesn't have a drop of blue blood. She was convinced that princely Theodore was the husband that would impress Vigo."

"The worthless son of a bitch," Luc growled.

"She refused to admit that we were destined to be together. I wanted-" Liam bit off his words.

Luc narrowed his gaze. "What?"

Liam hesitated. He wasn't pumped about the idea of revealing his most intimate thoughts to anyone, let alone a man who was virtually a stranger.

But wasn't a fool.

Luc Angeli could be his biggest obstacle or his greatest ally when it came to winning Holly's forgiveness.

"I wanted her to come to me," he said, scrubbing his hands over his face. God, he missed Holly. Even though they'd shared less than twenty-four hours together, he'd become accustomed to having her near. Now he didn't know where she was. Or even if she was okay. Dammit. "To accept that she loved me without having to expose Theodore. Foolish, I suppose."

"No, not foolish. Hell, I even admire the sentiment," Luc assured him. "But right now you have to hope she can forgive you long enough to explain."

Liam turned, and with one violent jerk of his arm sent the empty beer bottle sailing into the fireplace.

It exploded into a thousand shards, representing the pieces of his broken heart.

"Shit," he breathed.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Holly ordered the taxi to take her to the Playhouse.

In part, because she was afraid that Liam would follow her to her apartment. But mainly because she needed the comfort of her best friend.

Thank god Sasha had come in early to deal with paperwork.

With her usual efficiency she had Holly whisked into her small office and a plate of fudge brownies shoved into her hands.

Now Holly paced the hand-woven carpet that matched the surprisingly delicate Louis XIV furnishings. The rest of the club was so...modern and bold and intensely sensual. It was always a shock to get a glimpse of the traditional, hardheaded businesswoman beneath the dominatrix facade.

"Men suck," Holly muttered, licking the chocolate from her fingers.

She'd had three brownies, but everyone knew that the calories didn't count when a man had pissed you off.

Leaning against the desk, Sasha was casually dressed in yoga pants and oversized T-shirt.

Her usual uniform of black leather and tight bustier would be put on before the customers started to arrive.

"Preaching to the choir, sister," she assured Holly.

Holly turned to pace to the other end of the office. "A woman would have to be an idiot to trust them."

"True."

"They claim to love you and then..." With a dramatic motion, Holly slammed her fist into the palm of her hand. "Bam."

"Love?" Sasha didn't bother to hide the shock in her voice. "Are you referring to Liam?"

Holly glanced at her friend in confusion. "Of course."

"He actually said the L word?"

A renegade warmth flooded through Holly's heart at the memory of Liam's expression as he'd insisted he loved her. He'd looked so...fierce. So desperate for her to believe him.

Abruptly she slammed the door on the painful image.

"Focus, Sasha," she snapped, speaking more to herself than her friend. "He set me up to be jilted."

"Technically, Ted was the one who jilted you," Sasha gently pointed out. "The selfish dick."

Holly halted her pacing to glare at her supposed friend.

What was wrong with the woman?

She'd come here for a thorough, epic male-bashing session.

"You're not defending him, are you?" she asked.

Sasha reached for a brownie, nibbling at the corner. "No, I'm just pointing out that it wasn't Liam who asked you to be his wife while he was making babies with his mistress. Or decided to make a fool of you by not showing up for his own wedding."

Okay. It was true that Liam hadn't been the one to jilt her. But he was at least partially responsible for her being so publically humiliated.

"He should have told me," she said.

"Absolutely," Sasha readily agreed.

"Instead he-"

"Gave you a night of mad, crazy passion and told you he loved you?" her companion interrupted with an overly innocent smile.

Holly threw her hands up in exasperation. "Sasha."

"Sorry."

Holly frowned. Her friend didn't sound very damned sorry.

In fact, Holly was beginning to suspect that Sasha was feeling unexpected sympathy toward Liam.

"You don't think I have a right to be angry?" she demanded.

"Hell, a woman always has a right to be angry," she assured Holly. "And I totally intend to kick Liam's ass when I see him. He should have told me what Junior was up to. I wouldn't have hesitated to share the jackass's secret life."

Holly grimaced. She didn't doubt for a minute that Sasha would have relished the opportunity to expose Ted as a faithless, spineless, pathetic worm.

"That I believe."

Sasha took another bite of brownie. "Did you tell him that you loved him?"

Holly stiffened at the unexpected question. "What?"

"You said that Liam confessed his love," Sasha pressed. "Did you say it back?"

What the hell? Holly shifted from foot to foot, feeling ridiculously exposed.

"What makes you think I love him?"

Sasha lifted her brows. "Don't you?"

Damn. This wasn't going at all like it was supposed to.

Well, the brownies were predictable. And no doubt Sasha had a bottle of vodka chilling in the small fridge next to the bar.

But instead of jumping onto the we-hate-Liam bandwagon, her friend was bringing up all sorts of stuff she didn't want to think about.

"He makes me crazy," she at last confessed.

"Good crazy or bad crazy?"

Holly wrinkled her nose. "Both."

"And that scares you?"

Scared her? It terrified her on a bone-deep level.

"Yes."

Sasha swallowed the last of her brownie before licking the chocolate from her lips.

"Why?"

It was a question that Holly had never been able to answer.

Oh, she had a dozen excuses.

Beyond the fact he'd taken her father's business, he was too arrogant. Too bossy. Too vibrantly male.

But over the past few hours she'd been forced to acknowledge the real reason she'd found him so frightening.

"Because he matters."

Sasha frowned at the unmistakable edge in Holly's voice.

"Why would that scare you?"

She hunched her shoulders, suddenly wishing she hadn't eaten so many brownies.

She had a queasy sensation in the pit of her stomach.

"I always knew that my father never truly loved me, so when he walked away it hurt, but it didn't destroy me," she admitted, slowly returning to her pacing. "And the same was true with Ted. I was embarrassed at being jilted, but it didn't touch my heart. But Liam-"

Her words were cut off as there was a sudden buzz through the intercom. They both turned to glance at the monitor on the wall that revealed the iron gates in front of the club.

Holly's heart skipped a beat, her breath ragged as she caught sight of the impossibly beautiful man with russet hair and a lean face that was tight with obvious strain.

"Speak of the devil," Sasha smirked. She pressed a button on her desk. "We're closed."

Liam tilted back his head, searching for the hidden camera. "I know that Holly's here."

Holly frowned, wondering how the hell he'd managed to follow her.

Then she gave an exclamation of disgust.

The uniformed doorman had been helping her into the taxi when she'd given the address to the Playhouse. Clearly he'd passed along the information to his employer.

A mysterious smile played around Sasha's lips as she glanced toward Holly's pale face.

"She doesn't want to talk with you."

Liam grabbed the bars of the gate, his voice harsh. "I just need to make sure that she's okay."

"Maybe you should have thought about that before you shoved a knife in her back," Sasha drawled.

"Damn it." Liam forced himself to leash his anger, his knuckles white as he gripped the bars he clearly wanted to bust through. "Just tell me that she's okay and I'll go away."

"Well?" Sasha demanded of Holly.

Holly bit her bottom lip.

She'd been furious when she'd fled Liam's penthouse.

More than that, she'd been ashamed.

Not just because he'd kept the truth about Ted from her. But because he'd known her so well he'd realized that she'd eagerly blame him for revealing her ex-fiance's treachery rather than face the truth of her feelings for him.

She'd been a coward, too afraid of being hurt to expose her heart.

"I'll talk to him." She grudgingly gave in to the inevitable.

Sasha pushed the button that would allow the gates to open.

"Come to the office," she commanded Liam, before moving to place a hand on Holly's arm. "If you need me just give a shout. I haven't had the chance to kick anyone's ass all week."

Holly watched her friend sashay from the room with a wry smile.

She could only wish she had Sasha's confidence.

Maybe then she wouldn't have made such a freaking mess of her life.

Certainly she wouldn't have wasted so many years trying to earn the love of a man who didn't know the meaning of the word.

With a shake of her head she moved to the center of the office, prepared when Liam burst into the room.

She wasn't prepared, however, for him to charge forward, wrapping his arms tightly around her.

"Please, let me hold you," he muttered as she stiffened in shock. "I need to feel you in my arms."

Tentatively her hands lifted to his shoulders, her body instinctively arching toward him.

"I'm still pissed," she warned, ignoring the fact that she'd already ruined her image of feminine outrage by clinging to him like a barnacle.

"I know." He buried his face in her hair, his hands running a compulsive path up and down her spine. "I completely screwed up."

"You did."

"And I intend to make it up to you," he swore.

"How?"

He slowly lifted his head, his expression somber. "Tell me what you need," he urged. "I'll do whatever you demand to earn your forgiveness."

"Will you walk away?" she asked in soft tones.

"No." The denial came without hesitation. "That I can't do." His hand cupped her cheek, his thumb tracing her lower lip. "I'm sorry, princess, but I'll never leave you. Not so long as there's even a chance I can win your heart."

It was exactly what she needed to hear.

Something inside her melted as Liam held her gaze, his expression stark with determination.

This man was nothing like her father.

Or Ted.

He wasn't with her because he could use her for some hidden agenda. All he wanted from her was her heart.

Her hands shifted to tangle in his hair, the last of the wariness seared away by the soul-deep emotion that openly blazed in his eyes.

"Then love me," she pleaded.

He blinked. Then blinked again. "Holly?"

"That's all I need from you."

"Christ." Swooping down, he seared her lips in a kiss of blatant possession. "I've waited so long."

Holly shivered, a joy she never even knew existed exploding through her body.

"Do you still have the key to our room upstairs?" she whispered against his lips. "I have a sudden desire for handcuffs and blindfolds."

The words had barely left her lips when she was being scooped off her feet and carried out of the office.

"I'll kick down the damned door if I have to," he growled.

Holly chuckled. "Very manly."

He held her gaze as they moved through the empty club.

"Nothing is going to stop me from being with you, princess," he swore. "Not ever again."

