Colors swirled and weaved across the ancient canvas, telling a story as powerful today as when it was first created.

A man in a busy Hawaiian shirt stepped up beside me, snapping a picture. "Wow. Bello." He hustled away without another word, off to fall in love with another painting.

I turned back to the vibrant swirls, nodding my head in silent agreement. Wow was right. Wow that I was in the Galleria dell'Accademia, surrounded by art spanning centuries. Wow that I'd spent the morning with Jacob Whitmore, the billionaire CEO of Whitmore and Creighton, playing the gawking tourist as we took in Venice.

Caging the butterflies was impossible when he'd ignored his buzzing cell phone, focusing all his attention on me. But whoever was at the other end spent three hours trying and failing to reach him and finally, I insisted he answer it. I used the time to catch my breath because a smile, the slightest touch from him, was enough to send electricity sprawling all over me. Jacob was finally letting me in, letting me see the man beneath the hard as nails image he broadcast to the world. He occupied every part of me, leaving nothing but a single truth.

I love him.

I cleared my throat and turned from the painting. There was something about the red strokes that was visceral. Passionate. It evoked emotions that would do nothing but complicate things. I loved him-it was as obvious as the nose on my face, but guys like Jacob Whitmore didn't say those words. To love was to show weakness.

I glanced down at the museum map and when my eyes shot back up, a woman stood firmly in my path. My brain formed the words 'excuse me' but nothing came out when I recognized familiar green eyes, ripe with contempt.

"Rachel?" I said, taking two steps back.

The sound of her name garnered a scowl as she pulled the visor of her hat down a few inches. Decked in a non-descript white tee, jeans, and floral flats, she was a long way from the glamorous Rachel Laraby that had the rest of the world enamored. Unfortunately, even dressed down she was breathtaking. Eyes glittered in the shadow of her baseball cap; round, plump lips sang even without the sheen of lipstick; curves taunted. Pangs of self-consciousness burned even though I knew the summer dress I wore flattered my lithe shape. She just had that effect.

"What are you doing here?" I asked, already knowing the answer. Why else would she be here? "Rachel, if this is about Jacob-"

"Shh!" she hissed, glancing about nervously. "I need to talk to you. Privately."

I raised a brow. "Say what?"

"Do you have a minute so we can go somewhere and talk?"

She couldn't seriously believe I wanted to go anywhere with her after she made it obvious that she wanted to take me down. "No, Rachel. I don't have a minute."

"I'm wearing a ball cap for Christ's sake. Trust me, I wouldn't be dressed like this and talking to you unless it was really important." She saw that I was seconds from just plowing past, so she gave me a long, pleading look. "Please, Leila."

"You've given me hell since the minute we me. What could we possibly have to say to each other?" I said, not wavering. Well, not until I saw the muscles in her face tighten and she snapped her mouth shut.

Whoa. Was Rachel Laraby actually holding back a quip? This was getting stranger by the second.

"What I have to say needs to be said." She took a step closer. "I'm trying to do you a favor, Leila."

I looked at her incredulously, remembering our last exchange when she admitted to setting me up with the paparazzi. She wanted to help me alright-right over a cliff. "Yeah..no thanks." I moved around her, pausing only when she gripped my elbow. I let my gaze drop to her hand then slowly creep back up until I had her in my sights. When our eyes met, she released me immediately.

"Wise choice," I said icily. "We really don't have anything to discuss. If Jacob is no longer overseeing your events, neither am I."

"This isn't about any event," she snapped. "This is about Jacob."

"Of course it is."

"Not about me and Jacob."

"Uh huh." I rolled my eyes. "You'll have to excuse me if I don't believe you. Or want to spend one more second talking to you."

I was all but ready to leave her in my dust until she jutted her chin out defiantly. The odd nervousness she'd displayed over the past few minutes melted away like someone had suddenly screeched "Cut!" She rolled her shoulders back and her stance went from unsure to confident. Her bright eyes took on the self-righteous glint that I knew all too well.

"You'll want to give me a few minutes of your time, dear," she said with her trademark condescension. "If you think having ass shots all over the internet was bad, just you wait until the world finds out about Jacob's bdsm contracts with his assistants."

My mouth fell open. The tourists and museum goers around us chirped and bustled, but the only thing I heard was 'bdsm' echoing over and over. I didn't even bother with how she figured it out. At this point, it really didn't matter.

She knew.

Say something. Act like you don't know what she's talking about. Say something, Lay! But I was frozen. Worried a single word, a single movement, would set her off.

"Good." Her features were as firm as the marble statues standing a few feet away. "Thank you for not insulting me by playing stupid."

I glanced over her shoulder, looking for my lifeline. I saw Jacob near a cluster of paintings in the far corner, head bowed in concentration.

I returned my attention to Rachel, searching for some tell-tale sign that she was bluffing. I rushed over the vindictive curve of her lips, the stubborn set of her jaw--all of that was old news. Her eyes wouldn't lie.

My heart jumped to my throat.

She'd do it.

Without hesitation.

"Bathroom." A victorious smile sliced across her face. "Now."

I followed her, weaving in and out of the crowd, the colors bleeding into one another. We stepped into the expansive restroom and I expected her to scan it to see if we were alone, but she just walked to the sink.

"Couldn't fit enough antibacterial in my disguise to do any good." She crinkled her nose. "Do you know how many people have brushed up against me in the past fifteen minutes?"

I didn't respond, chewing on my lip to fight the urge to remind her that normal people were the reason she got to live like a queen.

She stopped washing her hands, clearly surprised I didn't take the bait. "No bleeding heart comment to make, Leila?"

She had me right where she wanted me. Of course I'd play nice when she had my back against the wall. "No."

"Good." She pulled off her ball cap, brown locks spilling from its confines. Anyone else would have had a bad case of hat hair, but Rachel's looked professionally tousled. Still she toyed with it, trying to get it to fall even more perfectly.

"From the 'holy shit' that was written all over your face," she said after a moment, "I take it you signed his little contract and agreed to be his sex slave?"

"Sex slave?" I said indignantly, red flushing my cheeks. "I'm no one's sex slave."

"Sex slave, submissive." She shrugged. "Po-tay-to, po-tah-to. When you were together, it was all because you signed the dotted line, right?"

My mind shot back to Jacob's hands on me. He played my body like an instrument, making it sing in ways I never knew were possible. To an outsider, maybe the idea of submission was so black and white. Hell, at first, even I was leery.

But that was before Jacob opened my eyes. It was more than domination and control. It was spiritual. Giving him my body, my soul, my heart--nothing had ever been so simple. So right.

She reached in her back pocket and pulled out a small tube of lip gloss and popped the lid. She smoothed the applicator over her lips then rubbed them together for what felt like an eternity.

"So this is what's going to happen." She pushed the tube back in her pocket and faced me, perching on the edge of the sink. "Jacob is gonna take you to lunch. Or dinner." She shook her head, rethinking it. "Nah, lunch. I can tell from your shade of pale that you won't be able to sit on this until dinner time."

I watched her gather her ebony hair into a low bun and tuck it back into her ball cap just as an elderly woman with two kids shuffled in the bathroom.

"After ordering, you're going to excuse yourself," she continued, not even noticing them. "And that's all you have to do to keep your..." She scrunched her forehead, trying to find the right word. "boss from losing every ounce of respect he's built since he strutted out of business school."

The older woman was chatting with the little girl not in the stall. Even though I had a feeling our conversation didn't even make their radar, I leaned in toward Rachel, trying to be as confidential as possible. Being so close that I could smell the sugary notes of her perfume made my stomach lurch. The desire to do her harm raced through my mind

"I don't think you cared about him at all." I stared at her intently, waiting for the blow to land. "Not if you want to ruin him like this."

Her mouth opened and closed and for a second, she faltered.

"We can figure this out without involving anyone else," I said quickly, latching onto the moment of weakness. We both cared about Jacob and as jilted as she felt, there was obviously a part of her that didn't want to hurt him. Why else was guilt burning in her eyes?

She cleared her throat and turned her back to me. I held my breath, waiting for her to say it was all a mistake. But when she twisted back around, the look she aimed at me punched all the air from my lungs. The moment, and any chance I had, was gone.

I watched helplessly as she stepped around me and gave her reflection in the mirror one final look. "We are going to figure this out. Or else." She paused at the door. "Text me the restaurant you guys decide on." She blew me a kiss before pushing back into the lobby.

****

The feel of Jacob's hand as he led me to our table should have had me floating on cloud nine. Instead, guilt anchored me to the ground. His hold was a stark reminder that I'd been lying to him all day.

As soon as we met back up at the museum, he knew something was wrong. He pressed and prodded, not letting up until I forced a kiss that made me feel like even a bigger traitor. He'd spent the rest of the morning telling me how beautiful I was, how happy just spending the day with me made him. I'd given him Oscar worthy smiles and even another kiss or two that sent waves of lust rushing over me. But not even his lips could monsoon the shame that was slowly eating me whole. Every minute fed the swell of regret that had taken up residence in my chest.

Jacob's eyes brightened as we came to a stop at a table that overlooked the canal. "What do you think?"

"It's nice," I offered, plopping down unceremoniously.

"Just 'nice'?" His voice was tight with disappointment. "I was hoping for something a little more descriptive than 'nice'."

"It's great!" I said, feigning cheerfulness. He didn't seem to buy it, but he lowered himself into his seat with a small nod anyway.

Once the waiter had poured our glasses of wine and ducked away, I knew that Jacob wasn't going to let up. I felt his gaze piercing me, trying to decipher the hidden truth. I looked everywhere but in his direction. Glanced out the window. Looked at the other patrons in the restaurant. Stared at the dark liquid in my wine glass.

"This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city." His admission should have been a prologue to a story about some past experience, but instead, there was something sour running beneath the words.

"It's quite lovely." I glanced up at him and thought better of it, dropping my eyes back to the menu. My hands were trembling so hard that I could barely make out any of the dishes. "What do you recommend?"

"Is something wrong, Leila?" he asked, ignoring my question. "You've been quiet since we left the museum."

I shook my head and gave him a smile that I hoped was reassuring and didn't just magnify my weird behavior. "Everything's p-perfectly fine." God, that wasn't remotely convincing. "Really."

He reached out and took the menu from me. Smart move-now I had to look at him if I didn't want to make it obvious that something was up.

This whole time I'd been trying to figure him out. To find something deeper. My stomach clenched with remorse because there was no mistaking the creased worry around his eyes, the curious cut of his jaw, lips knitted in confusion-I finally got my wish. Jacob was an open book. And he was concerned about me.

I wanted nothing more than to take his hand and tell him everything Rachel said. To watch him become the stone cold gladiator, take care of it all, then sweep me back to the special room and show me more parts of desire still undiscovered.

We are going to figure this out-or else.

"Is this about taking that call?" he said, not dropping it.

"Don't be silly," I said with a wave of my hand. "I was the one that made you take it, remember?" I hoped for a grin when he remembered our exchange. Before he finally answered the phone he'd given me an achingly mischievous smile and joked about tossing it in the water. But he didn't take the walk down memory lane. He was still watching me skeptically. Waiting for me to tell him what was really wrong.

"You're being ridiculous!" I let out a laugh that came out as a strangled sob. I immediately covered my mouth, but it was too late. The worry was dialed up to fifty as he gripped my hands.

"Jesus Christ, Leila--tell me what's going on!"

"I--" Tell him, Lay! "It's just--" My cell vibrated in my pocket, cutting through any sort of confession.

It was Rachel.

I swallowed the truth and racked my mind for some excuse I could put in its place. The whole not feeling well thing was kind of weak. I needed something more meaty-something that could explain it all and pack a big punch.

My family. God help me...I was going to use my family.

"It's-" I gulped. "It's my dad."

Jacob's brow furrowed. "Your dad?"

The knot in my throat became a boulder as I kept up the ruse. "Y-Yes. He's kind of sick so I'm just worried."

Jacob slackened his hold, something unreadable flashing in his gaze before he said anything. "I'm sorry, Leila. I hope it's not serious."

I was hoping the 'kind of' would keep me from having to lie any further or make up some horrible affliction that would just dig me deeper. "I don't think it's serious, but my mother has been a wreck." I dug my nails into my thigh beneath the table. I had to stop talking. I was becoming a real life parable of how a little lie becomes a living, breathing monster.

Jacob's eyes darkened with worry. "If you need to go home, I'll arrange it."

"No," I said quickly. When he gave me a weird look, I forced a smile. "I mean, I appreciate it, but that's not necessary." I swallowed. "I just need a minute. In the bathroom." I jerked back from the table and stumbled away before I lost my nerve.

Once I stepped into the bathroom, I booked it into a stall, nausea forcing me to take a handful of deep breaths to keep from retching all over the floor.

I snapped upright when I felt my phone shudder again. I ripped it from my pocket.

-well??? Rachel's text barked.

-in broom. I plucked out. My thumb froze over the 'send' button. Damn her for putting me in this position. If she'd never... If I never...

I pressed the 'send' button and slumped against the stall door. The bitter taste of dread choked me as I thought of how worried Jacob had been all day. How he'd tried to cheer me up. We'd been on our way to having a great day, the best day, until Rachel showed her face.

And then the lie about my father. Jesus freaking Christ. I needed a time machine, some way to go back and use the sick excuse, no matter how weak. Using family was playing dirty.

Jacob will understand, I thought frantically. He had to. I'd tell him that Rachel threatened him. That she threatened me. He'd understand. And then he'd sweep me into his arms and...He'd take my hand and...the sunset...

Now I really was being delusional. This wasn't a movie. And even if it was, I'd seen this scenario play out on the screen a million times. It was always the lie was that drove the couple apart. My lie would destroy everything I'd been desperately trying to build.

I threw open the door of the stall, hyperventilating as I looked into the mirror. What the hell had I done? Since when did I bend for someone who didn't have my best interests at heart? When did I become Rachel Laraby's bitch?

I splashed some water on my face and rolled my shoulders back. This was a mistake. One I had to fix NOW.

I pushed back into the lobby of the restaurant, the conversations around me reduced to mere whispers. There was nothing except the stiletto tap of my shoes and the orchestra of nerves inside me. Heart thumping out of my chest. Throat as dry as the Sahara. Hands so shaky they could barely hold onto my clutch. And when I saw Rachel reach across the table and grip Jacob's hand, anger that turned every color red.

When Jacob spied me his face ran amuck with emotion. Like he was trying to apologize to me.

My heart seized in my chest. She hadn't told him anything?

She turned her head and it was almost as terrifying as that scene from The Exorcist. Her jade eyes filled with delight and two words fell from her scarlet lips: 'Good job'.

Jacob was the first to speak, his eyes screaming 'this isn't what it looks like'. "Leila was just in the neighborhood." He winced, realizing how ridiculous that sounded.

Well hold on tight, you ain't heard nothin' yet. "Jacob, there's something I need to-"

"How much did we decide on, Leila?" Rachel interrupted. "One thousand? Two?"

Jacob looked at her, then looked at me, then back to Rachel. "Decide on?"

Rachel let out a weary sigh as she reached for her purse and pulled out her check book. "I'm sorry you had to find out this way, Jacob, but clearly Leila stormed out here to ensure payment."

"Payment?! We never discussed--" My mouth hung agape as all the pieces fell into place. "You bitch!"

"Calling names." She tsked like I was some disobedient child. "That will certainly prove that you have nothing to hide."

I didn't know what to be angry about first. That I was dumb enough to let her bully me at all, or that I played right into her hand. She wasn't going to tell anyone anything about the contracts--at least not anytime soon. She just wanted to set me up.

"What the hell is going on here?" Jacob thundered, anger quickly replacing his confusion as he threw his napkin on the table.

Rachel was as cool as a cucumber as she reached for my glass of wine. "I'm sure she'll have some conspiracy story because she's trying to cover her tracks." She winked at me. "But we both know the truth, don't we, Leila?"

"She's full of it," I hissed. I just had to focus on Jacob. Only Jacob. "The truth is--" I stalled when I saw his face harden to stone. "The truth is...I..."

Now was my chance to set the record straight. The thing was, part of it would exonerate me, but the other part would incriminate me. There was no way I could put Rachel on blast without burning myself. And I just couldn't get out the words that could destroy everything.

"The truth is what, Leila?" Jacob said, eyes smoldering. "Spit it out."

"She came to me at the museum today," I conceded, hanging my head. "She threatened to go to the press if I didn't give her five minutes with you."

Jacob frowned. "Go to the press? Go to the press with what?"

"W-with the contracts." I sunk my teeth into the inside of my jaw until I taste blood. "She knows about the contracts."

Relief flooded me when I saw the pure rage storming when turned on Rachel. "You threatened Leila?"

Rachel sputtered something about money and I relaxed...until he held up a hand, silencing her. He turned his face from her and lifted his eyes to mine."Wait a minute--so all this morning, this afternoon, when I asked you if something was wrong, you lied to me?"

"Yes," I said hoarsely. "But I was just trying to-"

"And that whole bit about your father being sick." His voice was low and dangerous. His eyes were worse. "That was a lie as well."

"My my," Rachel cackled behind me. "Who knew Miss Montgomery could act as well?"

I balled my fists at my side, trying to ignore her. She wasn't important. What was important was the fact that every second that passed Jacob could spin all sorts of terrible conclusions. I just had to make him understand.

I moved forward and put my hand over his, thrusting past the disdain in his glare. He was back to the disguise, the wall he put up to protect himself. I'd finally chipped away at it; I'd seen proof of that all day. Even if he was pissed at me, he was still reachable.

"I'm sorry I lied, but this isn't what it looks like," I said forcefully. "Rachel didn't have to pay me-"

He slid his hand from beneath mine. "Why should I believe anything you say?"

I reared back in shock. There were a million reasons he should believe me. He knew me, better than anyone. But there was one screeching reason why he shouldn't. If I could lie about my father's fake illness, what wouldn't I lie about?

"Jacob..." Tears sparked in my eyes. "Jacob, please just let me explain."

He looked right through me. "You're dismissed, Miss Montgomery."

Dismissed? I wanted to shake him, force him to listen, but nothing would be gained from making a scene.

"I'll wait for you at the hotel," I murmured, just loud enough for him to hear. "I'll wait as long as it takes."

"That won't be necessary," he said coldly. "Your services are no longer required." He reached into his lapel and retrieved his phone. "I'll have Allegra assist you in packing your things for your departure."

I shouldn't have been able to walk, to move when I felt like someone was jumping up and down on my chest, but I mustered the little dignity I had left and walked away from the man I loved.

****

I used the sleeve of my long sleeved t-shirt to make myself presentable and put on a halfhearted smile as I opened the door. This morning, before Rachel slithered back onto the scene, there'd been one person I'd wanted to confide in about falling for Jacob. Now, that same person would take me away from him.

"Hi Allegra."

"Hello Leila." She stepped into the room, glancing around at the sad state of things. You could barely make out the floor through the strips of clothes and underwear that were strewn about. I'd spent a ludicrous amount on overpriced room service chocolate and there was a graveyard of wrappers glittering in the dim light. She raised her eyebrows at the sight of my worn overnight bag sitting on top of the vanity.

I gestured at it. "I'm pretty much packed." I let out a strangled chuckle. "I figure when Jacob Whitmore 'dismisses' you he wants you to leave behind the company supplied wardrobe, huh?"

"Jacob is not that way," she reassured me. "Va bene. It will be okay."

I had to stop myself from glaring at her. None of this was her fault. But the fact remained that I was being expelled from Jacob's life, and everything that I'd fought tooth and nail for-my job, some semblance of respect and control, what we could have been-it was all over. Things couldn't be further from okay.

"You believe me, yes?" she asked gently.

I didn't have the energy to pretend her attempts at making me feel better were doing any good. "No, I don't believe you."

As soon as I felt her hand on my shoulder, I lost it. I didn't bother with words, instead, letting my sobs fill the awkward silence. Allegra stood there and took it, stroking my back like my mother used to when I was a kid. Back then I'd ball my eyes out, complaining about the other girls picking on me for some reason or another. She'd tell me they were just jealous of me, that they had to bring me down to make themselves feel better. She'd kiss my forehead and say that someday I'd meet someone amazing. Some rich businessman or prince. Even then I knew she was living vicariously through me. Wishing for a life that didn't include living from paycheck to paycheck.

If she could only see me now, I thought bitterly, a fresh wave of sadness washing over me. There'd be no back stroking or trying to make me feel better- just yelling that I screwed up my ticket to the good life.

When the well was dry, I gave Allegra a bleary smile. I knew Jacob well enough to know he didn't tell her much more than to pick me up and take me to the airport. Anyone else would have been chomping at the bit to find out what went down. Not Allegra.

"I really screwed up," I said hoarsely, grabbing a wad of tissue. One swipe and it was a soggy clump. "I've ruined everything."

"We all make mistakes, Leila."

"Not like this." I shook my head from side to side. "And after we were so close...so close."

The quiet rushed back in and I swept a bunch of clothes to the floor and plopped onto the bed. Allegra stood like a sentry a few feet away, waiting for me to talk, to cry, to do whatever I needed.

"Things were so good with us," I said after a minute. "Like we were finally building something together."

"You were building something," Allegra said quietly. "When Jacob called me a few days ago, I just knew. I hadn't heard that-something-in his voice in a long time. He was happy." She gave my hand a pat. "And that is because of you."

"Not anymore," I said weakly. I picked at invisible lint on my skirt. I'd barely taken the tags off it. Not even wrinkles and teardrops could sully the high quality fabric. I glanced at the couture dresses and blouses strewn on the floor and bed, thinking over the lavishness of my beautiful room in this beautiful country. Now that I was losing all of it, it all seemed so pointless. I didn't care about the jets, the clothes, the five star hotel...I cared about him. Losing him felt like I was being split in half. A part of me would do what he wanted and go my way, but the other part would remain, haunting the dream of what we were meant to be.

A fresh stream of tears unhitched from my eyes and I swept them away, swallowing so I could recount how I'd gotten here.

"We went to the museum this morning and everything was perfect...right up until Rachel appeared."

"Oh dear," Allegra groaned, ruffling her dark, choppy hair. "I should have known she was at the center of this."

It wasn't quite that simple, but Jacob already hated me. I didn't want to add Allegra to the list. "She threatened to go public with information that could ruin Jacob, unless I gave her five minutes with him."

Allegra frowned. "She has no problem intruding upon Jacob. Why would she-" She stopped, her eyes narrowing as Rachel's true motives dawned on her. It was funny-if only I'd taken a moment and thought about it myself, I'd be trotting around Venice instead of about to board a jet back home.

"I lied to Jacob and let her charm her way back into his life." I dropped my head in my hands, letting out a groan of frustration as I relived it. "You should have seen his face." Eyes as cold and uncaring as they'd been before I scaled the walls of him to find something more. Lips in a razor thin line, sharp enough to cut. The guy who'd held my hand tight with that devilish grin as we took in the city was replaced by someone who ripped away from my touch. "I lost him, Allegra."

"Nonsense." Allegra waved a hand through the fog of my sadness. "The changes in him and the happiness he has found is not something easily forgotten." She brushed a bundle of curls from my face then used a hankie from her pocket to mop at my wet cheeks. "This is just the first fight."

"Our first fight?" I said incredulously. "He banished me from the country!"

"That is theatre," Allegra replied simply. "His anger is doing the talking instead of his heart." She glanced away, her eyes clouding over. "Just like his father."

I perked at the mention of his dad. Maybe there was something, anything in their past that would help me get Jacob back. "Could you tell me more about his father?"

Hesitation flitted across her face and she took a few steps away from me. "No good can come from digging up those skeletons." She glanced at my messy bed. "Let's get these things hung back up, yes?"

There was nothing I wanted more than to pretend that what went down between Jacob and I was some sort of lovers spat, but deep down I knew it was more than that. When I let out the lie about my father, something had danced across his face. There was sadness there. But it didn't take a psychic to know that talking about Jacob's father was the absolute last thing Allegra wanted to do.

"I'm just trying to understand," I prodded. "When I was talking about my dad at lunch, I could tell that he was thinking about his own."

"I find that unlikely unless he was thrashing about and foaming at the mouth."

I peered over at her, expecting to see a flicker of the joke, but her face was hard as stone. She was smoothing the front of her pants, her fingers shuddering like the wind over water. Allegra had been a force from the moment I met her. Graceful, powerful, formidable. But talking about Jacob's father had brought out something entirely different in her. Watching the nerves and wariness engulf her was like looking into a mirror.

"Oh my god," I gasped, the truth smacking me upside the head. "You two were in love!"

She opened her mouth to protest before she closed it and let out a resigned sigh. "You caught me."

When she didn't offer anything else, I moved closer to her. I was being selfish, not giving her the same courtesy she gave me, but now that I'd glimpsed the truth, I couldn't stop until I knew more. "I know this is hard-"

"Hard?" she repeated with a sad chuckle. "It was agony. He was my everything. Everything." She sucked in a lungful of air. "Carlton Whitmore." After she said the name, she rubbed her bare arms like she caught a chill.

"He was an actor, right?" I said, remembering the snippet she'd shared about him when we first met. When she was telling me why I shouldn't judge Jacob by the role he played for the world.

"Si. He walked around Venice like a king. And every woman worshipped him." She spread her arms wide. "His head was this big!"

"I guess that runs in the family," I smirked.

"Oh yes," she said, twisting her lips into a rueful grin. "Pride is in the Whitmore DNA. And Carlton was stubborn as a mule. Whatever he wanted, he got. I was the only girl in Venice that showed no interest."

"Out of principle?"

"Out of respect," she said wryly. "Respect to his wife."

My eyes widened. "He was married when he pursued you?"

She nodded. "He was relentless. Swore that he was unhappy. That he wanted to leave her." She cut her eyes at me. "I do not have some fancy US education, but I wasn't stupid. I kept at him, telling him if he wasn't happy he should leave her. He said he couldn't but would not explain why."

I bit my lip. It was the age old crutch. Stay together for the kids. "Because of Jacob."

"Yes. Eventually the truth of his hesitation came out." She let out a groan, massaging the bridge of her nose. "But it was too late. Instead of being horrified, I accepted it. I accepted it because I fell in love." She paused, her eyes glazing over. "For three years, he came in the summer and we played house. He even brought Jacob with him. I was 'Aunt Allegra'."

I winced at that. "Just three years?"

"I grew tired." Her voice wavered. "Lonely. A summer just was not enough." She rose from the bed. "I gave him an ultimatum." She paced back and forth and with every circuit, my heart broke for her. I could practically see her decades younger, swooning after him. Loving him. Needing him.

"I was young and foolish. A part of me actually thought he would leave her." Her eyes glittered with tears. "I thought he would choose me, as selfish as that was.

"I'm so sorry." I meant it. I wasn't even on a plane yet and I felt the devastation of losing Jacob. If we'd had all the time that she and his father had, it really would have destroyed me.

She flashed a smile that lit up her face. "Do not feel sorry for me. I had a good life once I stopped waiting. I married a good man. We had beautiful children." She looked at the floor. "It wasn't until Jacob became a man and found me that I learned that his father never got over me. And turned that anger, that loss, toward his family."

No wonder he doesn't get attached, I thought, crossing my arms. Cold, calculated contracts that rule out emotion--because his own flesh and blood hurt him so deeply. It all made sense now.

"His father lived a lie and all the money in the world couldn't save Jacob and his mother from emotional hell," Allegra tried to clear the emotion from her face but I caught a sliver of guilt before it disappeared. "It's why your lie hurt Jacob."

I thought back to the company stairwell after I let him touch me for the first time.

I lost myself, Leila. It won't happen again.

I'd thought he was just sorry that he came off as a carbon copy of the playboy that was slathered on magazines. Now that I knew he grew up with a father that wished for another life altogether, no wonder he kept me at arm's length. No wonder he was hesitant to let me in. A lie defined his childhood. I couldn't let a lie define our future.

I turned to Allegra, ready to fight for him. "I have to get him back."

She brought me in for a hug, holding tight. I felt her blessing radiating in her smile when she pulled back. "I was hoping you would say that."

She reached in her pocket and pulled out a blackberry. "Jacob scheduled a last minute meeting at Bella Monica, but it smacks of Rachel. You will go and get your time with him."

My mind jolted me back to standing awkwardly at the table at lunch, nerves eating me alive. I hadn't been able to get through to him before. I had to do something different this time or it would just be a repeat horror show. "How do I make him listen?"

Allegra's heels clicked on the floor as she moved to the closet. She reappeared with the deep red dress I'd worn back in the boutique when I began this crazy journey. In that dress, I'd had my epiphany-the moment that I believed that I actually belonged in Jacob's world.

"In this dress," Allegra said with a mischievous smile, "how could he not?"

****

When Allegra slid behind the wheel of the town car, she had a twinkle in her eye. We had to make one last stop on the way to the restaurant. That stop included picking up an olive skinned man with silky black hair, angular features, and a thick accent that stroked my eardrums. His name was Silvio De Luca, Allegra's nephew. Who just happened to be a professional model.

I'd bypassed nervousness and headed straight for terrified.

I teetered on my heels while every move my impromptu date made was suave and graceful. He gave me a dizzying smile as I brought us to a stop a few feet from the cobblestone steps in front of the restaurant.

"Everything is fine?" he asked, his voice sending goose bumps over my bare arms.

"Y-yes," I lied. "I just need a minute." At least that was a bit of the truth. I needed time to digest what was about to go down. Time to believe that Jacob would even notice or care if I strut into the restaurant with some sexy guy at my side.

Oh god what if he totally ignored me? What if he saw right through it? Saw right through me?

"Leila." Silvio's warm hand cupped my cheek. "You're all red. There is no need for nervousness."

I gave him a look. "My..." I paused as I realized I had no name for what Jacob was to me. "Jacob is in there." My heart beat erratically as I pictured him behind a table, Rachel across from him. "The man I'm in love with is here with another woman."

"Si," Silvio grinned slyly. "And as soon as you glide through those doors he'll see what a big mistake he made."

"Or he'll just ignore me entirely," I said, biting my lip.

Silvio frowned, lost in thought. He snapped his fingers and pulled me toward a fountain tucked away from the entrance. The smell of roses mingled with the rush of water.

Silvio gestured at the water. "What do you see?"

I stepped forward and looked at the woman reflected back at me. "Someone playing dress up."

"Then you do not see," he said, turning me back to face him. "I see a woman that would be beautiful in Valentino or a potato sack."

I laughed at that, a bit of a snort that scooped out the trembling and insecurities as I looked at Silvio, realizing that I'd seen his face in several magazines during the trip. This was so not my life. Falling in love with Jacob Whitmore, losing him, and using some male model to get him back.

Silvio ran a hand through his long, raven colored hair, regarding me pensively. "Maybe that's it."

I cocked my head to the side. "What do you mean?"

"That you don't see," he explained. "You don't know how dazzling you are and it makes you devastatingly so." He gave me another handsome smile. "This Jacob is a lucky man."

"We're both lucky," I said softly. And that's what I needed to tell Jacob. That we were good together. Good for each other.

I stood tall and tucked my arm back into Silvio's. "Shall we?"

We stepped through the doors of Bella Monica and I held my breath as I scanned the impressive room for him. I stopped breathing when I found him, clad in a smoky, charcoal gray suit with a hint of color in his tie. Rachel was chattering on about something and from the way Jacob restlessly glanced about, it was far from anything he was interested in.

When his eyes tilted in my direction, I felt dizzy as I saw his face change, the primal hunger I'd seen when he showed me his private room gripping his expression. His lips parted and-

"Are you ready?" Silvio whispered in my ear.

Jacob's eyes shot to him and the lust in his gaze was promptly replaced by anger.

I forced a smile and gave Silvio a nod as I turned my back to Jacob. We walked to the bar and I eased onto the plush chair as Silvio went to get us drinks. It was hell to not look back over and see if he was watching me. As soon as Silvio brandished two crystal glasses filled with dark brown liquid, I shoveled it down my throat in two gulps.

"Relax," Silvio chuckled gently. "The hardest part is over."

"Oh I doubt that," I groaned. "We shared a-" My cheeks flared with warmth. "A, uh, moment. And then he saw you."

Silvio grinned around the lip of his glass. "He was angry, yes?"

"Yes."

His midnight eyes looked past me and the corners of his mouth nearly touched his hairline. "Then there's only one thing left to do."

I fondled with the pearls at my neck. "And what's that?"

"Dance with me."

The alcohol must have kicked in quicker than I thought because it sounded kind of like he was asking me to dance.

Silvio cocked his head toward the dance floor. "Dance with me."

It was a simple request and a handful of other patrons already heeded the sultry call of the violin and castanets. But fear of making things worse kept me locked in place.

I shook my head. "I don't think that's a good idea."

"Dancing's always a good idea." He rose to his feet, drawing more than a couple of female eyes as he walked to my side of the table and extended his hand. "You're too beautiful to sit over here on pins and needles. Dance with me, Leila."

I glared at him, knowing there was no way I could turn him down with an audience. I slid off the chair begrudgingly and followed him to the floor.

The music changed tempo and Silvio pulled my body tight to his. I didn't have time to be nervous as he slowly began to rock into me.

"Just follow my lead."

And we were off. My dress whipped like flames as we weaved and turned and dipped in time with the music. There was nothing but the infectious rhythm and Silvio's throaty laugh as he whooped and commanded the floor. His long, ebony colored hair flapped and spun around his handsome face as he gyrated. He spread life and glee that rippled through the other dancers. Soon we were all moving with abandon and I spun even faster, laughing, smiling living in the moment.

When the music slowed I took a breath, leaning against him as we gave the band a round of applause.

Silvio gave my hand a squeeze as he leaned in, his breathing labored. "Better?"

"Much better," I giggled. The music started back up, this time a slow, romantic coo. I held out my hands toward him. What the hell. It's not like I had any other takers. I had a feeling if Jacob was still in the restaurant he wanted nothing to do with me. I wasn't ready to address what that meant. All I wanted to do was dance.

But Silvio wasn't looking at me at all. He was looking just behind me. "I think the next dance is not for me."

"What?" I frowned. "But-"

"The next dance is mine."

Jacob's voice stripped me down to my bones and I went rigid. I told my body to turn, to put my arms around his neck. This was my chance. But I couldn't move.

Silvio stepped away and I snapped my mouth shut as I watched Jacob take Silvio's place. No, in his charcoal two piece suit, it quickly became, "Silvio who?" Jacob was the all-powerful, muscled, impossibly handsome man that reduced me to a puddle on the floor with just a look. There was no one but him.

"Leila." Even my name sounded like pure sex on his tongue.

I exhaled. "Jacob."

He held out his hands, bright eyes flashing. "Shall we?"

I hesitantly took his hand and took a step closer. I could tell he was still fuming from the tight set of his jaw.

"Should I call back tall, dark, and handsome?" he said bitingly.

I tried to relax and failed, completely and utterly. "I-I don't know what you mean."

His eyes narrowed to navy slits. "C'mon, Leila. You're practically cringing. Just a second ago, while you danced with that man you were on top of the world."

"You were the one I wanted to dance with," I said softly. "Only you." I inhaled his warm, familiar scent. It was like sliding under your favorite blanket. Like going home. But right now all he had were the lies and me showing up with some strange guy. This was my chance to set the record straight, if I could just open my mouth.

I moved closer, sliding one hand up his tailored arm and trying to not take it personally when his mouth twitched disapprovingly when I ran my fingers through his hair.

"I didn't think you'd come," I said softly.

"Why did you come, Leila?"

His question caught me off guard, but the answer was simple. "Because I care about you."

He let out something that sounded like a snort and shook his head.

"Don't you dare dismiss my feelings, Jacob," I said heatedly. "Not after all we've been through."

"Well when someone in my employ purposefully ignores my orders-"

"Your orders?" I snapped. "You mean sending me back to the states with my tail between my legs?"

He swept me around, his jaw as rigid and angry as his movements. "Don't try to play innocent. You met with Rachel behind my back-"

"I wouldn't really call being cornered and given an ultimatum a 'meeting'."

"And then you lied to me all day," he blazed on, ignoring my interjection. "You told me some sob story about your father." The hurt in his voice deepened. "You didn't even blink before you went along with her transparent efforts."

"I did blink," I insisted. When he let out a grunt of disbelief and tilted his face from mine, I reached up and gently rotated his chin back toward me. "Don't turn away from me. Not when I came here to-"

"To make me jealous?" he said tersely. "I expected these kinds of games from Rachel. But not from you."

Being compared to her was like being slapped across the face. But I had to deflect the blow and explain myself. "The guy I was with, Silvio-"

"Silvio?" he said with a frown. "Of course his name is Silvio."

"And his last name is De Luca," I smirked. "Allegra's nephew."

"Allegra's nephew?" He shook his head. "So you two aren't-"

"No," I replied. "He was just...moral support."

I felt him relax and when I brushed against him, chest to chest, he didn't pull back. I rocked against him, side to side, hopping that the feel of me could say the things that no words could do justice. My cheek was against his chest, feeling the rhythm of his heart weaving through the soulful music notes. The words were right there and feeling his hand stroking my back, forgetting, forgiving, I never felt those words more.

I gazed up at him. "Jacob, I-"

"I'm sorry," Jacob cut in soft as a kiss. "I overacted."

I didn't know if his confession was a blessing--stopping me from making a declaration that I couldn't take back--or a curse that had me keeping the whole truth from him yet again.

"I shouldn't have dismissed you," he continued. "Not in front of Rachel. She was all but rubbing her hands together and cackling with glee." When I made a face at the sound of her name, his eyes lit up with amusement. "But whatever half-baked plan she hatched isn't important right now."

Heat spread all over me, the epicenter his hand careening over the curve of my bottom.

"What's important right now is the fact that watching that man put his hands on you made me want to burn this building to the ground."

I pressed tighter against him, relishing his curve of lust beating in time with the uptick of the music. With his fingertips pressing into the scarlet fabric of my dress, every breath was husky as I rocked into him. What started off as romantic, longing moves became carnal.

"I never would have pegged you for a pyromaniac," I teased. "Or someone that gets jealous."

"I think I threw away the rulebook the day I met you," he said, stripping me with his eyes.

I ran my tongue over my lips, remembering his salty taste, remembering the emotion overload of going to bed with him. He was all-consuming and I wanted him to devour me until there wasn't a single inch left.

Our eyes met and I could have squealed when I saw we were on the same page. My fingers held tight to his as we left the dance floor and made our way to the exit. Sight and sound became one as we breezed to the exit and stepped into the warm Mediterranean night.

He led me to a sleek, black limo where a man in a simple dark suit sat perched on the hood, smoking a cigarette. Even in the near dark I saw the man pale as he snuffed it out and snapped to attention.

"My apologies, Mr. Whitmore." He looked at me in surprise, probably remembering that Jacob went in with a very different woman. "We leave now?"

"Yes," Jacob replied smoothly. The driver opened the door and Jacob stepped to the side to let me pass. "After you, Miss Montgomery."

I gave him a sly grin, feeling his gaze on my rear end as I slid across the cool leather seats. Jacob moved in beside me and I waited with bated breath as the driver took his place behind the wheel and started the car.

Jacob reached over to a panel near the door and pressed a button that sent the partition up, putting a barrier between us and prying eyes.

I knew what he had planned and it sent sticky delight to the part of me that needed him just as much as my heart; the part of me that clenched and quivered when he beckoned me with a finger.

I licked my lips and the words flowed from me like honey. "How may I serve you?"

His eyes were glazed with lust as he leaned back, but there was nothing sweet about the timbre of his voice when he replied.

"Get over here and lay across my lap."

****

I knew it was only a matter of time before his slow, methodical strokes would become the punishment I knew was coming for the events of today. What I wasn't prepared for was the thrill in the waiting. With each new rotation of him caressing each side, teasing me, I trembled with renewed anticipation.

"You've been a naughty girl, haven't you?" His hand trailed down and when it cycled back up, his fingertips carried up the hem of my dress. Each inch brought the warm night breeze to my skin. I wanted him to spank me. To punish me. Jesus, I never thought I'd voluntarily lay there and wait for someone to wail on me, but I'd never wanted anything more than this. I wanted him to take me to a place where everything, even pain, faded. A place where there was only us.

He gripped one of my cheeks, kneading and pumping it. "You deserve to be punished, don't you?" He tightened his hold when I didn't answer. "Answer me, Leila!"

"Yes," It came out as a whine. A plea. "Yes sir." Punish me, Jacob. Please.

"When I saw the way you were moving with that man-gyrating, laughing, pressing your body against his-I wanted to drag you from the room. After decking him, of course." He added.

Regret flared at the thought of that. It would have caused quite a scene, but the idea of him punching out someone over jealousy made me shiver with delight.

"I wanted to take you home and strap you to the cross." His finger trailed down the seam of my thong, stopping at my pulsing core. "I wanted to flog you until you screamed my name."

I imagined the fear, the pain, and the perverse pleasure. It made me squirm as he rubbed my heat through the thin fabric. "But I can't wait until we get home, Leila." His voice was rough. Rife with lust. "I want to punish you now."

He stopped stroking me and it took all my self-control to not beg him for more. Before I submitted, I would have tried to get my point across in blatant ways. Throaty moans. Rocking my hips. But I trusted that he knew exactly what I needed-and that it wouldn't come so easy. Not tonight.

"You will count out every strike," he commanded. "Every. Last. One."

His hand came down on my bottom and the crack echoed over my body. It brought more surprise then pain.

"One," I said breathlessly. "Two." The second landed over the first. The third expanded the warm discomfort. Fifth, sixth made me grit my teeth. I gripped his calves as I hung suspended across his lap, swallowing the tears that burned my eyes as he blazed through the teens. My bottom became a screeching nerve, exposed, feeling everything and nothing at the same time.

Just when I reached that point, the top of it where the pain would become something savage, the licks stopped.

When I felt the cool touch of his fingers and something wet rubbing over my rear, I couldn't stop the giggle from falling from my lips. He traveled around with the special cream? "Always prepared, huh?"

"I was a boy scout," he joked. He took care of me, rubbing the lotion into my skin gently, its menthol properties cooling the heat from the spanking. "Are you okay to sit?"

"Yes." Naturally, I clamored off his knees as ungracefully as humanely possible, but when I caught a glimpse of the look on his face, I didn't see bemusement. He was looking at me with awe. Like he was seeing me for the first time.

"You know," he said finally. "When you walked out of the restaurant at lunch, I wanted to go after you."

I righted myself, tucking wayward curls behind my ear. "You did?" I turned to him. "Why didn't you?"

He glanced out his window for what felt like a lifetime before turning back to me. "Because I'd have to admit that learning that you lied to me was devastating. That it hollowed me out." His eyes held mine intently. I'd have to admit that I let you in and let you get closer than anyone before."

Guilt crept back in and I broke away. How could I look him in the eye after that? "You let me in and I hurt you. I'm so sorry, Jacob. I had this long list of reasons why, good reasons I thought. But reasons are just excuses. I shouldn't have lied to you."

"No, you shouldn't have," His tone deepened to an authoritative command. "How about you look at me and say it."

I swallowed the knot in my throat and raised my chin. Eye to eye. "I'm sorry I lied to you, Jacob."

He watched my lips form the words then licked his own, sparking the lust in me that took so little to ignite when it came to him. "How about you show me how sorry you are?"

My lips curved into a smile that turned into an 'o' of surprise when my eyes dropped to his crotch. I saw the imprint of his arousal, hard and insistent. We'd been together more than once but the rush of pride remained the same. I had the ability to make the most beautiful man I'd ever seen swell with need.

I slid onto the floor, grateful for the extra room the limo afforded me. I immediately moved to unbuckle his pants, trying to peel back the layers that created a barrier between us.

I uncoiled his length from his boxer briefs, eyes glossing over every thick, veiny inch of him. I guided my lips around him, breathing in as I moved up and down his shaft. Every new stride brought a new moan of delight from him that made me vibrate on a whole other level. It was probably cliche and the last thing I'd ever expect to so believe was possible, but he awakened things in me. He brought me to life and feeling his muscles clench, his grip tighten in my hair, sent wave after wave of pleasure coursing through me. His pleasure, his delight at my hand, made me want to give him all of me until we were both completely and utterly spent.

I ran my tongue over ever hardened piece of him. I bobbed up and down on the alternations of him tensing and relaxing, his hoarse groans melting into 'Don't stop'. 'More'.

I brought my hand to the base of his erection, running a finger along the seam of his balls. A cry of delight shot from his mouth like a bullet. I softly massaged his balls with my hand and picked up the rhythm with my mouth. I melted against him, breathing nothing but the sounds he made.

I pulled my mouth up the throbbing length of him, nice and slow, gazing at him with coy innocence. There was a position I'd always wanted to try but let the mirror in my head keep me from initiating it.

"May I ride you, sir?" I asked softly.

His breath caught sharply as he stared down at me.

His reply was urgent, any sense of calm a distant memory. "You may."

I pulled up my skirt and shimmied out of my underwear. Shaking, I put aside the silly notions that I'd crush him, that I wouldn't do it right and focused on the natural chemistry between us. I spread my legs and straddled him, finding his lust ready and solid. I held it steady and slowly brought my body down.

He pushed into my moist layers, stripping me down to the bits and parts that hungered for this. Needed this. I closed my eyes, wanting to savor it.

"No, open your eyes. I don't want you to miss a thing." He pulled me close, his lips trembling as he held my waist and guided himself out.

In.

Out.

I stared into his blue eyes, waves crashing as his forehead scrunched. He grit his teeth as he thrust his h*ps upward and I felt the full length of him inside me. I let out moan after moan as I moved in time, letting go like I never had before.

I forced my mouth onto his and breathed his desire, his pleasure into me. One hand was steady at my h*ps and the other was at my breast. His insistent gropes turned my ni**les into swollen peaks that revolted against the lacy fabric of my bra. I slowed our rhythm, going to my zipper, wanting my dress off. Wanting to feel his hands all over my na**d body.

His fingers curled into a vice. "Do you have permission?"

I brought my hands back to his shoulders, his words sobering. Reminding me that I broke a cardinal rule. "No, but I-"

"Looks like someone needs a little more training."

I had no time to protest before he'd spun me around. He was still buried inside me as he pushed me back onto the couch. He grabbed my arms and pinned them above my head. "Who's in charge, Leila?"

"You are, sir." My chest heaved up and down, my heat clenching him once then waiting. My whole body seemed to hang in suspension, waiting for his next command.

His free hand traced my jawline then held my chin tight. "And you do nothing without my permission, correct?"

He rocked in and out of me, nice and slow. Didn't he know it was hard to respond, to think, to do anything with him inside of me? "Y-Yes sir."

He drew from me slowly and my body sighed, feeling his absence immediately. He thrust back forward, slamming into my warmth with a grunt. He did it a second time and I felt the inner contractions that came before the release.

Jacob's lips curled into a sinister smile. "You like it when I pound in and out of, don't you? When I use your holes as I see fit?"

He did it again and I let out a moan of frustration. I wouldn't be able to take much more of this delicious pleasure without coming.

"Answer me, Leila."

"Yes sir." Oh god I was close. "Jacob."

The sound of his voice flipped some switch and his movements became wild and furious. I clutched him tight, digging my nails in his back.

"Mine," he said in the throes of release. "You're mine, Leila."

"Yours," I answered. I felt so happy, so complete. "Forever-if you'll have me."

My words were nowhere near as hardcore as the big 3, but he still withdrew from me, going quiet as the grave.

I fixed my dress and ran my shaky hands over the front of my skirt. "What is it?"

He glanced over at me hesitantly. "I've given you grief at every turn." He raked a hand through his hair. "I basically gave you no choice but to become my submissive."

I bit my lip, remembering the blatant wording of the contract. "Yes, but that was then-"

"This whole time I've kept you at a distance-except when we were in bed."

"Yes, but-"

"You deserve better," he said finally, straightening his tie. "Not someone that gives you crumbs of attention. Who would rather send you packing than admit his feelings."

I remembered the story Allegra told me about the man she loved who couldn't give her more and the price everyone had to pay.

I took Jacob's hand, gripping it tight. I waited until he looked at me before I began. "Allegra told me about your dad. The summers. His choice." I hesitated when I saw the surprise and hurt spread across his face. "Don't be mad at her, Jacob. I practically had to pull teeth to get it out." He still looked ready to punch something. "She was just trying to help me understand. And I think I do."

"And I suppose you are going to do what years and thousands of dollars of therapy couldn't?" He let out a bitter chuckle. "Are you going to fix me, Miss Montgomery?"

I flinched at the cold way he said my name, but I pushed away the fear that said I was digging where I didn't belong. With Jacob was where I belonged. And if I didn't say this, if I couldn't convince him, all of this would have been for nothing.

Jacob reached toward the panel. "I'll get the driver to drop you at your hotel and-"

"No," I cut in firmly. "You're not going to run from me."

He did a double take. "Excuse me?"

"Your father ran from the love of his life," I said, not backing down even though his eyes flashed. "I'm not going to let you run from me."

"What the hell do we have in common with my father and Allegra? You're just a secretary."

Before I would have slapped him. I would have written him off as another entitled jerk with a chip on his shoulder. But I knew him now. This was just the armor, the walls he put up to keep from getting close.

When I didn't cringe or sulk away as far as possible, he tried again. "Is this about what I said before? Don't mistake lust for something else, Leila."

"And don't mistake my tenure with Whitmore and Creighton for naivete," I fired back. "The way you look at me, the way you are with me when you let me see the real pieces of you is the real you. The condescending, unaffected thing might have worked a week ago, but now I know you."

"Is that right?"

"Yes it is," I threaded my fingers through his hand, not wavering. Not letting go. "You're not your father, Jacob." His jaw twitched so I said it again. "You're not your father. You can be an ass sometimes, but I see past all that to the man who could have pressured me into doing something I wasn't ready for because I agreed to a contract. But you waited. I see the man who chose me over Rachel Laraby and made me feel like there was no contest in the first place. I see the man who saw something in me that I didn't even see in myself."

It would have been the perfect time to tell him I loved him, but when he scooped me in his arms and kissed me deep, I just held tight to him, never wanting to let go.

****

I woke up to the smell of bacon and eggs. My stomach let out a throaty grumble of hunger as the rest of me adjusted to the new day. A glance at the clock on the wall read 11am which meant I'd gotten ample sleep, but I still felt exhausted.

Last night, one glass of wine became two bottles as Jacob bared it all. He talked about having living a charmed life. Toys, trips, clothes, servants-but feeling utterly poor in the affection department. His mother only came alive when his father was around, but that was such a rare treat that most of his memories starred his nanny instead of the woman that brought him into the world.

And then his father took him to Venice. His memories of picnics, making breakfast with 'Aunt Al', even grocery shopping, were adventures as he recounted happier days. And then it went back to the loneliness. His father was around more, but it was different. His father's unhappiness was like poison, breeding an environment of resentment. Suddenly, my complaints about my overbearing mother paled in comparison. At least I knew she loved me and didn't secretly wonder if my existence was the point where her marriage began to crumble. And my father would have cut off a limb than let me go a day without knowing that he cared about me more than anything.

I kicked off the covers and rubbed my eyes as I padded to the bathroom. I twisted the faucet and splashed water on my face, grinning at the t-shirt and chiffon skirt folded neatly on top of the hamper. I decided on a quick shower before slipping into fresh clothes.

I walked down the stairs, pausing in the doorway as I watched Jacob. He was dressed down in a heather gray tee and jeans, his dark hair still wet from the shower. His face was bright and warm as he scooped eggs onto two porcelain plates.

He glanced up and cracked a grin. "Mornin'."

"Good morning. It smells delicious in here." I walked to the island, taking in the plates with surprise. "This was you?"

"Yep," he grinned.

"Handsome, filthy rich, and can cook? Color me impressed."

He picked up the plates and moved to a table beside the window. With the light streaming in, the dishes look like something out of a gourmet magazine.

"Had to have some way to entertain myself while my parents were busy avoiding each other." He pulled out a chair for me then sat down in the one beside it. "My nanny made sure I could cook. She told me that even if I could afford Michelin star restaurants every night of the week, there was nothing sexier than a man that can cook."

"She's right," I said with a wink. I scooped up a forkful of fluffy eggs and let out a moan as they went down.

I didn't realize how hungry I really was until I took a break in between bites and saw that Jacob was watching me with amusement. A glance at my plate made my eyes widen in horror. I must have been literally shoveling food in my mouth because there were only a few bites left!

I snatched up the napkin beside me and dabbed at my mouth in embarrassment. His raucous laugh didn't help matters.

"If I just wanted beautiful women to pick at my creations I would have become a chef," he smirked. "I'm glad you enjoyed it."

I was still recovering and decided to flip the tables and watch him eat. "So how many angry voicemails did Rachel flood your inbox with last night?"

He swallowed and took a swig of his juice before answering. "Not a single one."

A chill ran over me, leaving goose bumps up and down my arms. Like someone was saying my name--while planning something especially horrific.

Jacob gave me a knowing look. "After her last stunt, I think she knows the score."

I ran my finger along the rim of my glass, the flutter making my heart ratchet up to a speed that was dangerous. After last night, there had been moments that I saw those three words screaming in his gaze. Searing in his touch. "So what is the score?"

His face dimmed. "That if she tries to come after you; after me--I'll handle her in Darwinian ways even she can't imagine."

I pursed my lips and sipped my OJ. Seeing him go to bat for me, for us, was hot. Completely. But I'd be a liar if I said I wasn't hoping for something more tacked on the end. For him to give me that look that undid me every time. Instead, he looked like he was ready to step in the ring.

He pushed his food around his plate with angry scrapes. "I still can't believe she actually played the blackmail card. Unbelievable." He stabbed at the bacon with his fork. "She was smart enough not to dial my number. I will ru-"

The sound of the word hanging unfinished was a stamp of approval. I'd slid onto the table, giving him my best 'come hither'. When I had his full attention, I pushed his plate out of the way, and took its place. The last thing I wanted to talk about was the gall of Rachel Laraby.

I leaned forward, fitting my mouth over his. His lips were warm and malleable and the groan he breathed as I drew him closer brought a smile to my lips. I stroked his cheek, waiting for him to make the next move.

He gaped at me. "Why Miss Montgomery, are you hungry for something else?"

Feeling bold and so horny I couldn't sit still, I eased back forward, gripping his curve through his dark wash jeans. "Absolutely."

"Well," he said with a husky edge, "If you want it, then take it."

I practically spilled into his lap. I tore at his jeans, tugged at his shirt. He was up, his mouth against mine with urgency, breaking only to remove my shirt. He moved to my zipper but I just hiked my skirt up, chiffon billowing all around me. I wrapped my legs around his waist and drew him in.

"I need you," I panted. "Right now. Just like this."

He pressed his mouth against mine and I pushed back as we breathed in and out together. When he thrust inside, he filled me so completely that I cried out. He studied me, slowing his thrusts.

"Are you ok?" he asked tenderly. There were no orders, no power plays now. His slow strokes turned the flash of discomfort into something molten. I looked up into his face, strained and taut with passion. I wanted to tell him that I was better than okay. That I'd never felt so free, so wild. I was the personification of every sappy love song. But every new thrust was making talking difficult. There were only grunts. Boisterous moans until I exploded around him and he in me.

Lying on the table with bits of egg in my hair and a grin that said he could go another round, the words just came out.

"I love you."

The grin dropped from his face immediately and all of the color rushed from his face. His mouth opened and closed and in his eyes I saw the absolute last thing a woman wanted to see in the eyes of a man she'd just poured her heart out to.

Horror.

Oh God.

I kicked my legs over the edge of the table, the thud of my landing the only audible sound. Inside, my heart was breaking.

I knew the next few moments were crucial. I could go with the overwhelming desire to scream and flip the table WWE style or the equally strong pull to sink to the floor and ball my eyes out. Both reactions would ensure that the awkward would zip off the charts. But the other option, pretending like his silence wasn't a big deal, would be just as devastating.

I was so certain he'd say it back-and now I felt the delicious breakfast he prepared rise in my throat like some bitter souffle. If he didn't love me...the thought was too much to bear. I felt like my throat was closing...like the walls were slowly creeping in on me.

I heard him behind me, buttoning up. Still quiet.

I wanted to whirl around and take him by the shoulders, shake him until it was impossible for him to keep up the damning self-restraint and all that would be left was the truth. But what if his silence was the truth? What if I'd been projecting this whole time and now those words were out there and he wasn't going to repeat them to me?

I breathed in and forced a smile that was like a punch to the stomach. "Um..." Um? Um?! "About what I just said. It was really dumb." I let out a laugh that sounded more like a cat choking. "Mostly just word vomit because our sex was like, Amazing. Like, amazing enough for me to say that I love you." His expression soured. "Not that I'm saying I would say something like that because the sex was good. Because I've had good sex. Lots of good sex." And now I sounded like a skank. I tried another laugh, trying to alleviate the weirdness, but I couldn't stop talking. Trying to explain. Trying to take back my declaration. "So what I said is not a big deal. And you don't have to say it back or anything." I swallowed. "I wasn't expecting you to say it back. At least not with me na**d and splayed out on the table with a bacon headdress. Maybe over a glass of wine at some ridiculously romantic restaurant. Or never. Because I just-"

"Leila, just stop."

So he could speak.

I looked at Jacob, the golden good looks, the hair perfectly coifed, abs rippling beneath his t-shirt, jeans fitting him just right. It wasn't fair that my body instantly responded to his. My heart rate was elevated. My skin hummed as I took him in. My lips trembled. It wasn't fair that even though he'd just ripped my heart from my chest that the rest of me went on without it. I stood there with some half assed smile on my face, waiting for him to twist the knife a little deeper.

"I just told you that you didn't have to worry about it," I said hoarsely.

"You just told me you loved me, Leila." His face was still pale, but at least he no longer looked like he was staring down the barrel of a .45. "I'd like to talk about that."

Dread shot through me as I glared at him. It wasn't enough to embarrass me--now he wanted to talk it out? Psycho analyze why me falling in love with him was the dumbest possible thing I could do? "I don't think we have anything to talk about."

He took a step closer and there was no mistaking the look on his face. Pity. "Leila-"

I moved further away, anger gobbling up my embarrassment. "Just forget I said anything." I turned my back, gripping the counter, needing something to ground me.

"I don't want to forget."

I tilted my head to the right. He said...did that mean..."You don't want to forget?"

"No, I don't," he replied. He looked me dead on. "I love you too, Leila."

I must have swayed a bit because he rushed to my side, steadying me. I slumped against him, smiling like a fool.

"Are you okay?" he asked, taking my face between his hands. "Do you need to sit down?"

"No," I said quickly, putting my hands over his. "You just..." I took a breath to keep from rambling all over again. "It just feels like Christmas hearing you say those words."

He gave me a playful smirk that made me beam from head to toe. "Well, I didn't say I was done." He led me back to the table and waited for me to sit down before he continued. "I loved you long before you crashed into me in the lobby. I love you because I wished for you. Someone strong willed who could tell me when I was being an ass and capture my heart in one fell swoop. I love you because you're amazing. Because you're beautiful. I love you because you make every new day better than the last."

When our lips met, it was like the last piece of a puzzle clicking into place. He loved me. Jacob Whitmore lov-

We both turned toward the foyer at the sound of a heavy thud. Jacob gave me one last peck then walked briskly from the room. Still in a daze, I started clearing the table. The sound of the porcelain plates clinging together was a symphony of awesomeness. I suddenly felt the urge to sing and thought better of it since I couldn't carry a tune in a bucket.

The floor creaked when Jacob re-entered the room. "Leila."

I whipped around and smiled when I saw Allegra until I took in the harried look on her face. "What's going on?"

Allegra glanced at Jacob. "I tried calling." She wrung her hands. "And that was after I tried to handle it myself."

"Just tell her," Jacob snapped.

"Tell me what?" I said, my mind running through possible scenarios. "Is it my mom? My dad?"

"No," Allegra said quickly. "It's Rachel." She let out a sigh. "She's locked herself in her hotel room and she says she'll kill herself unless she talks to you, Leila."

****

Jacob was moving so slow he was practically going backwards. "I don't understand why we had to drop everything and rush over here."

I looped my arm in his, trying to get him to move a little faster. "Because suicide is no joking matter."

"There's no way she'd go through with it," he snorted. "Rachel's a textbook narcissist. She'd never voluntarily deprive the world of herself."

I knew he was right and that this was just another attempt by Rachel to sabotage us. A part of me wanted to let Jacob lead me back downstairs and put as many miles between us and this latest Rachel drama. But there was another part of me that blistered and made me drag Jacob back into motion. My conscience just wouldn't let me walk away.

We walked up to the double doors of Rachel's suite. Allegra stood talking to Mrs. Joy, Rachel's new publicist, who was clutching a cup of coffee like it was her lifeline. When I saw the manic look in Mrs. Joy's eyes, I had a feeling it wasn't her first.

Once she saw Jacob, she started babbling. "She refuses to open the door. When I attempted to get management to unlock it-"

"She threatened self-harm," Allegra finished. She gave the woman a pat on the shoulder. "Mrs. Joy did the best she could in a bad situation."

Mrs. Joy nodded eagerly. "She's been in the room for over two hours. I exhausted every possible solution before contacting you, Mr. Whitmore."

"Well there's the problem," Jacob said, glowering at her. "If you would have contacted me first, the situation would have been resolved."

The woman's shade paled, probably envisioning her pink slip. "Y-you would have?"

"Absolutely," Jacob replied coolly. "I would have told you to inform Ms. Laraby that she should get on with it."

Allegra pushed forward, her face crinkled with disappointment. "Jacob, you cannot mean this."

I steered Jacob away, dropping my volume. "I know Rachel's not your favorite person, but you can't expect me to walk away when she could possibly hurt herself." I gripped his hand. "And the man I love wouldn't walk away either."

He gave me a long, pensive look. "Not even if every fiber of him is screaming to let the bitch burn?"

I brought his hand to my lips. "Even then." I cocked my head toward the doors. "Now I'm going to go and talk to her. And then you and I are going out for gelato."

The last bit brought a hint of a smile. He begrudgingly released my hand. "Should I go in? Make sure she's unarmed?"

A shot of fear raced through me. I hadn't even considered the possibility of being in danger. If she was threatening to harm herself, it wasn't a long shot for her to hurt me. "I...um..."

Jacob shook his head, eyes flashing. "There's no way in hell I'm letting you go in there alone."

I was inclined to agree until I saw Mrs. Joy talking in hushed tones on her cell. I circled around Jacob. "What's going on?"

Allegra cast a cautious look at Jacob before answer. "She's talking to Rachel."

Jacob rushed past, Mrs. Joy in his crosshairs, but Allegra stood firmly between them.

"Get out of my way Al," Jacob growled. "I want to talk to her."

"That's a horrible idea," Allegra said. "You could very well make things worse."

"Worse?" Jacob snarled. "It's far too late for that." He glared at Mrs. Joy. "If you value your job, you will give me that phone."

"Jacob Matthew Whitmore!" Allegra scolded. "Don't you dare threaten this woman for attempting to do the job you hired her for!"

I glanced at the doors and saw that Rachel had opened one a few inches. Our eyes locked and I knew she wasn't gonna hurt me. I took a few steps toward the room and Allegra's gaze gave me away so I pushed inside and closed the door before Jacob could plow through it.

I stood against it, feeling every blow Jacob laid on the wood echo through me.

"Leila! You don't have to do this."

I tried to steady my voice. "I'm fine, Jacob. Just give us a few minutes."

He let out a string of expletives, but the pounding stopped.

Leila let out a grunt then took a long drag from the cigarette dangling between her fingers. "You came."

"Well it was that or let you do something crazy." As soon as the C word came out, I cringed. Generally, crazy people didn't actually like being called crazy. I tried to look past the scowl on her lips and put a smile on mine. "I'm here to help, Rachel. Whatever you need."

She gestured at me with her cigarette, sending a shower of ashes raining on the mocha colored carpet. "I spent all night trying to figure out what it was about you." She sniffed. "I really didn't expect you to come." She combed through her hair with her fingers. "If it were reversed, I sure as hell wouldn't come to your rescue."

"Color me unsurprised," I shrugged.

She let out a bitter chuckle. "And that was my answer. You're a better person than me. I'm the villain of this story and you're Mother freaking Theresa." When I didn't respond, she snapped her fingers and waved her arms around. "Did you hear me? I just said that you win."

I stared at the face that graced hundreds of magazine covers throughout her career, hailing her beauty and grace. A woman that I'd seen in countless movies, rooting for her, wishing I could be here, envisioning how amazing her life must be. Here she was, nursing a bottle of champagne and wearing the same dress she'd been in the night before. Without all the flashing lights and the glitz and glamour, she was just a woman. And not a great one at that.

So I did something really inappropriate. I busted out laughing.

Not just a hearty chuckle, mind you. I'm talking bent at the waist, hands at my side guffaws.

"I'm sorry," I said, gasping for air. "It's just...I win? Are you for real?" I swiped at the tears pouring down my cheeks. "You do realize that you were playing with people's lives right? When you tried to put my ass all over the blogosphere? When you threatened to go public with the contracts? And then with the whole suicide thing?"

The look she gave me was the equivalent of a shrug. I should have tackled her, but I just laughed even harder.

"I don't understand what's so hilarious." She snubbed out her cigarette and rose to her feet. "I'm being serious. I'm conceding. You can go live happily ever after."

I took a couple of breaths as the laughter tapered off. The silence was sobering. I wanted to think it was the alcohol that kept her from grasping the gravity of the situation, but that would make me as crazy as she clearly was. The unfortunate truth was that I was locked in a bedroom with a child.

"Thank you for yet another chapter in the dramatic book of your life, Rachel." I turned to go. "Next time you get the urge to off yourself, call 911 instead of your publicist."

She practically lunged forward, blocking me from leaving. "Where are you going?"

"Away," I said. "Now move."

"Not until you say thank you," she said, crossing her arms.

"Thank you?" I repeated incredulously.

"That's right," she said, squaring her shoulders. "Jacob Whitmore is one helluva catch, even with that silly dominant stuff. I'm doing you a favor by letting you have him."

I stood there, truly dumbfounded. Where the hell did she get off? "You think that can let me have Jacob? What are we, in elementary school?" She opened her mouth, but I wasn't done. "He's not Lisa Frank pencils or a Trapper Keeper. He's a person, not an object, Rachel. And before you stand in front of my exit for one more second, you should know that I've pretty much spent every moment we're within five feet of each other imagining what it would be like to punch you in the face."

Her eyes did widen, but she remained planted in place. "Before you assault me, maybe I can give you the truth. Why I really asked you here."

I got ready to physically remove her. "Truth and you just don't mix."

"I'm Rachel Laraby!" she blurted. I felt like she meant it to be some great declaration, but it came out false, even with the queenly glint in her eye. "I'm the object of fantasy. Of envy. And I can't make the one man that matters love me."

I should have just shoved her out of the way. Seen her confession as part of some greater scheme to further sabotage Jacob and me. But there was my damned conscience again. The same thing that had me locked in a suite with a crazy celebrity instead of eating gelato with Jacob.

I let out a sigh and took a step backward. I scanned her face, trying to find some sign that she was playing me again. I only saw a woman wearing the same despondent look I'd worn when I realized Jacob might not love me.

Rachel abandoned her post and went back to her bed and retrieved her pack of cigarettes. She offered me one and when I declined, she lit one for herself.

"Did he tell you why?" she asked. "Why he ended things with me?"

I nibbled my lip, remembering when he finally opened up about their short lived courtship. "I'm not sure it's my place..."

"Just tell me," she snapped. When she spied the cool look on my face, she softened. "Please."

I knew my admission could quite possibly make things worse. She gazed at me hopefully, like she was expecting it to be her propensity for drama both on and off screen. "He just..." I glanced back at the door. I could still make a run for it.

She inched to the edge of the bed, eyes narrowed. Like she was ready to pounce. "He just what?"

"He just doesn't like you," I blurted. I stopped, surprising myself that it was so easy to say out loud after all. Even cathartic. "He said there was no chemistry. No spark."

She took me in for a long moment, like she was waiting to see if I was being serious. She let out a 'heramph' and slid off the bed, gesturing at the door. "You can go."

That was it? She'd acted like they were Romeo and Juliet this whole time and she wasn't throwing a diva tantrum? Something was up. I glanced around for something, anything I could use as a weapon if she snapped and rushed at me.

But she wasn't giving me crazy eyes. She was standing at the mirror, using a napkin to wipe off her old makeup. She paused mid swipe to glare. Like it was me who was acting bizarre.

"Sweetie," she said with a chuckle. "Unless you're going to help me get beautiful for those paparazzi camped out downstairs, you're free to go."

I slowly rose to my feet, still watching her for any sign that she would erupt. "I know I should just be grateful that I can finally get the hell out of here, but I don't get it."

She gathered her dark hair at the nape of her neck. "Don't get what?"

"That you were ready to destroy me, to destroy Jacob, just twenty four hours ago and now you're over it."

She pointed at her back zipper. "Can you grab that?"

I frowned. "I'd rather not."

She turned back to me, her face completely scrubbed of makeup. She looked a lot more girl next door instead of glamazon. It brought me a small measure of happiness. "It's really not rocket science, sweetie. Sometimes people just don't mesh. And Jacob Whitmore is far from the only fish in the sea, if you know what I mean." She licked her lips. "I guess I just needed closure." She turned back to the mirror. "Could you send Mrs. Joy back in?"

Still shaking my head, I walked out of the room. Allegra was standing beside Jacob a few feet away. Jacob rushed to me, the concern lining his features bringing a smile to my face.

Allegra was the first to speak. "Are you okay? What happened?"

"She's fine," I said with a sigh. "Absolutely fine."

"I see." Jacob brought his lips to my temple and pushed past, clearly about to do something he was going to regret.

I grabbed his arm and brought him back to me. "I just want to get out of here. I think someone owes me gelato."

"If you think I'm going to let her get away with this-"

"She said she's done," I cut in wearily. "So it's done." He still shot daggers at her open door, so I perked on my toes and kissed his cheek. "I don't want to waste one more second on Rachel Laraby, Jacob."

He looked at me, then back at the room, then back again. I could see the conflict in him and I fell a little harder. Jacob Whitmore, the formidable businessman, was geared and ready to knock a starlet down a peg or two. For me.

"If you're sure..." he said hesitantly.

"I've never been surer about anything." I smiled at Allegra giving me thumbs up and steered Jacob toward the elevators.

Once the doors slid closed, Jacob brought me in close. "You know this conversation is nowhere near finished, right?"

I let out a sigh of content as we landed on the first floor and stepped out of the elevator, hand in hand. "Wouldn't have it any other way." I froze, remembering what Rachel said about the paparazzi on the first floor. "Maybe we should get the car to meet us around back?"

Jacob's brow knitted in confusion. "Around back?"

I nodded. "The photographers...or maybe you can go first then I'll wait five minutes and join you?"

I released his hand, but he didn't let mine go. "What better way to take my hat out of the ring for the world's sexiest bachelor than a picture or two with my beautiful personal assistant?"

I lit up at his reply. "Are you sure?"

His lips spread into a smile. "I love you, Miss Montgomery." He nodded in the direction of the revolving doors. "Are you sure? Because if you think your world was crazy as my assistant, just wait until you become the woman that stole Jacob Whitmore's heart."

The reporters snapped to attention as soon as Jacob and I breezed through the lobby. Flashes erupted as Jacob cycled through the revolving doors. He waited for me to join him, his hand stretched toward mine.

The reporters buzzed excitedly and one question rose above the others.

"Mr. Whitmore? Who's with you?"

Jacob looked him dead on. "Leila Montgomery. My girlfriend."

