CHAPTER ONE

The music is in my blood. It pours from the stage, an orchestra whispering sweet nothings all around me. The room is dark, the couples around us swaying in beautiful silence. Diamonds glitter at throats. Cuff links twinkle like stars. I'm wrapped in something lush and silk, and when the violinist plays a long, mournful note, I'm wrapped in muscle.

Him.

Face cloaked in shadow, his smell everything and nothing at all. I hold my breath as he spins me, and I do a perfect pirouette that should have been impossible. There's a whisper in the back of my mind that this isn't real. The word 'dream' races across my skin like goosebumps, but it disappears just as quickly. There's nothing but our dance. Bodies moving slow, feeling every last note, every flutter of the butterfly wings that turn my stomach inside out. I peer into the darkness, seeking out this stranger; this man whose hands know just where to roam. Where to linger. He's playing me as expertly as any musician on the stage. Stroking and pressing, listening to the way my body responds to him. My body was made for his touch.

And then the music changes.

A page rips and the sensual notes become sinister. Low and foreboding. The violin that crooned is screeching as my lover's grip tightens. I can't breathe. The things that sparkled are now like lightning.

I'm cloaked in pitch darkness.

I'm sinking.

Fading.

My mouth is open as I stare into nothing. The silence comes-and is split in half as I shatter into pieces.

My eyes pop open. The sound from my dream followed me into reality. It's like cymbals crashing; a metallic crunch that set my teeth on edge.

I'm tangled up in white sheets, officially awake. My heart froze in my chest, seizing when I realize that I'm alone-which meant that Logan was behind that sound. A sound that was alarmingly similar to glass breaking.

Okay, I'm up.

"Logan?" My feet creaked on the hardwood floor as I launched myself from the bed. The source of the sound was the bathroom, a soft amber glow kissing the mostly dimmed master bedroom. It contradicted the loud echo that hung in the silence. I took two more steps, dread rising in my throat. Why wasn't he answering?

I nervously fumbled through my wild blonde locks, pushing them out of my tired eyes. "Logan, is everything okay?"

A sharp hiss of pain was my answer and I rushed forward, my feet barely touching the floor-until I skidded to a stop in the doorway of the bathroom.

There he was, just as muscled and gorgeous as I remembered. Golden skin and perfectly cut abs. Black boxer briefs slung low, hugging a c**k I was intimately familiar with.

And then I saw it.

Bright red streaked across his thigh. He was cradling his right fist, more of the red stuff on his hands. I looked past him to the sink. Tiny pieces of pink glass made a brutal mosaic, but it wasn't nearly as brutal as the look on Logan's face. Even when he was in Dom mode, or hurt like when I rushed out, refusing him when he first called me a submissive, it wasn't in the same vein of the darkness that now invaded his handsome features. The snarl was no longer on his lips but I saw the remains of it, snapping and biting. Keeping me at a distance. His jaw was tight and I swallowed hard, worried if that alone would be enough to make him snap. But the worst thing of all was his eyes. Eyes so green-usually filled with playfulness and a deep, poignant need that spoke to me-were so cold that I trembled. Those were the eyes of someone that had dark, terrible plans for some unfortunate soul. Combined with the bloody fist and broken mirror, I was starting to wonder if I should try and make a break for it.

The thought was quickly silenced, the moment of insanity fading as his eyes softened, bringing back memories of us. Of what I was sure were some of the best days of my life. Stumbling on him using the outdoor shower, in all his glory. The amused smirk as he introduced himself and I nearly stopped breathing on the spot.

I was in Pleasure Point, a couples beach trip that turned solo when my ex dumped me without warning. It turned out to be a blessing in disguise, because I never would have met Logan Mason-and now that he was in my life, I couldn't even remember what life was like before him.

Pain flitted across his face, and I pulled my eyes back to his fist.

Well, one thing's for sure. Never a dull moment.

I reached for him. "Are you okay?"

He arched a 'obviously not' eyebrow. Even I rolled my eyes inwardly. He'd punched a mirror and was bleeding all over the place. It was clear that he was far from okay. "Let me see."

He pulled his hand back defensively, and too quickly for its current state of health because he let out a rumbling, suppressed groan.

It was my turn to arch my eyebrow. "Serves you right." I slowly maneuvered around him, letting him nurse his hand and ego as I rummaged through the set of drawers beside his sink. I was going to just grab a wet washcloth and clean it with H20, but I saw a small jar of witch hazel pads. I screwed open the top and bit my lip when I saw it was nearly empty. I tried not to think about what he used them for regularly. Lovers who bore the marks from intense play sessions? Or was this far from the first time he drove his fist into something out of anger?

I put the questions aside, glaring at him until he surrendered his injured hand. His muscles were tense and unyielding as I reached for the battered knuckles. He relaxed when the sting was something tolerable, instead of the unbearable pain he was expecting. Something inside me unwound too. If this was a regular occurrence, he'd know that it was alcohol that brought the strongest man to his knees, not a little dab of witch hazel.

I inspected the wound, but it appeared that most of the glass was on the counter and sink. "Doesn't look like you'll need stitches."

A smile pricked his lips. "Are you a doctor?"

I couldn't find mine. "Are you a boxer?"

His smile disappeared and he sighed, the slightest of tints invading his cheeks. "About all of this-" He stopped, pulling his hand free. Close to giving me an explanation, but deciding better of it. "I'm sorry I woke you up."

If he expected me to just let it go, he was sorely mistaken. I hurled daggers up at him, not caring that he had a couple of feet on me and was giving me a look that said 'drop it'. "What's going on, Logan?"

He turned his back to me, attempting to close the subject. "I'll grab something for the glass. Are you hungry-"

"Nu uh."

He glanced back at me, surprise clouding his bright green gaze. "What?"

"You're not gonna sweep this subject away like you're planning to sweep up the glass and pretend it didn't happen."

He left the bathroom with a heavy sigh. "It's nothing, Melissa."

I peered to my left, my reflection split into a million pieces. Fractured. But there was one thing that was clear. Something that forced me to follow him and demand the truth. "I'm not going to do this again."

He stopped, two steps away from leaving the bedroom.

"There were so many things that I should have said to Jason. That he should have said to me. We didn't talk," I said, willing my voice not to break. It didn't, even though just saying my ex's name was enough to bring a barrage of pain and loss crashing into me. Threatening to pull me under. Even though it hurt, I thrust my head above water, air screaming in my lungs. "I don't want to run from the difficult stuff because it's easy. I don't want secrets." I stood tall before him, knowing that I was about to make an ultimatum of sorts. It had to be said, had to be done before I fell for Logan any harder. "If you want to be with me, then you have to let me in. I let you in-"

"You fought me tooth and nail," he added, turning back to me slowly.

"True," I confirmed, giving him an inch. "But I let you in. I admitted something that terrified me." Emotion clutched my throat. "I was honest with myself, and you. I'm just asking for the same consideration."

Those eyes of his, eyes that seemed to plow right through my defenses and see the me beneath it all, were so troubled. When he rushed a hand over his dark hair and gave me a crisp nod, I saw just how afraid he was...and it made me want to hear it, and be there for him, even more.

He gave me a look like he was a man staring down the barrel of a .45 and said the last thing I ever would have expected.

"I'm going to be a father."

CHAPTER TWO

He waited for the blow to land. Waited for me to snap, 'Fuck this!' and abandon ship. It was shameful, but that thought had buzzed through my mind. After all, what did I really know about this man? Logan Mason-hot as hell, fingers that felt like heaven, and a c**k that made me wonder how I ever came without it inside me. Worth more money than I could wrap my mind around. And he had a celebrity girlfriend who apparently thought it was no biggie just to show up at his house.

A celebrity girlfriend that was pregnant, and Logan was the father.

That alone should have made me get the eff out of dodge, but my heart never did have much sense. Or maybe I was in shock. My mind seemed to be moving at lightning speed, but my body was stuck on pause.

Father.

Logan's gonna be a father.

I knew it was selfish, but what did that mean for us? We weren't even together, were we? I was going to go from lover, to girlfriend, to some sort of stepmom, in less than a week.

A throbbing pain filled my chest. I wanted kids of course. Some day. If Logan's reaction was any indication, he was not on the procreation bandwagon.

"Are you okay?"

He grimaced as he cut a hand through his dark , wavy hair. "I've been better." His eyes twitched with something that looked a lot like annoyance. He caught on to my attempt at deflecting almost immediately. "Are you okay, Melissa?"

I fidgeted, switching from one foot to the other like that would alleviate the knots in my chest. I refused to look him in the eye, even though I felt his gaze pulling me in. Commanding me even though I was locked onto his chest. "I'm fine." It was a lie, one that sounded phony to my own ears. From the grunt in the back of his throat, he didn't believe it either.

"Melissa-"

His fingertips grazed my cheek...and I lurched backward, my body instantly on alert. A cold sweat exploded all over me, my pulse raced, my heart galloped in my chest. I couldn't help but look up at him as warmth clutched my face.

His expression was dark and pained as he raked over my beet red face. "You're terrified of me, but you're fine?"

"I'm not terrified of you," I rebutted weakly. I knew my actions spoke louder than any words and in this case, every movement screamed that I was afraid of him. Deep down I knew it wasn't quite so cut and dry. From the hurt that deepened his green eyes to emerald, I knew I needed to explain myself, and do it quick.

"I'm just overwhelmed," I insisted. To stress the point, I took a step toward him and flashed a uncomfortable smile. "Would I do this if I was afraid of you?" I leaned forward and brushed my lips against his.

He didn't return the kiss, breaking away. He gave me a look that didn't hold a single note of joviality or humor. "This is about the mirror." He flexed his hand. "I'm not-I don't do that. I'm not someone that lets my emotions get the better of me. And the idea that I did something that frightened you, that made you feel like I would cause you harm..." He didn't finish the sentence, but the words were seared into his eyes. Anguish. Shame.

Forgetting my brief moment of fear I drew to him, both hands cradling his face. I went on my tiptoes, staring deep into those eyes filled with pain. I said the words that I knew were true, to my very core. Words I hadn't been sure of a few minutes ago when everything seemed so blurry and confusing. I ignored the shatter of glass and listened instead to the thundering in my chest.

"I know you'd never hurt me, Logan. Well," I added, injecting humor in my voice, "Not unless I asked to be hurt."

He didn't relax or even crack a grin. He still looked troubled, gently bringing my hands from his face and stepping backward. He glanced down at his battered fist, the knuckles still an angry red. He didn't look at the wound like it brought him pain. His eyes bore into the broken flesh like one would gaze at an old friend that you hadn't seen in years.

"When I was a kid," he began, his voice a deep, relaxing river that rippled over my skin. "My knuckles looked like this more often than not." He clenched his fist. "I wore it like a badge of honor. I was smaller than the other kids. My clothes weren't name brand. Hell, for all I know they were the throw away clothes that my classmates sent to Goodwill. Recycled hand me downs so they could have the latest, coolest whatever. But these?" He brought his other fist to join the first, practically in a fighting stance. "This set me apart. It made me special. Feared."

I swallowed, stomach knotting and twisting. I wasn't sure what emotion I should turn to first. Guilt wasted no time stepping to the front. I wasn't one of the kids that picked on the smaller kids with the hand me downs and dirty sneakers, but I didn't stand up for them, or go out of my way to befriend them either. I'd rationalized it somehow, cleared my conscience by elbowing or chastising friends that went too far, or shook my head at their cruel jokes. But face to face with someone whose childhood was filled with hurt, who obviously needed someone to be his friend and an ally in some way other than just in spirit and silence, my conscience didn't feel so clear. Being silent seemed like as great a sin as the ones committed by the tormentors.

His eyes flickered to me and he flashed a pained smile. "I'm not telling you this to make you feel guilty or to garner your sympathy. I want you to understand where I came from, and who I'm not. I want you to know me, Melissa."

My heart hopped in my chest, my face on fire as I stole away from his intense gaze.

"I never said this out loud, but I fought because I was afraid," he pressed on. "I didn't have much besides my dignity, so I held on to it the only way I knew how. With my fists."

I nodded slowly, understanding. "You snapped because you thought she was disrespecting you."

"Delilah has been disrespecting me since the day I ended things with her. That's nothing new," he said bitterly. "The thing that hit me like a cinderblock to the chest, was fear."

Of course.

He was afraid of being a father.

He walked to the landing, bracing himself on the wooden bannister. He looked down at the first floor, but I knew he wasn't seeing the travertine tile and high end furnishings. He was pulled back to the past. A time when the life he now lived probably seemed as likely as pigs flying.

"I didn't know my father. But from the things my mother said about him-" His grip tightened, his whole body taut and ready to fight.

"Logan," I said softly. Just a single word. Trying to bring him out of the darkness and back to me.

He relaxed, casting his eyes over his shoulder at me, then tearing them away again. He was trying to unload the weight of his past and what drove him to his actions-and he wasn't done.

"The role models I had for fatherhood weren't the best. Men who hit my mother. A couple who raised their hand to me. I learned early on that you're either the one being hit, or you could do the hitting. Feel pain, or dish it out."

I nibbled on my bottom lip, doing my own walk down Memory Lane, but I just breezed back to a few days ago. Hearing him talk about submission and dominance. I thought it was just sexual, but now I wasn't so sure. Was his need to dominate born out of childhood trauma?

"Before you even ask, I didn't become a Dom because I was smacked around as a kid," he said, reading my mind. "I wondered the same thing, but I made peace with those demons long ago." He turned back to me, his face shadowed. "I just have my moments."

I wrapped my arms around his waist, leaning into his warmth. I felt as close to him as I had when he was deep inside me. Like he was giving me a piece of himself. How many times had I tried to pull something out of Jason, wanting more than the surface? I talked about my mother, my father, my worries about a future that wasn't my own. And he listened, but he never talked. He never really let me in. But this man, this enigma, was allowing me to see his scars. To see the good and the bad. It felt good. Right. As close to home as I'd ever felt with anyone.

He whispered a kiss on my forehead, inhaling my scent like it was the sweetest thing.

"You know," I began, deciding to take another stab at a joke. "When I have moments, it usually involves drunken texts and voicemails or eating everything in my fridge."

A smile dashed across his face. "Something to look forward to."

Before I could tell him that Crazy Melissa was absolutely, positively nothing to look forward to, he pressed his lips to mine. The kiss we shared was filled with the things that songs were written about. Tenderness, excitement, hope for what was to come. I felt his lips all over my body, seared into me in the most delicious way. When we came up for air, both breathless, I thought about something that was completely insane. Maybe we could make this work after all. I felt like nothing was tethering me to the ground, so filled with happiness that I could fly. Anything else was easy, as conquerable as the clouds that were so close that I could touch them.

"I think I'm in love with you."

The words slipped out in the haze. A haze that cleared almost instantly when Logan's eyes filled with horror.

If my ascent was magical, a high that nothing else compared to, crashing back to earth was the thing that nightmares were made of.

I covered my mouth, but it was too late. The words were out, and he was still looking at me like cockroaches, snakes, and spiders were crawling all over me.

I squeezed my eyes shut, knee buckling nausea hitting me in waves. Before I could attempt to take it back, he cleared his face of emotion and spoke.

"Melissa, let me-"

"Explain?" I finished hoarsely. The nausea was fading and burning, lava hot anger was bubbling to the surface and spewing out of my mouth. "Don't worry about it. I'm the dumb one that fell for some guy I've barely known for a week. A guy who told me he doesn't do relationships." I hit below the belt. "A guy who punches mirrors when life gets tough."

His jaw tightened. Razor sharp. "If you could let me finish-"

"Don't." I turned on my heels, fleeing down the stairs. It was almost a Cinderella moment, except the thing I left behind was my underwear-and a broken heart.

CHAPTER THREE

I stepped into Mika's Brew and Pastry, and barely got two feet in the door before I came to a hard stop. Just like always, Mika's had a line clear out the door. Men in two piece suits, women in blouses and razor sharp black pants; men in hard hats, students and women with little ones in tow-we all lined up for our hit of caffeine. The baristas shouted out names at the pick up station. The air was heavy with the aroma of warm croissants and meaty biscuits. The same artsy fartsy pictures hung on the walls, surrounded by the small cafe tables you had to fight it out Hunger Games style to score. Everything was just as I remembered it when I left for Pleasure Point.

Everything but me.

When I got back home and stepped into my apartment, I remembered how Logan's lab, Maddie, would rush to meet me, nearly knocking me over she was so excited. I remembered seeing him in some manner of undress, his muscled chest glittering beneath the skylight. The devilish wink that made me weak in the knees. The eyes filled with dark promises that made my body ache for his touch. And sleeping? It was more lack thereof. After I finally tossed and turned myself to unconsciousness, I'd wake up and throw my arm to his side of the bed and jerk myself awake when it dropped to the mattress.

But I soldiered on. I lied to myself as I went through my routine. Said it was all a dream. All in my head. Had to be-because I must have been living a fantasy if I ever thought Logan Mason wanted me for anything except for sex. Anger put fire in my belly and when I walked into work and nailed my pitches and secured two new high profile clients for Kaleidoscope Marketing, even my dad seemed impressed. Somehow I held it together. I avoided the internet and gossip websites. Even if Access Hollywood's commercial popped up, I changed the channel. Hearing about Delilah or seeing his face was the storm cloud that hung above my head and I lived in constant fear that the sky would open up at any moment.

I put on a good show, though. I even swapped a few lighthearted texts with my best friend, Stacia Rodriguez. But there was something about Mika's that was making me come undone. Sweat exploded at my temple, my heart punched my chest as I shuffled forward and the door shut behind me. The walls seemed to be closing in, trapping me. When a familiar voice rang out above the conversation and drum of the espresso machine, I knew why.

"Melissa! Over here!"

I drew a shaky breath and searched for the smile I'd been forcing on my lips all week before I faced her. She had prime real estate in front of the bay windows, easy access to several outlets. Her smile glittered as brightly as the sun that shone through the painted glass. Her makeup was lighter than she usually wore it, her natural beauty stunning me even though I'd seen her without a stroke of it on at all. I wasn't the only one that noticed. Several of the men in line shifted in her direction even though their names were likely not Melissa. I maneuvered through the cafe and pulled my smile tighter. She leapt from her seat and threw her arms around my neck like it had been two years since we'd seen each other instead of two weeks. She released me, giving me a minute to catch my breath as she stood back and inspected me. I waited for her face to fall and the barrage of questions to hit me like the waves back in Pleasure Point.

"You look amazing!"

I rolled my eyes, lowering myself into the seat across from hers. "Did you add a little something extra to your coffee this morning?"

She reclaimed her seat, her eyes shining with excitement. "Coffee? None for me, thanks." She pointed a manicured finger at her coffee cup. I arched my brow expectantly. She made a grander gesture, but I was clearly still missing something. When she finally picked up a string that was dangling on the side, I nearly fell out of my seat.

"You're drinking tea?" I feigned horror, my eyes going wide. "Who are you, and what have you done with Stacia Rodriguez?!"

"Ha ha," she said, sticking her tongue out at me. She rolled her shoulders back. Shoulders that weren't clad in her usual blazer, and beneath, some monotone blouse. Her caramel colored skin was accentuated by a lilac colored sleeveless top. I craned my neck around and saw she wore a billowing, beach approved pleated skirt.

I rattled off the list. "No coffee, hardly any makeup-"

She wiggled her eyebrows. "No makeup actually."

I made a face. Entire YouTube series existed to create the sun kissed look she had naturally. "I stand corrected: no coffee, no makeup, no blazer and slacks...what's going on?"

She brought her cup to her lips, but I still saw the secret smile on her lips. "Can't I just switch things up?" Before I could rebuff that and remind her that she was the queen of structure and routine, she added, "Let's just say a lot of things can happen in two weeks."

"Ain't that the truth," I muttered, and instantly regretted it when I looked up and saw the concern rush across her face.

"What? What happened? Is everything okay?"

I swiped the second cup on the table, dodging the question. "For me? You shouldn't have." I paused midair. "None of that tea nonsense right?"

"Hell no," she shuddered. "I remember you going off when they tried to pass decaf off on you."

I took a hearty gulp, relaxing since we were talking about anything except my vacation-though heat rushed my cheeks at the memory of my brief freak out a few months back. Apparently, she was never going to let me live it down. "I didn't go off."

"You hurled the cup in the trashcan and hissed that you never ordered decaf. You were moments away from leaping over the counter and beating the poor barista within an inch of her life," Stacia joked.

I winced, remembering the day more vividly than I'd like. I'd gotten into it with my father after he set me up for failure, spearheading three major ad campaigns on top of a massive workload. He added the hair that broke the camel's back when he told me he wanted me to take on two more clients that wanted a complete image overhaul. I'd snapped and he'd called me an ungrateful brat and I'd stormed over to Mika's for some much caffeine. I couldn't put my anger where it belonged, so the barista unfortunately stepped in the line of fire. I was so lost in the memory that I forgot I was avoiding one conversation and my silence was just reinforcing the fact that I wasn't okay.

"So, you going to tell me what that little comment was about?" Casual clothing or not, her face was intent and serious as a heart attack. Her dark brown eyes were trained on me, scouting for the truth. No wonder her conviction rate was so high. It was impossible to be on the receiving end of her glare and hold on to your secrets.

"Not sure what you mean." My hand shook as I took another sip. I squirmed beneath her gaze and ripped my eyes away, yanking them up to a TV on the wall. I nearly dropped my coffee when Delilah's face popped on the screen.

There she was, dressed in some skin tight number that looked better suited for a club than a morning talk show. It was black and barely covered her lithe frame. Her fire engine red hair was wild and unkempt, like she'd just f**ked back stage and remembered she had an interview. Her jade green eyes were bloodshot, intensified by jet black eyeliner and mascara. The volume was lost, but from the deep breath she drew and the shocked looks that reverberated across the hosts faces, I had an idea of what she was saying.

The words emblazoned across the bottom of the screen confirmed it: 'Actress pregnant by billionaire businessman'. I told myself to breathe, because I knew what was next, but I still gasped when Logan's face shone down at me. The picture must have been recent because I'd done a fair amount of Googling despite everything in me screaming it would do me no good, and every picture I'd found he looked impeccable. Not a hair out of place, clean shaven, usually clad in some dark and tailored two piece suit. The Logan above me looked haggard, his hair somehow longer than I remembered. Stubble lined his jaw. His appearance wasn't collected and sophisticated, and he was practically growling at the camera.

He looked miserable.

I felt like that should have brought me comfort. Some form of karma for the broken heart I refused to admit I had. But I didn't feel a sense of justice or that he got his comeuppance. My heart leapt to my throat as I stared at the image like I wanted to pull him from the television and into the room. Like I wanted to pull him into my arms. I wanted to tell him I missed him and I knew the timing of me saying I loved him couldn't have been worst if I planned it. I wanted to tell him that even though we only had a week together, it was the best week of my life...and that couldn't be it. I couldn't bear it if I never saw him again.

"Huh. I thought you weren't into all that celebrity gossip stuff?" Stacia snapped me from my thoughts. Her head was tilted slightly, like I was a puzzle she was trying to figure out, gathering the pieces together one by one.

I downed my coffee and gave her a smile so big it went to my hairline. "What can I say? It happens to the best of us." I pushed back from the table, already planning my escape route. "I actually only have a few minutes. Lots of meetings back at the office."

She rose too, but she gave me a little slack and didn't follow. Very minimal slack.

"I'm not dropping this, Melissa! We'll talk later."

I gave her an awkward wave and stepped onto the bustling sidewalk, fading into the crowd. The Kaleidoscope building was right across the street, but I walked past it. I needed to move, to stay in motion. I wasn't ready to admit that I was trying to outrun the memory of Logan's lips pressed against mine.

CHAPTER FOUR

I collected myself as best I could as the elevator dragged me back up to Kaleidoscope's offices on the 15th floor. The door opened and the switch inside me flipped, turning my face bright and happy. Years of my father drilling into me that appearances were important, were everything, had been seared into my consciousness. Even though I wanted to climb into my car and drive to San Francisco, find Logan and do...something, I launched my heels forward, turning to my ever growing stack of projects.

I flashed Brenda Walker a smile that I mostly meant. She was the receptionist for Kaleidoscope, perched at the front desk and the only one that gave it to my dad straight and still had her job. She was 65, with salt and pepper hair and kind eyes. I wasn't close with my grandparents, but if I would have had the opportunity to pick my grandmother, I would have picked Brenda.

I angled toward the back offices, but she waved me over, giddy with excitement. I slowly approached her, apprehension barely hitting my radar as I got caught up in her bright eyed bouncing.

"What's the occasion?" I bit my lip, adrenaline shooting through me like a rocket. "Oh my gosh is it Dietnem Motors? They decided to sign?"

She pushed her horn rimmed glasses to the bridge of her nose, only to have them fall back to their original place as she shook her head effusively. "No, it's much better than that!"

I was officially on the edge of my seat. The Dietnem family behind the regional stock car racing team had money in the bank...millions to spare that was burning a hole in their pocket since one of their drivers became an overnight sensation. The problem? The patriarch at the head of the family, Johnny Dietnem, was old school and hated every single concept he was presented with. After our last meeting when he all but stormed out, we were all waiting for them to say they were going with a different firm. Dad was offering a significant raise for whoever could get them to sign the dotted line.

Brenda clasped her hands together with glee. "Someone sent you flowers!"

I repeated it in my head twice before it clicked and when it registered, I gripped the side of her desk. How did Logan know that I'd been thinking about him? Missing him, craving him? My mouth was dry and dusty. I struggled to find the words, to say something, but only a croak came out.

Brenda gripped my hands tight, her joy cocooning me in warmth and care. "I'm so happy you found a nice boy after that no good Jason! You know first comes flowers, then comes marriage-"

I couldn't help but laugh at that. A grandmother through and through, trying to marry me off. "I'm not sure that's how it goes, Mrs. Walker."

She let me go, nodding in the direction of my office. "It's a gorgeous arrangement." She wiggled her eyebrows. "Very expensive."

I had to restrain myself to keep from dashing toward my office. I saw the interested looks from my co-workers, the questions sparkling in their eyes. I stepped into my office and shut the door behind me, then faced the most beautiful red roses I'd ever seen. I'd never truly noticed how monotone the rest of my office was until that moment. I was transported to some noir, black and white film, my desk, bookshelf, and office chair nothing extraordinary. The walls were blank and unimpressive. The only color sat perched beside my computer. The richest red. The color of passion. The color of forgiveness.

I barreled toward my desk, picking up the vase and burying my nose in the understated floral scent, water droplets spritzing my skin. It took me back to the beach. Back to him.

I bit my lip excitedly as I plucked the note from the center. I never would have pegged Logan for a flowers kind of guy, but he'd get no complaints from me. I remembered all but begging Jason to get me flowers and his rebuttal that I couldn't even keep my potted plants at my office alive. Trying to explain to him that it was the thought that counts was pointless. I backed down, just like always. Pretended I was happy with the scraps of love he gave me.

I pushed the memory away, not wanting it to further poison my moment. I opened the card, reading the note aloud.

"Forgive me, Mel."

My heart slammed to a stop, then plummeted to the floor. The nickname, something I hated until he whispered it while he was making love to me...it wasn't, couldn't be Logan. My head refused to believe it, scrolling to the end. Hoping I was wrong.

Nothing's been right without you here. I made a terrible mistake. Please forgive me.-Jason

"No," I whispered, clutching the vase so tightly I was surprised it didn't shatter in my hands. "No!" The word echoed around the room and returned to me, making me feel sick.

The flowers weren't from Logan. They were from my ex. The same ex who broke up with me because he fell for someone else.

The room blurred as tears filled my eyes. I was back in my apartment, wearing that ridiculous lingerie, so excited for him to come home. Hoping that night would be the start of better times. Happier times. The door opened, he took one look at me and asked, 'Are you wearing lingerie?' From his complete disinterest, he may as well have asked me why are you wearing lingerie. The Santa Cruz trip was supposed to be for us, but he'd dropped the bomb before I could even get it out. He wasn't in love with me anymore...he'd fallen for someone else. I'd kicked him out and was left alone, left with the wreckage of my broken heart and a trip I'd already paid for.

Something had clicked inside me and I decided to go without him.

And that's when I met Logan.

My heart clenched into a balled fist in my chest. I knew it wasn't fair to feel slighted by Logan or upset that he hadn't sent the flowers. We weren't even technically a couple. He didn't owe me anything. He made me no promises besides a sexual experience that would liberate me, and he'd done just that. But I still felt a gut wrenching hollowness. I wanted to shut off the lights, close my blinds, and curl up on the floor and cry until there were no tears left to run down my cheeks. It would be so easy to sink to my knees, to give over to the emotion I'd been bottling up, the pain I thought was finally ending. I thought these flowers were a do-over, a second chance with Logan, not a too-late apology from the ex that never really got me in the first place.

A lone tear splashed onto my hand and I swear I felt the sadness in it down to my very bones. But it wasn't alone. The anger and refusal to shut down rushed over me, beckoning me like a old friend. I one handed the roses, using the other to wipe my face. I put the vase back where I found it, sniffling as I dumped the note in the wastebasket.

Inhale.

Exhale.

Not here.

Dad would be so embarrassed, and we can't have that, can we?

I'd have to save the falling apart for when I got home. Always smiling. Always professional. Heaven forbid I act human or show emotions like pain or sadness.

Usually that pep talk was all I needed to shut down everything else, but today the dam just wasn't springing up. Tears rushed back to the surface, threatening to force me to break down whether I wanted to or not.

"Air," I said hoarsely, yanking my door open and vaulting myself forward. Air and putting some distance between me and those ugly, smelly, stupid roses-

Boom!

I staggered backward, reeling. Somehow my reflexes kicked in five seconds too late as I caught the iPad that flew in my direction. I held tight to it, my face falling as I came face to face with none other than Carl Dietnem, the youngest of our prospective clients. His claim to fame was that he seemed content to spend every meeting ogling my br**sts. Even though I'd nearly knocked him to the floor, you'd never know it because the guy's piercing blue eyes were, surprise-surprise, locked on my chest.

I held out the iPad and held back the urge to slap him across my face. "Mr. Dietnem! I'm so-"

"Mr. Dietnem, I am so sorry!" My dad's apology boomed over mine and he stepped in front of me, like I was a servant who'd just spilled wine and brought shame on my employers. Like I wasn't his daughter, that he raised with manners and the ability to apologize when I screwed up. Like I was nothing but an employee.

"Get the hell out of my way, Dad!"

I'd never seen him move so fast. My dad was a big man, built like a wall of brick, imposing. I got my blue eyes from him-but that's where the freebies ended. He made me work for everything, including his affection. Right now there was no affection to be found in his narrowed gaze, nothing but shock and building anger. My first sin was talking back, the second was profanity. He was old school. I think if I had a brother, he wouldn't have supported me going into a field like business at all. Maybe art or teaching or nursing. And cursing? That was as far from ladylike and respectable that I could get.

I knew he wanted me to hang my head and tuck my tail between my legs and slink back to my office, but I wouldn't give him the satisfaction. The whole room was quiet, everyone suddenly tuned into our conversation. None of them even existed to me. It was just me and my dad. Or, he should have been my dad. At the moment, he was just my employer, and I had some grievances to air.

"If you're waiting for an apology, you'll have to wait until I finish my first one."

Shock won out briefly and Dad gaped at me. "W-what?"

I sidestepped him, making eye contact with Carl, who wasn't eye harassing me because he too, was in speechless awe. "I'm sorry I ran into you."

The reprieve was brief as he licked his lips, winking. "You can run into me anytime, baby."

I scoffed disgustedly, pulling my blazer shut. I remembered my dad and stood a little taller. Eyeing me was one thing, but no way would he let that fly, even if I was being mouthy.

But Dad didn't say a word. Everyone in the office had heard what Carl said, and my father couldn't even be bothered to put Dietnem in his place.

Of course not. It might cost the account.

Tears choked me, but I wouldn't be silenced. Not this time. "Did you even notice when I was gone? Did you even care?"

"Melissa-"

"I'm not finished Dad!" I snarled, whirling to face him. "You know what I need right now, more than a boss? A father. I need you to see me. But what's the point of wanting that, wishing for it? I've been invisible to you since the day I was born."

The gasps and murmurs rippled across the room. There it was, our dirty laundry waving in the wind. I saw it hit my dad like a blow to the chest; to his perfectly crafted image. But just as quickly as he looked ready to rip me a new one, it was scrubbed away, replaced by the consummate businessman, the unfeeling robot I'd known all of my life.

"We will discuss this later, Melissa."

My nostrils flared as humiliation burned red brands in my cheeks. I shook my head slowly, hurt knocking the air from my lungs. "No, we won't."

I didn't say anything else, holding it together as best I could until I stepped out of the building, then let my tears carry me to my car.

CHAPTER FIVE

I swung into my assigned parking stall and jerked my car into park. My car shuddered as I killed the engine, grumbling about my taking out my crap day on it. There was no one else. I didn't have the guts to face my dad again, I refused to even acknowledge Jason's attempt at reconciliation, and Logan...I dug deep and I still couldn't find the will to be angry at him. So my car drew the short straw.

I went around to the backseat and pulled out my bag, stuffed to the brim with all the things I had to do tonight since I called it an early day. Mrs. Walker took pity on me and saved me from the walk of shame, bringing it down for me just as I was psyching myself into going back in the building. I found no judgment, or questions in her coal black eyes-nothing but concern. She didn't say anything more than 'Take care of yourself' and I broke down, sobbing like a child, right there in the parking garage. She held me, letting me use her blouse as my tissue and her arms for comfort. When I was done I apologized, feeling even worse when I realized she'd given me more love in those five minutes than my father had given me in the last five years.

I bumped the door closed with my hip, an even sadder thought slicing through my mind. Five years? Try your whole life.

The tears seeped from my heart like poison, filling my eyes. I could cry now, walk into my apartment and shut the world out and let go, but I stood my ground and held them back. Tears would get me nowhere, and I had a lot to catch up on if I intended to strut into the office tomorrow like nothing happened. Pretend I was perfectly capable of handling my job and not a complete nutcase.

"Well, let's get on with it," I muttered to myself. I pushed the door open and a chill raced down my spine, writhing in the pit of my stomach. I hadn't even stepped inside, but I felt like something was wrong. Something was off.

I hadn't crossed the threshold, but I knew someone was inside my apartment.

I remained in the doorway, my body slightly tilted toward the parking lot, ready to get the hell out of there if I needed to.

"H-Hello?" I called out hesitantly. It would have been funny if I could stop shaking. What was I expecting? The intruder to answer me with a smile and wave? That I'd lucked out and scored a criminal with manners?

There was no reply and I took a step back, fumbling for my phone.

I hitched my breath as the light switch in the kitchen was flipped, flooding the darkness with a fluorescent glow. My fear dissolved instantly when I saw his face.

Not the one guy who could break into my house and get away with it because he'd already broken into my heart.

Not Logan.

The guy who'd shattered my heart was there instead, grinning like a fool, holding another bouquet.

Jason.

"Surprise!"

I gritted my teeth and weighed out my options. I could turn on my heels, get back in my car, and avoid whatever this thing he had going on was altogether. I could take the phone in my hand and dial 911 since only my name was on the lease and he was technically breaking and entering.

Or I could take the phone in my head and throw it at his head.

I gripped the doorknob to Door Number Three as I stepped inside and saw that he'd prepared a dinner very similar to the one I'd set up for him the night we'd broken up. Chicken Alfredo, salad, bread, even a bottle of white wine. It would have been romantic if I wasn't being assaulted by memories of how disastrous that meal had been-and the fact that I'd prepared it because it was his favorite. Even now, when he was trying to win me back, he couldn't be bothered to make my favorite meal. It was, and had always been, all about Jason.

I turned my back to him, closing the door and deciding against assaulting him with my cell phone. He wasn't worth the trouble. I repeated that until I calmed down and could see other colors in the spectrum besides red.

I faced my ex boyfriend. It had been two weeks since I'd seen him, but it felt like a lifetime. The blond hair that used to be so coifed and sexy seemed stiff and filled with product. His signature polo and khaki shorts felt like a uniform. Even the playful smirk grated my nerves. All of it seemed fake, every aspect of him engineered to some nefarious end. I looked into the blue eyes that used to make my heart fly right out of my chest and I didn't feel a damn thing. Well, that wasn't exactly true. As he came toward me, holding those flowers like a shield, the red bled all over everything. The ones he'd sent to the office were already too much...this felt like a violation. How dare he let himself into my apartment and cook and pretend he hadn't ripped my heart out of my chest?

He stopped a few feet away from me, noting my erratic breathing and the fire that burned in my gaze. His smile withered and turned into ash on his lips.

"I hope it's okay that I'm here," he said, the confidence in his voice waning. He gave me a peevish smile that he hid away quickly. "I guess I didn't give you much choice, huh?"

I locked my jaw. "No, you didn't."

"My bad." He put the bouquet on the counter, maintaining his distance. Noticing that his surprise wasn't packing the punch he thought it would, he switched tactics, trying flattery. "You look great."

I swatted it away. "I look like shit." It was the truth. My blouse was an untucked, wrinkled mess, my hair hung in wild strands, trying to escape the bun I'd pulled it into this morning. My makeup was a smeared mess from all the crying I'd done. Telling me I looked great when I clearly looked like I'd been put through the ringer was worst than a lie. It was insulting.

"Well, I think you look great."

"Well, we're not together anymore," I said tersely. "What you think doesn't matter much."

He looked wounded, then the playfulness returned to his azure colored eyes as he took a step toward me. "You're pissed off. That means you still care about me enough to be angry." When I didn't say a word, he shrugged a Lacoste clad shoulder. "I'll take whatever I can get, Mel."

I wanted to yell that I'd almost committed assault via iPhone and what he could get was the hell out of my apartment, but I didn't want to encourage him. He was stubborn as a mule-if he convinced himself that my anger was misplaced affection, there would be no unconvincing him. So I drew a deep breath and pulled it close, folding my disgust until it was small enough that I could tuck it from view, leaving nothing but apathy.

I chose my words very carefully and delivered them precisely and without emotion. "What are you doing here, Jason?"

He cocked his head at the table, his eyes all but saying 'duh'. "I made you dinner. Your favorites-"

"Those are your favorites," I cut in, my tone measured even though my heart ached when I realized that this guy, someone I thought was one of my best friends, who I thought was 'the' guy, didn't even know that my favorite meal was a med rare burger with sweet potato fries. I wasn't expecting him to cook it, hell, even when we were together, I did most of the cooking, but the least he could do was get it right.

He didn't know me-not really. Gazing into his flabbergasted face as he struggled to pull my favorite meal out of his ass, I realized how wrong I'd been about us from the start. The whispers of doubts were screams now. Even if all Logan could offer me was everything up to 'I love you', it was still more fulfilling than the countless, empty times Jason had said those words to me.

Jason went all in, rushing toward me, wrapping his arms around my body. "God, I've missed you."

My arms dangled at my side until he started stroking my back. I pushed him away, my eyes narrowed. "You don't get to do that. How about you go comfort her?" There was the anger, wrapped around the final word. Choking it.

He tried to cradle my face, but I wasn't having it. His words ran in one ear and out the other. "She means nothing, Mel. You're the one I want. You're the one I need." His voice was soft, meant to be a caress but it raked over me like sandpaper. "I made a terrible mistake. I never should have left."

His hands were back around my waist. His hold was like iron, chained to my feet and dragging me into the darkness like an anchor. "No, your mistake was-" I didn't finish, because he forced his mouth against mine, kissing me so hard that I swore I could taste blood. The aggression, the passion I'd begged him for was finally there-but it was too late. My heart, my body, belonged to someone else.

I shoved him away from me, wiping my mouth with the back of my hand. "Don't touch me again." He reached for me, testing me, and I slapped his hand away, my voice low and threatening. No, not a threat. A promise that if he tried to force me to kiss him, touch him, or forgive him, I'd show him just what a mistake coming here truly was.

"Give me your key, then get out."

Hope was in its death throes, flopping around his features like a fish out of water. He sighed and pulled the key from his pocket, seemingly giving up. He tried to fake me out, holding on to it when I reached to take it, forcing me to step closer. "This can't be it, Mel."

I gave him a look and he let go, severing the last thing that tied us together. "Don't come back here. Ever."

As I watched Jason go, a crazy calm settled over me. I couldn't go on like this. I couldn't live, couldn't function until I made things right with Logan.

CHAPTER SIX

San Francisco never failed to take my breath away. There was something about crossing the bridge, cars pulling toward the hills lined with life that made my heart race with excitement. I expected the nerves to take over at any moment. Anyone with a lick of sense saw right through me calling in sick to work. The cars were packed so tightly in the narrow lanes that one error could cause a serious crash.

And tucked in the Financial District was Mason Acquisitions.

I was only a few minutes away from the one person in the whole world that got me. Every part of me. And he had the power to chew up my heart and spit it out. He could take one look at me and tell me that we were through. Hell, he didn't even have to let me as far as the elevator before he had me removed like...like...

The DJ sprung onto the airwaves, her voice a mix between a woman who smoke a pack of cigarettes a day for twenty years and a bubbly teenager.

"And the latest development in the most talked about baby since Kimye, Delilah James is pulling us along for her real life fairytale. Reportedly, she claims she's still madly in love with billionaire Logan Mason and even if they can't work out their issues, she'll always have a little piece of him." The DJ cued a sound effect, the studio audience sighing 'awww' and twisting my stomach in a knot. I punched the power button.

The world had 'Delogan' fever. Delilah James played her part, the lovelorn mother-to-be who would stand by her man even if she was standing all alone. She was clearly the good guy in this story and Logan was becoming more and more villainous with every interview she gave. Recently, she'd even brought a battalion of paparazzi right to his doorstep, but security wouldn't let her further than the lobby. She'd come back out with tears streaming down her face, clutching her chest like she'd expire at any moment. Anyone else would have looked pathetic. Delilah James made sobbing look glamorous.

Logan looked like he was sucking on a lemon in every picture and screen grab I saw, handsome features tight and obscured by his scowl, or using his hand or suit jacket to hide his face.

What would he say when he saw me? Would he see me at all, or just have me escorted back outside like his ex?

I drummed my fingertips on the steering wheel. Happy thoughts...sand between my toes, sun warm on my skin, Logan staring at me over the rim of his shades like I was his paradise in the flesh. The nerves just amplified, goose flesh making me shiver.

I bit my lip as I turned into a parking garage a couple of blocks away from Mason Acquisitions. I flipped the visor down, staring at my reflection. My face was flushed, but I knew there was no point whipping out my makeup bag. My blond hair was tousled, the waves on their best behavior for once. I glossed on a bit of Chapstick and stepped out of the car. I tied my trench closed, and held my head high as I marched toward the exit. After a Mini Cooper almost took me out, I maneuvered onto the sidewalk, pointed toward Logan's building. Even if I hadn't memorized the street crossing and address, it would have been difficult to miss it. People were huddled near the entrance, a couple of them wielding big, fancy looking cameras, their movements jerky and caffeinated. As I approached their eyes all rippled in my direction, probably trying to determine if I was someone worth knowing. They dropped me once they realized I wasn't, their hawkish eyes batting between the entrance and the steady stream of people on the sidewalk. I rotated through the revolving door, dumped into the lobby.

"Wow," I whispered, the word echoing around the expansive room. I expected a lobby not much different from the one at Kaleidoscope Marketing. Neutral tones and potted plants and a security guard that barely grunted hello. The Mason Acquisitions lobby was like a work of art. Marble floors, vaulted ceilings and a chandelier dangled overhead with crystals sparkling like diamonds. Framed art work and glass sculptures surrounded me and fresh, lush flowers beckoned with floral scents that I wanted to inhale and keep with me forever-but a security guard stood like a mountain in my way, preventing me from taking one step further.

He didn't even ask for my purpose, or if I had an appointment, his beady eyes just bore holes into me like lasers.

I took a nervous step backward. "I-I need to see Logan Mason."

"Name?" he barked.

"Melissa Foster. But I-" He didn't wait for me to finish, putting his finger to his earpiece and saying my name. "I don't have a-"

"There's no Melissa Foster on the approved list." His voice darkened. "You can leave, or I can put you on the other side of the door."

I gulped, taking another step back. He could snap me in half, without breaking a sweat. Even if I had the guts to tell him my story and how I needed to see Logan or my world would stop turning, I think he'd just pick me up and drag me out the exit, kicking and screaming.

You came all this way. You're not gonna even try?

I looked into the man's unsmiling face as he posed the question a second, and final time. "What will it be, kid? You gonna leave on your own, or will I be escorting you out?"

I sniffed and gathered my wits about me. Kicking and screaming. "I have to see Logan. It's very important."

"Have it your way." He gripped my elbow, not-so-gently yanking me toward the revolving door. The paparazzi were watching, some in awe of my balls, some just amused at the show.

I dug the heels of my flats in, forcing my body limp. "If you could just tell him I'm here-"

"Jake! She's clear!"

I looked over my shoulder at a statuesque woman that was scurrying over toward us. She was clad in a black blouse and black slacks. Her chestnut colored hair cropped short, intensifying her big brown eyes and cheekbones. She flashed me a smile that dried the tears of frustration that filled my eyes. We hadn't even officially met, but it was a smile shared between the best of friends.

Jake had stopped dragging me toward the exit, but his hold was firm as he wheeled me to face the woman. "Mr. Mason was clear, Ms. DeLaurentis. Anyone who isn't on the list-"

"That'll be all, Mr. Johnston." The friendliness was long gone, her lips a red slash, her eyes the color of fire and brimstone.

Jake's hold on my arm slackened and I snatched my arm the rest of the way, fighting the urge to stick out my tongue. I stepped around him and jutted out my hand toward my savior.

"Hi! I'm-"

"Right this way."

My arm dropped to my side as I huffed and puffed to follow her. The elevator door almost closed on me as I struggled to catch my breath. She scanned her ID badge and hit floor 25, then punched it four more times for good measure.

She glanced over at me finally, her eyes taking stock of me as she tapped her foot impatiently. "You're curvier than I was expecting." She blushed immediately, pressing a hand to her head like she was feverish. "Sorry, I didn't mean that."

I shrugged a shoulder, even though it did matter a little. I'd always been hippy, with itty bitty br**sts and it had taken years for me to accept my pear shaped body. If I had the confidence back then that I had now, I'd punch the guys that sung "Baby got back" when I walked in the room. There was still a dash of that little girl hidden in my heart who cried because no matter how many meals I skipped and trips around the track that I made, it was never enough. I'd look at magazines filled with pictures of women that looked like the giant beside me and cry until my eyes swelled shut.

I sunk my teeth into my lip, banishing the memories. "Where are you taking me?"

She looked at me like I'd just asked the dumbest question she'd ever heard. "To see Mr. Mason."

The elevator slammed to a stop and my heart fell to the floor. "I-uh-"

"You're the girl from Santa Cruz, right? The reason he's been biting off everyone's head for the past two weeks?" She strutted from the elevator, then jerked forward to stop the doors from drawing closed. "Unless you're an intrepid reporter with quite the scoop."

Her last sentence went right over my head. He was miserable? And not just because of the Delilah drama, but because he missed me?

My grin stretched from ear to ear and faltered when I realized the brunette was still waiting.

I hurried out behind her. "I'm not from Santa Cruz. But I am Melissa."

"Awesome. I'm Jessica," she responded crisply. "I'm hoping that maybe you can run in there, kiss and makeup, screw him on the desk, something, because we need our boss back."

We were alone in the skinny corridor, but I still glanced around, my face warm. The tail wind from her speedy gait cooled my embarrassment as I followed on her heels. My heart was screeching in my ears, my breathing as erratic and breathless as my movements. Finally, we stopped at a glass sliding door.

She turned to the side, the friendly smile back and situated in place. "I'll give you two some privacy." Before I could even ask, she finished, "Just walk down the hall to your right. His office is at the end."

She shot back the way we came, her heel taps becoming quieter and quieter until the only thing left was my heart raging in my ears. I licked my lips and followed her directions, walking through the sliding glass door, blinking as I made a hard right down a dark hallway, the amber outline from his office door the only light. I stopped in front of the wooden thing, reading his name in perfect letters on the metal placard. My arm rose slowly and I knocked twice and held my breath.

"Come on in," a voice gruffly answered.

I nibbled on my bottom lip. There was nothing gruff about the Logan I'd met. He was playful and slick and warm and-

Things have happened. A lot has happened.

I was one of the things that happened.

And I was there to make things right.

I stepped inside and almost shielded my eyes. The sun screamed into the room, shining through the floor to ceiling windows. My mouth fell open when I saw him, standing behind his desk, tie loose, shirt half untucked and sleeves rolled up to the elbow. His dark hair was longer, perfect for the surfers we left behind in Pleasure Point. Dark waves fell into his green eyes and he pushed it back, staring at me like I was some apparition.

My heart took the wheel and I rushed to him, not saying a word as I threw my arms around his neck and slammed my lips into his.

CHAPTER SEVEN

I had this whole itinerary. A bullet point list of how everything would go when I saw Logan again. At the top of this list in bold and all caps was, 'DO NOT KISS HIM UNTIL YOU SAY YOUR PIECE'.

Yeah...about that...

My script was forgotten; my explanation as to why I ran after I poured out my heart and said I loved him null and void. There was only his tongue and my tongue. The erotic brush of his scruffy face as his lips detoured up and down my jaw line and paused at the nape of my neck. His teeth dragged across my skin, sending a slice of pain across my body that melted into ecstasy as his tongue flicked across the spot tenderly. Oh, my body missed him. It was like I was finally waking up, every part of me stretching and wrapping around his touch. Breathing him in.

Our lips hovered above each other's, his breath hot with lust and mine hot with need. I jutted my tongue out, tracing the outline of his mouth, savoring the taste of his sweat and the deep moan that sounded in his throat.

His fingers were intertwined in my hair, holding me close. His grip tightened as questions raced across his face. "Melissa, I-"

I pressed my fingers against his lips. There would be time for talking and questions later. The only thing I wanted, needed was him. His lips curled deviously, understanding the gesture and my request. When his wrist wound and his grip on my hair tightened viciously, I knew it would be honored, but for a price.

We weren't making love.

He was going to f**k me.

My head was pulled all the way back, my neck completely exposed. His other hand ripped at my clothing, tearing off my trench. I gasped when his fist balled the front of my shirt and literally snatched it off my body, buttons flying.

"My questions will be answered," he murmured darkly. "But I want you so damn bad that I'll wait. You remember what to say if it becomes too much?"

"Yes," I whimpered. His hold loosened as he leaned down to kiss my neck, taking his time as he roamed over my skin, making me so wet I was surprised I hadn't soaked right through my jeans.

His lips shot to my ear. "Take the rest off and lay over my desk."

I obeyed, my fingers gliding over the hooks of my bra, letting it fall to my ankles. My jeans were next, kicked off to the side. I made him work for the underwear, hooking both sides of the thing and slowly pulling it down and off. I stood bare and naked, skin slick with sweat, ni**les hardened rocks. My pu**y ached and dripped for his savage touch.

I turned to his desk, eyeballing a sea of important looking papers and folders and hesitated. He was behind me in a flash, forcing me forward, chest smooshed against paper and wood. My heart hitched in my chest when I realized what was coming. The wind whistled as his hand sliced through the air and collided with my ass.

I let out a yelp as the pain made me clutch the edge of the desk. When he started caressing the spot, I almost came. The collision of pain and pleasure was the catalyst, the thing that I craved. It felt right. Me bent over, being spanked, being completely his, felt like destiny.

His strong fingers dragged down my spine, setting me on fire as he pulled down to my hips. A hand was situated on both sides and I felt his erection through his pants. I remembered every swollen inch with crystal clarity. How thick he was, stretching me, possessing my body as he buried himself inside of me. I tightened my grip on the edge of the desk even though I wanted to turn around and rip his clothes off and ride him down to the floor. Ride him until we both couldn't take anymore, losing track of time and the world outside. But submission was what had me trembling. Body taut with anticipation. Juices seeping down my thighs.

He stepped backward, but his fingertips skated over my butt, trailing down until he hit my warmth. He groaned as his finger sunk inside me and I shook, my eyes rolling back in my head as he rolled his finger inside me.

"If I didn't know any better, I'd say you missed me," he quipped, his voice low and playful.

"Maybe a little," I fired back, a moan shooting from my lungs as he added a second finger, driving in and out of me. Building a rhythm that made me rock back to meet his thrusts. I wanted more. All of him.

The sound of his fly unzipping had me panting. I felt the mushroom tip of him as he teased me with it. I felt the precome kiss my skin as he thumped it on my ass, then diverted to my quivering hole. The pu**y that ached for him with every night we spent apart.

He poised at the entrance, hands on my hips. He made me count every moment that ticked by, holding my breath. Waiting for the moment that two became one.

He slammed inside of me, sheathing himself in my warmth. My eyes were squeezed shut so tight that I saw stars. I groaned over and over as he filled me, our bodies, our flesh colliding. He gripped my hair, pain wrapping around the delicious pump of his cock.

Deeper.

Harder.

"Come on my cock," he ordered thickly. "Come now."

My orgasms were usually wild, untamable things that came writhing to the surface without my control. But as soon as the word 'now' left his lips my body obeyed, the buzz stampeding over my skin as my core clutched him. From his roar he found his peak inside me, our ecstasy mingling and mixing. Bliss finally ours.

He stepped away, but I was still glommed to his desk.

"C'mere," he said softly.

I peeled myself from his desk, a manila folder stuck to my boob. There was a sweaty imprint of my body on his paperwork.

I turned to him, wincing. "Sorry."

"Don't worry about it." He was perched in his chair, his face flushed, his c**k still hard as hell and tucked back into his pants. He beckoned me with a finger and patted his lap.

I lowered myself onto him, his erection snug beneath me, my arms locked around his neck.

He leaned in and pressed a long kiss against my lips, then rested his forehead against mine. "I missed you, beautiful."

CHAPTER EIGHT

I wanted to stay that way, our foreheads touching, eyes closed. Serene, easy, like we hooked up in his skyscraper office every day. Like we hadn't fallen out and not spoken for two weeks.

He pulled back first, his eyes intent on me. I knew that look. The questions we'd put aside rushed to the surface.

"What are you doing here, Melissa?"

I gave him a coy smile, nodding around the room. "I figured one of the richest men in the US must have a killer view of San Francisco." I whistled, moving to hop off his lap and hide behind the non existent blinds. "I see I was right."

The inner voice that whispered that avoiding the truth around Logan Mason wouldn't be that easy was also right. His arms locked around my waist, holding me steady.

"Nice try." His eyes were steely with determination, cutting through my bullshit. Even if I wasn't butt naked, that gaze would have done the trick. There was nowhere to run or hide, but my pride was the only thing I had to my name, so I started with a sliver of the truth.

"I saw what was happening with Delilah and the-" I cleared my throat. "Baby."

His face clouded, his eyes distant. "I'm fairly certain that every living thing has heard about the bundle of joy growing in Delilah's womb, and the cold, callous billionaire that won't put aside my playboy ways to make an honest woman out of her." He tugged at his hair and let out an exhausted sigh. "The funny thing is, I want to talk to her. I've reached out several times. My only requirement is that she leave her entourage of photographers at home. Just she and I, two adults, discussing the child we created." His voice darkened angrily. "She refuses. Her agent says it would be a bad move for her career to shut the press out now."

I stroked his thigh, biting back the disdain that soured my stomach. I could make a choice comment about how that knowledge would turn her long suffering mother narrative on its head, but that was the last thing Logan needed. I saw every line of gossip etched into the weary lines of his face. He carried it in the bags under his eyes. The hurtful comments colored his turquoise gaze. To the world, he was the villain. I wouldn't add to the weight of the heavy cross he had to bear by stating the obvious.

I gave him a little more of the reason I'd come. "I came here because I wanted you to know that you're not alone."

His expression softened as he cradled my cheek, his thumb stroking me as he stared into my eyes. "You drove all the way here just to tell me that, huh?"

"Just that? Not exactly." I tried to swallow the knot in my throat, but it wouldn't budge. My lips were dry and chapped and I knew he could feel me trembling. There was no point in delaying the inevitable. "I came here because I shouldn't have freaked out after I said I love you and you didn't say it back."

I paused, expecting him to butt in. Say it was all water under the bridge. Something, anything to give me a few seconds to collect my thoughts and breathe before all of this sharing made me freak out a second time.

No such luck. He waited patiently for me to continue, his fingertips drawing a lazy circle on my lower back.

"What do we know about each other any way?" I continued, my eyes downcast. I'd meant for it to come out as a joke. Lighthearted, but it tore up my insides. "You look amazing naked, you're a great lay, you're filthy rich-"

"You're stubborn as a mule, and run off at the mouth to everyone but the people that need to hear it the most," he countered frostily, unlocking his arm from around me.

There was some truth to his words, but I decided to live up to the first descriptor, sliding off his lap and walking over to my bundle of clothes. I put each item on slowly, piece by piece, not facing him until I was fully clothed.

"I'm getting better about number two," I said quietly. "I gave my dad a piece of my mind finally." I didn't share that I'd stormed out of the office with my tail between my legs. Or that I'd served up a cold dish of 'go to hell' to my ex, Jason. There was already too much tension in the air. The last time I'd dropped his name around Logan it was equivalent to a bomb going off.

I sunk my hands into my pockets. "We just met. How can I love you?"

His eyes held me in place, even from several feet away. He rose from his chair, his movements smooth and sure. He didn't stop until he was in front of me, a wall of sexual energy and power. Eyes that somehow saw right down to my soul.

He ensnared my chin, his grip soft and romantic. "You didn't let me finish."

I made a face. "I'm not sure I can take much more than stubborn and spineless."

His lips twitched into the devastating half smile that made me swoon. "This is more along the lines of the fight in you. The way you didn't back down from Delilah. The way you didn't back down from me."

"What?" I said incredulously, shaking his hand from my chin. "I couldn't leave your house fast enough the last time we were together."

He didn't take offense, his eyes releasing me for a moment as he rolled his sleeves up. "Would you believe me if I said that wasn't the first time someone blurted I love you to me?"

Rich, hot, and dominant in bed? "Yeah, I can believe it."

He looked back down at me, his eyes serious. "Love is...complicated for me. So saying it isn't something I take lightly."

"Neither do-"

He pressed his fingers against my lips, almost identical to my gesture earlier.

"You surprised me when you booked it out of there like a bat out of hell," he continued. "I'm used to the woman begging, telling me she'll wait and be patient. As long as it takes." His fingers slowly traced my lips, the sweetest caress. "But you've been surprising me from the moment we met. And you don't beg."

I couldn't help but smile at the memory of that exchange. He told me he wouldn't sleep with me until I begged for it. Even though I ended up begging, just a little bit, I made him work for it.

"There's more to you than meets the eye, Melissa. For the past two weeks, every day I fought the urge to drive down to Sacramento and say the things that are hard as hell for me to put into words."

He cradled both sides of my face and I knew this was about to be a moment. One of those instances in one's life where something magical was about to happen. Where your heart stops and up is down and everything in the world stops. Nothing matters except what's happening right in front of you.

"Before you, I thought I was living. I thought I was fulfilled and happy. And when you left, I thought I could carry on as usual. But I don't eat. I don't sleep. I don't exist without you. You're the air that fills my lungs, the blood in my veins. All this weird, sappy shit that I haven't felt in a long time came rushing to the surface when you left, and I don't want to fight or run from it anymore. Sure, I don't know every scar on your body or what your dream job is or what TV shows you binge on, but I know that I can't wait to find out everything there is to know about you. I want to know every single quirk that makes up the most beautiful and beguiling woman I've ever met." He smiled at me. A smile that came from his heart. A smile that said take a breath before he steals all the breath from my lungs. "I want you, Melissa. I love you."

I was literally weak in the knees, swaying before I clutched him, melting in his arms as his words echoed through me.

He loved me. He really loved me.

Tears pooled in my eyes as I looked up at him, struggling to maintain my composure before I just said screw it and let them fall. "I love you too, Logan."

He wiped them away and kissed me hard, like he was branding his lips on mine. Etching the words on my very bones. Searing his love on my heart.

I interlaced my fingers with his, squeezing tight. I wanted this moment to last forever, but it was slipping away as I remembered the world outside. My life in Sacramento. My ex. His life. Delilah James.

"So what does this mean, you and me?" I asked gingerly.

"We're a couple," he answered without hesitation, then paused. "That is, if you'll have me."

I stroked my chin, pretending I was mulling it over. "Hmm..."

He played it up on his end too. "I know that my life is pretty crazy. And once the paparazzi get wind of me and you-" The playfulness was sucked right out of the room.

The paparazzi. The press. Delilah's hardcore fans. Once they learned about me, my whole life would be turned upside down.

"I'm going to be the slut that stole the love of Delilah James' life, aren't I?"

He didn't lie to me. "Probably. I know you didn't sign up for all of this baggage-"

"I'm not going anywhere," I interrupted. "We'll figure it out and face it all, together."

I planted a smile firmly on my lips and pretended like I wasn't scared shitless.

Being Logan Mason's girlfriend was going to change my life.

