PROLOGUE

She sticks her downloaded Internet photos of him onto the corkboard. She pins them up by the edges, taking care not to deface his beautiful face in any way.

Not yet, at least.

BRIAN MORTON. President and CEO of Vanguard Advertising, the hippest, most avant-garde advertising firm in Chicago. The firm corporations flock to when they want something different, thought- and mood-provoking ... and sexy.

It is so unfair. He has everything - good looks, charm, brilliance, money, success. And she has nothing.

This will be rectified very soon.

Because she's going to make him pay for what he did to her. She's going to make that promiscuous, no good, lying son of a bitch suffer as he has never suffered before. And when she's through with him, he's going to rue the day he was born.

She stands a little distance away from the corkboard, studying his photos from an angle. He's so handsome with his huge bedroom eyes, fantastic hair - always maintaining that 'just out of bed' tumbled look - and his wide sensuous lips. Lips that she has kissed repeatedly when he was f**king her. She can still feel him inside her, even though it's only a memory. A ghost of a memory. An imprint of emotions turned topsy-turvy; of love turned to hate.

She sure as hell hates him now. She clenches her fist, harnessing the accumulated vitriol which is manifesting in the bile that curdles her throat.

Brian Morton, when I'm through with you, you will have nothing left.

1

In the boardroom of the company he founded with his cousin, Brian Morton stands in front of a screen. He loves doing his own presentations, especially if he has coined the idea himself.

In this instance, his client happens to be the mayor's office - a real coup for Vanguard. The mayor has long been with Barstow Advertising across the street. But for this particular ad, the mayor's office had wanted something different. Something provocative.

Vanguard has acquired the reputation for provocation, thanks in no small measure to Brian's own efforts.

Brian says, "Basically, people are becoming numbed to advertising. You need to get their attention. And trust me, this will."

He depresses a button on the remote control. A Powerpoint slide appears onscreen.

The mayor's representatives sit up in their seats. A stir goes through the entire room. People lean over to whisper to one another. The air bristles with excitement.

"Exactly the reaction I'd hoped for," Brian remarks.

He turns to the screen. The image is that of two silver cars in twisted wrecks upon the grey tarmac of a freeway. Or at least, that's what they initially resemble. But look again. These are not cars. These are smashed and broken cellphones designed to resemble cars. Their display screens are unmistakable, as are their damaged keypads. The telephone poles in the background only serve to accentuate the freeway impression.

"Don't text while you drive," Brian finishes.

The expressions of the people in the room are admiring, rapturous. Applause breaks out, even from his own team - who has seen the copy many times. The applause swells, and there are cries of "Bravo!", "Amazing!", "Wonderful!"

Brian basks in this acknowledgment of yet another emotionally effective ad. Sometimes, the feeling is better than an orgasm.

Almost.

God, he loves his job.

He has no idea then that all hell is about to break loose.

2

Samantha Fox walks nervously into the reception area of her office. Over here, all hell is about to break loose as well.

Two maintenance men are in the midst of taking down the 'LANDRY AND SONS' sign. She knows they will replace it with the blue diamond-shaped logo of 'SAPPHIRE', the competitor company which had bought over her old one in a hostile coup that came slinging out of nowhere.

Fiona, the receptionist, is nowhere in sight. Nevertheless, the reception area is bustling with people she has never seen before. They carry folders, files, stacks of documents - all presumably from Sapphire. The whole office is in bustling upheaval.

What the hell is going on? Well, other than the obvious fact that they have been taken over. But she didn't expect such a massive and sudden shift. No one in the former Landry and Sons had.

Peter Goodwin from Human Resources comes out, his face ashen. He carries a box filled with photo frames, vases and bric bracs. Sam's heart sinks. She recognizes the silver-framed family photo of Peter, his wife and their three kids that he'd had on his desk forever.

"Peter?" Her own voice is tinny and scared.

Peter stops. His lined face wears the expression of someone who has just lost a spleen in a near-fatal car crash.

"What are they doing? Why are you clearing out your stuff?" The pitter-patter of her own pulse rises in Sam's neck.

"They're canning us and replacing us with people they have brought over from the parent company." Peter swallows. "The new boss, Rutgard, is in the boardroom ... firing people."

"But for what? He can't just fire people like that. Some of us have been here for over ten years. Like you, for instance."

"I know. He's downsizing the company. The retrenchment package they're giving us isn't that great either. A month's salary for every year you've been here. That will last me for about ten months." Peter jerks his head in the direction of the boardroom. "I'm sorry, Sam, but he's looking for you too."

Oh God oh God oh God.

Her chest cavity suddenly feels hollower than it has a right to be. Her stomach and guts clench in concert. She feels like going to the bathroom to retch, but it's best to get this over with. Her mind runs over all the projects she has been involved with for the past few years.

Mr. Rutgard, you can't fire me. I brought in the Gardiner account, which is, like, the biggest account this company has ever seen.

Mr. Rutgard, I would have you know that I scored 'Excellent' in my Leadership and Communication skills. I am an 'ENFJ' in my Myers-Brigg Personality Score, and I would fit very well in your new organization.

Mr. Rutgard, please! You can't fire me! I need this job!

But as her feet plod down the passageway to the boardroom, passing familiar people whose faces are now downcast, her hopes start to spiral bottomward ... and further down, down, down until she can hear them clink against the basement.

What is she going to do in this economy? Everywhere, companies are being downsized. People are losing jobs left, right and center.

And she had just gotten that new apartment - the one she had been dreaming about her entire life. Plunked the down payment for it in cold hard cash, and took out a loan from the Bank of America. On the guarantee that she would be able to pay for it out of her salary.

She would absolutely die if she had to give up the apartment.

Maybe she's getting ahead of herself. Maybe she's leapfrogging the gun. Maybe Mr. Rutgard isn't going to be so bad. In fact, he might be so impressed by her last appraisal that he might give her a raise.

You wish.

The boardroom doors loom ahead - dark and forbidding. The colors suck her in like a black hole. Brian's face sneaks into her mindscape. What would he do in a situation like this?

I'll give you twenty reasons why you can't fire me. I'd sue the pants off you, for one. And I'm easily the best damned employee you've got. Unless you want to see seven-eighths of your clients go on the exodus with me, you'd better be cramming that retrenchment package up your own ass.

But nobody can fire Brian. He's the goddamned CEO.

Life just isn't fair.

Anyway, she still isn't sure how she feels about Brian. Yeah, so they agreed to 'hang out', which is his euphemism for 'let's f**k whenever we feel like it with no strings attached. I can f**k other people and so can you. We can even do it simultaneously. Isn't that, like, the best arrangement ever?' He doesn't owe her anything besides his (rather pleasant) company ... and she's a free spirit - free to do anything she pleases.

She has her true life 'Pretend Boyfriend', someone to tag along for dates and social functions and stuff ... and he even gives her his gorgeous body to use as she sees fit. What more can a girl ask for?

Right?

She sighs. Now isn't the time to be thinking about Brian. Thinking about him only makes her well up with some indefinable emotion inside - a choking, hollow feeling in her gut that aches with the painful need to have something more. More than he's willing to give her.

She knocks on the boardroom door. When there is no answer from inside, she gingerly pushes it ajar.

Inside, a youngish man - possibly in his mid-thirties, with wire-rimmed spectacles and a streak of silver hair at his temples - is perusing a case folder before him on the large boardroom table. Patty Jensen, the Human Resources Director, is the picture of misery beside him.

Uh oh.

Mr. Rutgard looks up. "And who the hell are you?"

"That's Samantha Fox, one of our best and brightest account managers," Patty says brightly, even though her demeanor suggests Hurricane Katrina. She rifles through a pile of case notes and extracts one. Sam recognizes her own photograph on it.

She forcibly pulls in a long, deep breath.

"Have a seat, Sam," Patty says.

Sam takes one across the table from the two of them. She reckons Mr. Rutgard would have kept her standing throughout the entire session. Her heartbeat has settled into a rhythmic thump-thump-thump that lifts her chest wall. She's certain her new boss can hear it, or at least, see her blouse flutter where her heart is. Her throat is excruciatingly dry.

Mr. Rutgard doesn't look up from the case file.

He finally says without meeting her eyes, "It says here you have an extremely good track record."

"She scored 'Exemplary' and 'Above Average' for most of her career," Patty puts in.

Sam flashes her a grateful smile.

Rutgard says, "That may be the case. But we are still fifteen headcounts too many. Profits are being squeezed and the overhead has not been properly managed since this company was established. Basically, we could be making double the profit if we didn't carry so much deadweight."

Indignation rises in Sam. "Hey ... I mean, Mr. Rutgard, sir ... we're not all deadweight around here. I've personally managed to close five of the top twenty accounts over the past three years. Gardiner, O' Connor, Fitzgerald ... "

Rutgard holds up his palm. "Spare me, Ms. Fox. I am well aware of your accomplishments. However, we are embarking upon a new image and mission statement. O' Connor has delayed payment to us several times, and Fitzgerald has a reputation for prejudice against homosexuals in the workplace."

Sam is speechless. "Th-that's not entirely true ... "

But there's some truth to it, she can't deny. Still, their old credo was 'an account is an account'. When did they start bothering about how their clients aired their dirty laundry?

Rutgard finally looks up. His green eyes are light sabers.

"Let's lay all the cards on the table, Ms. Fox. We can only maintain one of you in this position. You ... or Ms. Angleston."

Kathy Angleston? That tramp?

Sam can't believe her ears. She's competing with Kathy Angleston? Since when has Kathy Angleston ever secured an account without spreading her legs? Sam is surprised that Elaine Landry - her previous boss - hadn't fired Kathy while she had the chance. But maybe the Landrys were never too particular about how they got their accounts.

Patty's mouth twitches, suggesting that she finds the idea equally as ludicrous.

Rutgard goes on, "To determine which one of you is more suitable for the role, I've decided to give you both a task."

"A task?" Sam raises her eyebrows.

"Yes. There is one account in this business I've always wanted to land." Rutgard leans back. His chair creaks in protest. "Moody."

"Moody?" Sam crinkles her brow. "But that's impossible. Henry Moody has been with McConnaughey for twenty years!"

"No one ever said it was easy." Rutgard steeples his hands. The grin on his face is crafty. "You both have a month to land Moody. First one with a minimum commitment of a hundred thousand dollars gets to keep her job."

"But sir - "

Rutgard holds up a palm again. "Are you the type of employee to turn down a challenge, Ms. Fox?"

One with impossible odds? Sam thinks of her new apartment. She is in the midst of decorating it. She has gotten the white sofa - the one she has been eyeing forever - and committed to plunking down four hundred dollars a month for installments.

Oh why oh why did Landry and Sons have to be bought over?

"OK," she says in a small voice.

"I didn't hear you."

Sam clears her throat. "I said OK."

One month. She has one more month to keep her job. Or start looking for something new.

Patty gives her a sympathetic look.

As Sam exits the boardroom, she can feel Rutgard's gaze boring a hole in her back. It clearly says: You're gonna be out on your ass in a month.

3

"He did what?" Brian says, frowning.

They are both seated at a table for two in an ice-cream parlor. The parlor is fairly empty at this time of day. Outside, the sky is pouring cats and dogs, which accounts for no one getting ice-cream pangs today because they are all too busy getting sloshed. By dirty rainwater, that is.

Brian has ordered a raspberry sorbet while Sam digs her long spoon into a double fudge sundae. He watches her fascinatedly as the curved end of the spoon disappears into her mouth. He loves a woman who isn't self-conscious about her eating.

Wait a minute. He used the 'L' word again. He doesn't technically mean it, of course. He likes Sam - a lot. OK, more than a lot. But she's a friend. A f**k buddy. That's all she is.

They have been hanging out for the past six months. And he has enjoyed it. A lot. They go for dinners. They grab lunches together. They catch movies. They go bowling. Dancing. Clubbing. None of what they do can ever be considered a 'real date', of course - even though most of their outings end up in sex. In her new apartment. In his penthouse. In seedy motels. Wherever strikes their fancy.

It has been fun. Especially now that Caleb is in a relationship with Cassie, Sam's best friend, Brian needed someone to hang out with. And who better than the one who is left out in the cold while their respective best friends f**k each other's brains out?

He still maintains his freedom, of course. He does the occasional one night stand. Probably not as often as he used to, because he finds himself planning to do things with Sam rather than with some random woman whom he's never going to see again after he has f**ked her. And Sam is free to do whatever she pleases. Of course.

Like he says - they are just 'hanging out'.

"He threatened to retrench me if I didn't get him the Moody account," Sam says with a sigh. She spoons another big dollop of ice-cream into her mouth. Nothing like ice-cream as a balm for pain management.

"Uh ... " Brian indicates his own mouth. She's so cute when she has fudge-smeared lips.

"What? Am I dripping?"

"Not yet, but I can practically see your double chin forming."

She flashes him a murderous glare. Still, she hastily puts down her spoon.

"Aw, come on, don't stop on my account. I like love handles."

She picks up her chocolate-covered spoon and flicks spatters onto him. Milky droplets get onto his face and hair. He laughs as he holds up his hands in mock surrender.

"Hey, watch it, will ya? This is a two thousand dollar leather jacket."

"Then you can afford a two hundred dollar laundry bill." She plunges the spoon into her ice-cream again and morosely scoops in another mouthful. "I'm depressed, and therefore, I'm allowed to get fat."

"I've always been partial to whoopee cushions."

"I'll whoop your ass if you make one more snide remark. Anyway, I have to land Moody ... or it's hasta la vista, new apartment."

She looks so glum that he wishes he were on her side of the table so that he can put his arm around her.

"You know, Sam, if it's money you need - "

"Nope, nope, nope. Caleb warned me you'd be doing this - "

"Oh, so Caleb has been talking about me behind my back. What else has he done? Sold my ass to the highest bidder without my stamp of sordid approval?"

"He was just trying to warn me about you."

"Think of it as a loan. You can pay me back ... with interest."

"You're already thinking I'm going to fail to get Moody," she accuses, waving her dangerous spoon around.

He ducks his head under the table. "I'm just making allowances. It's not about failure. It's about contingency. And don't wave that weapon around."

She makes a face at him. "Anyway, I'm up against slutty Kathy."

He pricks his ears up. "Slutty Kathy?"

"If you sleep with her, I'll do more than wave this spoon around. I'll positively shove it up your - "

"OK, OK, I get the drift. Any way I can help with Kathy? I mean Moody?"

"No, I've got to this on my own." She sighs. "I can't get you to bail me out every time I run into a spot of trouble. What will happen when you're no longer around? I'll have to learn to fend for myself."

"First of all, I plan on us being friends for a long, long time - whether or not we decide to fool around or whether you decide to get married or do something equally painful and disastrous."

Her expression flinches. "Marriage is not disastrous."

"You obviously haven't met my parents."

"And you've obviously met my mother."

"There you go."

"That's not the point. Anyway, back to the topic at hand before you so rudely distracted me. I won't stand a chance if Slutty Kathy has her way with Old Man Moody, who is seventy if he has seen a day."

"So you want me to have my way with Old Man Moody?"

"Can you be serious for, like, a second? This is my job on the line."

"And this is my help that I'm offering. I'll make a few calls. Moody can't be that reclusive, not if he runs a multimillion dollar business."

She shakes her head. "I've got to do this on my own. You wouldn't understand."

He throws up his hands in defeat. "OK, have it your way. But when you're destitute and peddling your ass in the streets, don't say I didn't try to help."

"Your confidence in my abilities is staggering."

"No, my confidence in Slutty Kathy's ability to get a rise out of that moody old pecker is staggering, and I haven't even met her, although she's beginning to sound interesting." He grins boyishly.

She rolls her eyes.

He indicates her empty ice-cream tray. "End of your calorie binge? Say, have you ever thought of doing something else?"

She frowns as she puts down her clean spoon. "You mean like eating frozen yoghurt instead of ice-cream?"

"No, I mean literally doing something else other than account management." He shrugs. "Like, you know, coming to work for an advertising agency, for example."

"You mean work for you?" She tosses off a laugh. "No way."

He puts his elbows on the table and leans over in earnest. "What is it that you really, really want to do?"

She hesitates. Her pretty face is scrunched up, the way it always is when she's in deep thought. He finds himself noticing things like these about her.

She says shyly, "For the last couple of years ... since I got into it ... I've kind of, like, wanted to open a gym."

"A gym?"

"Yeah. You know, where people go to 'hang out'."

"You mean to hook up."

"Same thing."

To you, he catches her hidden meaning.

She says dreamily, "There will be classes. Zumba. Les Mills Body Combat, Sh'bam, Body Pump. Belly dancing."

"I thought you said it was a gym."

"Gyms can have so much more. There will be a swimming pool. Yoga. Pilates. Cafes. Foot massages. Sauna."

"It's beginning to sound like a spa." He's interested despite himself.

She jabs a finger at him. He's glad it isn't her spoon. "Would you sign up for such a gym?" she demands.

"If the female trainers are hot." He has his own personal gym in his penthouse ... and even a female trainer to help him out. But that's an idea. He should be joining a public gym to pick girls up. Not that he needs help in that department.

"There you go." Her smile is spread across her sweet rosebud lips - those very lips he likes to suck upon.

"So why don't you?" he says.

"Why don't I what?"

"Follow your dream. Open up on your own gym. You could get a loan." Or I could loan you the money, he thinks but doesn't say for fear of incurring assault.

She sighs. "There's too much risk involved in striking out on your own. It's always better to have a stable job with a fixed salary."

He snorts. "Whoever told you that?"

"It's easy for you to say. You're Brian Morton. You've never had to worry about money for a day in your life."

"There are a lot of other things a rich kid has to worry about, thank you." Like getting mugged. Like the unpredictable mood swings of your parents and uncle. "But seriously, if you want to set up your own gym, I can - "

"I don't want your money, thank you."

"I was going to say, before you so rudely interrupted, that I can be your partner. A silent one."

It's her turn to snort. "I seriously doubt you can ever be silent."

He's enjoying this. But then, he has always enjoyed their banter. "You're discriminating against me? If you're going to open a gym, you're going to need investors. Partners. Co-conspirators. And who better than friends to lend a helping dumbbell?"

She opens her mouth to protest, but he holds up his palm.

"'I need to do this on my own'," he mimics her singsong voice. "Christ, will you get a grip? Millionaires don't get rich doing it all on their lonesome selves. They get help. Rich uncles. Investors. Friends. Internet buddies. The Billionaire Boys' Club. No one does it alone anymore. We've come a long way since someone invented the wheel ... and even he had prehistoric help holding it up."

"I'm not used to taking risks. There's a lot on my plate right now. And there's that little thing about ... " She pauses.

He arrests her downcast eyes. "Let me guess. You don't want to take anything from me."

"I don't want to make it seem like I'm only friends with you because I want to use you," she mumbles.

He's hoping she doesn't feel that way about him either when it comes to sex. Because he's not using her body for sex. He can have sex with anyone anytime. He's with her because he wants to be.

"You've never given me that impression, not once," he says, "except for when you're playing with my penis. And I'm assuming you like to play with it because you don't have a dildo."

The expression on her face makes him want to laugh out loud.

"Life's hard enough without having to be serious about it." He reaches across the table to clasp her bunched fist. "So take your time to think about that gym."

She hesitates, and then nods.

A shadow falls across their table. It's their waitress - a spiky-haired teenager with more studs in her ears than earlobe space.

"Since it's raining and all," she drawls, "I'm going to close this place up early. So if you're finished and all - "

She picks their empty ice-cream trays up with a look that says, Get lost so I can clear up and go home.

Brian flashes his most charming smile. "Tell you what and all. How much would it cost you and all - " He lingers on the 'all' " - to let me rent this joint for two hours? I'll even buy up every single tub of ice-cream you've got on your display."

The waitress looks dubious. "Whatcha planning to do with this place?"

Brian's smile widens. "Would three thousand dollars just about cover it?"

4

As Brian locks the main door of the creamery behind the departing waitress, who is beaming from studded ear to studded ear, Sam wonders what he has in mind. Is he smoking weed or something? He has offered her joints he has rolled before, and she has taken a puff to relive her college days. It had been heaven. They had mad sex afterwards, and she wonders if this is what he is leading to.

He flips the sign at the door to read 'CLOSED' from the outside. He turns. His grin is broad and infectious.

"Alone at last," he says, striding to her.

He grabs her waist and bends her backwards. She can't help laughing as he stoops to kiss her. It's a rich kiss - full of promise and nuance and lip work. She kisses him back, feeling breathless, the way she always does whenever he initiates any sort of romantic gesture.

No, scratch that. Brian isn't into romance. He has always made that quite clear. Brian is into f**king.

At first, she didn't think she would be into their weird kind of relationship.

"It's complicated," she had tried to explain to Cassie.

"What's so complicated about it?" her best friend demanded. "You're f**k buddies, that's all there is to it."

"We're not just f**k buddies. There's more."

It's something she can't put her finger on, but there's more to their relationship than just sex. They are friends. Good friends. They do everything best friends do together, especially now that Cassie is spending so much time with Caleb. Not that Sam is complaining. There's never a dull moment with Brian.

In fact, they do everything a boyfriend and girlfriend does together. When he is with her, she is all that matters. His entire attention is devoted solely to making her happy, except that they are not committed to each other. When he walks out of her door, he's really out, and she doesn't have a clue what he is doing or who he is f**king. He doesn't have a clue who she's seeing either, nor does he ask. She doesn't tell him.

Only ... she's not seeing anyone else.

That's what he is, she tells herself firmly. A Pretend Boyfriend. A gorgeous, rich stud who makes her feel all gooey and special inside when he's with her, and all empty when he isn't.

But he's with her right now, and she's feeling fantabulous.

Don't think about it, her inner voice commands. Just enjoy him while he's here.

He seems to be enjoying himself all right. His kisses become more heated. He probes his tongue firmly between her lips, licking them, tasting them. He licks the insides of her cheeks. He's bent on exploring her mouth as much as possible, until there is not an expanse of tissue left in there that is not savored. Meanwhile, his hands roam up and down her body. He cups her br**sts beneath her blouse, feeling the heft of her mounds inside her brassiere. She is always on sexual alert whenever she's with Brian, and so she wears her best underwear. Lately, she has taken to shopping at La Perla - just to give him an eyeful before he rips her sexy lingerie off.

Oh, but he makes her melt inside! Already her hormones are coursing within her pelvic cavity, making all the organs within swollen and needy. Her pu**y contracts, and she feels a twinge of aching desire. She badly wants him inside her. She can make love to him four times a day and it still wouldn't be enough.

If she isn't careful, she's going to fall madly and desperately in love with him, and that would be the disaster of the decade.

"Wait," he says, panting against her mouth. She can feel his erection beneath the thick fabric of his jeans.

He moves away from her. He goes to the windows and shutters the blinds frame by frame, so that no one can peer in from the sidewalks. Then he comes back.

"What? You're not undressed already?" he teases, shrugging off his jacket.

Oh, so now she gets why he has rented out the whole store.

Anyone can walk in any minute, even with the door locked. The waitress could take it in her mind to come back and demand entry. The boss could decide to check up on his waitress and throw an apoplectic fit if he glimpses what they are at.

The excitement of doing the unbidden is already turning her insides into mush. Her pu**y responds by ejecting her voluminous creams.

He undresses her, discarding item by item like a striptease. Then she watches him take his clothes off one by one. He slowly wrenches off his shoes and socks, and then his T-shirt ... until he is standing in only his jeans.

She knows he doesn't wear anything underneath.

He smiles at her tantalizingly. He unzips his jeans slowly - oh so slowly, his eyes burning into hers. His dark pubic thatch materializes.

"Now let's pick out the ones we like," he says, indicating the ice-cream on display.

*

When they have finished arranging everything, they have put six tables together and picked out two dozen small cups of different ice-cream flavors. They are both naked.

She lies down on the tables and he places himself upon his elbows beside her.

He digs his index finger into a tub and smears a dollop of tiramisu-flavored ice-cream onto her right tit. He bends his head and proceeds to lick it slowly off, trailing his tongue in a wet pool around her nipple. He repeats this with a pinch of lime sorbet and an ounce of cookies-and-cream. Then he posits a milky lump of vanilla on her left nipple and closes his mouth around it.

He sucks slowly, languorously. As if he has all the time in the world. Her nipple responds to his suckling by filling up with a warm rush of instantaneous blood. He gropes the mound of her left breast and lifts it so that he can take more of her nipple into his wet, wet mouth. Oh, how she loves the way his tongue swirls around her tip, massaging and flipping it so that it shudders and bounces in the hollow of his palate.

Her vagina turns into water.

He continues to dab the different flavors onto her br**sts, creating icy patterns, delicious whorls of increasingly complex and colorful craftsmanship - all which he licks and sucks off her skin with relish. Her flesh is both flushed with excitement and pale from his icy ministrations - so that her tits resemble a red-and-white streaked and glistening melange.

He drips strawberry sorbet onto the midline that traverses the longitudinal axis of her belly. He pushes the melting pink ice down, down, down with the tip of his tongue ... until the chilly crystals cascade into the puckered bowl of her belly button. She gasps. Her abdominal muscles contract from the illicit sensation.

His tongue swirls around the basin of her umbilicus, and continues its way south. Down, down, down until it hits the hedged barrier of her pubic hair.

He looks up, smiling. Mischief dances in his liquid brown eyes.

Her flesh down there is very hot.

"So what do we do now?" he teases.

"Tongue me," she begs.

"Say pretty please."

"Pretty please."

"That was too easy. I want you to beg for it." He places both his hands on her inner thighs and parts them.

"Please, please, please, please," she says.

"Please what? I want to hear you say it."

"Please ... lick me."

"Lick what?" He knows she doesn't quite like to get graphic, and she knows it gives him a rise when she does.

A shudder passes through her. "Lick my clitoris."

"And what toppings would you like on it?"

Oh. A blush heats her cheeks. She doesn't reply.

"Rocky Road?" he suggests, showing her the tub.

He doesn't wait for her assent. His finger scoops up a generous load of Rocky Road ice-cream and he pauses between her open legs. She's frankly unnerved when he gazes at her revealed pu**y like this - as if he wants to devour her.

He licks his lower lip as he dribbles half-melted ice-cream onto her pu**y. The first drop strikes the hood of her clit, and the sensation is electric - like a chip of ice upon her hot, hot flesh. She claws the table top, her whole body tense ... waiting.

He dabs more ice-cream onto her pu**y, until the part of her clit that is visible to him is all covered with it. Cold liquid worms into the recesses between her labia, and her womb contracts for the exquisiteness of it. He prizes open her nether lips so that he can pool more ice-cream into her hidden flesh. Her hands flutter to stop him - and yet she doesn't want him to stop.

It's too overwhelming - this intimate freezing of her most secret places.

She moans. Her hands come down to clutch his hair. She grabs tufts of its rich, tawny texture. He lowers his face to her creamed pu**y - doubly creamed in both ways - and tongues her sticky flesh. He licks her and slathers her and makes little oscillations all around her clit and pu**y lips, until she is writhing and arching her back and grinding her teeth and making little tortured noises in her throat. Her thighs are clenching to remain open because her natural instinct is to close them against too much pleasure.

His ice-cream slicked fingers creep to her pu**y hole. The lightning chill extends to her snug passageway as his fingers burrow inside. They plunge leisurely in and out of her, eliciting a fresh secretion of her own creams as he continues to lave the external parts of her genitalia with his wicked tongue.

Her gasps become more torturous and her breathing becomes more labored. Her hips lift themselves off the table as he presses his mouth down on her clit. She's cresting. Oh, how she is cresting. His teeth gently seize the wrinkled flesh in between them, and she comes violently under his mouth. The orgasm rips through her body, sending spasms throughout her entire musculature. All her nerve endings become inflamed.

He holds her down as she shudders and shakes with the tides of pleasure rolling all over her. And she has scarcely recovered when he holds up a silver foil packet and tears it with his teeth.

"Here, put it on me," he says softly.

She doesn't think she has the strength. But she arouses herself anyway to sheath the slightly wet condom around his marvelous cock.

He poises his body on top of her. Then he digs his entire right hand into a tub of mint ice-cream and slathers the creamy concoction all over his covered penis. He rubs his organ, making sure her eyes are upon it as it grows ever more tumescent.

When he's ready, he positions himself between her legs. His pupils are extremely dilated as he looks down upon her with obvious desire and need. His breathing is ragged as the tip of his cold c**k nudges her well-creamed pu**y hole.

"You ready?" he says in a hoarse voice.

She has been ready since the first time she saw him.

He pushes himself in with a rush. The coldness of his rod contrasts vastly with the heat of his thrust. She cries out at the unexpected dichotomy.

"You all right?" he asks.

"Never better."

It's true. She can gaze into his beautiful brown eyes forever - those orbs of molten chocolate. He begins to move inside her - slow and with feeling. The iciness abates with his movements, and she's a melted gooey mess down there again. Her vaginal walls expand and contract with a gushy, slithery sensation. She feels ... oh so satisfied ... so taken ... so possessed ... and years of female empowerment cannot erase this wanting to be claimed by a dominant alpha male who makes her feel feminine and desired and treasured.

She closes her eyes to savor every thrust, every pummel of her cervical mouth by his cock. He angles his crown at her G-spot, the one he has discovered in their first sexual encounter together, and she can feel the nerve bundle there being stimulated ... massaged to distraction. She clasps his back, already sweaty, and he bends his head down to cover her mouth with his lips.

He kisses her as he f**ks her - two juxtaposing sensations at either end of her body. His kisses are soft and warm and sweet. Literally sweet. He tastes of ice-cream - all the mixed flavors he has been swirling upon his tongue. Meanwhile, his pumping is raw and vigorous and frenzied, as if his hips possess a kinetic energy of their own.

She doesn't want to come before him this time because she already has had her pleasure. But try as she might, she cannot stop the crescendo of her own mounting climax. She might as well try to stop a battering ram. He has already spoilt her for other men, and she does not dare open her eyes because she knows what she will see. His melting chocolate orbs gazing into hers, full of promise and emotion and desire.

She is afraid that if she looks too deeply into his eyes, she will fall over the cliff for him - madly, truly, and without abandon. And she cannot allow herself to love a man who will not love her back.

But she can physically take whatever pleasure she can from him while he is still here.

So she gives in to the mountain that sweeps her to its peaks. She enters that stratosphere of bliss and clouds and refined, shuddering eroticism that she has visited so frequently since she has known him. She screams his name to the ceiling of the parlor as her orgasm - her second of the day, a far more violent one than before - takes her and throws her against a wall of mindless pleasure.

Oh Brian, Brian, Brian.

As she comes to, she finds her mouth enveloped in his as he shudders and gasps out her name in his own climax. Are her ears ringing or does she imagine that she hears him whisper, I love you?

You can never count on a man to mean what he says during an orgasm.

5

Sam sits at her desk in her narrow office, furiously researching Henry Moody. Piles of papers lie on her desk.

Outside in the corridor, Kathy Angleston passes by in her mile high heels, wearing a smug expression on her over-rouged face. She glances at Sam, but does not poke her head in to make small talk. Honestly, that woman is covered under an inch of makeup. By all accounts, she has probably wormed her way into Henry Moody's pants already.

Sam grimaces. She picks up the phone and punches a few numbers. She holds while the phone on the other side rings.

The connection clicks.

"Henry Moody's office," says a voice.

Sam puts on her brightest affectation. "Hello, Ms. Stetson. I am told that you are Mr. Moody's personal assistant. May I please make an appointment with him?"

"What is it about?"

Sam launches into a well-rehearsed mini sales pitch. An elevator speech, to be exact.

Ms. Stetson interrupts, "Excuse me, Ms. Fox, but Mr. Moody does not take unsolicited sales pitches. We already have a long-standing contract with McConnaughey Supplies. We will call you if we're interested."

"I understand, but when Mr. Moody hears what I have to offer, which far surpasses anything McConnaughey Supplies can do, he will be saving hundreds of thousands of dollars - "

But there is already a click on the other line.

Sam stares at the receiver.

How the hell is she going to pitch to Henry Moody?

6

Brian sits at his desk in his wide office. His walls are a vista of clear glass, looking out into the skyscraper-filled city of Chicago. If you were to spy on him with a telescopic lens from an adjacent building, you would think him hard at work, tapping furiously at his keyboard.

The truth is that Brian is Googling.

To be more precise, he is Googling Henry Moody.

He finds articles, press releases, images. He reads them thoroughly. Moody isn't a bad account for his ad firm to land either, he muses.

A line in an article catches his eye. Henry Moody is a patron of the opera.

Opera?

Brian wrinkles his nose. He could never stomach opera music. He always thought it sounds like cats being tortured.

... And he can be found frequenting the Galois every Saturday night with his wife, the article says.

Brian picks up the phone.

"Sammie sweetheart? Yeah, I'm calling because I'm thinking about you."

Pause.

"No ... I'm seriously thinking about you in a non-romantic, non-commitment, spur of the moment, hanging out kind of way. Yeah, there is more than one way to skin a cat."

Pause.

"Uh huh. Speaking of cats, what are you doing Saturday night?"

7

"It's great to go out on a double date," Cassie says.

She's dressed in a little retro black dress and her style is done up in a sixties Audrey Hepburn do. She looks amazing, though Brian would rather eat thumbtacks than to ever tell her that. The downside about having Caleb date Cassie is that he's forced to put up with her now and again - as in every fortnight. Which is far more than Brian can take of Cassie in a lifetime.

Take tonight, for example. He's sorry he ever dropped the subject of opera to Caleb.

"Hey, I like opera," Caleb chimed up brightly.

"Since when? I've known you since the eighth grade, and you've never, ever shown the slightest inclination towards the deviant arts."

"Like, duh. Opera isn't deviant, last time I checked."

"Matter of opinion. Back in the Inquisition, it was a legalized method of torture alongside the rack and anal probes."

"They didn't have anal probes during the Inquisition."

"Speak for yourself. I remember the history books differently. If you were a fornicator, they probed your prostate with matchsticks before they f**ked your ears with La Traviata."

"Hey, I know my history. La Travalina ... whatever wasn't written during the Inquisition. It was written sometime in ... uh ... " Caleb scrunches his forehead.

"How can you like opera when you can't even pronounce half the Italian names? Now, why do you want to go to something that's going to trip your tongue up and bore you out of your skull when you can do the same with a power drill?"

"Why the f**k are you going then? Oh, I get it. You're taking Samantha out on a date." Caleb grinned. "I think it's totally cool you're dating her, though I hadn't pegged you for the dating type, Mr. 'I don't do romance, I only f**k."

"I believe my exact words are 'I don't believe in love, I believe in f**king'. And I'm not dating Samantha. We're just hanging out, the way you and I hang out. When you do make the time to hang out with your old, lonesome friend who happens to be single, of course."

Caleb had the decency to look abashed. "Well, Brian, I know I haven't been around as much as I used to lately - "

"Hah."

" - but it happens when you start dating someone. You want to see them as much as you can to see where you're going with the relationship. Not that you'd know. Or care."

"Not that I'd want to know."

"But it's a temporary phase. I'm sorry I've neglected you - "

"Oh baby, you haven't neglected me." Brian mimicked a woman's voice. "I've just been waiting by the telephone and you haven't called in days." He slaps the back of his best friend's head. "You twat. Of course you don't have to feel guilty for doing what comes naturally."

"I just assumed you've been hanging out with Sam. So this Saturday is a chance for us to double date." He spied Brian's deadpan look. "OK, to hang out. It's a chance for us to be together again. Cassie has been saying she'd like to take in a little culture."

Brian was going to open his mouth to protest, and then he thought: What the f**k?

So here they are in a roundabout, pseudo-double dating turn of events. Because it's the opera and it's the Galois, they are all dressed to the nines. They are perched on the grand sweeping staircase that leads to the Galois's plush interior - all red velvet and glorious golden light and liveried ushers and white marble stairways.

Brian is wearing a tuxedo.

"You look very, very handsome," Sam says warmly.

"Et tu," he says, lifting the hem of her beaded white shawl. It's true. She is dressed in a stunning red gown underneath that shawl. Her earlobes are clasped with diamond earrings.

He tenderly brushes away a tendril of her curly hair from her face.

"Thank you for the dress ... and the earrings," she says shyly.

"Don't get too attached to the earrings. They're on loan from Tiffany's." He would have bought them for her, but she would have read all kinds of meaning into his gesture, and it would be easier to just tell her he loaned them for the night.

In truth, he had bought them. For her, to be precise. Once she's done with them, they can go back into his safe. He hasn't figured out if he's going to gift them for her birthday or some other special 'friendly' occasion.

"So this is a business meeting," she says, looking around at all the gorgeously dressed patrons, totally clueless about what he's going to sic onto her.

"Yeah, you'll never know who you might meet at these events. I for one am hoping to catch Senator Adair. She can use a new ad campaign for her re-election. Her current one sucks balls."

Cassie comes up and grabs Sam's arm.

"You look absolutely fabulous," she says in envy.

"Thanks to Brian."

"Oh." Cassie eyes him up and down as she would an insect. "Buying gifts now to assuage your guilt?"

"Guilt isn't in my vocabulary." He smirks.

"User."

"Touche."

"Now, now, guys," Sam interrupts, without seeming too concerned. She is used to their public tiffs by now. "This is one of the few evenings we get to spend together, and I'd like to do so without having to blow my referee whistle every two seconds."

Brian leans over to Caleb and says in a very loud voice. "That's why you should have left your girlfriend back in the psych ward with her meds."

Several people turn.

Cassie says to Sam in equally as loud a voice, "Is he still f**king around on you? I hope the penicillin did the trick on clearing up his syphilis."

More people turn. They wear amazed and mildly disgusted glances.

Sam says, "Now, Cassie, Brian is not f**king around on me. We're not a couple."

"Absolutely," Brian echoes.

"We're just hanging out."

"We practically have clothes hangers sticking on our backs."

Cassie regards Brian with a murderous stare. She says to Sam out of the corner of her mouth, "It's just that you deserve so much better than this ... this ... "

"Ah, words fail you to describe me," Brian remarks. "It must be my considerable charm."

"... prick," Cassie finishes. "He doesn't even have the decency to set you free instead of manipulating your emotions. That way, you can be rid of him and find a nice, decent guy of your own. Right now, he's just a millstone around your neck."

"I'm an independent woman with a mind of my own, and this is not the time and place to be discussing this." Sam glances meaningfully at the gathering people around them.

"We'd better be going in," Caleb says. "What are we watching tonight again?"

"Aida, you opera buff." Cassie digs a finger into his side.

"Ooof. Great. Is that the one set in China?"

"That's Turandot. Aida is set in ancient Egypt."

"Cool. I love mummies."

They all troop in before they can embarrass themselves any further. Brian buys them four programs. Sam hangs on to his arm. She's practically goggle-eyed, staring at everything and anyone.

"I feel like I'm at an Oscar party," she whispers.

He whispers back, "I feel like I'm at a colonoscopy."

"Be nice. Where's the senator? Do you see her?" She cranes her neck to peer over the heads of the shiny, dressy people.

He knows full well the senator isn't here. "If we see her, we see her. You can't miss her. She has a head shaped like a marshmallow."

They go in for the first act. Brian has gotten them balcony seats, right in the middle - in full view of the stage and the Sensurround caterwauling. In the box seat right across from them on the left, he spies his prey. He allows himself a congratulatory pat. Henry Moody and his wife are seated in their usual box, chatting to each other as the violins begin their concerted screeching.

Brian nudges Sam. "Look over there."

She looks. "Is that who I think it is?"

"Old Man Moody himself. What a coincidence." He can see the permutations running in her head.

She swivels to him, her face glowing. "Why ... you ... "

"I didn't do anything. He's all yours."

"Do you think he would let me ... approach him?"

"There's only one intermission to find out."

The opera starts. He can sense Sam's mounting excitement. She grasps his hand, and he grasps it back.

Their handholding is not lost on Cassie, seated beside Sam. She grimaces. He sticks his tongue out at her.

Who said opera was boring?

*

If Brian didn't have the program in front of him, he wouldn't be able to make head or tail out of what's happening. What he gathers is that Aida is some slave woman who just happens to be an Ethiopian princess, and she is being played by someone really fat. Despite the obvious obesity, she is loved by a really hot, really slim Egyptian commander. Who in turn is loved by the Pharaoh's nubile daughter, who is thankfully played by someone weighing less than a metric ton.

Seriously, he fears for the stage.

But by Act Two, he is completely absorbed.

Not that he understands the words they are singing, of course, but the drama that unfolds before them is quite compelling. The characters are equally compelling. He doesn't care much for the lovelorn, passive Aida, but he finds the Pharaoh's jealous and vengeful daughter, Amneris, who would do anything to get Aida's hot beau, majorly fascinating.

Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned indeed.

The lights dim, the audience applauds, and it's intermission.

"I have never approached a potential client before during an opera," Sam confesses.

He squeezes her fingers. "He's getting out of his box. You can do it."

"You knew he was going to be here, didn't you? You orchestrated the whole thing," she accuses.

"Scout's honor, I didn't know he was going to be here. It's a sign from somewhere beyond that ceiling - " he indicates the chandeliers " - that you were meant to land this account."

"Are you going to go or what?" Cassie says from behind him. "I have to go pee."

Brian grins and gives Sam his arm. "I'm in the Mood. Are you?"

"I've got to do this on my own," she says.

He understands. He kisses her on the forehead. "Go get them, tiger. I'll be waiting."

He watches her retreating back as she exits.

"Excuse me before I pee all over your feet," Cassie says as she elbows him.

"Hey, don't get your tits in a twist." He moves away so that Cassie can pass while purposefully treading on his toes.

He bares his teeth at her. She snarls back.

Oooh, he's got to be careful about this one. He has a feeling she's going to cause real trouble between Sam and him. Provided Sam and him are actually a couple, of course, which they are not. Even then -

His cellphone vibrates. He eases it out of his pocket and frowns.

It's his penthouse alarm. It is going off. Barring any glitches, this means someone - impossibly - has broken in.

8

Sam is extremely stoked as she weaves through the superbly-dressed opera crowd to the bar, where Henry Moody and his wife are standing, ordering drinks. Her feet grind to a halt as her nerves suddenly bolt up her spine. She has never, ever done this before. She has never solicited business in this manner.

What if Henry Moody laughs in her face? What if he shoots her down? Chases her away like some door-to-door Avon saleslady?

He's not going to let you get near him with a ten-foot pole anyway, so you've got nothing to lose.

Except your job.

She straightens her back. It's either she braves herself up for rejection ... or lose her new apartment.

She taps her way to Henry Moody, clutching her gold lame purse. I look like a million bucks, she assures herself.

"Mr. Moody?" she says, her voice faltering a little.

Henry Moody turns. He is a man in his seventies - frail, a little stooped, mousy-haired and bespectacled. But the blue eyes that peer at her from behind them are intense and bright.

"Yes?" he says.

Butterflies swarm in Sam's stomach. Especially when Mrs. Moody gives her a look of 'how dare you interrupt my husband on a Saturday?' dislike.

"I'm Samantha Fox." She puts out a be-ringed hand.

He takes it, clearly charmed. Sam is somewhat surprised. She doesn't have enough confidence yet in her own feminine wiles to gauge if she will instantly make an impact.

"Henry, darling, shouldn't we be going in for Act Three?" Mrs. Moody says pointedly.

Sam says in a rush, "We've met before at a charity benefit."

Henry frowns in puzzlement. "Forgive me, but I can't remember ... and I would certainly have remembered such a pretty young thing as yourself."

"Henry," chides his wife.

"I've got one of those really unmemorable faces." Sam laughs. Oh gawd. She sucks so badly at this. "I was with Landry and Sons, but they have been taken over recently by Sapphire. We've just launched our latest product, the A677, which is guaranteed to make the old model, the CG506, look like last century's invention. And at half the price too."

Henry Moody looks genuinely interested. "I've been using the CG506 in all my factories."

"I know. If you would permit me - "

"Henry, we really have got to go in." Mrs. Moody firmly grasps his elbow.

Sam hurriedly fishes out her card. "If you would permit me to make an appointment with you at your office, I would be more than happy to show you how I can save you hundreds of thousands of dollars at double the efficiency."

She's so glad she has her one-sentence, elevator selling spiel rehearsed to the doldrums.

"Of course." Henry Moody trails after his insistent wife with a twinkle in his eye. "Make an appointment with my PA on Monday."

A rush of exhilaration floods Sam's cheeks. "It would be my pleasure, sir."

Oh, oh, oh. She can't wait to tell Brian.

But where is he? She catches sight of Cassie and Caleb with their martinis in one corner, huddling in intimate conversation. They are a real couple in every sense of the word ... and she and Brian are -

Well ...

Don't lose sleep over this.

She tries to look for Brian amid the crowd, but she can't spot him anywhere. And she's sure he would stand out too, being as tall as he is.

She makes a beeline for Cassie and Caleb.

"Caleb, have you seen Brian?"

"I just got this text message from him." Caleb holds his phone up.

Sam takes it and reads the display:

SOMETHING CAME UP, AND IT'S NOT MY DICK. GOTTA RUSH. SEE SAM HOME SAFELY, WILL YA?

Frowning, she checks her own cellphone, which has been put on 'Silent'.

FOR A GOOD MOOD, BREAK A LEG.

She can't help smiling. And also wondering what the hell is up with Brian that he had to rush off like this?

9

The alarm has long been deactivated when Brian arrives at the doors of his penthouse. Two security guards are waiting for him.

"We can find no signs of breaking or entering, sir," one of them says, indicating the door. "It may be that the alarm system is faulty."

It's true. The doors do not appear tampered with. And it's unlikely someone climbed in through the window, seeing as they are thirty-three floors up.

"Thanks, Gus," Brian says. He inserts his key into the lock. Pushing the doors apart, he enters his apartment.

The complex alarm system on the side of the door is flashing. Brian swiftly disarms it.

"Zone Three," he pronounces. "That would be ... " he raises his head skyward " ... the bedroom."

"Let us check it out, sir," Gus says.

The guards fan out. One of them combs downstairs while the other rapidly ascends the wooden spiral stairway that leads to the upper level. Brian's pulse taps a steady beat at his neck. He's not unduly worried that anyone would break in. That is the reason why he has a penthouse - for the security.

But he has had a lot of visitors. A lot of one night stands.

He hasn't been too careful in that regard. Any one of them could have ferreted out his alarm system. But they are all women anyway. He didn't think any of them were criminals.

Maybe he should buy himself a separate f**k pad. Somewhere he doesn't live.

Gus comes down the stairs. "All clear, sir."

"Good to know. I need to head out again. Thanks and sorry for the literally false alarm."

"You should get the alarm company to have a look at it Monday, sir."

For answer, Brian smiles and holds the door open.

When the security guards have taken the elevator downstairs, he arms the alarm again and exits, locking the door behind him. Aida has probably finished killing herself over her hot commander by now, but maybe he can catch Sam and the rest for drinks - provided Cassie hasn't burned the opera house down with her witchery.

He pushes the button for the private elevator - the only car available on the floor. When it arrives, he steps in. He rides all thirty-three floors down, thinking of Sam pitching to Old Man Moody and smiling. He has full confidence in her, even if she doesn't seem to have much in herself.

The elevator doors slide open and he steps out.

And collides into a woman carrying a dish.

Whatever was in that dish upturns and spills onto the woman's dress. But she manages to catch the dish before it can slide down her front and splinter into a thousand pieces upon the floor.

"Oh, oh, oh," she wails.

"I'm sorry," Brian says, reaching for the dish and righting it again. "But look on the bright side. At least we managed to save half of whatever's cooking."

If there's a glass lid to the dish, which is made out of white china, he can't find it on her, or on the floor, or anywhere else. Unless it has slid down her dress.

And what a dress.

He finds himself looking at a pretty redhead in a green gabardine dress cut to show off plenty of cle**age. And that cle**age - which immediately arrests his eyes - is now covered with a generous helping of Bolognese sauce.

She says, "Now I'm a mess."

"It goes well with your hair."

She glares at him. "Are you always this smug?"

"I was only trying to compliment you ... and to get you to see the bright side of the situation. That's me, an eternal optimist." Brian flashes his most charming smile, the one he knows will get women out of their panties faster than they can raise their skirts.

He points at her cle**age. He is on his predatory mode again - the one that comes naturally to him like the air he's breathing.

"If you'd like to come up to my place, I can get you cleaned up. And nothing else will happen, scout's honor."

Of course, he was never a scout. But they don't know that. He also knows that his large brown eyes are lighted up by the dim overhead lamps into a rich liquid golden, and they are at their most alluring. Besides, he is devastatingly handsome in his tux.

The redhead says doubtfully, "Well ... I was here to visit a friend ... and I've got to really be getting back ... "

"To a husband? Boyfriend? Laundry service?"

"No."

Brian holds his hands up. "Well, when you get back to your significant whatevers smelling of lasagna, don't say I didn't offer to get you cleaned up."

Nothing like the seeming withdrawal of an illicit promise to get their juices churning.

The redhead pauses. "Well, OK. You got detergent?"

"I have a silk bathrobe."

He punches the button of the private penthouse elevator again. The smile is still on his face as they step in together.

In a corner of the ceiling, the roving security camera is trained on them.

10

Brian pushes open the front door of his penthouse; aware that only minutes ago, he had made up his mind to be more careful about letting strangers into his home. Still, what can an itsy-bitsy girl like her do to a big, strapping man like him?

"Come on in," he says.

"Wow." Her dark eyes sparkle.

This is the reaction he always gets when he brings someone back to his apartment for the first time. It's designed to wow. The entrance opens up to a lounge bedecked with a plush Persian carpet that cost him a hundred thousand dollars. OK, it was a gift from his aunt. Tasteful Italian furniture is set in artful arrangement, and the centerpiece is a grand piano.

"You play?" she asks.

Has he heard her voice before? Something about her seems awfully familiar.

"Only with one finger."

"And you have a whole grand piano just for that finger," she teases.

Oh, she wants him all right.

"I'll promise not to tell you where that finger has been if you promise not to tell anyone I can't play."

She laughs. "I guess I'd better ask you to promise to point me the way to the bathroom."

"The swimming pool is out there just in case you need a larger body of water."

She gives him a knowing look and disappears in the direction of the guest bathroom.

He shrugs his tuxedo jacket off and goes to the bar. An array of liquor bottles greets him. He wonders what she would like. Something hard? Or maybe a little wine? He picks up a shot glass and pours himself some bourbon.

She reappears - in his white silk bathrobe. Her cle**age is pronounced in between the lapels, and she has the sash loosely tied around her waist. He can see that she has an amazing body under the robe. Her red hair falls prettily around her shoulders. She carries her partially wet green dress.

"Bourbon?" he asks her.

"No, I think I will have myself some vodka."

"I'm Brian Morton, by the way."

"Delilah."

Fetching name, he thinks.

He puts down his drink on the bar. "Well, Delilah, if you don't mind, I think I will change into something more comfortable before I get bourbon all over my dress suit."

"Do you have a tumble dryer?"

"It's over that way in the laundry room, which is behind the kitchen." He points her in the direction. "Make yourself at home."

When he comes back to the lounge, in jeans and a grey sleeveless tee which shows off his shoulder muscles to maximal effect, she is seated on his black leather sofa, sipping vodka. She pushes an identical glass towards him.

"I don't like to drink alone," she says.

Her eyelashes bat suggestively at him. So she's also a predator. He likes that. He wonders what she would be in bed with her hair all mussed up and sprawled gloriously upon the pillow.

A fleeting image of Sam graces the top of his mind, but he pushes it away. This was their deal, after all. They are just 'hanging out'. No obligations, no commitments, no regrets. The way they both like it.

He sinks into the sofa seat next to the redhead and takes the drink she proffers. It's more bourbon.

"Bottoms up," he says, clinking glasses with her. "Here's to laundry."

"To laundry," she agrees.

"May your stains always be washed away by the detergent gods," he adds. He has to restrain himself very hard from making more quips with other types of stains.

She finishes her drink, straight up, and slams her glass down on the table. Her cheeks are lightly flushed.

He grins and does the same to his.

"Now, how do we go about this?" he says.

He leans over. His mouth closes in on hers. She tastes of vodka and clean lipstick. His hands roam down the silky expanse of her bathrobe. His bathrobe. He cups her br**sts beneath the silk. Her ni**les are pointed and hard.

His c**k grows hard - ready for action as it always is. He always did have a healthy libido, one he can summon at will. She kisses him back - sensual and raw and needy.

Is it just him or is the room spinning a little? Sam's pretty face with its upturned nose comes back to his semi-glazed vision. Let's see. What did he take tonight? Two glasses of bourbon. He didn't order anything at the bar of the Galois, did he? He could always hold his liquor. It's his trademark.

He blinks to clear the daze and kisses her with climbing fervor. His hands grow bolder. He gropes her waist, her bu**ocks, her thighs. He doesn't come up for air as his tongue probes her mouth.

He feels her hands go around his head, gripping bunches of his hair, and then down his back.

The rest of the evening spirals away into blackness. A blackness that he will try very hard to remember for a long time ... but can't.

11

There's a pounding in his head that he can't get away from. Someone is hammering nails into the base of his skull. A splitting headache like a hundred hangovers rolled into one comes charging through the noise, breaking through the barriers of murkiness and haze and dreams filled with shadowy figures that are wraiths and yet not wraiths.

He claws through the murk and tries to open his sleep-encrusted eyes. Shapes swim into being. A vivid red and gold pattern assails his vision, and he realizes that he is face down on his own lounge carpet. To be precise, his one hundred thousand Persian weave. The house-warming present from his billionaire uncle's wife.

He raises his head. There is a persistent knocking on his front door. He groans. His body feels as though a steamroller has flattened it. He raises himself to his elbows.

The door bursts open and feet clatter into his apartment. Black boots, regulation style.

"Mr. Morton?" says an unfamiliar voice.

Brian squints into the light, dazed. Outside, the sun is streaming through the ceiling-to-floor glass windows. He holds a hand up to block out the light. He thought he had drawn the f**king curtains.

"Yes?"

"You are under arrest."

The rest of his Miranda rights are lost in the drone of the officer's voice as hands jerk his naked body up, and his wrists are cuffed behind his back. Brian stares in horror at the ruins of the evening. Broken glass coffee table. Scattered shards of glass everywhere. Smashed three thousand dollar lampstand. Torn curtains.

His clothes strewn all over the floor.

And a torn silken bathrobe crumpled in a heap beside them.

What? What? What? What? A ship is plowing through the mists of his brain - a flotsam of memories struggling to come to the surface, like a shipwreck victim clawing for air. And failing miserably to ascend.

Something cuts through his bare feet. He lifts his right leg up and stares at his sole.

Blood.

Embedded glass fragments.

And that's not the only damage to his body. The bloody trails of four fingernails have been raked and imprinted upon his chest.

What the f**k happened here?

12

Brian is f**king her, gazing into her eyes oh so deeply and murmuring, "I love you, I love you, I love you" as his hips thrust and slam into hers. She can look into his large liquid brown eyes forever - those eyes of endless promise and discovery.

"I love you too, Brian," she whispers, wishing this moment will last.

The bedside table phone rings. And rings and rings, even as he continues to f**k her.

Something pops.

Brian disappears and Sam's eyes flutter open. Beside her bed, her cellphone buzzes insistently. The ringtone she has chosen for this particular caller is 'Independent Woman'.

Sam sleepily reaches over for her cellphone. It momentarily stops, and then starts up again as she gropes for it and almost drops it. She presses the 'Answer' button.

"Yes?"

"Why the hell didn't you answer?" Cassie's annoyed voice compresses the Verizon sound barrier. "Caleb's gone to the police station."

"What for?"

"Didn't anyone call you? Brian called his lawyer, and his lawyer called Caleb. So I'm calling you now. Brian's been arrested."

Sam sits up in bed. "What?"

"Get dressed and pick me up in thirty minutes." Cassie sounds almost gleeful.

Sam is peeved. She knows Cassie doesn't like Brian, but really - is that a good reason to gloat over someone else's misfortune? Is there ever?

"OK." Sam rings off, her mind churning. She is going to have words with Cassie about this. She supposes Cassie sees it as retribution for Brian's collective sins - for f**king around, for 'cheating' on her when, really, all Brian has ever done was to be himself. And he has never lied to her, never promised her anything he couldn't deliver.

What the hell has he done now?

13

The police interrogation room is claustrophobic - grey walls, metal table, four metal chairs, TV and video player mounted on a stand.

Welcome to the next level, Brian thinks with a grimace. Congrats, you're going up the ladder. He has been arrested before for drunk driving when he was in college, but he has never been in an interrogation room. This is a whole new level of misdemeanor entirely.

Karen Sandler, his lawyer, is seated beside him. She is an attractive brunette in her mid-thirties with a no-nonsense attitude. And yes, he has slept with her. Once. She totally gets him - gets what he's about - because she's the same way too. She doesn't believe in marriage or relationships or being shackled to a ball and chain for the rest of her life. She's a woman after his own heart.

Shackled is a good word to use in this place.

He has told her exactly what happened.

"Don't say anything unless I tell you to," she cautions him.

That should be a first for him. He has never been one to keep mum on anything. He supposes it's as good a starting point as any.

"I'll try very hard not to," he says.

"And none of your snide remarks."

"Yes, Mom."

Speaking of Mom, he hopes his parents will never find out about this. Or his uncle. Especially his uncle.

The two officers opposite the table are polar opposites. In fact, he's certain they are going to stick the good cop, bad cop routine on him. One of them is a black officer with a badge that says 'CUTTER'. The other is a hulking Norse god named 'RILEY'.

Quaint.

Both of them have officious-looking folders on the table before them.

Officer Cutter says, "Now, Mr. Morton, tell us exactly what happened last night."

"I will speak on his behalf," Karen says.

"No, I'm OK about this," Brian says. He ignores her glare. "I have nothing to hide."

"Go on," Officer Riley says.

Brian takes a deep breath.

"I was at the Galois, watching some opera about some ancient Egyptian people who have been wrongly accused." Well, that was what he read in the program, not that he watched Act Three. "I was with my friends - Samantha and Caleb and Cassie."

Well, Cassie is kind of a friend. OK, a friend of a friend, but spare him the technicalities.

"I received an alert on my cellphone during intermission that the alarm in my apartment had gone off."

"You live at 675, North Drive, don't you, Mr. Morton?"

"Yes."

"Penthouse?"

"Yes."

"And you are the President and CEO of Vanguard Advertising."

"Yes."

"You own a hundred percent of it."

Brian hesitates. There is a technicality involved, and he wonders if he should tell the good officers about it, especially since it has nothing to do with the case. "Yes. But my uncle, Jefferson Morton, is still the Chairman. Vanguard belongs to the Morton group."

"What does that mean?"

"I don't see what this has to do with the case," Karen interrupts.

Brian says, "In the spirit of being an open book, I'll answer. My uncle gave me the money to start up Vanguard after college. I had an experienced partner, Jane, my uncle's daughter. She taught me everything she knew. She left after three years to start up the New York office."

"So you are beholden to your uncle," Officer Cutter remarks.

"You could say that, yes. But I do own a hundred percent of Vanguard now."

It didn't start out that way, but as a reward for growing it by triple figures every year, Jefferson Morton ceded his majority shares to his nephew. With one written caveat.

Little does Brian know that this caveat will return in full force to slam him in the face within the next few days.

Karen quickly cuts in, "Which goes on to show that a man of my client's position has no reason or motive to do what you claimed he did."

"We'll get to that soon enough, Ms. Sandler. Please continue, Mr. Morton. Tell us what happened last night."

Brian isn't sure if Officer Riley has been selected to play good cop today, or if being the CEO of a company begets natural politeness on the part of policemen.

"I returned to my apartment. The security guards were already there. We found nothing amiss. I locked up to return to the Galois."

"But the opera had already finished by that time, Mr. Morton," says Officer Cutter. "Why would you be trying to get back to the Galois?"

Brian frowns. He hadn't thought of it like that. "I was trying to catch my friends for a drink."

"Did you call or text any of your friends?"

"No."

"If you were trying to catch your friends at the tail end of an opera, wouldn't you at the very least text them to ask to meet you someplace, or at least to stay put at the Galois to wait for you?"

Fuck. Now they are trying to make him look like a criminal.

Karen says, "Brian, let me answer."

Brian says drily, "I didn't have time to call or text my friends because when I got down to the lobby, the elevator doors opened, and I literally crashed into Ms. Faulkner. Only at that time, I didn't know her name."

He only learned her full name at the police station.

He goes on, "She was carrying some sort of dish filled with Bolognese. I was thinking ... who the hell carries an uncovered dish?" He pauses, his mind churning.

Yes ... it did seem premeditated. Almost like an accident waiting to happen.

"The sauce spilled down the front of her dress. I apologized and asked if she would like to use my apartment to clean herself up."

"You apologized?" Officer Cutter says.

"Yes."

"Why?"

Karen narrows her eyes. She says in an icy tone, "Because Mr. Morton is a gentleman?"

Brian can see where this is heading. "Apologizing is the natural thing to do in this sort of situation. Or would you rather I push her brusquely away and tell her she's a dodo for carrying spaghetti sauce around without a warning siren?"

Officer Riley holds up a hand as a conciliatory gesture. "The security camera captured the lobby incident rather well, Mr. Morton. It is as you described, although we can't hear what you are saying, of course."

He gets up, his chair pushing back with a creak. He walks to the TV and depresses a button. The screen flickers to life.

Validation, Brian thinks. And hopes.

The entire lobby scene displays, showing grainy images of Brian colliding into the woman. They speak. The camera is fixed on Brian's face while the woman has her back to it. Her body language appears doubtful, reticent. Brian coaxes her. They finally reenter the elevator. The time clock on the lower left hand corner of the screen shows 9.15 p.m.

The smile on Brian's face is predatory. Smug.

Premeditated.

Oh shit. He can see how this looks.

Brian says with heat, "I was offering to let her clean up at my place."

"I'm sure you were, Mr. Morton," Officer Cutter replies.

Karen says, "That's precisely Mr. Morton's defense, Officer Cutter. He wasn't doing anything he normally doesn't do. Mr. Morton has quite a reputation for being a ladies' man. I'm sure that if you go through all the security camera recordings for the past three years, you will find that Mr. Morton has had similar visitors."

Well over several hundred, Brian has to admit. Who would ever have thought that such a legacy would now come to his defense in his hour of need?

For the first time, he's ashamed of it.

In the video, the elevator doors slide shut noiselessly.

"Are there any security cameras in your penthouse, Mr. Morton?" Officer Riley asks.

"No." Shit. He had them taken out because he didn't want recordings of his sexploits.

"So we have only your word against Ms. Faulkner's as to what happened last night?" Officer Cutter says with meaning.

"Yes." He's afraid so.

"Tell us what happened."

"Brian," Karen warns.

"We went up to my apartment. She asked to wash the pasta sauce off her dress. I pointed in the direction of the guest bathroom. I went up to my bedroom to change into something more comfortable. When I came down, she was in my white silk bathrobe. She was seated on the sofa in my lounge. She had poured both of us drinks from my bar."

He pauses, trying to remember through the fugue in his brain.

"We started fooling around."

"Be specific," Karen encourages.

Yeah. Specificity is important here, he gets that now. "I sat beside her on the couch. We downed our drinks and put the glasses down. We started kissing."

"Who kissed who first?" Officer Cutter interrupts.

"I kissed her first," Brian says, his eyes meeting the policeman's. "It's what I do."

He's the one who always has to be in command. In charge of the situation.

"And then?"

"She kissed me back."

"Are you certain, Mr. Morton?"

"Yes. We were kissing on my sofa, and then the room started to spin."

Karen says quickly, "My client does not remember anything after that point, officers."

"Do you do drugs, Mr. Morton?"

"Not that night."

"But you do drugs occasionally?"

"Only recreational ones. And not that often," Brian says.

Karen shoots him a glare.

"Hey, I'm being honest," he shoots back.

"Will you be willing to submit to a blood and urine test?"

Brian holds out his arm. "Why not? I have nothing to hide."

"So you keep repeating." Officer Cutter leans closer. "But that is when your stories diverge."

"So I gather," Brian says caustically.

"Have you ever met Ms. Delilah Faulkner before yesterday?"

"I don't think so."

Officer Cutter taps the folder in front of him. For the first time, he opens it. "Let's review Ms. Faulkner's statements."

Brian can't help tensing. Beside him, Karen's face flinches a little. Officer Riley catches it.

"According to Ms. Faulkner, you kissed her."

"She kissed me back."

"You kissed her. You practically forced her down upon your sofa. Sensing that you were going to be a bit rough, she pulled back. She said, 'No. I changed my mind about this'."

Brian clenches his jaw. He swallows the hard lump that has suddenly bolted up his throat. "I have never, ever forced myself on any woman before. Any woman who didn't want it, that is."

"Brian," Karen cautions.

"She tried to push you away, but you were a little drunk. Insistent. How many drinks did you have last night?"

Brian closes his eyes. "Two."

"Bourbon?"

"Yes."

"She struggled ... and that's when she started to claw you, resulting in those scratch marks you see on your chest. You both fought, which resulted in the smashed furniture around you. But you were strong. You overpowered her. Then you tore her robe off and raped her."

Brian turns pale. "I've never ... "

"Raped anyone in your life, Mr. Morton? Perhaps you were under the influence of alcohol. But Ms. Faulkner managed to escape. She made her way downstairs."

Officer Cutter starts the video again. This time, the time clock on the little left hand corner at the bottom of the screen displays 10.29 p.m. The camera is trained at the elevator doors. They open and a disheveled Delilah, wet green dress askew, stumbles out.

Brian's stomach turns.

What has he done to her?

"The doorman spotted her, asked her what was wrong, but she wouldn't say anything to him. She made her way to her car parked in the basement. She drove straight to the hospital. A statement from the medical report suggests that she has indeed been traumatized with signs of forced penetration, both vaginally and anally. Sperm samples have been taken from both orifices."

Brian freezes. He has had anal sex with women before, but it was always because they begged him to f**k them in the ass. This can't be happening. It simply can't. He has never taken a woman against her will, no matter how drunk or high or stoned he has been. He never had to. They all flocked to him like rabbits to a carrot patch.

"Right after that, she came to us, the police."

"My client doesn't remember anything of what you have read from Ms. Faulkner's case notes, Officer," Karen says. "He passed out."

Brian closes his eyes. "I didn't rape her. I didn't do anything to her that she didn't want me to. And as I remembered it, her words and body language suggested very much that she wanted me."

Then why isn't he as sure as he should be? The doubts are creeping in. What is he really like when he's under the influence? Is he so sure he wouldn't turn violent like his father?

He's frightened, but not because of what might happen to him. He's terrified because he's suddenly afraid of who he really is.

His father all over again.

Oh God.

Karen continues, "My client is an upstanding member of the community. He is from a very prominent family which has contributed plenty to the state of Illinois. He is the CEO of a large advertising firm which has done campaigns for the mayor himself. His only crime is promiscuity, and when I last checked, that wasn't a punishable offence. Ask yourself this, officers. Why would a handsome, successful and wealthy young man like Brian Morton who has practically every single woman and quite a few married ones throwing themselves at his feet ever has the need to rape someone?"

Officer Cutter clears his throat. "I have been in this profession, Ms. Sandler, for more than twenty years. I have met mild-mannered fathers, respected university professors, prominent businessmen, and even famous political figures who have all in some manner or other been convicted of raping someone - even when 'they have no need to' for sexual release.

"The psychology of rape is a complex beast, involving many cognitive and emotional factors. But the majority of ra**sts aren't sexually frustrated middle-aged men prowling in alleys. In fact, most of them are outwardly what you would consider normal people."

"I am not a ra**st," Brian says between his teeth.

"We will be investigating the case," Officer Cutter says, standing up and collecting his case notes. "Meanwhile, bail will be set at a hundred thousand dollars."

"What?" Karen splutters. "Officer, my client has never committed any offence before - "

"Your client is a man of considerable means, as you rightly pointed out, Ms. Sandler." He turns to Brian, still seated. "I trust you will be posting bail easily enough. And don't skip town."

14

It takes a while to mobilize a hundred grand, especially on a Sunday. Even for Brian Morton. And especially when he doesn't want to involve his uncle. But when they finally do, it's already Monday afternoon. Brian has spent the entire night in jail.

When he comes out, he's unshaven, cranky and sore. His eyes are bloodshot. Caleb and Sam are waiting for him in the reception area of the police station.

Sam immediately hugs Brian. He hugs her back readily enough, but she can feel a reticence - a mild pulling back.

"I didn't do it," he says to both Caleb and her. He doesn't meet their eyes.

Her heart sinks.

When she heard about the 'rape' yesterday, she couldn't believe her ears. "What?"

"I know," Caleb says soberly. "I didn't believe it myself either."

"Brian would never rape someone."

"That's supposed to be my line."

"I mean," Sam is so indignant that she has difficulty forming her words, "he doesn't have to!"

"You're preaching to the choir."

Cassie's mouth is sewn up in a tight purse. Then she speaks, "How much do you really know about him anyway, Sam?"

"Oh come on," Caleb says. "I know you don't like him - "

"I didn't say I didn't like him."

"Oh yes, you did. Every chance you got, you took a dig at him, Cass. I mean, he's my best friend. What do you want me to say or do? Agree on anything that you say about him?"

"You've defended him from day one, Caleb, and I'm just saying he's not exactly the kind of friend who always has your best interests at heart. He's selfish, egoistical, narcissistic, and I'm sorry you can't see it."

"You don't know anything about Brian." Caleb raises his voice. "So stop judging him."

"OK, that's enough." Sam physically steps in between them and pushes them apart. Her face is flushed and she's panting slightly. "The two of you arguing is not going to help Brian one bit. I know Brian much better than you, Cass, and I say he's not capable of raping anyone."

Hurting them emotionally is another matter, but now is the time not to bring that up.

"So why is this woman accusing him of rape?" Cassie demands. "There's never smoke without fire."

"I don't know. Maybe there's a misunderstanding. But whatever it is, Brian didn't intentionally do it."

"You sound so sure."

"I am sure."

That was yesterday. Today, the situation has calmed down somewhat. Caleb has managed to talk Cassie into staying away, which didn't require that much effort.

Brian hugs Caleb next. "Thanks for bailing me out."

"Hey, it's your money. I only made a couple of phone calls."

"It was more than a few phone calls, Cal, and you know it."

"I did it so you'll never bring up the incident of the under-aged hooker again."

Brian laughs.

Sam smiles. It's good to see him recover his spirits ... slightly.

"So do I get to go home, or are the CSI still dusting the place for fingerprints and blood spatter?' Brian says.

"They've finished," Caleb says. He puts his arm around the taller man's shoulders. "Come on, let's get you home."

*

Brian's lounge is a mess. The police have left everything the way it was, and their shoes have trampled everything they can possibly trample outside the 'ring of investigation'. Sam takes in the broken glass table, the sprawled lampstand and the shredded curtains. The silk bathrobe has been appropriated by the police for evidence.

She frowns. She can't yet put her finger on it, but something about this whole scenario feels forced.

Call it a woman's intuition.

Scratch that. Call it the intuition of someone who loves Brian.

"Want us to help you clean up?" Caleb says.

"No. Leave it. I want to ... remember." Brian flattens his mouth.

"But you can't remember what happened. That's unusual in itself," Caleb argues. "When you're drunk, you pass out. But you're never drunk after just two drinks. You sure you didn't have a couple more?"

"No. I'm pretty sure." Brian scrunches his forehead. "It's just too convenient ... why can't I remember anything?"

From the look on his face, Sam can tell that they are not moving in the same thought lines. She's suspicious for different reasons. This whole scenario seems premeditated. But Brian is distracted by something else.

Something a whole lot deeper and darker.

A strange frisson slides down her spine. Oh, Brian. She hates to see him like this - all cut up and confused and damaged. He seems to have lost his trademark confidence, and that pains her more than anything. A subdued Brian is cause for alarm.

Caleb says, "I've got to go pick up my Mom from the clinic."

The Mom whose home you helped to save from being repossessed, he doesn't add, but Sam knows the whole story. It was the night she rekindled their friendship after all, only they both didn't know it yet.

"Thanks." Brian thumps his best friend on the back.

Sam watches them, a little envious. Brian and Caleb are so good together. It would be criminal of Cassie to want to destroy those years of camaraderie. Not that she could, of course. Sam suspects that if push comes to shove and Cassie made Caleb choose between her and Brian, Caleb would drop her like a hot sack of guano.

Caleb leaves, and they are all alone in Brian's apartment. Correction: not apartment, but palace. She has never really been comfortable in this place. It's too big. Too cavernous. Too modern. They have made love in it many times, but the place still spooks her a little. As if the walls had eyes.

Maybe it had been premonition.

"You want me to stay with you tonight?" she says softly.

"No. I'll be all right alone." He stares at the ruins of his lounge's seating area. She can sense he wants to desperately remember.

"But I want to stay with you," she repeats.

He looks up. His eyes are weary and turbulent. He closes them momentarily and then opens them again. Even in his state, he's beautiful. What sort of woman would claim that he would rape her? Of course, she knows that isn't intellectually the case. Beautiful, successful men are perfectly capable of raping women. But she just can't believe it of Brian.

She just can't. And won't.

She hears the sharp intake of his breath.

"Sam, you don't have to stay with me if you don't really want to," he says guardedly. "You should be ... more careful."

"You mean I should be frightened of you now that someone has accused you of raping her?"

He flinches at the word.

"Yes, maybe you should."

She can tell that his self-doubt is beginning to creep in once again.

She positions herself in front of him. "Brian, we have f**ked on that very couch. On that very carpet. Or have you forgotten? Why should I be afraid of you now?"

He turns away, his expression filled with a pain he's trying to mask. And failing miserably.

"I'm tired," he says. "I'm going to bed. Alone."

"I'm coming."

"I want to be alone, Sam."

"No, you don't."

He straightens his tall, lean body, and a fraction of the Brian Morton she knows comes back to the proud carriage of his shoulders.

"I do. I'm grateful for everything you've done, Sam, but don't test me. Not now. Not today." The determination in the line of his mouth is grim.

"I'm not leaving."

"Get out," he says with finality.

She winces. "No."

"This is my house and I'm telling you to go. So go."

He strides over to her and grabs her arm.

She shrugs off his grip, and he lets go, clenching his own fist as though he isn't sure what he will do with it. Then he takes a step back. His entire body is trembling with something he can barely contain.

He says in a low voice, "Please, Samantha, leave before I do something both of us may regret."

She wonders why she is standing her ground. Why is she so sure of him when he doesn't seem to be as certain of himself? But her heart is beating fast and ponderously against her ribs, and all that is coursing through her now is her absolute conviction in this man - the man she loves.

Oh yes.

She knows what he has done for her in regards to Henry Moody, though he would never admit it. She knows all his faults. Everything that Cassie has mentioned is true. Brian can be self-absorbed, egoistical, snarky, vainglorious, irreverent, manipulative.

But he is also generous - in a way that he doesn't want you to know he can be. And caring. And loving. And giving. And honest to the point of brutality, because he tells you what you need to hear ... not what you want to hear. And everything else that he tries to hide under that veneer of sarcasm and f**k-them-all attitude.

Brian Morton is a complex man. So complex that she knows she hasn't begun to scratch the tip of the iceberg. But she wants to. If he is willing to let her try.

And she is on to him now. She knows what he is like underneath all that barbed wire.

She says, "I know why you want me to leave. You've always been honest with me and I'll be honest with you now. After what happened, you don't quite trust yourself around me. Around anyone. You genuinely don't remember what happened, but deep down inside you, you think you're capable of doing things you have never done before. Especially during a blackout."

Brian remains silent, even though he is still a tense wire in his two day old grimy clothes.

She continues, "So I'm going to tell you what you need to hear, not what you want to hear from me, you stubborn twat."

She marvels that she can say all this with such a clear conscience.

She goes on, "I'm not afraid of you. I'm going to stay with you tonight whether you like it or not. And you're going to talk to me. Really, really talk to me, not brush me off with one of your stupid remarks. We're going to fix this together. I don't know how, but we're going to prove to everyone that you are still the person you thought you were. And I can't help you if you keep shoving me out of the door, dammit!"

She seizes his face and kisses him roughly.

She feels him pulling away, putting up his hands to stop her, to push her from him. But she resists and clings to him like a rudder in a sea of immoralities.

His muscles slacken, as though he is too fatigued to fight her anymore.

They finally come up for air. He wears a look of defeat. The Adam's apple in his throat moves like a running mouse. She has never seen Brian Morton like this before. She's frightened for him, and yet determined.

He whispers, "I'm scared."

"I know," she whispers back. She strokes his face lovingly.

15

They lie in his bed together, naked. His bedroom is masculine, done in simple tones with mood lighting from cleverly designed alcoves in the ceiling. The bed is set upon a raised platform. Everything else is designer spartan and sleek. Like him.

She is kissing him with surety. Softly. Then passionately. Voracious mouths mingling. So certain that everything will be the same as it was again. So certain he wouldn't hurt her.

Because he can hurt her. He knows that now. He's a big, strong, athletic man. He can overpower her and whatever she does to combat him will be futile.

Only he doesn't want to hurt her. He has been rough in sex before. But that was always because the woman wanted it that way. Some women desire the aggression and helpless abandon of being taken and claimed. He has read that somewhere before.

She is lying on top of him, and his erection is only semi-hard. He can't get himself in the mood tonight, no matter what she does. And she's tried plenty. She has tried playing with his ni**les - tweaking them and rubbing them in the way that she knows he likes. She has tried sucking them - five minutes on each, and then gently taking his penis into her mouth and pulling at it with all the strength she has in her cheeks.

She sucks him and sucks him, applying greater and greater pressure on his partially swollen cock. It stiffens for a while, but fails to maintain any form of harder turgidity. He breathes harshly through his mouth. His fingers dig into her hair and pulls at her tendrils, willing himself to concentrate so that he wouldn't disappoint her.

But all he can think about is Delilah. Her red, red hair. The curl of her lips.

None of it in a good way.

And the missing time that has engulfed his memory.

It's no use. He's not going to maintain any semblance of an erection. At least, not one hard enough to penetrate anything.

After a while, he gently pushes Sam away.

"I don't think I'm up for it tonight," he confesses.

"That's a first. It's usually the opposite - me having to fend you off because we have already screwed four times that day and I was sore."

He gives her a wry smile. "Am I really that bad?"

"Sometimes. For a man your age, your stamina is amazing, come to think of it."

"If you're trying to cheer me up, it's not working. I'm doomed to be morose for all eternity and be baggage to my friends." He's trying to recover his old sarcasm, but even that is deflated tonight.

She creeps up to rest her head on his chest.

"I believe you," she says.

"About being baggage?"

"No. About when you said you didn't do it."

"Guilty until proven otherwise."

"Tell me what happened."

He tells her in hesitant bits and pieces, leaving nothing out. Theirs has always been an honest, no-holds-barred relationship. If she wants details on another woman, he'd tell her. He has nothing to hide, even from her.

"And here I thought you were coming back to the Galois," she says, a little pensively. "I was hoping we'd go back to my place to screw."

He laughs. "And here I thought you had met some dishy phantom and you were screwing him in an abandoned section of the opera house."

"I don't do things like that."

"You should." He strokes her hair. "I do."

"Screw phantoms?"

He sighs. "I knew there was a comeuppance in there somewhere."

"Brian, why are you scared? You didn't do it."

"I blanked out."

"Did your blood results come back?"

"Not yet."

"If you blanked out, then you should be technically passed out. You wouldn't have been able to do anything."

"I don't know," he says guardedly. "I just don't know."

She stays silent for a long while. She strokes his chest, taking care to avoid his vicious scratch marks. She likes cuddling up to him, he knows. Staying in bed with him in the afterglow of their lovemaking. Talking to him. Skin to skin. Body warmth to body warmth.

After a spell, she says, "Why do you say that, Brian?"

He hesitates. He wonders if he should tell her. But maybe that's why it happened. Because he never told anyone. Shit happens when you keep it all quashed up inside of you like a big bug.

He swallows.

"I was afraid."

"Of what?"

"That I would just be like ... my father."

"Why do you say that?"

"Because ... " He pauses. This is so hard. So very hard. Harder than he thought it would be.

"Brian, did something ... happen to you?"

She is treading very cautiously here. She is still stroking his chest, but her gestures have slowed down, as if she's afraid to snap him out of his current pensiveness.

"When I was ten, my father came home one night. Drunk. My mother wasn't around. I was acting out again. Refusing to do something he told me to do. I don't know why I did those things then. Maybe some part of me wanted his attention, and it was the only attention I got from him those days. So he took out his belt, as he always does. He made me bend over the kitchen table and push down my pants."

Brian pauses, the familiar twitch of pain that he has tried so hard to block out returning at full force, like a thundering gale.

"He whipped me, like he always did. But that night, there was something more. Maybe he was more drunk than usual. Maybe something happened to him at the bar. Maybe he wasn't even conscious that he did it. But he took a ... a ... "

He falters, unable to continue. Sam is very still on his chest. She has stopped stroking him. Her right hand tightens around his forearm. She is willing him to continue. Or maybe not. It may be something she wants to hear ... and not hear.

He breathes. "It was a ... "

He's too ashamed. He can't go on.

"It's OK, Brian," she whispers. "You don't have to say it. D-did he rape you?"

"Not with his dick. No."

He's relieved he has gotten most of it out.

"Did you tell your Mom?"

"No. I was too embarrassed. And part of me blocked it out, so for years, I wasn't sure it really happened." He takes a deep breath. "But I made sure I grew up quickly. I ate and ate and started taking self-defense classes. I grew tall and huge, so that he would think twice about touching me again."

"Did you ever confront him about it?"

He senses the strain in her voice, the way she holds her muscles all taut on top of his body.

"Yes. I did. Ten years later, when I came home from college. It never happened again, of course."

"And?"

He can taste the bile in his throat. "He doesn't remember. He f**king doesn't remember anything. Not even the beatings. Anything. He claimed I made the whole thing up. And some part of me wondered that too ... if I'd dreamt the whole thing. If I'd hallucinated it. I was a very messed up kid."

His breath is hot within his chest.

"Now I'm afraid I'm turning into him. Maybe that blackout is the start of everything. Maybe it's all genetic. I thought I could hold my drink, and for a long time, I did. But I'm not getting younger."

"Brian." Her tone is urgent. She raises herself on her elbows to gaze into his eyes. "You are not your father. You didn't do it."

She is so beautiful with her hair mussed up like that. He wants to stroke her face, but his arm is all bunched up.

He says, "How sure are you? My father wasn't always this way. I was told ... a long time ago ... that he was a very benign man. Then he got into drink, and it all went downhill from there."

"You are not an alcoholic."

"I don't know. I don't know anything anymore."

It's true. This entire incident has jarred him. Shaken him more than he can ever imagine. Everything he thought he had known about himself has now been turned upside down and inside out. He feels as if he has been laundered.

"You did not rape that woman." Her eyes are shining with some indefinable emotion. She squeezes his forearm hard. So hard that he can feel her grip on his bone.

"They think I did."

"We'll prove them wrong."

"How? The evidence seems to allude that I did it. It doesn't look good."

"I don't know right now," she declares, "but we'll find a way."

He hugs her to his chest.

"I'm not in the right mind to think about anything," he admits.

"You're tired. Get some sleep." She kisses his chest, and then she raises herself up to kiss his mouth.

A strange sensation suffuses his chest, spreading all the way around and about in fragments. He can't describe it, but it's as if his heart has decided to melt into a puddle which is now seeping everywhere else. His gut tightens. A choke enters his throat.

He hasn't felt this way with anyone in, like ... well ... forever.

He swallows and wills it to go away.

"How did it go with Henry Moody?" he says lightly.

"I called his PA today and I have an appointment with him Friday."

"Great." He means it.

"Thanks to you."

"I didn't do anything. He just happened to be there."

"And you just happened to suddenly be partial to opera. You're such a bad liar."

"I wish I was," he says pensively, and she falls silent.

16

It is early morning. Sam knows that she has to haul her ass to the office, and she doesn't have a clean change of clothes right now in Brian's penthouse. But she's glad she stayed. He needed her, as much as he doesn't want to admit it. She hates to see him like this - a pale shell of himself.

He's sleeping in his bed. After tossing and turning half the night, he finally drifted to sleep in the wee hours of the morning. She didn't wake him when she crept out of his arms.

What he told her disturbed her more than she thought it would. Beautiful, brilliant, successful and sophisticated Brian. A sexually abused child. It didn't matter if it only happened once. Brian had been physically abused for most of his childhood. And the worst scars that he retained had not been made on his beautiful body.

Over the years, he developed a caustic veneer - icy and impenetrable. He built a barbed wire fence around his own heart. He is unable to love and unable to be loved - pushing people away before they can get too close, unless he is really comfortable with them, like with Caleb.

Only he has the last part down wrong.

She loves him. More than any man she has ever loved.

She knows that now.

She watches him sleep for a while. Even in sleep, he is not at rest. His closed eyelids flit with the sleep of dreams, though in his case, they will more likely be nightmares.

Her heart wrenches.

She pads downstairs in his bathrobe before she can become fixated on watching him.

Downstairs, she surveys the carnage. The crime scene. The police have already combed the place, photographed whatever they needed to photograph, collected whatever evidence they needed to collect. She examines the broken table, trying to envision what happened. Was there a struggle? How badly were both parties hurt? Brian has the claw marks on his chest, but what happened here had to be more than just a catfight.

She treads carefully around the broken glass. Brian has no cuts on his body other than the ones on the soles of his feet. His blood smudges portions of the carpet, but that's the only blood she can see.

She frowns. With this kind of struggle, the woman, Delilah, has to be hurt more than the police suggested. Surely the police would have picked up on that. But the police didn't care about Brian. To them, he was just some rich schmuck who deserved to be taken down a peg or two.

Brian's clothes are strewn on the floor. No doubt the police have gone through that, she notes in chagrin. She picks them up - a grey wife beater and a pair of crumpled jeans. They didn't look torn. They look as if they have been slipped off deliberately. Brian said he didn't remember taking off his clothes before he blanked out.

Sam sinks onto her haunches, trying to piece together the scene. Such a struggle. Someone had to be hurt real bad.

Maybe it was time she paid Delilah a visit.

A movement at the door arrests her. There are shadows beneath the lower edge. Several newspapers are shoved into Brian's hallway. So he has his newspapers delivered this way in the morning.

Suspicion makes her climb to her feet to pick them up.

The headlines are about the elections. But on the front page of the Tribune, a news item immediately catches her eye.

'PROMINENT BUSINESSMAN, BRIAN MORTON, BROUGHT ME TO HIS PENTHOUSE AND RAPED ME,' CLAIMS VICTIM.

In it is a stock photo of Brian, probably taken some time ago at a businessman's luncheon. He is in a business suit - well-groomed, impossibly handsome, and smiling smugly into the camera.

17

Brian walks into his office sometime around ten. He has tried to dress up as immaculately as possible. His hair is neatly combed and he is every inch the cool CEO as he strides with his briefcase into the reception area.

Everyone there immediately stops talking.

He has seen the headlines, of course. The Chicago Tribune lies face up on the receptionist's desk, every sordid detail of what Delilah Faulkner has told to the police in print.

Brian's pulse is racing, but he has made up his mind to act normal, as he would every other work day. This is his company after all, and to hell if he's going to let his employees get to him.

If they dared.

"Good morning, Mr. Morton," Alysha, the receptionist says quickly. She's flushing a little, and she looks down, as though afraid to meet his eyes.

"Morning, Alysha." He turns to the two copy editors who are openly gawking at him. "Don't you have work to do? What would it take to get the proofs for the Meatgrinder account by evening? Salary cut? Bonus suspension?"

"Uh, yes, Mr. Morton."

"Right away, Mr. Morton."

They disappear. Brian rolls his eyes, even though he knows it's no laughing matter. So it's all out in the open. Guilty before proven innocent.

Now all he has to do is wait for the fallout.

Claudia, his personal assistant, comes up to him with a sheaf of papers. She stops short.

"You OK?"

"Why wouldn't I be OK?" he says, striding into his office. "And good morning to you too."

She has to totter on her heels to keep up with him. She has been his assistant for three years, and he likes her because she has a no nonsense attitude about her. Pretty much like Sam, actually.

"Everyone's talking about it," she says.

"Fuck them. I didn't do it."

"They are crucifying you anyway. We had a couple of calls this morning from some of our largest accounts. Burnett and Co. Addison Rouge. The mayor's office." She says this last meaningfully.

Hell, he'd expected this.

She says, "They are ... concerned."

Brian nods grimly. "And the lynch mob is all lining up with their pitchforks and flaming torches. What do you think, Claudia?"

"I think that this might be a problem for some of them."

"I'm not talking about the clients."

"Right." She clutches the file, her knuckles white. "I think she's a lying, no good schemer who is trying to get something out of you, I don't know what. But I know you didn't do it. What reason would you have to?"

He will admit to being pretty cut up yesterday, but he had been mulling over the whole thing with greater clarity today. He agrees with Sam. This whole thing stinks, especially when the 'victim' is so eager to get her story out to the press. Most rape victims would rather crawl into a hole and hide. And he's not exactly some prominent celebrity she wants to tear down for kicks.

He has never even met her in his entire life.

Unless she's planning to blackmail him for his money. Or more precisely, the Morton family money. But it's already out in the open. She can't blackmail him for secrecy. Is she planning to blackmail him then to make it all go away?

But it can't go away anymore. It's too public, too huge.

He groans inwardly.

What a mess.

The alternative is too awful to contemplate - that he really did rape her in his moment of genetic madness.

"Oh, and your uncle called. He said he called your cellphone but it went straight to voicemail."

"It ran out of batteries," he says tightly.

It's true. In the mayhem, he had forgotten to charge it. But his uncle calling at a time like this can never be a good thing. Still, at least he called. That's more than Brian can say about his own parents.

Anyhow, Jefferson Morton is someone you have to absolutely phone back. He has mayors and police chiefs and politicians at his beck and call. Brian sighs as he picks up the landline. Claudia discreetly closes the door behind her.

He dials his uncle's direct line. It picks up at first ring. Figures. His uncle has caller ID.

"Brian." The voice on the other end is a whiplash. Jefferson Morton may have had colorectal cancer, but he's cured now and is as sharp as tack. In fact, he makes Hitler look reasonable. "What the hell have you done now?"

Brian's defenses immediately spring to the challenge. "Et tu, Uncle Brutus?"

"I warned you about your philandering ways, but you wouldn't listen. Now you've gotten into some hole that not even I can dig you out of."

"So you assumed I did it."

"I assumed you were not in your right presence of mind with all the alcohol and drugs you have been taking. You are honestly no better than your father."

Brian bridles. He opens his mouth to say something he can't take back, but thinks the better of it.

"Look," he says, seething, "I may not be the nephew you've always craved, but I didn't rape anyone."

"If you did, I'd be the first to hang you out to dry."

"You don't control me."

"I put you through college and gave you your start."

"I made Vanguard into what it is today, and you can't deny it."

"No, I won't, Brian. I won't deny your brilliance, your ruthlessness, your business acumen and your innovation."

"It comes with the I.Q. of 190." Brian is also aware that it comes with genetics. The brilliance might have skipped his father, but it certainly is present in his uncle and cousins.

"But you also have the emotional quotient of a petulant teenager. You are an overgrown club boy who is as irresponsible to yourself as you are to others around you. I was just waiting for a day like this when you'd drag the entire Morton name - an empire I've worked so hard to build - into the mud. Not everyone outside this family will be so forgiving of your transgressions."

"So you've decided I'm guilty."

"I've decided that your sins have come back to haunt you ... and this family. I cut your father off, but I didn't do it with you because I thought you deserved a chance. And you are trying to f**k it up every chance you get. You've gone too far this time."

"I didn't rape that woman."

"But you're not sure." His uncle's voice turns cunning. "You can't fool me. You think that you can just waltz through this life on sex and booze and drugs - "

"I only do recreational drugs, never the hard stuff, and you know that."

"Hasn't stopped you from trying them in college, until I threatened to cut you out of my will."

"You're not going to use that on me again, because it won't work. I don't care about your money."

"You certainly did care about it then. And you're going to care about it again when I take Vanguard away from you."

Brian's mouth twitches.

Ah yes, that little caveat. The one that he had to sign even before Vanguard was incepted five years ago when he was just out of college. The one that gives his uncle the absolute power as Chairman of the Morton group to take Vanguard away from its President and CEO, no matter what that President and CEO has done to grow the company by leaps and bounds.

"So why don't you?" he challenges.

"Take Vanguard away from you?"

"Yeah."

"Don't try me, Brian. I really will do it. You think that just because you delivered a third of the clients and have won a couple of Clio awards - "

"I've won exactly twelve."

" - that you are indispensable. No one is indispensable to any company. Not even you. And when you become more of a liability than an asset to us, I can just hire some hotshot from New York to take over your place."

Brian grips the receiver. He's going to say something he will regret in the heat of the moment, and now is the time to count till ten or whatever it is that stress management advocates do.

One.

Two.

Three.

He's burning here. He knows what his uncle says is true, but that doesn't make it any less difficult.

"I have a meeting," his uncle clips. "Try to stay out of trouble for the next twenty-four hours."

The line on the other end goes off.

Brian replaces the receiver onto its cradle slowly. He closes his eyes and palms his face.

A knock on his door. Claudia knows he has put the phone down. She opens the door and peeks in when he doesn't say 'Enter'.

"The mayor's office is on the line. They are spooked. They want to pull out of doing business with Vanguard."

Brian sighs again.

The morning panic has just begun.

18

"And that's all you have to go by?" says the private investigator. He is a tall, elegant man with grey eyes and a prominent nose.

Funny, Sam had expected a Philip Marlowe type, but this man looks like he has stepped out from the cover of a GQ magazine for the middle-aged. Still, from his credentials, he is apparently an ex-CIA agent.

"Yes."

"How soon do you need the information?"

"As soon as possible."

The court case would not be so soon, but Sam reckons Brian can do with the break. She is supposed to meet him for drinks anyway, but he called to say he would be late.

"The rats are leaving the ship, and the captain is about to be thrown to the sharks," he says ruefully.

"Hang on in there. Things will get better."

"They can't get much worse, or I might as well tie a noose around my neck and spare them the cost of a public hanging." He sounds so tired over the phone that a pang fleets into her chest. "You wouldn't believe how many reporters have tried to get through Claudia today. If I didn't know better, I'd think I'm morphing into Kim Kardashian."

"That bad, huh?"

"I can see them lining up on the streets outside my window. They're waiting for me to come out. I'll give them the slip by wearing a wig and fat suit."

"There's always the back door."

"Nope. Last time I checked, they're camped out there too."

She has decided not to tell him about the PI. He would just stop her, or at least complicate matters.

"Need some company tonight?" she asks.

"I'd probably come home at midnight and tumble straight into bed. So unless you want a snoring sack for a bed partner, you'd probably get more sleep at home."

He doesn't snore and she loves watching him sleep because he looks so beautiful and peaceful. But of course she's not going to tell him that.

Instead, she says, "OK, I'll see you next time then. Any other updates?"

"Yeah. My blood test results came back. A copy is with the police."

"What did they say?"

"No traces of any drugs. Blood alcohol within the limits, so I can't even claim drunken manslaughter."

"You didn't kill anyone."

"The way everyone is treating me ... like I'm dog turd scraped off a shoe, you'd think I did."

"So everything is normal."

"Nothing is normal."

"I mean your blood test."

"My serum Creatinine is high, although everything else within my kidney profile is apparently normal, according to the hospital. So is my potassium, but that could be an artifact, so they say. It apparently comes from eating too many bananas."

"Do you eat bananas?"

"I can think of a whole lot of things to do with bananas."

She laughs. "But seriously ... are your blood results really OK?"

"They couldn't find anything wrong with me physically during my checkup."

She tries to make her tone light, even though she's worried as hell about him. "There's nothing wrong with you physically."

"Yeah, before you pass judgment, check back with me tomorrow night and we'll see if I can get the little pecker up."

"Last I remembered, it wasn't that little."

She can visualize him smiling over the other side. "If all else fails, there's always Viagra."

"You and Viagra in the same sentence? That'll be the day."

They ring off. He's still not at his usual brash peak, she notes, but at least he is attempting humor. That's a good sign. But the fact that his clients are leaving him in droves when he hasn't even been convicted is a worrying development.

She slips her cellphone back into her purse and peruses the crowded rush hour sidewalk. Then her shoulders slump when she remembers her own predicament.

*

It's Friday when Sam receives a call from the PI.

"Can you meet me over lunch?" he says.

She has an appointment with Henry Moody today. "Uh, I can't over lunch. But after work? Say ... around seven?"

"OK. Bring a check."

There's barely going to be anything left in her savings when she has finished paying him, but if she can land Moody and keep her job, then it would be so worth it. Besides, it's Brian's life at stake. Nothing can be worth more than that.

Outside her office, Kathy Angleston passes by in her impossibly high heels. She's in all red today, and the look on her face is like that of a cat which has licked the cream off every other cat's saucer.

She pokes her head in.

"Heard you got a Henry Moody appointment today," she says slyly.

Sam seethes. "Who told you that?"

"A little birdie."

"I suppose you're going to say you have an appointment with him too." Typical Kathy Angleston, Sam thinks.

"Oh, wouldn't you like to know?" Kathy winks and sashays away.

Damn.

Now Kathy has her wondering what the hell she's up to.

*

Three hours later, Sam comes out triumphantly from Moody Enterprises, clutching the precious contract from Henry Moody. She returns to Sapphire and marches into Rutgard's office.

"There," she says with a flourish, laying the contract on his table. "I should be getting a raise for this."

He swivels on his chair to eye her. "For doing your job? I think not. I've already decided on the job anyway. Kathy Angleston is more suited for it than you are, and I've made up my mind to keep her."

Sam is dumbstruck.

"Wh-what?" she splutters.

Rutgard takes the contract. "I'll be keeping this, thank you very much."

"But I got the contract, just like you said. I'm the first one to land a minimum commitment of a hundred thousand dollars."

"Yes, but Kathy brought it other accounts to the cumulative sum of two hundred thousand dollars."

"Bullshit! This is not about the other accounts. This is specifically about Moody! You can't change the goalposts midway into the match. It isn't fair!" A thought strikes Sam. "Oh God, what did Kathy give you? A blowjob right here in this office? You f**ked her, didn't you?"

"That's beside the point."

"God!" Sam is so mad right now that she has to use every ounce of her strength to keep herself from hurling at Rutgard to attempt aggravated assault.

"It's just business."

"Business has nothing to do with it!"

"You've got three days to clear your stuff out. It's a retrenchment package, Samantha, not the end of the world."

Sam storms out of Rutgard's office. Her vision blurs. I'm not going to cry in front of that bastard, she promises herself. But oh, oh, oh, it's so unfair. But whoever said life was fair? They certainly weren't fair to Brian, and he's a golden boy - handsome, unattainable, rich and successful. What more would the fates have in store for the likes of her, Average Jane?

A text message alights upon her phone with the sound of a falling drop of water. She looks at the display. It's the PI, reminding her of their rendezvous.

Now how the hell is she going to pay for that and her apartment too?

19

The elevator doors slide open. Brian feels like a condemned man as he steps out onto the familiar corridor. Up here in the top floor of the skyscraper, there is barely a soul walking around. The walls are brocade, and bronzed Buddhas from Indonesia grace pedestals of varying heights.

His uncle is an antique collector. Personally, Brian can never stomach antiques.

Jefferson Morton's office is behind two paneled oak doors. Hubert, his bespectacled British PA, sits behind a desk. He looks up as Brian approaches.

"Brian," he says appreciatively. Hubert is g*y and he always had an eye for pretty men. Having a g*y PA is just one of Jefferson's attempts to promote corporate diversity.

"Hubert."

Brian is always polite to Hubert, though the man's penetrating gaze disarms him. Hubert always undresses him mentally - running his eyes up and down Brian's tall frame. Not that Brian is a homophobe. Far from it - but such frank sexual interest from another man is always a little disconcerting.

"Your uncle is expecting you."

"That's what the phone call is to prime him for."

"Step right in."

Brian pushes the doors open. His uncle's office is designed to wow, to intimidate. Brian has never been easily intimidated. But today is different. Today is ... well, today going to be humbling.

Jefferson Morton is a huge man. His size has not been diminished by his fight against cancer. Now fully cured, he is larger than before. His shock of black hair - dyed - belies his true age. As the eldest son and patriarch of the family, he is almost seventy. He has single-handedly launched the Morton family into prominence, bringing them all up from the lower middle class immigrants they once were to become one of the wealthiest families in Chicago. The fact that most of his siblings and the children of his siblings are disappointing does not prohibit him from helping them.

To an extent.

He does not seem to want to forget his considerable family, however. The office is decorated with photos. Brian's gaze slides over a medium-sized photo on a shelf behind his uncle's chair. His father and mother pose with him as a five-year-old child in a studio shot. They appear happy. But of course, that was before his father started drinking and gambling heavily.

Jefferson's eyes are a vivid blue. "Sit down, Brian."

Brian pulls a chair and sits.

"And what do I owe this unexpected visit?" his uncle says.

Brian slides a document over his uncle's handsome oak table, as wide as any found in a boardroom.

He pulls in a deep breath.

"I've come to put in my resignation as President and CEO of Vanguard."

His uncle's gaze does not waver. "I was expecting it. You saved me the trouble of asking you to step down."

Brian shrugs. "Our clients were threatening to leave. The publicity is proving too hot for them to handle. I had no choice. It was the right thing to do."

Especially for a company he has helped build from scratch. He loves it too much to allow the hemorrhage. Especially one caused by him. So he has to amputate himself from the body before he can cause it irreparable harm.

Vanguard is still his. But he would no longer pilot it - steer its daily planning and cycle. He would no longer come to his own office every day and hold strategic brainstorming meetings. Advertising is his pulse and lifeblood, and now he has to step away from doing what he loves best.

It hurts.

It hurts so much that it is a physical ache in his chest. But he would never tell his uncle this, of course.

"Yes, it is the right thing to do. I'm glad you came to the same conclusion, Brian. I was afraid that your youth and pride prohibited you from thinking straight. You were always brilliant. But you've lacked the discipline required in true leadership. When I gave you the reins of Vanguard, I've always been certain that you would muck it up somehow with your constant carousing."

"What I do outside of Vanguard is none of anyone's business."

"Unless the two worlds merge."

Brian knows it's true. He doesn't say anything.

Now there's that little thing about money. No one is going to hire him right away. At least, not unless this thing is cleared up. If it ever clears up. Otherwise, he is looking at a prison sentence. His money is almost entirely tied up in company stocks and in trust. Money he can't touch easily.

Whatever he has earned from Vanguard, he has plowed back into the business. And in decorating his penthouse with expensive Italian furniture. And in buying the entire Armani spring collection. He has expensive tastes and he looks the part, dresses the part.

Now he's sorry he hasn't tried to save more of it. But he never reckoned on being poor. Not even for a day. He's not exactly poor now either. Just downgraded.

"What are you going to do now?" his uncle asks.

"I don't know. Clear my name. And then I'll think of something."

He does not ask for money or even any help, and his uncle does not offer. Brian wasn't expecting him to. He knows this is something he has to go through alone to prove something to himself. And to his uncle.

His uncle nods. There's a glimmer of respect in his eyes. Respect Brian doesn't often see.

"Good luck in clearing your name, Brian. It's going to be an uphill task, from what I read about your case."

"I know."

His uncle stands up and proffers his hand for Brian to shake. Brian takes it.

When he steps out of his uncle's office, he feels as if a load has been taken off his shoulders.

20

"Interesting," Sam says as she peruses the documents the private investigator has given her. "So her real name is Adele Jankovic. Why did she change it?"

"No reason stated."

"She changed it last year, along with her apartment, her job." Her life, Sam thinks.

"She even had a visit to a plastic surgeon around that time."

"Really?" Sam's mind is running wild. "To change her face?"

"Boob and nose job."

"Oh wow." Sam can never understand people who do that. Sure, she's as insecure about her ability to attract men as the next woman (though her insecurities have gotten a lot less since she started sleeping with Brian). "Why do you think?"

"I'm only able to produce hard facts, Ms. Fox, not the reasons behind it, unless she has visited a therapist."

"Has she?"

"Not yet."

"Interesting." Sam flips to the next page. "She works for an upstart pharmaceutical company which specializes in new, cutting-edge technology."

The PI stabs his thumb on a dossier. "I thought you would find this interesting."

Sam takes it. The file is on an experimental drug called CKZ2486 which is hailed as the new Ambien. She reads quickly and arrives at what the PI has circled in red ink: OVERDOSE MAY CAUSE SERUM SODIUM AND POTASSIUM ABNORMALITIES, AS WELL AS ELEVATED BLOOD UREA AND SERUM CREATININE.

*

Sam stares at the walls of her new apartment. She hasn't even fully unpacked yet. There are not yet any pictures on the walls of her lounge, which is half the size of Brian's bedroom. The lovely new white sofa is a vision amongst the red-and-white striped armchairs.

Unless she gets a new job at the same salary, she's going to have to give all this up after her retrenchment package runs out.

Her computer is alight in front of her, her browser latched to Jobstreet.com. Why isn't anyone hiring these days? But of course, the economy hasn't recovered, and people are firing instead of the other way around. She can try suing Rutgard for falsely leading her on, but she doubts the courts are going to award anything in her favor.

Besides, she can't afford to hire a lawyer.

The doorbell rings. It's about the time. She called for pizza delivery an hour ago.

"Come in," she calls. "And I hope you remembered the olives this time."

The door whines open. "I hope you like olives with wonton."

"Brian!"

She can't help smiling as he strides in, his arms full. He juggles her pizza with several takeaway bags littered with Chinese characters. He puts them down on her coffee table.

"I thought we'd celebrate being unemployed," he announces. He's dressed in a white T-shirt and a pair of ragged jeans.

"That's a cause for celebration," she remarks.

"What's not to celebrate? Waking up at noon to birdsong and sunshine. A leisurely hour sipping coffee at a sidewalk cafe, watching all the poor schmucks spilling their lattes as they rush down South Michigan Avenue to get back to their respective ball and chains."

He plunks himself down on the sofa and puts his legs up. He's attempting a grin, but underneath it all, she knows he is hurting as much as she is.

She seizes a carton and holds a pair of chopsticks up to him. "So here we are, celebrating our first day of freedom."

Only it feels so empty.

He takes the carton and chopsticks from her. "I'm going to try tweezing a pizza with these. I'm going to have all the time in the world to learn new tricks." He glimpses her computer screen. "Sending out resumes?"

"Yeah." She sighs. "Only there are probably a thousand applicants for each one."

"Maybe now is the time to follow that dream." He waves a prawn ball with his chopsticks. She notes that he wields them like a pro. Probably spends his entire life eating take-out dinners.

"What dream?"

"The gym dream."

"Brian, I don't even have the money to keep this apartment, let alone start a gym."

"I'll give you the money." He observes her face. "OK, I'll lend you the money as a partner. It will be our gym. You can run it, since I know f**k all about running gyms, and I can do the marketing and advertising."

She stares at him as if he has suddenly grown a third eye. "Are you serious?"

"If I were any more serious, I'd be dead."

"I thought you were unemployed."

"Doesn't mean I've lost all my money overnight. I'll still get profits from Vanguard, provided it hasn't fallen into the red by my very public misdemeanors. I'll have more than enough to pump something into our gym, pardon the pun."

He sounds so earnest that she wants to believe him.

"Wow," she says, "you really are serious about this."

"Want to nail my coffin shut?"

She's not going to tell him about Adele Jankovic. At least, not until she has time to check it out.

She's not going to tell him how much she loves him either.

*

When they have finished dinner, they fall into bed. Her bed.

He tears off his T-shirt and whispers, "I'm going to make it up to you for the other night."

She lies there, never taking her eyes off him. How can she? He's so beautiful, with his large eyes lighted up like that, and his sleek, well-toned body gleaming in her lamplight.

He climbs on top of her. She's fully dressed, but not for long. He begins to teasingly grope her br**sts beneath her top until her ni**les are all perky and flushed. Then he bends his head down to kiss her.

And oh, what a kiss. Compared to the other night, he seems to have shed most of his burdens. His lips are hungry, ravenous, imbued with a need she hasn't felt from him in a long time. He scrunches her T-shirt as his mouth devours hers, and after a while - with the hardening apparent between his legs - he seizes its hem and rips it over her tousled head.

They shack their clothes systematically. His jeans drop to the floor beside hers. Underwear off, followed by her pretty red bra. When they are both naked, he clasps her hand and guides it to his erection - now magnificent and as solid as his determination.

"Feel it," he says.

Her hand grabs the thick shaft of his penis and lovingly runs back and forth. She massages his glistening knob, feeling it grow harder - if possible - under her expert rub.

"Oh wow, baby's back," she breathes.

"For many more sequels ... in the same night."

He tongues her neck, her chin, the depression between her collar bones. She shivers in anticipation, her entire body quivering and primed to his delicate touch. He moves his tongue in a line between her br**sts, and buries his face there, licking and tasting her. His fingers flip her ni**les back and forth. Then his mouth closes on her right nipple, and he begins an intense sucking that makes her toes curl.

She claws his hair - his wonderfully thick dark hair, which is highlighted with golden. Her pu**y clenches with need. It has been such an awful week, and they haven't f**ked since the ice-cream parlor incident. She realizes how much she wants him. She needs him inside her - so much it's actually a physical craving. A dependency.

That's dangerous. She's scared.

You can't get too close to a man like this.

Still, their bodies are close as close can be defined. He rolls off her and reaches for his jeans to take out a condom. He tears the foil with his teeth and hands it to her.

"Go on," he says softly, "put it on me."

She takes it. His body is poised above hers and his c**k is ramrod straight. She gingerly slides the moist rubber over his crown.

Now ready, he parts her thighs.

"How would you like it tonight? Slow ... or ... ?"

He lets it trail. His eyes hold an emotion she has rarely seen since this whole episode began - uncertainty. Her stomach writhes. But he has done nothing wrong. She knows this now. Something about the whole Adele Jankovic business raises her hackles, and she's going to get to the bottom of it. For his sake and hers.

Because she loves him.

She says, "I want it rough tonight, Brian. Fuck me ... hard."

"Are you sure?"

She strokes his cheek. "Yes."

She senses he needs to overcome a hurdle in his own mind. A validation of sorts that he hasn't turned into a monster overnight.

"You're beautiful," she says to him, and her emotion is heartfelt. "You will always be beautiful."

He smiles tenderly at her. "You're beautiful too."

He raises his hips to straddle hers. He penetrates her slowly at first, taking his time to fill her snug, warm tube. She pushes her head back into the pillow - ohhhhhh. How she loves the silky feel of his sheathed rod against her moist walls. Her creams are flowing copiously now, lubricating him. He pushes himself into her until he can go no more - the way she likes it. His body is warm against hers. They are chest to chest, belly to belly.

He lowers his mouth to hers again and kisses her passionately as he starts to move his hips. His thrusts are gentle at first, and then he grows bolder, more confident - because she responds so wonderfully to him by moaning against his mouth and arching her back.

She lifts her hips up to meet his. His movements escalate. He kisses her periodically. Deep, searching, wet, open-mouthed kisses that send a thrilling heat into the base of her skull. The pleasure of his strokes stimulates her every fiber down there - her every recess, her every fold. She can drown in the ecstasy of it all, especially in the sweetness and glory and warmth of his mouth.

No.

She doesn't believe for one second that this man could ever rape another person.

Her oral encouragement spurs him on, and soon, he is humping and pounding her with as much confidence and tenacity as before. His breathing grows labored, and he grunts with each thrust. Through her own moans, she watches his face - his closed eyes, his raptured expression. He is seemingly transported to another place ... and that place is inside her.

Her climax builds despite her attempts to stave it off - so that she can watch him for a while longer. But the friction of his c**k against her G-spot becomes erotically unbearable. His kisses become similarly overheated. Her muscles clench and her vagina closes around his organ like a fist. And she comes - explosively, mind-blowingly, satisfyingly - and screams out his name against the roaring of blood within her ears.

He allows himself to come too. His sweat-beaded body rolls off hers. He pants, his glistening chest rising and falling. He reaches down to peel off his cum-filled condom.

They lie in each other's arms that night, thinking their disparate thoughts as their respective troubles returns after the pleasurable but brief respite.

"What's going to happen to us, Brian?" she asks sadly.

He kisses the top of her head. "We'll take it one step at a time."

21

"So how much do you think I can get for it?" Brian asks.

The realtor - a short middle-aged man in a business suit - scans the lounge of Brian's penthouse, now nicely put back in place. The glass fragments have been cleaned up and thrown away. The lampstand and table have been replaced. The curtain has been neatly hung.

"I'll be honest with you, Mr. Morton. The market is soft right now. Once folks find out who you are, they're going to try to take advantage of your current situation."

"I know. But I'll have to ultimately sell anyway."

Brian has made an inventory of things that have to go, including his expensive Italian furniture, his modern art and his collections of rare magazines, rare pens, and Jaegar LeCoultre Reverso watches. He figures he might be able to actually get a profit out of them.

Then there's always that pair of diamond earrings he had bought for Sam, tucked away in its little velvet box snugly in his safe.

No. He doesn't want to sell those.

He knows he hasn't been exactly honest with Sam. He didn't exactly have the money to fund her new gym. The amount required is considerable. There is space to rent. Equipment to buy. Lots of fixtures to put in. He would have to liquidate something to generate the cash flow.

The only asset he has is his apartment.

But he would have to downgrade anyway to reflect his current status. The party is over - at least for now.

"All right then. I'll float it out. See what we can get," says the realtor.

"Oh yeah, and see if you can get me a service apartment ... to rent. Not a penthouse."

"Price range?"

Brian sighs inwardly. He raises his eyes to the ceiling. "About a quarter of what this place would cost."

Already, he is experiencing possession withdrawal. It leaves a draining, hollow feeling like no other.

He is lightheaded and he would soon have to lie down.

But it's for a good cause, he assures himself. He'd be damned if he's going to sit by and let Sam lose everything she has worked for.

He would have done the same for Caleb.

He finds it amusing that he now considers a woman - who also happens to be a f**k buddy, someone he is hanging out with - to be one of his closest friends. One that he would absolutely, unfailingly do anything for.

22

The manicure parlor is bright, cheery, filled with as many colors as OPI would allow. Sam purposefully makes her way to an empty armchair beside the pretty redheaded woman who is flipping the pages of a magazine while a Vietnamese man applies meticulous paint strokes onto her toenails.

Sam flops into the chair. She makes a big to do about removing her shoes.

"Oh my God, I love your color," she says to the woman. "What is it?"

The woman looks up. Her eyes are a dark grey, Sam notices. The hues of contact lenses. They contrast sharply with her red hair. Her nose is extremely slim. Almost perfect, like that of a movie star's. And her br**sts. Oh yeah, people are bound to notice those protuberant tits.

The woman hesitates, as though she is wary of talking to strangers.

"Oh sorry, don't mind me. I'm Samantha." Sam holds her hand out. "And as you can see, my nails are in severe need of TLC."

After a moment, the woman takes her hand. "I'm Delilah."

"And the color is 'A Good Mandarin is hard to find'," offers the manicurist. He picks up the lacquer bottle from the floor and hands it to Sam. "Want to try it?"

"I should." Sam flashes Delilah a brilliant smile as her plan kicks into gear. She hates doing this, but she has no choice. Brian's innocence is paramount. "So Delilah, do you come here often?"

