1

****

There was a woman in my bed, who wasn't bound or splayed out for my pleasure. Begging for more with her eyes; with her dripping wet sex, because a ball gag muted her words. There was a woman in my bed, and she wasn't my submissive...but I felt the Dom in me stirring regardless. Wanting to simultaneously protect and nurture-and bring her to the brink of pain and pleasure.

Melissa Foster was in my bed, and even though she wasn't mine, in the way I required every woman before to be, she still made my heart skip a beat as I watched her sleep. My heart stammered in my chest. I could get used to this.

I tore my eyes away, fighting to shut down that train of thought. It was a struggle to ignore the matter at hand. I didn't sleep with vanilla women. And I didn't let any woman, regardless of her level of kink, sleep over.

Maybe you were waiting for the right woman.

I should have leapt from the bed, tossing aside that ludicrous statement, along with the covers and the invading emotions Melissa invoked, but every breath she took stirred the cold blooded thing in my chest. The heart I pretended was closed off. The fact was I did feel, but life taught me what a mistake love could be. A mistake that once cost me dearly.

I folded my arms beneath my head, watching the fan above me spin idly. I needed to rationalize this. Get my head on straight.

I hadn't violated all of my rules. She was too stubborn to admit it, but Melissa was far from vanilla. I knew it the moment I turned and met her gaze when I caught her peeping. Eyes so blue. The color of the oce-

I rolled my eyes. This wasn't a romance novel. Her eyes weren't the color of the ocean. Her eyes were just blue. Normal and blue. But the truth was her eyes slayed me, waves of blue that held the most beautiful conflict I'd ever seen in my life. Eyes I'd felt on me, watching and wanting a few days ago. Eyes that licked every inch of my erect cock, but still held back-and in the moments after she realized I'd seen her moment of erotic vulnerability, held such disdain and outright defiance.

My lips tilted into a smirk, remembering how I'd struggled to not pull her into my arms, take her then and there. For the briefest moment when she sized me up, an irrational streak of jealousy had cut through me. I wondered if her brusqueness was because she was claimed by another. But that fight was just Melissa. The sexy little blonde didn't mince her words, and it made me hot with need.

She had to be mine.

My smile faltered. And she had been mine. Hours ago, she'd opened up for me like some beautiful flower, stretching its petals towards the scorching sun. I never knew that sex without the D/s element could be so fulfilling.

But if I was fulfilled, why hadn't I pushed her away and out the door like the others?

I eased back towards her, my eyes washing over her face. So serene and calm. Skin glowing in the soft darkness, pretty features infinitely more so, from the slope of her nose and high cheekbones to the curve of her full lips. Lush, pink lips-slightly parted, like she was about to ask me to kiss her.

My chest tightened apprehensively. I didn't rush her out because I wanted her to stay. I wanted to wake up next to her.

"Fuck," I whispered. The gravity of it nailed me to the ground. Getting tangled up in some woman, no matter how beautiful and beguiling, was the worst possible thing I could do at the moment. With all the bad press Mason Enterprises had been hit with after the last company liquidation, my business, along with worried board members, needed to be my top priority. And then there was all the drama with Deli-

My thoughts froze as Melissa stirred, luring me back to her-just in time to see her bite her lip. It was a tiny, unconsciously sexy action, but it made me forget everything except the way she'd smiled while I buried myself in her. The sounds she made when I sunk into her warmth. The excitement that flickered in her eyes when I told her to flip over so I could take her from behind.

Lust consumed me. She'd obeyed the command without hesitation. Giving in. Her surrender made her pu**y that much sweeter. My eyes skated down, rounding the curve of her pert little br**sts, caressing her smooth stomach, and lingering on her sex. It was partially covered by the sheet, golden curls highlighting the way back to her. Back to the warmth that made my c**k so hard that rational thought and the rules that dictated my no-strings-attached sex life became irrelevant.

I had to have her.

I had to taste her.

Almost as if I'd said the words aloud, she stirred again, the sheets falling away. Her gentle snore got caught on a moan and the sound went straight to my cock. From the way she writhed, opening her thighs and licking her lips, she was having quite the dream.

I smiled, positioning myself at the end of the bed. I would show her that reality had her wet dreams beat.

I rained kisses up and down her calf, my lips skimming her skin. She was waking up, a yawn and sniffle giving her away.

"Kisses?" Her voice was thick with sleep. "You sure know how to wake a girl up."

I gripped her knees and yanked her thighs open. Her gasp was shocked-and aroused.

"Are you-"

"Oh yes," I answered in between kisses, her muscles responding to me. Tightening as she arched her body toward me.

Even though her body betrayed her, she still goaded me. "And what if morning oral wasn't my th-" Her final word was clipped as my tongue drew closer to her inner thigh. To her core. "W-what would you have done?"

She clearly wanted to feed me her pu**y, vaulting herself closer to my lips, but I restrained myself. She wasn't the first submissive who tried that game, tempting me to give in.

I smirked. She wanted to talk? We could talk. I'd make her squirm, hanging on every word so the second my tongue touched her, she melted.

"What do you think?"

She propped herself on her elbows, eyeing me with a mix of surprise and impatience. "I think you'd do it any way. Because you're the man, and I'm the woman and all that caveman BDSM stuff."

I didn't take the bait, instead, leaning closer until my lips lingered deliciously close to her slit. "I'd do it, because I know what you need."

She was panting, her juices a fragrant tease of how amazing she'd taste. "And what's that? W-what do I need?"

"You need a man to take charge. To take what he wants."

She was trembling. I was planning on waiting until she squirmed, but my self restraint abandoned me when she whispered my name.

"Logan."

I spread her open with my fingers and my tongue dipped into her. Her juices were like honey, matching the melody of moans that flowed from her lips. They changed pitch when I lingered on her clit, tongue swirling furiously around the swollen nub.

Every sound she made echoed through my body. The blood in my veins was replaced by white hot desire, fueling me with one sole purpose: giving her pleasure. I should have rose up and put the solid, rock hard bulge that impaled the mattress where it belonged; where my mouth was currently exploring. I longed to replace the tongue that pumped in and out as she shuddered, overloaded with pleasure. It was my routine, bringing my woman to the edge, then slamming my c**k inside her. Then when she was writhing and wild, I allowed my sub to come.

But not Melissa. I wanted her to come. I wanted to taste her release.

My tongue left no part of her quivering warmth untouched, my fingers pumping in and out at a fevered rhythm. My c**k raged, wanting, needing to be inside her. Control slipped away as Melissa swirled her hips. It was a brazen, decidedly un-submissive move, yet I growled with approval, replacing my fingers with my tongue.

I devoured her essence, lost in her erotic musks. And her moans...fuck, what was this woman doing to me? The lines that structured my sexual life blurred. This was the first time that my need to come was second to my lovers. I wanted her cream in my mouth, her ultimate satisfaction screeching from her lungs.

Her fingers gripped the sides of my head and I knew she was close. She shook wildly and my name shot from her lips as her body went wild. I'd heard orchestras from the West Coast to Australia, playing the most beautiful music ever created, but none of it was as sweet as Melissa's moans as she came.

I was drunk off her. Lost in her.

And it was f**king terrifying.

I pulled back, rising to my feet. I avoided the lusty look on her face. Desire was etched on her features, confirming a truth I couldn't fight. She was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen.

"Wow." Her voice still gravelly with sleep. Or likely raw from the extensive moaning.

"If that's what waking up with Logan Mason is like, all I can say is, where have you been all my life?"

I knew it was meant to be a joke, but there was nothing amusing about the way I faded into her. I was a Dom, damn it. I held the reins, not my submissive. And whether she wanted to admit it or not, she was my submissive.

I wiped her juices from my lips, fighting the urge to lick my fingers. "Feel free to help yourself to anything. Mi casa es su casa."

"And what if I want you?" she purred.

Oh hell, she was biting her lip, her big blue eyes hot with desire.

I'd already let her in, closer than anyone had been in a long time. The walls I built around myself weren't there for decoration. They weren't mere checkboxes for some stock caricature of a brooding billionaire. I kept my lovers at a distance for good reason.

So even though I wanted nothing more than to f**k her brains out, to forget about everything except Melissa Foster, I posed a proposition that I knew she'd decline.

"Are you ready to submit?"

Her face fell, her eyes dimming with reluctance.

"That's what I thought," I said icily.

"Logan-"

"I've got a few calls to make." I interrupted dismissively. "I'll use the guest bathroom downstairs. You can use mine. There should be some shower gel and shampoo in the bottom drawer. Something sweet and female approved. There's also a couple of dresses in the closet that should fit you quite nicely."

Why the hell would you go there, ass**le? Rub her nose in the fact that she's not the first?

From the way Melissa's eyebrows jumped and her lips thinned, she didn't appreciate being reminded that other women had been in my bed. In my shower.

I should have told her that she wasn't like the rest. That she was special. Instead, I left the room without another word.

2

****

With Melissa's taste on my lips and her hooded eyes tattooed on my mind, focusing on work was virtually impossible. When my cell lit up with the number of the last person in the universe that I wanted to speak to, I decided to bite the bullet. I owed Melissa an apology, an explanation for why I'd given her the brush off. Since I wasn't the kind of man that gave apologies or explained myself to anyone, the walk up the stairs seemed to stretch on for an eternity.

I'd been armed with a joke, but the look on her face told me she was more apt to rip my head off than chuckle. Her crystal blue eyes were as frigid as ice as she glared me into submission. She didn't even need words. That look said, 'speak now, or get the hell out of my face'.

I was at the head of a multi-billion dollar company. At any given moment, I had the fate of thousands of employees in the palm of my hand. But a genuine spark of fear tightened my chest.

The effect Melissa had confounded me. Never before had I cared if the submissive in my bed felt slighted when the lust was satisfied. I paid no mind to her feelings when I abruptly reminded her that our arrangement was only a sexual one.

Melissa's eyes flayed me alive. She wouldn't let me put the wall back up and dismiss her like the others. The fire in her spoke to the flames inside of me.

I swallowed the knot in my throat. I knew I'd come back upstairs for a reason, but she rendered me speechless.

She stood up, perching a hand on her hip. My eyes flickered over the fact that she disobeyed me, passing on the clothes I'd offered her. She redressed herself in her leggings and t-shirt from the night before.

If I couldn't get her to obey a simple command, I was in for a grueling training session once she surrendered to her submissive nature.

"Where's the dress?" I asked. My voice was low. The Dom in me turned the three words into something dangerous.

Her eyes widened, then narrowed to insolent slits. "You mean the skanky little sundress to go with the Logan Mason approved toiletries?" She snorted. "Thanks, but I can dress and bathe myself just fine."

Oh, she was a stubborn one. The fight in her made my c**k harden to steel. It wanted her smart little mouth wrapped around its thick shaft. Desire rumbled through me, taking over, and I struggled to reclaim control. Last night I broke the rule. The next time I had her, she would be mine.

My submissive.

I saw the challenge in her, a challenge I was dying to accept, but I kept my distance.

My lips curled into a smile. "Are you hungry?"

She frowned, her beautiful features registering surprise. I longed to see the thoughts and images flashing through her mind. Was she expecting me to demand that she turn that hot little ass toward me so I could spank her for forgetting her place? Did the thought make her wet?

She gulped hard, her cheeks flushing pink. "I-I could eat."

I knew I was playing with fire, and if I got any harder my c**k would rip through my jeans, but I took a step toward her. She was still as a statue, but her eyes shifted to my groin, stroking the length of my erection. When her eyes returned to mine, they said the words she refused to utter.

Fuck me.

And I would.

But not until she begged for it.

I maneuvered around her and retrieved my money clip from the top of the dresser, tucking it in my pocket. Not touching her, taking her; it wasn't easy for me either. Just f**k her senseless, get it out if your system. Get her out of your system.

But that rationale was pointless. I had her. I'd sheathed my c**k deep inside her, tasted her, made her scream my name. I didn't want her out of my system. I wanted more. All of her. Whether my pride wanted to admit if or not, Melissa Foster was under my skin. Why else were we climbing into my Range Rover, pointed toward Capitola Beach?

I'd come to Pleasure Point to get away and focus before the shareholders meeting back in San Francisco. Instead of learning our latest acquisition inside and out, I was paying more attention to my passenger than the road, wondering what made her tick.

The wind gusted through the car, sending her blonde strands flying-and the sweet, citrus aroma of the shampoo she claimed she didn't use filled my nostrils.

I inhaled deep, unable to resist taunting her a little. "You smell delicious."

"A familiar scent for you, huh?" she snapped. "Since you make all the women you bring to your bed use it?"

She was baiting me, but I didn't bite. I winked at her. "Only the important ones."

I expected an eye roll, but she gave me a look full of derision. "You think it's funny to use women and throw them away for the next one that comes along?"

I tightened my hold on the steering wheel. "I don't promise anyone a happily ever after. I just promise an escape. A night of good, hot fun-"

She gestured out the window. "Sun's out. I guess I'm the lucky girl that gets mind-blowing sex and lunch. I'm supposed to be grateful, right? Happy that I'm not disposable?"

I cocked my head in her direction, expecting to see her glaring back at me defiantly. Instead, she shied from my gaze. Suddenly, she was taken with the scenery. It was understandable-the sun turned everything golden and warm. There was nothing quite as beautiful as Capitola in the spring, but I could tell by her tone that she wasn't sightseeing. There was an undercurrent of something else in her voice. When I heard a sniffle, I swerved, forgetting I was behind the wheel; forgetting everything except Melissa. When she whipped her head to gawk at me and I saw a tear glistening on her cheek, I swerved to the shoulder of the road and jerked the car into park.

"What the hell, Logan?" she hissed.

What the hell indeed. I white-knuckled the steering wheel, anger pumping through me like acid. She hadn't said a word to support my theory, but something inside me told me some ass**le had hurt her. I didn't know the specifics. The specifics were irrelevant. I just wanted to take out whoever had caused the pain that streamed from her eyes. "What happened?"

Her eyebrows lifted. "What?"

"Who hurt you?"

A smile teased her lips as she eyeballed me, the tears a faint memory. "What is this? You coming to my rescue?"

Her words cut through the fog of testosterone and I shrugged a shoulder, readjusting my shades. "Just curious."

"Uh huh." Her smile faded. "Why do you care? I'm sure the women you sleep with then discard don't walk away unscathed."

Almost on cue, my phone flashed with a text notification. I knew exactly who it was. One such woman that Melissa referenced. It was safer to keep my shades on, to keep some barrier between us, but I pulled them off anyway. I needed Melissa to see I was real, and nothing like the man that brought tears to her eyes.

"Perhaps, but I'm always upfront with the women I sleep with. Sex is just that-sex." I brought a hand to her cheek, my thumb stroking her gently. "I think the man behind those tears made promises that he broke."

Her crystal blue eyes were liquid as she tightened her jaw to rock. "And what promises will you break?"

"To you? Not a single one."

Her chin trembled, but my little fighter didn't loosen her grip on my eyes, trying to weed out any indication that I was full of it. "And why should I believe you?"

She had a point. I could tell her that I was different with her. That what we had was just as shock inducing to me, but those were just words.

So I showed her.

I took hold of the back of her neck and brought her to me. I wanted to pull her entire body into my lap, but I settled for claiming her lips. I stole the air from her lungs and inhaled her taste. My tongue stroked and plunged into her waiting mouth, running along every surface, dancing around hers and matching the moans she echoed, blow for blow. Words couldn't do the lust, the aching need, she inspired in me justice.

But it was more than that. I wanted more than just to f**k her. I wanted to possess her. I wanted to protect her. I wanted to lay her bare. Corrupt her...and save her.

I wanted her to possess me.

When I pulled back, her face was flushed with such sheer desire that I nearly ripped her seatbelt off and took her then and there. But just as easily as she became mine and let me in, she yanked the mask back in place.

She flipped her blonde mane nonchalantly and turned back to the front. "So about that lunch..."

My c**k pouted, but two could play that game. I slipped on a mask of my own. One of indifference. A front that couldn't be further from the truth. "We're almost there."

When she grunted an acknowledgment, I couldn't resist the urge to make something very clear.

"I need you to understand something about me." My eyes never left the road, for the safety of us both, and the safety of what was left of my racing heart. "I wasn't just giving you a line or trying to get into your pants when I said that I cared for you-"

"But you want me to submit, right?"

"Yes," I bit off, frustrated that her hackles were already up before I could even get it all out. "I want you in every way. I want you to be my submissive and explore that part of you. But I won't do either of us a disservice by forcing it on you. I won't touch you, or pressure you, until you're ready."

She didn't say anything for a long moment, and when she spoke, her voice was soft and unsure. "And what if I'm never ready?"

"You will be," I said. I had no doubt. It was an indisputable truth I would stake my wealth on. And my heart.

"And then what?"

"You'll beg for me," I smiled deviously, wondering just how wet she was from the way she shifted in her seat. A part of me longed to take back the promise and find out for myself, but I settled for stroking the length of her arm. When my touch drew to her hand, she flexed her fingers, the tiniest concession.

It was only a matter of time.

3

****

I was used to commanding attention when I walked into a room. I towered over most people at 6'3 and daily runs and a slight addiction to lifting weights added solid muscle to my lean frame. Although the paparazzi hardly bothered me since the woman that made this RandR trip a necessity was no longer on my arms, eyes still perked in our direction nonetheless.

Melissa squared her shoulders, still giving me the silent treatment after our tense discussion in the car, but questions were all over her face. I knew I'd promised otherwise, but my fingers skated down her spine, hand resting on her lower back. Fate worked in mysterious ways - if she would have obeyed me and wore the dress, I would have missed the delicious shudder of her br**sts as she reacted to my touch. But in her T-shirt I had a perfect view of her arousal as her peaks pebbled behind the cotton fabric.

She let out an indignant huff and crossed her arms against her chest. But she didn't pull from my touch. This woman was an enigma, so wrapped up in being right, being in control that her little shows of defiance only made me want her more. I wanted to climb in her head, plunge inside her until I knew all her secrets.

Secrets = attachment. Attachment = trouble.

But there was no putting the genie back in the bottle. The damage was done and instead of switching to safe mode and keeping my distance, I found myself pulling closer. Even if she wasn't ready to face our connection, what she was to me, and I was to her, I wanted everyone to know that the gorgeous blonde turning the brightest of reds was mine.

The hostess went from smiling so big that I could see every bleached white tooth in her mouth to all but scowling when her star struck eyes evaluated Melissa and our intimate proximity. Delilah James was beloved by all, from working class mothers to tweens and socialites. When I began our casual relationship, I found their attachment endearing-until I ended our relationship. My company's Twitter was bombed with death threats and sad smiley emoticons as her fans came to terms with the fact that we were done.

Now if, I could just convince Delilah of that fact...

"Mr. Mason." The hostess was petite with dirty blonde locks pulled into a low braid. She moves from behind the stand with agile, feline-like prowess. Her eyes squared on Melissa with a predatory gleam in the narrowed, brown things. "New friend? I'm used to seeing you with D."

I almost smirked at the girl whipping out the nickname reserved for the select few that knew the Delilah beneath the glitz and the glamour. Not very many people knew the extent of her acting ability; her turn as everyone's BFF was the role of her life. Delilah James loved herself too much to be a good friend or look out for anyone but number one, but she had this girl ready to attack and tear Melissa's throat out for her perceived offense.

But Melissa's silence sucked all amusement from the situation. She might not be ready for the 's' word, but we were certainly more than friends. Even though she'd gone stiff as a board, I rounded her waist and pulled her even closer. I challenged the hostess with a silence of my own. Blushing madly, she conceded.

"I'm Jada! Let me show you to your table." She bubbled on about the weather or her favorite items on the menu, the awkwardness a few minutes earlier a distant memory - for her, at least. Melissa was still mute and withdrawn. Once we were seated, I tried to lighten the mood. My eyes ripped her clothes off, suckling her hot little ni**les and caressed her face like I meant it. At some point, I'd have to question my sanity, and how I could have fallen so hard for someone I just met, but losing myself in Melissa, living in the moment, was much more fun than playing therapist.

She was purposefully shying away from my gaze, the cute flare in her cheeks telling me she wasn't reading the menu she was intently skimming. I reached for her, an electric current cutting to the bone as I drew my finger across her knuckles. Her body was full of possibilities, places that I couldn't wait to explore.

"I'm starved," I murmured. "But what I need isn't on the menu."

She raised her eyes and I realized the flush in her cheeks wasn't that of lust at all. She was angry.

"I wonder if you used the same line on D," she growled, each word sharper that the last. "Did it work? Did you make her believe that she was different and special?"

I shifted in my seat. This didn't look good. I could tell her the truth, that I tried to have more than a sexual relationship once, but it blew up in my face. I could tell her she was worth the risk, but my pride muted what was in my heart.

Jada flitted over to our table, buying me a few more minutes. "What can I get you to drink?" She directed her question, and br**sts, in my direction. I guess it was progress. She wasn't holding on to my fictional fairy tale romance with Delilah, but she seemed to have forgotten that I came here with a date.

I expected Melissa to give her a piece of her mind, but she just smiled sweetly. "I'll take a vodka and cranberry." The smile turned poisonous when tossed her darkened gaze back at me. "I want to be good and ready when my 'friend' tells me another lie."

I asked for the same and when Jada sauntered off to get our drinks, I got serious. "I know you think this is all a game to me, that I move women around like chess pieces, but it's more complicated than that."

She arched her brow, like I'd just contested gravity of that up was up and down was down. "That's just the thing. It's not complicated. From the beginning, you told me you didn't do cuddling. I'm the one that thought-" She stopped hard, hitting some obstacle she couldn't conquer.

Many women had tried to decipher my code, discover what made me tick so my heart would beat for them. My rules, my structure, my need to control always superseded my need for companionship. I didn't need to confide in them; I had no interest in spilling the guts of an unhappy childhood. It was too messy. Romance was too messy. But domination? It came to me as easily as breathing.

In that space, I took the reins, or if my sub was really kinky, the whip. There was something cathartic about having someone trust me so wholly and completely. To give them beautiful pain and pleasure. To find that dark beauty behind closed doors. But the bedroom was miles and miles away. There was no safe words here. Melissa was hurting, and not because she was over my knee or tied to my bed. I wasn't ready to get into the colossal mistake getting involved with Delilah James was, but I wasn't willing to let her believe that what we had was some throw away tryst, either.

"The last time I attempted to do-" I wasn't sure what to call it, so I just gestured between us. "It resulted in a disaster that spilled into my professional life. I don't want to lie to you, or lead you on." I locked eyes with her. "I'm reluctant to let you in. To let anyone in. If there's one thing life has taught me, it's that people disappoint you."

Her eyes softened in a silent acknowledgement that she understood that all too well. "So you think you'll disappoint me?"

I knew what the right answer was. Hell no, or some sort of grand proclamation of how I'd rather die than bring her pain. But wasn't that true of everyone? Only a true ass**le goes into a relationship with ill intent. But the truth, that falling for me tended to lead to a broken heart, was a truth I wasn't ready to utter. I didn't want to lose her.

"I think we should take it one step at a time."

She made a face. "Well, we're already doing it backward. We slept together, and I know next to nothing about you."

A smile fluttered over my lips. "I wouldn't say we know next to nothing about each other."

The delicious pink returned to her cheeks. "You know what I mean."

I did, but I had every intention of making her squirm. Reminding her about the sounds she made as I touched her. Making her wet while she sat across from me, getting hotter, wondering if I was getting harder with every passing breath. Fuck, I was dying to be back inside her...

"And I have a Perrier and a vodka cranberry," Jada chirped. She unceremoniously plunked Melissa's drink in front of her, then gave me the 5-star treatment. She brandished the bottle like a game show presenter, then slowly cracked the tab and emptied the contents into my glass. I gave her a curt nod and returned my attention where it belonged. Melissa used the interruption to show renewed interest in the menu.

I remedied that. "Jada, we'll take two of the Kobe burgers, mid rare, with all the trimmings. Fries for me and, for the missus?"

Melissa glared at me, closing her menu. "Fries for me as well."

Jada skated off to put in our orders, and I studied the annoyed woman eyeballing me like she wished she had something sharper than a butter knife.

"How did you know I didn't want the salad?"

"Because no one really wants the salad," I answered simply. "The salad is about appearances. And like you said, we're doing this backward. No need to impress me with how little you can eat." I winked at her. "I'm already thoroughly impressed by you."

I expected an eye roll, anything leading up to her flinging her drink in my face. Instead, she peered at me strangely. "Why do you do that?"

"Do what?"

"Pretend that you're some sex crazed maniac."

"Because I am a sex crazed maniac." I said, voice smooth as sin. Almost hiding something else beneath the confidence. From the curious tilt of her head, I didn't do that great of a job.

"I know your sexuality is a huge part of who you are, but it's not all of you. It can't be." Before I could make a snappy comeback, she hopped up from the table, searching out a restroom. I watched her go, taking the fight in me with her. Letting Melissa in was a risk, but something inside told me that she'd already snuck past my defenses. As soon as she got back, I'd be serious. I'd get as close to vulnerable as man like me could get, and I'd let the chips fall where they may.

Melissa returned, her hair a little sleeker, lips glossier than I remembered.

I flashed her a smile and much to my surprise, and answering one crept across her lips. She lowered herself into her seat and tried to cover my small victory by taking a sip of her drink.

"Ask me anything."

She nearly choked. "What?"

"You want to know who I am outside of the bedroom. Ask me anything, and I'll answer your questions."

She contemplated it. "Without snark?"

"Well, now you're going too far," I grinned.

She threw daggers, but her lips twitched with a repressed smile. She fondled her napkin. "Anything?"

"Anything." I confirmed. When she dredged her eyes up, something in the blue made me regret my offer. We were about to take a trip into the past, one of my least favorite destinations. Instead, she surprised me.

"What's your favorite color?"

I frowned. "My...favorite color?"

She raised her eyebrows expectantly. "You said anything."

I chuckled. "Fair enough. Blue."

She rolled her eyes with a heavy sigh. "Like my eyes, right? Always the charmer."

"Not quite." I raked my fingers through my hair. "Don't get me wrong, your eyes are gorgeous. But I mean more of a navy blue. Like the night sky that surrounds a full moon." I cleared my throat. "How about you?"

She was still digesting my response, her eyes zeroing in on me like lasers. After a long, awkward silence, she answered, "Red. Like roses. Roses were my mother's..." She stopped, the color draining from her face.

"I'm sorry about your mother," I said softly, putting two and two together. I felt like I should say something more; hold her hand, comfort her, but I was never good with loss and condolences.

Her shrug let me off the hook. "Everybody dies. Some just sooner than they were supposed to." Her jaw tightened. "Who is D?"

I groaned, the question I'd expected rearing its ugly head. "Delilah is a woman I saw briefly-"

"Delilah?" Melissa interrupted. "There's only two Delilah's I've ever heard of. The one from the Bible, and the famous one that's splashed on every magazine cover and blog these days."

"That's the one." I said wearily, leaning back in my seat. Melissa's eyes bugged out of her skull and I let out a bitter chuckle. "Let me guess-you're a fan."

She shook her head slowly. "No, but you can't escape her. I thought she was dating some billionaire?"

I polished off my water, then realized maybe I should have offered it to Melissa because she looked faint.

"Guilty as charged."

4

****

I watched her out on the sand, her blonde hair whipping in the breeze. My stomach protested, the restaurant only a few feet away. Lunch was forgotten, as far as Melissa was concerned. When most women discovered I was worth billions, their whole demeanor changed. Their smiles grew wider. Hungry. Their eyes glittered like all the diamonds they saw in their crystal ball. Melissa's demeanor changed too: her lips curdled and she recoiled in horror when I reached for her. Before I could get another word out, she said she needed air.

There she was, close, but so far from me. I couldn't read her. I couldn't get inside her head and it was driving me crazy. My ability to size up a person, know their motivations, what made them tick and what made them crack, was a skill I'd turned into an art. When I was a kid, wearing mismatched hand-me-down clothes and sneakers with holes, snickering was a part of my daily life. One particularly cruel kid liked to ask me where I went shopping. One day, my answer was, 'Ask your mom' (not my wittiest come back). My reply was met with shock, then rage. But I had a rage of my own. Something dark that had been nurtured since the first time a foster family sent me back. Every time I was passed around like a hot potato through the system, my mother's words cut into me.

No one will ever want you.

I blacked out until someone pulled me off of the kid. When we went down, 'Fight! Fight!' chants echoed around us, roaring as loudly as the blood in my ears. But the whole world was silent, mute. I looked down and saw why. The boy's face and my knuckles were covered in blood.

If people laughed or talked shit about my clothes after that fight, they did it out of earshot from then on.

Somehow, I channeled the anger, learned how to smile and say all the right things. Found a family that didn't return me like damaged merchandise. All those years of pretending I was normal was the product of watching people, young and old, dissecting behaviors and mannerisms. I could read and interpret people like reading a book.

I situated my shades over my eyes, gazing at the woman I thought I had pegged. My little sub who refused to admit her desires. Fair enough; I'd been the first dominant to a fledgling submissive before. But I couldn't put her in the same box as any of the others I'd taken to bed. It was easy to cut ties with them, to forget them as quickly as they swept into my life. Melissa Foster was different.

The wind combed over her white blonde strands, tugging the back of her T-shirt. She tilted her head like she could feel my eyes on her. Her eyes roped me in, her lips parted. She gave me the slightest of nods, then turned her attention back to the ocean. I didn't know if it was an invitation or acquiescence. I decided to go with the latter.

I strode toward the place where the sand met concrete. I couldn't read her from across a table, or deep inside her, but I'd put that aside for now and settle for just talking to her.

I kicked off my shoes and trekked through the warm sand. She glanced down at my feet when I stopped beside her. She turned her pretty blue eyes upward, shielding herself from the sun with her hand.

"Where are your shoes?"

"Back at the gate," I answered slowly, not sure how the location of my shoes was relevant.

She craned her neck back toward the gate. "You just left them there? What if someone takes them?"

I shrugged a shoulder. "Then I'll buy another pair."

She whipped back to the front so quickly my neck hurt. "Of course. Because you're a billionaire."

I lowered myself next to her, dusting sand from my hands. "And I don't have appreciation for anything or anyone, right?"

"How could you, when you can have anything under the sun?"

"Because I know what it's like to have nothing."

She peered over at me, surprise rounding her gorgeous features. I saw the questions. I could answer them all, but my brief walk through my memories earlier was enough reminiscing for the moment.

"So you know some things about me, so I feel it's only fair to balance the scales."

Her cheeks reddened as she tucked wayward strands of gold hair behind her ears. "Nothing I have to say comes close to dating celebrities and the jetset life."

"You're much more interesting than you give yourself credit for, Melissa."

Her cheeks darkened to the most arousing red, but she tossed her hair and folded her legs beneath her. "Alright. I was raised by my dad. Spent most of my life in Raleigh, until my dad moved his ad firm to Sacramento. Graduated from Sac State, and I worked at my dad's firm..." She trailed off, watching her toes as she buried them in the sand.

"What is it?" I asked softly.

"Never realized how boring my life story was until I said it out loud."

"Boring is subjective." I smiled as she snorted and brought her knees closer to her chest. "What about your passions? Any great loves?"

I'd been trying to alleviate some of the pressure, but if she made herself any smaller, she'd disappear. The anger I'd felt in the car when she brought up her ex roared back to the surface. I'd kicked the wasp's nest.

"I thought I had a great love," she said, her voice low and cradled in hurt. She released a bitter chuckle that turned the salty air to frost. "Well, maybe not a great love, but it was love. I loved him all of my life. We were best friends for forever, and when my..." Her voice splintered and the urge to find this boy and beat him bloody returned with a vengeance.

She drew a lazy circle in the sand with her pointer finger, concentrating on its contours. I didn't even have to break a sweat to know that whatever he'd done was the reason her reservation had changed from two tenants to one...and he was the last thing she wanted to discuss.

No problem. Any more talk of a man who brought my tiny gladiator to her knees would result in using my resources to make his life hell.

"How about you?" She broke the silence. "What happened with you and Delilah?"

I wanted to discuss Delilah James even less, but she'd opened up to me. Picked at a fresh wound; I could do the same. "First off, there was no me and Delilah." I looked out at the water, blue and gray and crystal. I backtracked to the night I met the celebrity darling. "My company, Mason Acquisitions, was holding a charity benefit. My marketing coordinator had been teasing a special celebrity guest, and the room went wild when Delilah strutted onto the stage."

I remembered the slinky red number that clung to every curve, the coy little smile on her lips. She'd sought me out, f**ked me with her dark brown eyes. That night I had her in the bathroom, wrists bound with my tie as I f**ked her until she couldn't walk straight. That memory should have made me hard as a rock, but time and drama drained all pleasure from every tryst we'd ever shared.

"What we had was purely physical-"

"But you were photographed out," Melissa insisted, still tracing that damn circle. It was as if she was trying to convince herself that she was right about me. Conveniently not looking into my eyes to maintain her grip on her confirmation bias. "You were clearly more than just f**k buddies."

"Because some tabloid said so? Please," I scoffed. "It's in their best interest to sell their product, scoops on the famous. And who wouldn't buy an 'exclusive' on the billionaire and the A-list actress?"

She stopped her rotation. "So you two just hooked up."

"That's right," I nodded, even though she'd never know it since she'd turned her attention back to the water. I followed the line of her jaw, the stubborn set of it unyielding. "Lunch, dinner, drinks-all of the above can be enjoyed by friends, despite popular opinion."

"But you're not friends anymore."

"Correct," I said bluntly. "Our arrangement suited both parties just fine until she asked for more. I distanced myself and that's when I discovered letting Delilah James in my life was an error, to say the least." A colossal f**k up was closer to the truth. She started showing up at my office and my home, unannounced. Her calls and texts became incessant. I ignored my legal counsel when they suggested a restraining order, and then she released the Kraken...her legion of bloodthirsty fans. Texts, calls, even one package with white powder that forced us to evacuate Mason Acquisitions headquarters. Even though it ended up being flour, the damage was done.

"So you really don't do relationships?" Melissa asked gingerly. "Not ever."

Her face flitted through my mind. Not Delilah, her. A slice from my past that choked my heart.

"I don't do relationships anymore. Didn't." I corrected quickly as Melissa's eyes narrowed. I put the past back where it belonged-behind me. The pull of Melissa was as strong as the waves that rushed to meet the sand. I brushed her hair from her eyes. "With you, things are different."

She nuzzled my hand, then squeezed her eyes shut and pulled away. "I'm a challenge, or a novelty since I'm nothing like the women you usually dat-" She paused. "Fuck."

"I admit, you are quite the challenge." She popped her eyes open, murder in the bright blue things, but a reluctant smile was on her lips. Her smile burned brighter than the sun. I wanted to stand in its light and let everything else fade away. She moved her hand back to the sand, ready to pick back up with the circle. It was her nervous tick that betrayed her. Even though she acted like she was so sure of me, she wanted to be wrong.

I put my hand over hers, stopping her. "And you're not a novelty. You're..." I searched for the right word to describe how powerful this attraction was. It hit me and my lips curled as I said. "Mine."

5

****

I abided her silence for the duration of the ride back to the house, but when she threw open her door and marched towards the studio, the Dom in me reached his limit.

"Stop right there."

She did, then caught herself and whipped to face me. "I don't respond well to orders, Logan." Her nostrils flared. "Or being reduced to some possession that you own."

I frowned. "That's what this is about?"

"'You're mine'?" she spat. She jerked her thumb backward, pointing at herself. "No, I'm mine. Most of my life I was my dad's. I did everything to make him notice me. To make him see me. Even after I followed in his footsteps, I fade into the sea of his other employees. The only way he gives me a second glance is if I screw up." Her voice wavered. "I belonged to Jason. I was his, I told him things, gave him pieces of me, but it wasn't enough. He was everything to me, but to him I was replaceable."

The tears that built in her eyes stirred the fire in my gut. "Any man that ever made you feel like you were something to be discarded-"

"But don't you do the same thing?" she said tersely, tears threatening to spill down her cheeks. "You play and then you move on to the next. If Delilah freaking James can't hold your attention then how-"

She hitched a breath as I held her, one hand cupping each cheek. Holding her steady. Forcing her to look me in the eye and hear every word.

"You're not Delilah."

She sucked in a gasp, her cheeks darkening like she was offended. "Oh, I'm aware I'm not a-"

I muted her retort with my lips. She didn't even put up a fight, her lips parting willingly with a tortured moan. It was the most beautiful surrender, my tongue dominating hers, dueling with hers, trying to put her worries to rest. She could stop putting Delilah on a pedestal, because she wasn't even a blip on my radar. Every part of me was tuned into Melissa. I felt the way she sucked in a breath when I took her bottom lip between my teeth and tugged. I felt her body becoming liquid and fluid beneath my touch. I pulled back, still holding her. Not wanting to let go. Her eyes were shut, lips still pursed like she was reliving the kiss.

They fluttered open, her bruised pink lips trembling as she drug her tongue across it, collecting herself. "You're playing dirty."

"That's the only way to play," I said huskily. I traced the outline of her lips with my finger, already planning its next destination. Down the nape of her neck, skating over the curvature of her br**sts. Lingering at the nipple, flicking the nub as desire gripped her and stubbornness faded. Just as I was about to put my plan into action, I met those wild blue eyes and paused. I was the reader, so good at gauging reactions and determining how virtually anyone would proceed in any given situation, but she was evaluating me. Lip stuck out defiantly, but eyes electric and waiting for my touch.

I trailed my finger down, noting the nervous swallow and slight tremor that rippled over her body as I stroked her collarbone. Even though I knew she'd be evasive, reluctant to admit what her body was shouting, I asked her anyway. "What are you thinking, Melissa?"

She nibbled on her bottom lip, heat spreading across her face like wildfire. "Currently?" She sniffed, struggling to regain her composure. It was too late for all of that. She could deflect, but I could feel the lust radiating from her. Warm and lush and inviting. If I slipped my hand inside her pants and thrust my fingers inside her, I knew she'd coat me in her juices. From the way she tore into her lip, she wanted me to make it easy for her and just do the thing we both craved: take her. The need in me wanted to push her back against the palm tree and f**k her hard. The Dom in me refused to make it so easy.

My fingers fanned out and clutched her throat. Not tightly, she wasn't ready for that yet, but firm enough that I had her attention. Most women would have responded to the gesture in a disgusted, appalled fashion. Melissa's breath quickened and her eyes widened in wonder.

I relaxed my hold slightly, smiling on the inside. "When I ask you a question, I expect an answer."

She licked her lips, her eyes dropping. When she looked back up, she gave me a grimace of a smile. "What was the question again?"

"What are you thinking?"

Her lips quivered and my c**k pulsed uncomfortably against my fly, wondering what her answer would be. Hoping for the words 'I'm yours', but not naive enough to expect it.

She lifted her chin, the edge returning to her voice. "I thought you weren't touching me until I begged for it."

I smirked. "I'm afraid I have to break that promise. No touching? I couldn't not touch you even if I wanted to." My voice darkened. "But f**king you? That's a different story."

I expected spunk. Attitude. Righteous indignation as she stomped away in a huff. Instead her eyes darkened in kind, accepting my challenge.

So stubborn.

Such a fighter.

So f**king hot.

She slid closer, her voice low and sensual. "You want me to beg for it? Beg for this?"

She wouldn't...oh, but she did. I gritted my teeth to keep my moan from escaping as she stroked my cock. Even though I ached to tear the clothing from her body and push her against the glass sliding door and slam inside her pu**y, I couldn't reward her bad behavior. Moan or not, she was holding rock hard evidence that a part of me was begging for her.

Her lips curled deviously, a smug curve that I wanted to trace with my tongue.

My voice was like gravel. "For someone that can't admit their submissive tendencies, you seem to have brat down."

"Brat?" She batted her eyes with an innocence as guilty as sin.

"That's right." It was the last thing I wanted, but I stopped her mid stroke. I gripped her wrist, holding her hand suspended above my engorged cock. All the blood in me diverted to my groin. Every part of me ached to be inside her. Between her lips. Between her thighs. But she needed to learn her place. "I've been playing fast and loose with the rules, but on this, I must insist."

Her nostrils flared defiantly. "You want me to say I'm submissive."

"That's right." I strode forward, driving her backwards until she was against the sliding glass door. My eyes raked over her, skimming the tight lines of her legs, the curve of her hips. The tease of the core I knew was slick beneath her leggings. The tease of her navel, drawing up and circling the taught nipple that beckoned me. Her chest heaved up and down, matching the shuddering excitement that stroked her cherry red lips. Her nostrils were the only thing holding on, all but releasing puffs of smoke like a bull with a matador in its sights. Her eyes, wide and blue, were all but begging. Begging me not to make her say the words.

I wouldn't make it that easy.

I propped my hand on the door, smiling because I knew I had her right where I wanted her. "There's no point in fighting it, Melissa." I leaned down, lips brushing her ear. A delicious shiver rippled through her. Through me. "It's just two words."

She nibbled on her bottom lip. That slight show of vulnerability made me want to scoop her up. Protect her from all harm.

"Deep down, I know that I have needs. I know that word is what I am, but saying it-" She stopped, licking her lips and smoothing her blonde hair away from her face. "If I say the word, I'm admitting he was right."

"He?" I frowned. "The ex."

She lowered her chin to her chest. "He was right to leave because what I want, what I need, isn't normal."

So there it was, the truth behind why she seemed so adamantly against what was so blatant and obvious. I gently brought her chin up. "They really did a number on you, didn't they?"

Her brow furrowed. "They?"

"Jason." I gargled the prick's name and spit it out. Although I shied from that level of commitment myself, I had little respect for someone that said those three words and broke my Melissa so completely. But he wasn't the only one. "And your father."

Her mouth hung open. "My dad? No, he-"

"Hurt you just as deeply. You felt like you couldn't be yourself around the two men who meant the most to you." I knew I should let that thought sink in, but she was so tortured that I couldn't resist. I pressed my lips against hers. I made a promise that I hadn't made in a long time. A promise that was deeper than sex, deeper the bonds of a Master and a submissive. A promise of the heart.

My forehead against hers, hands cupping both sides of her face, I looked deep into her eyes. "You're safe with me, Melissa. You don't have to hide or pretend or worry that I'll run. I'm right here."

Her eyes fluttered closes, her lips sparing nothing as she let me hold her. My words rippled over her, the fight conceded, her body arching into mine. When she opened her eyes, waves of relief and excitement tumbled and crashed. She skimmed my jaw with her lips, the light touch waking up something inside me. Something I thought I'd never find again.

Her lips were a soft tease on my earlobe. "I'm submissive."

I reclaimed her lips, arms snaring her as I pulled her close. Everything else didn't matter. I'd taken many submissives to bed, but none of them moved me like Melissa. None of them mattered when measured against her.

I knew our first time after she accepted her nature should be more structured, a gradual introduction into Domination and submission, finding out her turn ons and turn offs; her limits, buttons to press and expand her horizons. Control and rational thought were no match for the caged lust had been roaring from the minute I met her. She said the two words to set me free.

She tasted like salt and need and even though we had a perfectly good bed just inside, we clawed at each other, tearing off shirts and shorts and underwear until we were skin to skin. I clutched her ass with both hands, growling with pleasure when I dipped my finger inside her and felt how wet she was for me. I watched her eyes roll back in her head as I pumped in and out of her.

"L-L-Logan..." She said breathlessly, turning a two syllable name into four. "Take me. Take right here. Please."

Oh I planned to...even if she didn't ask so nicely. I needed more of her...all of her. Every bulging inch of me demanded it. I brought one of her legs up, leaning her back so I had a perfect line of sight of her beautiful skin; her pert little br**sts, and the quivering hole that dripped for me. I held my shaft, steering myself into her warmth, letting go as I punched my entire, solid length inside her. She embraced me, her moans driving me wild, loving the way our bodies responded to each other. When she reached around and gripped my ass, pulling me closer, I knew it was a wrap. I had her, she was mine, but she had me too. I was hers.

Her moans deepened, lengthened as her whole body shook from the inside out. She came hard, clutching, groaning. She smiled up at me, her core still twitching, clutching. I released, putting aside my reservations about getting tangled up in someone. I filled her with my warmth, our desires mingling, sealing the deal.

There'd be no going back now.

When we stumbled inside the studio, sex drunk and laughing, I realized I didn't want to go back, even if I could.

6

****

I stirred, the smell of bacon the first thing that loosened sleep's grip on me. Feisty, submissive, and cooks breakfast? She really was perfect.

I stretched my arms up above my head, smiling when conversation filtered up the stairs. Last night after part two of f**king her until we were both spent, we talked. Not about D/s, or Delilah James, or her ex, but about television shows. When I found out she'd never seen Lost, I decreed we'd rectify that before she-

"Leaves." The word was hollow, bitter on my tongue. She was only in Pleasure Point for one more day. She would go back to Sacramento and shortly thereafter, I would be headed back to San Francisco.

And then what?

I rose to my feet, pushing the question away. There was bacon to eat, Lost to watch, and Melissa's lips to kiss. All the rest would work itself out.

I pulled a pair of boxers and pants on, marching to the bathroom. I glanced at my cell on the counter. A missed call from my assistant, Jessica. Under normal circumstances I'd check it without fail, but I was in no hurry to get back to the real world. I splashed some water on my face, brushed my teeth. When I stepped back into the bedroom, I noticed the volume had gone up exponentially. It wasn't the television...it was two voices, both female. Heated.

I frowned, pulling on a T-shirt. Definitely yelling.

When I opened the door and one of the voices sailed up the stairs, my stomach soured. It was the voice made of nightmares, drenched in condescension. A voice, a person, that had no business in my home.

Delilah James.

I rushed down the stairs to put a stop to the yelling match that had my labrador, Lola, barking her head off.

Delilah was near the back door, wearing some sort of spandex number. Her red hair fell in tumultuous waves around her face. She had strappy heels on her feet that added an extra five inches to her statuesque frame. She towered above Melissa, glaring at her like something possessed, but if she expected Melissa to grovel, she was sorely disappointed. Melissa was clad in one of my shirts and from the way her body shuddered as she gave as good as she got, she didn't have much else on. Not that it mattered, because she sized up Delilah she was about to slaughter her, whether she was rocking a T-shirt or armor. When I saw the knife perched precariously close to Melissa on the counter. I stormed into the room.

"What the hell is going on in here?" I thundered.

The room went quite. Even Lola stopped barking. Delilah gasped with delight and bounded over to me, throwing her arms around my neck.

"Oh, Logan! I've -"

I gently, but firmly, unlocked her fingers. I had a choice word or two to say, to yell, but being around Delilah was like walking on a minefield. One wrong move and she'd blow us all up.

"What are you doing here?" I asked, my voice tight as a whip.

"Oh, me?" She giggled like a schoolgirl, complete with twirling a lock of hair around her pinky finger. It wasn't cute. "I was just in the neighborhood."

"I thought all the self-obsessed celebrities hung out in LA," Melissa snapped.

I flicked my gazed over to Melissa with a weary sigh. While I appreciated her spunk, I gave her a look that said 'no more'. She rolled her eyes (I'd spank her for that later), but she obeyed, walking over to the sink.

Delilah turned her emerald eyes up at me, a grin devouring half her face. "I'm actually staying at the rental right up the street. Small world, huh?"

I didn't return the smile. It was a small world, alright. Unbearably so. "Let's go in the living room."

"But Misty is making us breakfast!" Delilah pouted.

"My name is Melissa, for the tenth time," Melissa growled. "And if you think-"

"Just give us a second, babe." My final word caught us all off guard. My cheeks warmed. I wished I could say it was the balmy weather, but it was the heat of shock and surprise that I'd uttered such a thing and the world didn't end. Delilah looked like I'd just slapped her across the face. Melissa's cheeks matched mine, a quiet, secret smile in her bright blue eyes. If my stalker ex-lover wasn't standing right there, murdering me with her gaze, I'd sweep Melissa into my arms and kiss her until it hurt. I'd put her up on the island, spread her legs-

Snap!

Delilah stepped in my line of sight, her face dark with anger. "You said you wanted to talk. So let's go."

I threw a glance in Melissa's direction and she gave me a slight nod. Delilah stomped ahead. She took in the room with a nostalgia that almost made me sorry for what I had to do.

"You know it looks exactly the same in here. Even after all this time." She swayed her h*ps suggestively as she strutted to the fireplace. "You remember that one weekend when you cuffed me and-"

"The only reason I didn't get a restraining order was because I thought we had an understanding," I sliced in. I was too sick of our tired song and dance to mince words. "You can't just show up at my home, Delilah. If that wasn't appropriate when we were seeing each other, what on Earth makes you think it's acceptable now?"

She just stood there, watching me with her glittery eyes. If I didn't know her, I'd think I needed to repeat myself and drill the point home. But this quiet, after I asked a non-rhetorical question, was one of the many quirks that made up Delilah James.

Sick of her dramatic pause, I narrowed my eyes, trying to impart on her how far away from amused I was. "Answer. The. Question."

She sniffed, shying away from my stern glare. "I really just wanted to talk. See...who you've been up to."

I arched an eyebrow, then it flatlined. "The waitress at the restaurant gave someone a tip, huh?"

An uneasy smile fluttered over her lips. "You know how my fans are."

"Yes," I answered darkly, remembering the tweets and vandalism at my corporate office. "I am familiar with the lengths your fans will go to for you."

"For me?" she scoffed, tossing her red mane. "You make it sound like I put them up to it."

My tolerance had a limit, and I was quickly approaching the place where I'd just roar until she went scrambling out the door. Out of my life. "I don't have the time nor energy for getting into that. I just want to know why you're here." She opened her mouth, but I added an addendum. "Try the truth this time."

She sighed, eyes still downcast. "Mind if I sit?"

"Yes," I answered abruptly. "You won't be staying."

She scowled, crossing her arms tight against her chest. Her br**sts nearly sprung from their spandex confines. "You want to know why I'm here? Okay. I wanted to see who was so special that you not only brought them to our place, but to our restaurant too!"

Maybe I would have been better off just yelling and getting her out as quickly as she snaked her way back in. I must have forgotten-there was no having a rational conversation with her when she got this way.

I'd seen glimpses of the crazy when she asked why I didn't use pet names with her. I tried to explain that calling her my sub was the greatest pet name I could give her. I'd gotten another taste of her intensity when she invited me to a premiere and I declined. She'd pulled out all the stops, big, fat crocodile tears and all. But the truly unnerving show of insanity was yet to come.

I invited her to coffee to let her know that I had no interest in seeing her sexually anymore. She'd chucked her iced coffee at my head. Luckily, my reflexes kicked in and it landed on some unsuspecting co-ed instead. That's when I decided to exit, but she stood in my way, screaming that she wasn't going to let me go. If I was cruel, I would have said that she never had me in the first place. Instead, I turned on my heels and went out the back door.

That same desperation was back in her eyes, her voice. And I was done being polite. I wanted her out.

"There is no 'our', Delilah. What we had was fun while it lasted. And just so we're clear, it was a no-strings attached arrangement. An arrangement you agreed to."

Tears built in her eyes, her voice raw and loud. "But you knew I was falling for you. And you saw me, you took care of me, then you tossed me aside!"

I knew painting me as a villain was important to her narrative, but it wasn't an accurate portrayal. I could have told her my story, that I knew what it was like to love and not have that returned. It was the reason for my rules. Not getting attached, compartmentalizing my emotions, keeping my subs at a distance, all of the above kept my heart safe from reliving that hurt. I didn't let anyone get too close.

Except Melissa.

She was the one woman I wanted to know me. A woman I wanted to know inside and out, as my submissive and more. A woman I was losing precious time with every moment I wasted with Delilah.

"It's time for you to go," I said darkly.

Delilah's tears were in free fall, coursing down her face as she stood her ground. "What, are you going to pick me up and throw me out?"

"Delilah," I warned. The anger in me smiled evilly at the thought, but I would never put my hands on her, or any woman, in anger.

She squared her shoulders. "It's okay. You should do it. I'm used to being hurt by you."

I went rigid like she'd just hit me. It was always my greatest fear that I'd misread a lover and miss some sort of mental issue that created their need to be dominated or spanked. To each their own, but I dominated because I never felt as alive as when I had a woman on her knees before me; discovering herself, and how freeing submission was. It wasn't about inflicting pain or causing harm for harm's sake. To hear that Delilah missed that and thought it was all about hurting her felt like a blow to the gut.

"He might not throw you out on your ass, but I will."

Melissa stood in the doorway, just waiting for the word.

Delilah looked back and forth between us, swiping at her cheeks. "We're not done here. Not by a long shot."

7

****

Melissa peered over at me, hesitation dancing over her soft features. "Do you want to...talk about it?"

I dabbed at my mouth, trying to keep my voice relaxed even though Delilah's words were still echoing through my head.

It's okay. You should do it. I'm used to being hurt by you.

"Do I want to talk about the train wreck that went down an hour ago?" I gave it to her straight. "Not really."

My phone sang in my pocket. I retrieved it and looked at the screen. It was my assistant, Jessica. Again. I was tempted to answer it, but I decided better of it, letting it go to voicemail.

She pivoted herself to me, not letting it go that easy. "I think the string of events are pretty self-explanatory. She was into you, you weren't really into her, she lost her shit." She raked her golden bangs out of her eyes and on closer inspection, I saw that I misread her. It wasn't hesitation on her face, or wariness. It was attentive curiosity. Like she was standing at the edge of the pool, weighing the options of dipping her toe in the water or just jumping in.

"I'm asking about her whole 'you hurt me' comment."

I scrubbed my hands down my face with a groan. "I was worried you caught that."

"It's hard to miss something like that," Melissa answered quietly. "And I saw your face. You looked-" She nibbled her bottom lip as she tried to find the right word. "Broken."

Sticks and stones...what a f**king crock. I knew all too well that words could injure more deeply than any physical blow. I could have withstood a slap across the face from Delilah, but hearing that I hurt her? It gutted me. And looking at Melissa, eyes round with concern, throwing around words like 'broken' when I wanted to be her rock...that hurt too. I wanted to be the Dom that protected her from anything and everything. I couldn't be that and be broken.

I rose smoothly, walking to the French doors that led to the patio. To oxygen, since all the air seemed to have vacated the room. "I'm not broken." The breeze was warm and distracting, holding the morning notes of dogs being walked and surfers headed toward Pleasure Point right down the street. The weather, the birds, the light floral scent of roses beside the hot tub-all of it was preferable to telling Melissa the truth. I'd let Delilah seep in like a poison and I was spiraling down a rabbit hole that didn't lead to my paradise; a place of belts and restraints and safe words. A place that had always been an escape for me, and to my knowledge, my lovers as well. Delilah ripped that all away, dumping me into a hell of my own creation. Hurting women...that makes you just like -

I didn't say the bastard's name.

I couldn't.

So I told the truth.

"I'm broken."

I almost thought I'd screamed the words, but my lips were clamped together, so ready to revert back to safe haven. The comfort behind the walls I built to keep my emotions at bay. But the words escaped. Low and earnest. Barely above a whisper.

I faced Melissa, wondering if she heard. Difficult to decide whether I wanted her to hear or not.

Her eyes told me she did.

She shrugged her shoulders, but we both knew it was a big deal. The air was charged now. Electric.

"I'm broken too," she said quietly. "You were right about my dad. About Jason."

She threw back the rest of her orange juice like there was something else in the glass besides Vitamin C. Something to give her strength. "As far back as I can remember, all I've wanted was my dad's approval. It was just the two of us, so I cooked, I cleaned, I got good grades, I stayed out of trouble.

My dad owns a marketing firm, so it's all about appearance. On the outside, we were happy. I was happy. He smiled and joked when we were around other people." Her voice wavered. "Sometimes I'd forget it was all a show. Fake. I'd let myself believe that he cared about me. I mean, of course he cares about me, it's just-" She let out an abrupt, unnerving chuckle, hopping to her feet. "God. Even now I'm making excuses. I was so desperate for someone to want me, to notice, that I didn't stand a chance when Jason finally asked me out."

Just the sound of his name a second time was enough to make my fists clench and my mouth narrow into a scowl.

"How can I blame him?" she said bitterly. "It's no wonder he-"

"Don't you dare," I said tersely, capturing her hand. I interlaced our fingers and drew her in until her body was against mine. "There's absolutely nothing wrong with you."

She nuzzled me. "How about you?"

I planted a kiss on the top of her head and lingered, breathing in the warmth of her. "Apparently, I'm broken," I joked.

She pushed my chest, nothing joking in the gesture. Her palms were firm and insistent, her eyes blue, unyielding slits. "Talk to me, Logan."

Being open and vulnerable was so foreign, so f**king terrifying that I reverted to annoyance. "What do you want me to say? That it sucked to hear that something that I take seriously, that means a lot to me, was totally wasted? That she thinks I wanted to hurt her? That pain is somehow part of the package?"

"Well, isn't it?"

I took a step backward and drew a steadying breath before I answered. "It's about more than just pain, Melissa. More than control." She looked genuinely curious, so I kept going. "A lot of people are under the impression that it's about a man being in complete and utter control of his woman. That my word is law. But for me, it's not like that. That's not what gets me off about the kink. For me, there's nothing sexier than a woman sensing a submissive need inside herself. To completely lose herself in the throes of passion and trust that her lover knows what she needs to help her find her bliss. I don't force anyone to submit. I don't do this for a license to hurt my lover or act out some latent sadist desire. I take control, but only when a woman is strong and confident enough in herself and her sexuality to give it."

It wasn't the first time I'd spoken those words, explained how I was different than other Doms and what to expect from me, but it was the first time that I found my stomach knotting, needing her to understand. Needing to be right for her.

Her face was guarded and unreadable. "And what is expected of me?"

"More than anything, honest communication," I replied. She gave me a 'no duh' look, but I just stared right back. The run-in with Delilah was proof that these things needed to be said and understood. I circled Melissa slowly, watching her defenses go up, her body alert as I took her in with my eyes, then slowly, touch. My fingers kissed her soft skin. She came alive for me instantly, but she tried to cover her gasp by clearing her throat.

"It's your job to be open," I continued, drawing my touch to her spine. "About what turns you on. What turns you off." I rested my hand on her lower back, drinking in the round curve of her ass. "Your hard limits." I squeezed the right globe of her bottom-hard. "Your soft limits-places and things, you are wary about, but willing to try to expand your horizons."

She gave me a pointed look, eyes hot with arousal. "And how am I supposed to-" She bit off a moan as I brought her closer, the lines of her body matching mine perfectly. "How am I supposed to talk to t-think with your hands all over me?"

I traced the curve of her bottom lip with my thumb, already making plans for her hot little mouth. "How am I supposed to keep my hands to myself when you look so goddamn sexy?"

"Sexy?" she frowned in disbelief, using the little space that remained between us to gesture at her body. "In a wrinkled button down shirt?" She fondled her tresses gingerly. "Greasy hair?"

"Absolutely." I smiled down at her, undoing each button, one by one. "But your sexiness is so much more than how hot you look in one of my shirts, or how your tousled, wild, hair would look fisted as I take you from behind." I drank in the contrast of her pale pink ni**les against the starch white of my shirt and the way her breath hitched when I gripped it tight. She looked at me from behind hooded eyes, the moan at the back of her throat going straight to my balls. "It's in your gaze. Curiosity, fear, lust, and fight. I want to be the one that answers those questions for you, calms your fears, give you indescribable pleasure, and shows you that it's okay to trust again. That you're safe with me."

She planted both hands firmly on my chest separating herself from me. She was clearly waging some internal war as to whether she could trust me or if these were just words I was spouting off.

"Listen to your body. Hell, listen to mine."

When she gave me her signature stubborn glare, I pulled her toward me, leading her hand to my raging hard cock.

I was always better at showing than telling. Her eyes registered surprise, then the blue irises caught fire, burning with a lust that echoed my own. She gripped my c**k tight, her fingers drawing up and down the swollen length.

A low groan rumbled through me. "You see what you do to me, Melissa? This thing that burns between us is more powerful than anything I've ever known."

The last bonds of doubt were broken as she arched her body into mine, raising her mouth toward mine, giving her beautiful lips to me. As much as I wanted to ravage her, thrust my tongue into her mouth, leave her breathless as I swept her up and took her on the island countertop, there was something I needed even more.

"I want you to offer your submission to me."

She gaped at me like I wasn't speaking English. "What?"

"I want you to understand what you're agreeing to. This is more than kinky sex. It's intense. Sometimes painful. And it's more than a physical connection; it's psychological." Delilah's words festered, the wound still raw. "I want you to know what I am, and what I'm not."

Her eyes softened as she stroked my cheek. "I know who you are, Logan. And I won't pretend I'm an expert at this, but I know that being with you, being your submissive, feels right." She gave me a steely look of determination. "I'm offering my submission."

My pulse raced, my c**k thumping in approval. I offered her my hand. "Good girl."

8

****

We were no strangers to my bedroom, but the taut, unspoken excitement that electrified the silence was proof that this would be different. Tonight, she would be mine.

I rested my hand on the small of her back and her nerves rippled through my fingers.

"Relax," I whispered softly.

"That's easy for you to say," she fired back, throwing me a wary look over her shoulder. "You know what comes next." Her voice turned cautious. "I've never...I don't..."

I pulled her into my arms, planting a kiss on her forehead, then a lingering one on her lips. I held her close, tight, until she exhaled and I felt her relax into the embrace. She stole a look up at me, her sky blue eyes studying me with curiosity.

"What?" I fondled a loose blonde tress that drifted onto her cheek.

"I just expected you to be different once I said yes." Her cheeks burned hot. "More stern."

"Bend you over and spank your ass until it's as bright red as your face?" I winked, enjoying giving her a hard time. When she nudged me with her elbow, my little fighter, unwilling to budge or back down even when faced with the unknown, a fierce need gripped me and didn't let go. This ache in the familiar part of me collided with a throb in my chest that wasn't so familiar. There was nothing like the first time with a new submissive, but I wasn't stubborn enough to deny that this excitement was different.

We hadn't even begun and she already possessed all of my senses. The warm scent of her tousled hair beckoned me when I swept it to the side. I wanted nothing between us as I planted my lips on her skin. I could taste her excitement, the delicious anticipation as she leaned into my touch. When I roped her waist and pulled her back against me, against the raging hard need that pierced my pants, she released a low, tantalizing moan.

My other hand slid down the opening of her shirt, gripping her breast. I circled her nipple, loving how hard her peaks were for me. So perky and attentive. Just when she was starting to lose it, grinding her ass against me, I released my savage hold on her nipple. I found the other was just as eager, swollen for my touch. As soon as her moans built to a fever pitch, I released it. Her groan of protest, complete with a frustrated pout, shot right to my balls.

"No fair," she whispered, turning her intense blue eyes on me. In that moment, I saw more openness, more vulnerability than ever before.

"While we're in this moment, this scene, fair is irrelevant." Even though a storm of lust was wreaking havoc inside me and I wanted nothing more than to bend her over and f**k her until she called on every deity in existence for deliverance, I needed to dominate her. I needed to see the moment it all clicked into place and she realized the power in submission, the beautiful gift she was giving me-and the life altering pleasure I'd give her in return.

My c**k protested when I put distance between us, but it had to be done. As much as I wanted to caress her and watch her come undone in my hands, it was important to establish the scene and our place in it. The rules needed to be explained before we got carried away and safe words and limits were thrown to the wind.

I needed to let her know who was in charge.

I circled her slowly, my eyes roving over her body. Her face was flush with arousal, the pink heightened in her cheeks. Lips trembling. If I fisted her hair and pulled her back until we were eye to eye, I knew her pupils would be dilated. And if I yanked down her pants and shoved my fingers in her pu**y, she'd coat them in her juices.

I drew a sobering breath, calming myself. This wasn't my first time around the D/s block, but I was forgetting my own rules. I wanted to f**k her so bad it hurt, but I wouldn't bring her into my world until she knew what to expect.

I continued my rotation, a hawk hunting its prey. Learning her, reading her, before I struck. "I'll take it easy on you the first time. But be warned-when we're in the scene, I'm your Dom and you're my submissive. You've offered your submission to me and in return, I'll never give you more than you can bear." I paused in front of her, owning her gaze. "That being said, you can always end whatever erotic act I'm doing to you with a single word: red."

"Red," she repeated hoarsely, trying the word on for size as she licked her lips. "And what if I want to keep going?"

I brushed her cheek with my knuckle. "Don't you worry about that, love. I have every intention of going, taking, and owning your body. We'll learn your limits together-just make sure you're honest with yourself and me and use the safe word when you need to."

She gave me a crisp nod. I nearly picked her up and threw her over my knee for the insubordinate act, but realized I'd neglected that formality.

I crossed my arms. "When we're in the scene, you will address me as Sir. Failure to do so is disrespectful and will be punished accordingly. And when I speak to you, I want your hands behind your back and your eyes always on me. Understood?"

I saw societal conventions and feminist theory balking in her head. At face value, I got it. To an outsider, a woman being submissive to her lover flew in the face of equality. But this wasn't a college lecture hall...this was my bedroom. And there was nothing sexier than a woman that knew her body and what it needed and had the strength to admit it needed something kinky and taboo.

I narrowed my eyes, still waiting for her answer. Finally, she raised her chin and replied clear as a bell, "Yes sir."

"Good girl." I put her to the test. "Now take off your clothes."

I expected wide eyes. Or a peevish, 'All of them?'. Instead, she scrambled out of her clothes like she couldn't get out of them fast enough. Standing before me, every part of her bare and perfect, she quickly covered herself as best she could with her arms, blushing hard. I circled behind her, drinking up the round curve of her bottom before I smacked her right ass cheek. She gasped, out of shock more than pain. She'd already forgotten a rule which meant I had the right to do much more, but I wouldn't throw her in the deep end just yet.

I leaned down, my lips level to her ear. I waited a moment, slowly rubbing the area I spanked until her muscles relaxed. "Hands behind your back until I say otherwise."

She promptly obeyed. "Yes sir."

I kissed her shoulder. She was learning quickly. "Remain here, eyes forward. I'll be just a moment."

I left her, striding toward the closet. I paused, throwing a quick look over my shoulder to see if she was tempted to disobey, but her eyes were steadfast on the bed. I swear I could see the gears churning, smell her arousal for what was to come from several feet away.

I couldn't wait to take her.

I stepped into the closet, my eyes dropping to the leather chest tucked neatly against the wall. I lifted the heavy lid and scanned the erotic contents. Handcuffs, silk rope, floggers and a riding crop. I had sterile items that were still in the packaging, butt plugs that ranged from 'this is my first time' to 'stretch me to the max'. Bullet vibrators. I smiled and picked up the nipple clamps and grabbed the role of bondage tape. My erection tented the front of my pants to the point of discomfort, so I shed them and got back to my little sub.

She was still looking forward, her side profile a journey of small and wide curves. She hitched a breath when I gripped her ass, nipping her shoulder as I bit back a growl. God, she was beautiful like this. Tailor made for me with her pert little tits and her round h*ps and ass.

I showed her the items I would be using on her, holding up the round circle of black tape first. "This is bondage tape." She arched an eyebrow and I answered the question before she even asked it. "It looks like duct tape, but it adheres to itself. When-" I smiled darkly. "If I remove it, you won't experience discomfort."

Her eyes flickered to the clamps, then doubled in size.

I opened the pincher and closed it. "These, I'm afraid, can be just as fearsome as they look."

Her lips parted, nostrils flaring with worry.

I cupped her cheek, staring deep into her eyes. "Do you trust me?"

She nibbled her bottom lip. "This is insane, but yes. Sir," she added quickly.

I scooped her hair behind her shoulders, her milky white tits and ni**les begging to be touched tenderly and torturously. I decided to go with the second item first. I held her right breast and closed the clamp around her pink peak. She howled in pain until I adjusted it and when I looked into her eyes I saw a feral need that clawed inside me too. As much as I wanted to leave it unspoken, communication was important and necessary during play.

"How do you feel?"

She swallowed hard. "It hurts...but it hurts so good," she sighed.

I pulsed behind my boxers as I applied the clamp to her second nipple. Her shuddering and hissing of pain melted into a suppressed moan of need. Her heavy breathing made her br**sts shudder and the silver chain glittered and swayed ever so slightly.

I pried my eyes away from how beautifully erotic she looked and stepped behind her, wrapping her wrists in the tape. I left her a small range of motion, but tight enough that she knew her place.

I took a picture of her in my mind, something to remember this moment, and her beautiful submission by.

I pulled off my boxers. "Look at what you do to me."

She looked down and a smile spread across her lips. I was so hard, my balls tight and ready for release, but I had two holes to f**k before I'd let go.

I sat on the edge of the bed, slowly stroking my c**k as she stroked it with her eyes. "Come suck me."

She walked over to me and before she lowered to her knees I gave her nipple clamp chain a tug that she answered with a groan.

She sunk to her knees, pulling at the hands tied behind her back, clearly used to taking charge when she gave head. But I held the shaft, guiding it into her open mouth. Her lips wrapped around me and pleasure shot through me like a bullet. Her mouth was warm and cradled me, drawing her lips up and down my shaft; wetting me with her tongue, her saliva coating me as she sucked. I held the sides of her head, thrusting deeper. Slowly at first, letting her breathe and get used to my thickness, then faster and without mercy. I wanted to come, explode in her mouth, but I wanted to be inside her. I wanted her to ride me.

I fisted her hair and pulled her mouth from me, holding her gaze. "Ride me."

Her lips were red and lush and I could tell she was wondering about the logistics with her hands behind her back. I snapped her out of her thoughts, tugging on the clamps until her mouth opened in a silent cry of pain and elation.

"Don't make me repeat myself," I said sternly. I released the chain. "Climb on top and ride me."

I eased backward onto the bed, holding my c**k steady as she rose to her feet. She was unsure of herself at first, getting used to her binds. She slowly climbed onto the bed.

"Melissa." She looked up at me, her nerves branded all over her body. I gave her a reassuring smile. "I've never wanted anyone as much as I want you."

She sunk her teeth into her bottom lip, but I saw the smile as she straightened her spine. I saw her beautiful pu**y, a thin strip of golden hair glistening with her desire as she posed one knee on the bed and angled her body above mine. Still biting her lip, she slowly lowered herself. I guided myself inside her, pleasure storming every sense. We both savored the feeling, me sheathed completely inside of her, our bodies as close as two bodies can be.

And then she moved her hips.

Slow, deliberate circles at first, each rotation making her shudder. I clutched her waist, holding her steady as I took the reins and vaulted my c**k deep inside her. She threw her head back in abandon.

"Oh God, Logan," she moaned. "I'm so close."

I gritted my teeth as I slowly rocked in and out of her, watching her face as I pulled out then punched back in. She loved being denied and filled, giving me control over her delicious body.

"Ask me for permission," I said thickly, my words haggard. "Ask me to let you come."

She tried to quicken the pace, but I tsked and held her still, loving the way she pouted and tried to tempt me by rolling her hips. "Please let me come."

"Beg," I breathed hotly.

"Please let me come," she moaned, her face awash with lust. "I want to come with you deep inside me."

I tugged on the chain, almost satisfied. Close to coming myself. But I was a gentleman in matters of the bed. Ladies first. "Come for me."

I loosened my hold and she hopped up and down on my swollen lust, eyes squeezed shut as she started moaning uncontrollably, her legs shaking wildly. Her orgasm rippled over me, clutching me tight. Her face so serene, so filled with pleasure.

I let go.

Our bodies were so in sync. She pulled me deeper, milking every last drop of me into her. Draining me in the most beautiful way.

She rolled over onto her side, breathless. Still shaking myself, I removed the clamp one by one, then reached around and unraveled her wrists.

She collapsed into my arms, her body warm and liquid. I shut my eyes and finally found peace.

And then the damn phone rang.

It was muffled since it was tangled up in my jeans, but loud enough that it cut through the afterglow. I kissed Melissa on the forehead and slowly eased from the bed.

I cleared my throat as I yanked the cell free. When I looked at the screen and saw my assistant's name flashing up at me, I angrily snatched it to my ear. "Jessica, this better be some sort of national emergency-"

"I'm sorry, Mr. Mason. I tried calling earlier. And I left several messages," Jessica said contritely. "It's just...the phone is ringing off the hook, and there are reporters all over-"

"Reporters?" I frowned, raking dark strands from my eyes. "What's going on?"

"It's Delilah James. Her team leaked that she's making an announcement on GMA tomorrow morning. She says she's pregnant...and you're the father."

