I gave the massive structure, all brute metal and glass windows glittering like teeth, a long, pensive look. The Whitmore Building looked so posh on television--almost gothic and cathedral-like--but without the flashing lights it was just another building on Fifth Street. Still, a couple of things set it apart from the others. The first was PR, an Emmy nominated reality television show that followed two tenacious publicists on staff, documenting the drama and glamour that comes with cleaning up the messes of the mega rich. The second was Jacob Whitmore, the twenty nine year old billionaire at the helm of the company and a constant fixture on the glossy pages of tabloid rags for his lavish lifestyle and penchant for supermodels and celebrities.

I futilely smoothed my dark, corkscrew curls and pushed through the revolving door. Stepping out of the muggy heat and into the cool of central air should have been a relief, but instead, it made me hyper aware of my nerves. The sweat at my back was sticky, making the sheer black blouse I wore adhere to my skin like glue. Even a swallow of the dewy ac didn't do my dry throat any favors.

I instantly recognized the lobby from the show, the motif of glass and white walls giving off a clean, sophisticated edge. Each employee passing through the revolving doors was more glamorous than the last and I couldn't help but pause in the shuffle, gawking at it all like some awkward tourist.

Trying to gather my wits about me, I gave my head a hearty shake and locked eyes with a burly man sitting below an etched sign that read 'Whitmore and Creighton'. I was supposed to check in with him and get a name tag. As I inched closer, my eyes drew up and around the marble arch behind the man and I paused again. This place was gorgeous. And even a blind man could see I didn't belong.

Remember Leila, I thought, squaring my back and taking a step forward. All that glitters is not-

BAM!

I let out a hiss of surprise as someone sideswiped me, making me swerve and clutch onto nothing but air until a woman steadied me before continuing on her way. Damn heels. Reason number 1,231 I had to move out on my own. All of my flats had mysteriously disappeared overnight, leaving me two options: my Chucks, or the barely worn stilettos Mom had gotten me for my 23rd birthday a few weeks ago. I frowned at the memory of her sneaky smile as I rushed out of the house in the cursed things. God works in mysterious ways, Lay.

Regaining my composure, I opened my mouth to tell whoever missed the woman sized figure in their path that I was okay, only to see the squared back of the man that ran into me hustling toward the elevators--with no intention of stopping.

"Excuse you!" I snapped, my annoyance following his confident stride. The man came to a hard stop then slowly pivoted to face me and I just about died on the spot.

It was Jacob Whitmore.

As his aqua colored eyes narrowed to slits and began to survey me, I took him in. The camera didn't do him justice. Dark, wavy hair framed an impossibly handsome face. He had an aristocratic nose; sharp, but not overly so. It was the kind of thing that seemed engineered to look down on everyone else. His jaw was strong and sure and a bemused smile at his lips created two dimples that made my heart skip a beat. I found myself drawn to his lips--not because he was clearly laughing at the fact that I was scared shitless after lashing out at the boss, but because they were thick and lush. Perfect for kissing. Perfect for running up and down a bare body...

When he took a step toward me, I began to babble. Talking, presenting myself had always been my forte. Back in college when I was put in a group, the other members always volunteered me to speak for the lot. After I gave the student address at graduation, both faculty and a couple of classmates told me that my speech was engaging and powerful; by far the favorite at an event where Dr. Seuss quotes and "follow your dreams" were the norm. But now, facing the billionaire playboy in the flesh, I found myself flabbergasted, red with embarrassment, and unable to string two cohesive words together.

"I, er, I'm, it's-"

He moved closer and his smell, warm with a hint of lime and musk, wrapped tight around my vocal chords. I stood like an idiot as people hustled around us. Not that they mattered. As far as I was concerned, it was just the two of us.

"What's your name?" The authoritative snap behind his question caught me off guard, but it shouldn't have. He was worth a crapload of money and just a glance at my Jcpenney skirt and worn blouse said that I was definitely not. There was no mistaking who was in charge and who decidedly was not.

"M-My name?" I stammered.

"Yes." He raised a brow. "Those things one is given at birth?"

I cleared my throat. Rich and snarky. "Leila."

"New hire?"

Of course it was obvious that I wasn't an employee since I'd been wandering around like a dolt. And the fact that I wasn't a blond, leggy carbon copy of most of the women that strut past made me stick out like a sore thumb. I didn't trust my words to not glom to each other so I just shook my head.

He frowned. "Then what brings you to my building?"

"Interview," I croaked. "Research aide."

"Huh," he said, running a quick hand through his hair. The dark waves crashed back around his face effortlessly. "I suppose that makes sense."

The haze of being in his presence was starting to wear off and the dismissive tone of his voice made me jut my lip out defiantly. "What is that supposed to mean?"

Surprise flitted across his face. "That research seems a suitable fit for you."

"Somewhere tucked in a dank cubicle where the cameras wouldn't dare venture?" As soon as the retort came out I slapped a hand over my mouth. Jesus Christ, Lay! Calling out Jacob Whitmore? Right before your interview?!

Something unreadable flashed in his eyes and before I could apologize effusively or duck out of the building, he reached out and gripped my forearm. "You're coming with me."

His tight hold made a protest rise in my throat, but he was on the move, bobbing and weaving as he drug me along like an anchor. Eyes cast our way only took us in for a moment before dutifully glancing away.

As we marched past the main elevator and made a sharp left down a darkened corridor, fear began to bubble in my gut. Where was he taking me? And even better, why was I letting him take me anywhere?

Just as I gathered the backbone to pull from his hold, he retrieved a slender id card from his breast pocket and swiped it through the reader. A green light flashed and he pushed open a metal door, gesturing for me to enter. I glanced in and my heart raced when I scanned the poorly lit stairwell.

"After you," he said smoothly.

I took a small step backward. "My interview-"

"I'm about to administer a preliminary interview." he cut in. "Personally."

The erotic edge to his words should have made me run, kicking and screaming, in the opposite direction. Instead, the throbbing in my heart was met by a pulsing decidedly lower.

I began the descent and told myself I didn't have to let on that I'd do anything to work for his company. That would make me seem desperate. Whore-y. And I was neither. I was just someone that knew what I wanted and would get it--by any means necessary.

As far back as I could remember I've been the queen of spin, able to talk my way out of just about anything. Missing curfew, bringing home a B- instead of an A, mastering the 'it's me, it's not you', and even talking my way out of a flurry of speeding tickets.

At Whitmore and Creighton I'd get a chance to use my silver tongue to segue into the lives of the rich and famous. When shit hit the fan and Dick and Jane in Everytown, USA read about the latest mess a prominent figure was embroiled in, I would be behind the scenes, turning crap into apple pie. With time, maybe I'd even make a name for myself--one as fearsome as Jacob Whitmore.

But the feel of him behind me, domineering and forceful, reminded me that I was still a nobody and still had a pound or two of flesh to give.

"Are you afraid?" he asked, something in his voice betting on yes.

"No." I wasn't afraid of him so much as my willingness and excitement to follow him into the unknown. I had no idea what waited for me at the end of the stairs but a part of me hoped it was something illicit; something that involved those lips pressed against mine. Against my neck. Trailing and tracing every curve...

I teetered a bit on my ridiculous heels and let out a nervous chuckle when I felt him immediately against me. I knew he meant to steady me, but the nearness of him made my morals and my body sway--especially when I felt the swell pushing through the fabric of his pants. His passion only spurned me on and I was deadly close to ripping off my skirt and letting him take me then and there.

What are you doing? A voice shrilled, cutting through the arousal. You're gonna let some strange man have his way with you in a stairwell?

It was a splash of cold water to the face and I pulled back when we reached the landing, putting a few feet between me and my beautiful prospective employer. "I-I can't do this."

His cerulean eyes glittered. "Do what?"

I gave him an incredulous look. Was he really going to make me say it? "I have an interview." I combed my memory for the woman's name given over the phone. "With Maria Delacourt." I glanced down at his crotch and spied his snug arousal and shot my gaze back up. "A proper interview."

If annoyed or insulted by my last sentence, he had a helluva poker face. His face was still, handsome features cut out of marble. Unfairly perfect. Unfairly hard to read. But when he strode forward, backing me up until I was against the wall with no place to go except through him, there was no mistaking his intentions. My ni**les strained against their intimate prison and I felt moist desire pooling between my thighs. Still, I denied him.

"Mr. Whitmore, I can't," I said weakly. "I won't."

His fingers expertly found my side zipper and unhooked the top clasp before pulling the zipper down. My protests were irrelevant. As my skirt fell to my ankles, a rash of pride went through me when I heard the moan in the back of his throat at the red lacy panties I'd chosen to wear this morning. They always said confidence started from within and the scarlet number was like red velvet cake against my caramel skin, showing off the summer hue I'd achieved with all of my free time. The padding I'd packed onto my petite frame throughout college was all but gone because of daily runs and though I swore I couldn't see a difference, I felt it in the way he looked at me.

I didn't say another word as I let him untie the side sash of my blouse, then undo the final button holding the thing together. The blouse joined the skirt on the floor.

Suddenly hyper aware of my near nudity, I pointlessly crossed my arms against my chest and tried to shield my body from him.

He let out a chuckle, light, condescending...and as infuriating as him blasting past me in the lobby without a second look. It reeked of entitlement and it shook me from my obedience.

I maneuvered around him in a huff and kneeled, gathering my clothes. I must have had a moment of insanity because now, with him so certain that I'd drop my panties just because he was powerful and hot, I knew I'd take a job at Dairy Queen before I'd work for him...right?

"What do you think you're doing?" he said, an edge to the question.

"Leaving," I said icily. "You know, that thing that one does when they no longer want to be someplace."

His foot was on the hem of my skirt and when he didn't budge, I shot him a look of warning. He stepped back with another laugh. "We both know you're not going anywhere, Leila."

"Is that right?" I said sarcastically, sliding my skirt over my hips.

"Mmhm," he intoned. "The starting salary of a research aide at Whitmore and Creighton is easily triple the average income of most people in the country, you'll get to sink your teeth into the meatiest celebrity catastrophes in the world, and we have a hell of a benefits package."

I let out a snort as I zipped up my skirt. "So it's a good job. And my interview involves spreading my legs? You dangle a check and health insurance like a bone and I'm just supposed to have sex with you?"

"No," he said, eyes burning into me. "You haven't earned sex. But you're going to submit to me because you want to."

Submit to him? "I'm pretty sure I just said I wasn't interested," I said stubbornly, not looking him in the eye because he might see that couldn't be farther from the truth. "I'm not a whore."

"I never said you were," he said smoothly. "But I do think you're curious."

"Curious?" I snorted.

He nodded. "That's right. You're going to submit to me because you're curious."

"No I'm not." But I'd stopped redressing.

"I can tell you're a woman that's used to being in charge. A leader."

He was back in front of me, invading my personal space in the most delicious way. "You're going to submit to me because you're curious about what it would be like to give everything over to someone else."

He leaned in and his virile scent flooded my nostrils, making me close my eyes as I breathed him in.

"You're going to do what I say," he continued, his breath sending a wildfire of passion over me. "Because secretly, you wonder what it's like to be on your knees."

Omigodomigodomigod.

Just as my resolve wobbled and I opened my mouth for a retort, he linked a finger at the curved hip of my underwear, trailing down until he hit the curly tangle of my sex. I should have snapped my knees shut and pushed away from him, but I stayed still. Painfully still, because as he began to stroke at the heat between my legs, I wanted to vault my h*ps forward until he plunged the digit inside.

Once he began to breach my sex, my breath came out in husky gasps and I began to squirm.

His voice was like a whip, reining me in. "Stay still."

I let out a moan of protest but managed to obey, trading the writhing for trembling thighs. How could I remain still with him touching my most intimate place, lighting my most secret desires? I could tell he was ripping at the frays too; moans radiating from behind his pursed lips.

With my eyes closed I melted into him, forgetting everything but this until my eyes popped open. He wasn't touching me in a company stairwell where it was a sure bet that someone, anyone, would walk in on our erotic act, but he couldn't possibly be the only one with access to that door. A janitor, a secretary--what if there were cameras? What if that security guard was watching them right now? But all the questions paled in comparison to the one that screamed in my head: How did he know that I secretly craved this?

My eyes popped open. This was too much. I couldn't do this. "Mr. Whitmore-"

"Jacob."

My eyes rolled back in my head as he continued to tease my opening, slipping just inside before darting back out. I wanted him to take my protests seriously but how could he when they were flanked by moans?

I brought a hand to cover his. "No, don't..."

"Yes," he said huskily. "Oh, God yes-"

I shook my head but spread my legs wide for him. "I think I should...oh...Oh!"

My words were cut off at the knees as he forced his fingers inside me. I was already wet and dripping from the tease and they dove between my folds with a hearty smack. Foreplay with past boyfriends usually consisted of putting on a condom. And living with my rents, I hadn't touched myself, uh, down there, in months. With his fingers knuckle deep inside my heat, I devolved to my innate hunger, humping and gasping for more. I looked into his fiercely handsome face, desire and lust simmering behind his eyes and I said yes. Yes to this feeling. Yes to him.

There were no more words, only moans as I gave into the overwhelming sensation of his touch. I could die on the spot and it would be worth it. The bliss, the ecstasy--it was everything. It blotted out rationality and common sense leaving nothing but a need that only he could fulfill.

His fingers slid back and forth and the building monsoon at the heart of me made everything spin into one. I wasn't sure where I stopped and he began and I didn't care.

"Come for me," he ordered, ratcheting up to a furious pace. The sounds of my moans and my core sticky and wild whipped around us and I let go with a scream that he smothered with his mouth. My orgasm was magnified as his tongue dove in and swirled about mine. He tasted like sex and peppermint and I cried out as my body slammed and tumbled against him until his kiss became something less ferocious and almost sweet. When my heart stopped racing and my legs stopped shaking, he rounded it off with a peck and took a step back.

Red flushed my cheeks as I stood there awkwardly before bending to pick up my clothes, but watching him gingerly pluck a handkerchief from his breast pocket and clean his fingers stopped me cold. There was a look so hollow on his face--so full of regret. It was a look from nights with too much alcohol and going home with guys who in the light of morning were a colossal mistake.

Oh God. Did he think I was a mistake?

"Mr. Whitmore-"

"If you follow the stairs you'll find your way back to the lobby." His back was taut. I was so confused, but there was no mistaking the remorse in his final words. "I lost myself, Leila. It won't happen again."

****

"Miss Montgomery?" A deep rumble followed the question. "Uh, Leila Montgomery?"

My eyes fluttered and readjusted to the sound of my name and I snapped upright, remembering the feel of his lips against mine, his firm body powering through his sleek suit. I'd fallen asleep in the waiting room.

I glanced down at the magazine sitting on my lap. It was the front of Entrepreneur Monthly and Jacob's aqua eyes bore into me from the cover. When I licked my lips, I could taste him, lusty and powerful. I felt him marching me down that stairwell and having his way with me.

"Miss Montgomery?"

Embarrassment made me turn fifty shades of red as I flashed the secretary behind the desk an apologetic smile. "I'm so sorry. W-What were you saying?"

"Mrs. Delacourt will see you now."

I gave her a small nod and steeled my nerves as I rose to my feet. I gently placed the magazine on the table beside the chair and gave the front of my skirt a nervous sweep. "Of course. I mean, thank you." I forced my shoulders back and straightened my spine as I walked up to the closed conference door. For a moment, I stood looking at the mahogany, wondering if I should just push in or knock.

"You can go on in, sweetie," the secretary said softly. I wasn't sure if it was pity or condescension behind her tone and shook it off at any rate. Yes, she saw me drooling in my seat, but she wasn't the one I had to impress.

I pushed the door open a little too forcefully, creating a gunshot that was heard around the world, and melted into a puddle when saw that the Mrs. Delacourt was sitting beside none other than Jacob Whitmore himself.

Mrs. Delacourt's thin lips formed into a scowl, clearly agitated that she'd actually asked this idiot girl that was hard of hearing and all thumbs in for a job at their company. But Jacob, his face smooth with eyes and lips that made any hot blooded woman swoon, was a blank slate. He was completely unaffected by my clumsiness.

"Quite an entrance, Ms. Rhodes," he said, not even looking up from the manila folder in front of him.

"Sorry," I quickly tried to change the subject, begin again. "I just want to say that I-"

"And quite an impressive resume," he continued, ignoring me completely. "Student council, phi service, honor society, president of several clubs." He let out a sigh and slapped the folder shut. "I'd say the only thing missing is girl scout troop leader or savior of abandoned kittens."

My nostrils flared at the jab. "Excuse me?"

"Your university accolades are commendable, but this isn't a job for most likely to work herself into an early grave," he said, his tone as frosty as the air that flowed from the vents. "You are aware that the position you are applying for is the research aide? Getter of Starbucks? Mistress of Google?"

"Y-Yes," I said, my cheeks going hot again.

"A position you are extraordinarily overqualified for?"

"Yes," I said slowly, taking a step forward. "But I believe that-"

"Perhaps you believe that this could be a-" he raised his massive hands and made quotation marks with his fingers. "-starter job. Something to whet your appetite until something juicier comes along."

Juicier. That word combined with the things he'd done with those fingers made lust flare between my legs. It would have been easy to cross my legs and relieve the pressure if I'd made it to the seat in front of the conference table, but they'd attacked with one of my feet out the door.

"As flattered as I am that you would choose Whitmore and Creighton to pop your cherry, as it were, I have no interest in wasting time training you only to lose it whenever you inevitably leave us."

His words were like a slap across the face, but I pushed away the hurt and indignation for the moment. I'd learned enough about reading people, listening for inflections in their voices, decoding body language and using it, to know that when he glanced at a clock ticking away behind me that I was losing him. When he leaned in to whisper something to Mrs. Delacourt, I knew it was now or never.

I took a step forward. "Clearly you hold this position in high esteem, Mr. Whitmore." He opened his mouth but I blazed through, not letting him derail me. "Why else would the boss sit in on the interview of a lowly research aide?" I said a prayer as I strutted to the seat in front of the table and let out a silent sigh of relief when I didn't stagger or fall on my face. The surprise in those intense eyes emboldened me. Good. I had his attention.

"I know I'm over qualified, Mr. Whitmore. But I'm a perfect fit for this company--you're the best at what you do, and as far back as I can remember, I was the best. I am the best."

I captured his gaze and held onto it for dear life. "I'm applying for the research aide position because it was the only opening you had. I'm passionate about publicity and if I have to scrub toilets to work at the most progressive, tenacious firms in the world, so be it. Because I can't stop, I won't stop until I get exactly what I want." I stopped to catch my breath and saw he was watching me intently. Measuring me. "I'll work nights, weekends-"

He cleared his throat, cutting me off. "That's not necessary. The aide position is Monday through Friday, 8am to 5pm."

Does that mean..."I've got the job?" I looked at Mrs. Delacourt and she turned to look at him, just as surprised as I was.

He rose to his feet, buttoning his jacket. "Maria, expedite her paperwork. I want this one in tomorrow morning."

I leapt to my feet and stepped in his path, jutting out my hand. "Thank you so much, Mr. Whitmore! You won't regret this."

He strode past, not even giving me a second look. I couldn't let him leave without knowing how much this opportunity meant to me, even if a niggling part of me worried that our rendezvous might have something to do with it.

"Mr. Whitmore," I said behind him, trying to keep my voice low. "If I could just get a minute of your time to talk about before-"

He slammed to a stop and I took another step, reaching out toward him. The ice in his voice made my hand hang in the air and my words caught in my throat.

"Give us a moment, Maria."

My interviewer rose from the table without another word. Every inch of her was business in her tailored suit as she strut from the room. The door clicked shut with an ominous thud before silence rushed in.

He pivoted to face me, his features hardened to stone. "I thought you had something to say, Miss Montgomery."

The formal tone in his voice was a blow to my ego, but I didn't show it. Fear would be blood in the water...and he'd eat me alive.

"I just wanted to say thank you for giving me a chance." He perked a brow, not oblivious to the meat of why I really wanted a moment. "And about before-"

"There was no before." He cut deep when he shrugged a shoulder. "If that's all-"

"It most certainly isn't," I interjected. My voice was doing that thing where each word was louder than the last and my frustration hung on each syllable but I kept going. He pretending it was nothing, that I was nothing was more than I could bear. "You marched me downstairs like some petulant child and practically forced yourself on me!"

He let out a cruel laugh. "Oh please, spare me the damsel in distress bit. You wanted it." His eyes dropped to my lips as he took a step forward and god help me but I wouldn't have shoved him away if he kissed me.

"T-That doesn't matter," I said, taking a step backward. "What matters is-"

"It happened," he said savagely, his voice building in candor until it filled the room. "It won't happen again. And that's the end of it!"

I licked my chapped lips, just needing more. Needing something. "But Jacob-"

"You will address me as Mr. Whitmore," he growled over his shoulder. "And we're done."

I watched him go, throwing open the door and stomping away in a huff. I wanted to yell after him. Lay it all out and screw the consequences. Jesus--five minutes in his arms and I was ready to throw it all away.

But Mrs. Delacourt came in and gave me a look that gave me pause. It was one of sympathy, and it opened a box of worms I wasn't prepared for. How many women found themselves alone with him, laid bare and tossed out like trash?

She cleared her throat and held the door for me, wisely changing the subject before either of us could dwell on what was behind her stormy gray eyes. "Come--let's get you squared away."

****

I paused to take a breath, glad that I'd opted for flats for my first day instead of the pumps that Mom kept trying to force onto my feet.

They'll elongate your legs, she insisted. And they're slimming!

Considering the manager of the research division must have been Wile E. the Coyote in a past life, tennis shoes would have been one better. I'd run the circuit around the expansive research and lead development office so many times I was surprised I hadn't worn in the fibers. And then there were coffee orders and breakfast bagels and dashing in and out of the Whitmore building. Going up and down in an elevator should have been less work but I huffed and puffed like I took the stairs.

I hadn't the time to meet my fellow grunts, but I did know that the manager, Christy, snapped her finger at a mousy girl with inky hair and cleared her throat at a middle aged man with spiky blond locks and a bright blue tie so I'd affectionately named them Snap Girl and Spike. When Christy and I spun back into the room with our cart of outgoing mail, both looked at me with pity before turning back to their work.

Christy turned to face me and there was no pity on her hawk like features. "Come along, Lily."

"It's 'Leila'," I cut at her, smoothing it over with a smile when she frowned at the correction.

She waited for me to catch up before continuing to a wall lined with lcd screens. Each was filled with documents and memos and the names and documents changed every couple of seconds or so.

"I know it looks complicated," Christy said, eyes on the screen. "But it certainly doesn't take an Ivy League education to figure out." I bristled at the jab and she stopped to give me a hardly sympathetic smile before continuing. "Now, if you'll take a look at-"

Snap Girl cleared her throat behind us. "Uh, Mrs. Moore-"

"If it's a page for me just hold it until I'm done with, Lauren," Christy snapped.

I opened my mouth to correct her, but someone beat me to the punch.

"It's Leila."

Both of us whipped our heads to face the smoky voice.

"You!" I gasped, my eyes locking onto him. Jacob looked like something out of GQ in a charcoal gray suit that fit him like sin. A pale blue tie against his white shirt made his eyes glitter. "What are you--why are you-"

"Mr. Whitmore!" Christy said quickly, pushing in front of me like I was some royal embarrassment. "I wasn't expecting-"

Her babbling became an unpleasant buzz in my ear and then it was nothing, nothing but his eyes smoldering and every inch of me humming with awareness of him. My whole body tingled--my shoulders beneath my silk blouse, the area at the back of my knees, my toes. I couldn't help but imagine throwing my arms around his sturdy neck and feeling his hands run against the curve of my bottom as he lifted me up. I couldn't help but wonder if his swell would thump and dance for the freedom we both crave.

My secret desires must have been all over my face because the side of his mouth curved upward slightly and he broke the trance, turning to Christy.

"I'm afraid I owe you an apology, Mrs. Moore."

She looked at him like he'd grown a second head. "You do?"

"You'll be down an associate until a replacement for Miss Montgomery can be found."

Great. He was firing me? My throat was dry as sandpaper. I was so close. I couldn't lose this job. An alarm went off in my head and I opened my mouth to beg, grovel if need be, but he held up a finger, silencing me.

"I have another position that would be perfect for our new employee."

Now I was the one looking at him strangely. "You do?"

"Yes. Come with me."

I hesitated, not missing the look of disdain behind Christy's dark eyes before I hustled behind my boss. I had so many questions, but as I watched his muscular frame move beneath his slick suit, everything melted away except for his body. My gaze washed over his shoulders then down the muscular expanse of his back.

Stop it, I chastised myself, looking away. He told me to never speak of that day again. Clearly he thinks it was as big a mistake as I do.

We pushed into the elevator and I stood awkwardly beside him, chewing on my lip. The quiet, the not knowing, along with the close proximity of him was maddening.

"I'm being considered for another position?" I let out hoarsely.

"Yes."

"What position?"

"A highly paid one."

I cocked my head at him. "And what highly paid position am I being considered for?"

"Personal assistant." He adjusted his tie. "My personal assistant."

I opened my mouth to protest, but remembered my whole spiel about 'scrubbing toilets'. After all, from mailroom clerk to personal assistant in four hours was pretty impressive. It probably didn't hurt that I'd let him fondle me yesterday. Ashamed, I swallowed the rest of my questions and dropped my head. I still felt his eyes dance over me.

"You worry that this promotion is due to our time together, don't you?"

I didn't respond, looking forward stubbornly as I remembered how he snapped at me when I dared to bring it up. I had a feeling he already knew the answer, but I nodded anyway.

"A verbal response would be appreciated, Leila." It wasn't a request.

Red gripped my cheeks, but indignation made me whip to face him. "I don't know--are we talking about it today? Or is it still our dirty little secret?"

His body tightened at my snide remark. "Answer the question, Leila. Do you think I'm promoting you because of what we did together yesterday?"

"Yes," I said, barely above a whisper.

"I see."

The cabin came to a stop and the doors pushed open and the wow that rose in my throat came spilling out. My guilt over how I secured my position faded away as I took in the posh executive suite. While the lobby had wooden statement pieces and glass sculptures and the other floors were lined with mahogany with postmodern desks and Pollock paintings, the suite employed less is more with crisp white walls and marble floors. The only color came at the end of the corridor, the secretary's desk a soft sandalwood.

We took stock of each other, she perching a brow at my ensemble and me craving the white shift she wore.

"Hold all my calls, Natasha."

The surprise on her face spoke volumes but she managed a 'yes sir' and I gave her a smug look before following Jacob into his office.

The elegance that permeated through the rest of the building blossomed in Jacob's abode. Wood carvings hung on the white walls and splashes of color were found in the chaise in the corner, and a minibar on the opposite side. Behind a cherry wood desk, all the colors of the bustling city sparkled behind the floor to ceiling window. I felt the life pulsing through the glass, so close and vibrant that I could reach out and touch it. He didn't even break his stride, immediately moving to retrieve something from his desk.

He handed me the device and when I pressed the button to bring the screen up, I saw a scanned electronic contract.

He walked to the front of the desk and leaned against the edge. "Feel free to read through it in its entirety. A copy was also emailed to the address we have for you on file."

I was far from fluent in legalese but when I scanned over it, words like non-disclosure agreement stuck out at me. Made sense. For all the pictures determined photogs snapped of him and his flavor of the weeks, none of the women ever gave a tell-all account.

I bit my lip. How long until he got tired of me?

"I can give you the highlights," he said after a moment. "As my personal assistant, you will be given a healthy salary along with a clothing and travel allowance. In addition to any administrative needs I may require, you will make yourself available as my submissive."

Submissive. The word sent a wave of longing through me. I'd always been curious about the lifestyle, the leather, the domination, the taboo. BDSM definitely wasn't a term I'd ever associate with Jacob Whitmore, though. I gave it all away, my features frozen in shock. His, however remained unchanged.

"You are familiar with the term submissive? With BDSM?"

He said it so offhandedly casual, like he was talking about weather that I couldn't help but chuckle. Uncomfortably.

"Yes. I mean, I do. I mean, I was..." I let my voice trail off and dropped my eyes to the plush carpet beneath my feet. So soft and pliant--a stark contrast to his coldly confidant request. His 'contract'.

"Good," he said, unaffected by my obvious discomfort. "That means your period of adjustment should be small."

I kicked at the carpet with my toe. I think he overestimated my ability to go with the flow. Fifteen minutes ago I was learning I should be seen and not heard and ready to be run like a gopher and now the CEO of the hottest PR firm in the country wanted to bring me on as his personal assistant and private...sub. My head was swimming and when I saw the salary, with all the zeroes tacked on the end, I nearly fainted. It was enough to easily pay off my student loans. In like, 3 months. I'd been budgeting for an apartment, but it would be easy peasy for me to qualify for a house in less than a year.

"I-Is this number correct?" I glanced back up at him. "It must be some sort of typo."

"The salary is correct." His voice darkened. "And don't worry, you'll earn every cent."

Gulp. "I, uh, as far as the interview?"

The smile at his lips didn't touch his eyes. "It's more of a...working interview. If you are prepared, we can begin now."

Now? I thought, panic making me grip the arm of the chair. He wanted me to submit here, with the secretary right outside?

He looked at me intently. "You are under no obligation to me yet, Leila. If you are uninterested in the position, you can sever your employment with Whitmore and Creighton."

I thought back to the frenetic, perfectly normal and unexcited job I'd started off this morning. "I couldn't go back to R and D?"

He clucked his tongue and slowly shook his head. "Oh no, Leila. We both know it was an extensive waste of your talent."

My nostrils flared at that. So I didn't have a choice. I had to do anything he wanted me to or it was back to want ads and disappointment. I was getting a bout of dejavu and his self-contentment made me slump. It was almost like he was challenging me...wanting me to prove that I could handle the unconventional bargain. His will for a hefty paycheck. I had a feeling I wasn't the first girl propositioned by the handsome billionaire and made an offer that was impossible to refuse.

"You know this isn't fair, right?" I said pointedly. "That you're giving me no choice?"

His eyes hardened to ice. "Of course you have a choice. You can submit to me and be paid handsomely for it, or you can walk back through that door without consequences."

I kept my eyes on him, trying to hold tight to my anger but I felt it slipping between my fingers as I mulled it over. Would it really be so terrible? This was my dream job. And how many times had I flipped through glossy pages, green with envy at shots of Jacob shirtless with some woman in St. Barts, or decked out at a movie premiere?

"O-Okay," I whispered, nerves making the word quiver.

"Look at me," he commanded. His baritone voice roped me in and his steely gaze held me tight. "I want you to say it again--and be sure."

I obeyed, even though a little part of me was screaming that this was crazy. But there was another part, a piece of me that was inexplicably drawn to him; that wanted more of him, all of him--and was begging me to say the word.

"I am sure. Yes." I'm not sure what magic helped me put one foot in front of the other and take the tablet and scrawl my name on the dotted line, but my signature shone up at me. When he took the device from me, his finger brushed mine and I shivered.

His face didn't betray a thing, but he did clear his throat and break contact before turning away. "Very well." He walked over to a minibar and opened the cabinet. He slowly poured a brown liquid into a glass and brought it to his lips. He wheeled back to face me and his eyes darted over me. Up and down, devouring every inch. Teasing me.

He took another sip then placed it back on the table. "Take off your clothes."

"Now?" I said, visibly surprised by his request. "Here?"

"I don't like to repeat myself, Leila," he said sternly.

For the briefest moment I heard my mother's voice telling me to always wear my 'good' underwear. Always be prepared. But I only had a few pieces of clothing that would qualify and naturally, today wasn't the day I picked to wear any of them. Maybe if I knew my boss was gonna make me strip...

I squared my shoulders and stood up tall, making sure I didn't lock my knees. Collapsing would be the cherry on top of a truly bizarre day.

My fingers worked down the front of my blouse, sliding over button by button until it hung open in the front. I hesitated then shrugged it off my shoulders. The cool of the office and his steely glare sent goose bumps over my flesh. I didn't have it in me to unclasp my bra so I moved to my skirt, unhooking the top then slowly sliding the zipper down, peeling off the layer of black polyester until it joined my shirt at my ankles. My hands dropped to my crotch, my cheeks a flame at the comic strip boy shorts I'd settled on earlier this morning.

When I glanced up I saw bemusement in his crystal eyes, but his lips were a firm line. "Continue."

I squeezed my eyelids shut and gave him a crisp nod before I roped my arm around and unhooked my bra. My br**sts bounced free and I quickly shimmied out of my underwear and tried futilely to slouch and cover my nakedness from him.

"Hands down." It was more of a moot point since he'd bridged the distance between us and physically brought my hands to my sides. I found myself simultaneously thrilled and terrified at what he had in store. Did he have a drawerful of odds and ends that he could taunt and tease and push my limits with? Or maybe he'd tie me up with that bolt of fabric at his neck and breathe in my helplessness before he took me.

It was true that I was familiar with bdsm, or had dated a man who fashioned himself as a Dominant but the extent of our kinky play was rough sex and calling him sir. Everything else I knew came from romance novels and that made me nervous. Excited, but nervous as hell. And he read me just like a book.

"You are uncomfortable."

It was a statement--and the gospel truth. I didn't trust my voice so I just gave him a slow nod.

"Are you self-conscious...or afraid of me?"

Even though there was a clear power disparity with him squarely in the lead and me on my knees, there was something raw and vulnerable in his voice. It was ripe with worry that it was fear of him that made me tremble.

I looked up into his devastatingly handsome face, all the right angles focused on me and even though I'd only met him yesterday, I knew that he'd never hurt me.

I swallowed. "S-Self-conscious."

He cupped his chin for a moment, mulling over my response before he glanced past me, gesturing at an alcove in the corner of his office where a dark brown chaise stood comfortably against the wall. "Go have a seat. And relax."

I plodded over, trying to ignore his eyes on my back. I found myself squeezing my butt muscles, making a solemn swear. Skim milk lattes. With no whip.

As I sank onto the chaise, I couldn't help but relax against the pillow-like fabric. How did he get anything done in this office? I'd always be camped out on this thing.

"Swing your legs up." That half smile tugged at my heartstrings. "Get the full effect."

I swept my legs up and let out an audible moan with a giggle tacked onto the end. This whole thing was crazy. Unreal. And this chair was magic. All the rough edges were smoothed and massaged away. Was this a taste of the luxury that was in store?

He appeared at the foot of it, all amusement gone from his face. "Raise up your knees and spread your legs. Wide enough so I can see you." His eyes darkened with lust. "All of you."

The quiet part of me that felt unworthy, unattractive, and flat out unsexy made me slowly draw my legs up, giving him every opportunity to change his mind. But there was no pause behind his stance and when my eyes darted down I saw the tented front of his pants. He was hard. Hard for me.

"And touch yourself," he said and even though he didn't move a muscle, I could see the struggle at his crotch.

I still blanched at his request and immediately gawked at my silliness. I mean, I could let him finger me before we had a coffee or anything, but me doing something perfectly natural was out of the question?

"Is there a problem?" he asked curtly.

I let out an awkward laugh and gripped onto my trembling knees. It didn't help much--now my whole body was shaking. When I glanced up at him, I shot my eyes back down. It was crazy, but I didn't want to disappoint him.

He placed his hand over mine and his warm touch sent a jolt through my system and I flexed my fingers, my heart leaping in my chest as he intertwined his fingers with mine.

"I want you," he said firmly and I didn't have to find validation. I felt it. "But if you're not ready to submit to me now, I'm a patient man." He pulled his hand away and strode to his desk. I watched him punch a button on his phone. "Natasha, please call the boutique on 6th and let them know I'm sending Miss Montgomery over before the flight to Venice."

I leapt to my feet. "Uh, what? Boutique? Venice?"

"Yes," he replied, lowering himself into his seat. "Press junket for one of our trouble clients. I'm sure you're familiar with her? Child star? Crashed and burned as soon as she hit 18? This is her first serious role since she was released from rehab and you're accompanying me to the film festival to keep her on the straight and narrow and ensure all press is good press."

Five seconds ago he was asking me to finger myself and now I was flying to Europe? "I can't just go to Europe!"

He didn't even look up. "You have a passport, yes?"

"Well yeah, but I-"

"All expenses will be paid, of course. When you're not essential you'll be free to see the sights or whatever your heart desires."

I stood with my mouth hanging open, not sure if I should pinch myself. I turned to gather my clothes. If I was dreaming, I didn't want to wake up.

"Leave the clothes."

I shot him a look. "I'm certainly not gonna traipse around in-"

"Beneath the chaise."

I frowned and bent at the knee, pulling out a long white box tucked under the chaise. I shook it like a kid at Christmas before easing the top off. Tucked inside a sheer sheet of tissue paper was a sleek black trench coat with the tag still on it. "I can't keep this! It cost more than a month's rent."

"As my assistant, you're an extension of me," he said sternly. "It means you must look the part, Leila."

I fingered the expensive fabric for a moment before slowly pulling it on. The inside felt like cashmere on my skin and I couldn't stop the smile that crept across my face.

The phone on his desk beeped and the sultry voice of his secretary floated around the room. "Mr. Whitmore, your car has arrived."

"Thank you." He slid back from his desk and walked toward me. His hand found mine and when his lips pressed against my knuckles, I closed my eyes, committing the tender moment to memory. As I followed him out his office and toward the executive elevator, I couldn't quiet the voice that told me that saying yes to Jacob Whitmore could cost me a lot more than my job.

