1

They were Gods among men, thought Penny McDaniel with a private swoon as the Buchanan brothers walked past her, completely oblivious to the fact that Penny had been working for them for at least six months now and had undoubtedly passed her in the halls numerous times without noticing.

Nolan and Vince Buchanan had been born to money but they'd managed to do well on their own with Buchanan Enterprises. And why wouldn't they? Razor sharp in business, hotter than Georgia asphalt, and built like...well, Gods, they were destined for success.

Penny liked to think of herself as smart, reasonably attractive and capable - however, most people, men in particular, simply saw a chubby girl with dark hair and glasses.

In other words, those of the opposite sex rarely noticed her at all.

So was she surprised that both Nolan and Vince had completely overlooked one of their many accountants? Not really. Likely to them, she was simply another bean counter - and an uninteresting one at that.

The thing was, the Buchanan brothers never suffered a drought when it came to finding a gorgeous woman to place on their arm or in their bed but they'd managed to escape the marriage lasso in spite of the ardent attempts of a select few.

Penny ducked her gaze when Nolan's gaze suddenly swung her way while speaking with a colleague and her cheeks heated although it was highly unlikely that he'd even noticed her staring at him as if he were a fully-loaded Chicago-style pizza. But oh, goodness gracious, if he could read her mind! Well, she'd be fired, Penny thought wryly. She daydreamed of impossible scenarios; ones that were shameful and best left in the secret confines of her imagination, and would likely send her tumbling into hell for even allowing them into the theater of her mind. But, ohhhh...she stifled a sigh. Was it so wrong that she longed to personally count the ridges in Nolan's stomach with her tongue? How did she know he had washboard abs? She'd had the honor of delivering some important paperwork to Nolan's personal office and while she'd been disappointed the office had been empty, she'd consoled herself with a short peek at the personal photos on his desk. And one had been of him and some skinny beach blonde who looked as if a piece of rice would get stuck in her throat if she chanced to eat one.

Based upon the women Vince and Nolan squired about town, it was Penny's guess that they preferred bones over curves and while it was certainly their prerogative, it did give Penny a painful pinch to be found completely out of their league.

Before she realized it, an unhappy sigh escaped her as she returned to her numbers and ledgers.

"Something the matter, Miss McDaniel," a smooth voice interrupted her and she startled when she realized Vince was leaning on her cubicle, watching her with those gorgeous dark eyes. She swallowed but it felt as if all the spit in her mouth had dried up and all she could do was stare like an idiot. "Everything okay?" he asked, his smooth brow furrowing when she continued to gape at him.

"F-fine," she managed to stutter, pushing her glasses higher on her nose and wishing she'd paid more attention to her wardrobe choice that morning. Why hadn't she worn something...less bookish? Sure, she was a bookkeeper but she didn't always have to look the part, right? She fluttered her hands down her slacks and curled her toes inside her no-nonsense flats. If he were to mentally undress her, he'd find a boring white bra and beige panties - beige! Of all boring colors - surprise! Ugh. Why hadn't she purchased that racy red and black number she'd seen on the mannequin at Feisty, her favorite full-figured store on the mall? At least even if no one was tearing her clothes off with their teeth, she would know that beneath all those drab conservative clothes of a sensible accountant a wild woman was hiding, just waiting for the right moment to pounce.

The truth was, although she longed for adventure, she was almost painfully shy, which went perfectly with the accountant stereotype that she hated. Yet, as she was well aware, stereotypes existed for a reason: because there was often a veneer of truth clinging to them.

"You don't talk much do you?" Vince remarked when Penny had offered a tremulous smile instead of engaging in a conversation.

She talked all the time - to herself and her cat (Ack! Another stereotype!) - but the prospect of holding a casual conversation with one of the hottest men she'd ever laid eyes upon was a bit daunting and had turned her into a complete mental case. It was a damn miracle she hadn't started drooling onto her spreadsheet. Somehow she recovered her sense long enough to say, "Just trying to stay busy, Mr. Buchanan. I mean, I have plenty of work to keep me busy, of course," she amended with a hot blush. Great. She'd just insinuated that she didn't have enough work, which was the exact opposite. "I love working for Buchanan Enterprises. Best job ever. I swear." She cringed at the verbal vomit falling from her mouth but she couldn't seem to stop. His eyes were impossibly dark, and might she add, sinfully sexy. She could happily drown in that stare. "I would work overtime if I could."

He chuckled at her ridiculous statement as if he knew she was simply babbling but he didn't seem to hold it against her. In fact, he simply winked and said, "Keep up the good work" before pushing off her cubicle wall and going on his hot, merry way.

Penny felt her cheeks and sure enough, they were warm enough to suggest a furious blush was blooming in her face, likely making her look as if she'd just spent two hours in the sun. She fanned herself and drew a deep breath to clear her head. Vince Buchanan had spoken to her. So what? Big deal. What? Are you nuts? A voice screeched. It's a very big deal.

A smile slowly spread across her lips as she savored the moment, even if it'd been short-lived and frankly, a little embarrassing.

Maybe she wasn't invisible after all...maybe...but just as the questions started trickling in, a lithe blonde that Penny had seen before at the office strolled through the front doors and made a beeline straight for Nolan's office. She didn't check in with reception or deign to make pleasant conversation with anyone as she blew by. In the face of all that physical perfection, Penny's daydreams fizzled to the pleasantness of a wet fart. The door closed behind the woman and Penny couldn't stop wondering what she and Nolan did behind closed doors. Likely everything.

Everything Penny had never really tried.

She fidgeted with her mechanical pencil, depressing the lever to advance the lead and then pressing the lead back into the canister, fighting against a twinge of jealousy. Penny had never...well, it wasn't that she...okay, so she was still the Big V. Her father had always told her to guard her "treasure" as he'd blushingly put it during that excruciatingly embarrassing conversation about the birds and the bees when she'd been fifteen and thus far, she'd guarded her treasure so well, no one had been able to find it much less steal it.

Was she complete and utter trash that her curiosity about sex had turned into a raging obsession? She longed to know why people were willing to sacrifice their dignity or their marriages - even their livelihood! - for sex. Once, she'd touched herself down there but even as it had been pleasurable, afterwards she'd been swamped by feelings of shame and humiliation for being so wanton as to give into the curiosity about something that ought to be saved for marriage.

But truthfully, even as she hoped to find a man to give her treasure, she knew with a certainty, the man who plucked her cherry would likely not look like Vince or Nolan Buchanan.

Her gaze strayed to Gilbert, another accountant in their department. The man was nice enough with a pleasant smile but his hands were a bit knobbish, which suited his thin frame, she supposed, and he was most certainly going bald, even though he tried to hide it (unsuccessfully) with a comb-over. To compound matters, Gilbert had asked her out on a date that she hadn't agreed to yet but she knew she probably would. She withheld a sigh. Likely, a man like Gilbert would be the one to discover what was hidden beneath her boring beige panties. It wasn't that she was hung up on appearances as such, but she wanted passion and wild debauchery at some level in her love life and she knew without looking too hard, that Gilbert wasn't the wild man she sought.

Suddenly, Nolan's door opened and the blonde walked out, her eyes were wet and she was storming from the building as if her ass was on fire.

Penny averted her eyes and pretended to focus on her work but her mind was conjuring all kinds of scenarios that were far more interesting than the balance sheets she was supposed to be formulating. Nolan must've ended it with Beautiful Blonde. Not surprising, Penny thought, speculating. Nolan seemed to have an issue with commitment. The bevy of beauties came and went but never stayed. She straightened as Nolan appeared at the door, his gaze following the angry blonde as if contemplating chasing after her. But as Penny watched, holding her breath at the mini drama, she was secretly relieved when he simply watched her go. Nolan's gaze tangled with Penny's and the breath she'd been holding evaporated as her lungs simply ceased to work. Nolan was...electric. That was the only word to describe him. He was different from Vince in that he was a dirty blonde but he had that same intensity as his brother that made Penny weak in the knees every time. She may have made a short squeak of alarm at being caught so brazenly staring at him because Nolan's stare narrowed before returning to his office and closing the door. Penny gasped in dismay. How stupid of her to openly stare at her boss like that. Had she made him uncomfortable? Had she appeared weird? Probably no weirder than when Vince had tried to talk with her and she'd babbled like a talking monkey. She dropped her head into her hands and groaned. Why couldn't she just find a nice, normal boyfriend to keep her thoughts occupied so she could stop caring so much about the Buchanan brothers and their various escapades? She dragged her pile of spreadsheets toward her with a miserable frown and resigned herself to working late and putting the Buchanans out of her head for the night.

That Saturday, Penny found herself summoned to the Buchanans' on an urgent errand by her supervisor. The summons itself wasn't shocking, as George was always using Penny as his personal assistant in a blatant abuse of power, but when George admitted that Vince had asked for her specifically, her jaw dropped. "Why me?" she'd asked.

"I don't know," George answered, his tone nervous. "But you'll call me if they start asking questions, right?"

"Questions about what?" Penny asked, confused.

"Just...I don't know...like how I run the department and such. You'll call, right?"

Penny almost giggled. George was probably dropping a load in his pants right about now and she wasn't above enjoying his fear just a little because he deserved it. If anyone should be running that department, it was Gilbert and not George but Gilbert was non-confrontational and George was a bully. "Sure," Penny lied. "But I'm sure it's nothing. Don't worry."

"Right, of course," George said, but his voice held a subtle shake, which made Penny curious as to what George was really afraid of. Maybe George was doing stuff he shouldn't with company money. Wouldn't surprise Penny in the least. George was a pig who liked to play in other people's pigpen. And when Penny called him a pig...she was being generous to him and unfair to the pig. "You know the address?" he asked.

"Of course," she murmured. The Buchanans owned a beautiful estate outside of town that technically belonged to their grandfather but he was in a nursing home and had already left everything to his grandsons in his living will. "I'd better get going. They want me there by eight."

She disconnected with George and hurriedly went to her closet. Thank God, she'd shaved her legs and armpits that morning and on a whim, had actually trimmed up the hair around her lady parts. Just thinking about it, made her blush so she returned to her wardrobe. What should she wear? Would it matter? Likely, neither men would look twice at her any more than they'd spend time taking a second look at a utilitarian lamp or desk. She bit her lip and stared at her clothes, wishing heartily that she'd been more daring in her shopping choices. Not a single red or racy thing in there, she thought unhappily. Oh, so what? It wasn't as if wearing something daring would suddenly cause them to overlook her bountiful curves to ravish her right there in the foyer of their grand mansion. A delicious shiver danced along her spine at the very idea. Did that actually happen to people? God, she hoped so. She dearly wanted to be ravished at least once in her life. She grabbed the least conservative blouse she owned and paired it with a pair of jeans she'd reserved for going out with friends and after dabbing a little make-up here and there, she headed out.

The Buchanan mansion was like something out of a movie - as in perfect and imposing - and for a long moment Penny simply stared at the sprawling behemoth of a house, wondering how in the hell they didn't get lost just trying to find their way to the bathroom at night. Snapping her mouth shut when she realized it had gaped, she grabbed her business satchel that held her supplies (paper, computer, pen, etc.) and knocked on the massive double oak door with her heart in her mouth.

To her surprise, Vince answered the door himself when she'd been expecting a servant. "Ah, come on in, Miss McDaniel," he said, greeting her far more warmly than she would've imagined for a mere employee such as herself. She smiled nervously and followed him into the house. "We're so glad you could come. I'm sorry to have pulled you away from your weekend but this couldn't wait."

"No worries," she murmured with a braver smile. She found herself completely charmed by his easy-going manner even if in the back of her mind, she was ripping his underwear off with her teeth. She blushed furiously at the thought and stammered, "I-I'm always available for you. I mean, for the business. If you have business that needs attention, of course." More rambling. Fabulous. Penny calmed herself and tried again, saying in a more reasonable tone, "I don't mind picking up some additional hours if I'm needed."

"Great. You are definitely needed," Vince said with a wider grin. "Follow me. Nolan is waiting for us in the den."

Penny couldn't stop her gaze from going straight to Vince's perfect behind as she followed him dutifully through the large house. His tush was something angels probably sang about. It was nicely rounded with plenty of muscle but lean, too. Frankly, Penny wanted to take a bite out of it. She swallowed and focused on being professional and polite when her hormones were starting to do terrible things to her ability to remain either of those things. Would it be totally out of line to beg Vince or Nolan - or both! - to throw her down on the sofa and plunder her body like two pirates bent on obliterating her precious treasure?

Good lord. She was going to hell. But before that, she was going to get fired. Get a hold of yourself, she chastised the inner vixen clawing and scratching and bellowing to be free. Her poor dead father would likely turn five different shades of mortified if he knew the thoughts Penny was having right that moment about her hunky bosses. I'm sorry, Papa! But they're gorgeous!

Nolan was standing with his back to them, staring out the darkened window with a drink in his hand. He turned when they entered the room and drained his glass before heading to the bar for another. Perhaps he was still eaten up over his break-up with Beautiful Blonde, though it seemed out of character for the man who could easily replace the woman without blinking an eye. "Would you like a drink?" Nolan asked, pausing long enough to shoot her an assessing glance that she felt down to her toes. Had he just...no, impossible. She was most definitely imagining things if she thought Nolan Buchanan had just slid his gaze over her curves as if wishing she were standing there in her skin. She realized she hadn't answered and stammered a polite refusal even though a shot of whiskey might steady her nerves. The last thing she wanted to appear was unprofessional. Then, he graced her with a brief, yet charming smile, and said, "Are you sure? No one here will mind, I assure you."

She glanced at Vince and he nodded in agreement. Bolstered by their apparent approval, she amended her previous answer. "If you don't mind," she said, watching their reactions as she quickly clarified. "I mean, I never drink on the job. Of course, I've never worked from someone's home either but the same rules apply I would assume."

He chuckled and handed her a short glass with a finger of something dark. She took an exploratory sip and nearly choked. "What is this?" she gasped, feeling as if her lungs were seizing. A slow burn began creeping up her throat and suffusing her body nicely. When she could breathe again, she murmured with a shaky smile, "Oh, I guess that's not too bad. I'm not used to the good stuff, apparently."

"Scotch, even the good stuff, can be an acquired taste," Nolan said, lifting his drink in a toast and then drained his glass. Vince accepted a glass from Nolan as they both took their seat and gestured for her to do the same. She wanted to slide in between the two brothers but she demurely took a seat across from them in a large, overstuffed chair that nearly swallowed her, which was a feat seeing as she wasn't what one would call a petite flower of a girl.

"So what can I help you with?" she asked, pushing her glasses further on her nose to regard them with what she hoped appeared to be a professional and capable stare.

"Penny...we have a job proposal for you. A business partnership, if you will, that we think you would be perfectly suited for," Vince began as he quickly shared a look with Nolan. "We've searched a long time for the perfect candidate and well, we can't think of anyone we'd rather enjoy this particular partnership with than you."

"Me?" she repeated, her brow furrowing. "Why me?"

"We've been watching you for quite some time," Vince admitted.

"Watching me?" Penny repeated, confused. "I don't understand."

"Well, first, let's talk about your qualifications," Nolan said. She nodded, openly perplexed. She felt decidedly out of her element and pushed her glasses further on the bridge of her nose out of nervousness. "You're funny, quick-witted, with a dry sense of humor that suits our personalities; you're smart and quick to learn; but aside from all that...your most valued asset is...your gorgeous body."

Penny stared. Were they mocking her? Was this a joke? Her lip trembled but she managed to keep the tears at bay. Somehow she'd thought those days where she was the brunt of everyone's jokes were over. Suddenly the painful memories of high school rose to jeer at her and the Buchanan brothers were no different than the jocks who had thrown food at her in the cafeteria while making pig noises. She rose stiffly and clutched her satchel tightly as she said, lifting her chin. "I may not be as beautiful as the women who usually parade in and out of your lives but I'm pretty in my own way and I don't deserve to be mocked by you. Goodnight, Mr. and Mr. Buchanan."

"Who says we are mocking you? We've said nothing that wasn't true," Nolan said quietly, his intense gaze causing her to falter. He leaned forward, pinning her with that gaze. "Hasn't anyone ever told you how beautiful you are?"

"N-no...well, I mean, my dad, but I don't think that's who you mean," she answered. "You think I'm...beautiful?"

"Let me amend my choice of words," Nolan said. "I think you're drop-dead, fucking gorgeous with a soft curvy body that was made for a man's cock. I've laid in bed fantasizing about what I'd like to do to you, Miss McDaniel. Does that sound like someone who's interested in mocking you or fucking you?" His brow arched when she gasped at his bold choice of words. She swallowed, her cheeks heating as the insides of her stomach did a funny flop. She ought to leave. Her boss shouldn't talk to her like that. It was improper and wrong. Probably illegal, too. But she liked it. Goodness gracious, she liked it. And she wanted to hear more just like it. She sank down in the chair, waiting. Nolan's lips curved in a sensual grin as he shared a look with Vince. "Here's the situation, Miss McDaniel...we want you. And we're willing to pay for the privilege."

What did he just say? His proposal shook her out of her shocked reverie. "Excuse me? Are you asking if I'll be your...whore?" Her cheeks burned. "I'm not that kind of girl. Why would you think that I would be? Just because I'm overweight? Would you ask any of your little blonde bombshells to agree to such a proposal?" she asked.

"Of course not," Nolan answered, shocking her silent with as he added, "Because they weren't worthy."

Penny couldn't help but think of the blonde that had stormed from the office, tears wetting her face and ruining her perfect make up job. "What about your girlfriend?" she asked.

Nolan frowned. "I am not dating anyone." Suddenly awareness washed over his expression and he chuckled as he clarified for Penny's benefit. "Mary Alice was not my girlfriend, not that she didn't have hopes but in the end, the only service I was interested in from her was her skill as an attorney. Unfortunately, her ego was bruised when I turned down her advances."

"You turned her down? Why?" Penny couldn't help but ask.

"She wasn't my type," Nolan answered, a slow grin spreading across his mouth. "She's all bone and sharp points. I like a woman beneath me who is soft and yielding, not hard and skeletal. I crave a woman with a body like yours."

Penny sucked in a tight breath. This felt surreal. She surreptitiously pinched herself to make sure she wasn't dreaming. Ouch. Nope. Not dreaming. But definitely in the hottest Twilight Zone episode ever. Maybe she was in a coma somewhere. Vince joined the conversation, pulling her attention from Nolan. "Penny, are you a fan of literature or history?" he asked.

"Um, yeah, a little bit," she answered. "Why?"

"What we propose is something similar to the days when men kept mistresses," he explained as if it were perfectly natural to suggest such a thing when in fact, it shocked Penny to her toes. "Or courtesans," he added. "The gentleman kept their mistress in fine style while they enjoyed her services and then when their relationship came to a natural conclusion, she was gifted generously. My brother and I are interested in a similar arrangement with you." Penny could only stare. This was crazy. And yet...there was something startlingly arousing about the whole sordid deal. Vince must've sensed her reluctant interest and pressed a little harder. "We are wealthy men. We would lavish you with anything you desired as long as you were our girl. And, to answer your next question, yes, you would belong to us both and there would be times when we'd expect you to accommodate us both at the same time."

Penny's eyes bugged. Both? How was that possible? It's true she was a virgin but she had a basic grasp of the act...suddenly her eyes widened. "Do you mean...one in my mouth and one..." her cheeks bloomed with heat and her insides became slick and warm when Vince and Nolan shared a conspiratorial laugh. "Oh." She nodded, desperately aroused at the very idea. She squirmed a little in her seat. "I see."

"Or perhaps one in your sweet ass while the other takes your pussy," Nolan suggested, almost conversationally. "I've been told that's a particularly pleasurable way for a woman to enjoy two cocks."

"Would you like that?" Vince asked, watching her keenly.

"I don't know," she answered truthfully, peeping at the brothers through her lashes. "I've never actually...well, what I mean to say is...I've never...no one has..."

"You're a virgin?" Nolan asked, his eyes lighting with glee. "No one has ever been between those lovely thighs as of yet?"

Penny swallowed and shook her head. "No, I never found anyone I thought worthy of my tr-" she stopped herself before calling her cherry her treasure "my virginity," she finished.

"Do you consider us worthy?" Vince asked.

God, yes. She could only dream of giving herself up to a man like either of the Buchanan brothers. She nodded shyly and both Vince and Nolan grinned with open delight. Were they really discussing this as if it were a possibility? Yes. Because Penny was actually considering their offer. "Let's say I agree to this crazy idea...I would have terms as well," she ventured, gauging their reactions.

"By all means," Vince said. "A negotiation. Please continue."

She drew a deep breath. "If I'm to become your courtesan, you cannot date or have sex with anyone else. It's not a jealousy thing but I don't want to worry about disease or anything like that."

"Fair enough. Of course, we would ask the same. The only cocks you will take into your body will be ours," Nolan said and she nodded in dazed agreement that they were even discussing something so personal and bizarre. Nolan's gaze danced with carnal mischief as he asked. "Have you ever sucked a cock?" When Penny shook her head, he smiled, announcing, "Then we shall teach you to suck and swallow. There's nothing sexier than watching a woman take a load straight down her throat." He leaned forward, his eyes glittering with open desire. "And I can't wait to watch you swallow for me, sweet girl. I have a feeling you're going to love it."

"And how do you know that?" Penny asked, afraid to exhale.

"Because I can see it in your eyes and in your body language. You're fairly squirming in your chair. My guess is that if I stuck my finger between your hot pussy folds, my finger would slide in nice and sweet because you're drenched with desire. The reason you haven't given your virginity to anyone yet is because deep down you knew they couldn't give you what you needed. But we can. Sweetheart, by the time your contract is up, you'll be a changed woman. I guarantee it. And much richer, I might add."

It was as if Nolan had read her heart and discovered its secrets. It was true; she'd never truly found anyone she felt could satisfy that itch deep within her. Somehow she'd known that a half-hearted, grunting poke in the dark wasn't going to fulfill her need to be devoured. She needed someone with an appetite that rivaled her own, even if she hadn't known what that appetite would consist of. She hungered for something she'd never known but she knew with a certainty that as she stared at the brothers, they would deliver everything they promised...and more.

There was a sensual dangerousness about them that took her breath away and frightened her at the same time. The heady combination was intoxicating. Add to the mix their gorgeous bodies and heart-stopping masculine beauty and it was a powder keg of hot, sexual possibility that she was helpless to ignore.

"How much?" she whispered, her heart thundering in her chest.

"Seven hundred thousand for a year of your service. We will provide you with a furnished apartment, of which, Nolan and I will also have a key and full access," Vince answered smoothly. "Of course, the details of our arrangement will be restricted to the three of us. Your discretion will also be rewarded with a bonus at the end of your term."

"Will I continue to work at the company?" she asked.

"Yes, however, you will no longer work in accounting. We would prefer to keep you close. You will become our personal assistant."

"I went to school to be an accountant," Penny couldn't help but point out. "Won't people become suspicious when I suddenly become your assistant?"

"We'll handle that," Vince said. "Your concern should remain being the most perfect modern mistress. The more you please us, the more you will be rewarded. I have no doubt you'll do well."

"When would I start?" she asked, still a little shocked. "I mean, there are a lot of details to work out."

Nolan gestured to Vince and Vince produced his iPad. He walked to Penny and put the electronic device in her hand. "If you're amenable to our business arrangement, sign here. As soon as you sign, we will wire one hundred thousand into your bank account as a good faith payment. The rest will be paid in two halves, once at the six month mark and the final payment on the last day."

She read the terms and swallowed at the seriousness of what she was about to do but she didn't hesitate. She signed with the electronic pen before she could chicken out. She smiled tremulously at the brothers and wondered what would happen next. She didn't have long to wait. Vince tossed his iPad to the sofa and grinned. "We're going to have some good times together, sweetheart...but first, let's get a look at our investment, shall we?"

"Now?" she squeaked. "As in...?"

"Exactly." Both brothers rose from the sofa and stalked toward her. She remained rooted to the chair, almost too afraid to move. They stood before her, identical hungry smiles on their lips as they commanded her to stand. She drew a shaky breath and stood. They grasped her hands and pulled her gently away from the safety of the chair and slowly began peeling her clothes from her body. She trembled and squeezed her eyes shut as her blouse was removed, followed by her bra. She gasped and tried to cover herself, an instinct she couldn't quell, but Nolan's firm grip, pulling her hands free from her breasts, made her shake even harder. Within moments she was standing, naked as the day she was born before these two men, as they visually inspected her body with dark, hungry eyes. "Turn," Nolan instructed in a tight voice. "I wish to see all of you."

Penny swallowed and slowly turned in a circle, so afraid they were going to realize just how flawed she was. But just as the silence became excruciating, Nolan let out a long exhale as he said, "Exquisite." Then to Vince, he said, "You were right; she's perfect."

"Perfect?" Penny repeated in a surprised murmur. No one had ever applied that term to her. Tears sprang to her eyes. "How can you say that?"

"Your skin is smooth like warm cream and your tits are big and pillowy with tight little rosy buds for nipples that even now beg to be sucked and played with." As if to emphasis his point, he filled his hands with her breasts and Penny nearly tumbled to the floor when her knees weakened at his touch. He made a sound of approval that bordered on a sexy growl and Penny knew in that moment that she'd gladly do whatever these men wanted of her. They were sexier than any man she'd ever seen and the way they were watching her made her feel more womanly than she could've imagined. Suddenly, she wasn't the awkward fat girl that everyone overlooked, but a voluptuous goddess who was desired and needed. Nolan ran his thumb over the tight tip of her budded nipple and she gasped. He chuckled at her response and suddenly Vince was cupping her breasts from behind, pulling her to him roughly. She let out a startled squeak as he kneaded the bountiful flesh, rolling the sensitive nipples until she was squirming from the heat building inside her. Nolan watched through lust-narrowed eyes as his brother fondled her openly in the middle of the living room. Vince sucked at the column of her neck, marking her with his mouth, creating a sinful bruise that would remain when they were finished tonight. Penny shuddered, loving every minute of it. How had they known what a wanton she was deep down? She wanted them to do dirty things to her, to make her do all manner of nasty things that she didn't dare admit out loud. But here, right now, she was their property and she'd do whatever they asked. Nolan cupped her pubic mound, pressing with the heel of his palm against the fevered flesh of her most private area. She whimpered when he pushed against the sensitive skin, teasing her with his touch. "So hot," he murmured with approval. "Let's see how wet..." and then he slipped his index finger between her folds and she cried out. If Vince hadn't been holding her, she might've simply crumpled. No one had ever made her feel this way before. She didn't know what to do or how to act, not that rational thought was possible at this point. "You are so responsive," Nolan said, grinning. "You're practically dripping on the carpet."

At that Penny blushed but Vince whispered in her ear, saying, "A good mistress is always ready for her man's cock. You're doing so well already, sweetheart. I think it's time you say goodbye to your virginity. By the time you leave tonight, you'll know what it's like to have a man, or two, between your legs. We're going to bang the hell out of that pretty little hole of yours until you're begging for mercy. How does that sound?"

Vince's silky tone in her ear coupled with Nolan's questing fingers deep inside her touched off a need so startling she could only nod for fear if she opened her mouth, she'd embarrass herself with nonsensical babbling.

"The question is...who will get the honor of fucking you first?" Vince mused, squeezing her breasts, almost painfully. "Do you have a preference, sweetling?"

She shook her head. Vince chuckled. "Just as well. We are both endowed with generous cocks. Likely, it will hurt the first time either way. But we'll make it up to you." He released her breasts and stepped around her to join Nolan. He looked to his brother. "I know how difficult it's been for you to wait." He gestured toward Penny with an air of generosity. "Her cherry is yours, my brother."

Nolan grinned. "Are you sure?"

"Positive. I will take her ass for the first time."

"You've always been an ass man," Nolan remarked, then stripped his shirt and pants, tossing the clothing and feasting his gaze on her nakedness. His grin turned decidedly feral and Penny shivered. He palmed his cock and hefted the thick length. Penny wasn't sure that large thing was going to fit inside her body. Fear of the unknown dampened her wild arousal but Nolan didn't give her the chance to think too long. "On your knees, beautiful," he instructed softly but firmly. She sank to the floor. His cock bobbed in front of her. The blunt head that sprang from a trimmed bed of hair was thick and mushroom-shaped and he smelled spicy and musky. She'd never smelled anything so arousing before. She wanted to bury her face in the crinkly hairs of his groin and nuzzle the thick length. She didn't need to be told what to do next and simply went on instinct, sucking the big head into her mouth, marveling at the silken steel as it slid between her lips, growing harder as she sucked and lavished all the attention she could manage with her inexperience. Where she lacked in experience or technique, she tried to make up for with enthusiasm and judging by the way Nolan groaned with each suck and lick of her tongue, he appreciated her efforts. "God, she's a fucking natural at sucking cock," Nolan gasped, threading his fingers through her hair. "Yess," he moaned, thrusting his hips against her face as she sucked harder and faster. The head of his cock banged against the back of her throat and she reached up to cup the twin soft sacs bouncing against her chin. A thin rivulet of saliva escaped her mouth and dribbled from the corners of her lips. She gripped his ass cheeks, drawing him closer, holding onto him as if for dear life, loving the sounds of his pleasure as he fucked her face with his thick cock.

Suddenly, another cock appeared and she eagerly accepted Vince's member into her mouth while continuing to rub and stroke Nolan's cock while she serviced Vince. She felt gloriously dirty and experienced as she played and sucked at both men. She glanced up at them and saw their eyes closed and their mouths hanging slightly open as they enjoyed her touch. But suddenly Nolan gently pulled away with a sigh and said, "Suck off my brother, darling girl. I wish to watch you take his cock down your throat before I fuck you senseless."

He collapsed on the sofa, his glistening cock slapping against his thigh as he settled in to watch and she since she wanted to please them both, she returned to Vince's cock in earnest. It wasn't long before Vince's groans changed with the tempo of his thrusts. Soon he was ramming his cock down her throat and fucking her face as he would her pussy. She was spiraling with insane pleasure knowing that she was driving him mad with desire. "That's it, baby," he grunted, his voice a tight growl. "I'm going to cum!"

She braced herself and seconds later her mouth was filled with warm salty fluid that shot down her throat in hurtling jets that matched each thrust against her face. She gulped the thick liquid, though at first it was startling but she eagerly took every drop. Vince's spent cock slipped from her mouth and she surreptitiously wiped away the spit and sank back on her heels, waiting for what came next. Vince stumbled to the sofa and fell onto the leather with a heavy but satisfied grunt. "Holy shit, I've never cum so hard. Baby girl, you're something else," he praised her breathlessly. She couldn't help her pleased grin at the compliment. It wasn't something she could brag about outside of these walls but still, she'd take it. Vince looked to Nolan who was slowly palming his cock, keeping it hard and ready. "She deserves your tongue before you take her cherry. Trust me, she's earned it."

"Gladly," Nolan said, moving from the sofa like a cat sliding from its perch. His muscles bunched and coiled beneath his skin and before she knew it, she was on her back with Nolan above her. His ash-blonde hair framed his gorgeous face and for a moment, Penny could only stare at the picture of male beauty poised above her. "Tell me, have you ever had a tongue playing with your clit?" he asked softly, the hard length of his cock pressing against her soft belly. At the awed shake of her head, he grinned and simply moved down her body, pausing to tongue the wide bowl of her navel before pushing her thighs apart to gaze down at her pink folds. Penny blushed at being so openly studied but she liked the way his eyes darkened with lust when he buried his face between her legs. She nearly twisted in on herself with the first exploratory flick of his tongue against her swollen little clit hidden between her slick folds. His wiggling tongue found and played with the hot button until she was writhing, begging for something that she could only dream of. Nothing in her fantasies had ever felt so good, so dirty. Something tingled deep inside her, building like a giant wave ready to crash to the shore. She struggled against its power, a bit frightened by the intensity but Nolan wouldn't let her back off and mercilessly pushed her to that ledge. Her thighs began to quake and every muscle tensed as a riot of pleasure exploded inside her body. "Ohhhh," she cried, thrashing her head from side to side as she was buffeted by the pleasure radiating from her clit and spreading across her nerve endings. Nolan lifted his head to smile knowingly and she blushed furiously. She covered her face with her hands as she tried to recover but Nolan wouldn't let her.

He rose above her and firmly pulled her hands free. "I want to see every emotion as it travels across your face, especially after I've made you cum. Understand?"

She nodded but admitted, "I'm embarrassed."

"Why?" he asked.

"Because I sounded like an animal," she answered, unable to hide her awkwardness at the intimacies between them. His cock was still hard and ready, nudging at her damp thighs and small pulses of pleasure were still thrumming through her body.

His gracious smile did funny things to her insides as he said, "Darling, fucking is primal and raw. At its core, sex is all about returning to our most primitive selves. And the sounds you make when you cum are lovely. Now," he said, his gaze darkening. "Time to pluck that sweet cherry." She shuddered and nodded. Nolan regarded her with that intense stare, devouring her with his eyes. He bent down to take her mouth roughly. He smelled of her musk and it was intoxicating. His tongue tangled with hers almost savagely, fucking her with his tongue as thoroughly as Vince had fucked her mouth and she was nearly breathless with need and desire, twisting beneath Nolan as he pressed his cock against her. She opened her legs and the blunt head of Nolan's hard length butted against her soft, slick folds. He gently bent her knees and pressed them to her chest, opening her further and leaving her vulnerable to his gaze. Her gaze shifted away, too shy to watch as Nolan prepared to breach her virgin walls. She wanted this - desperately - but her head was spinning with everything that had happened that night. Nolan sensed her thoughts had drifted and quickly caught her attention by pushing himself inside her, inch by excruciatingly thick inch. She sucked in a tight breath as the pain of being entered for the first time surprised her. Tears sprang to her eyes but she held back her whimper with a press of her lips. She gazed up at Nolan, focusing on his face as he slowly penetrated her with the single-minded focus of a man on a mission. God, he was breathtaking. She could stare at him all day. Suddenly, a sharp pain ripped through her as he made one final hard thrust against her. She screamed and clutched at Nolan as sweat broke out along her hairline. That must've been her hymen, she thought in a pained daze.

"Did I hurt you, sweetheart?" Nolan asked between gritted teeth, looking as if it took Herculean effort to slow and wait for her to adjust to his invasion. She didn't want to seem like a crybaby but knew she couldn't lie and jerked a tiny nod. "It'll get better," he promised and distracted her by taking her mouth again as he began a slow, sensual grind in and out of her slick sheath. She moaned against his mouth as the pain began to recede and a different sensation tingled in the pit of her stomach. "That's it, baby," he growled with approval as she began to move with him, almost mindlessly in tune with her body's needs. Everything felt so good. A wildness overtook her and she clutched at Nolan's back, digging her nails into his strong flesh.

"Harder," she begged, loving how his cock filled her, forcing her body to accommodate every inch. "Please, Nolan," she whimpered. "Make me yours!"

Her impassioned plea sparked a ferocity in Nolan as he pumped into her with thrusts that shook her body and caused her large breasts to jiggle and bounce. And she loved it! And with a quick, heated glance at Vince, she could tell he was enjoying the show as well. In fact, his cock had begun to swell again and he was stroking it as he watched them. Knowing that Vince watched gave her a delicious thrill. She reveled in the knowledge that both men were wild for her and she embraced her newfound confidence with both hands. To have two sexy, beautiful men lusting after her - dominating her - was as much a turn-on as any dirty movie she'd ever happened to see. She cried out with abandon as her muscles tightened and coiled as her nerve endings sizzled and snapped with each deep thrust. "Yess!" she shrieked, cleaving to Nolan as he pounded her body without mercy. And just as Nolan groaned and his hip thrusts became erratic as his eyes rolled in his head with pleasure, she spiraled into her second orgasm, though this one was deeper and more fulfilling than the previous one. She nearly sobbed against Nolan's shoulder as waves of pleasure rocked her body, causing her to forget everything else around her. She was sinking into a void of pure pleasure and happily being obliterated by the all-encompassing sensation of being completely and thoroughly fucked to the most perfect conclusion.

"Fuck me," Nolan breathed, rolling to his back on the floor as he tried to catch his breath. "Ohh, man. That was...ohhh, sweetheart...definitely worth every penny."

She grinned, not the least bit offended. In fact, she beamed with pride. That's right, her pussy was worth a pretty penny and she was all right with that. She rolled to her stomach and regarded Vince with a flirty smile. "Whatcha got there, Vince?" she asked coyly, watching him palm himself, his eyes dark with hunger. "Can I play with it, too?"

She only blushed a tiny bit at her own bold comment but judging by how quickly Vince vaulted from the sofa, he appreciated her invitation. "My turn, babycakes," he said, lifting her hips so that her ass was in the air. She held her breath, suffering an attack of bashfulness but Vince soon eradicated any reserve she may have held the moment he pushed himself inside her well-used core. She was dripping from Nolan's seed, slicking her passage for Vince's entry. She groaned as Vince gripped her ass cheeks and thrust against her like a piston. He rode her hard, shocking her when he slapped her ass cheek as he pumped his cock into her. She squeaked at the contact but then realized she liked the sudden shock of pain that quickly warmed to pleasure. Penny arched her back and Vince growled his approval, which warmed her with silly happiness at having pleased him. "Do you like being fucked like this, sweetheart?" he asked, his voice tight and low. The grip on her hips tightened when she moaned in answer. "That's our girl," he said, burying his cock into her so deep she thought he might pop out of her throat. She liked being called his girl. She felt cherished and desired, two feelings she'd craved for so long but had given up on ever experiencing. "Tell me you like it," he commanded.

"Oh God, I love it," she admitted without shame, gasping as he hit the most sensitive spot inside her, causing her to shudder with desire. "Fuck me harder!"

"My pleasure," he said, reaching over to grab a handful of her hair, forcing her to arch deeper. His cock plunged in and out, the sounds of sloppy sex echoing in the richly appointed room as they fucked like animals.

Penny cried out with each bone-jarring thrust, mindless with wanton lust. It was as if the person she'd been before this moment never existed at all. Nolan and Vince made her feel sexy and desirable and it emboldened her to new heights. She wasn't ashamed of her full-figured body because Nolan and Vince had shown her just how much they wanted her and that was an insane turn-on.

"Yesss," hissed Vince as he pumped his load deep inside her. "God, yes!"

And Penny followed a second later, shuddering and panting as her orgasm rolled over her like a mad wave, crashing down on her nerve endings and turning her inside out with black-out level pleasure. Vince withdrew from her wet sheath and Penny rolled to her back, breathing just as hard as Vince. It was several moments before either could speak.

When she finally came to her senses, Penny felt a blush coming but she forced herself to lift her chin and smile at her gorgeous new lovers. Both were adorable in their post-sex haze, their eyes at half-mast as they smiled lazily at her. A laugh bubbled up from deep inside her belly and spilled out in the form of giggles.

"What's so funny?" Nolan asked with an intrigued smile. "Should I be worried? When a woman laughs after sex it's usually not a good sign."

"Most definitely not a good sign," Vince agreed, though he was smiling, too. They both knew they had nothing to worry about. Penny certainly hadn't faked a moment of pleasure with them. God good, she couldn't even imagine needing to fake a single moan with either of them. Her body was still pulsing with residual pleasure as their seed slowly dripped from her well-used cored. Tomorrow, she would be sore, she knew. Her hips were already protesting but it was a delicious pain, one that reminded her just how wild her two men were to be with her. Vince rolled on his side. "Come on, what's so funny, sweetheart?"

Her giggles subsided and a happy sigh followed. "I was just thinking that before tonight I'd been considering going out on a date with Gilbert and that likely, I might've lost my virginity to him instead of Nolan. I was going to settle because I was tired of waiting for the right guy."

"A woman like you should never settle," Nolan said with a faint growl. "Remember that."

"Any man who doesn't see how fucking sexy you are, is an idiot," Vince said, a fierce scowl on his face to match his tone. He pulled Penny to him, nuzzling her neck. "But their loss is our gain, right brother?"

"Hell yes," Nolan agreed, tracing his finger down the column of her back, causing her to shiver. "We're going to have lots of fun. By the time we're through with you, you'll never be the same."

She shivered, knowing in her heart this was true. She was already different.

And she liked it. There was no going back to that insecure, forgotten woman ever again.

Penny sighed and rolled to her back, loving how both men flanked her. Their spent cocks twitched as if eager to return to the soft, wet safety of her body and their eyes darkened with open desire. She gazed at both in turn. "I've been a virgin too long," she said, her mouth lifting in a playful yet mischievous smile. "Tell me...what else can you teach me?"

They each shared a look - one filled with dark promise and sensual adventure - as they began to slowly make their way down her body with their mouths working in tandem and Penny knew they were going to be very thorough teachers.

And she couldn't wait to show them what a good student she could be.

"Ohhhh, yesss!..."

2

Penny McDaniel didn't think there was another man alive that could compare to the decadent handsomeness of Vince and Nolan Buchanan. Strong enough to toss her around like a ragdoll in spite of her bountiful curves with the stamina of a bull when they had her on her back (or knees), both men were exhaustive in their desire to possess her body and soul.

Sometimes Penny had to pinch herself to make sure she wasn't living in a wonderful dream - a wonderfully erotic dream, at that.

Two months ago, the billionaire brothers who owned and operated Buchanan Enterprises, had approached her with a very unusual, very shocking business proposal and she'd accepted.

Holy hotcakes, had she accepted.

Since then, her life had been a whirlwind of sexual education (yes, she'd been a virgin prior to the brothers, and yes, she knew how crazy that seemed in this day and age) that'd often left her breathless (and deliciously spent) as well as mind-bogglingly overwhelmed.

Penny had gone from lowly bean-counter to highly desired mistress of two of the wealthiest men in the world and it was quite an adjustment.

To say she lived a privileged - albeit complicated - life was an understatement. She'd gone from anxiously staking out Payless BOGO events for new shoes to slipping into the well-heeled luxury of hand-crafted Chanel with price tags that made her want to faint. Somehow it seemed obscene to spend such an inordinate amount of money on things that went on her feet. But then, she supposed she'd never really been like many women who salivated over expensive shoes so when the Buchanans insisted on updating her wardrobe, she'd felt a bit like Julie Roberts on Rodeo Drive, trying to find a look that both suited and flattered. To be honest, it'd been an exercise in frustration. Designers simply didn't make clothes that flattered a fuller figure.

"Not everyone is shaped like a human hanger," she'd groused during one of their epic shopping excursions that'd left Penny feeling frumpy and fat until Nolan had simply suggested they employ a personal dressmaker to come and take Penny's measurements. After that, shopping had been a breeze and she had to admit, she loved her new clothes. Suddenly, she felt sophisticated and worldly when all her life she'd always lived on the fringe of everything that was cool and beautiful. Of course, as lovely as the new clothes were, truthfully, Penny enjoyed when the brothers were peeling them from her body far more than anything else.

But lately, both Vince and Nolan had seemed on edge. Their lovemaking was rough and savage, not that she minded, but it certainly seemed as if something were eating at them. It couldn't be the business because Penny knew for a fact Buchanan Enterprises was turning over record profit, which left Penny to worry that the problem was with her. What else could the two men who had everything have cause to worry about?

"You're quiet tonight," Nolan observed, knuckling her cheek lightly as they lay in the expansive four-poster cherrywood bed that she still hadn't gotten used to sleeping in since she moved from her apartment to the penthouse suite that belonged to the brothers. Nestled in the crook of Nolan's arm, she glanced up at him and smiled shyly, not quite sure how to confess her fears without sounding like a mewling, pathetic baby. "Everything okay? Are you still sore?" he asked solicitously, causing her to blush like mad. Just the mention of their epic sexual adventures made her cheeks heat. He smiled with genuine amusement at her reaction. Nolan loved that she'd been a virgin before either of them had been between her thighs. Of course, they'd both done their level best to obliterate her virginity in all ways since then - hence the slight soreness he'd mentioned.

She nodded and lied just a little. "All good. Perfect actually." It was a small white lie. She was a bit sore from last night but it was a good feeling and she didn't mind at all. In fact, being taken by either of the Buchanans was a pleasure she'd never known existed. Sounded cheesy, but it was true. Made her grateful she'd saved her "treasure" as her papa had put it, for the right person, instead of giving it away to the first fumbling male who had paid her any sort of attention.

Penny traced a line from the top of his chest down the hard ridge of his belly. "Is everything okay with you?" she asked, holding her breath. She was still learning her place in their world and was, at times, unsure of her boundaries but Vince and Nolan were always accommodating of her education. She'd only been punished once, and truth be told, Penny had writhed like a cat in heat, loving every minute. Vince had laughed and promised to "punish" her more often. Nolan stilled and Penny worried her lip, adding, "I just wondered because you seem...like something is bothering you."

Nolan exhaled and actually pulled away to sit on the edge of the bed. Penny held her breath. Maybe she should've kept her questions to herself... "Do you have any family?" he asked, surprising her with the sudden question.

"No. My dad died a few years ago. He was all I had left," Penny answered, tucking her feet under her short, demure nightie. Nolan loved her in lace, whereas Vince preferred tight corsets that made her breasts spill over the top like bountiful pillows plumped for his pleasure. "Why?"

Nolan's expression darkened but he otherwise remained silent as if wrestling with something private that he wasn't ready to share. This was the first time Penny had ever seen Nolan so pensive. Frankly, it scared her just a little. "Is there anything I can do?" she asked in a tentative voice, unsure of how to help. "Anything at all?"

She added the slight inflection with an innuendo at the tail end of her offer and Nolan cast her a sidewise glance with the hint of a smile playing on his lips.

"What did you have in mind?"

Her breath caught at the sudden hunger in his eyes. Just like that he turned on the heat and suddenly, Penny was burning alive, desperate for his touch. She slowly lifted the hem of her nightie up and over her head, peeping at him through her lashes. "Anything you want," she answered, sitting back on her heels, loving how Nolan's gaze blazed a trail of wanton desire over her body. How things had changed in her life. There was a time when she'd been so ashamed of her body that she'd hidden beneath oversized cotton tops and dowdy skirts that wouldn't make anyone take a second glance, but Vince and Nolan had taught her to appreciate being a woman with a woman's curves. Their open desire for every inch of her body made her celebrate being considered plus-size.

"Come here, sweetness," he instructed and Penny moved to comply, eager to feel his touch everywhere at once. She loved when the brothers took her together but there was something extra special about her one-on-one time with them. She climbed onto his lap and wrapped her arms around his neck. She sucked in a tight breath at how possessive his gaze was when he roamed her curves, openly delighting in the way her breasts rose and fell with anticipation. The tips of her nipples pebbled beneath that hot stare just as her core liquefied with need. How had she ever survived without them in her life? Nolan wet his finger and then slowly, gently, tested her heat, pushing his finger deep inside her. Penny's eyelids fluttered shut on a groan, her body coiling with explosive need.

"Penny, you're so beautiful," he murmured in approval at the way her body reacted so readily to his touch. "Do you like the way I touch you?"

"Yes," she breathed, hearing the neediness in her voice but she didn't care. "Ohh, yes, Nolan."

He chuckled and pushed harder, crooking his finger to strum the sweet spot inside her that caused her to squirm and moan. The heel of his palm produced sinful pressure against her little pleasure button and Penny's breath quickened. "Who do you belong to, sweetness?" he asked.

"You and Vince," she answered on a moan, too aroused to blush. "Only!"

"Good girl," he said. "Would you like to cum in my arms or on your knees?"

"I don't care!" Penny gasped as he increased the pressure of his touch. If she hadn't been desperately aroused, the pressure would've hurt but as it was, she felt ready to dissolve into a pool of helpless, quivering goo. She never would've known such carnal pleasures were possible, if it weren't for Vince and Nolan. Penny squeezed her eyes shut, her heart rate slamming like a jackhammer as her body begged for release.

"Such a good girl," he said in a low growl that thrilled her to her curling toes. "But first you have to earn your reward."

She whimpered as he withdrew his finger and sucked off her juices right before her astonished gaze. They still managed to shock her on a regular basis, which only illustrated just how sheltered she'd been from men or dating in general. "On your knees, Penny," he directed softly and she slid to the floor before him. His erection rose like thick warm steel, bobbing with life as the head oozed a tiny drop of fluid. Penny didn't hesitate and simply slipped his erection into her mouth as she'd been taught. Before Nolan and Vince she'd never even seen a real penis - it'd seemed so sordid and perverted to satisfy her curiosity with pornography - so she'd simply buried her needs under layers of self-recrimination and guilt. The brothers had quickly stripped her of those silly layers to reveal the wanton woman she'd always suspected she was and in fact, she'd proven to be an able student in the art of sex.

Something her boys had certainly been delighted to discover.

Nolan threaded his fingers through her thick hair and groaned with appreciation as she lovingly took his member deep down her throat. The first time she'd tried that particular move, she'd embarrassed herself by gagging. The boys had laughed it off and assured her she'd been wonderful. Of course, that wasn't good enough by her standards and she'd endeavored to learn how to be the best. Quickly, Penny learned she was not only good with numbers, but pretty damn good with her mouth and tongue, too.

"Oh God, Penny," Nolan groaned, his skin becoming clammy as his arousal built. "God, that's it. Right there," he encouraged her in a raspy tone. "Yes, baby. Yes, don't stop. Just like that!"

Penny's core was like molten lava hearing Nolan groan and lose control. Usually she was the one losing her mind to their touch. It was incredibly hot to have the situation reversed. His grip tightened in her hair almost painfully but she didn't mind. In fact, the sharp pain increased her arousal almost to the point of losing her own focus. But suddenly, Nolan stiffened and he groaned loudly as her mouth filled with warm, salty cream. She quickly swallowed every last drop, then gently laved the tip until he was glistening but clean. She beamed with pride, knowing she'd managed to turn her big, strong man into a weak pussycat, at least for the moment. He collapsed on the bed and she climbed his body, nestling her heat on his spent member. She smiled down at Nolan, loving how boyish he always looked right after he'd finished.

"Feel better?" she asked.

He opened his eyes and smiled muzzily at her. "You have a gift," he admitted with a soft chuckle. "And yes, I do feel better."

"Happy to help."

"I bet you are," he said, regarding her with sated expression that she adored. He idly rolled her nipple between his fingers and she sighed with growing anticipation. "Are you happy with us?" he asked, causing her gaze to clear and furrow her brow at his question.

"Of course I am," she answered. Very happy. Except there were times when she felt terribly lonely, a voice reminded her. Not often though, she countered, squelching the voice and forcing a smile. "What's bothering you, Nolan? Is it me?"

He chuckled. "Darling, you're the best part about my day. No, it's not you," he assured her. "Just checking I guess."

She bit her lip, deciding to take a chance. "If you want to talk about something...I'm here for you. We don't have to...you know..." she actually blushed, still unaccustomed to speaking about sex so casually, even with Vince or Nolan. Habits were hard to break, especially moral judgments that her papa had instilled in her at a very early age. She tried not to think about how her Papa would react if he were alive, knowing that his only daughter had sold her "treasure" for a sum of money. A hefty sum, but sold nonetheless. But to be fair, no one had been busting down doors to claim her treasure until the Buchanan brothers had offered her their shocking and unorthodox proposal.

It'd been positively indecent. Was she bad that she'd jumped in with both feet?

Nolan grinned at her flush of embarrassment. "Do you mean you'd rather talk than fuck?"

She blushed harder. "No."

"Tell me what you want me to do to you," he said, his eyes darkening with lust as she squirmed against his request. "Tell me exactly what you want me to do."

Penny drew a halting breath and lost herself in his gaze. "I want...I want you to fuck me, Nolan. Please. I need you so bad. I'm wet just thinking about you inside me." Good God! Were those her words coming from her sinful mouth? Oh yes. Her chest rose and fell with the increase of her breathing as her heartrate kicked up a notch. She caught the quickening of his erection, the slow and steady plumping of his cock as he regained his strength, and she shuddered knowing what was to come.

"On your hands and knees, beautiful girl. Show me that gorgeous ass," he said, rising behind her. Penny hesitated, a spike of uncertainty at how he wanted to have her but she hastened to do as he instructed. She closed her eyes when she felt Nolan's hand smooth over the tender places on her bottom and alternately hoped he would be gentle and hoped he would take her like a back alley whore.

"Vince was rough," he observed softly, pausing on the slight bruising left behind.

"I'm okay," she said, squeezing her eyes shut as she felt liquid slicking her insides, readying her passage for his assault. "I need you, Nolan," she pleaded. "I've missed your touch."

His finger entered her passage and she sucked in a tight breath. "Honey sweet," he murmured with approval, moving his finger in and out in a slow, sensual movement that caused her to rock against his digit with her hips, pushing him deeper inside. "Tell me what a bad girl you are," he encouraged in a husky tone as he continued to slide his finger in and out in a torturous movement. She needed the thickness of his cock to stretch her, to force her to cum. His finger was simply teasing her.

She groaned and wiggled against him. "Please Nolan," she said impatiently, almost growling.

He shocked her with a light slap on her rear. The painful zing instantly caused her to arch her back and groan with both pain and pleasure. "Tell me," he demanded. "I want to know you deserve a good fucking, my darling."

"I'm so bad," she whispered, a tear surprising her as it slid free from her eye. "I'm as bad as they come. I've wanted to be fucked like this - owned - for so long but I was afraid to admit it."

"And now?" he asked in a deceptively sweet tone as he pinched the swollen nub of her clitoris. "Are you grateful to have found your Masters? Tell me how grateful you are."

"I'm so grateful," she gasped, more tears breaking free. She shuddered at the words flowing from her mouth, shocked at how it made her feel to admit such a thing. Was it wrong to feel so liberated while belonging to these men? She groaned and gave into the pleasure, refusing to let her brain ruin all the wonderful feelings cascading through her body in throbbing waves. "Ohhh, Nolan!" she cried as he rubbed her clitoris in slow, circular motions, using the slickness of her own fluids to intensify the pleasure.

"You're so responsive," he said. "Just as I imagined you would be. I used to watch you, sitting in your cubicle like a good little accountant, counting your ledgers and furtively sneaking glances at me and Vince, so desperate for our attention. You wanted our cocks so badly, didn't you?"

She nodded, her throat closing. Yes, she'd wanted them both. Desperately. "Yesss," she cried, too caught up in the moment to care how she sounded.

He shocked her by pulling her legs out from under her so she landed on her stomach with a grunt. He flipped her roughly and opened her thighs to his hot gaze. She stared at him, holding her breath. This was so unlike Nolan. Rarely was Nolan so crude, so hungry. His stare fastened on her dewed pink folds and she fought the urge to squeeze her thighs shut. She still wasn't entirely accustomed to being so openly desired. "What you didn't know, sweetness was how much we wanted you," he admitted in a hoarse voice, his lust binding his vocal cords until he sounded like an animal ready to tear apart its prey. "How many times I stroked my cock, wishing it were your mouth...your pussy. God, your hot, wet core is like heaven and I can't get enough. Ever!" His eyes darkened and he hooked his arms around her legs, bringing her quivering womanhood to his face, close enough to kiss. She shuddered, knowing what he was going to do to her. She was shaking with need. "It's my turn to make you moan, sweetness. You've certainly earned it."

She closed her eyes and bit her lip as he wasted little time in delving between her private folds, burying his face between her thighs with single-minded purpose. In Nolan's own words, he loved eating pussy, which had been a shocking thing to hear seeing as Penny had never even said the word "pussy" let alone had anyone desire to lick and suck hers. But, ohhhh, Nolan had changed her mind on that score. She threw her head back and arched as he held her thighs open. Wild desire whipped through her as his clever tongue teased and flicked while his mouth sucked and slurped. "Nolan!" she gasped, gripping the rumpled bedsheets in her hands as she barreled toward her release without mercy. Her nerve endings sizzled and snapped as suddenly everything clenched with powerful need. A wail escaped her as she slammed back to earth, gasping as her orgasm washed over her like a tidal wave of pleasure. Nolan pulled back and watched as she writhed with the pleasure, breathing hard and making small mewling noises as she slowly came to her senses.

A long sigh rattled out of her chest and she smiled sheepishly at Nolan, always a little embarrassed by how wanton she became in the moment. Penny clapped her hands over her flaming face and groaned. "Oh my goodness," was all she could say and Nolan laughed, pulling her hands free with a mock stern expression.

"You're beautiful and never forget it, especially when you're cumming beneath my tongue. Understand?"

She nodded but her cheeks were still hot. "Aren't you staying tonight?" she asked, noting with a subtle frown that he wasn't climbing into the bed beside her.

He answered with a small shake of his head as he rose. "Not tonight. I have pressing business elsewhere but I will see you tomorrow at the office. Perhaps you could wear that blue Versace I picked up for you when I was in Milan?"

"Of course," she said with a demure nod, though in truth she was a bit afraid of the price tag on that dress. What if she spilled something on it because she was a terrible klutz? She swallowed her fears in the face of Nolan's expectation and simply acquiesced like a good mistress should. "Good night, Nolan."

He pulled her to him and kissed her thoroughly. The scent of her own musk teased her nostrils as he drew away. He warmed her with a charming grin. "That's my girl. Sleep tight, gorgeous."

And then he was out the door. Penny heard the front door close and lock and she heaved a short sigh. Whatever had been bothering Nolan, he hadn't seen fit to share even though they'd shared the most intimate act two people could share.

The knowledge made her feel a little empty and more than a little disappointed as she fell into a fretful sleep.

***

"You look exquisite," Vince said under his breath the following morning as Penny entered the office. Penny fought the urge to squirm with absolute pleasure at his approval and simply smiled at his compliment. Vince's eyes warmed with heat and Penny knew he was already mentally undressing her. Tonight he would visit her, she could tell by the hunger in his gaze. Vince had been insatiable as of late and she'd begun to crave his savage touch like an addict needed a fix. But whereas Nolan was always tender and considerate, Vince was rough and thorough. Penny always felt ravaged after a night with Vince. She liked both styles of lovemaking and she was glad she didn't have to choose between one or the other. Just thinking of what Vince could make her do, caused her cheeks to bloom and her insides to slick. Goodness gracious, the Buchanan brothers had managed to turn her into a raging sex fiend in a surprisingly short time frame. Penny couldn't help the secret smile that followed but she startled when she realized there was another person in the room.

"Oh!" she gasped, jumping just a little but enough to cause her breasts to jiggle obscenely. She covered her heart with her hands and swallowed with embarrassment. So much for looking the part of the sophisticated mistress. "I apologize. I didn't see you there," she said, looking to Vince. "Should I come back later?"

Before Vince could answer, the other man rose with a dark smile on his full lips, saying, "No need to scuttle off on my account. My brother is right; you do look exquisite in that shade of blue. Let me guess...Versace?" When Penny could only stare, the information stunning her brain into silence, he chuckled and shot Vince a knowing look. "Nolan's go-to designer for his pets. Now...who might you be aside from achingly lovely to look at?"

"P-penny," she stammered, looking to Vince for guidance. Did he say brother? How had she not known that Vince and Nolan had another brother? Embarrassment and confusion colored her voice as she said, "I'm sorry...I didn't know there was another Buchanan."

Vince exhaled a short sigh of aggravation at the forced introduction. "Penny meet my older brother Dillon." He gestured swiftly. "Penny, meet Dillon. Dillon meet Penny."

"The pleasure is all mine, I assure you," Dillon said, grasping Penny's hand and pressing a kiss to the soft skin. The pressure of his lips did something strange to her insides, shaming her with her sudden arousal. What kind of person was she that she immediately felt an attraction to Vince and Nolan's older brother?

"If you wouldn't mind keeping your lips off my secretary..." Vince warned Dillon with a distinct growl. Penny withdrew her hand, her eyes wide at the odd undercurrent passing between the two men.

"Secretary?" His mouth quirked at the lie. "The temp agencies have really stepped up their game if Miss Penny is any indication of the hiring pool these days."

A flush stole up Penny's neck but she lifted her chin and directed her stare back to Vince, saying, "Is there anything you need from me this morning?"

"I can think of a few things I might want," Dillon remarked with a decidedly wry grin, almost taunting Vince. Vince's mouth hardened, unamused by his brother's innuendo and Dillon shrugged, unaffected by Vince's censure. "A water would be great," he added, without glancing back at Penny. A silent war of wills raged between the two men that thickened the air with a palpable sense of tension. Penny suppressed a delicate shiver and let herself out, eager to escape. This was definitely not a happy reunion; that much she knew for sure.

***

"What are you doing here?" Vince cut straight to the chase as soon as Penny was free from the room. He didn't want his brother anywhere near him and Nolan's girl. Dillon had a way of sucking all the air from a room when women were concerned. Their older brother was something of a black sheep and women gravitated to him like moths to a fucking flame. Vince was not about to lose Penny to Dillon.

"No hello, nice to see you? Tsk, tsk brother. Where are your manners? Mother would be so disappointed." Dillon helped himself to the bar, pouring a generous snifter of brandy. He gestured to the door where Penny had left. "So let's talk about Penny..."

"Let's not." Vince held his brother's stare, steel to steel. "Get to the point. You didn't show up to talk about my secretary."

"Ah, but that's the thing, I don't think she's just your secretary. How many secretaries can afford Versace?" Dillon challenged, raising his glass to his lips, watching Vince. When Vince remained stubbornly silent, he chuckled and took a measured sip, savoring the flavor. He closed his eyes briefly with a small smile. "God, it's been too long since I had good scotch." He finished the snifter off and placed the glass on the marble bar before settling into the chair opposite Vince. "Let me tell you what I think the delectable Miss Penny is..."

"Knock it off, Dillon," Vince warned. "Does Nolan know you're back in town?"

Dillon smiled enigmatically. "I didn't feel it was necessary to send out a text alert about my whereabouts. Besides, I'm part owner of this company, though I know that's not common knowledge. I figured you might appreciate my taking an interest."

"A little late for that, don't you think?" Vince said under his breath. "You're out of money, aren't you?" he guessed. When Dillon laughed, Vince grabbed his checkbook, prepared to make Dillon go away in the same way he always did when he showed up to make trouble.

"Put your checkbook away, little brother," Dillon said, surprising Vince with his hard tone. He looked up to find all semblance of Dillon's casual flippant arrogance gone. Dillon leaned forward. "You can't make me go away any more. Let's just say, I'm ready to take an interest in my inheritance."

Vince didn't believe him for a second. There was something else driving Dillon and he had a feeling it had nothing to do with wanting to become a responsible member of society. Vince sneered with open derision. "Yeah? Since when?"

"Since now."

"Convenient."

"Isn't it though? I was thinking the same thing. Actually, I was thinking, how fortuitous. Particularly when Granddad is on his last leg and somehow, you and Nolan managed to convince him to cut me out in the last will."

Vince swore under his breath. "You've never had an interest in Buchanan Enterprises. We were just securing what we'd already built."

"Bullshit. But no worries, little brother. I've found a way to rectify your misstep." At that, Dillon rose and started for the door. "Oh, and before you ask...I know about the people you paid off to get the will changed. Sloppy work, I must say. I expected a finer layer of manipulation."

"What are you going to do?" Vince demanded, standing as well.

Dillon stopped and turned, pinning Vince with the hottest of glares before his glacial smile left no room for misunderstanding. "Well, for starters...I'm going to fuck your delectable, sweet secretary. After that, maybe I'll let her suck my cock clean."

"Stay away from Penny," Vince growled, his fists clenching. "If you so much as touch a hair on her head..."

"You'll what?" Dillon taunted, daring Vince to throw down the gauntlet. When Vince simply glared in impotent anger, Dillon chuckled, "That's what I thought" and let himself out.

***

Penny was a bundle of nerves as she watched the clock. Time passed at a snail's pace as she awaited their arrival. Vince and Nolan had both seemed on edge when they'd tersely told her to go home and lock the penthouse door.

"And don't open that damn door for anyone but me or Nolan," Vince had added with a dark scowl.

Penny had nodded in understanding but in truth, she didn't know what the hell was going on. Who was Dillon? Where did this brother come from? By chance she'd found an Internet article about the Buchanans and had found a reference to Dillon but the article had primarily focused on Nolan and Vince. She didn't know who to ask without making things worse. She'd never seen Vince so shaken. What kind of man was their brother that he had both Vince and Nolan so rattled? Was he a bad man? Was he dangerous? She had to admit there was certainly something alluring about the man. He was the bad boy personified, the kind of man who rode a Harley and left a trail of women in his wake. She shuddered and shamefully squeezed her thighs together, berating herself for the tiny little kick in her heartrate at the thought of being at his mercy. She adored Vince and Nolan; she certainly didn't need another Buchanan brother in her life, particularly one that was so...difficult.

The door burst open and Vince and Nolan strode in, their voices hard and raised.

"Why now? Someone had to have tipped him off about Granddad," Nolan said, stopping briefly to pull Penny into his arms and kiss her soundly, almost hungrily. He released Penny and she was immediately taken into Vince's tight embrace for a deep, almost desperate kiss. Penny's knees weakened and Vince squeezed her bottom. He released her and they both walked away, picking up their conversation seamlessly. "Damn it. We were so close. Now, he's never going to let it go. He's going to want to become full share partner again."

"Dillon's going to ruin everything we've built," Vince said, raking his hand through his hair. "There has to be something we can offer him that will appease his sense of justice. You and I both know he doesn't care two shits about Buchanan Enterprises. We need to find out what his end game is and beat him to it."

"Guys...what's going on?" Penny asked, hearing too late the tremor in her voice and noticing the shake in her fingers. Her new little world was going topsy-turvy just when she was getting accustomed to the rhythm. She tucked her hands behind her back and followed the men into the kitchen where Vince was pouring glasses of red wine. "I'm a little freaked out right now. Is your brother a bad man?"

Nolan cast Vince a short look before accepting his glass. "He's not bad as in, he's a criminal or anything like that..."

"That's a matter of opinion," Vince muttered before lifting his wine glass to inhale the sharp aroma of the vintage. "He's a cold, selfish son-of-a-bitch who's only ever cared about himself. He's been a blight on this family since the day he turned eighteen and came into the majority of his inheritance. He's been off doing whatever he does while we've been building Buchanan Enterprises to the level it is now."

"So why is he coming around?"

"Because our Granddad recently cut him out of the will," Nolan admitted, shooting Vince a dark look. "I knew he was going to find out. We should've went about this a different way."

"It wouldn't have mattered. Dillon only ever wants what he can't have."

Penny sipped her wine to calm her nerves. She'd never seen Vince or Nolan so agitated, not even when brokering multi-billion dollar deals for the corporation. In fact, they seemed to thrive on difficult situations in business, so it was disconcerting to see them act this way when their older brother showed up on the scene. "Maybe he's changed?" she ventured but she was shot down with a derisive look.

"Dillon doesn't change. Trust me on this." Nolan dumped his wine down the sink and headed for the bar. "I need something stronger than cabernet tonight. Do we still have that Irish whiskey?"

Vince nodded and watched as Nolan stalked to the bar and started rummaging past bottles until he found the one he was searching for. Vince exhaled and brought his glass to his lips, noting Penny's apprehension and confusion. He tried a small smile for her benefit with, "It's going to be fine" but the words seemed disingenuous given their reactions. Penny knew there was something they weren't telling her. Vince paused and pulled Penny to him. His mouth traveled a warm line down the column of her neck and she shivered in spite of the turmoil in her mind. She relaxed a little as his touch did nice things to her insides. "How are you feeling today?" he murmured against her skin, distracting her easily. "Nolan said you were a little sore from our session the other night."

She blushed and nodded. Drat that Nolan for knowing when she was lying. "But I don't mind," she added quickly. Her breath hitched as she admitted softly, "I like the soreness. It reminds me of what we did together."

He chuckled and pulled her tighter against him. "That's my naughty girl." He slanted his mouth over hers and she tasted the wine on his tongue. Her knees wobbled but he held her firmly as he plundered her mouth in the same way he penetrated her body with unrelenting determination and she loved it. But all too soon, he was releasing her and joining Nolan. It seemed her presence wasn't required tonight. Sharply disappointed but understanding of the situation, she excused herself, claiming a headache.

They both showered her with appropriate good night kisses and then patting her behind, sent her off to bed.

It chaffed a little that she'd been effectively dismissed but that was the terms of their arrangement. Nothing had ever been said about the arrangement being emotional in nature. She stripped and slid into bed, forgoing her nightie to slide between the silky smooth sheets, sighing as the material whispered across her skin in a decadent kiss. She'd never slept on linens so fine in her life. Before Vince and Nolan, her idea of splurging had been to purchase new at Target instead of thrift store linens. Now, she'd become delightfully accustomed to the finer things, even if none of the fine things belonged to her. As she plumped the pillow beneath her head, she wondered if she would sleep alone tonight. As her eyelids fluttered shut, an image of Dillon popped uninvited into her mental theater. A troubled sigh escaped as she purposefully pushed all thought of the other Buchanan far from her thoughts. Dillon was trouble - and trouble was the last thing she needed. She was living the dream...wasn't she? Yes, of course she was. Silly question. So why did she have the persistent nagging worry that she was about to lose it all?

***

Penny awoke to the smell of breakfast cooking and she smiled sleepily, not quite awake. She stretched and yawned as she came fully aware, then she frowned and sat up with a start so quick her head swam. Nolan and Vince hadn't stayed over. She'd been disappointed to find her bed empty aside from herself so who was in her kitchen? Had one returned to make her breakfast? Perhaps. Don't be such a worry-wart, she chastised herself as she slipped on a robe over her nude body and padded into the kitchen. Her smile faded when she saw Dillon standing there sliding scrambled eggs and bacon onto two plates.

"W-what are you doing in my apartment?" Penny demanded to know, hating that her voice shook and her stomach growled at the delicious smell of freshly cooked food. Damn her love of good food.

"Technically, the apartment belongs to my family, which means it also belongs to me - a small fact my little brothers are fond of forgetting - so the question should be, what are you doing in my apartment? Before you answer that, come, sit and enjoy breakfast. I suspect we have a lot to talk about."

Penny thought to turn on her heel and storm out of there - well, at least storm to the bedroom to get dressed - but she had an awful lot of questions and Dillon, more so than Vince and Nolan, seemed willing to answer them. What harm could there be? He didn't seem all that dangerous today, but then it's hard to look menacing when you're holding a plate of food with an engaging smile on your face. Penny tugged at her bottom lip, not quite sure what to do. "Just talk and eat breakfast?" she confirmed with a suspicious look shot his way.

"Scout's honor."

"Something tells me you were never a scout," she muttered but took a seat and accepted the plate. She made sure her robe was securely tied around her, then took an exploratory bite of the eggs. Of course, they were fantastic, she wanted to groan. She'd half hoped they were disgusting so she could excuse herself with good reason. No such luck. "Where'd you learn how to cook like this?" she asked.

"Here, there..." he answered, tucking into his own plate without hesitation. "When you've been kicked off the family teat, you learn how to fend for yourself pretty quick and since I enjoy a good meal, my only choice was to learn how to make things myself."

Kicked off the family teat? "What do you mean? Were you disowned or something?"

He cast her a wry glance. "Something like that."

She shouldn't ask. It wasn't her business. What would Nolan and Vince think if they knew she was prying into their private family affairs? But the temptation was too strong. At her worst, she was a terribly nosey thing. Perhaps she should've went into journalism instead of accounting, then she would've had a valid reason for prying into people's lives. But before she could ask another question, Dillon had one of his own. "Are you sleeping with Vince or Nolan?" When Penny blushed and looked away, he chuckled and surmised with a surprised grin, "Both? Damn, my brothers have upped their game in the time since I've been home."

"What does that mean?" she asked, frowning.

"It means exactly what you think it means," Dillon said, his mouth twisting. "Let me guess, you're in a contract for your services..."

Penny squirmed, terribly embarrassed at their secret business arrangement being discussed casually over eggs. "It's not all about money. I care about them and they care about me. They're very good to me."

"Of course they are," he said, not surprised. "You're their pet. Masters are always good to a pet they've just purchased. It's all about the novelty. Eventually, they'll tire of their newest acquisition, probably right about the time your contract is up."

Suddenly, her eggs tasted sour in her mouth. Penny dropped her fork and moved to leave but Dillon stopped her with an apology that sounded really close to sincere. "Listen, let's start over, okay? We've gotten off on the wrong foot. I'm Dillon Buchanan and you are...?"

Penny regarded him with open uncertainty. Don't trust him, her instincts screamed but there was something about him that drew her, something she ought to ignore but she didn't want to. "Penny McDaniels," she answered softly. "Why did you say that about your brothers? Is it true? Have they done this before with someone else?"

At that Dillon's gaze shuttered but his mouth widened in a bright smile. "No more talk of serious stuff over breakfast. What does your day look like?"

"I-I have the day off but I don't think Vince or Nolan would appreciate me spending time with you given your difficult relationship."

"Do they own you body and soul?" he asked, his tone lightly teasing but there was something starkly serious about his question as well. "Surely, you get a day off from them as well as your job?"

His question only drove home the point that she belonged to the Buchanan brothers. It was an odd thing, one she was still becoming accustomed to, particularly when she'd been used to flying solo most of the time. Not that she was complaining, of course. Vince and Nolan were kind, generous, and made her toes curl on a regular basis. What more could a girl want? "They will be here in an hour," she answered, adding with a bright smile. "We're going sailing."

Disappointment showed in his gorgeous eyes but he recovered well, saying, "No worries. It's probably best. I have some details to attend to as well. But I confess, the idea of spending the day with you is far more appealing."

She smiled in spite of her misgivings. One thing was for sure, Dillon had that Buchanan charm and he wielded it well. "Why are you here?" she asked. "Something tells me it wasn't to cook me breakfast."

His enigmatic smile faded around the edges and for a split second her heart ached for him, as if he were actually hurting inside. Perhaps he was simply misunderstood and isn't the villain Vince and Nolan believe him to be. And perhaps she was being completely naive by hoping that was the case. Her Buchanans had been quite clear about their feelings about their older brother and she trusted their judgment. She had no business feeling anything for Dillon, no matter how he made her insides flutter with a simple glance, or worse, that crooked half-smile that nearly broke her heart each time.

"You're a dangerous woman," he said, startling her with his sudden observation.

"M-me? Hardly. I'm just an accountant who somehow..." Penny blushed and glanced away. "Sometimes I'm afraid they're going to realize they could've gotten someone better for their business arrangement."

"And why is that?"

She forced a laugh. "I'm not exactly model material and the Buchanans are...well, they're filthy rich. They could have anyone they want, why would they settle with me?"

"From what I can see, whatever they offered you, it's not enough," he said in a low, sultry tone that caused the air in her chest to disappear. "And judging by the soft swell of that beautiful tit, I'd say they shouldn't leave you alone for a second...especially when I'm back in town."

It took a moment for his comment to truly register then she realized her robe had gaped open, giving Dillon a perfect glimpse at her left breast. She gasped and pulled the robe closed, her mortification mingling with a breathless arousal that was so highly inappropriate she didn't know how to react. "Oh God," she said in a high squeak that was hardly dignified at all. "I'm so embarrassed."

"Why?"

"Because you just saw my boob!"

"I wasn't complaining."

She sent him an exasperated look, though a grin teased her mouth just the same. "That's not the point, it's not appropriate. Thank you for breakfast but," she said, rising and tucking her robe tighter around her "I really need to ask you to leave. Vince and Nolan will be here soon and I need to get ready."

Dillon chuckled, not the least bit put off by her request, but he countered with a shocking suggestion. "How about we save water and shower together. I wouldn't mind spending the day on the water. It's been awhile since I took in the sea air. If I recall, it's quite refreshing."

The idea of showering with Dillon caused a shudder that she tried to suppress but the gleam in Dillon's stare told her he'd caught it and was reveling in her reaction. That was just fantastic, she thought sourly. "No we cannot shower together," she snapped. "Now go." She didn't wait for him to agree or disagree this time and simply turned on her heel and marched to her bedroom. "And don't you dare just pop up in my shower either or you'll find sensitive areas under attack with a loofah," she called out stridently. The nerve of that man. What a cheeky suggestion.

***

Dillon was playing with fire but the succulent Penny McDaniels had thrown a wrench in his carefully thought out plan. He wanted her. And not just because she belonged to his brothers, although that was certainly a bonus. His little brothers could use a little payback for the stunt they'd tried to pull with Granddad. No, his fascination with Penny had less to do with his plan than his desire to feel her beneath him. She had curves in all the right places, from her big, soft breasts to the rounded swell of her hips, and he was interested in discovering all the sensitive places that made her shiver and gasp. He enjoyed the way her eyes flashed with indignation yet still couldn't hide the flare of arousal and it was that hidden spark that intrigued him most.

He'd traveled the world, making his own way, while his brothers swam in corporate waters. He'd never wanted to be a suit-wearing stiff, but granted, he could've handled things between himself and his overbearing father with a bit more tact. Hindsight being twenty-twenty, he probably shouldn't have told the old man to "go fuck yourself" when the big stand-off had gone down all those years ago. But Dillon had never been good at taking orders, even if there were dire consequences attached to his refusal.

He and the old man had never patched things up - a private regret he carried - but when he realized it was time to stop being a wanderer and put down some roots, those little fuckers had maneuvered him right out of the family estate for good. Granddad, bless his dotty heart, certainly hadn't realized what he'd been signing and Vince and Nolan had taken full advantage of that fact.

But Vince and Nolan didn't know who he'd become over the years. No longer the brash and angry youth they remembered, Dillon was as cold and calculating as the most dangerous corporate shark and Dillon wanted what had been taken from him.

The bonus, of course, was that Dillon was going to enjoy teaching his little brothers the value of never underestimating their opponent. They made a grave misstep in assuming that Dillon hadn't changed over the years, that he wouldn't notice their underhanded shenanigans until it was too late. Unbeknownst to them, Dillon had been quietly building his own empire, separate from the Buchanan stronghold, as well as keeping on an eye on Vince and Nolan's every move. He knew their dirty secrets, their private escapades. Yet, they were completely in the dark about him. Laziness and arrogance, Dillon smirked. Two qualities that made easy bedmates but disastrous partners. Well, well little brothers...time to learn the most valuable lesson of all: never underestimate your opponent and always, always guard your investments.

Dillon's smile spread as he left the apartment.

Penny McDaniels would be his first acquisition from Buchanan Enterprises.

A laugh rumbled from his chest. Oh, Miss McDaniels...you have no idea that soon...you will belong to me.

3

Penny stepped into the foyer of the expansive home where dozens of well-heeled people mingled about like schools of privileged fish and she chafed at the intense discomfort of feeling out of place. Everywhere her wandering gaze settled she found evidence of how out of her league she was in her surroundings. She tried not to fidget but her fingers itched to curl in the fine fabric of the designer dress clinging to her generous curves, pushing up her breasts like twin offerings on a carnal plate so that they swelled obscenely over the edge of her dress. Goodness gracious, her nipples were nearly exposed and she'd said exactly that when Vince had presented his gift to her. But Vince had simply smiled as if he'd been perfectly aware of this fact - and he'd approved.

Was she honestly the same woman who'd gone from wearing boring beige panties on a typical day to wearing expensive panty and bra sets that cost more than some people's salary? She shifted and grimaced as her thong wedged itself more firmly up her tush and for a split second she longed for the comfort of her boring, beige granny panties. But boring beige wasn't sexy. Tiny, scraps of lace climbing up your ass crack was very sexy, even if it was annoying as hell to feel as if you were constantly fighting a wedgie.

And damn it, if there was one thing she was desperately trying to learn, it was how to be effortlessly sexy. Oh, like her...Penny couldn't help staring just a little at the lithe woman who glided by with a champagne flute in her hand, her willowy figure everything Penny would never be, as she commanded the attention of every set of male eyes in the room. Penny had never commanded a room. She hated being the center of attention, mostly because she feared people were judging her but also because she was a bit shy, if the truth were known. And this party was like scrubbing sandpaper across a raw wound, she thought grumpily.

"You're probably the only person in this room who can actually move their facial muscles enough to furrow your brow but why mar such a lovely face unnecessarily?"

Penny jumped at the sound of Dillon's voice at the sensitive shell of her ear and shivered as a secret thrill chased her consternation that Dillon, Vince and Nolan's oldest brother, had somehow crashed this exclusive party.

"What are you doing here?" Penny asked, determined to keep things frosty between her and Dillon. She belonged to Vince and Nolan, the twin Buchanan brothers and there was bad blood between the twins and Dillon, so that meant she automatically owed her allegiance to the twins. "I thought this party was by invitation only?"

Dillon produced a slim, hand-written invitation in fussy calligraphy between his index and middle finger then with a flick tucked it back into the dark confines of his tailored suit. "Seems there are a few people who still enjoy my company. My brothers notwithstanding, of course." He gave the room a cursory glance. "Speaking of, where are Frick and Frack tonight? Surely, they didn't think to leave their little lamb in the company of wolves? Particularly when the wolves are hungry."

Penny's breath hitched at the bold way Dillon's gaze skimmed her curves before returning to her astonished eyes. She struggled to catch her breath when her heart rate threatened to spike to an unacceptable level and tried to ignore the flutterings of arousal that always sparked to life whenever Dillon was within two feet of her.

"Are you feeling all right, dove?" Dillon asked solicitously, though his handsome mouth twitched with knowing. She glared and jerked a nod, swallowing and looking away to compose herself.

"My dress is tight," she muttered. "And it's hot in here."

"Of course," he acquiesced though in truth, she knew he was simply agreeing with her because he enjoyed toying with her. Dillon Buchanan was the worst sort of man - handsome enough to make a girl forget just how bad he was and just bad enough to make a girl think of terribly sexual things with a smoldering glance - and Penny had to check herself each time he poked his head into her life. Which, as of late, seemed like a lot.

"Stop it," she said, shocking him with her terse demand. "I know what you're doing and I'm not about to fall for it."

"Oh?" One dark slash of an eyebrow lifted in mock surprise. "Do tell. What am I doing aside from providing you with a little friendly company in a room filled with strange faces? Perhaps I was mistaken in my assumption that you looked ready to pass out from sheer terror."

"I did not look ready to pass out," she said indignantly, but it was probably the fact that he was right that bothered her most. She had felt ready to crumple to the floor in a puddle of Vera Wang couture.

Penny swallowed and desperately searched for a familiar face, or more specifically, two intimately familiar faces before she tumbled into pure panic. Of course, they couldn't arrive together. No one could know about their arrangement - technically, it was illegal to own another human being, even if that human being was a willing participant - so that meant Penny had been forced to arrive on her own to a party where she knew no one aside from Vince and Nolan Buchanan, her Masters.

"Tell me, Penny, what is it about me that makes you so jittery?"

Her nose twitched at the sharp tang of his cologne as well as the subtle but alluring scent of pure masculine skin and she had to scowl to prevent herself from leaning in for a deeper inhale. "Perhaps I just don't like you," Penny replied with a cool smile that belied the heat curling in her belly. There was something about Dillon that stole her breath and made her think of things best left alone. Guilt sharpened her tongue as she added with a lift of her chin, "Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to find Vince and Nolan. They're probably looking for me as we speak."

But as she took a step away, Dillon's voice trailed at her back in a silky murmur that for all its soft delivery may as well have been shouted. "Or maybe, you like me too much..." he suggested and she shuddered, melting into the crowd of people as if the devil was on her heels.

She found Nolan laughing and chatting with a group of women but as soon as his gaze found hers, his eyes warmed with subtle heat. Although he couldn't exactly sweep her into his arms in front of everyone, she told herself she didn't need that to know she was their girl. Still, it would be nice to not have to hide in the shadows, a voice reminded her quietly. Don't be silly. Your life is the stuff of fairy tales. How many people do you know who get to pick from the newest fashion designers without worrying about the price tag?

"Ladies," Nolan drawled with a slight nod as he excused himself to join Penny at the bar. His gaze raked her body, settling on the plump pillows of her breasts and she blushed when his smile turned decidedly aroused. "You look exquisite. I told Vince that color would suit you."

Penny smiled and smoothed her hand down the burgundy dress. It really was sublime. In her past life she never would've dreamed of wearing such a bold color but it seemed appropriate given her relationship with the twins, which was sordid and wonderful at the same time.

"I'm happy you approve," she said, preening just a little. She could weather a little discomfort if it meant she was rewarded with wolfish smiles from the twins. Just seeing that subtle twist of their lips reminded her of the things they liked to do her in the privacy of her apartment, locked away from the world and anyone's judgment. If only she could escape the small voice in the back of her own mind that sounded a lot like her Papa's. She was a grown adult, not a child. She could sleep with whom she chose, she thought guiltily. But it wasn't that, exactly, and she knew it. It was the fact that she'd allowed the brothers to buy her. Like an expensive whore. Or, as the twins had put it, as a highly sought-after courtesan. Somehow that sounded much less...well, whorish. Still...

"You're not enjoying yourself," Nolan said, troubled. She glanced up with a start and realized she must've allowed her thoughts to reveal themselves in her expression. Nolan leaned forward and whispered for her ears only, "I would die a thousand deaths if I thought you were miserable in our company. What can I do to put a smile on that gorgeous face of yours?"

Her breath caught and she smiled tremulously. "Nothing so dire," she murmured with a shy glance. "I'm not accustomed to such an environment. You travel in vastly different worlds than me. My idea of a fancy dinner party might include a get-together at Red Lobster, not an exclusive party where everyone looks as if they were peeled from the pages of Vogue magazine."

"Darling, that's half the reason I adore you," Nolan said.

"What's the other half?" she asked, curious.

"I'll give you a hint," he said in a low, seductive tone that caused shivers to dance on her spine. His voice tickled her ear as he added, "it's between your lovely thighs."

She sucked in a wild breath and her eyes widened with shock at his bold admission but even as her cheeks bloomed with heat, she smiled with delight. Nolan always knew how to shock and arouse her at the same time. "Can we leave?" she asked.

Nolan sighed and pulled away with open regret. "I would love to but I'm committed to making the rounds. That's part of the gig. Networking with people who have money is what keeps us rolling in it. And trust me, with Dillon around, we're going to need to up our game."

At the mention of Dillon, Penny tried to sound casually interested as she asked, "Why is Dillon here? I mean, back in the States? He doesn't seem the type who'd enjoy pushing paper all day."

"He's not," Nolan agreed, his demeanor changing quickly. Guilt, perhaps, flashed across his face but he shut it down quickly as he graced her with another dazzling smile meant to distract her. And it usually did. But Penny couldn't help the feeling that Nolan and Vince were deliberately keeping her on the outside of something important. It also hurt that they didn't trust her with whatever big, bad secret they were keeping. All she knew was that it centered on Dillon. Something in their past. But what? It was on the tip of her tongue to admit that she'd seen Dillon at the party but for some reason, she kept that information private.

Penny worried her bottom lip in spite of the exquisite make up job that'd been applied to her face courtesy of the hair and make up artist Nolan had hired to help her with the intricate up-do that exposed the column of her neck in a way that made her feel graceful and thin, when in fact, she was really neither, but stopped when Nolan gave her a look. "You have no reason to feel substandard to anyone here," he reminded her. "Hold your head up - you're gorgeous. And you have something none of these women have..."

Penny looked up, meeting Nolan's semi-serious gaze. "What's that?"

"You have the Buchanan brothers wrapped around your finger," he answered, stealing the breath from her lungs. He grinned and leaned forward to whisper, "I know a way to liven up this party. Meet me in the restroom in two minutes."

Her eyes widened at his suggestion and she was shocked to see he was totally serious. "You mean?"

He grinned and walked away.

Two minutes seemed a heartbeat away as she made her way to the restroom and quickly locked the door behind her. Suddenly, Nolan's hands were cupping her breasts from behind, squeezing the plump flesh that filled his palms. "Have you ever had a quickie, separated by the unsuspecting public by a single door?"

"No," she admitted breathlessly.

"Put your hands above your head and brace yourself with the wall," he instructed softly as the sound of his fly opening sped up her heartrate. Was he really going to...? She swallowed a gasp as he lifted her dress to her hips, baring her behind to his gaze. Yes, he was. "Spread your legs, sweetness," Nolan said, positioning himself behind her, his cock nudging her entrance, begging for her hot sheath. Nolan's fingers gently parted her folds and used her own wetness to ease his way and within seconds, he'd pushed himself inside her.

She stifled a groan as his cock stretched her channel, feeling deliciously impaled on his shaft. There was something wonderfully naughty about the realization that they could be caught at any moment and the fear heightened her arousal as Nolan quickly began to thrust hard against her. She bit her lip as he buried himself inside her, quick thrusts in and out, everything becoming wetter and slippery inside, increasing the pleasure. She tried not to make a sound but when Nolan whispered, "God, I love to fuck you!" she dissolved into a mindlessly dirty girl intent on one thing: cumming. "That's it, baby," Nolan coaxed, his voice tight. "That's it...cum for me, baby. Show me how much you like my cock. Are you my dirty girl?"

"Yessss," she admitted with shameful abandon, gasping and not caring if God and country heard her cries. Within seconds, she shuddered as Nolan's cock hit the right spot to send her tumbling over the edge into a sweet orgasm that stole the strength from her legs and nearly sent her collapsing to the floor in a heap. Nolan's hard thrusts rocked her body until he grunted in his effort to keep his cries muffled as he came hard inside her, filling her with his warm seed. He blew out a long breath, still buried inside her and he leaned over and kissed her on the side of her neck. "That my darling, is how you spice up an otherwise boring party," he teased, slowly withdrawing and tucking his spent cock back in his trousers. She turned and sagged against the wall and he grinned. "You look gorgeous after a good fuck, you know that?" He smoothed a few hairs that'd sprung free from her complicated up-do and then after straightening himself, gave her quick brush across the lips, saying, "Clean up and then have fun and mingle, but if you want to leave early, the limousine is at your service."

"Are you going to visit me tonight?" she asked, hopeful. She hated sleeping alone and it'd been a week since either of the brothers had visited. "I miss you," she added in what she hoped was a seductive tone rather than a plaintive whine.

"I miss you, too, sweetness," he said. "I'll try but don't wait up, okay?"

She tried not to let her expression show her disappointment as she pasted a false smile on her face. "Of course."

"That's my girl," Nolan smiled and left to disappear into the throng of people.

The minute Nolan was gone, she dropped the smile, sorely disappointed. The moment the arousal faded, she felt oddly out of sorts. Staring at herself in the mirror, she quickly repaired the damage to her make up and hair, cleaned herself and then went straight to the bartender for a drink. If she were going to torture herself and try her hand at mingling, she'd need a little assistance. "Gin and tonic, please," she said to the awaiting bartender. She rarely drank but tonight seemed an appropriate time to get a little tipsy. Maybe then she wouldn't care that the brothers were too busy to visit her and it'd been too long since either had paid much more attention to her than they would an expensive lamp. It was Dillon's fault, she groused as she sipped her drink. Before he came along, they'd been inseparable. Her body had rang with pleasure as each had taken their turn with her. She longed for that sweet oblivion and it irritated that they'd simply put her on a pretty shelf to await their return as if she were a toy, easily bought and easily forgotten. And as fun as the bathroom quickie was, it was no substitute for what she truly craved: quality time.

Dillon's words had worked like poison on her mind and she gasped at her own poutiness. Goodness gracious, she was becoming a petulant child. She supposed she was still getting used to the perimeters of their relationship and she'd become spoiled with their constant, almost fevered attention. Although she'd rather poke one of those tiny shrimp forks in her eye than mingle, she steeled her nerves with the help of her drink, and forced herself to smile, laugh and - good God - flirt. She stuffed away her natural inclination to retreat from such crowds and by her third gin and tonic, she was feeling quite chatty. Downright extroverted.

From the corner of her eye she saw Vince and Nolan but she made no overt show of recognition. No one would ever guess that she was their willing sex slave behind closed doors. She smothered a giggle and realized that she was more than a little tipsy - she was nearly drunk.

But it felt good to just let go and relax. She was about to order another drink when she realized she was wobbling a bit in her expensive heels.

"Whoa there," a voice said as she stumbled into the arms of a man who happened to be in the right place at the right time to prevent an embarrassing spill on her behind. She started to smile blearily at her savior when she realized with a fluttery start that she'd landed in Dillon's arms. "My brothers are not taking very good care of their pet," Dillon murmured low enough so that only she could hear. She frowned but in her current state she was too inebriated to refute his claim. In fact, she agreed just a teensy bit. But that was bad of her, wasn't it? Why was Dillon so beautiful? Why couldn't he look horrid? With a limp and a lump on his back? "Perhaps you should call it a night," he suggested when all she did was stare.

She remembered herself and tried to pull away. "I'm fine," she lied with a bright, completely sauced smile. "It's these damn shoes that are the problem. I don't know who can seriously walk in these without becoming crippled. I think I saw these shoes in a Chinese museum where they deformed the women's feet. No women's rights in ancient China, that's for sure. And really, why do women perpetuate this need to torture themselves for the sake of a man's pleasure? I've never seen men walking around in these torture devices, that's for sure."

"That's because men don't have the lovely shape of a woman's calf, which is accentuated by a heel. I know for a fact, I would look quite ugly in a heel. However, your calves for example," he said, his voice caressing her as if they were the only people in the room "are round and soft, with just the right amount of flesh around the bone. When I see your legs, they make my eye want to travel higher to the plump curves of your inner thighs and then higher to the sweet junction between your legs. Then of course, I can't help but wonder...are you smooth and bare or do you have soft, springy curls covering that sweet pussy of yours?"

She swallowed, unable to tear her gaze away from his. Had he just...oh God, yes he had. And she was ten times the bad person that her senses had gone absolutely nuts with yearning at the thought of his dark head nestled between her thighs, feasting on her dewed folds. She remembered herself with difficulty, stammering. "I...I don't think this is an appropriate kind of conversation to have with you," she said, though secretly she wondered what it'd be like to lose herself in the arms of the Buchanan bad boy. Was he rough or sweet, perhaps a combination of both?

"Inappropriate? I don't know, seems highly hypocritical to stand on moral judgments when, in fact, you sold yourself to my brothers."

She pulled back, stung. Ouch. Unfortunately, there was nothing she could say to that so she simply lifted her chin with the intent to walk away - even if her gait was a bit unsteady - with as much dignity as she could muster. However, she was shocked to see Vince staring their way, displeasure written all over his face. He wasn't even pretending not to care or notice. In fact, he'd started to head their way. "You'd better leave," she warned Dillon, not wanting to see the brothers fight. Vince's eyes flashed with raw anger and possession, something Penny had never seen before. It scared and thrilled her at the same time.

"I believe you've had enough of the evening's revelry," Vince stated curtly to her, though his gaze was centered squarely on Dillon. "Be wary of my brother, Penny. He only wants what he cannot have and if by chance, he gets what he wants, his attention span is worse than a five-year-old child's. I don't want to see you hurt."

"Funny, that's exactly how I've thought of you and Nolan," Dillon said, smiling. "But perhaps you shouldn't leave your pet unattended for so long. I'd hate to see her get eaten by one of the many wolves walking around this party."

"The only wolf I'm worried about is you. Do yourself a favor and stay the hell away from Penny."

"If you have no interest in sharing, why bring her to this party at all?"

That was an excellent question, Penny realized and waited to see how Vince would answer.

"Butt out of our business," Vince retorted coolly. "Don't you have someone else's life to meddle in? You've been gone a long time; surely, there's someone you enjoyed toying with when you still lived here. What was her name? Belinda? Bonnie?" Vince smiled as Dillon's expression darkened. "Ah, I guess you're not interested in revisiting the past, is that it? Not that I blame you. Can't say that particular arrangement had ended well at all."

"Careful little brother," Dillon chuckled but there was a raw darkness clinging to the edge of the seemingly innocuous sound. "Clumsy fingers holding sharp rocks inside glass houses are rarely a good mix." Then he looked directly at Penny and said, "Speaking of the past...perhaps you should ask Vince about Isabel. That's a good bedtime story - one filled with just the sort of sordid twists and turns that you may enjoy."

Vince blanched first with shock then something else that Penny couldn't rightly define but made her uncomfortable. The tension between the two men was electric. She was a living, breathing buffer between them, a female shield made of flesh, bone and jumping nerves. But aside from the obvious, she had a bigger problem. She realized with a twist of agony that she was horribly aroused but she didn't know by whom.

Penny shivered and Vince mistook her reaction for one of fear. Oh, if only it was simply fear. There was something dark and dangerous about Dillon and that unknown quality pulled and teased at her innermost secret places, places she hadn't even known existed until he showed up. And, if she were honest, that was the thing that scared her. Scared her silly. She needed to get away from Dillon. Immediately. "Please take me home," she begged of Vince, desperate to put her feet back on firmer ground. "I don't want to be here any more."

Her plea cut through Vince's simmering fury and he softened in the face of her request. Mindless of the people milling about, Vince pulled Penny close and allowed his hand to possessively roam her backside until his palm rested on her behind. He squeezed the plump flesh and caused her to gasp just as he savagely took her mouth. He plunged his tongue deep inside her mouth, tasting of scotch and sin, and she melted against him. She blissfully forgot about Dillon - hell, the entire room - and simply accepted the public display of affection as if it were perfectly normal for them to show the world they were connected romantically. Vince pulled away with a satisfied, almost smug smile that was directed at Dillon. "I think I will accompany you tonight," he said. "It's been too long since I've tasted that perfect body of yours." He grasped her hand and with a final smirk at Dillon, they left the party.

#

Vince was a wreck. He didn't care that he'd outed himself and possibly created deep ripples for himself and Nolan by molesting Penny in front of anyone who had eyes to see but something dark and vicious had ripped through him when he'd seen Dillon cozying up to Penny as if he were leaning in for the kill. Dillon, the bastard, how dare he come into their lives and threaten everything they held dear. Fuck him and the horse he rode in on, thought Vince savagely as they climbed into the dark privacy of the limousine. "Drive," he barked to the driver. "And don't stop until I tell you to."

"Yes sir," the driver answered as the privacy glass slid into place, sealing the cab of the expansive luxury car into a moving private room with Italian leather and a fully stocked bar, which Vince helped himself to as the car began to pull away from the curb.

He downed the quick shot of whiskey and then closed his eyes, his blood still simmering.

"Vince?"

Penny's tremulous voice cut through his fury and he opened his eyes to regard the beautiful, succulent woman sitting nervously beside him. God, she was hot. Her tits were something out of his wettest dreams and her wide, rounded hips were made for a man's cock. Just looking at her made his blood quicken and his cock harden within his trousers. Hard to believe they were lucky enough to call her theirs. And he needed her. Badly. "Take it off," he said hoarsely, barely able to get out the words. "I want to see those gorgeous tits right now."

Penny blushed - that was one of the most endearing qualities about her. She could fuck like a wild woman, yet still blush like a schoolgirl. A rare combination that he cherished that about her - and slowly peeled the designer dress from her shoulders to reveal the tight bustier pushing up her plump tits as if in offering. He smiled his approval. "You wore the black," he said, his breath quickening at the sight of the tight black lace against her creamy skin. "And the matching panties?"

In answer, she shimmied free of the dress to reveal, indeed, the tiny black thong that was nestled between her sweet ass cheeks and barely covered the soft thatch of curls at her pussy. He groaned and pushed at the erection tightening his drawers. Penny smiled and moved to free his straining cock, her nimble fingers moving quickly and efficiently around the button and zipper. She descended on his cock, her warm mouth enveloping the head and shaft in a fluid movement that ripped a groan from his mouth with sudden pleasure. He watched with narrowed, lust-hazed eyes as she moved up and down, gripping his shaft just as he'd taught her, moving in tandem with her mouth as she worked him with the finesse of someone who'd been giving blow jobs for an indecent number of years instead of a shy, virginal bean counter who'd never even seen a penis four short months ago. He pulled the pin free from her hair, releasing all that beautiful glory from its artful restraints and smiled with satisfaction as it tumbled around her face, the ends tickling his balls as she continued to suck him with diligence. "God, Penny," he groaned, threading his fingers through her hair and griping the scalp tightly. "You suck cock as if you were born to do it." He closed his eyes, losing himself to the building waves of pleasure that started at the base of his spine and traveled an unerring path straight to every pleasure zone in his body. She teased him with slow, circuitous movements around the head and rim then plunged the tip of her tongue into the hole at the fleshy top, invading his body with that tiny, wet organ until he was panting with the extreme pleasure. He forgot about Dillon - hell, he forgot about everything - and simply enjoyed the sensation of being sucked off in royal fashion.

"Holy fuck," he moaned, unable to hold back. He stiffened as his toes curled inside his shoes and huge jets of cum hurtled from his shaft and down her lovely throat. She swallowed like a good girl, taking every last drop of his seed until he was limp and spent. "Fuck," he breathed, trying to catch his breath. "Yes...."

Penny sat back, her cheeks flushed a beautiful shade from the exertion, and he was struck by how beautiful she was. Her lush curves were still tightly contained in the lace corset, which caused her hips to flare and accentuated her generous ass. Her hair, tumbling down around her shoulders in voluptuous curls, shone in the dim light as her scent washed over him in a sensual wave. He could smell her sweet pussy and he knew she was dripping with need. The sharp scent spike a fresh wave of arousal coursing through him and he could already feel the wet, welcoming warmth of her pussy closing around his cock as he rammed it deep inside her. "Come here," he commanded in a deceptively soft tone. She smiled sweetly and eagerly climbed on top of him. Her hot core was nestled nicely on top of his slowly recovering cock. "That's my girl," he murmured, bracketing her hips with his hands. He gently rubbed the front of her panties right where her little pleasure nub was situated and grinned when she gasped and leaned into his touch. "Do you like that?" When she nodded shyly, he slipped his finger beneath the lace curtain shielding his view from her pretty pussy curls and slowly pushed his finger inside her. She rocked with little thrusts against his finger but her position prevented too deep of a penetration. She made a small sound of frustration and he chuckled as he withdrew his finger before popping it into his mouth and sucking off her juices. "Just like candy," he said, grinning right before he jerked her to him, crushing her tits against his chest. She gasped at the sudden movement, her breath quickening as he reached around and squeezed her ass cheek. Without warning, Dillon reentered his mind and he saw the way his brother had been openly flirting with Penny. That rage that'd been soothed by Penny's sweet mouth, suddenly returned, only this time it was sharpened by the need to fuck her hard. He reached behind and ripped her corset open, popping the delicate hooks in the custom-made lingerie. Her generous tits bounced free and he buried his face into the valley of those beautiful breasts. He squeezed both breasts in each palm and wasted no time in sucking a pebbled nipple into his mouth. He sucked hard, drawing as if he were an infant desperate for nourishment instead of a grown man, ravenous with lust.

"Ohhhh yes," Penny said in a sweet, breathy moan that thrilled him senseless. He loved every little noise she made when he was possessing her body. She was alternately vulnerable and shy, wild and uninhibited - nearly the perfect woman.

If only he hadn't seen the intrigue - however reluctant - shining in her eyes for Dillon. Yes...he'd seen it. The bastard...

With a growl he lifted her from his lap and dropped her to the soft cushions. She made a startled squeak but he didn't give her a chance to question and simply jerked her panties from her hips. He brought the thin scrap of lace to his nose and inhaled deeply, intoxicated by the womanly scent of pussy, and then tossed the panties to the floor without regard. He quickly shed his pants and then pulled Penny to her back, tossing one leg over his shoulder before thrusting hard inside her wet core. She cried out as he rammed his cock balls deep, groaning as he ground himself against her, forcing her to take every inch of his rock-hard shaft. He wet his finger generously and then sought out the rosebud of her behind. He slowly pushed his finger inside her ass as he fucked her hard. She cried and moaned, her hands clutching at the cushion, seeking anything to grip as he punished her body with his cock and finger, demanding every inch of her flesh to belong to him as he mercilessly drove her to the edge of that pleasure precipice and then yanked her back again, not ready to end the sinful bliss just yet. Her sheath was a nice, tight fit for the thick girth of his cock and the fact that he and his twin were the only ones to have ever fucked her was a shot of pure lust straight to his groin. "Who does this pussy belong to?" he ground out as he thrust into her so hard her tits bounced. "Tell me who this pussy belongs to!"

A flush stole up her neck as she struggled to get the words out. She gasped in answer, "You! You!"

"And?"

"Nolan," she cried out. "Oh God! Ohhhhh!"

"That's right," he growled and withdrew from her honeyed core only long enough to replace his finger with his cock in her ass after he'd lubed her hole with her own copious juices. He went slowly, giving her time to adjust, but it was torture to be patient when he wanted to fuck her so hard that he left bruises. She belonged to him and Nolan! Not Dillon. He pulled her other leg over his shoulder and pushed himself deep into her ass, rolling his eyes into his head as the pleasure of such a tight fit in her taboo place squeezed his cock, almost fighting the intrusion with the ring of muscle. He moved slowly at first but soon he was thrusting like a wild man, his balls slapping against her as he rocked her body. He licked his thumb and toyed with the sensitive clit hidden within her slick folds. She gasped out, impaled on his cock, moaning and crying as he pushed her ever closer to that sweet pinnacle of total oblivion. "Say my name when you cum," he whispered, watching with lustful satisfaction as she jerked against his thumb, stiffening as her mouth dropped open on a wail. "Say it!"

"V-Vince!" she cried, shuddering as tears slid down her cheeks. "Vince..."

He smiled forcefully around the building pleasure in his own body, no longer needing to hold back. A few hard thrusts into her tightness and within seconds, his own orgasm hurtled from his body, pumping his seed into her gorgeous ass. "Ahhh, my sweet, sweet Penny," he gasped and withdrew his spent cock. He tucked his cock away and Penny dressed.

An odd silence settled between them and Vince knew he might've gone too far. He knew ass play wasn't her favorite, even though she came harder than ever whenever he forced her to take his cock there. It was part of their dynamic - he pushed her boundaries while Nolan simply worshipped her body - but there was something different about her this time. "Did I hurt you?" he asked, worried.

"No," she answered quietly, but there was a catch to her voice that immediately sent spikes of regret through his heart. He wouldn't hurt Penny for the world. She was his girl. His ultimate fantasy. He would do anything to keep her happy. And safe.

"Come here, honey," he said, inviting her into the shelter of his arms. She went willingly, tucking her head beneath his chin and wrapping her arms around his chest. "I don't know what came over me," he lied. He knew exactly what'd changed his mood and it had everything to do with his older brother. "Sometimes you bring out the animal in me," he said, trying to lighten the mood but when she pulled away to stare at him, he knew his attempt had fallen flat. He sighed and hit the intercom, "Take us to the apartment," he instructed.

"You got it, boss."

The car slowed and then swung wide, gravel crunching under the tires and Vince could only guess where they'd traveled and how long it would take to get back.

"Do you trust me?" he asked suddenly and she startled. He leaned forward, repeating with an intense stare. "Do you trust me?" She gazed at him, uncertainty in her eyes, but she finally nodded slowly and he let out a relieved breath as he took her hand and pulled her back to him. "Then trust me when I say that Dillon is bad news. I'd rather die than let anything happen to you. Do you hear me? I know I act a little crazy when it comes to Dillon but it's only because I don't want anything to ruin what we've got going on. I mean, you're happy aren't you?"

Was that desperation in his voice? How pathetic. His fucking brother shows up on the scene and suddenly he's regressed to that whiny twelve-year-old trailing after his older brother, begging for some quality time.

"I'm happy," she answered with subdued sincerity but her eyes welled. "But I don't like not knowing what's going on."

"I know, honey. I know. As soon as Dillon leaves town, things will go back to normal. I promise."

She nodded and he was pleased to see a note of relief in her expression as well. Perhaps he'd imagined the look in her eyes when she'd been around Dillon. Hell, maybe he'd overreacted. But he couldn't be sure, not with Dillon around.

"Who is Isabel?" she asked in a small voice, bringing his thoughts to a screeching halt.

Isabel. He mentally winced, cursing Dillon all over again for bringing up the past that was long gone. He forced a smile. "Someone from the past. Definitely not a part of the future. That's all that matters."

Penny nodded and settled again against his chest but he could feel her questions, her banked curiosity as if it were a physical thing sitting beside them. Beautiful Isabel. Vince closed his eyes and pushed away the mental image of Isabel, the blood seeping from her cracked skull, staining her white-blonde hair with red.

#

The brisk breeze lifted the tendrils that'd escaped from her ponytail as Penny dug her toes into the cold sand beneath her feet. Gray clouds scuttled across the horizon, threatening rain but Penny wasn't ready to go inside just yet. Vince and Nolan had brought her to their Hamptons estate to get away from all the stress of the city - but urgent business had taken them both back on the red-eye after one day spent at their getaway. Of course, she'd offered to return with them, but they'd both insisted that she stay and enjoy the view from their multi-million dollar vacation home while they took care of business.

"Besides, we should have everything taken care of within a few days and we'll expect you to be fully rested when we return," Nolan had said with a mischievous twinkle in his eye. Penny had warmed, knowing full well what Nolan was implying, and it alternately made her squirm at the naughtiness and wet for the anticipation.

So, she'd spent the night sleeping in luxuriant down bedding in an exclusive location - completely alone.

"Well, there are worse places to be lonely, I suppose," she murmured to herself with a sigh, gazing out at the beautiful, yet moody landscape.

"It's not really the appropriate season for a stay in the Hamptons," an amused voice said at her back. Dillon. She turned slowly and met his gaze squarely. His white linen pants rippled with the breeze and he wore a sweater that would've looked geeky on anyone else but on him looked positively GQ. "They really don't have a flair for the romantic, do they? If I were going to whisk a woman away, I certainly wouldn't take her someplace cold and wet. I'd opt for some place tropical to create the opportunity to wear as little clothing as possible."

She fought the inappropriate smile that threatened as a sense of recklessness followed. He oozed sex and charm, masculine grace and powerful strength - a heady combination that was definitely hard to resist. And at the moment, she couldn't quite remember why she was supposed to be resisting at all. This was bad. She ought to tell him to leave. She ought to do or say something that would give him the message she wasn't interested. But all she could do was watch him advance, her heart rate increasing with every step as he drew nearer. She wet her lips with a subtle dart of her tongue, feeling as if she were standing on the precipice of something monumentally dangerous...or exhilarating.

"How did you know I'd be here and Vince and Nolan would not?"

"Easy. I manufactured the sudden emergency, which sent them running back to home base. I figure we have a few days to ourselves before they come huffing and puffing back to get you. But by that time...it'll be too late."

"Too late for what?" she asked.

"I want you, Penny," he said simply, leaving no room for misinterpretation. "And I think you want me, too."

"You think very highly of yourself," she said, allowing a tiny twist of her lips. "What makes you think I want to be with you? I have Vince and Nolan. I'm not sure I could fit another Buchanan into my schedule."

He chuckled. "What you have right now are the cheap imitations of a Buchanan. Once you taste the real thing, you won't have any desire for the generic brand."

It was her turn to laugh. "If this is your 'A' game, I'd hate to see your 'B' game. Does that line actually work on anyone?"

"I'll let you know over breakfast."

"Over breakfast? That's presumptuous of you."

He disagreed. "Just confident. I know what I want and I see no point in beating around the bush. I think you and I could be great together. Aren't you the least bit curious to see if I'm right?"

"No. I don't sleep with people simply to satisfy a whim or curiosity."

"So why do you sleep with my brothers? What compelled you to sign away your life for a year?"

She stilled. How did Dillon know the terms of her contract? She regarded him coolly. "I wasn't aware my business was common knowledge."

"It's not. Don't worry your sordid little secret is safe with me."

"Really? Because when I'm around you I don't feel particularly safe," she replied with complete honesty. Dillon was dangerous to her peace of mind, her sanity, but most importantly, her loyalty. When she was around him...her mind went to places best left untraveled.

"I would never hurt you," Dillon said. "I cannot say the same for my brothers."

"That's what they say about you." She looked to him, wondering if Dillon would answer her questions truthfully or if he would be evasive like the twins. "Why is there such bad blood between you and your brothers?"=

"Do you really want to know?"

"I wouldn't have asked if I felt otherwise."

"Some truths are hard to accept; they screw with your perception of a person's character."

"I'd prefer honesty to lies."

He chuckled as if he didn't believe her, which only served to irritate her. She turned on her heel to trudge back to the house when he stopped her with a firm hand on her arm. "Wait." She stopped and stared, waiting. His smile faded and he rubbed the pad of his thumb against the fabric of her blouse. Although the cloth buffered his touch, it was as if they were, in fact, skin-to-skin. She hitched a sharp breath but left her arm in his grasp. "I propose a deal," he said, his voice sliding along her nerve endings like a caress. "For every honest answer I give you, I get a kiss."

"I can't agree to that deal," she said. "My loyalty is not for sale."

"Everything is for sale at the right price."

Hadn't Vince and Nolan expressed the very same sentiment when they'd proposed purchasing her for their pleasure? Her cheeks pinked just slightly as she raised her chin a notch. She would not be a hypocrite. "One kiss," she countered.

His mouth twisted in a sardonic smile. "One kiss?"

"One," she affirmed firmly. "And no tongue."

"No tongue? That's not a kiss," he scoffed. "No. If I'm going to share dirty family secrets, my compensation should be equal to the value of the information."

She considered his statement. She supposed one kiss - even one with tongue - wasn't too much to ask. "All right," she agreed warily. "But the information better be solid. I'm risking a lot."

"Ah yes, the morality clause. Ironic, don't you think, given the nature of the agreement?"

"Not at all," she disagreed, trying not to focus on his touch. "I found it a reasonable request."

"They've asked you to be faithful during the term of the agreement and yet...did you wrangle the same agreement from either of them?"

"Of course."

"Did you get it in writing?"

She faltered. "Well, no. Are you saying that your brothers aren't good to their word?"

His gaze narrowed and he released her arm. "I am not the right person to ask that question. My opinion might be somewhat biased."

"Fair enough," she said.

"Back to the question at hand."

"Which question was that?" She feigned confusion when she knew exactly where their conversation had left off.

"The kiss."

"I thought we'd agreed: one real kiss in exchange for answers."

"Oh little dove," he said, chuckling. "The negotiations have only just begun. For example, we didn't specify what kind of kiss and where."

Her mouth dropped open and her cheeks flushed as that damnably sexy mouth of his turned up in a carnal grin. She swallowed and said in a voice she hoped was strong and not the least bit wobbly, "You're impossible. One kiss - on the lips of my mouth. Got it? Negotiations closed. Take it or leave it."

To that he simply laughed, the sound rich and deep and delightful to her senses. Why was he so handsome? Damn him. "We'll see," he quipped as he walked past her with a confident grin. "You might find the information I have to share worth the risk."

Of that she had no doubt but she wasn't about to start adding the entire Buchanan family tree to her list of conquests any time soon. One kiss, she told herself sternly. Besides, Vince and Nolan were more than everything she needed. They satisfied her sexually and financially, even if emotionally they were a little distant. It was Dillon's fault things had changed between them. She just had to keep sight of that fact.

She followed Dillon into the house and closed the French doors, instantly dulling the roar of the ocean and squawk of seabirds. The house was decorated in a seaside motif with white furniture and blue accents that she adored. In fact, the moment she saw the house, she'd fallen in love. Dillon moved around as if he were quite familiar with the layout, which told her the house had probably been in his family for years.

"Why are you and your brothers at odds with one another?" she asked, sinking into the soft over-stuffed sofa while Dillon rummaged in the kitchen. He paused and graced her with a look that said, "hold your horses," and she rested her chin on her hand while her elbow propped up her head from the pillow cushion while he finished what he was doing and joined her with two glasses of dark, red wine. She accepted the glass and took a sip, although her better judgment was warning her to steer clear of anything that might lower her inhibitions. "Where are you staying tonight, by the way?" she asked after savoring the flavor of the wine.

"Should we start with silly questions to which you already know the answers?"

Penny smiled. Such a smart ass. "You can't stay here," she warned.

"Why not?"

"Now who's asking silly questions?" she mocked.

Dillon laughed and sipped his wine. "What if I promised to be a perfect gentleman?"

"I'd say you wouldn't know how to be a gentleman even if you were raised by nuns."

"Ouch. Such a tarnished opinion of me," he tsked. "There are three bedrooms in this house. I will take whichever one you're not occupying. Sound chivalrous enough?"

"Only if you promise to stay in your bed and out of mine."

He lifted his wine glass to his full, sensual lips as he toyed with a knowing grin. "Of course. But I should add that I wouldn't mind a bit if you were to come to your senses and climb into my bed tonight."

"Not going to happen," she retorted. "Now...are you ready to start answering my questions?"

"That depends. Are you ready for the answers - and the price?"

Penny steeled herself. No matter what Dillon told her it wouldn't change how she felt about Vince and Nolan. She cared deeply for the twins. They'd opened her eyes to a new world and she didn't regret a second. But a small voice of doubt worried the back of her brain. There was certainly something the twins were keeping from her. And she had a feeling it had something to do with the woman named Isabel. She looked to Dillon who was watching and waiting her response. He looked the part of a lothario, a playboy of the worst kind, except she sensed there was infinitely more to Dillon Buchanan than met the eye. She wanted to know his secrets almost as much as she needed to know Vince and Nolan's. "Why are there so many secrets?" she murmured, mostly to herself but Dillon answered in a grim tone.

"Because money is the root of all evil."

"Do you truly believe that?"

He shrugged. "The Buchanans can certainly make a good argument for that belief."

Penny digested Dillon's statement and knew she was preparing to wade into deep waters that were possibly more treacherous than she realized but there was no turning back now. Her Papa had always warned her she had the curiosity of a cat with only one life left to lose. But she couldn't stop even if she wanted to. The questions would hound her until she lost her mind. It was either go forward or quit. And she couldn't quit. "Who is Isabel?"

Dillon's expression darkened and a heavy silence settled between them. Penny wondered if Dillon would renege on their deal but something told her he wouldn't. Dillon swirled the remainder of his wine before downing it in a swallow. "The appropriate question is, who was Isabel. And to answer that: Isabel was the woman before you."

Penny drew back, inordinately stung by the answer. "Vince and Nolan...they've made this arrangement with someone else?"

"Yes."=

"Oh," she said, crushed. "I didn't know that."

"Did they say you were their first?"

"No," she admitted, feeling stupid. "I just assumed."

"Dangerous to assume anything in this life," he advised, topping off her glass and pouring himself another. "But that's part of your charm: how willing to trust you are."

"So where is Isabel now? Do they still see her?"

Dillon laughed but the sound had nothing in common with happiness. "My little dove...Isabel is dead."

Dead? She drew a shocked breath. She hadn't seen that one coming. Suddenly, she felt ashamed for the flare of jealousy that had arisen at the mention of the woman before her. "What happened?"

Instead of answering, he countered, his eyes glittering. "I think it's time for that kiss."

"How did she die?" Penny said, stubbornly refusing to be distracted by the prospect of feeling Dillon Buchanan's lips on hers. He placed his glass on the coffee table and moved toward her like a cat stalking its prey. Penny wet her lips, her heart hammering hard enough to leave a bruise, but she even as she was pressed against the cushions with Dillon inches away from her face she tried to stay the course. "Tell me, Dillon. I need to know."

He shocked her by softly nuzzling the sensitive skin at her neck, murmuring, "Again with the wrong questions, sweet girl," he said. "The question you should be asking is...what did Nolan and Vince have to do with her death?"

Penny gasped. "What do you mean?"

Dillon pulled away, his eyes hot with sensuality and things best left unsaid. Penny felt as if she were sinking in that gaze, drowning in a dizzying whirlpool of need and want. She swallowed, barely able to breathe. "Time to pay up," he said softly and descended upon her mouth. His lips moved over hers, teasing, taking, and demanding; his tongue tangled with hers and his hand snaked behind her head to hold her tightly. The feel of his grip at the back of her skull, cradling and yet possessive, thrilled her silly. Wild, heady desire whipped through her, chasing away good judgment like a woman with a broom shooing away a feral cat. The minute his lips touched hers, her soul sang in brilliant tones with wild abandon. She clutched at his back, cleaving to him, pressing her breasts against the granite of his chest, desperate to feel more than his tongue sliding against hers. The banked embers of her inappropriate attraction sparked to life, raging with the force of creation until all sense of reason and propriety were burnt to cinders.

His hand left her head and traveled to her breast, cupping and squeezing, causing her to moan against his lips. She wanted to feel him moving inside her, thrusting so deep until she lost all sense of where he began and she ended. This was the sweetest insanity she'd ever experienced and it was ludicrous and all kinds of wrong but even so, she couldn't make herself push him away. Good God, no. Being out of his arms would've been the cruelest torture at that moment. Her fingers itched to feel his skin, her mouth yearned for the feel of his cock, she wanted to bury her nose against the skin of his thigh and groin, inhaling the masculine scent that was unique to him and him alone.

"Dillon," she groaned, lost to all sense of right or wrong. His hands, strong and sure, were creating wellsprings of lust and desire everywhere they wandered. Her liquid core was hot, sweat beaded her brow as she twisted beneath Dillon, impatient for more. She made a small sound of dismay when Dillon broke the kiss, his eyes heavy-lidded with need, and somewhat bewildered by what they'd shared. His breathing was as labored as hers and there was a fever to his cheeks that made his eyes burn like twin coals. "What are we doing?" she whispered. "I can't do this."

"Do you want me to stop?" he asked, staring into her eyes, searching. "Say the word and I'll stop. But if you don't, I'm going to take you into the bedroom and fuck you within an inch of your life. Do you understand? This is your chance to push me away and I'll go. If not...you're mine."

Say no. Say the words. Do the right thing. Do not go into that bedroom with him. But Penny did no such thing. And in fact her silence was as much an answer than as if she'd shouted the words. Dillon climbed to his feet and held out his hand. "Come."

Penny closed her eyes and slipped her hand into his, knowing she was about to step from a steep ledge without checking if she were going to land safely or flat on her face. But one thing she knew for sure...

Nothing was going to keep her from that bedroom. Not Vince. Not Nolan. Hell, not even the faint whisper of her conscience reminding her of her promise.

Tonight...she would belong to the bad boy Buchanan.

Heaven help her - she couldn't wait.

#

In the Buchanan family, is as it seems. Does Penny really want to know the truth behind the secrets and lies? Can she handle the skeletons hiding in the Buchanan closet or is ignorance better? Torn between three men, Penny must decide who is right for her - no matter the cost.

***

Here's an excerpt from Alexx Andria's hot, emotionally erotic story, ONE NIGHT TO SAY GOODBYE:

"What are you doing here?"

That single question, even as uninviting as his stark tone implied, sent a riot of goosebumps popping along Elise's skin. She remembered that voice, as if it were spoken in her ear only yesterday instead of the years between them, and her breath caught painfully in her chest. The desire to fall into his arms, regardless of the consequences, tightened her muscles and made rational thought difficult. He looked the same - God, did he never age? - not classically handsome, but unique and different, but always virile and powerful. The tension between them pulsed like a live wire, sparking dangerously within the confines of the executive office. Gage had always been ruthless in business; his penchant for the jugular had served him well, she noted as her stare flitted among the fine furnishings and dark-paneled walls. Her stare returned to his, daring him to throw her out as he should for the both of their sakes.

"I'm getting married," she said, barely able to manage the words. When she was with her fiance Scott, she felt no hesitation in saying those words. She loved him. But standing before Gage made the words seem forced from her mouth. "I thought you should know."

"Why?" His cold and distant stare might've fooled another, but Elise knew beneath that cool exterior burned a passion that distance and time had not squelched. Perhaps it had been foolish to come here but she'd known in her heart, she wouldn't be able to walk down that aisle, dressed in white, to pledge her heart to Scott when another had already staked their claim. She needed closure. At least that's what she'd told herself as she'd purchased her plane ticket to Colorado and lied to Scott about her trip.

She'd called it business. Well, it was...of sorts.

Scott, bless his naive heart, had bought her lie without reservation. And why wouldn't he? Elise had been lying to the poor man from the beginning.

"I need..." Oh God. How could she say the words? How could she tell Gage that she needed him out of her system so she could marry another? It seemed wrong...but not as wrong as the secret between them. She swallowed. "Gage...I just needed to see you."

His blue eyes - eyes she remembered roaming her body with a fever that no aspirin could ever cool - flashed and hope lit up her belly like a Fourth of July sparkler. After what seemed an eternity, he broke the tense silence with a shake of his head, his expression softening by the barest of margins. "Elise," he murmured with a hint of anger. "You should've stayed away."

She nodded. "I know." God, how she knew. "But I couldn't."

"Does he know?"

"Of course not. And he will never know."

A smile that flirted with cruelty lifted the corner of his mouth. "Why not? Your beloved doesn't deserve to know that you were once in love with your brother."

"Step brother," I whispered, tears filling my eyes at how casually he spoke of the thing that held us both hostage. And she knew with a fatal certainty that she was still in love with Gage no matter that she could never truly have him. She lifted her chin. "Scott is a good man. He treats me well and I'm a lucky woman."

"I know," he said, surprising her. She raised startled eyes to his. "I may be far, but I can't help myself it seems when it comes to you. If he wasn't worthy of your love...I'd never allow this wedding to happen."

"How did you...?"

"Elise," he said, his tone faintly patronizing. "I make it my job to know what is happening in your life. My promise to you was that I would stay away, not that I would stop caring. I've held up my end of the bargain...you, on the other hand, have broken it by coming here."

"I'm sorry," she admitted, knowing she was taking a risk. "I just need some closure so I can start fresh with Scott."

"And you thought coming here was going to accomplish that?" he mocked, shifting in his chair. The movement reminding her of a jungle cat, all sinewy and muscle beneath the silk of his skin. The subtle nod of her head was her only answer. She was too busy undressing him in her mind to form too much of a valid argument. The fact was, she had no business coming here tonight. It'd been pure lunacy to board a plane to the one man she needed to keep from her life. They were two people who could never be together. The fallout would devastate so many. Which was why Gage had moved to Colorado and Elise made a point to be out of town on the rare occasions that he visited. "And what kind of closure are you needing, sister dear? I moved three states away. I never call...aside from disappearing from this planet, I'm not sure how I could further accommodate you."

"Stop being a cold prick," she said.

"Stop being a tease," he countered, his eyes hard. "There's only one reason you would show up unannounced with that look in your eyes...you came to get fucked. As if one last time would ever be enough between you and me. We both know the answer to that, which is why I moved away. I tried to make this easier on us both. We need that distance to protect our family from ourselves. The devastation would be horrific. We both agreed, it wasn't worth it."

Tears tingled behind her eyes. Everything he said was true. His father, her mother, their blended siblings...the fallout of their love affair would shatter their family if discovered. But she knew there was no way in hell she could let Scott completely into her heart when Gage was so firmly planted there. "I can't marry him without this," she said, tears falling from her eyes. "I can't. Believe me when I say that I love him but when I close my eyes at night, you are there. You're in my dreams, my nightmares, my waking moments. I can't seem to escape the memories or the desire that haunts me." All mocking fled from his expression and he seemed as stripped bare and vulnerable as she. In that moment, they were equally miserable, wanting the one person who was off-limits for so many reasons. "I can't have you. So I will build a life with this man and have his children but tonight, I need you. I need you to help me say goodbye to the past so I can move on with my future."

"What you're asking...it won't help. It will only make things worse," he said hoarsely. "It will awaken a beast that's been fitfully sleeping since the day I left California. I've built a life here...away from you...and it has taken every shred of self-control to keep from dragging you back to Colorado with me, damn the consequences! And now you show up, begging me to fuck you so you can forget me?"

Shameful, hot tears coursed down her cheeks. The truth was certainly uglier when verbalized than when hidden behind private justifications but she held his gaze without flinching. "Yes," she admitted, not bothering to wipe away her tears. Let him see how much she hurt inside to ask. Let him know nothing she said or did came without cost. "I'm only here until tomorrow. My flight leaves a=t 10 a.m. We have twelve hours to get each other out of our systems. Then, I'm going to board that plane, sore and bruised in every way, and I'm going to forget anything ever happened between us, now or in the past. You will do the same. I will marry Scott and you will find someone you can love without restrictions. Someday, we might even be able to face one another as we should...as brother and sister."

"You're living in a dreamland," he said bitterly. "There is no one for me but you."

She closed her eyes. "There has to be. There will be. But not as long as you have me in your heart."

"This is -"

"The only way," she cut in, more sure than ever before. She advanced, resolve emboldening her step. Her nerves were suddenly calm, but excitement fluttered in her belly. She held his stare, murmuring with promise. "Time is wasting, my brother. And I need you. Now."

4

The road to hell wasn't paved with good intentions -it was paved with the promise of unparalleled pleasure.

Darkness bathed the room with the illusion of anonymity but Dillon chased away the pitch black with the soft light of the Tiffany bedside lamp. His gaze never left hers, giving her no opportunity to bail or back down. Desire and carnal hunger shone in his gorgeous eyes, beckoning to her like a siren's call that she was helpless to ignore.

The saliva dried in her mouth as Dillon peeled his sweater from hisbody revealing a landscape of perfect male flesh that made her want to kneel before him and worship every inch. "Your turn," he said, his voice faintly challenging as she continued to stand and tremble like a virgin on prom night.

"I don't know if I should do this," she said, her voice trembling. If she was with Dillon there would be no turning back, no pretending that she wasn't aroused by the Buchanan bad boy. "This will change everything." Was she ready for that? Could she handle the fallout?

"Of course it will," he acknowledged in a deep rumble. "But deep down in your heart you always knew it would." His voice traveled along her nerve endings like a caress, teasing, inviting. "Give me a chance to show you who I am. Who I want to be for you." He didn't wait for her answer, but simply took her mouth with his and showed her with the talent of his tongue the promise of the night. Penny clung to him as if he were a life raft, as if he were the only thing standing between her and utter destruction. Her heart thrilled and chased away the doubt that threatened to interfere with the momentous cataclysm heading their way. "That's it, baby girl. Give in to me. I will never hurt you."

Penny heard Dillon's words and lost herself to the promise even though she knew she was probably heading for a fall. But that was the thing, being in Dillon's arms was worth the danger, and intensified the thrill. She was likely going to regret going this far but she didn't care. It was wild and reckless but as she fell into a dizzying spiral she was happy to cling to Dillon and lose herself in the moment.

She pushed away the image of Nolan and Vince, her mind refusing to allow

anything that would disrupt the moment between she and Dillon. She suffered no illusions that when the twins realized what she'd done that they would invite her back into their bed but she would just have to cross that bridge when she came to it. Dillon 's mouth, hot and fevered, traveled along the column of her neck nibbling along the skin leaving a trail of unmitigated desire in its wake until Penny was gasping and clutching at his solid body, eager to feel him inside her. "From the moment I saw you I knew I had to have you. I'll never forget the sight of you in that blue dress, as the fabric hugged every delicious curve, accentuating your full breasts, and making me yearn for the first time in my life for something that didn't belong to me. The fact that my brothers had the right to your body was more than I could stand."

Penny closed her eyes. She didn't liketo think about the fact that she'd sold herself to the twins even as much as she loved being with them. Their arrangement went against everything she'd ever believed in, everything she'd ever been taught. Her morals, values, the internal compass her papa had given her to navigate the world - she'd traded it all for the security of money in the bank. She often wondered what that said about her, that she'd been so easily persuaded by the twins. A sudden wash of moisture pricked at her eyes and she squeezed her eyelids shut refusing to let any tears fall. She would not cry, not when she was so close to getting what she'd wanted for so long. She didn't want to acknowledge that deep down her arrangement with the twins bothered her deeply be cause then she'd have to admit her own hypocrisy. She was slave to the pleasure even if her c onscience screamed otherwise.

Just make love to me," she whispered, not wanting to think or talk. "I nee d to feel you inside me.

In a swift move, Dillon swept Pennyoff her feet, shocking her with thesudden movement. His muscles strained but she 'd never felt so safe nestled in his arms as he carried her to the bed. He laid her down gently, taking time to allow his gaze to savor every inch of her exposed flesh, causing her to blush at his bold perusal. "Strip for me, Penny." Dillon 's gaze burned with need . She shuddered at the pure desire she saw in his eyes. Not even with the twins had she ever felt so needed , so wanted. It was her choice to be with Dillon ; he hadn't paid for her body nor would he. Somehow Penny couldn't imagine Dillon ever offering a woman this typeof arrangement. She could tell by thesubtle derision in his tone when he referenced her agreement with the twins that he felt nothing but contempt for the terms. Penny s lowly reached behind to release her bra , trembling as the hooks unfastened to allow her breasts to spring free. Her breath caught as Dillon 's gaze widened with open appreciation at what he saw. H is voice is rough as he said, "now the panties." Penny felt exposed with all of her curves on display ; her soft belly , her rounded hips , her full breasts - everything that had always given her fits, every aspect of her body that had always made he r feel inferior to other women -nothing escaped his gaze.

With trembling fingers she slid herpanties free from her hips and liftedthem free but before she dropped themto the floor Dillon snagged them fromher fingertips and brought them to hisnose to inhale deeply. At her gasp, hesimply smiled, a subtle twist with a wolfish bent of his lips and murmur ed with complete satisfaction, "The smell of your pussy is better than any French perfume."

She stared, still shocked by his bold words yet secretly flattered silly by his blunt honesty. Penny blushed but he gave her little time for protests as he pressed a hot trail of lingering kisses down her belly, pausing at the bowl of her navel before settling between her thighs. He made a sound of deep satisfaction that she felt in her bones then parted her slick feminine folds with deft fingers before plunging his tongue deep into the recesses of her liquid heat, searching and finding that hot, aching pleasure button. His tongue danced and demanding, coaxing waves upon waves of intense sensation from the swollen bud until she was clenching the sheets in her fisted palms, crying out as her entire body rode the crest that his marauding tongue created with expert flicks and sucks. "Oh God, Dillon," she cried, her head thrashing from side to side, as if trying to escape the building crescendo that threatened to swamp her into oblivion. "I can't take it. Oh God. Ohhhh God!" Her cries spurred him on, driving her to that final point until there was no option but to tumble helplessly into endless pleasure. "Dillon!"

And then it happened - clenching, spasming , beautiful agony of the first rate as she came so hard that her toes threatened to cramp. She crashed back to earth, wrung out and exhausted, her chest heaving from the exertion as the waves continued to buffet her body with pleasurable sensations and she was limp as a wet dishcloth. But Dillon was anything but limp and

Penny whimpered with equal parts anticipation and trepidation as he palmed his thick, hard cock, his gaze leaving no room for confusion as to what he wanted to do to her next. She shivered and her breath hitched as he said, "On your hands and knees. I want to see that gorgeous ass of yours as I fuck you within an inch of your life."

She rolled to her hands and knees and comp lied even as she trembled.

Would Dillon want her rosebud like Vince always did? Penny squeezed her eyes shut and waited for the feel of Dillon's cock pushing at her tightly closed sphincter but when his touch on her ass cheek was soft and surprisingly gentle as he rubbed her juices along her slit, she realized how different Dillon was from his brothers. He 'd sensed her reluctance in the tension in her body and immediately made a move to soothe her fears. She glanced back shyly at him, her hair falling around her. "If you want... "

"Not this time, sweetness," he said, a protective tone to his voice that warmed her to her bones. However, he added, "By the end of the night, I'll know every inch of your perfect body.

Including here." He ran his fingerlightly down the seam of her behind, causing her breath to catch. "I promise that by the time I take your ass, you will beg for it."

Penny suppressed a shudder. She had no doubt that he had the power to make her beg. Even now, she ached for the feel of him inside her and she'd take him anyway he demanded. But even as he wasn't pushing her around in a domineering fashion, she felt he was firmly in control of their lovemaking and that awareness caused her to squirm with readiness, desperate to feel him stretching her, owning her tight channel as if she were made for him. She arched her back and leaned forward, giving him the best possible access to her most sacred place, ready for whatever he wanted to give her.

"Do it now, Dillon," she pleaded. "I need you. God, I need you!"

He chuckled with approval, but even as his finger trailed along the seam of her behind, he bypassed her rosebud and instead, pushed his finger deep inside her hot wet folds. She groaned as he penetrated her with his finger, testing her readiness. She pushed against his invading digit, frustrated when he withdrew just as he began stroking that elusive pleasure spot deep inside her . "So impatient," he teased, but she could hear the tension in his voice as he strained to hold himself in check. The knowledge that he wanted to fuck her as badly as she wanted him, was a heady thrill that she savored. The small sliver of control tasted like ambrosia. The idea that she had the power to bring Dillon Buchanan to a shaking, trembling mess, bolstered her courage and lowered her inhibitions, unleashing the wanton inside her. "Are you going to fuck me, Dillon? Or are you all talk and no action?"

"Careful, little girl," he cautioned in a silky tone. "You might get more than you bargained for."

"I can take whatever you can dish out, darling," she said with a boldly challenging smile.

"We'll see about that," he said, quickly jerking her legs out from under her so that she landed flat on her stomach with an oompf . "Change of plan," he said when she reacted with confusion. He rolled her over so that he towered over her. His face was achingly handsome, almost brutally so, and for a long moment she forget that she was supposed to be coy and witty and sensual all at once. Staring into those mesmerizing eyes, she forgot all about that. "There she is," he murmured with approval. "There's the girl I can't seem to get out of my mind, day or night."

"What do you mean?" Penny asked.

Vince and Nolan had always liked when she'd acted all wild and crazy.

She blinked in wounded confusion, the fact that she wasn't as sexually experienced poking at her confidence. Had she missed some sexual cue? One minute they'd been hot and heavy and the next everything had stopped. "Is there something wrong?" she asked, biting her lip. "I thought... "

He answered by sealing his mouth to hers, positioning his body on top of hers so that his weight pressed down on her, his cock nudging at her

opening. She instinctively wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him closer. She reveled in the feel of his tongue sliding against hers in a slow, sensual dance that immediately sparked the coals of desire back to life. Within moments, she was writhing beneath him, anxious for that moment when she felt him stretching her open, pounding his hard length deep inside her, pummeling her body with carnal intent. As if reading her mind, he reached down and guided his cock to her heat and slowly pushed himself inside. She froze, clutching at him, as the stretch of her walls accommodated his length and girth, loving how completely filled she felt by him. He was bigger than either of the twins, which had seemed an impossibility, but in fact, he was so big, she muzzily wondered how he'd managed to hide such a big package behind the cover of his jeans. When he was finally seated to the hilt inside her, he paused, sweat beading his brow as he fought to control his urge to simply pound into her, to ask, "Am I hurting you?"

"No," she answered breathlessly, feeling completely stuffed from head to toe with the baddest Buchanan in the family tree. "You're so big," she added unnecessarily with a soft squeak as he adjusted for better leverage.

He laughed at her unexpected comment and she smiled shyly. He kissed her softly, still buried inside her, to murmur, "You're damn adorable, you know that?"

"I've heard rumors," she answered, drawing him back to her mouth. Penny loved their banter but right now... she wanted more than his wit and she wasn't afraid to ask for it. "Now, please fuck me, Buchanan before I go insane."

"My pleasure," he growled, flexing his hips in a sweet, yet demanding motion that hit all the right spots almost immediately. Within moments, they were moving in tandem, working together as sweat beaded their bodies and the musk of their love making filled the air around them. It smelled of sex and hot, dirty love a combination that was insanely arousing as Penny found herself teetering on the edge of another monster orgasm. "Dillon," she panted, unable to stop herself. "I'm cumming !"

Penny stiffened as every muscle responded, contracting in perfect unison as she succumbed to the orgasm that took no prisoners as it barreled down her nerve endings. Her feminine core squeezed Dillon's cock until he could no longer hold back and flooded her with his cream. She felt bathed in his essence from head to toe, inside and out -and the feeling was unlike anything she'd ever imagined.

Dillon's heart pounded in his chest as he slowly recovered from his orgasm. He rolled to his back and closed his eyes, still trying to catch his breath. That was... holy hell , he didn't have words . One minute he was in control and the next, he wasn't. She stirred beside him and he realized something had to be said but words failed him.

That in itself was troubling. He had to be in control of the situation or else his time investment would be lost. The plan hadn't called for having true feelings for Penny. And yet...

"Dillon?"

Her soft query, laced with uncertainty pulled at his conscience, or was it his heart? No. His heart was not involved. He'd learned his lesson long ago never give another person the power to hurt you. An image of Isabel rose to the forefront of his mind and he pushed it away with a hard shove. Not welcome . He rolled to his feet without answering, striding nude to the bathroom to grab two thick, terry cloth robes. Penny was a tool, he reminded himself. A means to an end. He returned and handed her a robe before lounging on the bed again, having retrained his focus on the part he was supposed to play. "That was amazing," he said, not needing to lie about that. He found it ironic that in all the world the one woman who'd rocked his world sexually was the one who was arguably the least experienced . But, even so, Penny had a sweet sexiness about her that was hard to ignore. And those little gasps she made when she came...his cock began to thicken again at the memory. Focus, Dillon. Get your head in the game. His brothers were going to know how it felt to lose something of value, starting with their newest pet. "How's it feel to be bad?" he asked, grinning.

She blushed and tucked her feet under the safety of the robe, suddenly modest. "I don't know. Good. Terrible. Equal parts of both, I suppose." She quieted and Dillon felt exposed by the speculative silence. Finally, she met his stare with a mistrustful one of her own. "What's going on?" she asked. "Are you playing with me to get back at your brothers for something?"

Her pointed question struck at him as if she'd sucker punched him with brass knuckles. He didn't want to lie but he couldn't tell her the truth. Vince and Nolan deserved every bit of their heartache for their misdeeds and his purpose was to deliver retribution . It was an unfortunate circumstance that Penny was in the middle. "You're very beautiful, you know that?" he said, content to enjoy the view for a little while longer. He loved how she blushed when complimented, as if she couldn't quite believe that someone would find her curves incredibly sexy or that her face could haunt a man's dreams. "Tell me about Miss Penny McDaniel."

Her surprise at his interest was enough to put her off her former line of questioning and for that he was grateful but he was also curious about who the real Penny McDaniel was, not the bought-and-paid-for sexual plaything of his brothers.

She tucked her cascading hair behind her ears and rubbed her nose, an endearing little gesture that betrayed her nervousness. He realized with an uncomfortable start he could spend days getting to know the real Penny and still want to know more. When she seemed reluctant to share, he nudged her playfully. "Come on, the suspense is killing me. How does one go from mild-mannered accountant to sexy vixen in such a short time frame?"

"Sexy vixen?" She laughed, the sound ripe with derision, to ask, "Are you blind? I'm hardly what I'd consider a raging sexpot."

"Then you're the one who is blind," he countered. "Listen, sexy is a state of mind. You've got a phenomenal body that was made for a man's touch and a sharp intellect . Once you realize just how sexy you truly are... you'll be a dangerous woman."

Penny's cheeks heated but her flattered smile spoke volumes. Dillon liked the way her lips teased with a smile, as if she were trying to hold it back but simply couldn't manage to quell the happiness flowing through her. The fact that he'd put that silly smile on her face? Dillon was fairly certain he was treading on unstable ground. A few more smiles like that and he'd yearn for more , which wasn't on his agenda. "You're the one who is dangerous," she murmured, shaking her head. "You're like the pied piper, seducing women with the sound of your music, watching as they dance their way straight into their own doom."

"I'm not sure if I should be flattered or insulted," Dillon said. "But I think I'll choose to be flattered in this case."

"You would."

"Clever deflection but I'm still waiting to hear Penny's story. Something tells me it's a good one."

"Then get ready for disappointment."

Penny shrugged. "My story isn't all that interesting. I came from very humble beginnings. My papa worked hard to put food on the table and a roof over our heads but he taught me what was important in life."

There was something in her voice that caught his attention, something that she probably would've rather remained hidden. She was ashamed of something. "Where is your father now?" he asked, keying in on the note of pain in her voice.

"Gone. Congestive heart failure. He died in his sleep. The doctor said he probably never knew what hit him." At the mention of her father, Penny's eyes watered and he felt compelled to comfort her, which was no small tragedy to have her back in his arms , though he had to remind himself he was playing a part, not auditioning for a permanent role . She settled into the cove of his shoulder and rested her head on his chest. Why'd she have to feel so perfect snuggled up to him? He shifted subtly, uncomfortable with his own thoughts but Penny didn't seem to notice and continued sharing . "He was all I had. Losing him had been the worst blow of my life. I never thought I'd recover. I'd always dreamed that my papa would walk me down the aisle, play baseball with his grand kids, and be there forever. I never saw it

coming that he'd been sick. I should've been more diligent about making him go to his yearly doctor appointments but he hated doctors and hospitals. He said the best way to get sick was to hang out where the sick people were."

Dillon chuckled. He wasn't much a fan of hospitals and doctors himself. Back before he'd said sayonara to the family, there'd been an expectation that he'd go into medical school if not the family business . That hadn't turned out well. Dillon had never handled being domineered very well. Too much piss and vinegar as Granddad used to say with a delighted chuckle. The old coot had been a funny bastard with an odd sense of humor and Dillon had loved him for it.

Penny pulled herself upright to meethis gaze. "Enough about me. Youdidn't come up here to hear my lifestory. Ever since you arrived Vinceand Nolan have been on edge and now, I have all these questions swirling around in my head. No one will tell me what's going on and I'm getting tired of being in the dark."

Dillon regarded her with quiet consideration, wondering how much she would want to know about her precious twin masters. Likely he could shatter her illusions with a few choice stories but that plan could backfire and he couldn't take the chance. "My brothers and I had a falling out." He shrugged. "Nothing more exciting than that. Happens in the best of families I'm told."

"You're lying to me," she said flatly, surprising him. "You're just as bad as the twins. I'm good enough to fuck but not good enough to spend the night and sleep beside or share personal details that matter. I'm a person, not a lamp for crying out loud."

Her impassioned outburst colored her cheeks with bright spots of pink and he knew the wrong response would be to simply push her down to the mattress and fuck her silly, though the idea held strong appeal, but she was downright delectable in her passion. "Penny, you make it hard to concentrate," he admitted, his gaze straying to the gap in her robe, reminding him of the first time he'd caught a glimpse of her creamy globes back in the apartment.

He'd sprung wood so quickly he was surprised he hadn't knocked the breakfast table over. "If you belonged to me, you would never sleep alone."

But even as her face flushed at his declaration, Penny wouldn't be distracted by pretty compliments this time. Her jaw tensed and her gaze hardened. "I want to know about Isabel."

All jocularity fled at the mention of Isabel's name. It was hard to remain the cool, impassive wall of stone when your defenses were breached unexpectedly. Penny had a way of catching him off-guard that was certainly a liability. "I told you already. She's dead."

"You also implied Nolan and Vince had something to do with her death.

What happened? They won't tell me.

Will you?"

"I'll tell you about Isabel... if you tell me why you sacrificed your morals and everything you believed in to sign on the dotted line of my brothers' contract."

She stared, her bottom lip trembling.

"What makes you think I'm ashamed?

Maybe I'm perfectly content belonging to Vince and Nolan. They are very good to me."

"Because it's written all over your face when you talk about your father.

He'd be appalled at what you've done, wouldn't he? Was your particular arrangement what he'd had in mind for his little girl?"

"That's none of your business."

"Fair enough." His tone hardened.

"Neither is Isabel."

Heavy silence weighed between them for a long moment but Dillon caught the stubborn tilt of Penny's jaw and knew she wasn't going to give up just yet. "Isabel meant something to you," Penny said , cocking her head as she regarded him with open speculation . "Did you love her?"

"Yes." The sound came out more bitter than he'd meant to allow but the pain, no matter how many times he'd tried to bury it, always managed to leach its way to the surface.

"Did she love you?"

"I thought she had. But then, when you're a Buchanan, who knows how anyone truly feels about you. I was a young fool," he said, twisting his mouth in a parody of a smile.

"Something, I assure you, I am not any longer." He no longer wished to talk about Isabel, no matter that he'd baited her with the information. Dillon hadn't been prepared for the emotional backlash created by sharing such a painful part of his past with Penny and he was feeling like an inept schoolboy for his failure to prepare for all possibilities.

"This is a conversation without a happy ending. Let's leave it at that." Please Penny. Her deep, dark eyes bored into his soul, promising salvation that he didn't want or trust.

At this stage in his life, he'd learned the only person you could trust was yourself. Particularly when beautiful women were involved.

Penny didn't know how she felt about the revelation of Dillon and Isabel. It wasn't as if she'd expected that the Buchanan men hadn't lived full lives before meeting her, but she'd be lying if she didn't admit to territorial feelings towards them all. "I'm a good listener," she said, hoping that Dillon would open up to her in a way that neither twins would. She ignored the fact that he'd already practically growled at her for even mentioning Isabel's name. She sensed that there was a deep, dark wound festering inside of Dillon and she felt the need to help him. "If you were in love with Isabel, how were Vince and Nolan involved?"

Dillon looked away, but not before Penny caught a glimpse of the raw pain inside. "You're like a badger,tenacious to a fault." It didn't sound like a compliment by the way he phrased it but Penny refused to be stopped. She needed to know what secrets were tearing apart the Buchanans .

"I guess that's not the worst thing I've ever been called." Penny waited.

When Dillon realized she wasn't going to give up he sighed and relented,though why he wasn't sure. He hadn't planned to reveal too many details about Isabel until it furthered his purpose but a part of him needed to share with Penny, if even superficially. "Isabel was my fiance."

Penny absorbed this information. Whoever this Isabel was, she'd managed to wrangle Dillon into the promise of marriage. That in of itself seemed like a feat worth admiring. As much as Vincent and Nolan professed to care for her, Penny clung to no illusions. When her contract was up, she'd likely have to look for a new job because it would be downright awkward to keep passing them in the halls when she went back to being an accountant instead of their privileged assistant "Did she die in an accident?" Penny couldn't imagine any woman voluntarily leaving a Buchanan.

Dillon 's expression hardened. "Do you want to know what killed Isabel?

Greed. Bottom line. And I'm finished with this conversation."

"Dillon, wait... " Penny called out as Dillon strode from the room in open agitation. She swallowed her cry of frustration. She had no more answers than before and now she had more questions. Something bad had happened to Isabel. Something that ha d to do with all three Buchanan's. She had no doubt that all three were guilty in some way and all three were shouldering the weight of that guilt in different ways. It was hard to fathom Vince and Nolan doing something heinous to a woman knowing how much they loved women but she also knew that Dillon wasn't lying to her.

Isabel was dead but her ghost followed the Buchanan family.

While Dillon was out of the room s he took the opportunity to clean up . By the time Dillon returned with the tray laden with food she was hoping his mood had improved. She didn't want to spend this time with Dillon fighting. "I'm sorry for prying," Penny said. "I just hate to see everyone fighting. Wasn't there a time when y ou and your brothers got along?"

Dillon 's mouth played with a smile.

"Are you hoping for a three-way with the Buchanan boys?" He asked almost cruelly. She blinked back tears. No, that wasn't what she'd been thinking. Frankly the idea made her feel a little nauseous. Her dignity was hanging by a thread and doing that would likely snip it in half. Dillon took her silence as a sign that he'd wounded her. His expression softened. "I'm sorry, that was uncalled for. Sometimes I'm a real bastard. But then you probably knew that already."

"I'd heard rumors," she said with a wan smile, not quite sure how to go forward. "I get the message loud and clear. Don't pry. You think you're so different from the twins but you're really not. They don't like the prying either but they are just nicer about their methods of dissuading me. But here's the thing, I'm a human being with thoughts and feelings and the fact that none of you seem to care abou t that, makes you all the same."

"I'm nothing like my brothers."

"I find it funny that you don't see it. But in my uniqu e position, it's quite obvious."

Penny could tell she wasn't making >any points. She didn't care. Someone had to say the raw truth even if none of them wanted to hear it. She didn't know if the rift between the Buchanan brothers was so wide that it could never be bridged but she did know that she didn't want to be in the middle.

"Why did you want to be with me?" Penny asked.

"I think I've already established the why. I'm attracted to you. Was there any doubt of that fact?"

"I think your interest goes deeper than simple attraction. As much as I would love to think that I a m just an object of undeniable desire, I'm not blind to the fact that I would be a useful pawn in your little game. What I'm telling you is that I am not stupid and if you're using me at least give me the courtesy of knowing."

"You're unlike any woman I've ever known. And I've known a lot of women. I don't say that to rub in your face or to brag but to show you just how special you are. Don't get me wrong I didn't expect to feel this way about you. And it messes with my plan but I could no more stay away from you than my brothers because you have something special. You're like a drug. And I don't know if that's a good or bad thing. All I know is that I can't get enough of you. And I sure as hell don't want to share."

Penny sucked in a tight breath. To have Dillon admit that she was under his skin felt like a win, even though she didn't know the game rules. " What happens next? Vincent and Nolan will return once they realize you were the one who manufactured the reason for them to leave and when they find out about you an d me... It's going to get ugly."

"They don't deserve you."

"Well, that's a matter of opinion ," Penny murmured. "I feel that I've betrayed them in the worst way and they didn't deserve that. They've given me more than I ever imagined possible. They introduced me to sex and all that it entails , but more

importantly, they introduced me to you. I don't know if that's a benefit or tragedy. Sometimes it feels a little bit of both."

"I could say the same about you."

She smiled. " So we have a few days. I feel as if we're wasting precious time that could be better spent doing other things." Penny's heart leapt when Dillon 's smile warmed with her implication. "Everything might change when my masters return but we belong to each other right now."

Dillon shed his robe, his glorious body causing her to heat with desire, and joined her in the bed. Penny realized there would never come a moment that

she wouldn't savor the sight of Dillon staring at her with open hunger. He didn't see her plump body as something that needed fixing but rather as sexiness in its purest form. In Dillon's eyes she felt like a goddess. "Why couldn't I have met you first?" she whispered as Dillon's mouth descended on hers. He saved them both by not answering because the answer didn't matter.

Penny lost herself in the sensation of being Dillon's girl. The fact that he didn't want to share -that he wanted her all to himself -made Penny mad with need. Although the twins made her feel desired, at times, she also felt used, which always crashed the good feelings. But with Dillon, all she felt was wonderful goodness. When she was in his arms, the world -and all of its ugliness disappeared.

Was this what love was supposed to feel like? She didn't know but she wanted to think that love felt as wondrous as this.

Was it more naive silliness on her part to even consider the possibility that she was falling head over heels in love with Dillon? Likely. But she didn't care. It didn't matter that she'd only known him a very short time.

Everything about him felt right. Particularly when he made love to her. Yes. Made love. She'd said it. Vince and Nolan liked to fuck. But Dillon made love to her, she was sure of it.

Dillon held her head, his touch as urgent as the nudge of his cock against her ready heat, and she sank into his possession of her body, savoring every sensation. He nuzzled her breasts,sucking in each nipple and drawing hard on the sensitive berry until she was gasping and writhing beneath him. His mouth did terrible things to her ability to think straight and she was about to lose every bit of sense God gave her, offering up anything Dillon wanted, if only he would ask. "Your skin feels like perfection," he murmured against her flesh, moving from one breast to the other, teasing the hardened tips of each breast until she ached with need and pure lust. "So perfect."

Her breath came hard and fast as he rolled her over and pulled her hips up, framing each generous cheek with the splay of his hands as he admired the view. She was too aroused to be embarrassed and simply arched her back and groaned, "Please, Dillon. Take me! Any way you want. I'm yours!"

His finger, rough and thick, dipped into her channel and withdrew, slick with her own arousal. He used her juices to generously lube her swollen pleasure nub before gently pinching the aching bud, causing her to cry out and shudder. He murmured his approval at her reaction and continued to slowly rub to a heightened state of wild abandon. She couldn't take much more. "I'm going to cum," she warned, panting as she tried to hold back. "Please! I need your cock inside me, Dillon! Please don't make me cum alone!"

"Never, little dove," he said but he hesitated, slowly torturing her with the sensual attention. "Do you want me?

Tell me how much you want me, sweet girl."

"I want you so bad, Dillon. So bad." She was nearly weeping, shuddering as she longed to feel him stretching her in every way. "You can have me any way you want. Just fuck me till I scream !"

"Any way?"

She squeezed her eyes shut as her thighs trembled, on the verge of tumbling over that ledge. "Yes," she whispered. "God, yes."

"Are you sure ?"

She nodded, too mindless to care. She was like a cat in heat, yowling with pure, uncontrollable desire. "Yes," she sobbed, arching her back further, eagerly anticipating that familiar burn that would quickly melt into unimaginable pleasure. " Yessss ... ." Penny was shocked when she felt a soft pressure against the rim of her rosebud, then shuddered when she realized Dillon's tongue was teasing her opening, coaxing it to relax before penetrating her. His consideration made the tension ease within her body and within seconds, she felt the soft head of his cock pressing at her puckered rose. Without much pushing, his cock slid into her dark passage and she let out a loud moan as pleasure ricocheted through her body at the taboo contact. "Ohhh, Dillon," she cried as he slowly pumped in and out, each thrust rubbing a particularly sensitive spot inside her. Sweat popped along her skin as the pleasure began to mount. Never before had she enjoyed such a penetration like this. Dillon groaned with each flex and thrust, ramping up her own arousal as his sounds of abject enjoyment intensified hers.

His fingers tightened around the soft flesh of her behind as his thrusts became more desperate. "God, Penny... Ohhh, yes... yes... fuck, yes!" Hearing him release created a flood of pleasure rushing her way and within seconds she followed, tensing and contracting as her orgasm crashed down around her, taking all sense and good reason with it as she nearly blacked out from the intense pleasure.

Dillon collapsed to the bed, breathing hard, his spent cock dribbling onto his thigh as he fought to catch his breath. Penny moaned, unable to stop herself as wave after wave of post-orgasm spasms rocked her body. It was as if they would never end as Penny was buffeted again and again by the pleasurable sensations. It seemed several minutes passed before the waves finally receded and a long satisfied sigh rattled from her chest.

"That was incredible," she admitted, bursting into laughter at the cliche nature of her statement. She turned to regard Dillon and found him grinning. "I mean it. I know I don't have a whole lot of experience but that was... well, pretty damn awesome. Do you think we could do it again soon?"

He feigned exhaustion but she could tell that he would be more than ready to rise to the occasion if she so much as snapped her fingers. She giggled. Who knew she'd be the one to turn into a raging sex machine? She supposed with the right person anything was possible. She sighed happily, content to forget everything

but the things that made her content and that included the forgotten food Dillon had brought. She jumped up and brought the tray to the bed, surveying his selection.

Yum All manner of assorted expensive cheeses and crackers with grapes and pears. "Even the snacks are fancy," she murmured mostly to herself as she loaded up a cracker with the cheese array. Dillon followed her lead and tossed a few cheese slices into his mouth with a few grapes, too.

"So," she said amid bites. "Tell me something about yourself that isn't dark and depressing. Something nice." Dillon made a show of thinking and then coming up empty, which prompted her to throw a grape at him. Dillon laughed and dodged the flying fruit. "Hey, what can I say I was the black sheep of the family. I take that responsibility seriously."

"Of that I don't doubt. But there has to be something you can share with me that isn't terrible or depressing."

Dillon grinned and popped another grape, chewing slowly. "There was that time I saved a puppy from a tree on our property... "

Her eyes widened with sympathy.

"You saved a puppy?"

Dillon graced her with a semi-serious patronizing expression. "Come on... dogs don't climb trees."

"Oh. Well, how was I supposed to know? I've never actually had a dog.

We could never afford a pet and then when I moved out on my own it didn't seem fair to the dog that I worked such long hours. I didn't want the dog to get lonely sitting in my apartment. Worse, I didn't want to come home to dog poop everywhere."

"You poor thing. No dog? Ever? That's borderline child abuse. Every kid should have a pet of some sort." "What was your dog's name?" "Randy."

"Randy? That's a bartender's name. Why'd you name your dog, Randy?"

"I found him on Randy Street."

"Really?"

He laughed. "No, not really," he said, admitting with a mischievous grin.

"He was the horniest dog I'd ever

known. Even after he was fixed he would hump anything that moved. It got to the point where I thought maybe he had a problem. But he was just a dirty little terrier was all. I loved that dog. He was the best."

"How long did you have him?"

"All though high school and some college."

"Did he die of old age?"

"Unfortunately, no. He got hit by a car."

"Aww

... I'm sorry. That sucks. How come you never got another dog?"

He sighed and popped another grape. "Same as you I guess. Too busy.

Didn't want the dog to be alone while I worked an hour day."

She sobered. He was a workaholic,just like his brothers and yet he didn't work for Buchanan Enterprises. "Do you miss your family?"

"I miss my granddad. You would've liked him. He was an ornery old bastard who liked to pinch the asses of fine ladies and didn't know the meaning of 'politically correct.' He always made me laugh. I think we're a lot alike and maybe that's why we got along so well. My granddad built Buchanan Enterprises from the ground by being ruthless in business, but even though his competitors called him a bastard, or worse, they knew him to be a man of his word. If nothing else, Granddad earned their respect. He didn't care what others thought or said about him; he lived by his own code.

When the rest of the family turned their back on me, Granddad never did."

"It must've been hard to be cut off from family," she said.

"Yeah, it was at first. But I found my own way eventually. Granddad always kept tabs on me, made sure I was getting food in my belly and a roof over my head. Although, he had a messed up sense of humor. Before I started making my own money, he used to put me up at various hotels. Except I think he got a kick out of finding the shittiest rat hole he could find just to hear the horror stories later. But, I have to admit, staying in those crappy hotels created a drive in me that I never realized was there until I >was forced to rely upon it for survival. I guess, in a way, he did me a solid by making me stay in those terrible places."

Penny laughed, the rueful sound tickling him in places he'd thought were long dead. "Did you ever thank him for his blessing in disguise?"

"Hell no. I told him payback would be when it was time to put him in a home and I found the crappiest nursing home to stick him in where they served up nothing but grape gelatin and stool softener sandwiches . He dared me to try it and he'd have my balls cut off and delivered to me." Dillon chuckled at the memory of their ribald conversations. God, he missed that old man. "He was a card. Always kept you on your toes, that's for sure."

"The twins never talk about anything personal with me," Penny admitted, her smile fading. "Makes me feel as if I'm not truly a part of their lives, which seems an odd thing to say given our unique arrangement."

"Penny, you aren't a part of their lives," he said gently. "You're a plaything. A toy that they purchased to use at their whim. You say they've been good to you, but what kind of men persuade a woman a virgin no less to sell herself to them? Doesn't that seem like the opposite of good men?"

She bit her lip, hating that Dillon's logic made a certain amount of sense. Her papa would've condemned them on the spot for making such a filthy offer to his only daughter. If only to try to wipe away that look on Dillon's face, she tried explaining her reasoning. "When I first started working for your brothers I was awestruck by them but I was fairly certain that they'd never noticed me. I mean, you should've seen the women they often dated in a word: gorgeous and I, sort of, started to crush on the twins in the same way you would some unattainable movie star. When I was invited to the house, I never dreamed that it was for anything aside from work. Then, they made their offer and I was so star-struck at the time that I couldn't help but say yes. By the time I realized what I'd done, it was too late . But the twins have been good masters. They've never been cruel or asked me to do anything disgusting and they've been good to their word as far as the money goes."

Dillon remained quiet and she worried that perhaps she'd made things worse but Dillon surprised her by kissing her deeply. She stared in wonder as he pulled away. "What was that for?" "Because I wanted to."

Penny smiled, liking the sound of that. "Feel free to do it again whenever you like."

"I will." Dillon moved in and claimed her mouth, only this time harder, with more urgency. They kissed until they lost sense of time, taking time to linger and savor each other and when they finally pulled apart, Penny knew for a certainty that both were faced with the realization that things were changing between them, even if neither were ready for the complications. She needed to taste him on her tongue, wanted his cream to fill her mouth so that she could swallow every drop, retaining a small piece of him forever. It was silly, even borderline weird, but she desperately needed him before she lost him forever.

She moved down his firm abdomen, pressing kisses against the slightly furred love trail that led her to his rapidly stirring cock. She lovingly slipped the soft, squishy head into her mouth, reveling in the musky taste of their lovemaking that remained from their last session, and gently coaxed the firm length to harden until it was ready and straining against her lips. She nuzzled the fleshy head, rimming the underside with the clever tease of her tongue, openly delighting in the grunts and moans that Dillon couldn't hold back. Soon, his fingers threaded through her hair, and he was flexing his hips against her mouth, the pleasure too much for him to contain. A powerful ripple of arousal shook her to her bones as his breathing became harsh and his muscles strained against the urge to blow. "Quick, I'm going to cum," he rasped with a moan as he attempted to persuade her to slip his cock inside her before he came. But she wanted to push him past that point of no return. She wanted to know what it felt like to harness that sexual power and bring the mighty Buchanan to his knees. "Ahh ! Holy fuck!" he gasped, stiffening as his grip on her scalp tightened almost painfully but she was to aroused to care. She worked him harder and faster, sucking in an unfailing rhythm that sent him crashing into a wall of abject pleasure. Penny swallowed everything he had to give her in big, greedy gulps, nearly choking when the rush became too much but she wanted it all. Before the Buchanan brothers, she never would've imagined that she could ever swallow a man's seed the idea had been disgusting but she felt oddly territorial about Dillon and thus, wanted every precious drop of his essence.

Oh, how things had changed how she'd changed. Would she ever be the same person she'd been? God, she hoped not.

"Ahh Penny," Dillon said on a satisfied sigh. "A man could get spoiled by this kind of attention."

She grinned, happy to have pleased him. "Tell me I'm the best you've ever had even if it's just to massage my ego," she half-teased.

He sobered, his gorgeous eyes lighting with something that immediately took her breath away but it was gone in an instant and she wondered if what she'd seen had simply been her imagination. For a heartbeat, Penny thought she'd caught a glimpse of deep emotion behind those sultry eyes. Dillon rose up and pulled her roughly into his arms, clutching her possessively. His hands roamed freely across her body, pausing to squeeze handfuls of her large breasts as if he couldn't get enough of her. She trembled at his touch as his hand sought the heat of her pubic mound. The sensitized skin leapt to life as his fingers grazed the damp slit between her thighs. "Penny, you are the best I've ever had," he said quietly, his faintly ironic tone pulling at her. "That's half the problem."

"Why?"

"Because I'm not the right person for you, Penny. No Buchanan would be the right man for you."

Her heart stuttered painfully as old insecurities rose to jab at her. "Don't you mean I'm not good enough for a Buchanan?"

"I meant what I said." His finger dipped between her folds and gently stroked the nestled nub, making it hard for her to hold onto sense or reason.

"You deserve a man you could bring home to your father if he were still alive, a man who didn't live in the shadow of ugly secrets."

"I don't care about your secrets," she said, squeezing her eyes shut as her breath quickened. "I want you, Dillon."

"No, you don't," he assured her in a fatalistic tone as he nuzzled her neck while slowly building the pleasure

until she began to squirm "I'm. ruthless, cold, and cruel on my best days. On my worst, I'm unbearable."

"I don't believe you," she said, swallowing a cry as the sensations began to circle the target. "I... I... think you're eaten by guilt and that makes you... ohhh , God... makes you think you're worse than you... are. Ohhhh .that's it, that's it! I'm cumming, Dillon!"

Sweet oblivion overtook Penny as she succumbed to the orgasm that Dillon had given her with the power of his fingers and settled with a deep sigh against his chest, melting against him as if her bones were suddenly made of powder. He brought his finger to his mouth and after inhaling her scent left behind, he popped his finger in his mouth and sucked it clean. She blushed but secretly enjoyed that he found every aspect of her irresistible. It seemed completely natural to lie naked together -and unlike the twins - Dillon was in no rush to leave. In fact, he seemed content to lie with her in his arms. In this place, it seemed possible to shut out the world and ignore all the reasons why they were embarking on a doomed journey.

They showered together, enjoyed dinner, and then found themselves curled on the sofa, laughing and sharing stories like an old married couple. It was surreal and wonderful and Penny savored every stolen moment. Until, the front door crashed open and the twins strode in, looking angry as hell and ready to kill someone.

"You bastard," Vince snarled as soon as he saw Dillon and Penny cuddled up on the sofa. Penny flinched at the hard gaze Vince settled on her and actually shrank against Dillon for protection.

" Sonofabitch," Nolan swore under his breath, coming to stand beside Vince. "You just couldn't leave well enough alone, could you?" Directed his question at Dillon, who seemed coldly amused by their show of rage. "Pretty proud of yourself, aren't you?"

"You're early," Dillon responded with a subtle irritation to his tone. "I didn't think you were smart enough to figure out the ruse for at least two days."

"Yeah, well maybe you're not as smart as you think you are," Vince shot back, his eyes twin coals of burning rage. "That's always been your problem ... too damn full of yourself to realize you're just like everyone else: fallible."

Penny nervously sat up and tried using reason before World War III broke out. "We need to talk," she started but Vince cut her off.

"There is nothing to discuss. Go to the car and wait for us there."

Penny looked to Dillon for backup but he was too busy staring daggers at his brothers. "Dillon?" she ventured, needing him to have her back. "We can all talk like adults, right?" "Penny," Nolan said, quietly but firmly. "You signed a legally binding contract. You belong to us. Please do as Vince told you."

Tears stung her eyes as pure mortification washed over her. She hated being reminded so crassly of their arrangement, even if Nolan was only stating the bald truth. Penny suddenly felt Dillon's stare and she turned to him, unsure. "I... " want you to stand up and defend me. Please Dillon, tell your brothers what I mean to you. But Dillon simply watched as if testing her.

"Looks like your pet has a rebellious streak," Dillon said, a cruel smirk on his beautiful face. "Maybe you should treat your pets with more regard." "Stop calling me a pet," Penny snapped, her nerves ready to fray as jaggedly as her heart. "Why are you acting like this?"

"He's acting like the bastard he is," Vince said. "Dillon has always done what Dillon wanted, no matter the cost to anyone else."

"Tsk tsk, little brother. I'm not the only Buchanan with a penchant for wanting what doesn't belong to him."

Vince's face colored and he looked ready to bury his fist in Dillon's mug. "Watch yourself."

"Why?"

"Because you're gunning for what's been due to you for a long time."

Dillon started forward, his eyes glittering. "So ready to play the hero. Must be nice to be able to conveniently forget your part in Isabel's death."

Vince's gaze shot to Penny, then returned to Dillon to mutter tersely, " Stop dredging up the past. Some of us have no interest in wallowing in our own misery. "

Penny couldn't help herself and held her breath in the hopes that finally the mystery would be revealed about the woman before her. She needed to know what'd happened to Isabel, even if knowing 'shattered her illusions,' as Dillon had put it.

" She was my fiance," Dillon said, his voice deadly calm with a razor's edge of hatred and fury.

Nolan looked away, the shame of whatever guilt he carried mirrored in his expression. "Dillon... let it go. She's dead. Nothing we say or do will bring Isabel back."

"You're right about that, little brother," Dillon agreed. "But I think your little dove deserves to know what you did to her."

"Stop." Nolan nearly pleaded. "Leave it be."

"What happened?" Penny asked tremulously. "What did you do?"

But Vince cut in, silencing Nolan before he had a chance to speak again. "Your hands are not clean, though you like to play the victim. Isabel never would've left you if you hadn't thrown away any chance of a future with the family. You made that choice, not us."

"And you were right there to help her pick up the pieces, weren't you?" he sneered. "Couldn't wait to put your cock inside my woman and offer her your demented little deal except when you realized she was pregnant, you panicked and cut her loose. You're the reason she took a swan dive from the roof. How you live with yourself I haven't a clue."

Penny stared dumbfounded. "Isabel was pregnant?" Nolan swore under his breath before nodding. "Whose baby was it?" she whispered, unable to believe how much that revelation hurt.

Dillon barked a hollow laugh. "Who knows? She was stuffed with plenty of Buchanan cock in her brief tenure on the Buchanan payroll. It's anyone's guess."

"Stop it," Penny said, wincing at Dillon's callous remark. Even though she sensed it came from a place of raw pain, she hated that he wielded his pain like a weapon. "Just stop." She moved slowly away from Dillon, not sure what to think or feel. She hated to see how quickly he changed, going from loving and sweet to rude and mean in a space of a heartbeat. She needed time to think. She rose slowly and Nolan gathered her into his arms protectively. Penny shivered at the narrowed stare Dillon sent her.

"Such a good little pet." Dillon's subtle smirk cut her to the core .

"Your papa would be so proud."

"Stop it," she cried, hating that Dillon was being so unkind to her when she'd done nothing to deserve his cruelty. "What is wrong with you?"

Vince shook his head, disgust in his tone. "He only cares about himself.

He's always been that way. Get your things, Penny. We're leaving."

Penny spared one last glance at Dillon and she knew the image of him, lounging in a deliberately casual position with a fuck you smirk on his face, would haunt her dreams. He'd used her to get back at his brothers. Somehow, deep down, she'd feared that his motivation hadn't been pure but she'd clung to the hope that she was wrong.

God, it hurt to be so grievously mistaken .

"See you at the board meeting, little brothers..." Dillon called out, taunting the twins as they rushed her out the door to the awaiting Town car . Once inside the darkened confines, both Vince and Nolan punished her with an angry silence that echoed with the guilt of her betrayal. But even as she was willing to acknowledge how much she'd screwed up, a part of her was sobbing at the loss of something she'd thought was going to be special.

Dillon had used her the facts were plain. But her body still remembered the feel of his mouth on hers, the feel of his possession and she knew nothing would ever erase the elation she'd felt belonging to the bad boy Buchanan... if only briefly.

Is Dillon as heartless as he seems or is he protecting a long broken heart? Penny must discover if she's better off taking the easy, but less passionate, road with the twins, or fighting to heal the shattered pieces of the bad boy Buchanan to have the love of her dreams. But is Dillon's heart simply too damaged to be healed? And is it a risk Penny is willing to take?

Don't miss the last two installment s of the Billionaire Brothers series.

In the Buchanan family, is as it seems. Does Penny really want to know the truth behind the secrets and

lies? Can she handle the skeletons hiding in the Buchanan closet or is ignorance better? Torn between three men, Penny must decide who is right for her no matter the cost.

***

Here's an excerpt from Alexx Andria's hot, emotionally erotic story, ONE NIGHT TO SAY GOODBYE:http://amzn.to/SXdGc

"What are you doing here?"

That single question, even as uninviting as his stark tone implied,sent a riot of goose bumps popping along Elise's skin. She remembered that voice, as if it were spoken in her ear only yesterday instead of the years between them, and her breath caught painfully in her chest. The desire to fall into his arms, regardless of the consequences, tightened her muscles and made rational thought difficult.

He looked the same - God, did he never age? -not classically handsome, but unique and different, but always virile and powerful. The tension between them pulsed like alive wire, sparking dangerously within the confines of the executive office.

Gage had always been ruthless in business; his penchant for the jugular had served him well, she noted as her stare flitted among the fine furnishings and dark-paneled walls. Her stare returned to his, daring him to throw her out as he should for the both of their sakes.

"I'm getting married," she said, barely able to manage the words. When she was with her fiance Scott, she felt no hesitation in saying those words. She loved him. But standing before Gage made the words seem forced from her mouth. "I thought you should know."

"Why?" His cold and distant stare might've fooled another, but Elise knew beneath that cool exterior burned a passion that distance and time had not squelched. Perhaps it had been foolish to come here but she'd known in her heart, she wouldn't be able to walk down that aisle, dressed in white,to pledge her heart to Scott when another had already staked their claim.She needed closure. At least that's what she'd told herself as she'd purchased her plane ticket to Colorado and lied to Scott about her trip.

She'd called it business. Well, it was...of sorts.

Scott, bless his naive heart, had bought her lie without reservation. And why wouldn't he? Elise had been lying to the poor man from the beginning.

"I need..." Oh God. How could she say the words? How could she tell Gage that she needed him out of her system so she could marry another? It seemed wrong...but not as wrong as the secret between them. She swallowed. "Gage...I just needed to see you."

His blue eyes - eyes she remembered roaming her body with a fever that no aspirin could ever cool - flashed and hope lit up her belly like a Fourth of July sparkler. After what seemed an eternity, he broke the tense silence with a shake of his head, his expression softening by the barest of margins. "Elise," he murmured with ahint of anger. "You should've stayed away."

She nodded. "I know." God, how she knew. "But I couldn't."

"Does he know?"

"Of course not. And he will never know."

A smile that flirted with cruelty lifted the corner of his mouth. "Why not?Your beloved doesn't deserve to know that you were once in love with your brother."

"Step brother," I whispered, tears filling my eyes at how casually he spoke of the thing that held us both hostage . And she knew with a fatal certainty that she was still in love with Gage no matter that she could never truly have him. She lifted her chin. "Scott is a good man. He treats me well and I'm a lucky woman."

"I know," he said, surprising her. She raised startled eyes to his. "I may be far, but I can't help myself it seems when it comes to you. If he wasn't worthy of your love...I'd never allow this wedding to happen."

"How did you...?"

"Elise," he said, his tone faintly patronizing. "I make it my job to know what is happening in your life.

My promise to you was that I would stay away, not that I would stop caring. I've held up my end of the bargain...you, on the other hand, have broken it by coming here."

"I'm sorry," she admitted, knowing she was taking a risk. "I just need

some closure so I can start fresh with

Scott."

"And you thought coming here was going to accomplish that?" he mocked,shifting in his chair. The movement reminding her of a jungle cat, all sinewy and muscle beneath the silk of his skin. The subtle nod of her head was her only answer. She was too busy undressing him in her mind to form too much of a valid argument. The fact was , she had no business coming here tonight. It'd been pure lunacy to board a plane to the one man she needed to keep from her life. They were two people who could never be together. The fallout would devastate so many. Which was why Gage had moved to Colorado and Elise made a point to be out of town on the rare occasions that he visited. "And what kind of closure are you needing, sister dear? I moved three states away. I never call...aside from disappearing from this planet, I'm not sure how I could further accommodate you.""Stop being a cold prick," she said."Stop being a tease," he countered, his eyes hard. "There's only one reason you would show up unannounced with that look in your eyes...you came to get fucked. As if one last time would ever be enough between you and me.We both know the answer to that, which is why I moved away. I tried to

make this easier on us both. We need that distance to protect our family from ourselves. The devastation would be horrific. We both agreed, it wasn't worth it."

Tears tingled behind her eyes.Everything he said was true. His father, her mother, their blended siblings...the fallout of their love affair would shatter their family if discovered. But she knew there was no way in hell she could let Scott completely into her heart when Gage was so firmly planted there. "I can't marry him without this," she said,tears falling from her eyes. "I can't.Believe me when I say that I love him but when I close my eyes at night, you are there. You're in my dreams, my nightmares, my waking moments. I can't seem to escape the memories or the desire that haunts me." All mocking fled from his expression and he seemed as stripped bare and vulnerable as she. In that moment,they were equally miserable, wanting the one person who was off-limits for so many reasons. "I can't have you. So I will build a life with this man and have his children but tonight, I need you. I need you to help me say goodbye to the past so I can move on with my future."

"What you're asking...it won't help.It will only make things worse," he said hoarsely. "It will awaken a beast that's been fitfully sleeping since the day I left California. I've built a life here...away from you...and it has taken every shred of self-control to keep from dragging you back to Colorado with me, damn the consequences! And now you show up,begging me to fuck you so you can

forget me?"

Shameful, hot tears coursed down her cheeks. The truth was certainly uglier when verbalized than when hidden behind private justifications but she held his gaze without flinching. "Yes," she admitted, not bothering to wipe away her tears. Let him see how much she hurt inside to ask. Let him know nothing she said or did came without cost. "I'm only here until tomorrow.

My flight leaves at a.m. We have twelve hours to get each other out ofour systems. Then, I'm going to board that plane, sore and bruised in every way, and I'm going to forget anything ever happened between us, now or in the past. You will do the same. I will marry Scott and you will find someone you can love without restrictions. Someday, we might even be able to face one another as we should... as brother and sister."

"You're living in a dreamland," he said bitterly. "There is no one for me but you."

She closed her eyes. "There has to be. There will be. But not as long as you have me in your heart."

"This is -"

"The only way," she cut in, more sure than ever before. She advanced , resolve emboldening her step . Her nerves were suddenly calm, but excitement fluttered in her belly. She held his stare, murmuring with promise. "Time is wasting, my brother. And I need you. Now."

5

Dillon sat in the dark nursing his celebratory scotch long after his brothers had hustled Penny off in their awaiting Towncar to speed away as if he were the devil. He'd accomplished his goal by planting a seed of destruction in their little world and he'd used Penny to deliver the poison. Hell, maybe he was the devil after all.

His plan had worked nearly to perfection. He could be fairly certain his brothers were twisting their guts in a knot knowing he'd been inside their pretty, gullible pet, and while that gave him a certain amount of pleasure, he couldn't entirely revel in the victory knowing how deeply he'd cut Penny.

Why did he care? Penny was a tool - a means to an end.

He could tell himself that all night but he doubted it would assuage the creeping guilt beginning to tighten his chest like mistletoe choking out its host. Dillon rose and refilled his glass, staring into the amber liquid as if the answer to his dilemma were in the smooth depths.

This was for Isabel, he reminded himself with no small amount of irritation at himself for wallowing in useless self-reproach. And possibly, his unborn child. Who knew if Isabel had been carrying his child or his brothers? But just knowing the possibility existed made it imperative that his brothers pay for their sins.

Your hands are not clean, either. You're far from innocent.

His brother's voice cut at Dillon and he winced as a different memory bloomed in his mind.

"Fuck them. I'm not going to play their stupid games. No one is going to tell me how to live my life," Dillon had shouted, still hot as hell at his father for trying to push him into a life he didn't want. Isabel, her fair hair falling like silk across her shoulders, tucked the tresses behind her ear, distress marring her fair features but Dillon was too pissed to care how anyone else felt at the moment. All he knew was that his dick of a father was trying to force him to be something he wasn't. "I don't need their fucking money. I'll live on the streets before I take another dime."

"Dillon, you're angry. Calm down before you make a decision that will affect the rest of your life. You've never been poor; you don't know the first thing about being on your own. Maybe it's not a bad thing your dad is asking - you need a career of some sort, right?"

Dillon looked at Isabel, freshly irritated that she wasn't immediately taking his side. Where's the fucking unconditional love? "Whose side are you on?"

"Yours," she said quickly. "But...what will you do for money if you're cast out of the family?"

He cast her a dark look. "I'm not totally helpless. I don't need their money. I'd rather sleep in my car than accept another dime from my father."

"Didn't your father buy your car?" Isabel asked tentatively. When Dillon shot her a dark scowl, she continued in a rush. "Baby, listen to me. You're being rash. You've grown up accustomed to living in the lap of luxury; you don't know how to be on your own. Everything you own belongs to your family. Please don't make a decision you can't take back. You don't know what it's like to be alone." She tried to reach out to Dillon but he cut her down with a cold stare. "Please Dillon...I'm on your side. I love you."

"You have a funny way of showing it by telling me to suck up to my father for the scraps from his table. I never realized how useless you think I am," he said caustically.

"I don't think that at all! But you don't know what you're doing. The world isn't going to fall at your feet just because you're a Buchanan unless you have the Buchanan cash to persuade them and your dad is just giving you a chance to make your mark. Why is that so bad?"

"That just goes to show how much you don't know about the Buchanans. My father isn't interested in helping shape my future; he just wants to control me. If I give in to his demands, it will never end!"

Tears glistened in Isabel's eyes and he knew she hadn't heard a word he'd said. All she could see was the gravy train coming to a grinding halt if he got tossed on his ear. Suddenly, instead of seeing the woman he was in love with standing before him, all he saw was a gold-digger and his rage crested the wall of control. "Unbelievable," he muttered, shaking his head. Isabel's crestfallen expression pushed his anger sidewise and he lashed out at her, saying, "Go on, get the fuck out of here if you're so inclined to agree with my family. Chase after the money, Isabel."

"Dillon, wait!" She tried to stop him but he flung her hand from his arm with a snarl, too angry to care that he was being reckless and cruel to the one person he loved. He had to get away from the hypocrisy, the lies and most of all from his disillusionment that Isabel hadn't cared about his money. She was just as petty and shallow as the rest. Fuck her. She cried, "Dillon!"

But he hadn't stopped. No, in fact, he'd made the biggest mistake of his life - one that would haunt him for the rest of his life.

Dillon squeezed his eyes shut as he tried to push the memory farther from his consciousness but Isabel's stricken expression haunted him. Had she known she was pregnant already when he'd kicked her to the curb along with everyone else in his life? Had she felt scared and alone with no one to turn to? He'd been a bastard but his brothers had taken it to the next level; they'd swooped in on a vulnerable girl during a desperate moment and taken full advantage.

He drained the scotch. Hating himself for a myriad of reasons - for being a cold, heartless bastard, for not knowing when to quit, for destroying every single good thing in his life - but mostly, God bless it, because his brain kept replaying Penny's shattered expression at his betrayal. Why did he care so much? Why did it feel as if hot needles had just been shoved into his heart? Forget it...he didn't want to know the answer.

#

The oppressive silence in the cab of the Towncar made Penny want to jump from the moving vehicle if only to escape the judgment in Vince and Nolan's hurt and angry gaze.

"Why?" Vince was the first to break the silence with a terse demand. "Why did you do it?" Penny didn't have time to answer. Vince's anger had begun to boil over in a torrent of words that made her flinch and cause tears to spring to her eyes. How could she explain something she didn't understand herself? She was mortified and humiliated by her own gullibility - and yet, there was a piece of her that desperately refused to believe that everything she and Dillon had shared had been a farce. "He's a liar and a soulless dick," Vince shouted, pushing his hand through his hair, agitated. Penny winced and wiped at her eyes, ashamed that she still wanted to talk to Dillon, to see for herself if he'd truly done this despicable thing to simply hurt his brothers. "We warned you. Why didn't you fucking listen? What is it about Dillon that makes women lose their minds?"

Penny wisely remained silent and simply cried in the darkness. If either could tell she was crying, neither was inclined to comfort her, not that she expected them to. She'd screwed up. "I'm..." she didn't know what to say. Her throat closed as she struggled to find the words that would convey how she'd felt - how he'd made her feel. God, for a blinding - and glorious - moment she'd thought she was falling madly, deeply and inexorably in love with the bad boy. Now, she just felt sick to her stomach for being so naive as to think that she would be the one to tame the wildest Buchanan. Chubby Penny. The one who never got asked to school dances or admired for anything other than her brains. Sure. That made total sense. She wiped at her dripping nose and for lack of a tissue, had to wipe her hand on her pants. What a colossal mess she was in. Oh, Papa, I never should've taken the deal. What am I going to do with myself now?

It seemed an eternity before the brothers dropped her unceremoniously off at the apartment without so much as a terse goodnight and as she finally climbed into bed, each sore muscle reminding her of the scorching sex she and Dillon had had mere hours ago, she shuddered under the blunt force trauma of a bleeding heart. She felt broken - shattered into a million pieces and left to die - and there was nothing left but to weep into her pillow like the sorry loser that she was. Dillon didn't want her and she didn't know where she stood with Vince or Nolan. Good gravy, they could barely look at her but it hadn't mattered; she'd seen disgust in their eyes. Would they ask her to pack her things? Clearly, she was in breach of contract - she quaked at the ramifications - but why'd they bring her back to the apartment if they were planning to kick her to the curb? But did she want to remain their girl? How could she? Regardless of how Dillon felt, she knew she'd given her heart to him and she didn't know how to function as if nothing had happened. She closed her eyes and moisture seeped from the corners to wet her pillow as she hugged it tight, breaking inside from the pain and heartache.

#

"Stop pacing you're giving me a headache," Nolan said to Vince as Vince wore a hole in the Audubon carpet. He lounged against the overstuffed chair, drumming his fingers lightly against the fine fabric. The situation with Dillon had gotten out of control but how did one stop a runaway train? Their sins were legion - the Buchanans excelled in debauchery not good deeds - but seeing Penny so destroyed plucked at a chord deep inside him that rang a little too closely to regret for his tastes. "Your anger is clouding your judgment. Stop plotting your revenge for a second and listen to me." Vince stopped but rewarded Nolan with a dark scowl. "We need to decide what the hell we're going to do about Penny."

At the mention of their succulent, yet soiled plaything, Vince snarled. "She broke the rules. She must pay the consequences."

"Come now brother, you and I both know Penny was no match for Dillon's charm. More sophisticated women than Penny have fallen for his honeyed words and been left broken-hearted for their troubles. Should we truly punish her for being outmatched? We're the ones who should accept the blame. We didn't prepare her adequately."

"He did this on purpose."

"Of course he did."

"So what are we going to do about him? Put him in the ground?" Vince growled.

Nolan made a sound of impatience. They couldn't kill their brother over a woman. Vince flopped onto the chaise, his dark hair mussed, his eyes glittering from beneath the dark strands. "What the fuck does he want aside from messing with our lives? Why couldn't he have stayed under whatever rock he'd crawled out from?" he muttered, closing his eyes with irritation. "He ruined our Penny. She was so perfect, so exquisite. You know that little breathy moan thing she does when your cock stretches her tight, little pussy? I can cum just hearing that little sound. It's the hottest thing I've ever experienced."

Nolan agreed. Plowing their pretty Penny had been a delight. But knowing that Dillon had touched her so intimately...argh! He wanted to punch that fucker in the mouth for taking what didn't belong to him! Nolan calmed himself before he became as riled as his twin. They didn't need to rage and bluster - they needed a plan. "Bottom line...do we still want her? Or do we turn her loose?" he asked.

Vince's eyes opened and his mouth tightened in a grim line. "I still want her."

Yeah, that was the crux of it. He wanted her, too. "She might not want us any longer. What do we do about that?"

"We could force her. She signed a legally binding contract."

Nolan shot his brother a look of contempt. "Seriously? Like that's going to hold up in court, not to mention it's illegal to buy another human being. I don't even want to think about how many laws we're breaking for our adventure. Besides, you and I both know the contract is more for the mental part of the game rather than anything truly binding."

"Yes, but Penny doesn't know that."

"I'm sure Dillon has told her by now. Likely he delighted in sharing how flimsy our hold is on her, the bastard," Vince muttered darkly. "Why couldn't he have contracted some grave illness while traipsing around the uncivilized world?"

"Because he has the luck of the Irish," Nolan answered, sighing as he flicked a tiny piece of lint from the arm of the chair. "You know," he mused quietly, not quite sure if he ought to voice his opinion on this particular score given how volatile Vince became whenever the past was brought up. "We've never tried sitting down and talking with Dillon about everything that happened with Isabel."

"Are you mad?" Vince barked and Nolan knew his twin was wrestling with the same hefty guilt as he but he showed it in a different way. "What good would that serve?"

"I don't know. It just seems we've let this terrible thing fester in our family...maybe it's time to let it go."

"Fuck, Nolan you sound like a woman. First of all, Dillon isn't going to just 'let it go' so we can hold hands and sing Kumbayah around the campfire. He believes we murdered his ex-girlfriend. How do you get past that? He never will." Vince shifted and his gaze bounced away as he added with a shrug, "Maybe it's a blessing, you know? Isabel's death...I don't know. Fuck it, I don't know what I'm saying."

Nolan remained quiet. God, all their hands were filthy when it came to Isabel. How they'd fucked up. They'd been young, dumb and full of cum as the saying goes and no one had been more modeled after that saying than the Buchanan twins. And Isabel had been the prettiest girl they'd ever seen - almost ethereal with her fine-boned features, white-silk hair and delicate disposition...hell, they would've done just about anything to get their cocks inside that soft flesh. Only they'd realized too late that Isabel hadn't been playing a game, she'd been trying to secure a future for the baby inside her that none of them had known about. "Fuck," he murmured, rubbing at the sudden ache in his chest. The coroner's report had stated the fetus had been twelve weeks - which meant the baby had been Dillon's but she'd never said a word to any of them about being pregnant. Nolan wished he could say they would've cared. They'd been such selfish pricks - all of them.

And Dillon seemed hell-bent on rewriting history, a history where he came out the victim instead of one of the people who'd had a hand in Isabel's death.

"Stop thinking about her," Vince warned in weary tone as if he only knew Nolan was stuck in the past because he was replaying a nightmare reel as well. "Nothing we do or say will bring her back."

"Yeah. I know. Are we making the same mistake? Penny isn't like Isabel but she's fragile, too."

"We're not making the same mistake," Vince assured him. "Penny knew the stakes when she signed on the dotted line. We never played with her heart, ever. We can't say the same for Isabel."

Nolan nodded but still felt like shit. "We need to woo Penny. She's been through a lot and it's our faults. We can't punish her for what happened."

"She's in love with Dillon," Vince said. "What do we do about that?"

Nolan winced. "Do you think it's love?"

"Did you see how cozy they were playing house? It might not have been real for Dillon but it sure as well was for her. She's totally in love with him."

"Damn, you're right." Nolan hadn't wanted to admit it but he'd seen the glow in Penny's expression right before Dillon had revealed his true nature and she'd been near blissful. It'd been the first time he'd seen her like that and he was certain she'd never looked that way with either of them. The realization twinged a bit but Nolan wasn't ready to concede defeat just yet. He sat up and a slow smile spread across his face. "The answer to our problem is simple."

"Yeah?" Vince retorted dryly. "Lay it on me."

"We need to remind Penny what she loved about us. At one time, she was our girl. It's time we remind her why."

Vince returned his brother's smile as he warmed to the idea. "Are we talking wine and dine, pamper her like a princess and then fuck her raw?" Nolan's grin was answer enough and Vince's bad mood began to dissipate. "Hell yeah. I'm on board with that plan. When do we start?"

Nolan fished his phone from his trousers and dialed a florist. "We start now." He waited a minute and then said to the awaiting florist. "I'd like two dozen fire and ice roses delivered, please. Put on the card, 'To our darling Penny...all is forgiven...'

Nolan disconnected the call and he and Vince shared a laugh as they jumped from their chairs to prepare for the most epic of all rebounds.

#

When the doorbell rang Penny nearly skittered out of her skin as her hand fluttered to her chest to calm her wildly beating heart. Good God. Her first thought was Dillon and she hated herself for the hopeful leap in her pulse that followed. Stop it, Penny. He's not coming back for you.

When the florist stood with the most brilliant, breath-taking array of red and white variegated roses, she couldn't speak for a moment and simply gestured to the table. The florist smiled and placed the flowers on the table, saying, "Someone thinks you're special. These are very hard to come by. And very expensive," she added with a wink.

Penny nodded but she couldn't get her throat to work. Could the flowers be from Dillon? Flowers didn't seem his style but then, she didn't really know his true style as he'd likely been playing a part the whole time he'd been with her. Tears stung her eyes fresh and she ripped open the card, half-hoping they were from Dillon so she could shred the card into a million pieces. But when she read that the exquisite flowers were from Vince and Nolan, she broke down completely. Damn it, why couldn't Dillon care? She sobbed into her arms, not sure what to do with herself when she felt so completely lost and alone. Dillon didn't want her. Plain and simple. But the twins were trying to make amends. She lifted her head and wiped her nose to stare at the blood-red and stark-white blend of roses. Just like the twins to send the very best. She plucked a single rose from the vase and inhaled its sweet scent. Papa, what should I do? She had no right to seek the wisdom of her Papa when she knew full well what he would've thought of her arrangement with the twins but she missed his firm voice advising her, helping her choose from right or wrong. It was all wrong but the pleasure was sinful, she sighed unhappily. She was a slave to her body's needs now that the Buchanans had awakened that sleeping part of her. She deserved punishment for how she'd grievously betrayed the twins when they'd been so good to her. Vince was the best at exacting the most mind-blowing pleasure from carefully orchestrated pain. Nolan's touch was sweet and more giving. She refused to remember how Dillon's touch had made her forget that anyone else had ever known her body but the memory singed her thoughts.

"Strip for me, Penny."

Penny squeezed her eyes shut at the recollection of Dillon's bold instruction but she could still see the burn in his gaze that heated her insides with one smoldering glance. Her thighs trembled in memory, her core melted and ran with sweet liquid, and she knew that if Dillon were to show up this very second, she'd shamefully allow him to fuck her again and again. God, when did she become so weak? She'd never known what she'd been missing back in the days when she'd been the forgotten, chubby accountant at Buchanan Enterprises because she could count the number of dates she'd been asked out on with her hand. Her papa had warned her to guard her treasure - well, she'd guarded it so well, men had stopped looking. Until the Buchanan brothers that is.

She sighed. Dillon wasn't coming back to her. Was it possible to go back to the way it was with the twins? They'd forgiven her but would there always be this terrible thing between them? Squatting like a fat, ugly toad making its presence known with a guttural croak each time they tried to forget and move on? Could they truly forgive her for allowing their hated older brother not only get inside her body, but her head?

And heart.

Penny groaned and pushed herself away from the table and those gorgeous roses that she didn't deserve. She didn't know what to think any more and she didn't want to feel either. She wanted to drift into a black sea of nothingness and remain there until Dillon Buchanan was a distant memory.

If only that were possible.

#

"Dillon? Did you hear what I just said?"

Dillon's attention snapped to the lawyer he'd hired to set his affairs back to rights after his brothers had tried to wipe him from his granddad's will and forced himself to get back to the business at hand. He'd been thinking of Penny again and how he wished he'd handled things a little differently, possibly less hurtful to her. The point had been to screw with his brothers, not necessarily hurt Penny. Once he'd fucked her, he'd accomplished his objective but he hadn't really considered the collateral damage.

He kept seeing her stricken expression replaying over and over in his mind. He'd give anything to blot out the image so he could get some damn sleep again.

"Yeah, sounds good," Dillon said with a mild nod, more interested in catching a glimpse of Penny than he was of the dry legalese his lawyer was spitting out. "Thanks."

The lawyer, a spindly man with a balding pate and a dour expression that rarely changed, looked with distaste at Dillon's obvious disinterest in whatever he had to say in spite of his diligent work and collected his paperwork. "The original will and trust will be reinstated as soon as the paperwork clears the state offices. Congratulations, Mr. Buchanan. You are once again a wealthy man." He closed his briefcase with a resounding click and followed with a brief smile.

Dillon cut him a short glance. "I was already a wealthy man. This was not about money; it was the principle."

"Of course." He sniffed. "My office will send the closing bill. Good day, Mr. Buchanan. Pleasure doing business with you."

Dillon watched him leave and returned his attention out the wide glass window, wondering where Penny was and what she was doing. He already knew she hadn't been at the office - those twin brothers of his probably had her holed up in the apartment while they fretted and fumed about the situation - and it occurred to him that he might pay her a visit if he wasn't sure she wouldn't lob a candlestick or some other heavy object straight at his head.

God, he'd sure as hell deserved far worse.

He stared for a long moment without seeing any of the glorious view of the city below and he wondered how things might've been different if he hadn't set the wheels of today's situation in motion all those years ago. He was a different man than the hot-headed young man he'd been but it seemed not by much if one were to judge by his current snit.

He was angry with the twins - no, angry was too gentle of a word, he'd been furious - but it wasn't only that they'd tried to underhandedly wrench the last tie he had to the Buchanan legacy, it was that they hadn't even considered picking up the damn phone and talking to him first. They'd taken the pussy way out and tried to muscle a senile old man into doing their dirty work for them. For that alone, they deserved a swift kick in the ass but their comeuppance was long overdue for what they'd done to Isabel.

Vince and Nolan deserved to have their names sullied, their financial future wiped out, and their status downgraded but if they deserved such punishment, he did, too.

Every single day he served penance for what he'd done to Isabel. How were the twins paying their due?

Dillon swiveled away from the window and dropped the file the lawyer had left behind in the drawer beside him and for the first time felt uncertain as to what his next move should be.

The next phase of his plan was ready. He had the power to destroy his brothers but whereas before he'd been single-mindedly focused on his goal, now he found himself hesitating. It was all Penny's fault. Before she came along, he would've had no trouble following through with his agenda.

Before Penny, nothing could've shaken his focus.

A long exhale escaped his chest as he gave into the memory of losing himself in her plump, soft body. Penny embodied feminine grace with her rounded curves and billowing breasts, though she didn't have an ounce of self-awareness, which only sweetened that vulnerable part about her that he seemed to have caught a vicious craving for. He could very well lose his mind replaying every touch of her fingertips or slide of her mouth; every sigh and moan that slipped from her parted lips as he pleasured her until she cried and quaked beneath him. He'd never been so consumed by one person and the feeling alternately frightened the shit out of him and drove him to do something reckless - such as try and see her.

Step away from the crazy juice, he warned himself. Seeing Penny was the worst thing he could do and he was clearly off his game for even allowing the thought to cross his mental threshold.

The world was filled with pretty, curvy women - hell, he could spend some time in Brazil and find a handful of women to bury himself in who were nothing but tits and ass - he didn't need to obsess on the one woman whom was the worst fit for him.

He scoffed at the idea of inserting Penny into his world. What a nightmare that would be. He wasn't the kind of man who believed in commitment and Penny, in spite of her cockamamie agreement with his brothers, wanted a man to love her and only her. Plus, he traveled in debauched circles that would likely curl her sweet hair into knots. The parties, the orgies...he couldn't even imagine exposing Penny to such a filthy lifestyle. She deserved better. That was the bottom line and it didn't matter how he danced around it or tried to turn it into something that it wasn't...the fact remain clear: Penny deserved more than being relegated to someone's fuck buddy.

She deserved far more than any of the Buchanan brothers could provide.

At least he knew that.

If only he could convince his brothers to turn her loose.

And if by some miracle they agreed...would she want to leave?

#

Penny tried not to fidget but her nerves had gotten the best of her. The twins had requested her presence at the main house - the last time she'd been there, her life had been irrevocably changed. Some might argue, not for the best - and the butterflies in her stomach were presently doing aerials and loop-de-loos, which made being still difficult.

Vince and Nolan appeared looking devastatingly handsome as always in their casual yet finely-tailored clothing and Penny was struck by how alike all three brothers were in looks yet vastly different in temperament. She had no idea what to expect but as both welcomed her with warm, adoring smiles, she swallowed and allowed a tremulous smile in return. "You wanted to see me?" she asked, twisting her fingers behind her back until Nolan gently pulled her toward them.

"Penny, the last few days have been a nightmare for everyone. We thought in order to start fresh we need to wipe the slate clean and how better to do that than where it all began?" Vince grinned and his gaze flicked to the ornate carpet of the library and her cheeks colored at the memory of what had happened there. Nolan drew her clasped hands to his lips and pressed a sweet kiss on the tops, smiling sensually. "One of our most treasured memories is when we accepted the gift of your body - and your virginity - to us right here in this room. Although some might try to convince you otherwise, what happened between us wasn't some tawdry exchange; it was beautiful. Our brother, Dillon, has made you believe that we're monsters who only use people for their own purpose but Penny, ask yourself this...have we ever made you feel less than anything but a treasure? We have gladly lavished you with the finest things and if there's anything you want, you have but to ask and we'd happily procure it for you. All we ask in return is your loyalty."

Penny nodded but felt something stuck in her throat. They were being so sweet, so loving. How could she be sure about her true feelings if they were always so accommodating? Shouldn't they hate her? She'd promised to be true and then had leapt into bed with Dillon. Oh God. She was the worst sort of tramp there was. "I'm sorry," she murmured with a mournful shake of her head. "I've betrayed your trust in the worst way." What else could she offer but the truth? "I wouldn't blame you if you never wanted to see me again."

"Penny, you sweet little goose...we adore you. We aren't ready to turn you loose," Nolan said, drawing her to the chaise and sitting beside her. Vince joined them on her other side. Both brothers flanked her, the warm, sharp scent of their cologne beckoned with seductive promise and as wretched as she felt inside, she wondered if it were possible to go back to the way they were before. There'd been a time when she would've done anything to be in their peripheral much less in their direct line of sight. Before Dillon, that is.

Vince's touch on her shoulders made her jump and he tsked at her reaction, "So tense, lover. Relax. Let us remind you what you adored about belonging to us." She closed her eyes as his touch worked out the knots in her shoulders and she relaxed bit by bit against his firm hands. Vince always knew how to work her body, whether it was bent over his knee as he paddled her behind to a warm rosy red, causing her to buck against the pain, or teasing her nipples with fingers and tongue as he readied her for his cock. "Tell us what you want and we'll give it to you," he murmured against the sensitive shell of her ear, his breath teasing and warm. "We've missed our little plump peach and the feel of her body against ours. All that's happened before this moment is forgiven. We know you didn't mean to hurt us. Dillon is a master manipulator and we were fools to underestimate him with our most treasured possession. Forgive us, please," Vince finished, his voice a silken slide against her nerve endings as he followed with a slow crawl of his lips against the column of her neck. "Show us that we're still in your heart..." His hand crept to her blouse and delved inside, popping tiny buttons and sending mother-of-pearl scattering to the floor. Her breath hitched in her throat and her mind fuzzed as a part of her wanted to stop because it felt as if she were cheating against Dillon but the other part of her, the wounded, and broken-hearted part of her, reminded her sharply that Dillon had played with her emotions like a cat with a string and thus, he didn't deserve her loyalty. The twins, on the other hand, had done nothing but treat her as they'd promised. Her head fell back and she allowed the twins to ease her down against the plush softness of the chaise. Before long, her breasts were spilling free from her bra and Nolan and Vince were feasting on her nipples, sucking her areolas deep into their greedy mouths like hungry babies and she lost herself to the sensation of being willingly devoured.

"We've missed you," Nolan said against her skin while his hand snaked down her belly to unzip her jeans. He stopped long enough to pull her jeans from her legs as well as rip her panties away. She gasped at the forcefulness but Nolan, the more intuitive of the two, must've known her thoughts were as knotted as her shoulders for he moved swiftly to the soft apex of her thighs and gently pushed her legs apart, eager to taste her sweet flesh. Oh God...Nolan's clever tongue delved deep, seeking and finding that hot, pulsing nub of nerve endings that swelled in ready response to his ardent attention. Vince swallowed her gasp as his tongue invaded her mouth just as Nolan's penetrated her feminine folds. Each were taking turns ravaging her, both in mind and spirit, as her thoughts tumbled from the carnal to blissful nothingness, she pushed all memory of Dillon from her heart and gave herself to the sensation of being owned by her two Buchanan brothers.

"We've missed you, darling," Nolan murmured, nuzzling her damp flesh as he tenderly licked and sucked at the swollen skin until he had her panting and twisting unable to take the sweet torture. "You're so responsive...so sweet. I could remain between your legs for a lifetime..."

"Don't be so greedy, brother," Vince growled at Nolan, growing impatient. "You're not the only one who has missed their pet."

Nolan smiled wickedly and buried his face into her hot core, lapping and teasing her clitoris until she was sobbing against raised arm, shuddering as she nearly blacked out from the pleasure. "Please...I can't take it anymore," she begged for release, needing that ultimate cataclysm to send her hurtling into oblivion. "Oh God!"

"Not yet," Nolan said, pulling away sharply just as she neared the edge, ready to topple over into a sinful paradise. She gulped a quick breath, her chest heaving as her throbbing body tensed with awareness. Nolan gestured to Vince, "My brother...would you like the honors of pushing her to the limit?"

Vince growled, "Hell yes," and stood to his full height over her. She was splayed like a broken doll across the chaise, the urge to squeeze her thighs together to create that much-needed friction but she knew better and remained still even though she wanted desperately to give into sweet release. "On your stomach, sweet girl," he commanded as he unbuckled his jeans and kicked them free. Penny caught a glimpse of his straining cock, the mushroom tip thick and bulging, as it sprang free from his boxer briefs. She knew what he wanted - what Vince always wanted and she tensed but Nolan's soft words in her ear softened the fear as Vince commanded her to put her hands above her head and arch her back. She trembled as she complied, closing her eyes as Nolan trailed a finger down the small of her back and down the seam of her behind.

"You know you need this," Nolan said gently. "You need to feel helpless to deny your own pleasure. We do this for you, my sweet. Let yourself go and accept your true nature."

Vince probed her deeply, testing her readiness. She groaned at the pressure of one finger, followed by two, and then three. "So hot," he said with approval. "So wet." He leaned over her, his weight pressing her into the chaise as his cock rubbed insistently at her entrance. "Tell me you want this," he commanded softly. "Tell me you want me to fuck you."

"I want you to fuck me," she whispered, squeezing her eyes shut. She wanted to feel full, stretched beyond endurance. She wanted to forget..."Please, Vince..."

"I love the way my name sounds on your lips," he said, brushing a kiss across her cheek. "Would you suck my brother's cock while I fuck you?" he asked, the sweetness of his voice a shocking contraction to his bold demand. "I'd love to see those lovely lips wrapped around Nolan's cock while I fuck you in the ass. Would you do that?" She nodded, embarrassed yet highly aroused. How could she exist in two such different states of being at the same time? Vince knuckled her cheek. "I love when you blush. It's so sweet and sexy, do you know that? It makes me want to do even more nasty things to you - things you've never dreamed of - just to see those lovely cheeks redden with heat." He chuckled and slid to his knees behind her. She rose up to allow Nolan to move in front of her and soon, she had two Buchanan cocks - one pressing at her behind and the other nudging past her lips and she was lost to the knowledge that the twins owned her body and there was little she could do to prevent whatever they wanted to do to her.

"Open for us, love," Nolan urged as he pushed his cock into her mouth at the same moment that Vince gently eased his cock into her tightly fisted rosebud. Vince coaxed her opening to bloom by sliding her juices over her entrance with the head of his cock, pushing slowly and steadily into her behind. She stiffened as the penetration stung. Her body fought the invasion as the sphincter threatened to tighten, but soon, the ring relaxed and she began to rock against the invading cock . She was mindless - helpless to stop the pleasure that built and gained momentum as her body welcomed the penetration at both ends - and she reveled in the groans that her body pulled from both men's slack mouths as they both pumped their hips against her.

"So tight!" Vince gasped, his hands gripping her hips as he fucked her without mercy. Her mouth worked Nolan's cock until he cried out and filled her mouth with warm, salty cream. She eagerly gulped down the fluid just as Vince filled her on the other end, his cock jetting deep inside her. She quivered as Vince pulled out, her eyelids closing on a sigh as Nolan caressed her hair lightly, but Vince knew she hadn't cum and suddenly, he pulled her down to the floor with a wicked grin. She stared up at him, a small shiver of anticipation rocking her spine. "You, my sweet, didn't get there, did you?" She slowly shook her head and began to protest that she didn't mind but Vince wasn't finished with her. "Nolan...our pet hasn't reached her release. Perhaps you could help her?"

"Gladly," Nolan said, throwing her legs over his shoulder and staring down at her with such wicked intent that she became instantly wet and ready. He licked his thumb and began to rub her clit in slow, decadent circles as he built the pressure again. "I love watching your face flush as you get close to your release," he said, almost conversationally, except for the urgent press of his cock against her hot folds as he readied her for his penetration. Penny thrashed beneath his touch, desperate to shatter into a million pieces. Sweat dampened her hairline and her hands became clammy as she approached the promised land of sweet release. Nolan pushed himself deep inside, burying his cock to the balls into her heated core just as Vince pushed something inside her behind. She cried out as the sensation of being double penetrated nearly made her buck like a wild mustang being ridden for the first time. She cried out as she tumbled headlong into an abyss of wonder as her body clenched and released in the most intense contraction, sending her spinning into the ether with nothing to hold onto. Dimly, she heard Nolan utter a hoarse cry as he collapsed, his seed dribbling from her channel as they took long, rasping breaths to recover. Vince eased the plug from her behind and she covered her face, more than mortified at how wanton she'd been but she was exhausted, not only physically but emotionally as well. She was wrung out and twisted on the insides from everything that had happened in the last two weeks that she didn't know if she'd ever be the same. Vince's tender smile nearly broke the wall she had built to hold back her tears but she held it together by the thinnest margin. "You never disappoint," he said to her as he helped her to a sitting position while Nolan handed her a blanket. "Tell me, sweetness, what do you desire? You deserve a treat. A diamond? A new car?" he asked, throwing out ideas with a grin but even as his generosity seemed sweet on the surface, his offer sent a discordant tone ringing through her body. Whores were rewarded for sexual favors. She didn't want to be a whore. She wanted...she wanted an illusion - something that simply didn't exist. Get with the program, Penny. She'd signed on the dotted line. It is what it is. She forced a shy smile even though she was choking inside and Vince rewarded her with a smacking kiss on the lips. "Jewelry it is," he announced as he bounded from the sofa with a self-satisfied expression. Only Nolan seemed to notice that she wasn't truly smiling on the inside.

"You are an amazing person, Penny," Nolan said, pushing a strand of hair from her eyes. He remained naked, his softening cock still dripping tiny drops of fluid from the tip onto the expensive chaise, and Penny felt compelled to avert her eyes. Perhaps she was a total ninny but somehow she felt even dirtier sitting with nothing but a blanket between them after what they'd just done.

"I need a shower," she said quickly rising.

"I like the smell of us on you," Nolan said, reaching for her but she moved out of reach with a short smile and Nolan sighed. "All right. You go shower and we'll see about food. It's going to be a long night and you're going to need your strength."

Penny ducked a short nod and practically ran from the room clutching the blanket to her body. Tears blinded her as she locked herself in the bathroom, her heart beating erratically. What was wrong with her? She was going completely bananas. The twins were good men. They'd never do anything to hurt her. Dillon had used her as a pawn in his little game and she'd been grievously hurt in the process. So why...why on God's green earth was she feeling sick to her stomach at the thought of spending another moment in the twins' embrace? She scrambled to turn the shower on full blast with plenty of heat. She climbed into the marble enclosure and went straight under the scalding spray. She welcomed the agony as the hot water sprayed needles of pain across her skin. She gritted her teeth and remained under the spray, regardless that it was way too hot for comfort, considering it penance for putting a price on her values and integrity. Tears stung her eyes and she let them fall as she cried beneath the water, glad she was alone in her misery at least for the moment.

#

"We're losing her," Nolan said, worried when Penny's shower took longer than necessary and when he went to check on her, found the bathroom door locked. "Whatever Dillon said to her, changed the way she feels about us."

"No, she's just shook up over the whole incident. She'll be fine," Vince said, waving away Nolan's concerns as he was too busy preparing their plates from the restaurant he'd ordered from. Ordinarily, Jacques didn't do take-out but they always made a special exception for the Buchanans. Vince stood back and grinned. "Nothing like gourmet cuisine delivered right to your door. Where's Penny? How long does it take to rinse off?" he asked, mildly annoyed that she hadn't returned.

"She locked the door," Nolan said. "I'm telling you, she's changed. It's going to take more than a few good fucks to get her back on our side."

"You worry too much. After what just happened, that woman will do whatever we say. Brother, you have a lot to learn about bending a woman to your will. Sometimes, you're too soft and sweet when they really want a firm hand on their ass."

"I've never heard any complaints," Nolan said with a scowl. Sometimes his brother had the sensitivity of an IRS agent bent on auditing an 86-year-old woman for a minor tax infraction. "I think Penny needs to feel that she's more than just an expensive fuck toy. She needs to feel loved."

At the mention of the word "love" Vince stilled and Nolan knew exactly where his thoughts had veered. "Penny is nothing like Isabel," Vince said. "She's stronger, more stable."

"We said we wouldn't make the same mistakes but I think maybe we are."

"What do you mean?"

Nolan sighed and leaned his head back against the plush cushion of the sofa. "Hell, I don't know, I just feel we're screwing something up. Maybe this was a terrible idea; not for us but for Penny. She's a good girl. Sweet and fragile. That's the part that reminds me of Isabel."

"So what do you suggest?"

"We need to be more gentle with her. We went way too fast this time."

"I couldn't help myself," Vince said regretfully, agreeing with Nolan. "There's just something about her that drives me wild. I don't want to lose her."

"Me either. We need to get Dillon out of her head."

"His dick must spurt magic rainbows or some kind of charmed shit because he's like the pied piper of seducing women," Vince grumbled. "I'm so sick and tired of being in Dillon's shadow. What's he got that we don't?"

Nolan quieted as a different memory returned to him, one that he knew Vince tried hard to forget.

"Let us take care of you," Vince's voice echoed from the past as they held Isabel's hand while she cried. "You don't need Dillon. We'll be there for you."

"I don't understand," Isabel said, sniffling into the tissue Nolan had handed her. "He looked at me as if he hated me. I don't understand what I said wrong."

"You didn't do anything wrong," Vince was quick to assure her, resting his hand gently on her shoulder. "It's all Dillon's fault. He's a jerk and it's about time he realize that he can't treat people like garbage. You are a treasure. If you were our girl...we'd never let you go."

Isabel stared with red-rimmed eyes and asked with a soft hiccup, "What do you mean?" She looked to both brothers in confusion as she awaited their answer.

If Nolan had known then how things would unfold, he would've forced Vince from the track he was traveling. He'd been so obsessed with having Isabel but Vince hadn't realized what wheels they were about to set in motion when they'd begun working on Isabel.

Vince clasped Isabel's hand and drew her close, brushing his lips across her hand as he looked at her in earnest, saying, "You deserve better than Dillon. You deserve the finest life has to offer. We could give you that. Our father has cut Dillon off. He can't provide for you now, and honestly, I'm not even sure he wouldn't grow tired of you within a year. We would give you the moon and treat you like a princess..."

"But Dillon-"

"Dillon is gone," Vince had cut in. "But we're not going anywhere."

Looking back, Nolan couldn't help but wonder if Isabel had known she was pregnant and was desperately hoping to convince one of them to care for her child and give it the Buchanan name but seeing as she took her own life before sharing the news, Nolan could only wonder. Either way, they should've known not to push Isabel when she'd been so vulnerable but Vince had been unwilling to listen.

Nolan's reverie was cut short by Vince as he pulled him back to the present but Nolan was grateful; the past was filled with dangerous pitfalls for them both.

"I don't want to hurt Penny but I don't want Dillon to have her either," Vince admitted. "The bastard doesn't deserve her."

"Like he didn't deserve Isabel?" Nolan said with a twist of his lips that made Vince scowl.

"Yeah, that's about right."

"Did you ever think how things might've been different if we hadn't gone after Isabel like we had?"

"Fuck, Nolan. Why do you have to bring up Isabel every bleeding second?"

"I guess I'm finally growing a conscience," Nolan retorted. "We were wrong. What we did was wrong. Maybe it's time to atone for that."

"You want to atone for something, go to church and say a few 'Hail Marys' and nut up for Christ's sake. Penny and Isabel are nothing alike and we're not doing anything wrong," Vince said, his voice rising to a near shout, which meant Nolan had managed to get under his skin. Vince threw his hands up. "Fuck this. I'm going out. I need a breather."

"What about Penny?" Nolan asked, irritated that his brother was bailing.

"You're the bleeding heart, you figure something out." Then, he added with a frustrated gesture, "Just tell her to go home. She doesn't want to be with us anyway. She wants that asshole Dillon. Just like Isabel did." With that he stormed from the room and in the distance, Nolan heard a door slam as Vince left the house.

Nolan stared at the perfectly prepared food and shook his head at the muck they were all wallowing in and wondered how the hell they hadn't seen this coming. Penny was an amazing girl - and just like Isabel - much too tender-hearted for an arrangement like theirs.

Nolan pushed away from the counter, leaving the food behind.

No one had ever accused the Buchanans of being noble but Nolan hated the heartache he saw in Penny's eyes. It was just too damn close to the pain he'd once seen reflected in the gorgeous cornflower blue of someone else's eyes.

Someone else who'd fallen in love with Dillon.

#

Dillon saw her from a distance, not that he'd been in the park by accident, but he hadn't been prepared for the jolt to his senses seeing her would create. Her dark hair cascaded down her shoulder, exposing the gentle slope of her neck that he distinctly remembered kissing, and she appeared to be daydreaming as she people-watched. Dillon scanned the area, looking for his brothers and when he didn't see either of the twins, he took that as a sign that it was time to talk.

"You should have a jacket."

His observation startled Penny as she swiveled around to see him. Immediately her eyes lit up with a light she couldn't have possibly known radiated her entire face but she shut it down just as quickly. "If you're looking for your brothers, they aren't here," she said pointedly as she dismissed him with a glance.

"Mind if I sit with you?"

"Yes. I do mind. Go away."

He ignored her and sat beside her, ostensibly to people-watch as well but in truth, he had so many things he wanted to say but the words seemed caught in his throat. He'd hurt Penny terribly. The path to redemption might've been a simple apology but he knew she deserved far more than a few careless words thrown her way. Problem was, he didn't even know where to start. Apologies weren't exactly his forte. But before he could even try to formulate the appropriate attempt, Penny was on her feet. "If you won't leave, I will," she said, dusting her behind and grabbing her purse.

He was on his feet in a flash. "Penny, wait."

She stopped, her stare wary but he'll be damned if he didn't see a hint of yearning in those chocolate eyes as well and he was going to bank on the latter as he tried to make sense of what he was feeling. "Please give me a chance to explain," he started but she shook her head.

"No."

"Why not?"

"Because you have a way of twisting real emotion into a knot until it serves your purpose and I don't need any more Buchanans messing with my head."

"Who else is messing with you?" Dillon asked, immediately protective. "What did Vince and Nolan do?"

"Nothing. None of your business."

"Have they hurt you?"

"No more than you."

Okay, he deserved that. He tried again. "Penny, I didn't mean to hurt you," he said quietly, hoping she heard his earnest apology couched with the admission.

But either she didn't hear it or she didn't believe him for she sent him a hard stare as she said, "You did hurt me. Worse than either of your brothers because unlike you, they never lied to me. They never used me to get back at someone else for something that happened years before I met them."

"No, they just used you period. I suppose that makes them the good guys?"

"I didn't say that."

"No, but you're willing to stay with them aren't you?" God, he hated how he spit the words out but he couldn't help it. He hated the idea of Penny fucking his brothers - the thought was enough to drive him to do something reckless and stupid.

"Does it bother you that I am willing to honor my agreement or that you didn't think of it first? You fucked me for far less honest reasons than either of your brothers. At least they were up front with me from the start. You, on the other hand..."

"I never promised you a happily ever after," he said, stiffening.

"No, but you lead me to believe that you truly cared about me."

"I do care about you."

Her eyes glazed with sudden tears and her mouth trembled. "Don't. Just don't."

"Penny..."

She backed away, as if needing more distance between them and he had to fight the urge to follow but he knew if he took one step toward her, he'd drag her into his arms and never let go. The startling realization made him take a step back, swallowing with difficulty. "Whatever. Go back to the men who bought your integrity for their own satisfaction. You seem to prefer their company over mine. Thanks for the memories, babe," he said, adding with a cruel flippant smile. "At least I know my brothers' are getting their money's worth - you were a fabulous fuck."

Penny lifted her chin, her eyes glittering with unshed tears and he felt like a royal shit but his pride wouldn't allow him to beg. "I hope I never see you again. Ever," she ended on a whisper and walked away without once looking back.

Dillon wanted to swear at the sky, throw things and chase after her all at the same time but he did nothing. Instead, he stood as if he'd suddenly sprouted thick roots into the soft ground, and watched her go until he couldn't see her any longer.

It was better this way, he told himself.

So why did it feel as if a MMA fighter had just landed a roundhouse kick to his sternum?

Just fucking fabulous...

He was not falling for Penny McDaniel. He just didn't want anyone else to touch her. And when he thought of his brothers doing the things he wanted to do to her, he wanted to break something - preferably their aristocratic noses.

A piece of paper said she belonged to Vince and Nolan.

But was his heart trying to tell him that she belonged to him?

Dillon closed his eyes and the memory of being with Penny clung to his mind. For a moment in time, they'd been like any normal couple spending time alone discovering each other's bodies and sharing bits of themselves with one another. He'd forgotten what it felt like to let down his guard - if only for a second. But in that quick flash Penny had gotten in...and now, he didn't know what to do about it.

He couldn't leave. He couldn't stay.

He wanted Penny even though he shouldn't.

Could he be the man she needed him to be?

Or had that part of himself died with Isabel?

He didn't have any answers for himself or for Penny.

All he knew was that seeing her again had been a mistake because now, all he wanted to do was grab her, hold her tight, and forget the rest of the world.

And that scared the shit out of him.

***

Are Penny and Dillon meant to be together or has there been too much pain between them to heal the wounds left behind? Will Vince and Nolan convince Penny to stay with them or will Penny leave all the Buchanan brothers behind to start fresh? Don't miss the thrilling conclusion of Alexx Andria's best-selling series, Bought By The Billionaire Brothers!

***

Here's an excerpt from Alexx Andria's hot, emotionally erotic story, ONE NIGHT TO SAY GOODBYE:

"What are you doing here?"

That single question, even as uninviting as his stark tone implied, sent a riot of goosebumps popping along Elise's skin. She remembered that voice, as if it were spoken in her ear only yesterday instead of the years between them, and her breath caught painfully in her chest. The desire to fall into his arms, regardless of the consequences, tightened her muscles and made rational thought difficult. He looked the same - God, did he never age? - not classically handsome, but unique and different, but always virile and powerful. The tension between them pulsed like a live wire, sparking dangerously within the confines of the executive office. Gage had always been ruthless in business; his penchant for the jugular had served him well, she noted as her stare flitted among the fine furnishings and dark-paneled walls. Her stare returned to his, daring him to throw her out as he should for the both of their sakes.

"I'm getting married," she said, barely able to manage the words. When she was with her fiance Scott, she felt no hesitation in saying those words. She loved him. But standing before Gage made the words seem forced from her mouth. "I thought you should know."

"Why?" His cold and distant stare might've fooled another, but Elise knew beneath that cool exterior burned a passion that distance and time had not squelched. Perhaps it had been foolish to come here but she'd known in her heart, she wouldn't be able to walk down that aisle, dressed in white, to pledge her heart to Scott when another had already staked their claim. She needed closure. At least that's what she'd told herself as she'd purchased her plane ticket to Colorado and lied to Scott about her trip.

She'd called it business. Well, it was...of sorts.

Scott, bless his naive heart, had bought her lie without reservation. And why wouldn't he? Elise had been lying to the poor man from the beginning.

"I need..." Oh God. How could she say the words? How could she tell Gage that she needed him out of her system so she could marry another? It seemed wrong...but not as wrong as the secret between them. She swallowed. "Gage...I just needed to see you."

His blue eyes - eyes she remembered roaming her body with a fever that no aspirin could ever cool - flashed and hope lit up her belly like a Fourth of July sparkler. After what seemed an eternity, he broke the tense silence with a shake of his head, his expression softening by the barest of margins. "Elise," he murmured with a hint of anger. "You should've stayed away."

She nodded. "I know." God, how she knew. "But I couldn't."

"Does he know?"

"Of course not. And he will never know."

A smile that flirted with cruelty lifted the corner of his mouth. "Why not? Your beloved doesn't deserve to know that you were once in love with your brother."

"Step brother," I whispered, tears filling my eyes at how casually he spoke of the thing that held us both hostage. And she knew with a fatal certainty that she was still in love with Gage no matter that she could never truly have him. She lifted her chin. "Scott is a good man. He treats me well and I'm a lucky woman."

"I know," he said, surprising her. She raised startled eyes to his. "I may be far, but I can't help myself it seems when it comes to you. If he wasn't worthy of your love...I'd never allow this wedding to happen."

"How did you...?"

"Elise," he said, his tone faintly patronizing. "I make it my job to know what is happening in your life. My promise to you was that I would stay away, not that I would stop caring. I've held up my end of the bargain...you, on the other hand, have broken it by coming here."

"I'm sorry," she admitted, knowing she was taking a risk. "I just need some closure so I can start fresh with Scott."

"And you thought coming here was going to accomplish that?" he mocked, shifting in his chair. The movement reminding her of a jungle cat, all sinewy and muscle beneath the silk of his skin. The subtle nod of her head was her only answer. She was too busy undressing him in her mind to form too much of a valid argument. The fact was, she had no business coming here tonight. It'd been pure lunacy to board a plane to the one man she needed to keep from her life. They were two people who could never be together. The fallout would devastate so many. Which was why Gage had moved to Colorado and Elise made a point to be out of town on the rare occasions that he visited. "And what kind of closure are you needing, sister dear? I moved three states away. I never call...aside from disappearing from this planet, I'm not sure how I could further accommodate you."

"Stop being a cold prick," she said.

"Stop being a tease," he countered, his eyes hard. "There's only one reason you would show up unannounced with that look in your eyes...you came to get fucked. As if one last time would ever be enough between you and me. We both know the answer to that, which is why I moved away. I tried to make this easier on us both. We need that distance to protect our family from ourselves. The devastation would be horrific. We both agreed, it wasn't worth it."

Tears tingled behind her eyes. Everything he said was true. His father, her mother, their blended siblings...the fallout of their love affair would shatter their family if discovered. But she knew there was no way in hell she could let Scott completely into her heart when Gage was so firmly planted there. "I can't marry him without this," she said, tears falling from her eyes. "I can't. Believe me when I say that I love him but when I close my eyes at night, you are there. You're in my dreams, my nightmares, my waking moments. I can't seem to escape the memories or the desire that haunts me." All mocking fled from his expression and he seemed as stripped bare and vulnerable as she. In that moment, they were equally miserable, wanting the one person who was off-limits for so many reasons. "I can't have you. So I will build a life with this man and have his children but tonight, I need you. I need you to help me say goodbye to the past so I can move on with my future."

"What you're asking...it won't help. It will only make things worse," he said hoarsely. "It will awaken a beast that's been fitfully sleeping since the day I left California. I've built a life here...away from you...and it has taken every shred of self-control to keep from dragging you back to Colorado with me, damn the consequences! And now you show up, begging me to fuck you so you can forget me?"

Shameful, hot tears coursed down her cheeks. The truth was certainly uglier when verbalized than when hidden behind private justifications but she held his gaze without flinching. "Yes," she admitted, not bothering to wipe away her tears. Let him see how much she hurt inside to ask. Let him know nothing she said or did came without cost. "I'm only here until tomorrow. My flight leaves at 10 a.m. We have twelve hours to get each other out of our systems. Then, I'm going to board that plane, sore and bruised in every way, and I'm going to forget anything ever happened between us, now or in the past. You will do the same. I will marry Scott and you will find someone you can love without restrictions. Someday, we might even be able to face one another as we should...as brother and sister."

"You're living in a dreamland," he said bitterly. "There is no one for me but you."

She closed her eyes. "There has to be. There will be. But not as long as you have me in your heart."

"This is -"

"The only way," she cut in, more sure than ever before. She advanced, resolve emboldening her step. Her nerves were suddenly calm, but excitement fluttered in her belly. She held his stare, murmuring with promise. "Time is wasting, my brother. And I need you. Now."

6

Dillon had balls of steel to walk up to her as if nothing had happened, wearing a grin fit to bamboozle even the most stoic of women as if she'd just fall into his arms because he deigned to talk to her.

Screw that.

She was tired of the men in her life treating her as if she were too stupid to think for herself or assuming she didn't have an opinion about what was going on.

She had plenty of opinions about the situation and right about now, she was ready to share them with the first unlucky fool to cross her path.

Maybe it was all those years of squelching her feelings, hopes or dreams that it'd somehow become normal to simply nod like a bleating sheep and follow wherever she was led but those times were over. Penny didn't know if the change was attributed to the fact that her heart had been stomped into a million pieces along with her dignity or she was simply fed up with everything going wrong in her life but she wasn't going to sit back and swallow her feelings any longer.

She wanted answers, damn it.

Everything spiraled back to Isabel and so far, Dillon had only shared half the story. What the hell had happened in the Buchanan family to create such a psychic fracture? She knew the barest of details: Isabel had killed herself by doing a swan dive from the twins' penthouse and she'd been pregnant when she died. But she didn't know what the twins' involvement was or why Dillon hadn't simply apologized for being an ass and repaired his relationship with his father. How had one incident torn apart the lives of so many people?

It was plain to her that each of the Buchanans were suffering from an overabundance of pride, which had festered into ugly wounds in different ways.

Was it her problem that the Buchanans had never learned how to have a simple conversation? Communication, people. Try it sometime. Emboldened by her fresh infusion of courage and chutzpah, Penny felt more in control of her life than she had in years.

For so long she'd sat behind a desk, hoping and wishing someone would notice her - but not just anyone - someone dashing, handsome and just a bit wicked. Her Papa had always warned her to be careful what she wished for because God had a funny sense of humor. She'd been star-struck by the twins but Dillon had knocked her sidewise. She'd not only been noticed by one man with all those qualities, but three! Talk about overkill. And her life had changed in an instant. From the clothes she wore to the way she wore her hair, nothing seemed remotely recognizable from the outside; however, Dillon had seen that she was more than a doll to dress up and play with from time to time and that was something the twins had failed to recognize.

But there was one thing all three Buchanans shared in common and it was something that likely, neither realized or would admit: deep down, they were all good men. If there was a kernel of goodness inside them, with the right encouragement, it could bloom and grow. But how was she supposed to make that happen? And even if she could, should she? Maybe she ought to cut ties completely. She could give back the money and break the contract. Penny stilled. Was she ready to make that bold of a statement? Was she ready to completely walk away from everything associated with the Buchanans? A part of her offered a weary yes but the other part said no. At the moment she didn't know which part was stronger or why. All she was certain of was that she needed more answers before she made her decision and if no one seemed eager to share details, she'd just have to find them on her own.

#

Dillon was in the worst mood of his life.

It'd been a mistake to see Penny again - what had he been thinking? - and now she was in his head. Everywhere he turned, his brain played tricks on him. First, he thought he caught a whiff of her perfume, then he thought he saw her walking by but each time strangers stared back at him. He was losing his mind.

He shouldn't have said the things he had to Penny when he saw her at the park. If it were safe to say she coaxed the best out of him, it was certainly fair to say she had the equal and opposite effect on him as well. She'd floated into his life unexpectedly, a ripe vision in a blue designer dress, and she'd put her stamp on everything he'd touched since. He couldn't blame his brothers for wanting her -hell, he'd taken one look and knew in that instant that he would have to have her - but he chafed at the realization that Penny had stayed with the twins even after everything had gone down in the Hamptons. He knew she was conflicted by her arrangement so why did she choose to stay? The right thing to do would've been to simply ask her point blank but his mind had turned to mush and a jealous rage had taken over making it impossible to think straight much less put together a persuasive argument.

And frankly, what the hell did he care that she was still shagging his brothers? It was her business, not his.

Because it did. Holy hell, it bothered him more than a little. The knowledge made him want to beat someone to a bloody pulp - mainly his brothers.

The last time he'd felt such passion for another human being, that person had ended up taking her own life, which wasn't really a ringing endorsement for allowing it to happen again. But how was he supposed to walk away when there was something tugging at his chest, pulling him straight toward Penny?

#

Penny walked into the library of the twins' palatial mansion and for the first time ever, didn't suffer from a serious case of awestruck-itis. She clutched a manila envelope to her chest of research she'd spent the afternoon uncovering through no small amount of effort as she'd combed through newspaper archives and paid a small sum of money for the police report, with a newfound resolve. After finding the newspaper clipping of Isabel's swan dive, Penny knew she couldn't stop there. She needed to know more about Isabel as the person and began to dig even deeper. She managed to find Isabel's high school transcripts and even though she didn't know what use it could be to her to know that Isabel had tanked economics her senior year, Penny felt almost sleuthlike as she strode through the halls. Perhaps she was riding on the adrenalin or maybe she was just too frazzled to care about the consequences but she finally felt on top of her game for the first time since...well, forever.

She didn't know if the change was temporary or permanent but she liked the way she felt after spending an afternoon chasing after the ghost of a woman she'd never known. Somehow, it felt as if the answers she sought were necessary to start the healing for everyone involved. Maybe she was being a silly twit for even hoping such a thing was possible but she wasn't going to stop now. Come hell or high water, she was going to end this journey without questions poking at her brain.

Nolan startled when she walked in and Vince, engrossed in something on his tablet, didn't realize anyone else was in the room with them until Nolan cleared his throat meaningfully. "Darling, this is a surprise," Nolan said, moving forward as if to embrace her but Penny put her hand up, stopping him. He frowned. "What's wrong, pet?"

Vince looked up and mirrored his brother's expression. "What's going on?"

"I need answers and since everyone in this family seems reluctant to share, I'm here to get what I need straight from the source. No more dancing around the past, no more patting me on the head as if I'm some ninny without two tufts of straw in my head. I deserve to know what the hell happened to the woman before me." At that, Penny tossed the manila envelope so that it landed on the coffee table. "In that envelope is all the information I managed to find on Isabel Walker."

Nolan and Vince stared at her as if she'd just thrown down a bloody head. "What are you doing?" Vince said, standing to grab the envelope, his movement sharp and agitated. "Why can't you just leave it alone? She's dead. End of story."

"No, it's not end of story for me. I need you to resolve this issue or else we're through," Penny said, holding her ground even though her insides had begun to tremble. "Don't you see how her death has affected you all? I've only known you for a relatively short time but in that time I've come to see a few things that maybe you can't because you're too close to the situation."

"Penny," Nolan began, trying for patience but he was just as uneasy about the prospect of talking about the past as his twin. "I can appreciate your curiosity-"

"Whatever happened to Isabel is the reason Dillon wants to destroy you - the reason he used me to get to you so don't you dare try to tell me that it's none of my business or else I'll scream like a Victorian with a gent's hand on her ankle." The twins stared in consternation and she muttered a quick, "You know, because the Victorians were so prim and proper - never mind - the point is, I need answers and you're going to give them to me."

"And why would we do that?" Vince said with quiet calm that she didn't trust one second and probably meant he was mad enough to choke a nun but she was running on pure chutzpah and the dogged belief that if she could get these people talking, things might start to make sense in her world. Maybe she was delusional and all this sharing was going to blow up in her face but she had to try. "Nowhere in our agreement did it state that you would make demands and we would capitulate. You're overstepping your bounds, sweet pet."

"Perhaps. But I don't care. Besides, you and I both know that there's no way we can simply go back to the way things were. Not now."

"Perhaps if you'd kept your legs shut around Dillon we wouldn't be in this position," Vince growled and she gasped in hurt surprise at his vulgar statement. Nolan sighed and shot his brother a quelling look, which Vince dismissed with a glower. "This is total bullshit. If I wanted to be peppered with nagging questions, I'd have taken a wife by now. If you want to be interrogated, by all means, stay, but I'm out of here."

"Vince..." Nolan said, stopping him with a firm hand as he attempted to brush by. Penny willed the sudden moisture away as her bravado quailed under the fiery heat of Vince's dark mood. "Stay. She's right. We need to tell her."

Vince stared, unable to believe his brother's statement. "I don't enjoy talking about the past when there's nothing that can be done about changing it," he said in a low tone. "Why can't we just leave her in peace?"

A current of understanding and empathy passed between brothers and Penny was floored by how connected the two were, even as adults. The twin-thing was in full force for even though Vince looked as if he'd rather chew off his own foot than remain and talk about Isabel, he backed away and went to the bar to pour himself a drink as he muttered, "I'm going to need plenty of this to make it through this fucking story hour."

"Pour me one, too," Nolan said, gesturing to Penny. "Please, darling. Sit. I'm afraid as you've already figured out, this story doesn't have a happy ending and I fear, we are not the heroes." He grimaced as he admitted, "In fact, we were bastards in this tale and I'm afraid of what your reaction may be when you hear the entire story."

Penny swallowed but managed to nod. She came for answers. "My Papa always said, don't ask questions that you don't want answers for. Whatever you tell me, I'm ready to hear."

"We'll see about that." Vince downed a shot of whiskey and shook his head as if he didn't believe her. "Sweet girl, you have no idea how sordid our past has been. We've done things...well, let's just say, there's probably a special place reserved in hell for the Buchanan boys, and that includes Dillon. Are you sure you want to know all our dirty secrets? You still have a chance to close Pandora's box."

"I can't go back to how things were - completely ignorant and complacent - everything is changed. I'm changed. Please tell me what happened to that poor girl and why Dillon hates you."

Nolan accepted a glass of whiskey from Vince, and after a quick swallow, he began with a sigh. "Isabel Walker was like an angel." A brief smile lifted the corners of his generous mouth. "And being the true devils we were, we had to have her. But Dillon got to her first. As you already know, he has a way with women. But Dillon broke the rules, he fell in love with her and declared Isabel off-limits. Of course, that only spurred us to want her more. You see, Penny, when you grow up having any and all things at your immediate disposal, the word no has little meaning. We saw it as a challenge and simply waited for the right moment to spring. We had no idea that Dillon had stopped playing the game. We didn't believe him when he said he'd fallen in love with her."

Penny's gaze flicked to Vince to gauge his reaction to Nolan's telling of the story and when he refused to look her way, she sensed that either he was ashamed of his part or there was something else he didn't want to share or acknowledge. "So it all started off as a game between the three of you?" she asked, trying not to cry at the callousness. When Nolan nodded in a subtle motion she looked away. "That's despicable. You played her for fun."

"I told you we weren't the heroes in this story," Nolan said. "Would you like me to stop?"

As horrified as she was, she knew she had to follow through to the bitter end. "No, please continue," she whispered. "But right about now that whiskey is looking pretty good." Vince filled a shot with the amber liquid and handed it to her with a grim quirk of his mouth in understanding. She murmured her thanks and downed the shot. Nolan gave her a moment for the whiskey to burn a trail down to her gut before continuing. Penny choked a little as the fine liquor seared her throat and stole her breath but she needed the liquid courage to continue listening.

"Isabel was one of those rare gems who was sweet and loving and wanted to believe the best in everyone. She was the exact opposite of everything we were accustomed to in our world. You have to understand money comes with a certain privilege but it also comes with pitfalls. People are never what they seem and you learn to be a cynic. Trust is a privilege we've never experienced. Everyone always wants something from you when you have an excess of wealth. You learn very young to never accept anything at face value. And we were all guilty of being the worst that money can produce. Over-privileged, over-educated, and completely bored as fuck. As you can imagine that's never a good combination. When our father had decided that he'd had enough of our shenanigans, particularly that of Dillon's he put his foot down, which was something we weren't accustomed to either. Honestly, our father never paid much attention to us. He was always too busy with his own life to deal with three rambunctious boys. I don't even know why he threw down the gauntlet with Dillon. But when it happened, Dillon bucked against our father's will and a war ensued. Unfortunately, Isabel was in the middle."

"Did your father like Isabel?" Penny asked.

"No. Aside from the fact that she was dirt poor and had no connections our father's opinion of Isabel was that she was good for one thing and when she wouldn't give it up to him he didn't want her around anymore."

"Your father propositioned Isabel?"

Vince offered a dark chuckle. "Our father liked to sample all of our girlfriends. Be thankful he's dead."

Penney shuddered. "How disgusting."

Vince laughed. "Yes, well you can't expect sinners like us to be raised by a paragon of virtue. Our father wasn't exactly a good man."

"I'm so sorry." Penny thought of her own Papa and how wonderful he been as a father and she wondered how the three boys would've been different if they'd been raised with someone who was kind, compassionate and moral. "What did Dillon do when he found out about your father propositioning his girlfriend?"

"He went into a rage. I've never seen him so angry. I think it was the moment he realized that Isabel meant more to him then just a piece of meat. I think Dillon would've married her." Nolan shifted, as if the memory was almost too much to bear. "Isabel changed Dillon and for a time he was a better man. I don't know, maybe that threatened our father because it was not long after that he made his demands. The irony is that Isabel defended our father because she didn't see the harm in his request for Dillon to work for him. On the surface it appeared that our father just wanted Dillon to stop screwing around and become responsible. But we all knew it went deeper than that. Hell, none of us wanted to work for our father. But Dillon was the only one who had the balls to stand up to him. Unfortunately, he paid the biggest price. When Dillon refused - his actual words to our father were to go fuck himself - Dillon was cast out of the family."

"The old man was in rare form," Vince recalled. "God, that man was a prick."

"How could a father do that to his son?" Penny asked. "I can't imagine how hurtful that must've been for Dillon."

"Yeah, it'd done a number on him. But he was too proud to admit that he was scared and he was too pissed off to take it back. Isabel tried to talk some sense into him but he wouldn't listen." Nolan paused for a refill. "And we were too selfish and self-absorbed to realize what we had in mind for Isabel was wrong."

"What happened?" A part of her already knew but she needed the twins to admit what they'd done. "What did you do to her?"

Vince downed another shot and fixed his glazed, whiskey-soaked stare her way. "You want to know what we did? We played on the delicate sensibilities of a girl who was brokenhearted and too naive to realize that we were sharks and she was just a guppy. We chased her into a corner with pretty words and promises of a future we had no intentions of providing her and then we convinced her that Dillon didn't want her anymore but that we would always take care of her. We lied so that we could fuck her. That's all that mattered. It's all we wanted." Vince's voice rose to an angry pitch but Penny detected a strain of something else lying beneath the surface, something that sounded a lot like pain. Vince continued, grim and final. "And when she realized everything was a sham and that Dillon was truly gone and not coming back she climbed to the top of our building and jumped off."

Penny couldn't help herself, she covered her gasp with her hands as tears filled her eyes for a woman she'd never known. She could only imagine how scared Isabel had been and how desperate. "Did you know about the baby?" she asked.

Both Nolan and Vince shook their head in denial. "We didn't know about the baby until the autopsy report," Vince admitted. "Her family couldn't believe that she would do something like that and insisted that we must've drugged her. They wanted to find proof that there was foul play."

"Why didn't you call Dillon when you found out about the baby?" Penny asked.

Nolan looked ashamed. "What could we say? Besides, when Dillon found out about Isabel and how she died, Dillon had wanted to kill us. And I'm not sure it was an idle threat. The one saving grace was that he was on the other side of the world with limited funds otherwise we might've joined Isabel in the ground. Not that I blamed him. We figured it was best to just let the information die with Isabel. We paid the right people and that one small detail was erased from the report."

Penny looked aghast. "So her family never knew?"

Vince looked away. "God no. There would've been an investigation and the newspapers would've had a field day with the information and that's something our father wouldn't have tolerated. Trust me, as abhorrent as the idea was, it was the only option."

"Don't you think they had the right to know?"

"Haven't you listened to a word we've said? Of course they had a right to know. We didn't care. We were bastards. Nothing we did was right. And we will go to our grave knowing that and trust me, nothing weighs heavier than the guilt on our conscience."

Understanding dawned on Penny as she watched Vince. "You loved her, didn't you?" she said in sad wonder. Nolan and Vince shared incriminating glances and Penny had her answer. "If you loved her, why did you treat her like that? Why did you treat her like garbage?" Penny asked, her voice breaking. "Maybe things would have been different."

Vince's mouth tightened but in his eyes there was a wealth of pain and grief that'd never been allowed to vent. "What does it matter? She's dead. And I'm done with this conversation." He grabbed his leather jacket and this time Nolan didn't try to stop him when he left.

Silence filled the library as Penny digested her newfound revelation. She looked to Nolan. "Did you know that Vince loved her too?"

"Yes."

"Why did you do it?" Anguish cracked her voice as she looked to Nolan for answers. "I don't understand. Both Dillon and Vince loved Isabel. If Dillon couldn't be with her and Vince wanted to be with her, why did you both use her?"

Nolan barked a short laugh that had nothing in common with joy as he answered, "Because I was jealous. I couldn't understand what they were feeling for her and if I couldn't experience it..." He shrugged. "I told you there were no heroes in the story. Now you know the truth. What are you going to do with it?"

Penny didn't know. She thought that she was going to feel relieved or liberated or something other than the crushing sense of loss she was suffering from now but she was disappointed to feel the opposite of relief. Inside, a well of tears threatened to erupt out of agony for a twisted, ill-fated love affair. She wiped at her eyes and told Nolan with certainty, "You need to tell Dillon what you just told me. He deserves to know."

"You don't know my brother. He doesn't forgive lightly. And frankly, he has no reason to forgive us."

"He's your brother. At one time didn't you love each other?"

"At one time he was my hero."

"Then you need to repair your relationship. This fracture has gone on long enough. Your father is dead and there's no one standing between you guys anymore."

At that Nolan smiled briefly. "But you're wrong sweet girl. There is someone between us. You. Once again Dillon has what Vince and I both want. And I can guarantee that none of us are going to concede defeat to the other graciously."

Penny sucked in a tight breath. She'd be a liar if she said she didn't have feelings for Vince or Nolan. Inside her heart, a war raged and she didn't know who was going to win but she knew one thing for sure. "I need more than being someone's property," she admitted with a whisper.

Nolan advanced to caress her cheek. "Tell me what you need and I'll gladly give it to you."

Penny gazed up at him and fought the urge to lean into his touch. "I want it all. I want the fairytale - the one where the girl and the boy live happily ever after because they're in love."

A sad smile lifted Nolan's lips as he brushed a soft kiss across her mouth. "You want the moon, sweetness."

Penny closed her eyes and held back her true desire. She wanted Dillon. She wanted her happily ever after with Dillon. Nolan pulled away and heard what she hadn't said. "We could promise you a life most people could only dream about. He could only promise you heartache." Nolan searched her gaze. "Say you'll consider staying with us."

Penny nodded. Nolan was right. When she thought of the life with the twins she knew she would want for nothing but she would remain the bird in the gilded cage for neither were offering her love. Yet with Dillon, she sensed the promise of an unparalleled love if only Dillon would trust his heart with her. The question was, would he ever trust her with something so precious?

She didn't know.

And she had a feeling, Dillon didn't know either.

#

Vince didn't plan to end up at Isabel's grave but somewhere between heading to his favorite bar and driving aimlessly, he found himself pulling up to the quiet and stately grounds of Brookstone, the small but private cemetery where all the Buchanans have been buried for generations. Nolan and Vince had agreed it was fitting for Isabel and her unborn child to be buried there. Vince still remembered the epic fuss their father had put up when they'd buried her within the family plot.

"Have you lost your fucking mind?" their father had shouted, his face turning a florid red as spittle sprayed from his mouth in his anger. "What were thinking to bury that little whore in our plot? Only Buchanans are allowed in that ground, not unstable little cock teases."

"Watch it, Father." Vince all but growled, unable to hold back his true feelings for Isabel in that moment. "She was nearly a part of this family and we owe it to her." God, they owed her so much more than a piece of dirt and a fancy headstone. "Besides, her family didn't have the money to afford Brookstone and she would've ended up buried in some poorly maintained cemetery in God-only-knows-where."

"And why is that our problem?" their father had quipped, not the least bit concerned about the poor girl who'd taken her life atop a building the Buchanans owned. Vince grit his teeth and knew that in order to make his father drop it and move on, he'd have to make him care. The elder Buchanan, a striking man with salt and pepper hair and a trim physique, wasn't hard on the eyes, which gave Vince hope that they'd age similarly as well but his soul was black and after recent events, Vince worried that his soul was equally as damaged. "I don't care what you have to do but I want her corpse out of my plot," his father said, calming a little with the help of his scotch. "You never should've done this without my approval. Now you have an embarrassing problem to clean up."

"If you make us dig up Isabel's grave, it will be a publicity nightmare. Right now, we've made a magnanimous gesture to the grieving family and we've come out smelling like a rose. You don't want people digging into this particular story, Father. Trust me, no one wearing a Buchanan name will come out the winner."

"How so?" his father asked, an irritated but concerned frown pulling at his brows. "What aren't you telling me?"

"Isabel was pregnant with Dillon's child when she died. So, you see...she does belong in the family plot."

His father pinned Vince with a hard stare. "What are you talking about?" he asked.

"The coroner confirmed she was about twelve weeks pregnant," Vince answered, hating how much it hurt to share that private information with their father. Why couldn't she have loved him? He would've loved and cared for her - even married her - everything would've been different. If only he'd had the balls to be something more than the bastard part he'd been playing along with Nolan. "We fucked up her life. We owe it to her to at least lay her to rest in a nice place."

His father digested the new information and although he didn't like it, finally caved with ill humor. "Fine. Who else knows about this?" he asked. "Does Dillon know?"

"Only Nolan."

"And you tied up loose ends?"

Vince nodded. "There's no record of the fetus."

"Good." His father took a deep breath as he stared into his scotch before saying, "Well, that's that. Probably better this way. You're right. We'll come out looking like the generous benefactors, which is far better than being called out as the villains," he mused openly as if weighing the pros and cons in his head. Finally, he nodded in agreement and said, "Good call, son."

He'd called Vince son. The sudden endearment caught Vince off-guard and for a moment all Vince could do was stare in shock until he recovered with a slow nod. His father was proud of him for lying and covering up a potential scandal. How fucked up was that? Vince swallowed the bitterness choking him and simply nodded; he didn't trust himself not to say something that he would regret later. Unlike Dillon, Vince had no wish to become penniless by choosing off his father. He hated the man, but Vince knew which side his bread was buttered. His father, wasting no more thought on the matter, returned to his business and Vince couldn't wait to get away from him.

Jerked back to the present, Vince kneeled before the polished granite headstone and wished he'd brought flowers but he hadn't exactly planned to visit.

"You deserved better," he murmured, tracing her name with the pad of his finger. A likeness of her beautiful face smiled back at him and sudden tears rushed his eyes. He swore and wiped at his eyes. It was a long moment before the tightness in his throat eased enough to speak. "I should've told you then...I didn't have the balls...but I loved you, Isabel Walker. I'd give anything to take it all back. I should've been the one you could turn to but I fucked it up. I was too much of a coward to stand up for what was right." Tears trickled down his cheek. Life was such a bitch. All the money in the world wouldn't bring Isabel back. Maybe that was why nothing truly satisfied him for long. Until Penny came along, his sexual appetite for variety had been voracious. One girl after another, an endless stream of women more than willing to hop on his cock for the chance to snag his attention for longer than a night or two, and he was able to lose himself for a short time. But the harsh light of morning was a brutal reminder that he couldn't run from the person he saw in the mirror everyday. How maudlin. He'd become a morose, self-pitying prick and he could barely stand his own company most times. Fucking fabulous. Vince wiped at his eyes and allowed his gaze to roam the scenic solitude of what the best money could buy -marble headstones, manicured lawns without a single dried and dead patch that betrayed poor maintenance, and tranquility fit for monks deep in prayer - and he felt mocked by the stately elegance. "I screwed up again, Isabel," he admitted, his voice barely a whisper. "And I don't know what to do anymore. She's not you but I think I could love her." Penny was beautiful and strong, yet fragile at the same time. He admired her spunk and he loved fucking her. But...he knew that she loved Dillon. And as much as he'd enjoy spending more time with Penny to see where their relationship could go, he knew that he couldn't cross that line again. Human hearts, he'd learned the hard way, were far more delicate than he'd ever realized. Dillon used to be a self-entitled asshole who'd been as bad as any Buchanan, but if there was a chance for Penny to find happiness with the black sheep of the family, maybe he ought to help her achieve it.

However, if Dillon was too stupid to realize what a gift he had...Vince wouldn't make the same mistake twice - he was going to make a serious play for Penny's heart.

And this time...he was going to do things right.

#

Dillon watched with an indolent yet narrowed stare as the two women who'd accompanied him to his hotel room dropped their scant clothing and stepped from their puddled designer sheaths wearing nothing but their toned skin and wicked stilettos.

Gigi - was that her name? - smiled at her friend, Stacy - and bent down to suck Stacy's pert, pebbled nipple into her mouth for a long, teasing suck. A half-smile lifted the corner of his mouth as he enjoyed the show, his cock stirring to life with promise. He refused to allow his brain to think of anything but the moment at hand. He had no reason to think at all. He planned to get fucked - and Gigi and her hot friend were going to help facilitate his plan. Dillon settled in to enjoy the show as Gigi knelt before Stacy and buried her face into the bare folds, nuzzling the flesh before slipping her tongue between the slit, playing with the tiny clit jewel that winked in the soft light. Dillon had a nice view of Gigi's heart-shaped ass as she pleasured her friend and as he freed his cock from his trousers, he palmed the length slowly as the two women got the party started. Gigi glanced over her bare shoulder to ask coyly, "Do you like what you see?"

"If I didn't you wouldn't still be here. Less talk, more action," he instructed with a narrowed gaze. He didn't want chit-chat and he didn't want to get to know them beyond the superficial satisfying of physical need. Stacy moaned and clutched at Gigi's head, her breathing becoming harsh and gasping as her face flushed with pleasure. Dillon enjoyed watching a woman cum - nothing aroused him faster than a woman losing control of herself as her body clenched and released - but as he watched the two women together and heard Stacy's cries, he felt little more than a mild flush of arousal, which not only frustrated him but angered him as well. He wasn't naive. He knew why he wasn't fully hard when by all rights he ought to be busting out of his skin - and her name was Penny.

Nothing about Penny had been tawdry, unlike the XXX show he was getting three feet from his nose. Penny's cries of passion had been gasoline to his flame, igniting a firestorm that swept them both away until they were rasping for breath and clinging to one another in amazement. He squeezed his eyes shut, determined to shake her from his mind, gesturing for the women to join him. They fluttered around him, kneeling before him, cooing and twittering about how lovely and big his cock was and it was all he could do not to get up and walk away. You will get over her! He felt soft lips wrap around his cock, while a wet tongue slid along his shaft and clever fingers sought out his ass. He scooted down a little further in the chair to allow better access and concentrated on how amazing it felt to have his ass fingered by someone who was skilled in pleasuring a man in a myriad of different ways. If he asked Penny to stick her finger up his ass, she'd probably shriek in embarrassment, he thought with a faint smile. And even that would be hot because it would be Penny. She had this sexy, sweet and vulnerable quality about her that rocked his world and when she found her release with him, he nearly embarrassed himself by cumming almost immediately afterward because he'd lost the ability to remain detached and controlled. God, it'd been amazing. Nothing like what he was getting right now, which felt wrong and dirty - and not in a good way.

His lids flipped open almost desperately as he sought a way to kickstart his arousal but as Gigi rose to plant her lips on his, he shifted his head, unable to stomach the idea of allowing her dirty mouth to graze his. He'd never been a huge fan of kissing - until Penny. God, he could kiss her senseless.

"What's wrong?" Gigi asked softly, her breath smelling of Stacy's musk. "I thought you wanted to have a good time." She nuzzled his neck. "If you want to fuck me in the ass, you can. I love a fat cock in my ass; it's my favorite way to get fucked."

"Aren't you afraid my fat cock will rip your ass wide open?" he asked with faint mocking, which she completely missed as she practically purred in answer.

"Baby, I can take whatever you want to dish out. It's not my first rodeo," she said, giggling as she added in a conspiratorial whisper, "But if you want a really tight hole, Stacy has never been fucked in the ass and she's dying to try it."

He looked to the peroxide blond and raised a brow. "Is that true? Never had a cock in your ass?" At her practiced shy shake of her head, he resisted the urge to call her bluff. He was willing to bet a small fortune these two women played men all the time with this routine. However, he was more amused than outraged by their play and went along to see where they were going with it. "I like virgin asses...what's it going to take to allow me to fuck you in your virgin ass?" he asked conversationally, as if he weren't lying half-reclined with his cock jutting out and two naked whores plying their wares in his over-priced penthouse suite.

"Well, for you...I'd let you have it for an extra five thousand," Stacy said, almost demurely, which almost caused him to laugh out loud. It seemed ludicrous to him for someone to try and play the innocent card when they were quite expertly manipulating his prostate with their clever little fingers. There was a reason Gigi and Stacy drove up in a Mercedes - they were good at their jobs. He had no doubt that both Gigi and Stacy (likely not even their real names) had been fucked in every which way possible, so many times in fact, it would be a miracle if his cock didn't flop around uselessly like a hot dog thrown down a hallway. At that he burst out laughing, causing both women to stare and frown at his outburst.

"What's so funny?" Stacy asked, dropping her demure act and quickly withdrawing her fingers from his ass. She shared a look with Gigi and both seemed to know that he'd completely lost interest. Even his cock, which never discriminated, had deflated to its flaccid state, lolling to the side as if suddenly exhausted. "You still have to pay us," Stacy said, rising in irritation. "It's not our fault that you couldn't get it up long enough to get the job done."

What could he say? He knew it wouldn't matter how many times they sucked his cock or stuck their tongue up his ass, he simply wasn't going to rise to the occasion and it was downright embarrassing as fuck but for some reason, he was relieved. Dillon chuckled as he grabbed his pants and pulled a wad of cash free, tossing it to Stacy in a dismissive gesture. "I'm sure that's plenty for your trouble," he said. "Now get out."

"Gladly," Gigi muttered, scooping up her clothes and jerking them on. "C'mon Stacy."

The two women left and Dillon heaved a sigh of consternation. He was losing his mind. And his mojo. Somehow that didn't seem quite fair.

Please God...there had to be someway to get her out of his head.

And heart.

Otherwise, he might have to become a monk.

#

"And what do I owe this surprise?" Dillon asked in a bored drawl as Nolan and Vince entered his office with steadfast resolve in their identical faces. "I wasn't expecting a meeting with you until sometime next week but if you're in a hurry to discuss terms..."

"Cut the crap, Dillon," Vince interrupted with a curt gesture as he helped himself to his brandy while Nolan took a seat opposite Dillon. "We need to talk about Penny."

At the mention of her name, Dillon immediately shut down. "Not interested in talking about your little pet. I've since lost interest in that particular topic."

"You're lying," Nolan said quietly. Dillon shot him a dark look but Nolan didn't back down. "You may think you're the king of deception but we've long ago discovered your tells. You have to remember, little brothers idolize their big brothers and we were no different. At one time, we wanted to be just like you." Dillon had no response for that, choosing to regard his brothers silently. Truthfully, a part of him was curious about what his brothers had to say. Had Penny mentioned that he'd seen her at the park? Vince joined his brother in the opposite chair, a hard look in his eyes. "We want to know what your intentions are regarding Penny."

"I would've thought my intentions were clear enough," Dillon said coolly. "I wanted her, I took her. Simple and eloquent don't you think? Besides, she was a means to an end and she worked quite perfectly. For that, I'm very grateful."

"You're such a liar. You care for her."

"You presume too much," Dillon retorted, shifting in his chair. "But for the sake of argument what makes you think that I care for the girl?"

"Because Penny is the kind of girl who gets under your skin and doesn't let go until you can't possibly imagine life without her," Vince said, startling Dillon with his revelation. Dillon regarded his brother with renewed interest. He leaned forward and Vince stared him down. "So, what are your intentions with Penny?"

"I think the bigger question is what are your intentions? Are you suddenly growing a heart, little brother?" Nolan made a sound of irritation and Vince looked ready to jump from his chair and plant his fist in Dillon's mug. "It's a fair question wouldn't you say? I've never known you to be afflicted with any sort of deep affection for anyone but yourself so I'm curious as to what's truly happening here. If I recall, you're all about the chase. As far as I can tell, the chase for Penny is over. She's your willing pet. It amuses me that you care that I've fucked her when that hadn't seemed to matter in the past," Dillon said, his tone taking on a bitter edge.

"You fucking bastard, just come out and say it! This is about Isabel, not Penny. Why don't you grow a fucking pair and just admit it!" Vince shouted, jumping to his feet. Dillon followed, lightening fast. Within seconds, they were toe-to-toe, the rage in each other's eyes burning like twin coals beneath a wicked flame.

"Guys!" Nolan tried to intercede but Dillon and Vince both wanted this. Dillon had dreamed of putting his brothers in their place since the day he'd discovered what they'd done to Isabel after he left. The twins hadn't given him a chance to redeem himself before they'd swooped in and put their grubby hands all over his girl.

"You want to hit me?" Vince taunted, giving Dillon a hard push. "Don't be a pussy. Go ahead. Do it. Because I've got something reserved for you that I've been holding onto for the past eight years!"

"Is that so?" Dillon mocked, advancing toward Vince, his rage percolating at a dangerous level. "Do your worst, baby brother."

"You don't have to ask me twice," Vince muttered right before swinging a hard right hook straight at Dillon's face. Dillon managed to avoid the hit to his face but took a blow to his shoulder, stumbling a bit but he rebounded quickly, adrenalin giving him an extra boost of power as he lunged at his brother, taking them both to the floor with a roar.

"You rotten son-of-a-bitch," Dillon shouted, landing a punch across Vince's cheek as they grappled like Greek Olympians in designer clothing. They'd all lettered in football and wrestling and all that age-old training kicked in as they grunted and shouted, landing punches as they rolled across the fine carpeting, leaving smudges of each other's blood in their wake. Nolan shouted for them to break it up but Dillon and Vince were determined to beat the holy hell out of each other or die trying.

"Selfish, self-absorbed asshole!" Vince countered with a grunt just as Dillon locked his legs around his torso and wrenched his head back. Vince struggled but Dillon tightened his hold as Vince clutched desperately at the choke hold Dillon had on his windpipe.

"Let him go, Dillon," Nolan yelled. "You're going to kill him!"

Dillon, breathing hard, let go of his brother and pushed him hard away from him. Vince gasped and rose to his knees, rubbing at his neck with a surly expression as he recovered. Dillon rose slowly to his feet and Vince followed. A long moment of heavy silence passed between the three until Vince, his gaze bitter, said, "You weren't the only one who had loved Isabel," he said. Dillon shot him a sharp, warning look but Vince barreled forward anyway. "We made a mistake, Nolan and I. If I'd known how to deal with the feelings I was having, I never would've agreed to the arrangement...we were young and stupid but no one was dumber than you for letting her go in the first place."

Nolan looked away, ashamed. Dillon had never seen his charming twin express something akin to genuine emotion. "We were so arrogant. We didn't realize the damage we were doing. I thought it was all part of the game and I wanted to win. I don't want to make the same mistake with Penny."

Vince shared a look with his twin. "I don't either. Isabel haunts us all. Isn't it time we let her rest in peace?"

"Don't talk to me about Isabel if you know what's good for you," Dillon warned, tears springing to his eyes. "She was my girl. You had no right. What you did was inexcusable."

"Yes, you're right," Nolan said hotly, stepping forward. "But you're not off the hook either. You were stupid and brash and arrogant, too. If you'd realized what an asset you had in Isabel, you never would've tossed her away during what accounts for a royal temper tantrum."

"A temper tantrum? Is that what you call what happened between me and our father?"

"You spoiled bastard," Vince bit out. "You think you cornered the market on being bullied by that man? He fucked with us all! We were just smarter than you and learned how to play the game! Why couldn't you have just swallowed your pride? None of this had to have happened. Did you ever stop to consider if you hadn't been so damn selfish, maybe Isabel would still be alive?"

"Don't play the what-if game with me" Dillon snarled. "Don't you think I've spent the last eight years wondering how things might've been different if I hadn't cut ties? But unlike you I couldn't live under the old man's thumb. Unlike some people I'm not content to suck off of someone else's tit in exchange for luxury. I made my own fortune and I did it on my own terms. Can you say the same?

"Bravo, brother," Nolan mocked, adding to ask, "But at what cost?" Dillon's stony silence was answer enough. Nolan shook his head and said, "You have no idea the true cost. Honestly, I thought I was doing you a favor in keeping something from you but I know now you'll never truly understand the burden we carried for you unless we tell you now."

"Don't. He doesn't deserve to know," Vince said, shooting Dillon a disgusted look.

"What are you talking about?" Dillon asked, suspicious. "What do you mean you kept a secret from me?"

"When Isabel died her family asked for an autopsy. They couldn't believe that she would've jumped. But what none of us knew was that she was pregnant."

"I already knew about the pregnancy." Dillon's jaw tensed. "For all I knew, she was carrying your child."

"How did you know?" Nolan asked, confused.

Now it was Dillon's turn to be ashamed. "She tried contacting me. She left me a message, telling me she was pregnant. By that point, I'd known about your arrangement and I was bitter. Besides, I figured the baby was probably yours or Vince's, which made it your problem, not mine." Dillon ran a hand through his hair, fighting a rise of nerves as his stomach threatened to rebel. "I never imagined she might kill herself," he admitted in a pained voice. "I never even considered it. If I'd had an inkling that she might harm herself...I would've done what I could to save her." He looked to his brother. "How do you know the baby was mine?"

"Because there was the possibility that baby was ours, we had a DNA test done on the fetal tissue." Nolan met Dillon's gaze and held it. "Without a doubt, the baby was yours."

Dillon felt sucker punched. All the air in his lungs evaporated and his vision zeroed to a pinprick. This was how it felt to have the rug jerked out from beneath you; to have your world come crashing down around your ears. He thought he'd known how that felt but he'd been wrong. His hand went to his heart almost involuntarily as he struggled to breathe. He stared at his brothers, uncomprehending. "What are you saying to me? How could you keep this secret?" he asked, incredulous.

"Now you know the true cost of your actions, asshole," Vince said, not giving Dillon an inch. "And the kicker is I loved her so much I would have raised that baby as my own if she would've had me. But her heart was tangled up with you and there was no room for me. And because you refused to listen to reason, you were so fired up about leaving the family she didn't feel she had a choice. For once in your life you needed to think about someone else aside from yourself but you didn't and split. So yeah, we were guilty of a lot of things but you can't place the blame completely on our shoulders."

For the first time in his life Dillon felt as if he were sliding into a black hole. It shouldn't have mattered about the paternity of the long-lost baby. But somehow it did matter. It mattered more than he ever imagined it would. Why hadn't Isabel told him? It might've made a difference in his decision. He might've swallowed his pride, but then, he might not have. It was hard to say. The clarity of hindsight was legendary.

"And now there's Penny. I'll admit we didn't start this journey with the cleanest of intentions. Old habits die hard. But she's the kind of woman who deserves love and if she were to have me, I would give her the world. But just like Isabel, all she truly wants is you. So you have to ask yourself, what are your true intentions with Penny? If you have no plans to offer anything but pain and heartache because you're pissed off at us then get ready for the fight of your life because there's no way in hell I'll allow you to hurt Penny the way you hurt Isabel. But if you love her..." Vince stopped as if the words were cutting his throat to say them. When he resumed, his gaze was filled with pain but also honesty and integrity, which were qualities Dillon had never seen on his brother. "We'll step out of the way. Not for you - but for her. Are you feeling me?"

Dillon looked to Nolan and saw that the other twin was in complete agreement. Of course they were, they shared one brain. But honestly, he couldn't possibly give either one of them an answer because his mind was so blown over the revelation they'd dropped in his lap. "You said your piece, now get out." Dillon didn't want to look at either of them. They'd withheld important information and of all the things that he could hold against them, this was by far the worst.

Nolan looked at him with disappointment. "You have a chance to be a better man. Don't screw this one up. Come on, Vince lets go."

Dillon sank into the chair and stared with unseeing eyes across the bay. At some point, and he wasn't sure when it happened, he had a scotch in his hand. One scotch turned into two, two turned four and then he lost count. But it didn't matter how many drinks he poured down his throat, the pain in his heart continued until he thought he might die.

#

It was well past sundown and into the late evening when Penny heard a loud crash in the foyer. She startled and peeked around the corner and was shocked to see Dillon standing unsteadily amidst the broken pieces of an expensive vase. "What are you doing here? Are you drunk?" she asked as she caught a whiff of strong alcohol to exclaim in horror, "Oh my God, did you drive here?"

A mocking smile twisted his beautiful mouth. "Are you worried about my safety, pet?"

She glowered as she went to help him before he broke something else of value. "No. I'm worried about the other people on the road. You can go to hell."

"My, my... someone's feeling feisty aren't they?"

"Oh shut up, you drunken idiot." Why, of all the doors in the city, had he somehow landed at mine? Penny maneuvered Dillon with some difficulty to her bedroom where he flopped on the bed with a grunt. She sighed and bracketed her hands on her hips, wondering what to do with him. Perhaps she should call the twins, they'd come get him for her. But even as that idea had merit she knew she wouldn't call them. "Do you need some coffee?" she asked.

"So I can be a wide-awake drunken idiot?" Dillon laughed. "Penny, what I need does not come in a coffee pot."

"And what do you need?"

"I need redemption." Penny frowned as he laughed. He was losing his mind. "Do you have that in your cupboards?" he asked with a guffaw.

"You're not making any sense. What are you talking about?"

At that Dillon buried his face in her pillows and groaned. "I'm a rotten son of a bitch."

"That I knew. Is there something else? Something new?" Scary thought, that. "Did you break someone else's heart recently," she muttered, mostly to herself and didn't expect him to hear in his inebriated state but he had.

He rolled to his back. "I've done a lot of terrible things in my life, Penny. And I thought I could make up for them with time but some things, are simply too big to account for in your little ledger of good karma."

Penny frowned and sat beside him. She had a feeling whatever was eating at Dillon had nothing to do with her. "What happened?" she asked softly. She caught his gaze and she found a wealth of sadness and pain, so much so that she wanted to hold them in her arms and tell him it was going to be all right. But she did neither and simply waited.

"Kiss me, Penny," Dillon murmured, leaning toward her. As much as she wanted to sink into his embrace she put her hand up to stop him. He seemed to understand and didn't push the issue. He sighed. "Smart choice. You deserve better. Sorry for fucking with your life."

"Being a martyr doesn't suit you. I made my own choices. Now tell me, what's going on?"

"Do you really want to know? It might change your whole opinion of me forever."

At that she actually chuckled. "Dillon, let's be real. I already know you're a jerk at your worst but I also know that at your best you're pretty amazing. Whatever is wrong I promise I won't judge you."

God, she hoped she could live up to that promise. What if he admitted something heinous? Like he liked to slaughter puppies in his spare time? No, she told her rapidly running away imagination, whatever was eating at him had something to do with Isabel. She'd be willing to bet her life on it. And if that was the case, she would gladly provide the shoulder for him to cry on because God knows, Dillon has needed to let this go for a long time.

"I used to blame my brothers for Isabel's death but in reality, it was me. I'm the one who caused her to jump off that building. If she hadn't met me, she wouldn't have gotten pregnant with my baby." Dillon met Penny startled stare. "Yeah, you heard me correctly. Penny was pregnant with my baby."

"How do you know?"

"Ah, well, it seems my brothers have always known. But they decided to keep that information from me. Apparently there was a DNA test during autopsy," Dillon looked sick to his stomach. "And the DNA match came back to me." He looked to her. "I could've been a daddy. Scary thought, huh?"

"I think when you get your head on straight you'll be an amazing father." Maybe she shouldn't have admitted that but it was true. The fact that she would willingly have his children was something that she would keep to herself however. "Why didn't they tell you?" she asked.

"I don't know but I can guess. Vince was in love with Isabel and he wanted to lash out at me. He didn't feel I deserved to know. Nolan, probably didn't want the publicity. I don't know, all I know is that this is damn near unforgivable."

"No it's not," Penny disagreed surprising him. "You've been fighting with your brothers for so long it's time to let it go. Isabel died. How long are you going to let her ghost chase you around? I hate to be blunt but this is the way that it is, Isabel is gone she is part of the past and so is your baby. You have your whole future ahead of you, if you would just grab it. If you chose you could have gobs of children and be an amazing father to each and every one of them but instead you're choosing to drown yourself in alcohol over something that happened in the past. You can't change what happened. Don't use it as an excuse to fight with your brothers over misplaced guilt. Get over it, Dillon. Stop living in the past."

"Easy to say when you're not living it."

"No, actually it's not easy to say. But I think it's something that needs to be said. I've only known the Buchanans for a relatively short time but in that time I've learned a few things. You are all selfish jerks. You used people for your own advantage and you let money draw your moral boundaries. Basically, what you've all learned is that money doesn't buy happiness. It's a trite statement but it is so true. When I was growing up my Papa didn't have a lot. But I always had lots of love. Can you say the same? From what I've heard about your father he wasn't very affectionate. Kids need love not an endless bank account. You have an opportunity to be different and change and so do the twins. Take a chance and be different."

"I don't know how to be different."

"Sure you do. You were different with me." With that soft admission she leaned forward and brushed a soft kiss across his lips. "I saw the real you for a brief moment and I liked that man. I liked him a lot. But I don't like the man he pretended to be because you're so consumed with bitterness and anger so when you're ready to let the true you come through I'll be here, waiting."

"You're an impossible romantic," Dillon said his gaze softening. "How does someone like you navigate the world without being crushed by people like my family?"

"I'm tougher than I look," she retorted dryly. "Now, would you like me to call you a cab?"

He looked wounded. "You would toss me out on my ear in my state? What if I trip and crack my head open? All manner of nasty things can happen to a poor drunk man suffering from an overindulgence of scotch and a heavy conscience."

She laughed. "Fine. You can take the couch."

"I have a better idea," he suggested, catching her hand and pulling her closer. "I say I stay right here, in this bed with you. I promise to keep my hands to myself."

"I don't believe you," she said.

He shrugged. "Now how is that my fault?" he asked, tugging his shirt over his head and tossing it to the floor. He began to unbutton his jeans and Penny gasped and covered her eyes. "What are you doing?" he asked, amused by her reaction. "There's nothing here you haven't seen already," he reminded her.

"I know that," she said, scowling from behind her hands. "But I don't need to see it again. At least not like this."

"And how is that?" he asked, sliding from the bed. He pulled her hands away from her face and she met his gaze, willing herself to stay strong but he was quite possibly the most beautiful man on the planet and it simply wasn't fair. Her gaze dipped to the hard muscles of his abdomen and she sucked in a shocked breath at how quickly arousal spiked through her. Oh damn. Her resolve was slipping already. She tried staring at him crossly. "What are you doing? How are we supposed to be friends if you keep trying to seduce me?" she asked.

He laughed, the sound causing ripples of awareness to jolt her backside. "Whoever said I wanted to be friends?" he asked, plucking at the ties on her shirt until the two halves slid open and revealed a creamy expanse of shoulder. His gaze darkened and he drew her into the shelter of his embrace before she could whisper a protest. He teased her mouth with the press of his lips, the taste of alcohol still on his breath, as he said silkily, "You and I were never destined to be friends, sweet little dove." He tightened his grip on her possessively. "We were destined to be lovers."

She gasped as his mouth covered hers in a sweet, yet savage kiss that shook her to her toes. She clung to him as her knees threatened to give out and all good intentions went out the window. She ought to tell him to get the hell out, that she wasn't interested but her body was readily making a mockery out of such a foolish declaration. A craving so sweet and sinful that she could barely stand to voice had begun to take over her senses, stealing her resolve and turning her mind to mush. All that mattered was Dillon's touch and how he managed to make her tremble like a leaf in the wind.

They tumbled to the bed and within seconds their clothes evaporated between them. The moment his mouth closed on her nipple she nearly lost herself in wild abandon, holding him tightly to her breast as he suckled like a baby, drawing the sweet flesh into his hot and greedy mouth with an insistence that sent spirals of need straight to her heated core. God, she'd missed him! There was no one who compared to Dillon. He made her body sing and her heart dance. "Ohh, Dillon," she gasped when he released her nipple and quickly buried himself between her thighs, giving her no time to protest or refuse, not that she would. She thrashed as he devastated her feminine folds, seeking out her clitoris like a beast after a meal. Her hips thrust against him, pushing herself closer and deeper to his marauding mouth and she clutched the bedsheets as she crashed into her climax with violent swiftness. "Ohhh, God!" she cried, shaking as wave after wave shook her body, her muscles clenching in unison as her orgasm buffeted her senses. Before she'd even recovered, her head still in a daze, Dillon was pushing his cock inside her. She groaned as she took his length, stretching to accommodate his girth. She clutched at his back, gasping as the tip of his cock rubbed perfectly against her G-spot in a tantalizing way and she wrapped her legs around him to get a deeper connection.

"Penny," he murmured against her mouth, sweeping his tongue through her mouth to slide sensually against hers. She moaned into his mouth, loving the feel of his body on top of hers. The delicious weight of his hard body pressing her into the mattress gave her a wicked thrill that she adored. "Oh God, why are you so perfect?" he said with a deep-chested moan. "Good God, you're like a drug in my system."

She buried her face in the crook of his neck while he plunged himself deeper and deeper inside her ready heat, the head of his cock pummeling her core with each pleasurable thrust until she was nearly mindless with the sweet sensation of being fucked by her bad boy. "Yessss," she cried, throwing her head back as she slammed into another orgasm, this one rocking her harder than the first. "Oh, God, yes, Dillon!"

He groaned as he filled her moist heat, shuddering in great, racking shakes of his body, until he was completely spent and collapsed, rolling off her with a loud, satisfied exhale as he recovered. Penny slowly came to her senses and rolled to her side only to find Dillon knocked out cold. "Damn," she murmured, pushing a chunk of hair behind her ear. So much for getting him onto the couch. She sighed and tucked him under the covers and then climbed in beside him. If Dillon was hellbent on sleeping in her bed, so be it; she was going to enjoy a night cuddled up to him. Who knew when it might happen again?

#

Dillon slowly awoke, momentarily disoriented when he didn't immediately recognize his surroundings but as he realized who was sleeping beside him, everything came back to him in a hazy rush. He closed his eyes against the harsh pounding of his head and quietly climbed from the bed, careful not to wake Penny. After swishing his mouth free of the taste of metallic sludge leftover from too many glasses of scotch, he splashed his face and went to the kitchen, his mind on coffee and breakfast, but not necessarily in that order. Hell, he'd made a huge mess of Penny's life. What had he been thinking to come here? His feet had, apparently, been on auto-pilot because he didn't actually remember purposefully showing up on her doorstep. He remembered calling a cab but not necessarily the address he'd given the driver. Well, he thought drily, he supposed that mystery was easily solved; he'd given the cab driver Penny's address.

And then he'd seduced her into having sex. Dillon leaned down on his elbows and tried not to stick his head in the grinder for being such a dick. He had no business messing with Penny any longer. But he'd be a liar if he said he hadn't slept like a baby curled up beside her. Maybe it was a combination of alcohol and sex but he'd enjoyed a dark oblivion, which he hadn't experienced in a long time. Sleep had long become his archenemy as work obligations had often corrupted his ability to simply drift off into La-La Land. But not with Penny. Sleeping beside Penny was near to heaven.

Fabulous. Just what he needed. More shit to cloud my judgment.

Penny appeared in the doorway looking delectably tousled and sexy as hell and he had to restrain himself from bending her over the kitchen table for round two. "I made coffee," he said, gesturing at the fresh pot brewing. She nodded and slid onto the barstool at the counter. He poured her a cup and pushed it to her. She didn't say a word and simply lifted her mug to jolt her system awake with the help of caffeine. "I'm sorry," he began, figuring he ought to start there. "I shouldn't have come here last night. I don't know what happened."

"I'm not sorry," she said, shocking him as she regarded him over the rim of her coffee mug. "I'm not sorry one bit."

"Why not?"

"Ask yourself this...why do you think you came here?" she countered.

"I was drunk and horny."

"Don't be deliberately crude to shock me and stop dancing around the emotional element in all this. You were hurting inside. And you came here. To me."

He didn't want to accept her simple logic because it created too many other deep questions that he wasn't ready to answer. She may be right but he wasn't willing to go there. "Penny, why do you do this? You read more into a simple act than it warrants. I needed a place to crash and when I drink too much, I want someone to fuck. End of story."

"Stop it!" She put her mug down forcefully, causing coffee to slosh over the sides. Her gaze burned a hole into his soul, demanding the kind of emotional honesty that scared him. "Haven't you learned a damn thing since Isabel? You shut her out and lost her - and your baby - because of your stupid pride. I know you care for me, Dillon because I care for you in the same way. Do you think I wanted to fall in love with you? Hell no. You were the last person on the planet I wanted to feel anything for but sometimes fate has different plans and you and I, for whatever reasons, feels right. Admit it. When you're with me, you feel different, more alive."

He scowled, hating that she was right. He stared her down. "Don't you get it? I don't love you! You were a means to an end. I wanted to hurt my brothers and you were an easy way to accomplish that goal. I'm not cut out to play house and I'm not about to start trying when I know for a fact, I would fail miserably at it."

"I don't believe you, you stubborn jerk," she said hotly, rising from her seat. "You're just a coward who's too afraid to admit that for the first time in his life, he wants something that he's too afraid to grab with both hands. All your money doesn't mean crap if you're too stupid to realize when you have something within your reach that could be really amazing!" She stomped out of the room and slammed the bedroom door, causing him to follow quickly, if only to set the record straight once and for all.

He kicked the door open and it splintered the jam, startling Penny as she gasped in shock at his aggression. "What the hell did you just do to my door, you jerk? You're paying for that, by the way," she said with a dark glower as she pulled her night shirt from her body, exposing all of those lovely curves. "Now, get out. I need to shower - this booty call just ended."

"You're not a booty call," he said with a low growl. Why 'd she have to take her shirt off? How was he supposed to remain focused when all he saw were those gorgeous breasts? Her eyes flashed with knowing yet she looked away, still angry. He stalked her into the bathroom and she gasped in irritation that he'd followed her. "Get this straight, I don't think of you like that. Okay?"

"Make up your mind. Just five minutes ago you claimed the only reason you showed up here was because you were horny. I'd say by definition, that is a booty call."

"What do you want from me?" Dillon asked, his gaze devouring her lovely body. He itched to cup her full breasts and bring them to his mouth but somehow, by the grace of God, he kept his hands to himself. He lowered his voice, suddenly losing the will to put up a front. "Penny, you deserve far better than me."

"Such as your brothers?"

"No." He nearly growled. He couldn't stand the thought of Penny being with his brothers...or anyone else for that matter. Damn it all! He claimed her mouth in a sudden movement that shocked them both. His tongue sought out hers and they tangled together in a sensual dance that immediately plumped his cock. He pulled away reluctantly to stare down at her. Her eyelids fluttered open and she regarded him with quiet grace. Why was she so beautiful? So perfect? He'd never find another woman like her and he knew it but what was he willing to offer her? "I'm a mess," he admitted softly. "I don't know how to deal with everything I've learned in the past twenty-four hours. I want to kill my brothers for keeping such a huge secret from me, but a part of me is tired of fighting with them."

"So stop fighting with them," she advised him as if it were that simple. "Dillon, my Papa used to tell me that we make our own choices. You can choose to forgive. You can choose to change the parts of your life that aren't working any longer. You used anger to drive you but you don't need it any longer. You're successful in your own right; you don't need your father's money any longer and honestly, your brothers are good men that if you'd give them half a chance, maybe you could repair what was torn apart so many years ago."

"You don't know what it's like to be a Buchanan. Forgiveness is not in our vocabulary," he said.

"Only because you haven't learned."

"I wouldn't know where to begin," he admitted, shaking his head.

She offered him a warm smile as she looped her arms around his neck. "I can help you - you start at the beginning. Start with, 'I'm sorry' and work your way up from there."

He liked the feeling of her arms around him. "And what happens if it doesn't work? Me and my brothers...we have a lot of hard feelings to work through. And now there's you. My brothers still want you." He tightened his grip around her waist. "And unlike my twin brothers, I don't like to share."

Her grin brightened and he thought he might drown in that beautiful smile. "Good thing for you, I've decided one Buchanan is plenty."

"Yeah?" He arched his brow. "And which one is that?"

"You, you big idiot. I want you."

And suddenly, that awful tightness in his chest dissipated like mist on the wind and he realized, he'd been holding onto all the wrong stuff. This silly, yet sweet and drop-dead gorgeous woman had shown him in the most shockingly simple way that life didn't have to be about conquests and annihilations and she gave him permission to forgive himself and his brothers for their individual parts in Isabel's death. It was all too much to absorb in one sitting and he spiraled into some kind of wonderful delirium as the first tender shoots of hope kindled in his heart. Maybe Penny was right. Forgiveness was the answer to his salvation, not revenge. "I want kids," he blurted out and her eyes widened. "Lots of them. And I want to marry you. Right now. Before you change your mind and realize that you're getting the worst end of the deal."

She stared. "Did you just ask me to marry you?"

Holy hell...yes. He nodded, suddenly scared. "Will you marry me? Please say yes."

Her eyes suddenly glistened at the vulnerable quality of his voice and she nodded, pulling herself deeper into his arms, shuddering as tears broke free. He held her tight and wondered by what stroke of luck he'd managed to land the most amazing woman in the world but he wasn't going to question his good fortune - not this time.

He'd spent half his life paying for one prideful moment, now he would spend the second half of his life, earning the privilege of loving a woman as amazing as his lovely, beautifully curved Penny. He grinned suggestively down at her and said as he cupped her generous, sweet ass, "Now about that shower..."

#

Epilogue

"I thought for your wedding gift, we could have our previous contract with Penny framed," Nolan joked with Dillon as they enjoyed an after-dinner sherry together while the girls were off spending gobs of money on bridal doo-dads, the likes of which none of the Buchanan men wanted to know a thing about. Dillon shot Nolan a dark look and he laughed. "No? I don't know, it's what brought you two together. Some might consider that romantic."

"Only an idiot would consider that romantic," Dillon countered with good humor. Three short months ago, he'd wanted to destroy his brothers and anything they'd held dear. Now they were laughing and giving each other a hard time as they had as boys - and it felt good. It felt damn good.

Vince and Nolan had since found nice, respectable young women to date and both were going to stand beside Dillon at the wedding ceremony. Dillon had wanted a quick wedding but Penny had wanted something a bit more...well, just more in general. And because he'd do anything to see her smile, he'd caved quite naturally. Except, time wasn't exactly on their side.

"So, when do you think Penny will start to show?" Vince asked.

"Just about the time we come back from our honeymoon. And if I find you staring at her tits, I'll knock you the fuck out," he warned Vince.

"No worries, big brother. I have plenty to keep me interested at night. Besides, I don't see Penny that way any more. She's your girl and I respect that. I wish I'd done that with Isabel. Maybe things would've ended differently for us all."

Dillon reflected on that statement and nodded to his brother, respecting his sentiment but being with Penny had changed his perspective on many things, including the tragedy of Isabel. "If things hadn't happened the way they had, I wouldn't have Penny. And honestly, she's the best thing that ever happened to me so, little brother, I say we let the past rest. Having you two idiots back in my life, has made me realize how much I was missing out on and I never want to go back to the way life was before. Besides, someone's got to keep you two in line and who better than your big brother?"

"Amen, brother." Nolan smiled and lifted his glass as his brothers followed suit. "To the Buchanans..."

"May the next generation be smarter than we ever were!" Vince added with gusto.

"Amen," Dillon murmured and smiled. "A-fucking-men."

***

Author's Note:

Thank you so much for going on this journey with Penny and her Billionaire Brothers. It's been a pleasure writing this amazing series for my fans and I'm so honored to have found a place in your hearts with this wonderful story.If you loved this story, please tell a friend or feel free to "like" or post a nice review! All efforts to spread the love are much appreciated.

Warmly,

Alexx Andria

***

Here's an excerpt from Alexx Andria's hot, emotionally erotic story, ONE NIGHT TO SAY GOODBYE:

"What are you doing here?"

That single question, even as uninviting as his stark tone implied, sent a riot of goosebumps popping along Elise's skin. She remembered that voice, as if it were spoken in her ear only yesterday instead of the years between them, and her breath caught painfully in her chest. The desire to fall into his arms, regardless of the consequences, tightened her muscles and made rational thought difficult. He looked the same - God, did he never age? - not classically handsome, but unique and different, but always virile and powerful. The tension between them pulsed like a live wire, sparking dangerously within the confines of the executive office. Gage had always been ruthless in business; his penchant for the jugular had served him well, she noted as her stare flitted among the fine furnishings and dark-paneled walls. Her stare returned to his, daring him to throw her out as he should for the both of their sakes.

"I'm getting married," she said, barely able to manage the words. When she was with her fiance Scott, she felt no hesitation in saying those words. She loved him. But standing before Gage made the words seem forced from her mouth. "I thought you should know."

"Why?" His cold and distant stare might've fooled another, but Elise knew beneath that cool exterior burned a passion that distance and time had not squelched. Perhaps it had been foolish to come here but she'd known in her heart, she wouldn't be able to walk down that aisle, dressed in white, to pledge her heart to Scott when another had already staked their claim. She needed closure. At least that's what she'd told herself as she'd purchased her plane ticket to Colorado and lied to Scott about her trip.

She'd called it business. Well, it was...of sorts.

Scott, bless his naive heart, had bought her lie without reservation. And why wouldn't he? Elise had been lying to the poor man from the beginning.

"I need..." Oh God. How could she say the words? How could she tell Gage that she needed him out of her system so she could marry another? It seemed wrong...but not as wrong as the secret between them. She swallowed. "Gage...I just needed to see you."

His blue eyes - eyes she remembered roaming her body with a fever that no aspirin could ever cool - flashed and hope lit up her belly like a Fourth of July sparkler. After what seemed an eternity, he broke the tense silence with a shake of his head, his expression softening by the barest of margins. "Elise," he murmured with a hint of anger. "You should've stayed away."

She nodded. "I know." God, how she knew. "But I couldn't."

"Does he know?"

"Of course not. And he will never know."

A smile that flirted with cruelty lifted the corner of his mouth. "Why not? Your beloved doesn't deserve to know that you were once in love with your brother."

"Step brother," I whispered, tears filling my eyes at how casually he spoke of the thing that held us both hostage. And she knew with a fatal certainty that she was still in love with Gage no matter that she could never truly have him. She lifted her chin. "Scott is a good man. He treats me well and I'm a lucky woman."

"I know," he said, surprising her. She raised startled eyes to his. "I may be far, but I can't help myself it seems when it comes to you. If he wasn't worthy of your love...I'd never allow this wedding to happen."

"How did you...?"

"Elise," he said, his tone faintly patronizing. "I make it my job to know what is happening in your life. My promise to you was that I would stay away, not that I would stop caring. I've held up my end of the bargain...you, on the other hand, have broken it by coming here."

"I'm sorry," she admitted, knowing she was taking a risk. "I just need some closure so I can start fresh with Scott."

"And you thought coming here was going to accomplish that?" he mocked, shifting in his chair. The movement reminding her of a jungle cat, all sinewy and muscle beneath the silk of his skin. The subtle nod of her head was her only answer. She was too busy undressing him in her mind to form too much of a valid argument. The fact was, she had no business coming here tonight. It'd been pure lunacy to board a plane to the one man she needed to keep from her life. They were two people who could never be together. The fallout would devastate so many. Which was why Gage had moved to Colorado and Elise made a point to be out of town on the rare occasions that he visited. "And what kind of closure are you needing, sister dear? I moved three states away. I never call...aside from disappearing from this planet, I'm not sure how I could further accommodate you."

"Stop being a cold prick," she said.

"Stop being a tease," he countered, his eyes hard. "There's only one reason you would show up unannounced with that look in your eyes...you came to get fucked. As if one last time would ever be enough between you and me. We both know the answer to that, which is why I moved away. I tried to make this easier on us both. We need that distance to protect our family from ourselves. The devastation would be horrific. We both agreed, it wasn't worth it."

Tears tingled behind her eyes. Everything he said was true. His father, her mother, their blended siblings...the fallout of their love affair would shatter their family if discovered. But she knew there was no way in hell she could let Scott completely into her heart when Gage was so firmly planted there. "I can't marry him without this," she said, tears falling from her eyes. "I can't. Believe me when I say that I love him but when I close my eyes at night, you are there. You're in my dreams, my nightmares, my waking moments. I can't seem to escape the memories or the desire that haunts me." All mocking fled from his expression and he seemed as stripped bare and vulnerable as she. In that moment, they were equally miserable, wanting the one person who was off-limits for so many reasons. "I can't have you. So I will build a life with this man and have his children but tonight, I need you. I need you to help me say goodbye to the past so I can move on with my future."

"What you're asking...it won't help. It will only make things worse," he said hoarsely. "It will awaken a beast that's been fitfully sleeping since the day I left California. I've built a life here...away from you...and it has taken every shred of self-control to keep from dragging you back to Colorado with me, damn the consequences! And now you show up, begging me to fuck you so you can forget me?"

Shameful, hot tears coursed down her cheeks. The truth was certainly uglier when verbalized than when hidden behind private justifications but she held his gaze without flinching. "Yes," she admitted, not bothering to wipe away her tears. Let him see how much she hurt inside to ask. Let him know nothing she said or did came without cost. "I'm only here until tomorrow. My flight leaves at 10 a.m. We have twelve hours to get each other out of our systems. Then, I'm going to board that plane, sore and bruised in every way, and I'm going to forget anything ever happened between us, now or in the past. You will do the same. I will marry Scott and you will find someone you can love without restrictions. Someday, we might even be able to face one another as we should...as brother and sister."

"You're living in a dreamland," he said bitterly. "There is no one for me but you."

She closed her eyes. "There has to be. There will be. But not as long as you have me in your heart."

"This is -"

"The only way," she cut in, more sure than ever before. She advanced, resolve emboldening her step. Her nerves were suddenly calm, but excitement fluttered in her belly. She held his stare, murmuring with promise. "Time is wasting, my brother. And I need you. Now."

