One

My parents take me out to dinner the night they tell me my mother is going to die. I should have suspected something was up when they said we were going to Bolero. That should have been a red flag, with glitter and flashing neon lights on it. Bolero wasn't the kind of place we'd go if there wasn't a reason or a special occasion.

"We have something to tell you," Mom says, using the same words parents use when they tell you you're going to have a sibling, or your grandmother has died or you're not going to get to go to Disney World after all. Any one of those things would be better than this.

I poke at my asparagus with hollandaise while my parents hold hands and try to tell me things are going to be fine, when really the world is falling apart. My fork scrapes against the china of the plate and the sound makes my teeth hurt.

I look up to make sure the restaurant hasn't collapsed around us. Destroyed in some apocalyptic earthquake. Instead, there are tables of people smiling and laughing, clinking wine glasses and trying not to spill anything on the white tablecloths. Two tables away, a teenage boy steals a kiss from a giggling girl. They can't be more than fourteen. I watch her hand knock against a glass and he catches it before it tips over. I wish I was her. I wish I was anyone else.

"We're going to take things one day at a time. Treasure each moment." My mother is full of quotes that she dispenses like a pharmacist hands out pills. A penny saved is a penny earned, knowledge talks; wisdom listens, better to light a candle than curse in the darkness. She has one for every situation, even this one.

"It is always darkest before the dawn," she says.

She reaches across the table for my hand, giving it a squeeze. I try to smile, but can't make my face muscles care enough to try. I look down again at my plate of food, wanting to throw it across the room. I want to cry, to scream, to toss the table over and destroy the entire place. Set it on fire and watch it burn. I will never be able to eat here again, that's for sure.

"We don't have an exact time table, but it looks like it's going to be about six months. So, we have plenty of time for hiking and camping, and I'll get to see my tulips bloom one more time." She winks at Dad. I want to scream at her.

"But what about -" My father puts his hand on my shoulder to stop me. I resist the urge to glare at him. That's the way he is. Don't get upset. Don't show your weakness. Must be strong for her. We can't show our cracks for fear that she'll be the one who breaks. It's such a load of crap. He and I don't mesh. Mom is the cream in the middle of the Double Stuff Oreo that is our family.

"We've tried all we can, Ava. At this point, anything else would do more harm than good. The best thing to do now is to enjoy our time and not regret what we can't fix." I clamp my lips down on all the vitriol I want to spit at him. He smiles at her and she beams back at him, as if it's their wedding anniversary. He brushes some of the hair from her wig behind her ear. It's a shade redder than her real hair, which is a deep brown.

"We thought we'd have this one night out as a family and then we can sit down and plan out what we'd like to do." Like we'd won the lottery and had all this free time.

"I don't care." I use my fork to attack a piece of ravioli. God, I'm never going to eat ravioli again without thinking of this. My stomach churns as I sweat, droplets running down my back. Shock, I think distantly.

"I'll be right back." My ballet flats slip quickly over the thick carpet of the floor. None of the other diners look up at me. They're too absorbed in each other and food and candlelight to notice me. As soon as I'm out of sight of their table, I run to the bathroom.

The ravioli burns as it comes back up my throat. Why did they let me eat and then tell me?

Thankfully, the bathroom is empty. I wish I'd brought a toothbrush, or some gum. My face is ugly pale in the dim light. I've worn my curly black hair twisted back, which is good, since it doesn't fall in my face when I'm puking. I wash my hands and try to get my body to stop shaking. My green dress has water spots on it, and I use a paper towel to try and dry them.

My mother is going to die. And there's nothing I can do about it.

Wobbling, I make my way back to the table. I see them before they see me and I pause for a second to watch. Mom leans into Dad, her fingers twist around his, their wedding rings glint in the candlelight. He says something in her ear and she covers a laugh with her hand. It makes me want to throw up again, but I force myself back to the table.

"Are you okay, Ava-Claire?" She's the only one who calls me that. The first was a name she'd picked out of a baby book the week before I was born. The other was her own, and my grandmother's.

"I'm fine." My voice is barely a whisper, my throat and heart sore. When I finally look up again, I see the things I always try not to. The wig she wears to cover her naked scalp. The veins on her hands and arms ruined from so many IV's. Her yellowish pale skin. The swelling of her delicate cheeks. The weight she'd lost on her willowy frame.

I see her now. Her broken body that has been through far too much. The chemicals they'd poured through her veins that were supposed to destroy, but they couldn't destroy the cancer. Couldn't accomplish the one thing they were supposed to do. I fiddle with my water glass, sliding it over the tablecloth. It leaves a water ring.

I don't cry. My tears had been wrung out of me when she'd first gotten sick. I'd stopped drinking so much water, in an attempt to stop producing them.

"Ava? Are you okay?"

No. I'm not.

Two

Cancer. Such a soft word for something so ugly and hard. Mutated cells that grow and kill, weakening my mother before my eyes.

She was diagnosed a year ago this June. She took me out for ice cream that time, like I was five again.Then she urged me to get the triple chocolate brownie sundae, and offered to pay. I started to get this feeling of dread in my stomach and I didn't want the sundae anymore, but I ordered it anyway.

It was one of those hot days where the air felt so wet that it was like walking through a sponge. I'd just gotten a few inches trimmed off the ends of my hair and was still getting used to it.

She sat me down at the only available picnic table. The other was occupied by two families with nine children between them, all screaming and pinching each other and whining about sprinkles.

I took a bite of the sundae, but the sweetness of it almost made me gag. She'd gotten a small soft serve twist, but ignored it. I watched as it dripped down her arm.

"Baby, you know how I went to the doctor's last week?" I nodded. She'd been feeling off for a while, and Dad had finally convinced her to go see someone. She took a breath before she continued. The ice cream kept dripping down her arm. I wish she'd do something about it.

"Well they did some tests. Baby, I don't want you to be scared." By this point the ice cream had melted all over the table, a swirling puddle of chocolate and vanilla. I couldn't stop staring at it.

"I have cancer." Her words sounded like they came from the other end of a tunnel, or like one of those phones you make out of soup cans and string when you're young and bored in the summer.

"Ava-Claire?" She waited for some type of response. I couldn't breathe. My chest was so heavy and tight, as if cinder blocks were stacked on top of me. My head was a million miles away, as if it abandoned my body. A child shrieked next to me and I jumped.

"How bad is it?"

"They caught it early. Dr. Hunt's going to start me on some treatments, and he's very optimistic." They didn't sound like her words. They sounded like something she'd read in a pamphlet about how to tell your daughter you've got cancer. Leukemia, to be precise. Fancy words that meant her body was attacking itself and they were going to pump her full of drugs to try and stop it.

"Aren't you going to finish your ice cream?" she said, pointing at the melted brownie mess in front of me. I hated melted ice cream, but I took a bite anyway. She didn't end up finishing her cone. She tossed it and said her stomach was upset. Her hands smeared melted ice cream on the steering wheel as we drove home.

***

My parents chat all the way home from the restaurant about silly things like the weather and the latest political scandal and whether my mother should bake banana bread or carrot cupcakes for her co-worker's retirement party. As if nothing has happened. We Sullivans are good at that, pretending things haven't happened. My dad's got his smile pasted on, but we all know how much effort it takes for him to wear it. Like an itchy sweater your grandmother gave you that you have to wear to please her because she's senile and old and you only see her a few times a year.

I wish I'd been able to take my own car. I would have rolled all the windows down and blasted some loud music; Taylor Swift or Muse or Neon Trees. Something I could forget myself in. Instead, I have to listen to them talk quietly while Seal croons in the background as I press my face to the cool glass of the window.

My mouth is dry from getting sick; I should have had some water at the restaurant.

"Ava-Claire, what do you think? Banana or carrot?" She cranes her neck over the seat. Oncoming headlights illuminate her from behind, haloing her in light.

"I don't care." It's the least acerbic answer I can give.

"Oh, come on." She reaches back and grabs my knee, right where it's ticklish. I try to twist away, but she's got me. Dad chuckles as he tries to shift around her.

"Stop it!"

"Banana or carrot?"

"Carrot!" It comes out as a shriek. I'm laughing, and I can't help it. I hate myself for it. She chatters at me the rest of the ride, but I can't shake the feeling that she's trying too hard, but that's her. Mom always tries too hard.

She gives me a hug when we get out of the car. I would be a horrible person if I couldn't hug her back, so I do, breathing in her lilac perfume. I always buy her a year supply for her birthday, just so she would always smell the same, but I never told her that.

"The dark before the dawn," she says again. I stay silent, closing my eyes and holding her. She's always been willowy, like a tall flower stalk. Graceful. The cancer made her brittle, like a dried flower. Breakable. Her dress barely stays on her knobbly shoulders.

She presses her forehead to mine, closing her eyes. I close mine too, and fight the urge to throw up again. When she takes my arm to go into the house, I want to pull away, but I know she needs the support. That's what Dad says we are. Support. Like it should always have a capital letter.

I try to escape to my room as quickly as I can. Dad twirls her around and puts on an old Beatles record. It's as if they don't see me, so I slip upstairs before they notice I'm gone. My phone buzzes with missed texts, but I just ignore them. Not tonight.

I throw my dress in the hamper after I've yanked it off. It was my go-to fancy dress, the one that Mom says matches the green eyes we share. I want to set it on fire so I never have to see it again. It's early, but I crawl into bed in my underwear. Soft laughter melts up the stairs and I shiver. It's not cold in my room, but I'm cold anyway. I make sure the window is closed and pull the flowered curtains shut.

She knocks on my door and I pretend to be asleep. Before leaving, she kisses my head and murmurs that she loves me. I keep my eyes closed and wait until she closes the door. I am a horrible daughter. Sometimes it's hard to live with the things I do to her, but I keep doing them.

It's like when you're little and your parents tell you not to touch the stove, because you'll get burned. You know you're not supposed to do it. Then there's this thing inside of you that makes you reach out, just to see. Nothing's going to happen. The voices of your parents fade away. You reach out... and scream as the stove singes three of your fingers.

There's no reason to do it. You know it's going to end badly. You do it anyway.

I drift into an uneasy sleep, replaying the horrible moment in my head over and over. After a few hours, I get up and put on some jeans and a t-shirt and creep downstairs. The house is dark and quiet except for my father's snores coming from my parent's bedroom. I'm safe.

Living in rural Maine means there are a lot of isolated places to go in the middle of the night where you can think and be by yourself. I can step off my porch and walk twenty feet and vanish into the trees and listen to the breath of the night. The animals burrowing and scurrying and foraging. The leaves shushing in the breeze, but I had my reservations about doing that without a flashlight. There were porcupines and skunks. Potential rabid squirrels. You never really knew.

That left the beach, five minutes away. It would be deserted and the cold air would clear my head and make me feel less sick, but I don't want to dig sand out of my sneakers. No, for this night I need somewhere quiet and safe. Somewhere that I know I can be completely alone, or at least feel that way.

It's cold for April, spring not having set in yet. I grab a sweatshirt and pull it over my head. The keys to my rusty Honda Civic are still in the kangaroo pocket. My car had been a gift when I'd gotten my license last year, just before she was diagnosed, actually. I hate associating the car with that, but I do. Soon I'll be rid of it; Dad said there was no way it would pass inspection.

I slowly back down the driveway. There isn't enough room for me to turn around without driving on the lawn. It's hard to do in the dark without the headlights, but there is no way I'm turning them on. I'd done this enough in the last year, so it had gotten easier.

My stomach is achy and empty. I should have grabbed something, but I don't want to eat. I don't want to eat or breathe or do anything.

I will not cry, I will not cry.

Once, my parents had tried to get me to go to this family therapy, but I'd refused. After threatening to drag me, Mom relented. Something about not forcing me to do something I wasn't ready for. Instead a book on the five stages of grieving had been left on my bed when I came home from school the next day. I'd gone in the middle of the night to burn it at the beach, using a lighter stolen from Dad. He'd started smoking again, so it was easy to attain. I'd been able to replace the lighter, and the book had never been mentioned again.

I turn on the radio and roll down the windows, feeling the cold air whip at my cheeks and wonder how I became the girl who goes driving in the middle of the night, and how much I wish I could go back in time to a place before tonight. Before the dinner. Hell, if I'm traveling back in time I'd go back a year-and-a-half. Back to when things were the way they were supposed to be. Before Dad started smoking, before the treatments, before I had panic attacks and threw up when I didn't have the flu and when I cared about going to school and getting invited to parties. Back when I cared about anything.

Three

Sussex had been settled in the 1700s, which means there's an abundance of historical sights and forts and ruins, and cemeteries. Lots of those. My destination is a ten minute drive from my house and affords the solitude I crave. No one will be there in the middle of the night on a Friday, unless they're teenage vandals. In that case, I'd leave an anonymous tip with the County Sheriff.

There are no cars in the little pull-off when I get there. I rest my hand on the little iron gate before I vault over it. Fourteen years of ballet comes in handy sometimes. I'd quit last year, but I knew my mother wanted me to go back. Now... I don't know.

Using my cell phone as a flashlight, I decide where I'm going to go. The ground is uneven, which creeps me out, but I try not to think about the effect of erosion on cemeteries. I go up one row, pausing to read some of the names. Many are so worn that you can't make them out, even in the daytime.

I run my hand over a small stone for a child who had only lived seven years. Life is so fragile, taken away so easily. I move from one stone to another, touching each one as if saying hello to a friend. They have been my friends this past year. I find more comfort in the dead than I do in the living. The dead don't ask me if I'm fine, or tell me that they are there for me and then never call. The dead don't make horrible tuna casseroles and drop them off, even though I've told them I'm a vegetarian and my mother is allergic to fish. The dead don't look at you like they're scared and pity you at the same time.

I sit down in front of one large stone that was so old, it nearly topples over when I brush it with my hand. Nothing lasts.

I have to go to school on Monday. I have to text my best friend and smile and take a geometry quiz and figure out where I want to go to college. Those things are so unimportant in the face of losing my mother. No, that's not right.

I wasn't losing her, like an earring or a set of keys. She's going away and never coming back. I'm still on the fence about the whole afterlife thing. I haven't thought about it much, because I always assumed she would get better. Everyone said so.

The sobs come up, consuming my entire body, making me shake as strange sounds escape from my mouth. There aren't tears, not yet. I'll have to let it go on for longer, and I'm not going to do that. My crying sounds are loud in the quiet night.

It takes me a while to get control of myself again. I hate it when I lose it, like some animal part of me takes over and I'm not human anymore. I can't see or feel anything. I am my grief. It consumes me, owns me. I let it, if only for a little while. I always come out of it in the end. Exhausted, but back in control. So I can put on a smile and continue pretending I'm fine.

At last, I'm able to inhale normally, and my legs support me when I stand. My jeans are wet and covered in dirt and my face is swollen and sticky from my tears. I'm going to look so awesome tomorrow morning.

I stare up at the stars, breathing in the night air. I read somewhere that people used to think that night air was bad for you. The vapors, they called it. They thought it brought disease. I can't understand why. I pull in a lungfull of it.

I walk around a bit after my episode is over. My crouched sobbing-position had made my legs stiff. My muscles also have a tendency to seize up on me when I really let the grief take over.

I stop to trace some of the names on the stones. Some are sharp and fresh, as if a knife carved them yesterday. Others are smudged with time, worn away by water and wind and snow, the flowers and candles are long gone. Near the back, at the oldest part of the cemetery are several mausoleums. Built, no doubt, by people who wanted to show how important they were with stone angels and iron doors to protect their dead, but no one cares. Nobody cares about you after you die.

Okay, so my thoughts are super-morbid, but that's what happens when one of your parents gets a life-threatening disease when you're a teenager. Still, I refuse to make the jump to full-on emo. There will be no completely black outfits with chain belts and combat boots. There will be no thick black eyeliner and random facial piercings. Yurgh.

Wandering a little more to compose myself, I go near the back of the cemetery, farthest from the road. It's older here, more wild. The ground is so uneven nobody mows it, so the grass is thick and tangled. Rocks are strewn about, and I have to tread carefully so I don't fall. Moss clings to everything, and it's like the air is different here. The oldest stones are nothing but crumbles of stone. No one bothers to come this way anymore, especially with the hulking mausoleums.

There are only five, built back when how important you were was determined by how ostentatious your grave was. What a stupid thing to spend money on.

I'd often wondered what it was like in there, but they're all sealed. I raise my cell-phone light to read the plaque over one of them, but the words are too small. I move on to the next one and stop. The doors are wide open, the two angels standing guard having failed in their duty. I hear two voices. Taking a step back, I consider trying to go back without being noticed.

"We go through this every year."

"I know."

The voices are both male. Using my amazing powers of deduction, I can guess they aren't here to visit a relative in the middle of the night. They're not here to cry their eyes out about their mother's terminal diagnosis, like me. So that leaves adolescent hijinks, my fave.

"She will never let you go." I might as well figure out what they're doing so I can call the cops. My hand twitches on my phone. I'll have to get farther away so they won't hear me.

"I know."

"Why try?"

"I have to."

"Your success rate leaves a little to be desired."

"I know." They're speaking quietly, but I hear every word. They certainly don't sound drunk or adolescent. They sound... I don't know. Like they're reciting lines from a play or something. One of the voices is British, his accent sharp and clear. The other speaks in monotone, no apparent accent.

"Why don't you forget it for this year, and have a treat with me? I know you can feel her. Hear her heart. When was the last time?" Wait, is he talking about me? I try to breathe more shallow, and wish my heart would stop pounding. I'm far enough from the entrance that he can't have heard me. Maybe this is some sort of gang code. If so, I'm in more trouble than I thought. I should have just gone back to the damn car. Isn't there some kind of hand signal you can make so they know you're one of them?

My mind goes to some strange places sometimes.

"No."

"Then if you won't, I will."

One minute I'm trying to hear what they're saying, and the next there is a cold hand around my throat.

"Hello, pretty," the British voice says in my ear. It takes almost a full second for me to realize there is something hard and cold around my neck.

A hand.

Clawing, I try to thrash and kick him the way they taught us in that one self-defense class I took in gym last year. The problem is that he's behind me. What did they say about that? Something about throwing them off balance. I try that, jamming my ass backwards, but instead of hitting warm flesh, it's like hitting a brick wall. I attempt to jab him in the eyes, but he's so much taller than me, I don't think I'm anywhere close.

"Nice try." Going for the element of surprise, I make a fist and go for his face, but it isn't there. I get air. My muscles are starting to fail me, and lack of oxygen is seriously hampering my ability to think clearly. Black spots swim in front of my eyes. I can't even get enough air to scream. The last hope is my cell phone, but it fell out of my hand when he grabbed me. In other words, I'm screwed.

"Ivan." A voice echoes out of the mausoleum. "Stop." Yes, Ivan, please stop. I make out something moving in front of me, but I can't focus on it. My legs and arms thrash some more. I am not going down without trying. I am not dying in this goddamn place.

"Changed your mind?"

"Let her go." I want to reach out to the second voice. It's calmer than the one choking the life out of me. I try to form the word please, but I don't have enough air. The world goes black for a moment, or maybe it's an hour.

"Why would I do that? Don't you want her?"

"Yes." I hear the words, but they have lost meaning.

"Then have her." With that, I'm released. Of course I fall to the ground coughing and sputtering like an old car engine. A wheezy sound accompanies my attempt at breathing. I'd love to make my escape, but it's all I can do to get air back into my body. I'll try for the escaping in a second.

"Not tonight."

"Then I will." A shadow covers me. I should have gone for that escape. A few drops of rain fall on me. It's really the least of my worries, but I kinda hate getting wet.

"Please," I say. I sound like a lifetime smoker. I cough again, looking up. There are two faces above me. I search for any kind of sympathy. I don't understand why they're hurting me and what they're talking about. All I know, and I feel it with every cell of my body, is that if I don't do something, they're going to kill me. It's one of those feelings, like when you leave the house and you think as you get in the car that you should have brought your raincoat, and then it downpours a few minutes later, only multiplied so much it crawls across my skin like fire ants.

"You have ten seconds to make a decision." I assume that's the guy who strangled me. The moonlight bleaches his hair to white. Frantic, I reach out with my eyes, trying to pluck a string of humanity in one of them. The other one has dark shaggy hair that hangs in dirty strands in front of his eyes that almost glow in the weak light. He's not as strong-looking as the other. I might have been able to take him. His eyes reach into mine. He doesn't even blink, and I can't look away, even when I try. He snags me with his eyes, and doesn't let me go for several seconds. I hope it's enough.

"Time's up." Icy hands wrench my head back, and I finally black out.

***

Every year on the same day I came. To end my existence, the way it should have been. My box was here in the mausoleum, empty. They never found my body because there wasn't one to find. I traced the letters of my name with one of my fingers, over and over. The death I wished for, would have had, if it were not for her. She didn't ask my permission, but I would have given it. I didn't want to die. I would have done anything to stop myself from facing that, even if it meant this, but I could not have imagined what eternity would mean. I was still learning. I also did not know what promises meant. How they could bind and break you.

I talked to them, allowed myself to think of them on this one day a year. I wanted to believe in ghosts, to see their pearly forms drifting around me, enveloping me. Whispering the things they'd forgotten to tell me. I miss you. Don't forget me.

Don't worry, I didn't forget you. I couldn't.

I wanted to be alone, but it was not to be. Ivan found me. He always did. Those first few years it was both of them, but I had failed so many times, she no longer thought of it as a threat. If I hadn't done it by now, it could not be done. As usual, he mocked me. He hadn't tired of that, even after so many years.

There was something new, this time. The girl. We both sensed her at the same time. Young, fresh. A pounding heart that crashed through the night like a drum and made it hard to think for a moment. I had not fed in weeks in preparation for this night. Ivan wanted her, that much I knew.

He grabbed her.

She struggled; I didn't want to watch. The only end I wanted tonight was mine. He played with her, and I couldn't stand it any longer. I used to be the same, but it had been many years since I had toyed like that, which did not mean I did not like a hunt. I did, but not on this night.

He threw her down on the ground. Her face turned up, bathed in the moonlight.

She stared at me and didn't look away. I was not used to being looked at. Seeing her made me remember bits and pieces of my life. Flashes. Bits of torn up pictures.

A laugh.

A walk on the beach. Holding my father's hand as we crossed the street, making sure I don't get hit by a carriage.

An ice cream, melting over my fingers and my chin and making my skin sticky. Our dog, Butterscotch with her missing ear and crooked tail. My mother putting on her pearl earrings.

The rain started. I always loved the smell of the rain and even more now. The scent of something new, of the washing away of sins. Baptism. I was baptized, a long time ago. Some days it felt like thousands of years, but it had not been that long.

I held her eyes without meaning to.

That surprised me. Nothing much surprised me and I got a thrill from it. I wanted her, but not tonight. Ivan moved to take her and she fainted. The movement of her eyelids shutting startled me. I didn't want him to have her, but he would not let her go. So I had to take her.

Four

When I wake up, I'm strapped into the front seat of my car.

What the hell? It takes a moment for my head to catch up with the situation. First is the bodily inventory. Everything still attached, check. No bleeding wounds, check. Feeling like I got hit by a truck, double check.

I turn on the interior light to make absolutely sure, and catch a glimpse of my awesome neck. It's definitely a little red, and the marks looked a little like hickeys. I've seen enough of them on my best friend Tex to know what they look like. She was going to die when she saw these. She'd think that I'd been getting hot and heavy with some guy. Yeah, like that was going to happen. What had actually happened was more likely.

For some reason, I'm amazingly calm. Thoughts run through my head, but they're like water, flowing in a river. Is this shock? My distant thoughts remind me that it would probably be best if I got the hell out of here. Someone put my key in the ignition. The radio blares on, scaring the daylights out of me. I can't take much more of this. I'm cracked already and if anything more happens, I'm going to shatter. I bite my lip hard not to cry. No, I will not cry any more tonight. My goal is to get home. Just get home. Everything will be fine when I get home. I repeat it while I get my finicky car back in gear and on the road.

It's a good thing I'm in a rural area and it's the middle of the night. My shaky hands are having a difficult time steering and all I can really do is hold on and hope there aren't any deer out wandering. The heater does little to thaw my shivers, which even a raging fire can't cure. Why is it so hard to breathe?

Shut up and just get home.

Don't think about them. Don't think about the fact that one of them carried you to the car.

Don't. Think.

***

Ivan went for her, but I stopped him. Told him I did want her. He smiled and threw her limp body at me. It was all I could do not to sink my teeth into her neck. The fact that her eyes were closed stopped me, and a voice that sounded like my mother's. She reminded me of her.

My mother had dark hair, like this girl, and milky skin. She was originally from Japan, but her parents emigrated to New York when she was three. This girl was pure American, but something about her face reminded me of my mother. Something...

Ivan left, in search of other prey, leaving me with her.

I had no qualms about killing. I hadn't for years, but this night did it to me. I thought of it as my one human night a year when I didn't have to be a killer.

I carried her back to her car and put her in the driver's seat, snapping the seatbelt so she wouldn't fall when she woke up. Her eyes were still closed, but her breathing was steady. I took one last look and went back to the woods. No one was going to die tonight. Not me, not her.

***

The sky is fading from deep blue to gray when I creep through the front door, almost knocking over a vase of flowers on the table by the door. Yellow roses. Dad bought them for her a few days ago. In fact, he'd been buying her more flowers than usual. Now I know why. Quickly, I go around the house and make sure all the other entrances are locked. No one locks their doors in Maine, unless you live in the ghetto of Lewiston, or something.

My heart still beats as if there's a murderer chasing me, which is pretty close to the truth.

Down the hall I go, after slipping off my shoes. For the millionth time, I wish we had carpeting. Wood floors have a tendency to make noise when you're trying not to. There's a break in Dad's snoring; he must have rolled over. I stop moving, terrified any sound I make will wake him. I stand there, holding my breath. I'm still shaking, my hands jumping around. Dad's snoring resumes and I tiptoe upstairs.

Once I'm in my room, I close the door and finally feel like I can breathe. Just seeing all my things the way I left them before the night collapsed into a nightmare makes me feel a little better.

None of my furniture matches. Sometimes I wished I was one of those girls who had a matching bedroom set with a white painted bed, nightstand, dresser and desk. Instead, I have a iron daybed, a yellow dresser that has remnants from stickers I've tried to peel away when I grew out of my sticker phase. The night stand was a hand-me-down from my grandmother, dark polished wood that has seen better days. My desk once belonged to my mother. She'd gotten herself through college with it, crammed it in a crappy apartment with three roommates. So comforting, but there is only so much familiar furniture can do.

In one night I'd found out my mother was going to die, come across two strange guys in a mausoleum, one of whom had tried to kill me and the other who watched. My first instinct, drummed into me by my parents and kindergarten teachers, is to call the police. That's the logical thing to do, but my cell phone is gone. Just the cherry on top of a big crappy night sundae. It's possibly the crappiest night ever.

Don't. Think.

I should call 911. Give the location and then hang up before they could track me down. In the good old days, I could just use a payphone that couldn't be traced, but now I was out of luck. Too bad I didn't have one of those crappy disposable phones like a drug dealer. I've watched enough Law and Order marathons to know that nearly every phone is traceable. Then the police would find me and there would be questions and what would I say? Not to mention I'd have to tell my parents. What would that do to them? My mother is in a fragile state. No, I can't call the police.

I run through my other options, none of them very good. I watch the light get brighter as my prospects get dimmer and more desperate. I can't tell anyone. I can't do anything, really, which just sucks.

Finally, I get up and brush my teeth. It's the only thing I can think to do. I look up at my face, and all I can see are my green eyes, huge in my face, framed by dark circles and thin lashes. My jeans have dirt on them, and my shirt stinks of sweat. I strip down, and try not to let what happened at Bolero, and the cemetery, consume me. I'd already had a good cry about it. There was no use for another episode.

I shower for a long time, using water so hot it scalds my skin, and makes me look like a cooked lobster. I use the loofa Tex got me last Christmas to scrub myself raw. As the hot water courses down my face and I try to scrub the horrible night away, tears start to leak from my eyes. Damn them. Most of the time I'm able to put a stopper in my tear ducts, to swallow them, keep them bottled up. There's something about the vulnerability of being naked, the water running down my face and the fact that the shower muffles any sound I might make.

I stop as soon as I'm able, clenching my muscles so they won't shake and seize. I wipe my eyes over and over again. As soon as I'm under control, I shut the water off. Before I slide myself under my sheets, I grab a bag of peas from the freezer downstairs. Maybe I can stop the redness on my neck from getting worse.

A few hours later, I come downstairs at a normal Saturday time, which means I've been stuck in my room for hours. I spent the time with my iPod earbuds jammed in my ears, volume turned up so it hurt my eardrums, re-folding my tshirts, dusting, arranging my books, feeding my goldfish, Tristan and Isolde, and even starting an outline for my essay on the symbolism of light and darkness in Wuthering Heights. All of which haven't done anything to stop me reliving every awful moment. I make sure to check my neck before I got downstairs. It's a little red, but not too noticeable. I throw on a hoodie to cover it up, just in case.

"What's new pu**ycat?" My mother says as I emerge into the sunlight of the kitchen. This morning the cheery yellow colors burn my eyes as she grabs me and starts crooning in a horrible Tom Jones impression.

"Ugh, it's too early." I pretend that I've just woken up. In reality, I'm so beyond tired it's like I'm only functioning with half my brain. The other part is either sleeping or abandoned me after last night. My stomach rolls once, remembering.

"Did you shower? Your hair's wet." Me and my stupid thick hair that takes hours to dry. I'd gotten that from my mother. Her own hair had fallen out slowly, and she'd clung to every strand until it was gone, screaming and banging her fists against the mirror. She thought I couldn't hear her, but I could. My mother wasn't one of those women who shaved their heads without fear.

She's got her everyday wig on, which almost matches her real color.

"Yeah, I forgot to last night." Can we please talk about something else?

"You want some pancakes, ma fleur?" Normally I would have smiled at the nickname, at her pride in her French Canadian heritage. She also has a thing for nicknames, and aprons. She's wearing the one that makes her look like she stepped out of a 1950s commercial about white bread. All starched white and frills without a spot on it, which defeats the purpose of an apron.

"Sure." I'm not going to eat them, but I could push them around my plate and hope she doesn't notice. "Where's Dad?" It takes more effort than normal to haul myself onto one of the stools at the bar. She just keeps humming Tom Jones tune as she flips enough pancakes to feed several small African countries. Ever since Dad bought her that griddle pan that makes eight at once, she's been pancake crazy.

"He's been very mysterious. He got up really early and was banging around doing something. I have no idea." She smiles to herself, sliding another pancake onto a plate already towering with them. The kitchen reeks of cinnamon. It makes my already unsettled stomach curl up. I wonder if she's going to bring up the dinner. I hope she doesn't. I seriously want to pretend it never happened.

As she cooks, I notice how the apron hangs on her, like a coat on a rack. It makes me want to hug her and hold her.

"Here you go," she says, plunking a plate with five giant apple and cinnamon pancakes in front of me. They're made in the shape of Mickey Mouse, with the large round head and the two round ears on each side.

"Thanks." I know she isn't going to eat with me. She doesn't eat much anymore, because she's too sick from the drugs. Dr. Chase also had her on this diet that means she can't have much of anything that she used to love. No cake or pie or butter. All the good things, she says.

"You look tired, baby." She's got her chin in her hands, elbows on the table so her face is level with mine. Her forehead does that wrinkle-worried thing. I hate it when she looks like that.

"It was kind of a big night." The ball's in her court. She can deflect if she wants.

"I know." I think she's going to hug me, but she just wraps her hands around her coffee cup. Not quite a deflection. I decide to take the plunge.

"How long have you known?"

"A few weeks." She takes a calm sip of coffee.

"A few weeks!" I stab a mouse ear with my fork.

"We weren't absolutely sure, so we waited until all the test results were in. You were so busy with school and work and everything, we wanted to wait to tell you." The excuses fall from her lips like rain.

"So you've known for weeks that this was going to happen and you didn't tell me?" I keep repeating it, hoping she'll deny it.

"I didn't want to disrupt your life. I wanted things to be as normal as they could be." Something hits me in the gut. I want to roll up in a ball and hold onto myself so I don't fly apart in a million pieces. She won't look at me and I know why.

"You weren't going to tell me, were you?"

"It was your father's idea to tell you." She glances down at her wedding band.

"You weren't going to tell me." I push my plate away. I'm not going to pretend anymore.

"What difference would it make, knowing?" Her gaze rises to meet mine.

"It makes all the difference." How could she not know that?

She shrugs. "I'm still going to die. I don't want to go with the memory of you being worried all the time, and thinking of it. I want to remember you happy and free." Her hands flutter around her coffee cup.

"So lying to me seemed the way to go." I feel like a horrible bitch for talking to her this way, but I can't help it.

"I didn't think-" She's interrupted by Dad's car in the driveway. She looks up, a smile stretching her face. One hand goes to make sure her wig is secure.

"Surprise!" He comes in, brandishing a bouquet of tulips in yellow and red. Her favorite. They're still damp with water the supermarket sprayed on them to keep them fresh. He also pulls out a box of chocolate caramels. I wanted to slap him in the face, because she'll never be able to eat them. They'll make her sick. He should know that.

"Oh, Sam, they're beautiful." She melts and hugs him, the flowers getting water in her hair.

"You're welcome, Taylor." She smiles and ducks her head into his chest at the nickname. Taylor is her maiden name. I feel like the oldest person in the room. She leans into him, her body folding like a piece of paper.

He looks exactly like you would think a loan officer should look. Tall and pressed and straight and dry. I inherited his bony limbs, and looking at his face is like looking at my own, except his features are softened by my mom's in my face. Thank God.

I try to slip away, but Dad catches me. I find him looking at me over her shoulder. There's something hard in his face, something I've seen only a few times when he lets his guard down. He puts it away as quickly as he can, and I look away as if I haven't seen it.

"Where are you going?" She turns in his arms, her eyes searching for me.

"Just out for a drive." It's not that uncommon a thing for me to do. She puts the tulips on the counter and smooths her apron with both hands.

"You didn't eat your pancakes." We all look at the full plate. The feeling that all the air is being sucked out of the room intensifies. I gotta get out of here.

"I'm not hungry," I say, even though her face falls. "I'll have them when I get back, okay?" I flash a quick smile and go to grab my shoes and keys.

"I'll put them in the fridge for you." Dad rests his chin on the top of her head and puts both hands around her tiny waist. She gazes down at the tulips, fingering one of the delicate petals. So perfect.

At one time, they'd been so valuable they'd caused a mania in Holland so intense people were trading houses for one bulb. She'd told me all about it, and I'd even done a history project on it once. Actually, she did most of the research. I got the best grade I've ever gotten in my life on that paper. My teacher had read bits of it out loud to my class, much to my humiliation.

Her tulips hadn't bloomed yet, but they would soon. She had so many that our yard would be covered in their bulbous flowers, rising with the sun and drooping at the end of the day, their blooms lasting for such a fleeting time. That's what makes them so special, she says. They are only around for a short time, so you have to cherish them. To value them.

I crank my car into action, trying to decide where to go. A few minutes of my car idling and lip chewing decide it for me.

I try to prepare myself mentally for what I might find. I've swiped my mother's cell phone, just in case. I also have a Swiss Army knife in my glovebox as part of an emergency kit. I pull it out, just in case. The fact that I think that I'm going into a situation where I might need a knife should give me an indication that this is not a good idea.

My feeble wipers have to work overtime to try and cut through the fog that clings to everything and blocks out the sun. My jeans stick to my skin, bogged down with moisture, and my hair's curling more than usual. I have to keep brushing wispies out of my face. The fog is appropriate for what I'm about to do. I pause for a second when I get out of the car, considering. I grab the knife, weighing it in my hand. That and the cell phone are my only protection.

It seems like it takes hours to find the mausoleum. I have to look a little to find the right one. Things look so different in the daylight, such as it is. I keep tripping over dips and rises in the ground. A squirrel scares the daylights out of me when it leaps out of a tree onto the ground right in front of me. It takes a few seconds to get my heart to stop freaking out. All signs point to home. Do not go to the cemetery, do not collect $200, but I keep walking toward the mausoleums.

Finally, I find the right one with the broken angels outside. One of them is missing an arm, the other a wing They look sinister in the fog.

Five

I have a moment of rational thought, but I quickly shove it away and stalk forward, knife at the ready. It's really just for show, because I don't posses any knife-wielding skills.

My chest gets all tight again and my throat threatens to close up, like it's preparing to be assaulted again.

Calm down, Ava.

Of course, there's no one there. Making sure, I glance all around, even peering into the darkness of the mausoleum, stale air reaching for me. The fact that it's still open tells me that I didn't hallucinate what happened. I mean, my imagination is active, but not that active.

I'm totally alone. Nothing, no evidence anyone has been here. No backpack, soda cans, sleeping bags, spray paint. Nada. No cell phone either, which sucks. All I see are urns on shelves with plaques beneath them, covered in dust and I-don't-know-want-to-know what. Just to be absolutely sure, I search the tangled grass. It shows no signs I'd been lying on it last night.

Suddenly exhausted, I collapse next to a stone with the name George Barber, 1873-1927, Beloved Husband and Father. I hope he doesn't mind. My skull bangs against the stone as I lean back.

"You came back." The voice makes me freeze. I guess I'm not alone. I recognize the voice as the one who didn't strangle me, so I might not be completely screwed. I still have the knife held tightly in my fist. The problem is that I'm sitting he's standing, thus the advantage is in his favor. My back is also toward him, with George's headstone between us.

"I can come here if I want. It's a public place." The words jump out of my mouth. Of course, the first thing I say isn't a question like, what he's doing here, or what the hell that was about last night, or if he was the one who put me in my car. I suck at saying the right things. I need to write them down.

"If you had wanted me dead, it would have happened already." I read this in a book once, or saw it in a movie. It pops into my head and I say it. It sounds good. Fear slides down my back, covering me like a suffocating blanket.

"True enough." He's still behind me. I don't like it so I turn so I can at least see him. I don't want him to know that I'm shocked. Stay cool, like that song from West Side Story, only I won't be singing and dancing and snapping. My skin crawls with the need to go home, get away, but I'm not going to let him see it.

"You're still here." I go for casual. I turn my head just enough so I can see him. Always watch your back.

"Yes." He's just as dirty as he'd been the night before, but the clothes are different. He's also bonier than I remember, like he's starving. Maybe he's got Manorexia. His clothes are full of holes and there are leaves in his hair, like he spent the night in the woods. He stands with his hands at his sides, hair covering his eyes. I wonder how he can see.

"What do you want?" Something about him crawls under my skin and makes me say snappy things I normally wouldn't to a stranger. The breeze blows that strange scent my way. It weirds me out, because he should seriously stink, given how dirty he is. Instead, I smell something crisp and fresh. I catch a glimpse of one his eyes. I think it's green, but I can't be sure.

More silence. I don't know what to do, how to extricate myself from this situation. My feet beg me to run, but I stay where I am.

He still hasn't moved. Not a twitch, no knuckle cracking or shuffling feet. He's barely breathed, as far as I can tell. I finally look up at him, squinting. I have the insane urge to stand up and brush his hair out of his eyes. Instead, I fiddle with my own stray strands.

"You were nearly killed last night, and yet you came back," he says, not answering my question. He speaks with the same casual almost-monotone. His voice sounds like an echo through something hollow. "Reckless."

"I guess." I really want to leave, but I don't want to give him the satisfaction of seeing me run. Maybe I am reckless. He wasn't the one who'd tried to kill me. In fact, he might have been the one who saved me from whatever it was the other guy wanted to do with me.

"What were you doing here last night?" I turn my whole body to face him. Fear slides over me like the fog. I have to put one of my hands on the ground for something to hold onto.

"Trying to kill myself," he says in that same tone. I bite back a shocked sound I was going to make.

"What? Why?"

"I did not want to exist anymore, but I failed." I remember the other guy saying something about him failing. I don't know what he meant. How messed up is that? Mocking someone for not being able to commit suicide? Not very nice.

"You didn't want to exist?" He pauses before he answers, as if he's choosing his words carefully. As if we're playing Scrabble and he's trying to get the most points.

"No." The wind moves his hair out of his eyes for a second, but not long enough for me to see what color they are. I remember that moment we had, last night. It freaked me the hell out, even with everything else going on. I do not want a repeat, so I keep my eyes to myself.

"What happened? Who was that other guy?"

"My brother." He only answers the second question. I swallow before I ask the next question.

"Did you save me?" I don't ask from what. I really don't want to know. The whole thing was bad enough.

"More or less." He turns his head to the woods, as if he hears someone calling his name.

"I shall leave you now." Seriously? I look where he's trying to see something through the murk. I'm fine with that.

"Okay." I don't know what else to say, but when I look up he's gone. I don't even hear his footsteps rustling in the leaves.

***

I stayed in the cemetery. I had no other place to go, so I let a day pass as I sat in the mausoleum with what was left of my family. My human family. I watched the clouds gather and the fog roll over the ground like a blanket that covered everything, making it look unfamiliar. There were a few new graves, but most were the same as last year. Monuments to lives that had come and gone, like dust blowing in the wind, with only a piece of granite to mark their passing.

I thought about the girl. Her face flickered in my mind like the flames of a fire. After Ivan left me with her, I bent down to feed, but she made a sound. No words, just a sound. A little cry of pain. I pulled back and studied her for a moment. She couldn't have been more than seventeen. I looked back at the mausoleum, searching for answers. I had come here many times, over the years. Begging for their ghosts to haunt me, to save me from the endless road of my existence.

I heard my mother's voice, telling me that the right thing to do was often the most difficult. I couldn't remember when or why she had told me that, but the words whispered through my thoughts. So I picked her up and carried her to her car. Brushed her hair back once as I set her inside. If I remembered how to sigh, I would have. I hoped never to see her again. This record of my flickle humanity. If it would have been any other night... she would have been pale with the glow of death. Instead, she got lucky, but I didn't believe in luck.

***

"I can't believe you lost your phone." Tex shakes her head at me, eyes narrow behind her purple-framed glasses. Her full name is Texas Sarsaparilla Anne Hamilton, but no one is really allowed to know that under penalty of death or dismemberment. She can't wait until she's eighteen to change it. She still hasn't decided on what she's going to change it to.

"I don't know what I did with it. Must have fallen out of my pocket."

"No wonder you didn't text me back, you whore." I bump her with my shoulder, hoping I'm forgiven. Tex and I have been friends since first grade.

We'd had a teacher that believed little girls wanted bathroom breaks so they could get into shenanigans. I'd raised my hand and begged her to let me go, but it was too late. While all the other kids laughed and said how gross it was and I died a little inside, Tex volunteered to take me to the bathroom. I was in tears, but she told me a funny story about a puppy and had me laughing when my mom came to bring me a change of clothes. We've been bonded ever since.

"Listen, if you want me to come with you to help pick out your phone, I can call and get off work." She puts her hands together in a pleading motion and gives me her best doe eyes. Tex hates her job and will do anything to get out of going to work.

"No, it's fine. I think I can do it without you." She rolls her brown eyes.

"That's such a load of crap. If you didn't have me, you'd be lost." I raise my eyebrows.

"I think it's the other way around, Tex."

"Fine, fine." She cracks her knuckles, making me wince. Her skirt is longer than usual today which means it almost reaches her kneecaps. Tex's goal in life is to be hot librarian so she wears a lot of skirts with button-down shirts tucked into them. It's a style I can't pull off if I tried.

"Hey, can you do me a favor?"

"Depends on what it is. As long as I don't have to put a body in my trunk or hide a bunch of cocaine, you know I'm in." God, I love her.

"I need you to go over my history paper." I make a similar-looking plea face.

"I don't know, that seems like a lot." She pretends to look worried and chews on her fingernails.

"You're such a liar, you know you love it." Tex sighs.

"What's it about?"

"Spanish Influenza."

"June 1918 to December 1920," she rattles off as she watches Justin Strang swagger down the hall.

"Yeah, right. So, will you do it?" I snap my fingers to get her attention. She's still making sexy eyes at Justin and twisting her blonde hair around one finger. She always does that when she's seriously flirting.

"You know I will." She finally looks at me. History is like crack to Tex. For some reason she has this freakish ability to remember dates and for someone who doesn't like fiction books much, she collects historical fiction, biographies and non-fiction like she's stockpiling them in case of a nuclear disaster. Sometimes we play a game where I'll ask her about an event and time how long it takes her to come up with what year it happened. She beats Google eight out of ten times.

"I'll drop it off in your locker later."

"And I'll drop off my Jane Austen essay for you to look over." She holds out her hand.

"Done," I say as we shake.

"One of these days we're going to have to swap brain cells," I say as the bell rings. Despite our best efforts, Tex and I don't have any classes together, so I don't get as much time with her as I want. We spent a lot of time texting when teachers aren't looking.

"You just tell me where and when and make sure they give me good drugs and a killer wig and you're on." The crazy thing is that if I asked her for brain cells, or anything, she'd give it to me, no questions asked.

She flips her blonde ponytail at me as she struts down the hall. Tex never just walked. "Call me later and tell me what you get, and don't forget to add unlimited texting so you don't get stuck next time."

"I won't." I wave and she's off, pleated skirt swirling so that I can almost see her underwear. I want to tell her about what happened, but the words dry up in my throat before I can. She knows my mother is sick, but she never really asks about it. I've been able to put her off enough times.

Tex believes that secrets are like poison that slowly kills you unless you slash your skin and suck it out, like a snakebite. Now I have not one, but two pretty huge secrets I'm keeping from her. Two snakebites.

I have geometry first and English in the afternoon, which is kind of like eating a cyanide salad and having red velvet cake after. I walk as slowly as I can, prolonging the moment when I have to walk into class and remember that I'm missing most of my math-type brain cells. I've been pulling a B-average, which is pretty much a miracle. I'm slinging my heavier than death bag over my shoulder when I feel someone behind me.

"Hey, short stuff." Jamie taps me on the shoulder, and I swat his hand away. I throw my chin in the air and start walking, pretending I want to get away from him.

"I'm not going to respond to you if you're going to degrade me like that."

"Come on," he says, catching up with me. I slow down and we walk side-by-side. People kind of stare at us as we walk by. We do make an odd pair. Short, average me and Jamie Barton. Tall, blond, athletic, captain of every team Harper High had to offer. Enough said.

"You know, James, you'd get a lot further with the ladies if you didn't insist on insulting them."

"But you're the only one who's insulted when I call you that. Everyone else thinks I'm a hottie." Taylor Abbot gives him the once over as she walks by, testing out the model walk she learned a few months ago when she'd been in a mall runway show. She hasn't shut up about it since.

"That's because they're blinded to your faults."

"And you're not?" He looks at me, raising his eyebrows. It makes him look adorable. What Taylor doesn't know was that he hated his ears and thought they stuck out She doesn't know that he has nightmares and still has to sleep with a nightlight, but I know.

"I know too much. It's why we're friends."

Where once I'd been saved by Tex, I had been the one doing the saving with Jamie. Once upon a time, he'd been scrawny and really into comic books and had bad skin. We'd been forced to sit next to one another in most of our classes by sheer dumb luck, and he was always drawing funny cartoons of the teachers on his notebook and showing them to me. We bonded in detention.

Since then, he discovered the dermatologist, grown over a foot, and started playing sports. I knew most girls think he's a hot piece of man meat, but he'll always be that scrawny boy who made me laugh.

"So what's this I hear about you losing your phone?"

"Did Tex tell you?" One of the downsides of having Tex as a friend is that she tends to share things unless you specifically tell her not to. Otherwise, she's like one of those boat horns.

"Yeah. I was wondering why I hadn't heard from you." Apparently, if I'm not in touch for more than a few hours, I'm presumed dead.

"Sorry. I didn't really notice it was missing until yesterday. I'm getting a new one." We stop outside of my class. Most everyone else is there and Mr. Galakis is already putting notes on the whiteboard. Oh, joy.

"Listen, I have practice tonight, but call me later and tell me about it." He gives me his winning smile. Braces had also helped him in his transformation from Peter Parker to Spiderman.

"Will do, captain." I give him a little salute. He smiles and jogs toward the gym.

Before Jamie had gotten all attractive, people thought I was some sort of saint for being friends with him. Now they can't understand why he's friends with me. Why he skips out early on the team dinner if he's promised to take me to a movie. Why I'm one of the first people he wants to see when he wins a game or a meet. I can't explain it; we've been friends and we'll continue to be friends. Even if he gloes off to business school and becomes a CEO of a huge company, or a famous artist. He'll be good at whatever he does.

The morning crawls by, without the distraction of hilarious texts from Tex or Jamie. Even the riveting project of drawing molecules in chemistry can't distract me from the thoughts I try to shove away. I've had a lot of practice splitting my brain into two parts, one that continues to function in the real world, and the other part that obsesses about my issues, so I'm able to make my way through the morning without anyone the wiser.

Lunch is the hardest because I have to smile and laugh and pretend that I want to eat and make small talk. Pretend I still care about who's having a party this weekend or what that player from Madison did, and who do they think they are, and the ref was totally biased. I. Don't. Care. My bitter thoughts make me feel like a total bitch, so I just keep my mouth shut. Is this what it's going to be like?

Finally, I can't take it anymore. I forge my mother's signature saying I have a dentist appointment and skip out on my last class, which is gym and pointless anyway. I have nothing better to do, so I go to the tiny electronics store downtown to get a phone.

"Can I help you?" The guy behind the cell phone counter looks like the typical techie, as if he knows more about gigabytes and motherboards than football or getting wasted. Still, he seems nice enough, but you never know.

"Yeah, I need a new phone. I can't seem to find my other one." I play the ditz. He starts going on about apps and towers and using a bunch of acronyms that he probably thinks sound impressive. I quickly settle on the phone with the rebate, which is essentially free while he goes on and on. "Dave," I read on his nametag, is crestfallen at my simple choice, that I haven't been convinced by his spiel. Poor guy.

"Now do you want to keep the same number?" he says as he's setting up my account.

"Uh, no. I don't want some wacko picking it up and making calls on it." Cough, cough.

"Well, we'll keep it active for the next thirty days, since you've paid your bill. If you end up finding it, just let us know and we can disable it." I remember to add unlimited texts to my plan and leave. It's still too early to go home, so I head to Dunkin' Donuts and grab an iced cappuccino and a croissant to give me a little jolt. The sleepless nights are catching up with me. I wolf down the croissant and call Tex.

"Can you hear me now? I'm talking to you on my new phone."

"Did you get the one with the touch screen?" Her voice is muffled, as if she's holding the phone with her shoulder while she's doing something else.

"No, I got the free one." She sighs. I can hear her eyes rolling.

"You are so lame."

"You weren't the one who had to pay for it." I shiver from the iced cappuccino. I should have gotten something hot.

"True." There's a crash and she swears. "I hate my job, I hate my job, I hate my job," she whispers. She especially hates it when I'm not there. She'd wheedled her parents into hiring me for a few after school shifts at their bookstore. I get to keep my job as long as we don't goof off, which we do, but not when they're watching.

"Hey, how's your mom doing?" Oh, we are going to the land of I-don't-want-to-talk-about-it. Words choke me as they try to come up, as I try to think of something that doesn't sound like total crap. I could chuck the phone and run over it with my car, but I just bought it, so that's not going to work.

"She's good. Well, I'll let you get back to that. I gotta go home, but I wanted to give you the maiden call." Another crash. More cursing. Thank God for Tex being pissed and distracted. My mother is going to die.

"I'm touched. Listen, I have to get back to work, Toby is giving me the evil eye." Toby is the weird guy with a unibrow that works part time at the bookstore and has an inflated sense of his own importance. He takes his job extremely seriously.

"Ohhh, sexy. Better get back to work." I fiddle around in my backseat for a sweatshirt.

"What are my parents going to do, fire me? You're so lucky your parents don't have a business." Her voice is muffled as I pull the sweatshirt over my head. I finally get my head through the opening and pull it the rest of the way down.

"True. Hey, I'll see you tomorrow."

"Bye."

I drive around for an hour before I have to go home. It takes a lot of energy to pretend you're fine when you're not. A bit like being in a play that never ends. I get an intermission, but I always have to go back on stage.

***

My house is filled with the smell of homemade macaroni and cheese when I walk in the door. My mother thinks macaroni and cheese from a box is some sort of sacrilege. I've only ever eaten it at other people's houses.

"Hey, baby. How was school?" The soft sound of James Taylor greets me from the kitchen stereo.

"Fine." I drop my bag at the door, shuck off my shoes and try to make my voice sound as bright as I can. I'm not mentioning that I skipped class. I'm not mentioning the phone. So many secrets.

"Oh come on, it has to have been better than fine." She's dolled up for something, her sassy reddish-brown wig done up with pins that have little pearls on them and she's wearing a cocktail dress that looked better on her when she'd had something to fill it out.

I grab a cucumber from the salad she's making, but she slaps my hand when I go for another.

"Hands off. What did you learn?"

"That the periodic table is really stupid and that parabola is a really cool word." We do this routine every day. I give a sarcastic answer most days.

She bends over to put the casserole dish in the oven to crisp the top. She's crumbled Ritz crackers on it, just how I love it. The knobs of her spine are like a row of giant pearl buttons down her back.

"What did you do today?" I say to distract myself from spewing my secrets. She has this way of looking at me that makes me squirm and want to tell her anything and everything. I'm pretty sure she uses it on five-year-olds who've told lies about pinching each other. It's very effective.

She's been a kindergarten teacher for twenty years, but she had to quit when she'd gotten sick. It was strange seeing her without glue and crayon marks on her skirt, a happy and tired smile on her face and a story about how she'd quelled three tantrums and taught the letter S.

"Your father took me to the beach. It was freezing, but we went for a walk in the water and I found the prettiest piece of seaglass. Look." She holds it out to me. It's a large bluish-green. I run my fingers over the smooth edges. It's very old.

"It's lovely."

"Your father had to go in to work for the afternoon, so it's just us tonight."

"What's with the outfit?"

"I just felt like dressing up. All women like to look pretty." She's even put on mascara. It makes her green eyes look huge. Looking at her is starting to make my throat hurt, and I feel the panic building. My secrets are threatening to explode.

"I'm going to take a shower."

"Okay, sweetheart." She puts a kiss on my cheek, leaving a tiny bit of lipstick. I get a whiff of her perfume. It smells like home.

I listen for a moment as she hums along with one of the songs before I go up the stairs. Her voice is sweet and soft. The voice I've heard a hundred thousand times, but in less than a year, won't hear anymore, except in memories or on home movies.

Six

"Hello? Ava? Are you dreaming about making sweet love to Colin Firth in the Mr. Darcy outfit again?" Tex snaps her fingers in front of my face.

"What?" I'd phased out.

"Ha, I knew that would get your attention." Tex and I are doing inventory after hours at the bookstore, her punishment for coming home late from a party the week before. I'd declined going, and she told me all I'd missed was a bunch of people getting wasted and passing out and getting her boob grabbed by some guy she'd never met. She'd only had one beer, but her parents acted like she'd done a keg stand naked and posted the pictures online. I volunteered to stay late with her to avoid going home.

"Just thinking about stuff." I'd picked up my phone last night a hundred times to call her and talk. To tell her about my mother, or the cemetery incident, but I hadn't. I couldn't seem to find the right words to say, so I hadn't.

"And things?" Creepy cemetery guys are the things to my mother's stuff.

"Pretty much."

"You've been doing that a lot lately." There are so many things I want to tell her. To have her listen and hug me and tell me it was going to be okay. To speculate about who the guys were and come up with more and more ridiculous personas until we laugh so hard we have to sit down.

"I know that face. That's the Ava's-thinking-about-something-serious face."

"Just everything. Prom." The truth is I'm not a prom kind of girl, and Tex knew that.

"Try again. Is something up with your mom?" she says, crossing her arms. I don't fool her for a second. She's hit part of the answer, but I'm not giving in. I can't do this now.

"I'm sorry Tex. It's just stuff. Okay?" I hate snapping at her.

"You know you can tell me anything, right? And that I'm there for you? No matter what, and even if you killed someone I'd defend your innocence until my dying day?" She puts her hand on her heart to show me how serious she is.

"I know." I've come to think of my two secrets as Thing One and Thing Two. Kind of like in Dr. Seuss. They're annoying and they jump up and down and beg to be let out. To be told. I lock them away, but they rattle the bars of their cages. I tell them to shut the hell up.

We finish up late and I drive home with the heat turned up. I've been cold ever since that night. Tex blasts some weird German music that makes my ears hurt. Her car had also been taken away for the week, so Jamie and I are taking turns driving her around.

"How can you listen to this stuff? I don't even know what they're saying."

"Are you kidding? These guys are awesome. You don't have to understand the lyrics." She jams her head, and I worry she's going to get whiplash.

"Tex?" I say when we get to her house.

"Yes, my dear?" I open my mouth to spill everything. To let it all out so it doesn't fester and burn inside me anymore, but I can't. The moment passes and I shut my mouth.

"That skirt makes you look fat. I thought you should know. Since I'm your friend." I put my hand on her arm. She throws it off, and punches me.

"You are such a bitch! If anyone's fat, it's you. I mean, can you say thunder thighs?" She slaps my leg.

"Ho." I glare at her.

"Slut." We drop our serious faces and laugh. Those words, supposed to be used as insults are teams of endearment. She gives me one last smile before she's out of the car and up the steps on her porch. She waves before she goes inside and I wave and honk as I pull out.

I turn on the radio, cranking it up. I don't even care what it is. Once again, I've chickened out of telling her.

When my mother was first diagnosed, it took me a whole week to tell Tex and Jamie. I finally did it when we went out to get pizza after one of Jamie's track meets. We were discussing what the most unusual but delicious toppings are for pizza. Tex had just made the case for ranch dressing when I blurted it out. Just like that. They both stared at me, which made me cry. Tex had taken me out to Jamie's truck while Jamie paid and got to-go boxes. We'd ended up sitting in the parking lot while I told them everything. Once I started, I couldn't stop. That's how I am with secrets. Once I start to let it out, all this other stuff comes with it. Sometimes it's stuff I never even thought about, or knew I felt.

After they'd hugged me and we'd had that moment the only thing I could feel was embarrassed. I didn't want to do that again.

***

My mother calls me in the middle of school the next day on my new phone, saying she wants to take me out shopping. I can't refuse, even though it means missing English. Part of me doesn't want to go with her, because I'm too tired to keep on my happy face. On the other hand, she's never called me out of school to go shopping before. It seems extravagant.

"Where are you going?" Tex says when I meet her in the hall after geometry.

"I have a doctor's appointment." The lie comes easily. Some are harder than others.

"Lucky you."

"Oh, yeah." I use my finger to make a gun and pretend to shoot myself in the head. I tell her I'll see her later and shuffle off to the office. I come around the corner and see her waiting. I have to put my shoulders back and put on my happy Ava face.

She's got her everyday wig on, and she keeps putting her hands in it. I hope no one notices. She turns and sees me, her face breaking out into a smile, which makes my heart do this squeezy thing that makes it hard to breathe.

"Hi, ma fleur. Are you surprised?" She gives me a hug, right there in front of everyone passing by, planting a loud kiss on my cheek. I'm only slightly mortified. Her cheeks have too much blush on them, but it's not her fault she's lost so much color in her face that she has to paint it back on.

"Yeah," I say, dying a little inside.

"I feel like a bad mother, but I figured we should have a little girl time, what do you think?" She takes my arm as we walk out together.

"Sure." I smile and she squeezes my arm with fingers bony and frail.

We go all the way to Portland, even though the Brunswick Mall is only a half-hour away. She cranks the radio, and rolls the windows down, even though it's chilly. I wish she'd stop putting her fingers in her wig, but maybe she's remembering what it was like to have her hair blowing in the wind. That makes me sad and I turn to look out the window, not wanting to think about it. Every moment now is tainted with the specter of death looming in the background, his black fingers tugging on the corners of our moments.

She takes me to every clothing store we usually avoid, pressing me to pick up anything that even remotely strikes my fancy, exclaiming about how good it looks on me. She forces me up to the counter, handing her card to the salesperson. I wish she'd believe me if I told her these things don't mean anything to me. The one thing I want neither of us can buy, unless someone's perfected a working time machine, or a way to freeze moments and put them in jars. I'd have a shelf of them in my room.

She hugs me from behind and whispers how beautiful I am into my ear. I lean back into her, even though the closeness overwhelms me. When she buys me a huge cookie and then shares it with me, I'm as gooey as the chocolate chips and almost tell her all about the creepy cemetery guys. Thing One meeting Thing Two. My mouth stays shut.

She's having a harder time the later it gets. Her steps slow and aren't as bouncy. I can tell she's tired.

"I don't know about you, but I'm exhausted. Do you mind if we go home?" She leans heavily on me, using my arm as a support. I have a bunch of bags to balance me out on the other side, which probably weigh more than she does.

"Sure, baby." She pulls me in for a hug and I hold on tight. This is the third time she's hugged me today. Is that what I'm going to do now? Count the number of hugs I have left?

I offer to drive back, but she turns me down.

After dropping her keys and purse by the door, she gives me a tired smile and says she's going to rest. Dad's still at work, and the house is quiet. I haul all the things she's bought me up to my room where I have to cram them in corners in my closet. If she's going to be doing this a lot, I'm going to need a bigger bedroom.

I go downstairs and knock on her door. She's out like a light, breathing softly.

My feet don't make a sound on the carpet as I walk into the room. Soft peach light greets me; it's her favorite color. The curtains move as a soft breeze breathes into the room, making it the perfect lazy afternoon. I walk around the bed and look at her face. It's relaxed, peaceful. She mutters a little in her sleep. I take one finger and run it over her head. I twist one of the brown wisps that passes for her hair around my finger. She moves a little and I let go.

Her eyes open and she starts, seeing me standing next to her.

"Is something wrong?" Her eyes are wide with alarm. Mother's instinct, to assume the worst.

"No. I just came in to check on you."

"You don't have to do that. I'm fine." She yawns.

"I know."

The words that I need to say hang between us, invisible as a spider's web until the sun hits it.

"I love you, my Ava-Claire." Her arms reach for me as she props herself up her elbows.

"I know. I love you too." I sit down on the edge of her bed.

"You're going to be okay. You're my strong one. My miracle." Doctors had told her she couldn't get pregnant, but she did. She almost lost me a few months in, but I'd survived.

Without Dad to monitor us, we finally venture into the minefield. I think about changing the subject, but don't.

"I don't think I can do it," I say, my voice trembling. The tears I've been trying so hard to keep deep down in my reservoir bubble up my throat.

"You can. We're never given more than we can carry." I take her hand. I can't look at her.

"It isn't fair." My voice hurts.

"I know, baby." She sits up and pulls me toward her. "I know." Her soft words release something in me and I can feel the tears release. In this soft peach room with her arms around me, it's nearly impossible to push them back, but I have to.

"You and Dad will take care of each other." I don't say anything and I don't let go. "Nothing in this life is ever truly lost." It's a quote from a poem or something. They'd always irritated me, those little proverbs and bits of wisdom. Now I want to collect them, to write them down so I have them with me when she goes. My mother is going to die.

"I would never leave you. If I had the choice. I want you to know that."

"I do." She pulls back and looks at my face. There are tears in her eyes, but they haven't spilled over yet.

"I tried. It just wasn't enough."

"I know." I feel like I'm saying the same things over and over. I hope they matter.

She changes the subject.

"What are you doing this weekend? Anything?" There's always some sort of party, if I wanted to go. Which I don't, unless Tex is going to drag me.

"I don't know. Probably nothing."

"I don't want you not doing things because of me. You're a teenager and I want you to act like it."

I open my mouth to protest, but she puts her hand over it.

"Go out. Have fun. Bring back good stories. Meet a cute guy. Dance. I want you to have a good time." She wiggles her eyebrows at me. If I didn't know better, I'd say my mother was trying to get me laid.

"Okay." She pulls me in for hug number four.

Tex is finally un-grounded, so it's her first chance to get out and go to a party. I'm glad she waits until lunch the next day to accost me, even though everyone is talking about it the minute I walk into school. I hadn't bothered to eavesdrop on the details. I want to talk her out of it, since a party is what had gotten her grounded in the first place, but she's insistent. With my mother's blessing, I have to go, but I make Tex sweat a little.

"Come on, it's going to be fun." She says this every single time, and it's not always true.

"Where is it?" Location, location, location.

"Sam Weston's. His parents are going to New York for their anniversary."

"Don't his parents go away every weekend?" I take a bite of my salad. I'm not hungry, but I don't want to start eating disorder rumors.

"But he doesn't have a party every weekend," she points out.

"Who else is going?" This is also a determining factor. Certain people, like Joe Silar, make for a better party. He always has too much to drink and ends up with a video online that gets thousands of hits. He even has his own YouTube channel for his exploits, entitled "Joez Show." Super classy.

"Uh, everyone who matters," she says, like it's obvious.

"So, pretty much anyone who isn't a total loser." Not that many people have exclusive parties. The more people show up, usually the more alcohol does.

"Come on, please?" She bats her eyelashes at me, like that's going to make a difference.

"I don't know," I say, trying to make my face look indecisive. Deep down, I don't give a crap about it, but my mother wants me to go, for whatever reason. I don't want to disappoint her.

"What don't you know about?" Jamie sidles up to our lunch table and plunks himself down. We rarely see him at lunch; he usually has a meeting or goes out with his sports buddies. He plucks a chip out of Tex's bag and chomps down on it. Jamie eats enough for five people, but he burns it all off doing sports. Loser.

"Sam Weston's. You in?"

"Might as well. Have you recovered from the last time yet, Ave?" I roll my eyes and punch him in the arm. At the last Weston party I'd tripped over the keg, causing it to roll down the hill and into a pond. It had been a few months ago, but I was still known as the girl who killed the keg. It's a wonder they don't bar me from coming to another party.

"I'll stay away from the keg this time." I give him a wink. He returns it.

"Does that mean you're coming?" Tex is practically jumping up and down, flapping her hands like a bird.

"Yeah, I'm in." She squeals and hugs me. I am so not into it.

"Want me to pick you up?" Jamie asks.

"What about me?" Tex punches him on the arm. He winces and rubs it.

"Fine. I'll pick you up too, Tex." Jamie doesn't drink, ever, so he's usually our DD. He's also really good at driving Sam's mom's minivan full of drunk people without getting distracted. A valuable skill.

"Sweet."

There's not much to do in Maine for teenagers except to hang out at Seagull Stop, our equivalent of a 7-Eleven, or build a fire and get drunk. The only other alternatives involve Family Game Nights and movies at the library, or hanging out in cemeteries, my activity of choice.

I needed to stop thinking about him. I'm usually able to shove the other less-pleasant memories far down into my subconscious where they will no doubt cost me years and thousands of dollars in therapy. Not him. I wake up in the middle of the night and I swear I can hear his voice.

Seven

"You look great, baby." Mom waits for me at the bottom of the stairs with a camera, like it's prom. Dad got her a digital camera and she's been taking picture after picture. Things like me sneezing or eating or doing something awesome like sitting on the couch. I'll see the flash out of the corner of my eye and try to stay still and not do anything weird with my face. I pretend like I don't notice when she does it. I have no idea why she's taking a picture of me doing nothing, but I don't ask.

I smile and pose on the stairs, and give my best Miss America wave. Dad's right behind her, arms around her waist, laughing. I make some funny faces and she takes so many pictures I'm blinded by the flashes.

Jamie's truck sounds in the driveway like a hurricane hit a chainsaw factory. He loves that truck, even though he could never use it in a getaway.

"That's my ride."

"Have fun, Ava-Claire. Be safe. Don't be home too late." She hugs me tight. I wish she'd hug me like this forever and never let me go. I don't want to go to the party, but I let her go and walk out the door. She takes one last picture as I look back at her. The flash makes my eyes burn for a moment.

"I will, I won't." Dad looks like he wants to add something, but he gives me a look that says it all. I smile and wave as I grab my jacket.

"Ready to roll?" I say as I launch myself to get into the truck. Jamie reaches out and hauls me in. Even though he's never had a cigarette in his life, his truck still smells like moldy cigarettes. It's a hand-me-down from his dad, who smokes like a chimney.

"Always." I ride bitch, since I have the shortest legs. We get Tex a few minutes later, and her skirt rides up so much she has to haul it down after she gets in.

"Classy."

"I have great legs, what can I say? It would be a crime to cover them up." I sigh. She does have great legs. I've got stubs.

My knees are crunched up under the dashboard and Tex keeps brushing crumbs off her seat. Jamie also has to reach between my feet to get his coffee cup, but that's part of the charm of riding around with Jamie.

Sam Weston lives at the end of a dirt road, like a lot of people in Sussex. Secluded in the summer, hell to drive on in the winter. His house is closer to the water than mine, and even has a little cliff so you can watch the waves. The neighbors are all rich summer folks that hibernate in Florida and haven't made it up for the summer yet, so the location is ideal. Cars are haphazardly parked in the ditches on either side of the driveway, and some have made their way onto the lawn. The cold air bites at my legs and exposed arms. I should have brought a sweater to cover the blue t-shirt I've worn.

"I didn't think there would be this many people." Tex seems surprised. I have no idea why. A car full of people who sound like they're already three drinks in skids next to us, nearly jamming into Jamie's truck. They all stumble out and have to hold onto each other to get up the steps and into the house. It's practically vibrating on its foundation from the music.

"Can we stop staring and go in? I'm freezing,' Tex says. No wonder, considering what she's wearing.

"Put a coat on," I snap. This was her idea.

"But I might lose it. You know coats disappear at these things." She holds her arm up, showing me the wristlet that holds all her identification and cell phone. Style before function.

"Shall we?" Jamie leans down and offers each of us an arm. I fake a smile and link up with him on one side, Tex on the other. A Jamie sandwich.

No sooner are we through the door than beers are chucked in our direction. The music is loud, the rooms packed, it's hot and smells like sweat with a hint of pot. If I'm going to be here I might as well enjoy myself as much as I can.

Each beat from the music moves through the floor, making its way up my legs and through my body like a spark of electricity. I want to plunge into it, to lose myself in it, but Tex drags me into the kitchen. Now that I'm here, it's not so bad. Jamie heads to the next room where beer pong is in full swing. He has to say hello to his buddies, who are already slamming each other around and laughing too loudly at something that probably isn't even funny.

I grab a lime wedge and stick it in my beer can. Tex discards her beer and grabs a cup of something pink some girl ladles from a huge metal bowl. I think her name's Angela, but I'm not sure. She catches me staring and gives me the hairy eyeball before clopping away in her gigantic heels.

"Are you going to drink that?"

"Why not? You know I hate beer." She peers into the cup and pulls something out.

"Because you have no idea what's in it."

"Alcohol." She takes a sip. "And... fruit punch? Maybe lemonade? I don't know. It's good. Try it." She shoves the cup under my nose. It smells good, but that doesn't mean I'm drinking it. There could be anything in there.

"No thanks. I'll stick with what I know." I sip my beer, which is improved by the lime. Drinkable. I haven't had a whole lot of experience with alcohol. I mean, I've had one here and there, but my experience with it was nothing compared to most of my classmates. I've never actually been wasted. Maybe now is a good time. At least I don't have to drive. I take a bigger swig.

"Slow down there. You want it to last." Tex practically has a degree in drinking. "Water is the key," she tells me, "and food."

I ignore her and nearly choke on my next gulp. I barely even taste it.

The beer kicks a few minutes later. My body warms and I don't feel so tense. It's nice. I stop thinking about Thing One and Thing Two.

As soon as she's gotten one drink in her, Tex goes off and mingles. I hang out with my beer in the kitchen, waiting for the right moment. I say hello to a few people from school who come in to get a refill, but for the most part I'm alone.

"Ready to dance?" Jamie finds me sitting on the counter next to the sink helping some girl put ice in her cup. She gets most of it on the floor.

"I've been waiting for something better to come along." I grin at him. Smiling seems so easy now, lke someone else is doing it for me.

"Ouch. You've hurt my pride." He clutches his chest as if I've wounded him before helping me down off the counter. The girl stumbles off with her drink and plenty of ice. She almost does a face plant when she slips on a cube. Jamie leans down to pick them up and throws them in the sink.

"I think that's impossible." He takes my hand and twirls me around. My can of beer sloshes on the floor.

"Come on." He tugs me to the pounding living room. With the alcohol, I'm more willing to dance than I would be otherwise. He notices when I'm less-than-graceful. I've barely gotten into the song when he pulls on my arm and takes me away from the speaker. He says something and I put my hand to my ear, telling him I can't hear.

"How much have you had to drink?" he yells.

"Just one," I yell back, holding up one finger. The strobe lights make him look like he's moving in slow motion.

"Since we got here?" I'm not sure how long we've been here. Feels like a few minutes.

"Yeah." I try to pull my arm away. His grip hurts.

"You idiot. That's going to come back and bite you. You're not supposed to drink it that fast." He takes my arm and yanks me back into the kitchen. I protest, but he lifts me up onto the kitchen counter and hands me a glass of water.

"Drink."

"I'm not a baby. You don't have to take care of me." It's a lot easier to hear now, but the room is doing this wavy thing I'm not liking too much.

"Yes, I do." He doesn't say it like a joke. More like it's a fact that he's admitting to.

"Where's Tex?" I say as I take a sip.

"Not sure. I saw her over with the video gamers a while ago. I'll go find her. You stay here."

I stay on the counter and dutifully drink my water. Jamie is a little overprotective. It's what happens when you have an alcoholic father. Tex has another drink in her hand when he hauls her in.

"I'm going to keep an eye on you two. Pace yourselves. Eat. Don't leave with strangers. Keep your underwear on and your tongues in your own mouths. Understood?"

"Yes, sir." We both say, saluting in unison. He gives us the 'I'm watching you' finger gesture and goes back to referee the beer pong. Tex chugs her drink in protest and I get another beer.

We spend the rest of the night dancing and fending off drunken gropers. Tex more than me, but I blame that on the skirt. What kind of message did she think she was sending? I only think about it for a second, thanks to the beer. I'm not sure how many I've consumed, but I'm past caring. I'm dancing and laughing and not thinking about things. It's awesome.

At some point in the evening, Jamie gets both Tex and me into the car. I'm able to walk straight, but I'm so tired my eyes can barely stay open. I think I remember Tex yelling something about not breaking her shoes, but it's hard to tell. Her voice is all slurry and she's mumbling. She always mumbles when she drinks.

Jamie drives me home, and I'm so tired I nearly fall asleep in the truck.

"How was the party?" My mother's curled up on the couch when I get home. I'm surprised to see her awake. Of course I knock over her purse and spill everything out on the floor in my attempt to be quiet.

"What are you doing up?" I say, picking up a tube of lipstick and a wad of tissues.

"Couldn't sleep. I'm watching Ever After." She has a bowl of popcorn on the couch with her, as if she's been waiting for me. I'm sweaty and exhausted and I want to go to bed, but I sit down next to her.

"Mind if I join you?" She pauses the movie and then starts it from the beginning. I stink of alcohol and cigarettes, but I snuggle under her arm. She kisses the top of my head.

"Did you have a good time?"

"Not as good as Tex." Her fingers tangle themselves in my hair.

"That girl needs to slow down."

"I tell her that every time. She doesn't listen." When Tex and I started going to parties when we hit high school, Mom had smiled and told me to call her if I ever needed a ride. She's an odd mix of overprotective for some things, and lax on others. Partying is one thing she's never seemed to mind, like it one of those rights of passage. She trusts me enough to let me make my own decisions because I'll never do something that will make her ashamed of me. I've never come home wasted.

I only make it through a few minutes before I fall asleep with her stroking my hair and humming in my ear.

I wake in the middle of the night, my alcohol buzz gone. The buzz in my head isn't, thoughts flying around so fast I can't keep up with them. The only thing they hold on to is that memory of looking into those eyes. I can't say what color they are. It doesn't matter. I want to see him again. He'd had another chance to do whatever it was they were going to do last time, and he hadn't.

So, um, that means I can go back and see if he's there, right? I can't stop thinking about him, like a song I can't get out of my head I need to listen to him on repeat to break the spell. If he's not there, then I can stop thinking about him. I have to get it out of my system, one way or another.

The drive takes longer, because I'm too busy telling myself how insane this is to focus on my driving. It's unlikely it is that this weird guy has been camped out in a cemetery for several days, waiting to see if I'll come back. The chances are slim.

***

This time I bring a flashlight, using it like a search beam to scan the cemetery. I think I'm alone until something appears.

"You're still here," I say, nearly falling down as my flashlight beam bounces over him. He turns around at the sound of my voice.

It's a cold night and I can see my breath in the beam of the flashlight, like smoke. I have to wrap my arms around myself to stop from shaking, I'm so freaking cold.

"I am," he says. "So are you." The light jumps in my shaking hand. So much for being confident. Keeping the beam on his dirty feet is the best I can do to minimize my freak out.

"I guess I have no self-preservation instincts." I want to sit down, because standing is awkward, but I don't want to be the one sitting when he's standing. So I just continue to fidget awkwardly. "I thought you were going to... um..." I can't say kill yourself.

"Yes. But I did not." There's a pause as I question all the ways this is a bad life decision.

"What changed your mind?" That's it, I'm officially insane. I'm standing in a cemetery, discussing suicide in the middle of the night with some guy who kinda saved me from his creepy brother who might have tried to rape or kill me.

"It was not the right time."

"So what is the right time? Not that I think you should, but..." Open mouth, insert feet and hands, Ava.

"I will know."

"It can't be that bad." I know nothing about this guy. "What's your name?" It's my attempt to talk him off the proverbial ledge. All the cops do it on TV.

"Peter."

"Peter, what?"

"Hart."

"It's nice to meet you, Peter, I'm Ava." I stick my hand out, like this is some sort of meet-and-greet. He stares at my hand. I yank it back. I must have come on too strong. Go me.

"So, what, have you just been camping out here, waiting for unsuspecting girls to wander near your mausoleum?" I sound like a lunatic.

"No."

"Where's your brother?"

"You mean Ivan. He is not here." Glory hallelujah. I should throw a party, with confetti.

"You're not very good at conversation, are you?" He turns his head to the side. I like it when he does that. Wait, what? I pull my eyes away from him.

"No, I am not. But you continue to try."

"Call me Saint Jude," I say with a sigh. It comes out kind of trembly, since I'm so cold. I hope he doesn't notice, but I'm sure he does.

"Do you consider me a lost or hopeless cause?" That catches me off guard. Only Tex or Jamie or my mother or someone familiar with saints would understand that little quip.

"Well I don't know you, so I couldn't say. What would you consider yourself as?" I look up at him, trying to be as confident as I sound. Clearly, he's something. I just don't know what that is. I move the beam back up to his eyes, hidden behind that hair. They sparkle like gems under water.

"I am nothing." His voice goes quiet. The first change in volume, which tells me something. I just don't know what that is. I'm still shaking and I can't feel any of my extremities.

"You're... something." I can't say what I'm thinking, that I don't think he's a normal guy. I try not to look at his eyes again, but now that I've done it once, they're all I can see when I close my eyes. My heart kicks into high gear. Why are my palms sweating?

"I just can't figure you out." He's still standing. "You don't want me to, though." I meet his eyes for a second.

"I would prefer it." I'm shivering so bad I can barely talk.

"Well, thank you anyway. For not letting Ivan do, whatever it was he wanted to do, and for not killing yourself." I cringe inwardly at how ungrateful of a thanks it is.

He studies at me a second before answering.

"You are welcome, Ava." It's the first time he says my name.

"So, um, goodbye." As much as I'd like to stay and chat with him, my nose is going to freeze and fall off if I don't leave. He is unaffected by the cold. Come to think of it, I haven't seen his breath in the air. I haven't seen him breathe at all. I should probably just stop thinking.

"Goodnight, Ava." I stare at his chest, looking for some kind of breathing movement. Of course, it's really hard to see in the dark. I drag my eyes back up to his face, which is calm as ever.

Of course I have to stop and say, "will you be here tomorrow?" in a hopeful, pleading kind of voice. He answers my question with one of his own.

"Will you?" I bite my lip before I answer, considering if I should lie or tell the truth.

"Probably." I go with the truth. Even with the fact that I've just embarrassed myself irreparably, I know I'll be back. Sometimes you just know things. My mother would scoff at my certainty and say something about fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice... I don't remember the rest.

I give a lame little wave as I turn around.

"Will you?" I ask again.

"Perhaps." Neither of us want to make a commitment. That would make this something more, and I'm still not sure if it's anything or nothing. I want it to be nothing, but it's probably something.

***

Ava. Such a symmetrical name. I liked symmetrical things. Books on a shelf, rows of flowers, roads. I wondered if it was the chaos in me that secretly longs for order, for things to be in their place.

I told her my name. It felt strange on my lips, like a forgotten language. I had not shared it with a living person in a long time.

She held the light she brought like a torch, as if it would illuminate every dark corner, help her to see what is hidden. Light could not hurt me, contrary to legend, but she did not know that. I didn't tell her.

Her eyes blinked over and over. I watched the emotions on her face, like waves carving sand. I was used to watching faces as they die. They went so still, froze in a mask that was impossible to change. She paged through so many feelings; fear, anger, frustration, amusement. My face was still. I'd forgotten how to make my face move like a mortal. It unnerved your prey when they could not read what you were thinking on your face.

She had so many questions. I didn't feel like answering them, so I didn't. She couldn't understand anything about me. I thought she wanted to try.

I focused on her smell, which was as strong as any human. They had no idea how much they gave off. Sweat and dirt and blood and skin and cologne and deodorant and soap residue and food and smoke. Everywhere they'd been rubbed off on them, so I could tell what they'd done that day, and sometimes the day before. It clung to their skin, even when they tried to wash it away. The scents layered and gave each person have a signature.

She was a little scared of me, and she smelled of sleep , smoke, alcohol and sweat. Soap that smelled of artificial coconut. She must have had chocolate earlier, and cooked vegetables. Meat was a strong smell, but I didn't smell it on her. There was a residue of her house there as well. Paint and fabrics and wood and plastic. The people she lived with were on her. A woman with flowery perfume. A man as well. Men and women smell so different. Pheromones. Science hadn't discovered them yet when I was alive.

Underlying it all was her blood. So warm and active, being pushed and pulled through her veins. I wanted to take it away from her.

Her eyes were green. They widened as she made contact with mine. I didn't mean to, but I tried to hold the contact for a few seconds. She broke it and I saw she was scared. Not enough to run.

She knew that I was different, not human. Those eyes asked the question that her voice didn't. What was I?

I didn't answer.

The want to kill her stayed with me, like a word whispered in my ear. A kiss that promised of something else. Something better. If only I would give in. I didn't.

We said goodbye to each other. She used my name. Such a simple word, goodbye.

Eight

"We need to talk." Dad accosts me in the kitchen the next afternoon when I go for an apple. I've been camped in the living room doing massive amounts of homework, but I need some sustenance. It's the first time in six days Dad's really talked to me. Mostly he's talked at me, and only when my mother is around. She's out in her garden. He glances out the window to make sure.

I wait for him to start. I'm not initiating this, because I know where this is going before he says a word. He's easier to read than one of those Dick and Jane books from first grade. See Dad. See Dad talk. See Dad yell an wave his arms. I fiddle with the sticker from my apple so I don't have to look at him. His face is doing that thing where he tries to look all superior. It makes me want to scream.

"You need to help your mother out more. She's taken on so much and you need to contribute more. It isn't right for her to work so hard when she should be resting." What he's not saying is that soon she's not going to be around, so someone needs to pick up the slack. Someone named Ava. Not that he'll say any of that out loud. I'm supposed to be smart enough to understand that it's implied. Lucky for him, I'm not a moron.

"I will." I'm not the only one who hears the whiny teenage edge to my voice. I could have controlled it, but I chose not to. Now I'm going to pay. He opens the fridge to get some cream for his coffee, like he needs to take a second before exploding on me.

"No, don't say that you will. Just do it. This is a hard time for all of us, and we need to make it easier on her," he says, shutting the fridge with so much force the ketchup and salad dressing bottles rattle against each other.

"I know." Does he think I don't know? That I'm trying to be difficult? That I want to make my mother's life harder? Yeah, I'm just that cruel and self-centered.

"Ava, you're not listening." He's the one who's not. "I don't want her upset. I want to do everything I can to make sure that nothing like that happens." He's about as subtle as a hurricane.

"I know," I say again as he comes around the counter. I try not to flinch as he touches my shoulder, like he's going to hug me. Instead, he pulls his hand away, as if I bit him. I pretend not to notice and take a bite of my apple, hoping he's done, but knowing he's not.

"I want to make this a peaceful time for her, which means if she asks you to do something, you do it." Why does he keep telling me this?

Whenever she needs something, I get it. I'm always bringing her coffee and baking her favorite cookies and offering to do the dishes and making sure she's not cold or hot or uncomfortable. She hates asking for things, but I know her so well she doesn't have to. His way is to pester her constantly, until she makes something up she doesn't really need just to make him happy, like giving an overactive child a useless chore to keep them busy.

We're too busy glaring at each other to hear her coming in. I'm surprised when she doesn't slam into the wall of tension Dad and I just put up. Either of us would need a sledgehammer to break it down. She just walks right through it.

"Everything okay in here?" She brings with her the whiff of fresh dirt. It's all over her clothes and there are leaves in her hair. She has a smudge on her nose and a glowing smile on her face. She looks better than she has in days.

"Just talking about the camping trip," I say, putting on a smile. The lies seem to come easier and easier. Dad puts on his smile and hers widens. She gathers us both in her dirt-covered arms.

"I love you both." I don't look at Dad as we hug. Anyone looking into our house would see a lovely family moment. How wrong they would be.

Avoiding Dad is my goal for the rest of the day. I spend it wrapped in a blanket on the couch, my face stuck as far into a book as I can get it without crossing my eyes, but my effort is futile. I end up reading the same sentence over and over and not remembering which chapter I'm on or what the love interest of the main character's name is. My mother senses the tension and suggests in a soft voice that she has a hankering to take a walk. Dad jumps right to concern mode, asking if that's such a good idea. She kisses his cheek and tells him not to worry so much. Good luck with that. Of course he acquiesces and she says they'll be back later as they head out the door. I go back to my book, trying not to feel nervous about being alone.

They come back hours later with pizza and we spend the rest of the evening planing our camping trip, sans tension. Dad seems a little more calm, and I can talk to him without wanting to roll my eyes or scream.

I am not a big fan of sleeping on the ground, being eaten alive by mosquitoes, and going to the bathroom in the woods, but my mother loves it, the whole shebang, so we're doing it. If she wants to picnic on the moon, we'll find a way. Buy space suits and learn how to moonwalk.

"It's been so long since we've gone. I hope I can find all of our gear." She picks an olive off her pizza and pops it in her mouth. She always gets extra olives. I can't stand them, but I've eaten three slices covered in them. Don't rock the boat, I say.

"Don't worry about it. Ava and I will take care of it. You can plan out our hikes and make the menu." Dad kisses her on the nose, making her giggle. My smile is almost painful, my cheeks cracking under the pressure.

"This trip is just for you to relax." She holds her spare arm out and I climb under it.

"You guys spoil me."

"You deserve to be spoiled," Dad says, putting his arm around both of us. Two family hugs in one day. Not since I was little have we hugged so much. Dad and I aren't huggers by nature. It's natural for her, like calling me by silly nicknames and being so good with children.

Tex interrupts the Kodak moment via my new phone, causing Dad to give me another glare as I answer it. How dare I spoil the perfect moment?

"Hey, you've been MIA. What's up with you?"

"Nothing, just busy," I say, mouthing her name to tell them who I'm on the phone with. Mom nods and makes a shooing motion with her hands. Dad keeps his glare on. I follow her directions and ignore him.

"Doing what?"

"Homework." It's true that I had a ton of reading for my AP English class, but I'd done it already. She doesn't need to know that, though. I stub my toe on one of the steps and bite back a curse.

"You are such a dork."

"Yeah, says the girl who's in AP history." Using my foot to shut the door, I breathe a sigh of relief that I can talk without having Dad glare at me, which he's probably doing through the floor.

"It's not my fault I have a freakish memory for dates."

"D-Day," I fire at her.

"June 6, 1944." She says it through a mouthful of something without even thinking about it. "Give me something that's a challenge." At least I think that's what she says. It's hard to tell.

"I can't believe you got out of working this week," she says with more crunching.

"It helps to know people."

"Yeah, right. So, I am totally making a pilgrimage to Portland next weekend to go shopping. I thought we could make a day of it." My heart sinks as she says it. I would love to go shopping with Tex. Spend an afternoon just walking around the mall and talking and eating giant pretzels and staring at cute boys like we used to. I miss it. How could I not have realized I miss it?

"I can't. I have to go camping with my parents."

"Uh, okay. What are you, five?" The slurping sound is probably her licking whatever it is she's eating off her fingers. I really hope.

"It's my Dad's idea. Family bonding and all that. What are you eating?"

"Salt and vinegar chips mixed with cheese doodles." Uh, excuse me while I hurl. Tex loves to mix her snacks. I hear her licking her fingers.

"Ugh, I hate family bonding. My parents keep trying to do that, but it always ends up with Coby sulking in the corner and me getting yelled at for trying to cheer everyone up." Of course she forces all the blame on her younger brother, like she's all innocent.

"That's because you make a scene."

"I do not make a scene!" The crumply sound must be her rooting around in the bottom of the bag for crumbs.

"Um, do you remember Applebee's?"

"What was I supposed to do? That drunk guy dared me." What an understatement. She'd hopped on top of the bar, and, suffice it to say, she was banned for life from Applebee's.

"My point exactly."

"You're such a pain in the ass."

"Takes one to know one."

"Well okay, if you can't come shopping, can you at least visit me at work tomorrow? I can't stand talking to Toby all day. He's going to ComicCon, and if I hear one more word about his hobbit costume, I'm going to scream." The thought of it makes me shudder, but I'd really be a horrible friend if I leave her to deal with it.

"Fine, fine. I'll see you tomorrow."

"Thanks, bitch."

"See you later, ho." My mother is going to die. The words try to struggle their way out, like I've got that disease that makes you yell nonsense words and swears. I swallow them back for the hundredth time.

I don't want to go to the cemetery tonight. I don't want to see Peter, to hear his strange voice. To feel the way I do when he's around, like I'm seconds away from death. Does that make me a masochist? Or suicidal? Or one of those freaky people who's into whips and chains and pain?

I pace my room instead, the pizza I've consumed churning around like a storm of cheese and sauce. Ew.

I really don't want to go camping. If it were just me and Mom, I'd be there in a heartbeat. For some reason adding Dad to the mix just throws everything off. She says it's because we're too much alike, which I think is insane. The reason we argue so much is because we don't understand each other. I can follow the twisted logic of his mind, but I don't see the point in it.

I wish I had someone I could talk to. The one person I could always talk to was her, and I can't talk to her, about her.

There is someone who might understand. At least I hope so.

***

"Don't you sleep?" I say when I'm close enough for him to hear me. As usual, he's standing there, like he's been waiting his whole life for this one moment. For me.

That's ridiculous. He isn't waiting for me. He's just... always here.

"No." I click on the lantern I've brought with me. Dad had found it in the basement when he went looking for the camping stuff. It's old, but still works, and casts a slightly blue light over everything. A moth flutters toward the light as I crash against the broken angel.

"Aren't you tired? Don't you have something better to do than hang out with me?"

Silence.

"Probably." He flows into a sitting position as I try not to stare. When he moves it's like he isn't made of bones and muscle, but water. I've never seen anyone move like that, not even dancers are that smooth. Something else that tells me he's not what he seems. The thought has been building in my head since that first night, and everything I've seen has only done more to confirm my suspicions. I just don't know what he could be.

"I don't get you."

"What do you mean?"

"This whole thing," I wave my hands around, indicating his person. "When I surprised you, that one time, you seemed sooo, I don't know. I thought you were in a gang or something. You seemed dangerous." I try to look into his eyes, but I feel so foolish, I can't. "And then all that stuff went down and I have to say, I was really freaked out by you and your brother and then you saying you want to kill yourself. I don't know why I came back here. Maybe I'm just nuts." I bang my fist against the angel's foot.

"You were correct the first time."

"You're in a gang?"

"Of sorts."

"No way, do you have one of those secret handshakes?" His head tips to the side, as if he's confused. "Never mind."

"I want to kill you."

"What?" I hear the words, but they don't make sense. I thought he wanted to kill himself, and his brother was the one who wanted me dead.

"Very much," he says. Now I look up at him, and I get that feeling. The one where you know you should stop poking your fingers through the tiger cage because something's going to happen and it's not going to be pretty. I stare into the eyes of the tiger, and then it happens.

He lunges at me and I'm on the ground, his hand on my neck, making it nearly impossible to breathe, his body crushing mine. Panic takes a fraction of a second to set in and then I'm losing it. His face is hard in the bluish light. Somehow he pumps fear into me, and I feel it soaking into my skin from his. The fear is a knife, slicing through me as I pray for it to end.

"Do you understand?" he says, voice as cool and even as glass. It doesn't hurt, exactly, but I kinda can't breathe. Thrashing, I try to get my knee free so I can kick him in the groin. God, he's heavy. Somehow he's got my legs trapped so I can't move them. My hands are busy trying to pry his arms from my neck. I convulse, trying to put him off balance. No dice. My vision's getting spotty, so I give up. Guess he is going to kill me. The pressure lessens on my throat and I'm able to get enough air to say something.

"Got it." It comes out as a rasp, but he lets me go. His weight disappears and I cough a few times. Cold oxygen pours back into my body like water. My throat hurts from the pressure and my lungs spasm, trying to get themselves working again.

"What the hell was that for?" I sound like a man when I speak, or like I'd lost my voice. I lunge out to shove him away from me or punch him or hurt him in some way but he moves so fast that I end up digging my face into the ground and getting a mouthful of grass instead. I spit out the dirt and push myself up. The lantern's fallen over and gone out, so I'm in almost complete blackness.

"I told you that you were reckless," his voice says in my ear. As quick as I can I whip around, but he's gone again. Blindly, I scan for him. The only way I can find where is is the the shush of his clothes as he moves, but that's hard to hear over my insanely pounding heart.

"What the f**k?! I should turn you in for assault," I say, my voice trembling as much as I am.

"But you won't." Once again, he's positive. He's accomplished what he wanted. My hurt neck, my trembling hands and my beating heart are all telling me the same thing. Step away from the door of the tiger cage; you've already been bitten once, don't try it again. It makes me think of that old saying they used to put on maps. Here be dragons.

"I will kill you. I want you to know that." His eyes do that thing again, pulling me in like a fish on a line. Only I don't thrash and struggle for the safety of the rushing river. I let him drag me in like an old boot. "Never forget it. No matter what." All I can see are his eyes. It's still too dark to see what color they are. Someday, I will see them. If I live that long.

"Well, this has been lovely, but I've got to get home." I'm trying to hide how freaked out I am. I've never met anyone like him. So... without emotion. I almost forget the fallen lantern and trip on it when I get up. Great, it's broken, which is not my biggest problem right now.

"Goodbye, Ava." His voice is close, but I can't find it. The lantern bangs hard against my leg as I start walking back to my car. Fast.

I don't say it back.

I'm shaking so hard by the time I make it, I can't get my key in the door.

"Come on, come on." I have the distinct floaty feeling of shock. I need to get away, right now. I fling myself and the lantern into the driver's side, shutting and locking my door, wishing I had automatic locks.

My stupid Honda doesn't want to start. "Come on, you jackass." My voice still sounds funny from my damaged throat. God, was I going to have bruises? Try explaining that to the parents. I fell down wasn't going to cut it.

Finally, the ignition catches and I slam out of the parking space.

I'm so lost in driving that I nearly hit a deer on my way home. If it wasn't for the glowing eyes in my headlights, I would have hit it. Then I'd really go into shock. I slam on my brakes and wait for the deer to cross the road, two others behind it. I sit there in the middle of the road for what feels like hours, making sure they don't come darting back. They have a tendency to do that. Going right back into the path of danger, like me.

My neck is hot. I turn on the internal light, cringing at the red marks that are blooming already. Shit. I'm so screwed.

***

I nearly killed her. It would have been so easy. Her neck would have snapped with a simple twist of my fingers. I could have fed without her dying face watching me. I liked it better when they were still alive. The struggle was like a drug to me. It was not my intention to kill her. Only to make her understand a little about what I was. I had met people before that didn't fear me. Usually, I ended up killing them. I didn't want to kill her, so I filled her with that fear. Used the power I had to make my victim run and scream so I could chase them. Increase the excitement in the hunt. Not for her.

I looked down at her, counted the breaths that no longer filled her lungs because I blocked them.

There was nothing else I could have done. I had to scare her. She watched me the entire time, making me even more excited. Her air swished over me as I squeezed her lungs with my body. Being this close to a living person made me want her so much I couldn't even see anything else.

I pushed harder on her windpipe. Her skin turned white and gray. Her eyes bulged and I saw that she believed me. Saw that I could kill her. Understood, on some level, what I was. I let up and she got out two words. I stopped.

She coughed and sputtered, an engine starting up again. Her body struggled to get itself back to its normal state. It took her several seconds to be able to speak. Her body shook, and I smelled the fear on her, making her scent dark and delicious. As if I was a troublesome creature she wanted to punish, she tried to catch me. I moved away, watching her. She was interesting, for a human. If my past experiences were correct, she should have screamed and run away. She did not.

I told her she was reckless. There was something about her, something that glittered like the blade of a knife. Something sharp that would only flash out when it was needed and stay folded up and hidden the rest of the time, ready to snap and cut. She hadn't used it with me, but she might. It would surprise both of us.

***

The first thing I do when I get home is lock all the doors and windows and curse myself for telling him my name. No, I'm not reckless. I'm just freaking stupid. Really dumb. Award-winningly foolish. I want to slam myself in the forehead for my folly. Instead I sit on my bed, trying to figure out how I'm going to pretend like nothing happened when my parents wake up tomorrow. Figure out how I'm going to cover up the marks that look exactly like what they are. Fingerprints. For the second time in less than a month, I've almost had the life choked out of me.

Frantic, I search my scant make-up kit for anything thick enough to slather over the marks. I really need Tex. She's the hickey-hiding queen. No, I have to tackle this on my own. I've gotten myself into this. No need to drag anyone else down. This is my complete and total mess.

No matter how much I try, the make-up won't blend enough so that it doesn't look like I've smeared it on my neck by accident to cover a bruise I don't want anyone to see. To my closet I go, trying to make as little noise as I can while I'm tearing through piles of shoes and random books and myriad other things to find that scarf my Aunt Jenny had given me for my last birthday.

She's my dad's sister and the two are as opposite from each other as day old white bread is from my mother's raspberry and white chocolate swirled fudge. Guess which one my dad is. Speaking of Aj, I have an e-mail waiting in my inbox from her that I have yet to respond to. I knew she could smell a lie, even when that lie is typed. We emailed nearly every week, and she'll freak if I don't answer her soon. One more thing I have to worry about. One more person to lie to. I haven't told her about Mom. Well, she knows about the cancer, but she doesn't know about the most recent development. I'm not going to be the one to enlighten her.

Finally, after much digging, I find the scarf. It isn't really my style, but it will have to do. I practice tying it the mirror so it covers as much as possible while my hands still tremor.

Nine

"Ava, wake up." Someone rudely pokes my shoulder. Judging by the voice, it's Dad, which leaves me wondering what the hell he's doing in my room. I crack my eyes open, which requires quite a bit of effort.

"What?" My voice scratches out of my mouth.

"Your mother's not feeling well." Part of me wants to say, so?, but I don't. Sense starts to permeate my brain. My hands inch up to see if my neck is covered. Luckily for me, I sleep with my hands clutched under my chin, and the blanket pulled over my head. I'm good.

"What's wrong?"

"Just an upset stomach. I just wanted to let you know that she's needs to rest so don't disturb her."

"Okay." I really want to pull the blanket back over my head and get some more sleep. The red numbers on my clock tell me I've only been asleep for a few hours. Damn, it feels like I've been hit by a truck.

"Ava, did you hear me?"

"Yes, yes."

"I can't hear you, you're mumbling," he says, reaching to pull back the covers. I snatch and hold onto them as hard as I can.

"Ava, what are you doing?"

"I'm tired, can you just leave me alone?" I stick part of my head out from under the blanket so he can hear me.

"Fine." I breathe a sigh of relief as he lets go and tromps out of the room. Close freaking call.

Several hours later, I finally emerge from my room, fully-dressed and sporting my scarf. My mother is still in her room and Dad's out doing something with the lawn, so I have a chance to sneak in and see her. I ignore the fact that I have to sneak around to see my own mother and knock quietly on her door. She calls out to come in.

"Can I get you anything?" She motions to a table that normally sits next to her dresser, which someone's pushed next to the bed and piled high with anything she could need. Glasses of water and juice, bottles of pills and tissues and a bowl of oatmeal that she hasn't touched.

"No, baby, I'm fine."

"Are you sure you're fine?" I lean on the doorway, looking her over. She's pale, but other than that she looks fine.

"Just tired. Come and sit with me?" I'm reluctant, but I can't say no to her. There's a rumble from my stomach as I sit down and she puts her arms around me. She doesn't say anything, but hands me the bowl of oatmeal. It's still warm and is studded with cranberries and raisins. I'm starving.

"This is pretty," she says, tugging at my scarf. I grab at it, pulling it back around my neck. "I thought you didn't like it." I glance down into the bowl of oatmeal. I'm not hungry anymore.

"I found it in my closet and thought I should wear it," I say, trying to put it back in place, bu not fast enough. Her face changes. Cold fear drips through me.

"Ava? What's-" Her hands go to her mouth. Damn.

"It's nothing." I put the bowl back on the table. My stupid hands are shaking again. I can't look at her.

"Who did this to you?" Her voice is sharp. She doesn't sound sick anymore.

"Don't tell Dad." I make the mistake of peeking up at her. Her green eyes are hard as polished stone. She's sitting up straight, her spine like an iron rod. No one would call her weak now.

"Ava-Claire Sullivan, you answer me right this moment or I'm calling your father." Each word has a point that drives into me. This is what I'm afraid of.

"It's not what you think," I whisper. Why did I think this was going to work?

"Of course it's not," she snaps.

"I was messing around with this guy-" No, that doesn't sound right. I try again. "I met this guy and we were wrestling and it got out of hand." Nope. I should have come up with a better way to explain this. Her hands reach out to take mine.

"Tell me the truth. Don't stop." She's gripping my hands tight, trying to get me to tell. I take a deep breath.

"I don't know. It was something that I asked for. I provoked him and he got fed up and it won't happen again. He's not... He's not like that. I don't know. He's kind of messed up in the head." The words sound as awful as it feels to say them. I leave out the part where he said he'd kill me. She doesn't need to know about that.

"Ava. I want you to listen to me." She takes my face into her hands. "No one has the right to hurt you. No matter what. I don't care who they are, or how it happened. You see that you made a mistake, and you're acknowledging it. I want you to remember this; how you feel right now and carry it with you. I never, ever want this to happen to you again. Never." She kisses my forehead.

I sit in shock. She should have yanked me down to the police station to file an assault report. She would have forced every word out of me, like water wrung from a sponge. Dad would have gotten involved and it would have been a huge mess. Instead she holds me close and whispers things in my ear that I can't make sense of.

"Knock, knock." Dad comes in with a tray of fresh fruit he painstakingly sliced and arranged. He pauses when he sees me, but reins his anger in. Must not upset the invalid. I pull the scarf back around my neck and my mother angles herself so she's in front of me. So he doesn't see.

When I was little, the threat of telling my father about things was the one way to really terrify me into behaving. Not that she'd used it as a way to keep me in line, but when I did something wrong, she would always say, "you know, we have to tell Dad," and my heart would freeze and the bottom would drop out of my stomach.

Telling him was always so much worse than telling her about anything. I could have stumbled in blind drunk and she would have laughed and told me I'd regret it in the morning. My father would have yelled and his face would have gotten red and I would have lost my phone, TV, and breathing privileges. She the kind of mother who thinks that the mistakes and the consequences are punishment enough. Nine times out of ten, she's right. Doesn't mean that I'm not terrified of telling my dad that I failed a math test.

Often, we've been partners in crime, she and I. Bonding over the shared secrets of my misdeeds, minor as they might be. A secret for just us girls. Most of the time I figure she does it because she doesn't want him to have a heart attack at forty. He's come close, and she's even tried to get him on some anxiety medication. No such luck. He's calmed down a little bit in the last few years since I've gotten older and stopped doing things like trying to fly off the porch. But since my mother's diagnosis, he'd begun his descent into crazy again.

To make up for my mistake, I'm a good girl the rest of the morning. I finish my homework, do the dishes, comb my mother's hair and make sure Dad isn't stressed because of me. I'm the model daughter.

"I put something in your purse, just in case," my mother whispers in my ear while Dad checks his email. I give her a quizzical look, and go to check my purse. Great. I have my very own can of pepperspray and a rape whistle. I almost laugh, but then remember the look on Peter's face as he tried to choke the life out of me. Not very funny at all.

Jamie texts me and offers to take me out to lunch at Miller's Diner. I haven't see him in a while, and I feel guilty about that so I say yes. Along with offering to pay, he also picks me up. It takes more effort than normal to haul myself into the truck. He looks like he's going to say something about how shitty I look, but then thinks better of it. I silently thank him by asking how his Saturday night was.

Miller's, the closest diner to Sussex with the best reputation, was the kind of place people had been going to for sixty years and where the only thing that ever changed were the prices to match inflation. We always order something horrible and fattening, drenched in butter or sauce or fried. Jamie always says he liked a girl who knew how to eat. I can definitely put it away.

Of course it's packed with the after-church lunch crowd. There's a distinct smell of rose perfume and mothballs that emanates from a group of elderly women clustered with their husbands and families in the booths that line the restaurant. Miller's used to be a train car, so there's little room to maneuver along the aisles. Our waitress leads us to a booth in the back, one of the only left available. The seats are cracked and repaired with Duct tape that doesn't match the green fake leather. It's all part of the Miller's charm. Neither of us bother to look at the menu. We've got it tattooed on our brains. I order a grilled cheese and a salad, but make up for it by getting fries. Jamie goes for the bacon cheeseburger with a milkshake.

"You there?" he says after our waitress brings our food. I've been mostly absent from the conversation so far. I'm distracted. I'm also hoping he doesn't mention the scarf.

"Yeah, sorry." I shake my head, trying to clear it.

"You've been out of it lately." He squirts ketchup all over his burger and fries. He'd eat ketchup on ice cream if it were socially acceptable.

I wave my hand. "Sorry. A lot on my mind."

"You recovered from the party?" I reclaim the ketchup from him. He drained most of what was left in the bottle.

"It wasn't that bad, Jamie." I glare at him. I can't believe he's still going on about that. Compared to the rest of my week, that was one of the tamest things I'd done.

"It could have been." He leans over the table, as if he's trying get his point across, but I'm not getting it.

"I wish you wouldn't worry about me so much." I shift in my seat. The fact that he's so worried that I had a few too many drinks shows me just how ballistic he'll go if I actually tell him everything. Well, I just can't tell him. Ever. That totally sucks, because I hate keeping anything from him.

"Then don't give me a reason. I know you enough to know that something is up with you, and that you don't want to tell me." I think before I answer, swirling a fry in ketchup.

"What if there is?" I say without looking him in the eye. Thing One and Thing Two.

"I want you to talk to me about it." He hasn't touched his burger yet, which worries me more than anything else. Nothing gets in the way of Jamie and a good meal.

"What if I can't?" I pop a fry into my mouth, still not meeting his eyes.

"That's what scares me."

"Don't be scared. I'm fine." I smile with the fry still sticking out of my mouth and cross my eyes.

"I wish I could believe you." He finally lifts his burger. Whew. I was getting really concerned there.

"You're not my father. You can't make my decisions for me." It comes out harsher than I mean it to.

"I wish I could," he snaps back. I'm glad he can't. My hand goes to the scarf for the millionth time.

"You've gone through a lot, with your mother and everything." So has he, with his father.

"I'm fine." Wash, rinse, repeat.

"Of course you are," he sighs.

"What about Tex? You don't do this with her." It is a valid point.

"Tex can take care of herself." The truth is Tex would tell him to go to hell and mind his own business. I'm more passive. He knows he can influence me more. I hate that he knows that.

"So can I. You need to stop treating me like some delicate flower, or some lost puppy that needs a home. I'm not." I start ripping a fry into small pieces and throwing it in the ketchup. He takes tiny bites of his burger. The problem is that I kind of want someone to take care of me. Someone to hold me and take my mind off all the crap I can't control. Jamie's just not the one who can do that, and I'll never admit out loud that I even want it. So we're both out of luck.

"I know. I know." We eat the rest of our food in silence, and don't get dessert, even though Miller's pie is legendary. He pays after I put up a good fight for the check. Jamie always wins.

"I don't want you to think that I don't think you can take care of yourself. You're strong; I know that. Can I help it if I worry?" He holds the truck door open and holds an arm out to boost me in.

"You could try harder." I elbow him, which is more a punishment for me because his stomach is so hard.

"I will." He pokes my nose and I try to bite his finger, but miss.

***

The bruises are a purplish-green by Monday morning. I sigh as I wrap my scarf around my neck. I haven't been back to the cemetery. Not because of him hurting me, as much as I want to say that's what it is. Before that night, the cemetery had been a sanctuary. I go there to feel like I'm soaking up the eternal rest of everyone around me. Take my shoes off and let my feet sink into the grass and drink in the immortality around me. I've never felt that death lingers there, or sadness, only peace and remembrance. That's been broken for me, and I want it back, but I need some time to recover before I go on another suicide mission. No one can take that place away from me. Not even him.

"Hey, are you okay? I feel like we left off on weird note yesterday." Jamie finds me by my locker. I'd gotten to school super early due to waking up and not being able to get back to sleep. I haven't been tardy in over a week. I'm on a roll.

"Not weird. I'm fine." I'm going to say it over and over. Until it makes sense, or I start to believe it.

"Try again," he sighs, as if I'm being difficult on purpose.

"Seriously, I'm fine. Just because I don't text you every five seconds doesn't mean there's something wrong. You don't text me either, so what's wrong with you?" I jab my finger into his chest. Ouch. He tugs his ear twice. Uh oh. That's a Jamie-tell.

"Cassie." That one word sums up so much. This is not going to be good. He leans up against my locker and closes his eyes.

"She back again?"

"Yeah." Quickly, he looks around, making sure no one's eavesdropping. The hallway's empty since it's so early. "She's pregnant," he whispers, leaning down so far I can smell his aftershave.

"Pregnant!" I slap my hand over my mouth like I've just said f**k. Not what I was expecting. It isn't out of left field, but still. No wonder he looks messed up. Cassie is Jamie's older screw-up of a sister who'd gotten kicked out of school and arrested. Twice.

"Don't say that so loud. She hasn't told my parents." His eyes flick around to make sure no one overheard. We're good.

"She told you?" We're both leaning in, as if we're sharing a delicious piece of gossip. Not so much.

"I guessed."

"How?"

"I could, you know... see it." He gestures to his middle, as if he's tracing a basketball stuffed under his shirt.

"Who's the daddy?" It's really none of my business, but I kinda want to know.

"She doesn't know." He tugs his ear again.

"Awesome." I see his face and try to curb my sarcasm. I should be more sensitive.

"Just - don't tell anyone."

"You've got my word of honor." I put my hand over my heart.

"Thanks, Ave. I can always count on you." He pulls me in for a hug. One of the things I love about Jamie is he's such a good hugger. He isn't afraid to touch me. He doesn't try to scoop me up like a child. He just folds himself around me, pulling me into his chest where I can hear his heart. It's just not enough. I wish it was.

"I'm here. If you need anything." I should have said this earlier, but at least I remember to say it at all.

"I know. Same goes for you," he says in my ear.

"I know." The words thrash behind my lips, and I clamp my mouth shut, biting my lips to keep them in. I can't let them out. I can't tell anyone else. My mother is going to die.

"You sure you're okay?"

"Yup." Another smile. My fingers twist together, as tangled as my thoughts.

"I like your scarf. I meant to tell you yesterday." He flicks it with one finger. I try not to look freaked out when he does it.

"Thanks, my aunt gave it to me." I make sure it's covering everything it needs to cover. It's like a nervous tick now. Along with looking around every corner, expecting to see Peter.

Jamie's not the only one to notice the scarf. Tex grabs me on the way to lunch.

"What is with that scarf?" I jump back as she tries to take it off.

"What do you mean?" Her eyes narrow. Tex is always suspicious.

"You're not a scarf kind of girl. What's the story?"

"Aj gave it to me, and I haven't worn it. So I thought I would." Simple enough. She studies me a second longer, and then relaxes. So do I.

"Copy that. At least she has amazing taste. My mother is always trying to get me into these weird beige things that I wouldn't be caught dead in. Speaking of her, when are we going shopping?" She picks at her neon green nail polish. Why she bothers, I've never understood, but I haven't seen her with nude nails in five years. Two seconds after she paints her nails, she's already smudged one, and she starts chewing a minute after that.

"Don't know. She's really busy with work." Aj adopted Tex as a surrogate niece. Sometimes I wonder if she likes Tex more than she likes me.

We both get into line and I buy a salad. Tex goes for the greasy-dripping pepperoni pizza. It looks disgusting, making me feel even more secure in the decision to be a vegetarian that I'd made when I was ten after a school trip to a pig farm.

"Have you talked to Jamie?" I say as we find an empty table in the back corner behind a rusty pipe. I'm fishing to see if he's told her. I'm not sure I want to be the only one who knows about the Cassie situation. I've got too many secrets already.

"No, why?" Damn. Now I'm in trouble. I should have kept my mouth shut.

"Oh, no reason," I say, poking at my salad. She tries to smack me in the arm, but I duck aside.

"You whore! Now you have to tell me."

"It's nothing. Just forget I said anything."

"Oh, believe me, I won't." She's already on her phone, furiously texting. Maybe it's sick, but I want them both distracted until my bruises fade. My stomach twists, and my conscience screams, but I ignore them both. Distracting my friends from my issues is so minor, it hardly matters.

Ten

I don't have to work until Tuesday, so I go right home after school to find my very sunburned and bug-bitten mother knee-deep in dirt and weeds.

"You look like some sort of gardening goddess, all covered in dirt." Her laugh rings out and she wipes her cheek, which only smears more dirt on it. I sit next to her, not minding that my jeans will get covered and my butt's going to get wet. Seeing her looking so healthy makes me feel better.

I tell her about all the silly things from my day, about how they got rid of the chocolate chip cookies at lunch because they're unhealthy, that the lacrosse team is going to States and how Braden Chance got expelled for breaking into the Headmaster's office over the weekend and trying to destroy his computer. He'd succeeded in smashing the motherboard, but he'd forgotten about all the security cameras. There was also that there was a back up computer. Idiot.

"Need any help?" I say after I've yammered her ear off.

"Thanks, ma fleur, but I can manage. You could pull a few weeds, if you're so inclined. It's very satisfying." It reminds me of when I was little and she'd take me out here and show me how to clean up the beds. Which things to pull, and which to not pull. I'd ruined several of her bulbs by yanking them out, but she'd laughed and just put them back, telling tearful me that it wasn't anything that couldn't be fixed.

If only things were that easy now.

"How are you feeling?" I say, yanking out a weed. The soil is cold on my bare hands.

"Much better. Strong. For the first time in a long time." Her cheeks are red, and not from make-up. She hasn't bothered with a wig, simply wrapped a bright kerchief around her head to keep warm. I like her better like this.

"Do you remember the bouquets I used to bring you?"

"With the roots still hanging off? Of course." She pulls me close and gives me a hug. I inhale the cool scent of the earth that's all through her clothes. This is where she's meant to be. Out here, with the plants, or in a room full of screaming kids.

"How's your neck?"

"It's fine." I pull down my scarf and show her. I'm still astounded she didn't freak out about someone hurting me. She smooths the initial flicker of horror like a crease from her skirt.

"I hope you got a few good shots in," she says with a sly smile.

"Sort of." Not really.

"Good, because if he ever touches you again, he's going to have me to contend with." She points her trowel like it's a sword. I wouldn't mess with her.

"It's not going to happen." I toss another weed away with more force than I mean to.

"I know, that's why I gave you the pepperspray." She smiles as I put my scarf back on, and arches her back. "I think I need some lemonade. Would you like anything?"

"No, thanks." She brushes my shoulder as she gets up, using me as a support. I watch her walk away, thinking about how many days I have left with her.

It's just the two of us tonight, with Dad out at some dinner with the stockholders of the bank that he's required to go to. It sounds horribly dull.

"Ava?" She calls from her room. She's been in there for a while, and I haven't wanted to disturb her. She seems distracted. I'm busy in the kitchen, baking some banana bread. It's from a box, but still. She loves the smell of it baking, and doesn't have enough energy to do it herself after all the gardening.

"Yeah?"

"Can you come her for a moment?"

She's lying on her bed, surrounded by torn sheets of paper. It looks like a notebook exploded. I step on a few crumpled pieces near the door.

"What are you doing?"

"Oh, nothing." She turns the paper she's holding over so I can't see what she's writing. "Sit down." She pats the bed and I clear some of the paper away, trying to read the curly script, but I can't.

"I've been thinking about some things I want to talk to you about." I hate the way her voice sounds. I'm not going to like this conversation, I know it.

"There are some things I want you to know before..." She's accepted it, but doesn't say it out loud. Not yet. Not until it's closer. She shakes her head, as if to rid her mind of the words.

"So, I made a list." Of course she made a list.

"What's on it?" I say. She grabs a piece of paper from her nightstand and hands it to me. The writing isn't as nice as the other pieces around me.

The list is relatively short.

"Make real banana bread," I read. That one makes me smile. She's underlined the word real. Okay, I get it.

"I feel it's only fair to teach you. My grandmother taught me, and yours isn't around to teach you." My mother's mother died when I was seven. I have only blurry memories of her, and they all took place in a nursing home. One of the only things I can remember is the smell of that place. That's what death smells like. Rot and bodies and stale bananas. The cemetery smells like grass and fresh air. Ironic.

"Hem pants." It's something she always does for me. Being 5'1 is rough when most pants are made for someone who's 5'7. They leave a lot of leg that drags on the ground and trips me up. She whisks them away, get on her Singer sewing machine, also from my grandmother, and fix them for me. They appear in my drawer completely done, as if fairies sewed them in the night.

The rest of the list seems simple. Tend the garden. Change oil in a car.

"Fold a fitted sheet?"

"It's a pain in the ass of you don't know how to do it," she says, chewing on the end of her pen. She's still writing something else, but holds it so I can't see.

They're mostly domestic tasks, but there are some others in there. Like telling me more of my grandmother's stories. Setting a table for a fancy dinner. Reading her favorite poems. Going through my baby clothes. Driving to see the house she'd grown up in. The second half of the list doesn't feel like it's for me. I look at the first item and then at her. We both smile.

"How are we doing on bananas and flour?" she asks.

"I think we're out of both." Dad and I don't have her magical skill of knowing exactly what we need for groceries and when we needed to restock. I wish she'd passed that on to me, but I still have time.

"Then we must go shopping," she says, hopping out of bed as if it's the beginning of the day, instead of late afternoon. She takes my arm and drags me out to the car. "Here," she says, tossing me the keys.

I've never been allowed to drive her car before. It's nothing spectacular, a black Jetta with a sunroof, but still. It's much snazzier than the Civic. It's also quieter.

"Thanks." I don't really know what else to say.

"It's about time you started driving it. You can have it. If you want." Comments like that make me swallow hard and my stomach clench. I bite back the bile that threatens to come out on the leather seats as I pull out of the driveway. She turns on the radio, probably sensing my feelings.

An hour and a half later, we're both covered in flour and have banana is everywhere. I pull a slimy bit from my shirt and fling it into the trash.

"You want it to be a little lumpy. It bakes up better that way." I stop stirring and she holds the pan for me to pour the batter in. We've been working from my grandmother's recipe, which is written in fading purple ink on a recipe card that's so stained you can barely read parts of it. Thankfully, she's got it memorized. Someday I will, too. I hate to think of that someday.

I haven't baked with her since I was little and begged her to let me lick the beaters from the big stand mixer. Before she'd been diagnosed, I'd come home and see her baking for her class, and I'd think about asking to lick the beaters again, but then Tex would call and ask me to go out, or I'd have ballet or homework. Now these moments are numbered. Like grains of sand, they run through my fingers. I have to do what I can to capture them. I run upstairs to grab the camera she got me for my fifteenth birthday.

"Smile," I say, surprising her. She poses while she wipes her finger around the inside of the bowl and licks it with relish. Then she throws some flour at my face and that's the end of the picture taking for a little while. It's time for epic flour fight.

Dad comes home to find us both panting on the floor, backs against the cabinets, flour still floating in the air like smoke. We both cough.

"It looks like a flour bomb exploded in here." He's got his tie loosened and bags with lefttovers from his meeting. Mom always makes him bring home whatever he can get since those things are always catered and fancy.

"It pretty much did." We both look like ghosts or clowns or something. She bumps me with her shoulder and we giggle helplessly. There's something satisfying about making a huge mess without worrying about cleaning it up.

I choke on a flour cloud. It just makes me laugh harder.

Eleven

The bread comes out great, even though we make enough to feed a small country.

"You have to make it until you can do it without the recipe," she says. So we do, sending Dad out on another banana run until we have loaves lining the kitchen counter, wrapped and ready to go. Most of it will be disposed when Dad takes her on a visit to the elementary school.

I bring some of it to school and get a kick out of Tex and Jamie's faces as they bite into a slice.

"This is heaven. Are you sure you didn't put crack in here?" She doesn't even bother to swallow before she talks. Attractive.

"Only the best Colombian. How did you know?" She rolls her eyes at me and takes another bite. Jamie is kinda quiet, but he is eating it, so I know it isn't the bread. I tried calling him last night, but he never picked up and I didn't know what to say on the message so I gave up.

"How are you James?" He shrugs. Uh oh. Bad sign. Tex is too busy mowing down on the bread to notice the look I give him. He shakes his head. He hasn't told Tex. I give him another look. He shrugs again. I kick his foot under the lunch table.

He just glares at me. Fantastic.

I don't get a chance to talk to him until just after school when I snag him on the way to track practice. He tries to get away, but I hold on tight. He's not enough of an ass to drag me, thankfully.

"You didn't tell Tex about Cassie? What is wrong with you?" He tries to pull away, but I'm not letting go. I do stumble a bit, but I keep holding on.

"I don't know. I just... I didn't want to tell anyone." He tugs his ear and sighs. I let go.

"You told me. I'm someone," I point out.

"You're different." He won't look at me.

"Why?"

"Because you know," he says, like it's obvious. Not to me.

"Know what?"

"What it's like to have a parent that isn't..." He shifts his bag to the other shoulder, glancing at the gym. A parent that isn't what? Isn't going to be around? His dad's and alcoholic. My mother is a cancer patient. Those are two different things.

"I'm not getting it." I wave my hands for him to elaborate. He just keeps looking at the gym, as if it's the last lifeboat and he's standing on the Titanic.

"I can't talk to you now, but we can talk later. I have to go." I try once more to get him to turn around, but I see his face. He can't do this right now. I do know what that's like.

"Okay, fine." I let go of his arm and watch him jog so he isn't late. It's almost a relief to think about something else other than how my mother is going to slip through my fingers and there's nothing I can do to hold onto her. How I still want to see this guy I meet in a cemetery who threatens to kill me, and almost did. Thinking about anything else is a relief.

***

There are piles of bags on the kitchen counter when I get home. Work was harder than usual with Tex pestering me about Jamie, Toby shushing us every five seconds and giving us useless chores like dusting the shelves or alphabetizing the frequent-buyer membership cards. I'd barely made it out of there without having a major blow-up.

"What's this?" I motion to the bags.

"I got you new jeans and a bunch of fabric so you can learn how to sew. It's about time you learned." I try to look excited. I should be happy that she's doing these things with me, but really, I'm just tired. One look at her eager face and I shove the tiredness aside.

"Awesome," I say with a smile that takes a bit of effort.

She tries to teach me the rudiments of the finicky machine she'd inherited and painstakingly restored. "Nothing is better than an old Singer. Nothing," she says. She makes the machine hum and purr like a contented tiger. Her straight lines are perfect. Every time I try to make a straight stitch, the machine makes a horrible grinding noise.

"Whoa, stop, stop, stop." She reaches in to adjust something, explaining what the issue was. I'm trying to commit it to memory, and thanking my stars that there is such a thing as Google. I yawn, but keep trying.

I nearly sew my fingers together three times, but I manage to sew two of the pieces of cloth together in a straight line, with no wrinkles. It's a miracle.

"Good job. See? It isn't as bad as you think it's going to be. I got you some patterns too." Strewn across her bed are piles of fabric, all in colors in textures I love. It startles me that I would have chosen the exact same colors and patterns, if I'd gone with her. There are patterns for dresses, pants, jackets. They are thin as tissue paper, but extremely intimidating. There are words I don't understand about basting, and seam allowance on each package. I'll have her explain them to me when my head doesn't hurt so much.

"I got out the manual so if you have an issue, it's there." For after she's gone. "There's also the number of the guy in Lewiston who fixes them. He's really nice, don't be afraid to call him." She's talking like she's going on a trip or something, just giving me care instructions for while she is gone. So calm. So rational. My strong mother.

"I'll take good care of it," I say, trying to stay as calm as she is. If she can do it, so can I.

My insomnia gets worse as the days go by and we tick off more items from the list. I take whatever chance I get to run into my room and write everything down I can remember. My body is beyond exhausted, but I can't sleep. Somehow I still manage to function, even though I spend most of each night staring at the glow-in-the-dark stars on my ceiling. I can't stop seeing Peter whenever I close my eyes, but I also don't do anything to stop it. I relive the moment when he turned on me. It doesn't seem so scary now. Further proof I'm coming unhinged from lack of sleep.

Four nights later, I have to get out. The walls keep closing in on me, the house sucking all the air out of my lungs. Even with the open window, it's too much. The snoring from below finally decides it for me. The bruises on my neck are gone. I stare out the window, into the woods just beyond the house. I long for the darkness and cool stones. The names and the whispers of the dead you can almost hear. I miss my sanctuary. It's time to poke the tiger.

My fingers dig into the windowsill and I turn away. I'm going, even if it hurts me.

***

He's not there. Part of me breathes a sigh of relief, and part of me is disappointed. I want to show him. To make a stand that I'm not scared. No matter what he does. Instead I walk between the stones, saying hello. Making conversation with these people that I've never seen. Whispering their names and listening to the rustle of the leaves.

Something flashes in the corner of my eye. I look, but there is nothing. Most likely, it's a deer. In fact, your chances are better of being attacked by a deer than mugged in Maine. Maybe not my chances. I search the edge of the trees, looking for whatever it was. My feminine intuition sends up flares. Totally sexist, but true. Women have a sixth sense about things.

Hesitantly, I step closer to the woods that ring the cemetery. With my luck it'll be a moose and it will charge me and I'll be eviscerated under its hooves. Did moose have hooves, like horses? I shake my head. I'm losing it. I peer closer, trying to make out anything in the darkness between the trees. They're old and thick here, like interlocked fingers, stretching to the sky.

"I'm not scared of you," I call out. A rustle answers, but this time it comes from behind me. That damn mausoleum again. He must be here. "Peter?" I've never known him to make a lot of noise, but I really shouldn't make any assumptions about him. It hadn't ended well last time.

"Peter, are you here?"

I squint down the stairs, remembering only now that I've left the flashlight in my car, but I did bring the pepperspray. I hope it works on animals as well as people. I haven't bothered with the whistle. There was no one around to hear it. The mausoleum doors are still wide open. This is my chance to see what the inside looks like.

One step at a time, I creep down the stairs, my muscles tensed and waiting for something to jump out and get me. I'm crouched, ready to run, reaching with the hand that doesn't have the pepperspray. I really should have brought the flashlight. I try to slow my breathing so I can listen.

"Hello?" The only thing that answers me is the echo of my own voice and silence. I have a crazy impulse and let out a scream. Nada. I relax and turn to go back up the stairs when a shadow catches my eye.

Propped in a corner, almost hidden, is something rectangular-shaped. I hesitate before going over to see what it is. I can't believe I saw it; it's pretty small. I reach out and pick up the slim leather volume with gold lettering stamped on the front. It's too dark to read the title.

I open it, marveling at how thin the paper is. How old is it? Who left it here?

I take it out into the moonlight to read the title. The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Huh. It's old, but the pages are intact, the gold leaf glowing.

I've heard the story. Everyone has at least seen an adaptation, but I've never read the original text.

I flip through the book again. My eyes spot a bookplate in the back. This book belongs to Ellen Mackintire. The writing is thin and the letters curl and dance around one another. I wonder who Ellen Mackintire was, and who left her book here, but I think I know.

I fold the book carefully in my shirt and walk back to my car, the leather cover soft against my skin. I've seen what I needed to see.

***

Part of me wondered at my own boredom. Why I was doing this, with her. Why I hadn't gone back to my life of always running, staying where I wanted to, feeding when I could. Always moving, never stopping. I had no home, no place. I didn't need one and don't belong to one. I was a nomad as are many of my kind.

We do not get along with each other. Predators of the same species that would rip each other apart in a second, if they could. Our species doesn't have the power to maim each other physically. The only one I could do physical damage to was myself. There was only one way for us to kill each other, and it was not by physical force.

In those four days I ran to her house, just once. Houses had always fascinated me. Groups of humans all huddled together, stepping over one another, breathing each other's air. I didn't get claustrophobic, but the idea of being inside a space like that with more of my kind made me uncomfortable.

Her mother was sick. I could smell it in her blood. Like acid, eating away at her cells. She didn't have long. Still, they smiled and laughed and ate and shared with each other. As natural for them as breathing.

She looked more like her father. I studied all of their faces, the changing expressions. None of them suspected I was there. I watched until they went to bed. I knew she would go to the cemetery. She was predictable, at least in that respect.

I ran alongside the road, watching the car headlights poking through the dark. I liked running parallel to the road. Never directly on it. Not because I was wary of being caught. The shark doesn't worry about being spotted by the fish. I simply liked the feel of earth beneath my feet, but I liked the order of the road as well. The white and yellow lines that flowed along the black pavement.

Ivan and Di came and left me again. She touched my cheek and made me repeat my promise before she went. One last twist of the dagger. Ivan looked at me, smelling Ava, but didn't ask. Di didn't have to say anything. She knew as well as I did that it would end soon, and we would be the way we had always been. Forever. I'd had my one day to fight it, which had passed for another year. It was time for me to bury it for another year, to keep it safe. It was all that I had.

I left the book for her. My mother's book. It would be safer with her than in the trunk, instinct told me that. My instincts were the only things I trusted. She took it gingerly, as if it would fall apart in her hands. She looked for me, but I stayed hidden in the shadows. Always watching.

I scared her, the other night. The shadows of the bruises I left on her neck were still visible to my heightened vision. It didn't take much to bruise human skin. It was like soft fruit.

I considered taking her right then, but waited. The seconds dripped away like raindrops. I didn't move. Instead, I watched the moonlight on her hair. It felt like the beginning, when every hunt was exciting, setting fire to my blood and making me want to run and tear things apart in the sheer madness of it all. I'd slaughtered entire towns in one night and seen the streets run with blood that I cupped my hands in and drank, like water.

Those things would scare her. She wouldn't come back if she knew. So, I left the book for her instead. So she would come back.

Twelve

Do I really have a death wish? Am I suicidal and just not aware of it? Can you be suicidal without knowing it? Why am I talking to myself?

It's two nights later and I'm back. I spent the previous two racing through Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, knowing that he left it for me, and using that as an excuse to think that he isn't going to hurt me. It's kind of like saying that guy who punched you in the face must be nice because he gave you a cookie afterwards.

I totally blame the book. The only other thing that would have done it was a huge tin of fudge or chocolate cake. Then I'd be his slave for life. Something inside me pulls me there. I yearn to hear his quiet voice in the dark. His one-word answers. His hair in his face. I want it so much it hurts.

My heart skitters a bit when he isn't here. I sit down anyway, crossing my legs so they'll stop jumping around. Did I mention I'm nervous? Trying to prove that I'm not a total dumbass, I've brought the pepperspray this time, not that it's going to do any good. I'm still going with my theory that he's not just a guy.

"You came," I say, and my voice sounds relieved. Why? Why do I sound relieved? I try to stop the mental NASCAR race my thoughts are driving around in. Instead I stare at him. Same jeans, same shirt. Still dirty. No shoes.

This time he sits down next to me. My voice sounds calmer than I feel. "I don't know how much longer I can keep this up. I have to sleep sometime." I hope he doesn't pick up on my struggle to keep things light. I can't talk about the elephant in the cemetery.

"Then do not come," he says, as if it's that simple.

"I want to." More than that. I need to, even if it's reckless.

"Then you must decide." I lean back, stretching my legs out in front of me. My feet will not stop twitching.

"I know." He seems completely unaware that I am still staring at him, trying to figure him out. To figure out what draws me back here. I certainly don't have an explanation for it.

"You will stay." His voice makes me look up from studying his toes.

"Yes." I shift so I'm closer to him, hoping he won't move away. "Will you keep coming?"

"I will." No hesitation. It makes me flush. I wish I were so sure of things.

"Why?" I ask. He looks up at the sky, like he's searching for answers. He looks back down at me, his hair shifting for a second to reveal his eyes. All I want to do is see them again, let myself get pulled in. Trapped.

"I will come."

"Suit yourself." I bring out the book from my bag. I don't feel right keeping it, even though I'm not sure it's his. I still can't shake the name Ellen Mackintire. I've thought about looking it up online, but I want to ask him about it. I just have to find the right time.

"Did you leave this for me?" I ask, even though I know the answer.

"I did." A direct answer! I want to throw some confetti on him or do a dance or something.

"Why?"

"I thought you would enjoy it. Did you not?" He talks like he's from an old movie. Not like a normal person. I like it.

"No I did like it. I was just wondering where you got it. It's very old." I gingerly hold it out to him.

"It took me many years to find it." His hands stay where they are.

"So it's yours? I saw the bookplate in the back. I'm not saying that you stole it. I just wondered how someone like you would come across something like this." I still hold it out for him to take.

"There are many things you don't know about me." He glances up at the stars again.

"Thank you, Captain Obvious." He doesn't respond to that. "Here. I'm afraid of keeping it. I don't want to be responsible for it."

"You may hold onto it." He doesn't take it.

"What if it falls apart? It's got to be worth some money. You could sell it and buy some shoes." I practically shove it at him.

"It is only a book." His eyes pierce through the layer of hair.

"If it's only a book, then why did you search so hard for it? I mean, you could probably sell it on eBay for a lot of money." He pushes the book back. Not a shove, but enough pressure that I stop. He holds onto it, his fingers inches from mine.

"I would never sell it."

"Then why give it to me?"

"Ava." It's only the third time he's said my name. "You will not harm it." He lets go.

"Or else you'll kill me, right? You said so last time." He doesn't deny it. I wipe some moisture off the cover. God, I was never going to be able to keep it safe. It belonged in a museum.

"Thanks for sharing it with me." It's the only thing I can think to say.

"I am glad to have someone to share it with." I don't think he's just talking about the book. It's like we're sharing something deeper, our souls or something. I shake my head at myself. I'm reading way too much into this. I lean my head back and watch the stars. Neither of us say anything, or move. Not until my back gets sore and the cold is too much to stand.

"Goodbye, Peter." This time I'm the first to say it.

"Goodbye, Ava." He doesn't look away from the stars.

***

The next morning I make a detour to the cemetery before school, placing my own book just where he'd left the other one. Something appropriate. Neil Gaiman's The Graveyard Book. I hope it'll be gone when I check on it later. I also hope he won't think that giving him a book by that title means that I'm creepy cemetery girl. I'd fallen in love with that book a while ago, but hadn't been able to share it with anyone. It was too dark for my mother, and Tex didn't like anything fictional.

I liked the dark. Clearly, more than I had been aware of.

All day long, my mind is in the cemetery. Wondering if he's gone back.

"Hey!" I look down and see Tex, biting my shoulder. She releases me from her teeth before I can shrug her off.

"I had to have some way to get your attention." She sits back in her seat. The sound of the lunchroom pulls me back to the world outside my own head.

"Sorry, I'm really tired." I say, yawning.

"From what?" Her eyes follow Ryan Harding as he walks by on his way to his posse's table. As soon as he's put his arm around the girl he's currently seeing, her eyes snap back to me.

"I just can't sleep lately." I become really interested in my veggie pita.

"Do you want to talk about it?" I shrug.

"Not really." Understatement of the year.

"Sure?" Her eyebrows rise with skepticism. I shake my head.

"Yeah. I'm just kinda behind on homework and stuff. No big deal." My lunch is tasteless and chokes me on its way down my throat.

"Do you want me to call you off work?" She slips her shoes off and crosses her legs on her chair before digging into her sub.

"No, I need the money." That isn't really true either. With my mother buying me stuff all the time, I've been saving a lot of money lately.

"If you say so." She grabs her purse and rummages around. She's got this ugly leather bag that I'm almost positive has no bottom. Like Mary Poppin's bag that she pulls a lamp out of. Tex starts piling things on the table while I wonder what the hell the clanking noise is emanating from the depths of the purse. Tex named her purse Harold. I don't know why.

"Aha!" She pulls out a large wedge of chocolate, half-eaten, but still wrapped in foil. "Chocolate solves everything. Here." She shoves it in my face.

"Uh, thanks." I take it from her.

"Eat. You look pale." I fold back the foil, remove some purse lint and bite off a corner. It's a little old, but still good. Tex has a soft spot for Belgian chocolate. I eat a little more while she watches me like I'm a bomb that's going to blow up.

She knows something is up. She just doesn't know that it's two Somethings, and I can't tell her about either of them. I make it through the rest of the day only falling asleep once in French, but I might have done that under normal circumstances. I have no idea how I'm going to make it through work, but at least it keeps me busy.

Tex and I get stuck unloading a huge shipment of books, many of which I put aside to buy. Using my employee discount, of course. At least Toby isn't there. I cannot stand his sounds of disapproval and his awful unibrow.

"I am so tired of books." She stabs her knife into yet another box.

"You're the one who wants to be a librarian, explain that to me." I grab another new release that I've been wanting for months. They might as well pay me in books this week.

"Easy. Same as if you were a male gynecologist you wouldn't want to have sex with your wife when you got home." She yanks out some bubble wrap and starts popping it.

"Ugh, Tex! You are so vulgar sometimes." I chuck one of those plastic pillows of air they put between the books so they don't rattle around at her. I miss.

"Look at you, using big words."

"Pretty soon you're not going to be able to understand me. I'll be so smart that you'll have no idea I'm insulting you." I chuck my empty box at her. I miss again.

"And then I'll just punch you in the face." Of course she could. She'd taken karate a few years ago and I knew she still had her skills.

"I'll just continue to eviscerate you with my words." I stick my chin in the air and speak in a lofty British tone.

"And then I will punch you some more." I cross my eyes at her and we both laugh until her mother comes out of her office to glare at us for messing around when we're supposed to be working. There's always someone glaring at us.

Tex's parents are serious booksellers. They both wear glasses, even though neither of them need vision correction. They are just that serious. It was a great mystery as to where Tex's sharp-as-knives wit had come from. Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton are squares about everything except naming their children.

"Coby, what are you doing?" Tex's thirteen-year-old brother lurks in a corner, looking sketchy, as usual.

"Nothing," he mumbles. I haven't heard him talk in a normal voice for years. I also haven't seen his eyes in a few years, since he never looks at anything above the floor. They're probably stuck that way. Tex gives him a glare of her own. Then, and only then, she looks exactly like her mother.

"You'd better get going. Mom wants these boxes broken up and put in the Dumpster ASAP." He swooshes his hair out of his face, but it just settles back in the same place.

"Yeah, I'm going." He takes a box and shuffles off.

"I swear, he gets more emo every day. I'm going to have to start checking his room for razor blades," she says after she's sure he's out the door. Not that it really matters if he is there. I've seen their parents talk about him as if he isn't even there, which probably doesn't help with the whole emo thing.

"His hair is starting to get a tiny bit too long," I say, holding my fingers up to show how much.

"The moment it completely covers his eyes and he starts wearing black nail polish and skinny jeans, I'm having an intervention."

"What do your parents think?" Tex glances into the office, making sure her mom's on the phone.

"They don't. Mom still thinks he's her wittle baby. He could shove coke up his nose in front of her and she wouldn't see it. Honestly, it's sick." Tex and her brother, full name Cobalt Harrison Joshua Hamilton, have clashed from the moment he was born. I think her parents hope that someday, down the road, they'll have one of those movie moments where they find common ground and pull together and hug and all that, but I don't see it happening anytime soon.

"He's just such a pain in the ass." The back door slams, letting us know he's back inside.

"Aren't all little brothers?"

"Supposed to be, anyway." She stops talking when her mother yells at her to go empty the trash cans. She rolls her eyes and makes a gun with her fingers, miming shooting herself in the head. I nod sympathetically, even though I don't agree.

I've never told her I'm jealous. Not of her having Coby, specifically, but that she has someone else, even a surly emo brother. I always wished I had big brother. Someone who would have taken over as the man of the house and would keep us together after we lost my mother. Someone strong that would never break, never crack. I guess I want a superhero, but they don't exist.

***

I'm shuffling through my books, looking for my copy of Dracula that I want to give Peter when there's a sound on my window. Unlike a normal person, who would assume it was a bird or something, I assume it's someone trying to kill me.

My eyes search for a weapon, and the only thing I come up with is an old dance trophy I'd won when I was five. Well, not really won. They'd given them to everyone, so it was kinda small. Deciding it's better than nothing, I pick up the trophy, holding it at the ready. Clearly, it's not a bird outside, because birds don't raise windows. I get ready to beat the daylights out of whoever it is. Screaming isn't really an option.

Instead of hitting the person who climbs through my window, I say "What are you doing here?" It's not the scary guy in a sky mask I'd pictured, it's Peter, which is almost scarier, in a way.

"I came to see you," he says, as calm as if this happens every night. His hair's really messy, all blown around, like he's been in a wind tunnel. I'm still clutching the trophy, like my arms are frozen. My brain can't understand what he's doing here. In my bedroom, moonlight spilling all around him like liquid light.

"Why?"

"I came to see you," he repeats. My curtains shiver in the breeze. I shiver too, and not just from the cold night air.

"Get out of my room." Wait, how had he even gotten in? My brain starts to catch up to the situation. "How the hell did you get in here?" I want to go look out the window to see if he's got a ladder or something, but he's still standing in my way, so that's a no go. Unless he'd somehow climbed onto the overhang under my window, then it would be easy to get in. Still, it was at least fifteen feet to the ground.

"The roof." What had he done, scaled the walls like Spiderman? Is he Spiderman? His name is Peter.

"What do you want?" My arms are tired of holding the trophy up, but I'm not putting it down.

"I wanted to see you."

"Why?" I almost yell it, wanting a straight answer so I can decide whether or not to freak out or hit him with the trophy. Something needs to happen, one way or the other. Thankfully, my parent's room is downstairs, or else they might have heard me.

"I don't know." He says it as if her really doesn't know. I fight the panic that rises in my throat and pounds in my ears and makes me sweat.

"Will you back off for a second?" He takes one step back as I reach out to flick on the light. He doesn't blink at the brightness. "I think you should leave. I'm not really cool with people coming into my bedroom at night unannounced." My voice quivers.

"I am sorry you are frightened."

"It's okay." My heart is beating right next to my vocal chords. There it is, that voice that sounds way older than twenty, or however old he is. It finally hits me with all the force and power of a freight train. All those little doubts I've had about him being something else. Maybe it's the fact that he got onto the roof that did it.

"Peter. What are you?" I finally lower the trophy. My stupid arms won't stop quivering, so it wasn't threatening anyway. Not that I think he's going to do anything. I hope.

"If I told you, would you believe me?" His head goes to the side, his hair sliding away from his eyes. I may have dropped my weapon, but I'm not looking in his eyes.

"Yes. I know you're not human. I just can't figure out what that means." For a second, I look up and our eyes meet. God, they're amazing. I can actually see them now. One green as seaglass, the other blue as sapphire. Mesmerizing. Stop looking!

"I could show you."

***

"Okay." I back up until my legs are against my bed. My knees give out and I sit without meaning to.

Without another word, he pulls his shirt over his head. Oh, God. Is he going to rape me? A scream assembles in my throat, whirling like a hurricane. My pepperspray's in my purse, which is downstairs. So basically, I'm out of luck unless a miracle happens.

"My dad is right downstairs. He'll call the cops," I say around the scream I'm still holding in, my voice dry and weak as paper. Peter just closes his eyes. I tremble, trying to figure out the best place to hit him or punch him and how I'm going to do that and vault over the bed to get out the door. I should invest in a Taser. Or I should just carry the pepperspray around with me everywhere.

I'm distracted from my plans by something happening behind Peter. Something dark unfurls, spreading out behind him, making a small ripping noise that reminds me of Velcro. Wings. A set of silky black wings. What. The. Crap.

"What the hell?" He opens his dual-colored eyes and looks right at me. The contact hits me like a slap. I slide off the bed onto the floor.

"I am called many things. Angel. Demon. God. Vampire. Immortal, and that is just in America."

"What are you?" He turns, showing me the set of wings that sprout from his back. I keep blinking, as if they're an optical illusion or a trick or something. Anything other than that this is actually happening, because it can't be.

"You may touch them, if you like." Trembling, and against my better judgment, I get up on my knees and hold my hand out. One finger brushes a feather so fine that you can't tell where one begins and the other one ends. The weak light from the lamp bounces off the feathers, showing their iridescence. They sprout right from his shoulder blades, skin blending into feathers without a seam.

"So you're an angel." I lose my nerve and sit back, hard.

"I am not," he says, looking over his shoulder at me. His hair matches the color of his wings. His freaking wings.

"Okay," I say slowly. I scoot backwards, pushing myself with my hands. As pretty as the wings are, I don't want to be close to him. Who knows what else is going to pop out from his back? I'm pretty sure the pepperspray has been rendered useless. Someone who's got wings is bound to have other powers.

His eyes reach for mine, and he says, "the closest to what I am is immortal. I cannot die."

"I know what immortal is," I snap. For a moment, I wonder if all this is real. Like in The Matrix. Maybe all this is just a dream, or a weird government conspiracy.

"So what was with all that suicide stuff?"

"While I may be immortal, my existence can end."

"How?"

Blink.

Guess I'm not getting an answer on that one. Moving on... I rewind to something he said earlier. One of the words snags on my brain.

"Wait, you said vampire," I hold up my hand, as if I can stop this runaway train of a situation.

"I drink blood to supply energy."

"Holy Fuck." I dive backward slamming into my night stand, groping for the trophy. Foolish, seeing as how he just told me he can't die. His wings shift as he turns around.

"I will not drink yours." He puts his hands up, palms out, like he's calming a frightened animal. The animal is me.

"How the hell do I know that?" For some reason, the fact that he wants to drink my blood freaks me out more when he said he was going to kill me.

"I told you that I would kill you. You told me that if I truly wanted to, I would have done it already. You were correct." This isn't reassuring anymore.

"Why are you telling me this?"

"Because I trust you." He stretches his wings out as far as they will go, which isn't very far. The tips hit my bookshelf and door on either side. They're really... impressive and shiny.

"Why? You don't know anything about me."

"I just do." He tucks them back in again, folding them in like the sleeves of a shirt. I wonder if they're heavy. They certainly look very solid.

"That's the stupidest answer I've ever heard."

I'm watching his wings, so I almost miss it, but he blinks."I have lived for a long time. I have instincts. I trust them."

"I don't have a problem saying that I don't trust you." I'm still shaking on the floor.

"You don't have to."

"Does anything I say offend you?" Probably not a good idea to provoke the only immortal in the room, but I'm not very bright where Peter is concerned. Obviously.

"No." He says it just as calmly as anything else, as if he's commenting on the weather.

"So you're an angel vampire." Weird, weird, weird.

"The words don't matter."

"I think they do." I draw my knees up to my chest.

"We prefer the term noctalis." He takes a step toward me. I try not to flinch, but fail.

"Let me see your teeth." He doesn't look at me like I'm crazy. Instead he bares them at me in what is almost a snarl. They are a little pointy, but not overly so.

"You don't have fangs." The room is absolutely freezing, but I'm sweating.

"I do not. My body is the same as it was when I died." I flinch at the last word. Of course, I know you have to die to become a vampire. Everyone knows that. It's another thing to have someone standing in front of you telling you that it actually happened to them.

"Except for the gigantic wings." I motion to them.

"Except for those," he says, glancing at them over his shoulder. The light shivers off them. I wonder what he wears on Halloween.

"This is crazy." I slam my forehead into my knees. I didn't want to hear any more. It's too much. His words fly around my brain, twisting and turning, clawing and tearing at me. I want to slam my head against something harder. Break it open so the words will spill out and go somewhere else. I can't contain them all. My mother is going to die. Peter is a vampire. Sort of. Gah!

"You said you would believe me." His voice cracks through the storm like a bolt of lightning. I put my head up and look at him. His eyes burn through the room. Bending down, he retrieves his shirt. I've been so distracted by the wings I haven't even bothered to look at the rest of him. The tearing sounds again, and the wings are gone.

"I will leave you now. I suspect you don't want to see me again." Somehow he gets the shirt over his head in such a way that only male models in cologne ads can. I finally look at his bare chest. Nice. Very nice.

"I never said that." He pauses for a moment. A pause of surprise. Then his head goes to the side. I'm really starting to like it when he does that. It's one of the only times I can see his eyes without the interference from his hair.

"Would you meet me again? In the graveyard?"

"Yes." My voice asserts itself before I have a moment to think. I think my brain abandoned me after the wings busted out.

"Then I will see you tomorrow night. Goodbye, Ava." He turns to leave, but I want him to stay. I scramble to my feet. He turns and then faces me again. I've never seen him waffle before.

"I enjoyed the book you left for me. Neil Gaiman. He is a gifted writer." My head struggles to understand what he's talking about. It takes a few seconds. Right, books.

"Yeah, I know. I thought it would be funny, since we always meet in the graveyard. I have some of his other books, if you want to try them." I back up, still a little hesitant. He moves toward me, slowly. My mind is still on what I've seen, but he is somehow real and in my room and tracing the spines of my books, stopping and reaching for another Neil Gaiman title. I stare at his back, trying to see any remnant of the wings. His fingers reach for a book. Stardust this time.

"Goodnight, Ava." He tucks the book under his arm and climbs out the window, smooth as sliding a hand across silk. Now I know why his movements seem so strange. Un-human. Because he is. He is not human.

"Goodbye, Peter." Before I can blink, he's gone. I run to the window, my eyes rake the sky to see where he's gone. Nothing. It's too dark for me to see anything. I close the window before melting to the floor, all the air in my lungs expelling in a whoosh. I throw my head back, banging it on the wall. The stars on my ceiling stare at me. I close my eyes, struggling to regain my composure. So far, it's not working. All I can see are those wings bursting from his back. Hear that tearing noise. I just... can't...

I spend the rest of the night sitting on my bed, trying to process what happened, which is futile, since this isn't like finding out your friend is in the closet, or they're pregnant. Those things could happen, logically. This, not so much. Instead of sitting on my floor and continuing to freak out all night, I take action.

I grab a pen and a notebook that I like to scribble on when I have ideas in the middle of the night and start making a list.

How do you go out in the daytime?

Why didn't you drink my blood?

When did you die?

Do you hate garlic?

Coffins?

Crosses?

Is any of that stuff true?

How do you become a... Noctalis?

Why did you want to die?

How do you kill one of you?

What is it like to fly?

Do you all have wings?

I chew on my pen, absorbed in coming up with my QandA. It's not like he's going to answer any of them, but I can hope.

My eyelids start drooping as the sky lightens. I wish he'd done this on a weekend, so I don't have to worry about being alert tomorrow. I'll have to insert a caffeine drip in my veins pretty soon just so I can function.

Peter isn't human. The phrase runs over in my head, followed by something else.

It doesn't matter.

***

I showed myself to her this evening. Unfurled my wings in her bedroom, just enough that I could stretch them out, careful not to knock anything over.

I watched her watch me. She swore, words I'd never heard her use. She asked me if I was an angel. It made me want to laugh, if I remembered how.

The legends of angels were based on us. Those paintings on ceilings and frescoes and mosaics and hundreds of pictures are of men with wings. We were responsible for many of the legends of supernatural creatures, vampires and angels included.

Her fingers trembled as she touched them. I could feel the tiny movements as she stroked the feathers. A human touched me by choice. Extraordinary.

Her pounding heart filled the room, drowned me in the sound. The room was steeped in her scent. Warm and fresh. I still wanted her, but in a different way. I wanted to take her and smell her and lick the salt from her skin. I wanted her to be still, listen to the sound of her body. I wanted to watch her heart pump through her skin. I wanted her alive. I wanted to bask in the glow of her skin, of her humanity. That was what attracted us. We didn't want just the blood. We wanted what came with it. We wanted the light of life. The blood was the only way to try and get a little of it. Just a taste, but it was never enough. Even she wouldn't be enough.

She fired questions at me like bullets. I didn't share much with her. Not as much as she wanted. Not all that I knew, all that I was. If I was going to kill her, I didn't want her taking parts of me with her. She drank in my answers like water. Soaked them up. I watched them seep into her skin, becoming a part of her. I'd changed her, I knew that.

I'd read the book she left me about a boy who lived in a cemetery named Nobody who talked to ghosts and had a vampire for a friend. The irony was not lost on me. I wondered why she chose that book. I saw another of the author's books on her shelf and I took it.

I enjoyed books, very much. When you had an eternity, it could be extremely boring, but there were always new books, new stories to get lost in.

I felt her eyes on my back. Her gaze jabbed at my skin. I had to leave or else I would not be able to. Her scent was too much.

I went out through the window again, my wings ripped free of the shirt. It fell to the ground in tatters.

Thirteen

Everywhere I look I see wings. They flutter on the edge of my vision, making me do a double take. That is, when my eyes are open.

"Honey, you look like a dead person," Tex says when I slump against our lunch table, closing my eyes. I crack them open only to glare at her, closing them once she's gotten the message.

"Always so helpful," I mumble against the table, which is sticky from God knows what. That is exactly how tired I am. That my cheek sticking to an unknown substance doesn't bother me.

"You need to take care of yourself," she says.

"I know, I know." I try waving my hand, but it's too much effort to lift my arm. Just talking is taking too much energy. Something slams against the table, and I jump, but not as quick as I normally would. Everything I do is in slow motion. I open my eyes to see Tex's face a few inches from mine. She grabs onto my chin so I'll focus. My eyes almost cross, she's so close.

"Go home. Take a nap this afternoon." She shakes my chin a little, her fingernails digging into my skin. The pain of it makes me little more alert.

"Fine," I say, tugging my chin back. There's no arguing with Tex. Well, there is, but I wasn't in the mood for it. Too tired.

"You need to eat more," Jamie says as he sits down. I take a bite of my salad, chewing the lettuce drenched in ranch dressing that tastes like garbage on its way down my throat. I nearly choke on it, but do swallow.

"There, I did." I put down my fork.

"You need protein. Here." He holds out one of his energy bars with a smile. I take it and rip the wrapper off, taking care not to smell it too closely before I take a bite. I eat it just to make him happy, even though it tastes like a mix between cardboard and chalk.

Jamie and Tex keep up a lively conversation about what the worst movie they've ever seen is. Tex looks like she's going to murder Jamie when he makes his case for Dirty Dancing. I just listen and replay the moment when Peter pulled the rug out from under the normal world. Hell, he ripped up the floor of the real world, showing me a basement I didn't know was there, full of creatures I never thought existed. It's impossible to discuss movies after something like that. So I don't even try.

"Ava?" My head comes up from the table at the sound of my name. I'd been remembering that moment when Peter looked over his shoulder at me. I still tremble thinking of it.

"Yeah, I'm sorry. I suck."

"It's okay. I'm not mad," Tex says, which is uncharacteristic for her. She always gets pissed when she thinks I'm not listening to her. Usually, she resorts to violence or tantrums to get my attention back. Much like a two-year-old.

"What were you saying?"

"I was saying that there's going to be a bonfire on Saturday down at the O'Hurley place." It takes me a second to understand what the words mean. My brain moves slower than molasses in December. "They usually get busted," she adds as clarification.

Oh yes, that's right. The O'Hurley place used to be a house at the end of a long washed-out dirt road in a secluded part of Sussex. The actual house burned twenty years ago, but there are lots of hidden parking and no neighbors. It's a bit like having a neon sign at the end of the drive that says, Teenagers Party Here! I've never actually been to one of them, so this sign might actually exist. There are so many places in rural Maine to get wasted, it's not even funny.

"I think we should go." Of course she does.

"I don't know. Isn't that the one where they almost set the woods on fire and had to call in fire departments from three town to put it out?" Maybe it's the protein, but I'm feeling a little more alert.

"But the fire was put out. That's what matters. You've never even been to one. For all you know, they could be discussing Shakespeare or string theory and drinking tea." She holds an imaginary tea cup, pinky out.

"Very unlikely, Tex." Jamie's been silent the whole time. He doesn't approve of O'Hurley parties. I haven't been able to talk to him about the Cassie situation since he told me, but I haven't made much of an effort.

"Still. It could be fun." I have to think about it for a second, but I've already got an out.

"I can't. My parents are taking me camping this weekend." How could I forget? Oh yeah, there was that whole Peter-is-a-vampire-with-wings-thing that sort of distracted me.

She throws a carrot at me. It bops me in the nose since I'm too slow to duck.

"God, I hope my parents never pull something like that. I'd have to shoot myself. Can you picture Coby in the wild? Being all emo in the woods." I also can't picture Tex in the woods, either, but I shut my mouth about that.

"That would be hilarious." I would pay money to see that.

"My parents wouldn't be able to stop yelling at each other long enough to plan a trip," she says, chucking her iced tea can into the returnable bin. This is also true.

"I don't know. I can see where they're coming from, so I'm going along with it." I roll my eyes as if I'm totally not into it. It's easy to play off the disgruntled teenager with the lame parents. Too easy.

"Bring some pepperspray or a Taser or something with you." I almost laugh hysterically, but swallow it down before it can burst out. I'm fully awake now.

"What for?" She looks at me as if I've asked why it's wrong to wear white after Labor day.

"Uh, bears?"

"Come on Tex, we're just going to Camden, not the Alaskan woods." Bears, honestly.

"Still. You can never be too careful." I am not going to tell her that I've already encountered something far more dangerous than a bear and gotten out alive.

"No, you can't," I say, conceding.

Jamie is still weird and quiet, and leaves lunch early, barely mumbling goodbye. Tex turns to me as soon as he's out of earshot.

"Okay, what the hell is up with Jamie? He's been reminding me of Coby for the last week. Every time I try to confront him, he puts me off. You're acting weird too. There is something going on and I want to know what it is. Right now." Her eyes are like lasers that are zone in on me as a target.

"You're going to have to talk to Jamie." I've told her a hundred times. I can't do this right now. Not with everything else.

"I know. I just wish you'd tell me. That both of you would." She chucks the rest of her trash away, missing the can, not bothering to go retrieve it.

"I promised." I absolutely cannot look at her. It hurts too much.

"I know you did. That's what makes this suck so much. I just can't believe that there would be something he wouldn't trust me with." Stab me in the heart, Tex.

If she's this upset about Jamie, God knows how ballistic she's going to be when she finds out about Thing One and Thing Two. Pandora's Box can only stay shut for so long, and Thing Two has sort of morphed into Thing Two-and-a-half, if you count the angel-vampire thing. Get back into the conversation, Ava.

"I don't get it either, but you should talk to him. Not yelling, talking."

"I'm not a yeller!" she yells, throwing up her hands.

"Yeah, okay, you're not a yeller." Jesus, calm down.

"Shut up." She's got those little wrinkles between her eyebrows that tell me she's more upset than she's letting on. I reach out and give her a hug. She doesn't pull away.

"What was that for?"

"Just 'cause." I blush, embarrassed at my display. Hugging doesn't come natural to me. Kind of like making toast or doing geometry.

"Well, thanks." She looks at me for a second. "I wish you'd tell me what's up with you."

"I know." My lies are thick and deep, like quicksand. I've seen the real stuff. It's pretty liquid, not like that gloppy, thick stuff you see in the movies. My secrets are like the movie stuff. Heavy and impossible to wade through. Taking me down without a sound.

Fourteen

The second I walk in the house that afternoon, I know something is wrong. Dad meets me at the door as I'm putting my bag down. The house is too quiet, and he's supposed to be at work. He puts his finger to his lips and whispers, "your mother isn't feeling well."

"Is she okay? Why didn't you call me?" I immediately go into panic mode. I start to walk toward her bedroom, but he moves to block me.

"We took her in to the emergency room, but she's fine. She's resting, so I don't want you to disturb her. If you could go and stay in your room, that would be good." It's like he slapped me in the face. I try again to step around him. What is he doing?

"I just want to say hi," I say warily.

"She's sleeping." What's he going to do? Physically stop me? Neither of my parents have ever physically touched me in a negative way. Not even a spank when I was little. They don't believe in that kind of parenting.

"I want to go in and see her."

"And I'm saying no. Not right now." He crosses his arms, and I stare up at him, shocked. Who is he? My loan officer father must have traded personalities with a prison guard.

"You can't stop me." I bump against him as I try to go by. He holds me by both arms.

"Ava, no." I try to get free, to get past him, but he's too strong. Finally, I use my lack of height to my advantage and get free, knocking over a vase. It shatters, but neither of us move to clean it up.

"Fine. I'm going out. I'll be back later," I say, my words drenched in tears while I try to find my keys. His facade finally cracks.

"Ava, don't leave." I turn around and shut the door in his face.

I have nowhere to go but the cemetery, and of course he's there. He sits down beside me without any further ado as I try to wipe my tears away. I'd cried all the way over.

"You came," he says. I wipe my nose on my sleeve, hoping he doesn't find my dripping nose too human or disgusting. I'm still coming to terms with the fact that he's not human. He probably things I'm gross.

"I did." His clothes don't have holes in them and look relatively new. I finally look up at his face and gasp. His hair's out of his face for the first time. Somehow he's pushed it back from his forehead so it falls on either side of his temples. Dear sweet Jesus.

"You look, um, nice." Oh, what an understatement. He looks like he was peeled from the pages a magazine that only photographs beautiful people.

"Thank you." Of course, I'm exponentially more awkward giving the compliment than he is receiving it. I sniff again, wishing for a tissue. I'm left with my sleeve as my only option.

"You are crying," he says as I stealthily try to wipe my nose.

"Yeah, I know, thanks for pointing that out." I'm not feeling very nice tonight.

"Why?" He's looking at me with that cool detachment, but I'm getting better at reading him now. I can finally hear the question in his voice. It's hard to hear, like a musical note at the end of a song, but I'm finally starting to pick up on it.

I sigh before I answer. It comes out funny, with the mucus in my nose.

"A lot of things," I say, rubbing my sleeve on the moist grass to clean my snot off it. He's silent, so I look up at him. He's looking at me. Unblinking. It's hard to believe he's real. Granted, he doesn't breathe, but still.

"Can we talk about something else?" I look away. I don't know if I want to be caught in his eyes, even though they would give me an escape. That's what I came for.

"Yes." Once more, I wipe my face and bring out the list I've been carrying with me and adding to all day.

"I've got a ton of questions for you." I don't want to talk about my mother. I don't want to talk about Tex or Jamie. I don't want to talk to anything that feels real.

"I will try to answer them."

I start with the less-stupid ones, like the sun thing.

"In fact, I need the sun to function. I will show you sometime. I cannot digest blood on its own. I need the sunlight to start a chemical reaction to turn it into food."

"So you're like a plant." I remember enough about photosynthesis to know it's pretty much the same thing. He sure as hell doesn't look like any plant I've ever seen. Women all over the world would be growing him if that were true.

"More or less."

"That's freaky," I say before moving on to the others. He shoots down the garlic and crosses and coffins. I cross them off my list.

"Stories. Elaborations on fact."

"Where did you come from?"

He doesn't answer.

"Oh come on. You can't tell me anything?"

"Where did the first human come from?" Wait, I thought I was the one asking questions.

I shrug. "Depends on who you ask. Some people would say God or Allah or the Great Spirit. Some would say we evolved from a puddle of goo."

"Precisely. It depends on who you ask."

"I'm asking you."

"I couldn't tell you because I do not know. I have heard stories, but it is impossible to tell what is true and what is fiction. I do not bother to dwell on what is done." It's quite an answer without being an answer. I'll get it out of him yet.

"What was the word you used? Noctalis?"

"It is a combination of the Latin words for night and forever. Ironic, really."

"Oh." Now I get to the more personal questions.

"I was nineteen when I died."

"What year was that?"

"April 15, 1912." He fires off the date quicker than Tex could. I shove the image of the two of them having a date battle to the back of my mind.

"You know the date?" Something about that year rings a distant bell. Of course Tex would know what it is.

"It was the night the Titanic sank."

"Oh, yeah, that's right." I want to slap myself in the forehead. "How did it happen?" I'm not talking about the ship sinking. Everyone knows about the iceberg drama.

There is a pause, almost like a sigh. He doesn't breathe, so it isn't that. He's considering. I think he's going to give me a one word answer. Instead, he begins. I'm so surprised I meet his eyes for a second before he looks past me at something I can't see.

"I was traveling with my family. My father had recently come into some money and had taken us on a vacation to Europe, and we were on our return trip to New York. The ship was a wonder. The first Unsinkable Ship." I feel like I should put air quotes around the Unsinkable Ship part. Thinking about doing it makes me want to laugh, but I don't. He keeps talking.

"We enjoyed our trip until the night of April 14. There was no panic when the ship initially struck the iceberg. It was hours before reality set in, and people needed to get into the boats. The captain ordered that only women and children should be accepted into the lifeboats." He's so calm, as if he's reading the story out of an old book. I never imagined he would talk this much, especially to me. I almost feel guilty, as if I've held a gun to his head and forced him.

"My father and I got my mother and sisters aboard one of the lifeboats and watched as it was lowered down the side of the tilting ship. I was resigned to my fate. We knew how cold the water was. My father was not a stupid man. He shook my hand and told me that we were men and we were going down as men. We waited near the band, which kept playing, even as the ship sank. The lights went out. I grew more and more scared." He paused.

"The water was cold. Beyond anything I can explain. I prayed for death, but still, kept my head above water that churned with the hundreds of people who had survived not being sucked under. The screams filled the air. I lost my father, but kept calling for him. My voice was lost in the night.

"It was dark, with only the light of the stars. I swam, but my strokes grew weaker as hypothermia set in. A hand grabbed at me. I tried to shake it off, but it was too strong. 'Do you wish to live?' she said to me. I looked into her eyes. I nodded. 'Then come with me.' She pulled me toward some floating debris. 'They will come back for us.' She was confident. I started to fade. 'Here,' she said, pressing her arm to my mouth. I didn't know what she was doing. 'Swallow, my dear.' The liquid mixed with seawater and trickled down my throat. I choked on it, but she kept her arm pressed to my mouth. I could barely breathe. 'Drink if you wish to live.' So I did." He finally looks at me. I find his unblinking gaze, coupled with the seriousness of the story, unnerving.

"She was right. A boat did come back for us, but by that time, we were some of the only people left alive. I don't remember this. She told me after. It took three days for the transformation to complete, and then I was this." I have to wait a second before I say anything. The story is so fantastical it can't possibly be real, but I saw him last night. I saw the wings. I've never seen him breathe. The truth is right in front of me.

"What about the wings?" I whisper. I have to keep asking questions so I don't have to think.

"They emerged when my transformation was complete."

"Do you all have wings?"

"No. We are as different as humans."

"Can I get some examples?"

"Perhaps." I wait for him to finish. No dice. It's like trying to chip that last bit of ice out of the freezer when you're defrosting it. Impossible and frustrating.

"So you're just not going to answer when you don't want to?"

Blink.

I resist the urge to throw my list at him and ask something person. He seems to be more free with that stuff than the noctalis stuff.

"What happened to your father?" I'm walking on unsafe ground. I do worry about provoking him, after that one time, but he seems so calm about it all, as if he knew this exact thing was going to happen the moment he met me. I don't like thinking I'm that predictable. It gives him an advantage.

"He died. I didn't know until the name of the passengers that had perished was printed in the newspaper."

"And the rest of your family?"

"They moved to back to our house. My father had left enough money for them to survive." He stops there. I don't ask him if he ever saw them again. I know the answer, based on what mine would have been. He may not be human, but he was once. There's a fierceness with which he talks about them that tells me he would have done anything for them. I can understand that.

I don't say anything, but lay down on the grass for a moment. I need to breathe and look at the clouds and try to work out the tangled thread of my thoughts. My heart sounds ridiculously loud in my ears. A crow caws in the distance.

"Are you upset?" His voice sounds next to me. I turn my head to meet those amazing eyes.

"Not upset. I just don't know what to say." Deep down, I know there is nothing I can say. That doesn't stop me from wanting to say something wise and comforting.

I've got nothing.

"You need not say anything. It is enough to unburden myself. Thank you." It's the second time he's thanked me. I roll over and prop myself up on my elbow. I can't sit up just yet.

"You don't need to thank me."

"I do. You have taken it very well."

"Have you ever told anyone else?"

"Once." A selfish flutter goes through me. Part of me wished I could be the only one. Him and me and the sky and the tombstones. I stomp on it and move on.

"How did it go?"

"Not very well." I laugh. It's the first time I've heard him use sarcasm. Thank God, I was afraid he didn't have it in him.

"Is Peter Hart your real name?" I'm seeing how many knots I can tie in one blade of grass. I'm up to four.

"No, I was Peter Henry Mackintire." Five knots.

"That's a nice name." I can't get a sixth knot, so I throw it away and pluck another blade. "Do you mind if I ask something?"

"You already have. You may continue." His stillness makes me increasingly fidgety. For something to do, I roll over on my stomach.

"Why don't you want to drink my blood?"

"Ah, yes. That." He pauses again and I pull at more grass, creating a bare spot. "I do want to. I simply choose not to." I chuck the grass and start picking at my sleeve instead.

"Why?" I try to make my voice sound merely curious, but this is the answer I want most from him.

"Do you know why we desire blood?" I shake my head. Before last night I didn't think noctali or whatever even existed. Once again, this is something Tex would have thought about. She's nuts about Buffy. He makes sure I look up at him before he answers. Oh, he's got my full attention.

"Life. We desire life. In a way, immortality is the ultimate death. Instead of moving on to another place, we are placed firmly in the world of the living, but never a part of it. Humans want to be immortal. We only seek some of the light of humanity. We always want what we cannot have." He's not just talking about blood. His eyes try to catch me again, but I pull away.

"Isn't that always the way?" I roll over again "I'm sorry to dump all those questions on you." While we've been talking, my tears have dried up.

"It distracts me. And I like hearing your voice." I glance back at him in surprise. He likes my voice?

"Distracts you from what?"

"Thinking about killing you." A breeze blows some of his hair back in his face. His words have different meaning now that I know he has a reason for killing me.

"Then I'll keep talking."

"You are not scared of death?" He tilts his head just a tiny bit, just enough to ask the question. If he wasn't so intimidating, I'd say it's cute. There's nothing cute about Peter.

"I guess not. You said I was reckless."

"You are."

"Is that a bad thing?" I go for playful, but it doesn't work out so well. It's hard when he's so serious.

"That depends." I don't like talking about me. He's way more interesting.

"What's it like to fly?" I want to think about something nice. Flying is nice. I shut my eyes and try to imagine myself with a set of wings.

"It is one of the only pleasures of this existence. It is freedom. From everything." He tilts his head back, as if he wants to be there right now, brushing the sky with his wings.

"I wish I could fly." I'd go away from here. From my life. Find a deserted place. Anywhere. Just to breathe without facing anything. No dying mother. No friend issues. Just me.

"I wish I had a beating heart." We look at each other and I let it happen. Get pulled into his eyes. The connection breaks when he's the one who looks away. A breath escapes my lips. It's more like he yanked the connection away.

"What is that?"

"Nothing." He goes back to his one-word answers. A door closed. Sharing time is over. I get my feet under me and stand up. My legs are stiff and don't want to hold me up.

"I should probably go soon." I don't feel better, exactly, but I feel ready to go home. To face semi-normal Thing One.

"How did you know I was going to be here?" I say, brushing off my jeans.

"I can smell where you are."

"That's kinda creepy." He blinks. It reminds me of one last question. The one I almost wasn't going to ask.

"How do you kill a noctalis?"

"You couldn't." He says it quickly. Too quickly.

"There's no way? You've got to have a weakness. I'm just curious." I need to know if I've got a chance in hell, if something were to happen. An insurance policy.

"It would depend on the human and the noctalis." He pauses again. "You have power, Ava, and you don't even know it. If anyone could destroy me, it might be you." I swallow hard around a lump in my throat. It seems like a weird note to end on.

"I should go." My ass is cold and wet from the grass. I should have brought a blanket. I never think of these things until it's too late. "I'm going to be gone this weekend. Just so you know." Why am I telling him this?

"Text me if you want. I know you still have my phone." I add it at the end, and then write my number a corner of my list and give it to him. I don't ask if he knows how to text. He'll figure it out.

"Goodbye, Ava."

I wave to him, which feels silly, but I do it anyway. I look at him for another second, trying to see him objectively. There's a... something about him. Maybe it's the immortality. I walk to my car, feeling him watch me.

***

We talked for a long time tonight. She was more open. Ava reminds me of a tulip. She bloomed at night in the cemetery surrounded by the dead. Their spirits whispered to me. I wondered if she could hear them too.

I'd flown tonight. It was cloudy and the droplets of water had collected on my wings and streamed down my body. I shook my hair out, thinking about her, Neil Gaiman, and my existence.

I ran my hands through my hair. I needed to wash it again. I scrubbed my fingers in it, hoping the rain would be enough to clean it.

Before I went to meet her, I changed my clothes. My hair had dried somewhat, and it smelled better than it used to. I pushed it back from my face. I'd seen her appraising me. My appearance. Taking note of everything. She kept trying to squint so she can see my eyes. They are a novelty to her.

She tugged and pulled and got the words out of me. I answered her questions. Not because I wanted to, but I had to. Once I started, it was easy, telling her. I watched her face, but I didn't tell her everything.

I would have given anything to go back and have died on that ship, or perhaps gotten into a lifeboat. I would have been with my mother. I would have married that girl from down the street. What was her name? Evelyn Peters. I would have worked at the bank, just like my father. We would have had a house down the street from my parents and Evelyn would have cooked pot roast and kissed me when I got home at night, holding a baby on her hip and another by the hand.

I never dreamed about those things when I was alive. I dreamed about being with Evelyn, but not in that way. All I wanted was to get her alone and peel the clothes from her body and touch her in places I'd heard about but hadn't seen.

I'd given Ava power. Shown her parts of my fragile underbelly. Humans put so much emphasis on physical power, but words were knives. They carved and maimed and killed. She could kill me more easily than I could kill her. Of course she had no idea of the power she held.

She told me to message her on that wretched device. I still had the phone I took from her that first night. I hadn't tried to use it yet. It made me think of Viktor and how he would know exactly how to use it and how I didn't know where he was.

After she left I pulled out the phone and pushed some of the buttons. It was dirty from being in my pocket. I didn't know why I kept it other than to remind me of her.

The buttons were tiny, but I clicked a few of them to find how to navigate the thing. It didn't take very long. I hit the call button under one of the numbers. It rang once and a voice picked up.

"Do you know what time it is?" a sharp female voice said. I clicked the phone shut without answering.

Fifteen

"To the left, to the left!" Despite her instructions, the tent doesn't go to the left and instead flips over, bouncing like a beachball. My mother's laughter cracks through the tension like a pick through ice.

"Damn. Are you sure we can't go to a hotel?" I say. Dad and I are sweating and, on my part, cursing, trying to get the tent up. It hasn't been used in so long it has this moldy smell that makes me think of old bread. It's going to take hours for it to air out enough for us to go inside. He and I haven't talked much since the night when he wouldn't let me see her. He's tried, but I've shut him down. The silent treatment will end, since we're stuck here all weekend. I'm trying to be a good sport, but neither of us is having a good time.

Mom is in her element. I forgot how much she loves this, and not just the nature stuff. She loves the no electricity, the sleeping on the hard ground, the cold, the rudimentary amenities. The sound of crickets and the smell of smoke that gets in your hair. The dirt and the work it takes to make a meal. All of it.

When I'd gotten back from my night with Peter, I heard her voice the second I closed the door. It was like a knife to my already bruised heart. I didn't even look at Dad as I went back to her room to see her. I was sure I would have punched him if I looked at him, so I pretended he wasn't there instead.

She was fine, but a little miffed at us for making such a big deal out of things. She smiled and asked me where I'd been. I lied and told her I'd been working, even though we both knew I had the night off. She stared at me for a second and closed her eyes, saying she was glad I was home. I squeezed her hand and waited with her until she fell asleep. I'd barely talked to Dad since then. He'd wanted to cancel the trip, but she'd stomped her foot and said we were going. So here we are.

"Okay, let's try this again." Dad's wearing this old flannel shirt he unearthed from the back of his closet. I don't think it's seen the light of day since the last time we went camping. It's odd seeing him in anything but a button up shirt and dress pants. Even on the weekends, he wears khakis. Never jeans. He's sweating and he's got dirt on his hands. Not that my dad isn't a guy's guy, but he isn't the one who gets his hands into the dirt and digs and does the messy projects. That's all her.

We finally get the tent up. I check my cell phone for the millionth time. Tex is treating me like I've gone off to prison, instead of into the woods. It isn't even really the woods. The highway is five seconds away, along with a really nice hotel and lots of restaurants, and a ton of quaint inns. We're not roughing it too much. More than enough for me, though.

After a lot more cursing, we finally get the tent up and Mom starts making it all homey, unpacking sleeping bags and hanging a wind chime at the entrance. Dad keeps banging his head on it while he unloads things from the car. I almost laugh and then remember that I'm still pissed at him.

Dinner is hot dogs, in my case, the veggie kind, corn and sweet potatoes roasted on the fire. I eat twice as much as I normally would. There's something about eating something next to a fire that makes it taste like nothing else. We're not talking much, but that's okay.

"I missed this," she says, looking into the fire. It moves across her face, casting shadows. "I didn't know how much I missed it. Just being out here with nothing else. No doctors or treatments." She sighs and rubs her arms. "You know?"

"Yeah." Dad gets up and puts some more wood on the fire.

"I want to keep this." She leans over her chair and puts her arms around me. "Right here." She says it in my ear and it tickles. I laugh and she giggles with me. "Remember that time the tent flooded?"

I do and we laugh about the old times. Even Dad joins in, talking about the time the raccoon got into our food and ate everything except Pop Tarts, so we ate those for two days. The fire pops and we have to keep changng our seats to avoid the smoke getting in our eyes.

Tex messages me about three thousand times to make sure I haven't been eaten by bears, so I finally turn my phone off, even if it means I won't get a text from Peter. Not that I'm thinking about him.

I'm so exhausted from the tent odyssey that I go to bed right after supper. My parents stay by the fire, drinking coffee and talking softly as the fire dies into coals.

My sleeping bag is lumpy and musty, but I fall asleep so fast I barely get a chance to put my mp3 player on shuffle.

I wake, however, in the middle of the night. One of my earbuds is still in, and the music is really loud. My dad is snoring so much, it almost drowns out the music. My back cracks as I move, and I wish for my memory foam mattress from home.

I struggle out of the sleeping bag cocoon and unzip the tent. I hope it doesn't wake Mom, but she's still in her own sleeping bag, her face peaceful.

The fire has burned itself down to coals, but I go and sit by their glow, rubbing my hands together. The night still has a bit of bite to it.

I've got five missed texts from Tex. Nothing from Peter. I want to send him a message, but I don't know what to say. I feel like we can't go back to normal conversation after the whole I'm-an-angel-vampire reveal. Not that our conversations were very normal in the first place.

I watch the smoke curling into the stars. It's so quiet.

Thinking about Peter is nice. Much nicer than thinking about my mother and how many times like this we have left. Part of me wants to wake her up, just so I can whisper ghost stories with her and watch her face and snuggle with herI should have brought a camera.

My phone buzzes, and I recognize the number as my old one. It's Peter. My heart does a little leap. I can't stop thinking about how I've shared one of my biggest secrets with him. Still, he shared a bigger one with me, so we're even.

How are you? I guess he does know how to text. I can't picture someone like him with a phone.

Fine. How r u? I type back.

Watching the stars.

Me 2. Don't you ever sleep?

I have no need of it. His text messages are just like his speech. Simple and to the point.

Oh. Right.

Why are you awake?

Couldn't sleep.

Why?

Lots of things. I kind of hate doing this via text. It means I have to type everything out.

Seconds later, the phone rings.

"Hey," I say.

"Hello. I couldn't stand typing those keys anymore. It is really a cumbersome form of communication." The way he says it makes me laugh.

"Yeah, I know. It feels impersonal, you know?" I put my feet up on the rocks surrounding the fire, hoping I don't burn my slippers.

"I do."

"What are you doing right now?"

"Reading."

"What you reading?" I feel like I have to interview him to get him to talk, like I should be recording all his answers on a legal pad in shorthand.

"Nothing." There's silence while we listen to me breathe.

"I can't stop thinking about it. How I'm going to lose her." It's just as easy to tell him on the phone, even when I'm not in the cemetery. Maybe it's the night. Maybe it's Peter.

"Everything is not lost." I swallow a smile.

"That sounds like something she would say."

"What else would she say?"

"It's always darkest before the dawn. That's her favorite. She has it painted on her bedroom wall." Moths flutter around me, and I swat at them.

"What are you thinking?"

"That I don't understand how you can speak to me the way you do," he says.

"What do you mean?"

"You tell me things I feel that you do not tell anyone else." I hate how he guesses things about me so easily.

"I know. For some reason it's so easy to tell you things." I also hate how I blurt out whatever I'm thinking when I'm talking to him.

"Because I'm not human." Like I need a reminder. I can't freaking forget.

"It doesn't feel that way." Yup, my slippers are getting a little melty. The rest of me is freezing, of course.

"But I am not."

"I know." Talking to him on the phone makes me even more aware that he doesn't breathe. I don't like being reminded of things like that.

My head snaps up as something rustles in the leaves, distracting me. Stupid squirrels. Tense, I glance back to the tent, but Dad's snore is going strong.

"I should go to bed."

"I would not wish to disturb your sleep." Only he can put it that way.

"Goodnight, Ava." I breathe for a second before I say goodbye, trying to come up with something better. I can't.

"Goodnight, Peter."

***

I sleep late the next morning. Both my parents are up and making pancakes before I roll my way out of the tent.

"Ugh." I put my hand up to shield my sensitive eyes. I feel like they've been scraped by a grape peeler. The fire's already going and the scent of fresh coffee tickles my nose.

"Good morning, sunshine." My mother looks amazing. Fresh as a daisy, wearing her everyday wig. My hair is already greasy, and I'm regretting not taking off my mascara. I wipe my hands over my eyes and they come away with black smears.

"Want some pancakes?" She looks up from the frying pan balanced on a metal rack over the fire. How she doesn't burn them, I don't know, but they always come out good. Mom magic.

"After I brush my teeth." I walk down to the bathroom, which is in a big cement building a short way from our site. There are even hot showers, but they cost you a quarter for five minutes. I know I'm going to get desperate in a few hours and have a roll of quarters in my bag, just in case.

A couple of people smile at me on their way to the sinks to wash their morning dishes. I smile back, trying to be friendly. I scrub my face with cold water, trying to wake up. My eyes have taken the train to puffy town, but there's nothing I can do about that. Stumbling back to our site, I nearly get attacked by someone's cockapoo. There's a plate of golden pancakes waiting for me at the picnic table. My stomach snarls in response.

"So we've got a big day planned. We're thinking of taking this hike, since we've never done it before." She points to the map, tracing the path we'll take with a marker. It looks twisty and windy and probably difficult.

"Sounds great." I say around a bite of pancakes. I have to open my mouth and suck in air so I don't burn my tongue.

After piles of pancakes and a quick wash up, Mom is itching for us to get going on our hike. Even though Dad clearly slept, due to the snoring, he looks like he got less than I did. I slather my skin with sunblock and bug dope, ignoring him as he packs up the water and gorp and maps. By the time we're ready, I'm so slippery if someone tried to grab me, I'd slide right away.

I'm wearing hand-me-down hiking boots from my mother, since our feet are the same size. She's wearing a newish pair that Dad bought her a few months ago that she's been breaking in ever since. Dad's are so old they're falling apart, so he's taped them up so they'll stay on his feet. We're quite the ragtag bunch of outdoorsmen.

"So, Ava-Claire, your father and I were talking and wondered if you'd like to take a few weeks off from school. It's almost the end of the year and I could help you study for your exams at home. What do you think?" The sun comes through the leaves, lighting up her face in patches that move with the wind. Her skin is pale, but she doesn't look as worn out as she should. It's like these woods and this air revive her. Breathing life into a body that's been ravaged by something unnatural. I shift my bag on my shoulders, trying to get the straps to sit just right.

I think about what she's asking. It's not just if I want to spend time with her. It's if I'm willing to spend all my time with her. If I want to give up what little normalcy I have left, which is really the opposite of what we've been talking about all along. Dad's ahead of us and I can feel his disapproval. That's all it takes for me to say, "I'd love to."

"I knew you'd say that. We'll talk about it when we get back," she says, glancing ahead at Dad. She speeds up to walk with him, doing that thing parents do when they have a silent fight so the kids don't see. It's clear who the winner is when she kisses him on the cheek and he turns to smile at her. I speed up and go around them. I can't stand looking at him.

I look back at her, nearly stumbling. Dad helps her over a root, making sure she doesn't trip. The image hits me, making me almost fall over. They look so happy. So free. It's a Kodak moment of the purest kind. I wish I could be like that. The closer I get to losing her, the less free I become. Her laughter calls to me. I turn instead and try to swallow the tears that climb up in my throat.

We stop at noon, a little ways from the top of the mountain. My legs are already tired, and I'm sporting quite a few bug bites, despite the spray I used.

"You've got sweet blood," Mom says, handing me the spray again. I want to laugh, but it makes me think of Peter. Yuck. I scratch at one of the bites and try not to look at the red that smears on my skin. I plug my earbuds back in, cranking up Linkin' Park.

Somehow we make it to the top. Mom scrambles up the last bit as graceful as a mountain goat. Dad's right behind her, hands held out toward her in case she slips. I stumble along, bringing up the rear.

We're alone at the top. It's strange with just the three of us. The trees grow scraggly needles on only one side, owing to the wind that constantly blows. They look like half-trees. There is almost nothing else up here, save a few blueberry bushes and some hardy grass, and lots of rocks. It's still beautiful. It almost takes my breath away. The air is thin, and I have to work harder to get my breath back after the final climb.

"We made it," she says, still panting from the last push to get to the top. The word top is confusing when applied to mountains, because they aren't flat. When I was younger, I used to climb to the highest point I could find. That was the top, I thought. I look around and find a boulder, about the size of a couple of cars stacked up. It's the highest place I can see, so I pull myself to the top, adding more scratches, and banging my knee. It's totally worth it, though. I shut my eyes and pretend I'm flying, the wind streaming through my hair.

I think of Peter.

Dad gets obsessed with watching a hawk, hogging the binoculars while we eat lunch. I still want to hit him, but it's hard to hate him when he hands Mom his Cracker Jack prize.

It's too chilly to stay on the top long in the open air. With protesting legs, we tromp our way back down just as it gets dark.

Dinner is hot dogs again, and I fall asleep in my chair before s'mores. No further messages from Peter. Twenty texts from Tex.

It rains the next day while we pack up, so everything's wet and I'm miserable. Mom flutters around, making sure everything that we took out of the car fits back into it. She keeps shoving Dad and me out of the way, saying we're packing wrong. There's a little kerfuffle when Dad puts the tent in the wrong way, apparently, and she orders us to stand in the rain while she repacks everything.

At this point, I'm ready to go.

The trunk of the car barely closes, but after Dad jumps up and down on it, success! I'm grubby and tired and I miss my nights in the cemetery. I miss Peter. I'll be happy to get home, selfish as it is. Mom is the last one in the car when we leave. She sighs as we pull out, smiling at me in the mirror. I slump over in my seat and fall asleep.

I don't want to want to go see Peter that night, but I've got to stop lying to myself, because really, I do.

Sixteen

"You survived!" Tex throws herself at me, as if I've just barely made it back alive from the big bad woods. I wish I'd been allowed to skip school, seeing as how I haven't done any of my homework, including studying for a geometry quiz, but my request had been denied.

"Yeah. Imagine that," I say against her shoulder.

"God, did you take a shower? You smell all..." She waves her hands in the air, groping for a word.

"Woodsy?" I say, with more than a pinch of sarcasm. "It's this new perfume I'm working on. The bottle is shaped like an axe. I'm thinking of calling it 'Lumberlust.' What do you think?"

She sniffs me again and pulls back.

"I think I'll stick with the Clinique." I stick my tongue out at her and she honks my nose.

"I thought I was going to get a phone call to come get you. I can't believe they forced you into that." She leans against my locker as I slowly pack my bag for the day, trying to forget about the reading and assignments I also didn't do.

"They didn't force me. It was nice." I'm back to the lies. I change the subject. "Did you go to the O'Hurley party?"

"Nah, it wouldn't have been the same without you. It got busted anyway. Four arrests." She wiggles four fingers.

"Surprise, surprise."

"Yeah, yeah."

"Anyway, there's a Grayson party this weekend," she says in a singsong voice, eyes gleaming. Chuck Grayson is a bit like the Ferris Beuler of Maine. Only he's less cute, and wears Carharts and holds a Budweiser. His parties are pretty legendary, which isn't saying much. Still, everyone wanted to go to them, or so I've heard.

"Sooo?" I draw out the word.

"And we have to go. It's going to be awesome. The theme is White Trash." Chuck's also big on themes. He plans them out months in advance, keeping up with the current trends. It's a wonder he's not g*y, with all the party planning he did.

"Classy."

"Oh come on, it's going to be fun. I have the best outfit."

"A white t-shirt with a red bra and ripped Daisy Dukes?"

"How did you... You're totally missing the point." She's frustrated with my lack of enthusiasm. "You have to come. Jamie's going." Only because he was driving the drunk van.

"I don't know." I reeealllllyyy don't want to go.

"Come on, you have to come." The whine seeps into her voice, making my ears burn. She's worse than a two-year-old.

"I'll think about it." Of course she knows I'm going to cave. I should tattoo doormat on my forehead in swirly lettering, with a butterfly perched on the D.

"Then I have a whole week to convince you how awesome it's going to be." She isn't deterred. Tex never says die when it comes to a party.

"I'll think about it," I say again. Maybe a drunken party would be a nice change from all the other crap I've been dealing with. Or, it could be a huge mistake. It can really only go one of two ways.

"Hey, are you okay?" I drop my Ava's fine face just for a second when I think she's not looking. Long enough for her to notice. Damn.

"What?" I say. She's looking at me like I'd just told her my grandmother died. All concerned-like. It immediately rings my alarm bells. Here we go.

"Are you okay?" She says it slow, like I'm hard of hearing.

"Yeah, fine." Even to me my voice sounds flat and fake. She breathes out her nose and puts on her serious face.

"So, here's how this is going to go. I'm going to suggest things and you can say yes or no? Okie dokie? Does this have to do with school?" She's pissed now, and I risk poking the dragon in the eye if I don't answer. She's never going to guess that I'm hanging out with a noctalis in a cemetery and my mother is dying of cancer. There's just no way.

"No."

"You haven't realized you're into girls?"

"Uh, no. I think you'd know," I snap. She holds up her hands in a peacemaking gesture.

"Hey, I'm just covering my bases. Is it a guy?" Crap. Part of it is.

"Um..." I don't know what to say. Tex leaps out of her chair, pointing her finger in my face as if I've admitted to committing a crime.

"Aha! You hesitated. That's all I need to know. Now we're getting somewhere."

"Tex, it isn't-" She jams her hand over my mouth. I nip her palm.

"Ow! I just want some details." I sigh. As much as I don't want to tell her, for a lot of reasons, I need to talk to someone. A best-friend type someone.

"His name's Peter and he's..." What is he? "He's different."

"That's it? Age, sex, location?"

"He's like eighteen, I think. He's a guy, obviously, and he's from New York." All mostly true.

"How's the bod?" Including the wings?

"Good." My face goes all shades of red thinking about something like that. Like I was objectifying him, which is ridiculous.

"How good?" The bell drills, making everyone else in the room get to their feet and shuffle back for their afternoon classes.

"I don't know. Can you just lay off?" For a second, I think she's going to protest, but then she caves.

"Okay, fine. Keep your boy-toy a secret. I'll find out." Nothing daunts her.

I don't end up failing the math quiz, but pass with a 69. Wahoo. I'm reprimanded for my missing homework, but the words go in one ear and flow out the other. I nod and promise to do better. I don't bother to make excuses. They're useless anyway.

Jamie's absent, which isn't like him. I text him, asking where he is, but don't get anything back. I have a feeling it has to do with Cassie. I really need to have a chat with him about that, but I've been so busy with my own stuff. It's horribly selfish, and I feel more horrible about it as the day goes on so I call him after school, but he doesn't pick up. I leave a message, telling him I missed him today and want to know if he needs anything. That's the best I can do.

***

My mother is folding laundry when I get home. She must have bribed Dad to let her do it, because neither of us has been letting her lift a finger, other than packing the car after the camping trip.

"Ava-Claire, time to learn how to fold a fitted sheet!" she calls from the laundry room. I roll my eyes to no one in particular and go on back. This is one of those things that seems easy when someone else does it. I have to compose myself for a second, or else I'll say things I don't mean. Like that folding a fitted sheet is stupid, and I don't want to learn how to do it, because I always want her to be there to do it for me. I bite back the ugly feelings that tug at my mind and paste on my winning smile.

She's got her wig on again, the one that reminds me of Marilyn Monroe. It doesn't really work with her coloring and eyes, but I'll never tell her that.

"Okay, so first you want to find your corners," she says, holding the sheet up so I can watch. They're still warm from the dryer and smell like fabric softener. I can't help but laugh as I get my arms all twisted up. Somehow, being with her and the warm sheets loosens a little bit of the knot inside me.

"So," she says as I help her fold the rest of the laundry, "what's new with you?"

"Nothing." I roll my eyes.

"Come on, I need some gossip. How are Tex and Jamie?"

"Complicated." I toss a pair of socks into the basket.

"All relationships are complicated."

"They're just... I don't know. I want to talk to them... but I'm scared."

"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself."

"Roosevelt? Really?" She leans against a pile of towels. "I really don't think that's relevant in this situation."

"Roosevelt is always relevant." Her wig slides to the side, making her look lopsided.

"Walk softly and carry a big stick," I say.

"Don't alienate your friends, baby. You're going to be glad you have them." As always, she leaves the rest off. The part about how I'm going to need friends to put me back together after I break.

Unlike Dad, she accepts that grief will consume us. I picture it like a fire, spreading through me. I'm so afraid it's going to destroy me. That there will be nothing left to salvage. I don't know if Tex or Jamie are going to be able to get me back together after that. Could anyone?

Dad helps me make lasagna for dinner. The camping trip didn't thaw my relationship with him much, so we're still tiptoeing around one another. Sooner or later, one of us is going to talk to the other, but I'm not going to be the first one.

"How was school?" It's like he doesn't know how to start, so he goes with something lame, like Mom wrote him a list and he's reading from it. For all I know, she did.

"Fine," I lie. I'm getting real good at it.

"Learn anything interesting?"

"The one millionth digit of pi is one." I bump into him as I reach for a spoon to stir the ricotta cheese, egg and spinach mixture.

"Really?" He looks up at me, surprised.

"Yeah."

"How's it coming?" Mom leans around the doorway. As always, she's not talking about the lasagna.

"We're almost ready to assemble," Dad says, brandishing the sauce spoon.

"Need any help?" She grabs him around the middle.

"No, I think we're good," I say. The laundry was enough for one day.

"I've got a really bad ice cream craving. I'm going to run down to the store and grab some Neopolitan. Do you need anything else?"

"Are you sure?" Dad and I say at the same time. She laughs at us.

"Yeah, I'll be right back."

The door shuts behind her and it's the first time I've been alone with Dad since our little altercation.

"Ava, I just wanted to say that I'm sorry. For what I said and the way I said it."

"It's okay." Of course it isn't, but these are the things I have to say to keep peace in the house.

"Good." That's it. That makes it all better, as far as he's concerned. We have a little more conversation before she gets back. We're even laughing, thinking about an old Seinfeld episode, but I haven't forgotten that moment when he wouldn't let me see her, and the look on his face. Something tells me I'm going to see it again.

We all pig out on the lasagna and salad and ice cream and crash on the couch, flipping through the channels to find something we can all deal with. Dad strokes Mom's hair and she braids and unbraids mine. That's another thing on her list. I have to learn how to french braid my own hair. It seems impossible, but she's determined to have me learn. So I will.

I doze off with her hands in my hair and wake up in the middle of the night, tucked into bed. Dad must have brought me up. A pang goes through me as I remember what it was like when I was little and I'd fall asleep on the couch and wake up in bed. I believed it was a fairy until once I woke up and Dad was carrying me. It was kind of like finding out the Easter bunny wasn't real.

Something digs at me, something left undone, but I know what it is. I get up and slide some jeans and a sweatshirt on. I've taken to leaving my keys in the pocket, so I always have them. I hate to think of how my behavior mimics that of an addict, so I don't.

He's waiting for me by the stone angels. I walk loudly, so he knows it's me. Startling him seems like a bad idea for me. I don't trust some of his instincts.

Seventeen

"What's it like to die?" I say as it sit down beside one of the angels. I drape my keys in her hand.

"I don't remember." His voice is hollow.

"Nothing? No tunnel of light or anything?" It's like I have to make everything into a joke.

"I had hypothermia. All I felt was cold." I laugh, surprised again. We stare at the stars for a few minutes. I put a blanket in the back of my car last time, and I spread it out at the angel's feet. He's still standing, which isn't unusual.

"I don't think I'll be able to come and meet with you anymore," he says, and my head snaps toward him. He isn't looking at me.

"Why?"

"There are things I need to do. Things that you can't be a part of." He stands as if he's going to leave. What the hell? I reach out like I'm going to yank him down on the blanket, but that would never happen. He's way too strong.

"Noctalis things?" It hurts my neck looking up at him.

"Yes." Of course.

"When do you think you will be done with those things?" I sound like an idiot.

"I don't know." Great answer.

"Oh." I feel stupid. It reminds me how much older he is than I am, and I don't like that.

"Goodbye, Ava." He leaves as smoothly as a ribbon sliding through my fingers. I don't know what to say, and he's gone before I can form the words. Just like that. I want to yell at him to come back. I want to run to him and hold onto him. Something smashes and I realize that he means more to me than I ever thought. A lot more.

I try to be quiet as I close the front door, but as soon as it clicks, a lamp flicks on in the living room, making me jump.

"I'm not sure how I feel about you going out in the middle of the night, Ava-Claire." My mother is on the recliner, legs crossed, her slippered foot tapping a cup of tea and a seed catalog on the table. She's been waiting for me.

"I'm sorry." We're both whispering, even though Dad's snores are audible.

"What were you doing?"

"Taking a walk." It's the best answer I can come up with.

"I'm not sure how I feel about that."

"I'm sorry," I say quickly. I'm still waiting for the yelling and the grounding, but she smiles instead.

"You know what I was thinking about?"

"What?" I'm still wary.

"Angels. Heaven. The garden of Eden." I give her a look. I hope this isn't a prelude to punishment.

"Things from The Bible?"

"Other things too. Fairies and elves and unicorns." Her voice is dreamy. I'm caught off guard. My mom isn't a dreamy person. She never read me princess stories. I'd gotten them from the library and taught myself to read them. With her I got Dr. Seuss and any book that had a garden in it. Lots of non-fiction about biology and animals and flowers. Practical stuff.

"God, what has this done to me?" She brushes her hands over her eyes and rolls them at me, as if she's embarrassed. "Here I am, talking about unicorns. I think I'd like to live in a world where unicorns existed. I never understood why you always loved those books when you were little. I was always trying to get you to read my field guides, but you just went for anything fantastical or magical. It drove me insane." She smiles and puts her hand over her face. I had no idea. I also have no idea why she isn't yelling at me for going out in the middle of the night, but I'm not going to argue.

"I didn't know."

"Of course you didn't. I never told you. I would never tell you what to read and I would never not let you read a book. I was just worried we wouldn't have anything in common. You're afraid of things like that when you're a parent. You'll learn about that someday."

Her talking like this makes me uneasy. It was like she tried to pack a bit of wisdom, something she wanted me not to forget, in everything she said. I should be writing these things down.

"I think I'm going to bed," I say. I'm not tired, but I want to go be alone to think. Or not think. It doesn't look as if she's going to ground me, so I'd just as soon forget about it.

"Goodnight, ma fleur."

"Aren't you going to bed?"

"Soon." She stares at a photograph of a bouquet of tulips in a rusty jug on the wall next to the window. I'd gotten it for her several birthdays ago. I can't remember which one. I go back upstairs, leaving her alone in the dark.

***

Ivan found me in the woods a few miles from Ava's home after they'd left for their camping trip. I was running in the woods, and then he was there. I stopped and we regarded one another. I waited for him to speak.

Ivan always wanted something. He still blamed me for something that happened nearly ninety years ago. That was what happened when you live forever. You held grudges.

He told me that I smelled strongly of someone. He didn't ask me why and I didn't explain. With Ivan, less was more. He didn't need to know about Ava. I wouldn't tell him unless I had to. I hoped it never got to that point. If there was one thing Ivan wanted, it was revenge, and he would do anything to exact it. And I owed him.

I changed the subject and watched his eyes glint as we talked about the best hunting places.

I pictured her face, those green eyes wide with terror as Ivan squeezed the life out of her. No, I wouldn't let him do it. I knew I would have to stay away from her while he was around. Perhaps forever.

I told her I had to go away, but didn't give her a reason. She wanted one, but I didn't give in.

Ivan and I ran up near the Canadian border where the trees were so thick you had to change course to not smash into them. We passed logging trucks and abandoned snowmobile camps. There was still snow in some places. I enjoyed the squish of it under my feet as we ran. I'd missed snow.

Ivan fed, but I didn't. He didn't bother asking if I want to share. We spend the next few days going along the border with the United States.

We barely spoke to one another, but kept the purity of silence.

I made one trip back to tell her I would be gone. Smelled her one last time before I ran back to Ivan.

I thought about her. She stalked my every step. Those eyes. The sharpness that simmered under the fragile surface.

It took being away from her to realize it. I hadn't thought about her that way. Now I couldn't get it out of my head. I hated it, but couldn't stop it. I told her she had power, but she didn't believe me.

Eighteen

"We should go, it's almost ten forty-five." Tex puts the last few touches on her costume. While the theme is White Trash, she can't resist covering herself in glitter, and she's covered me as well. I caved to her begging. Lack of sleep makes me such mush, I would have worn whatever she wanted me to.

I pull down my gold tube dress, wishing it covered more, and hoping that my underwear doesn't show. She's completely comfortable in her mini-skirt, fishnets and torn-up, stained tank top. Trailer Chic.

While she's busy with a last minute primp, I text Peter. I don't even know if he's going to answer. I haven't talked to him at all in several days. True to his word, he's been MIA. I've texted him here and there, but gotten nothing back.

Part of me worries that it's something I've done, but then I want to smack myself because it's so self-centered to think I could drive him away or do something that would make him that uncomfortable around me. Besides, he said it was a noctalis thing. Maybe he's a noctalis king or something and has duties he has to attend to. My phone buzzes with an incoming text.

Yes?

Oh, I hate how much my heart thumps and my hands tingle because of that one word. It's the first hint I've gotten that he's still breathing. Or whatever.

Im going 2 a party.

Oh.

I kno ur busy, but do u want to come? I send it before I can second guess myself. I look at Tex, who is trying to get her skirt to cover her butt and failing because it's too short. My hands shake a little bit as I wait for a response. I've already gotten bits of glitter in between the keys. Damn you, Tex.

Where? I fight a smile that might crack my face open.

I give him directions without hesitation, snapping my phone shut and pulling my dress down for the millionth time. God, I am reckless.

"Hey, do you mind if I invite Peter?" I look at Tex, primping her hair. She's used enough hairspray to put a decent-sized hole in the ozone layer. Hello, global warming.

"Who's Peter?"

"That guy... You know..."

She looks at me blankly. "Oh yeah," she says as she slide a lip gloss wand over her lips. "I was waiting for you to bring him up."

"I should probably warn you he's kinda weird."

"Like Dungeons and Dragons weird or I-watch-you-when-you-sleep weird?" I have no idea if he watches me sleep.

"Neither. He's more like awkward weird." I don't know how else to explain him. I fiddle with the top of my dress, trying to hike it up.

"I'll be the judge of that. If he's hot, the weirdness won't even matter." She puckers once more, checking her teeth for lip gloss.

"Okay."

Somehow we get into the car without any major wardrobe malfunctions. My hands keep sweating and I keep wiping them on my dress. I've been going through Peter withdrawal all week, which is nuts because I've only known him a few weeks. Somehow the cemetery isn't the same without him now, so I haven't been back.

Tex starts the car and I tense up immediately. My heart pounds the whole way to the party.

***

I have never seen so many cars crammed on one lawn before. I wonder what Chuck's parents will think when they come home. Would he tell them that some crazy hooligans had trashed the lawn doing donuts while he sat at home doing his homework like a good little boy?

Probably.

"So, where is this guy?" Tex says after she's extricated herself from the driver's seat with minimal underwear showage.

"I'm not sure. Hold on." My phone slips in the combination of glitter and sweat from my palms. Gross. I wipe my hands on my dress. The dress and glitter are both gold, so it doesn't show.

Where r u?

Here. I look around, squinting in the dark and cursing my feeble human vision.

And there he is, wearing the same dirty clothes and no shoes. That might be a problem. My eyes make their way back up to his face. Disappointed, I see his hair is back in his eyes. At least he's here. That's what counts. I'm ridiculously happy to see him. I kinda want to hug him, but would cut my arms off before I did. I don't have to know anything about him to know he's not a hugger.

"Hello," he says.

"Hey, Peter." The words feel awkward in my mouth. This isn't going to work. Tex pinches my shoulder, a subtle sign for an introduction.

"Peter, this is my friend Texas. Tex, this is Peter." No turning back now.

"It is nice to meet you, Texas." She looks a little stunned. I wish I could be a fly in the corner of her mind to see how she had pictured him. Obviously different than the reality. I'll have to pick her brain later to find out how different.

"It's Tex. Nice to meet you, too." She wraps her arms around herself instead of shaking his hand, which is kind of good, because he wouldn't have shaken her hand anyway. On the other hand, she's acting un-Tex like, looking oddly serious.

"I'm freezing, so I'm going in. You coming?" She's being exceptionally rude.

"Be there in a sec," I say, looking at Peter. I feel like there's something else going on here than just Tex snubbing him.

"Okay." She gives Peter a look like he's going to lunge at her, and then dashes into the pulsing house, nearly tripping in her heels.

"Sorry about that," I say, shaking my head.

"Her reaction is normal. She senses what I am." Of course he isn't offended, or at least he knows how to hide it.

"Is everyone like that? I mean, doesn't that make it hard to, um..." I don't finish. He knows what I mean.

"Not everyone is like that. She is more sensitive than most."

"So she's got, like, noctalis radar?"

"That is one way to put it." I stand there, hoping he'll say something about my costume. I shift from side to side so it sparkles in the lights from the porch.

"We should, um, go in," I say, rubbing my bare arms. It really isn't that cold out, but I don't want to stand outside. He follows me as I walk up the steps, taking my time in the heels Tex shoved on my feet. We're the same size, which means I couldn't say no to them.

"I'll warn you," I say as we walk across the porch, which shudders in time with the music blaring from inside, "Jamie's probably going to interrogate you."

"I have faced worse."

"Yeah, I bet you have." I glance at him for a second under the light, trying to figure out what Tex was so weirded out about. I did warn her that he was strange. Maybe he's stranger than I thought.

I open the door and we're blasted with noise and heat and the smell of smoke and sweat and booze. It's overwhelming. I breathe it in, wanting to drown in it. Parties always have that effect on me. I don't want to go and then I get there and don't want to leave.

"You're going to be okay, right?" I check to make sure he's not freaking out. He is unruffled, as always.

"Yes." I had hoped for something more reassuring, but he isn't a very reassuring person. Noctalis.

I look for her, but Tex has already been swallowed up in the mayhem.

"I am right behind you." I hear his voice even though the music is loud enough I can feel it pulsing in my veins. I have the instinct to grab Peter's hand so I won't lose him, but I suppress it. He sticks out, and not just due to the fact that he isn't wearing a wife beater or a Hooter's t-shirt like every other guy. The air around him is different, or something foreign seeps from his pores. It's easier to see when he's standing in a room full of human guys.

"I should have told you what to wear. It's a theme party." He stays silent as we walk into the melee. "I'm going to find Jamie." I yell so he can hear me, which is stupid. Of course he can hear me.

I thread my way through the party, finding Jamie watching a game of beer pong, as usual. He's done the cleaner version of white trash, with a white tank top and some sort-of ripped jeans. Along with some weird sunglasses and an empty beer can in a cozy that says Life's a Beach on it, he's the classiest trash I've ever seen. His eyes widen as he looks me up and down. There's a lot of skin to look at. I blush under all the glitter, wishing I felt less naked.

"Hey," he says after he's done examining me. It takes him a second to register Peter.

"Jamie, this is Peter. Peter, Jamie." I gesture to each in turn, crossing my fingers that this will go better than the Tex intro.

"Oh, hey." Jamie holds out his hand for a shake. Panicking, I try to catch Jamie's eye to tell him that's a no go, but he's staring at Peter.

"It is nice to meet you." Peter puts his hand into Jamie's. My mouth drops open. I struggle to close it as Jamie takes his hand back, frowning. I have to bite back a bunch of things I want to say to break the moment and distract Jamie. He does it for me.

"So, how did you two meet?" He examines his hand as I die a little inside.

"I spilled a soda on him at Miller's a few weeks ago." I'd come up with the story while Tex was doing my hair.

"Are you from around here?" He directs this question to Peter, looking him right in the eye. Bold.

"New York, originally," he says without so much as a blink. Jamie stands tall like he's sizing Peter up.

"What brings you to this neck of the woods?" My hands keep twitching so I hide them behind my back.

"My mother has always wanted to live in Maine." He never told me that. I wonder if it's true.

"Hey, I'm going to get a drink, you want to come with me?" I say, trying anything to end the awkward conversation. I hope Peter will take the hint.

"I'll come with you," Jamie says. Dear god, will this ever end? What the hell was I thinking?

"Have you seen Tex?" he says as we wind our way back to the kitchen.

"No, she's probably dancing." I look at the dance floor, but there is such a mishmash of people I can't pick her out. I hope she doesn't get wasted, because she's supposed to be the designated driver, and I'm terrified I'm going to crash her car.

"Do you want a drink?" I ask Peter, hoping he doesn't think I mean the blood variety. It's just a courtesy, since I need to make him look as natural as possible.

"No, thank you." His eyes stay on mine in that unnerving way he has. I'm going to kill Tex for convincing me to wear this thing. I've gotten more than a few looks and a whistle. Not that it isn't flattering, but I don't like guys I have to see on Monday in geometry thinking about me that way.

I grab a beer from the sink full of ice. Looks like I'm going to need it. Peter stands next to me, looking at all the people. It didn't even occur to me that he might want to, um, feed. That a room full of sweaty teenagers might not be the best place for someone who feeds on blood.

"Hey, J, can you come help me man?" One of Jamie's teammates, dressed in a NASCAR shirt and a Budweiser hat tipped sideways stumbles over. Probably needing help with a kegstand or something. Jamie glares at Peter, as if to issue some sort of man challenge. Peter seems immune.

"I'll see you later." He gives Peter one last glare before following his drunken buddy. I crack the top of my can and take a swig for spite as soon as he's gone. "Sorry about him, too," I say to Peter. "This was a bad idea."

"It is all right."

"How is it you're always so calm? Nothing phases you." The beer needs lime, but I can't find any.

"I have been through many things. A party is nothing different."

"I guess." I drink again. The beer zips through me, warming my blood and making my face hot. Peter and I stand in awkward silence. He seems a million miles away.

"What are you doing back here?" Tex bounces over. Her skirt is all over the place, but compared to some of the other outfits, her's is mild.

"Just getting a drink," I say, holding up my beer.

"Come on, you need to dance." Ignoring Peter, she grabs my arm and pulls me along to the next room where most of the dancers are going nuts. The music pounds, making me ache to dance. I'd missed my chance at the last party, thanks to Jamie. All I want is to move and lose myself in music and let my body do what it was made for. I miss it.

I know Peter's right behind me. I'm getting better at feeling the disturbance he causes in a room.

"You can leave if you want. I'm sorry I dragged you into this." I whisper it, but I know he'll hear. His hand skims my shoulder accidentally. Nothing Peter does is accidental.

"I will stay with you," he says in my ear. He's much closer than I thought. Goosebumps errupt on my skin.

"I'm going to be dancing." I turn to face him. Tex is already going at it, twirling in her skirt, hands in the air. I hope no one takes pictures of this. I search for his eyes. It is even harder to find them in the dark, strobe-lighted room.

"May I dance with you?" His head does that side thing, and my lungs find it hard to function for a second. He wants to what?

"Sure." What kind of dancing is he familiar with? The song changes to "Everytime We Touch," covered by a band I don't know. "Do you know how do dance?" Bodies bump into us as everyone else goes wild, lost in the fast beat.

"Show me." His head is still tipped to the side.

"You'll have to touch me." He just blinks. I'm starting to think it's the noctalis equivalent of a shrug.

Nineteen

There isn't a delicate way to dance to this music. It's going to be close and tight and I don't think he's going to like it, but he's the one who suggested it. Before I can think about how reckless this is, I take his hands and put them on my hips, turning so my back is to him. I take one shaky breath before I find the beat of the music and move my hips.

He hesitates for a human second. Then his chest is to my back and he's moving with me. Instead of being warm and sweaty, he's cool and solid. His scent is all around me. Sharp and minty, like biting into a Wintergreen Lifesaver. It clashes with the heat and sweat in the atmosphere.

He doesn't breathe in my ear, and I can't feel the pulse of his body, but he is here. I put my head back so it bumps against his chest and go faster. He follows, as if we are one person, twined together. I've never danced like this. I've danced with guys before, but this is on a whole other planet. My body heats and my skin burns with the music, with the moment, with this contact. I briefly wonder if my sparkles are rubbing of on his shirt. Doesn't matter. I can't tell if it's the beer or him that makes me feel like this.

The song ends, but we keep moving. I shouldn't be surprised that noctali have great rhythm, so we keep going until a new song clicks on. We're lost to time and space; bodies mesh around me, lights flicker. It is stuffy and hot, but I suck it in, letting it flow through me like electricity.

A sound that isn't music makes me pause. I swear it's a hiss in my ear. The hands on my hips vanish. I spin around, hoping he's okay and knowing he isn't.

"What is it?" He's still behind me, but he's far away, listening to something I can't hear.

"I need to go." He looks down at me, eyes unblinking in the smog, no visible sweat on his skin, but with my glitter everywhere. I like that something of me has rubbed off on him.

"Why?"

"I must go. I will see you later." He slips through the crowd. I reach my hand out as if I can bring him back. I'm jostled around by the rest of the enthusiastic dancers, and I can't breathe.

"I thought you told me there was nothing romantical going on," Tex yells in my ear. She's got another drink in her hand as she batters her way though the dancers.

"There wasn't," I yell back.

"Oh really? Then what was with all the brown chicken, brown cow?" Her eyes light up and she yanks me in for a hip bump. "Tell me about it later. Let's dance!" I have to laugh at her as she drags me to a free space. The music takes over me again, and I have to move. I can't stop looking over my shoulder, hoping he'll be there and wondering what the hell happened.

I dance a little longer with Tex and go to get another drink, the buzz from the first one wore off too fast.

"Your face is all red," Tex says. My ears are ringing from being so close to the speakers for so long and my voice is hoarse from having a yelled conversation with her while we were dancing.

"Is it?" I'm not sure if it's the dancing or the alcohol. Probably both.

***

Ivan took a trip to the south. He'd always had an affinity for the desert. The vastness. The emptiness. I was relieved when he left, but knew he would be back. Someday. Before he went, he warned me about the promises we made and what breaking them means. He would be all too pleased if I broke mine.

Which was why I didn't answer her messages. Somehow her desperation seeped through the blocky, emotionless letters. It was for the best.

I lasted several days without answering her until she messaged me about a party. I only considered for a moment before I messaged her back. She gave me the address and I took my shirt off, holding onto it so I wouldn't lose it.

The house wasn't hard to find. The music blared for miles, the smell of so many bodies packed into a small space so attractive and delicious, I wondered if I would be able to control myself.

She was dressed in a gold tube of material that barely covered her skin. Golden powder clung to her skin. Her green eyes reached out to me through the dark.

Mine.

The moonlight shattered over her skin and her blood pumped faster whens she saw me. The adrenaline seeped from her pores, scenting the air with her smell.

She smiled when she saw me and introduced me to her friends who sensed my otherness. She seemed confused, unaware of how unusual her reaction to me was.

The close bodies in the room and the smell of sweat drove me to distraction. I wanted all of them. If I could have, I would have ravaged the whole house. Left it littered with bottles and bodies, the stereo still pounding. Instead, I watched the glitter on her shoulders as she moved. I'd never seen so much of her skin exposed before. So many sweet places. She turned her head and I glimpsed her neck.

I asked her if she wanted to dance. So I could touch her and smell her and want her. I got a thrill out of the wanting.

I'd watched enough of the modern dancing to see how it was done, but I hesitated. I wanted to seize her, but I let her decide.

I had never let a human decide.

She took my hands and turned her back to me. The music was fast, like a racing heart. I could hear hers racing over all the others in the room. I hadn't been in a room full of people in twenty years. I kept my focus on her as I slid my hands onto her hips. It was the first time I'd touched her like that.

She cranked her hips with the beat, and I fixed mine to her back, moving with her. I lowered my head so I could smell her hair.

It was a million times better than running. It was better than flying. It was running and flying and feeding all together. There was only her and her hips and her breath and the glitter in her hair, on my hands, everywhere. She was everywhere. If I had saliva, my mouth would have watered. If I killed her than this will never happen again. Her life would be gone. That was what I wanted, more than her blood. This.

I was so lost in her, I almost didn't hear it. A sound that didn't fit with the party. It was Ivan, running through the woods a mile away. He'd followed me. A trap. I couldn't let him have her.

I told her I had to leave. Took my hands from her burning skin. Stunned, she let me go.

He was waiting for me outside and asked me why I was there. I didn't respond. He asked me if I cared about her. I was silent, because I couldn't answer that.

***

I go outside to get some air. My hips miss the feel of Peter's hands. I tell myself I'm being ridiculous. It's absolutely freezing and there are a bunch of dying cigarettes shoved in a flowerpot polluting the air, but I needed to get out of there. I walk down the porch, to the back of the house where some of the party noise is blocked and the cool air rushes through the trees that line the property.

"Ava?" I turn to find someone staring at me, illuminated by the floodlight from the porch. Blond hair, leather jacket, hiking boots. And one brown eye and one green one. Oh shit. It's him. Ivan.

My mind races to my purse, which is somewhere buried under the seat of Tex's car. My cell phone is unreachable, stuck in this insane holster-garter-thing that Tex let me borrow so I could keep it under my dress. Sooo, completely useless.

Trying to act casual, I move back toward the porch, my hand groping for the railing.

"How did you find me?" I mean, it can't have been that hard, but still. My foot in the stupid high heel bangs against the first step of the porch. It's wrap-around, so I'm still really far away from the door. Too far away, if I'm being honest.

"I smelled your scent on Peter. So I followed it." My best bet is to keep him talking and get myself back into the house. There's no way he's going to hurt me in a house full of witnesses. Right? Sweat slides down my back, making my dress damp in the night air.

"What do you want?" One step.

Silence.

Another step.

"I want you to kill Peter."

"You what?" Have I missed something about the immortal part of being a noctalis?

Man, I wish I had that pepperspray. Not that it would have saved me anyway. It's more to make me feel like I have some sort of upper hand, that I'm not a damsel in distress. No, I believe in girl power and all that.

Oh, who was I kidding? I'd let Peter rescue me, no white horse or charging required.

Someone pukes in the bushes on the other side of the house. I'm so close I can hear what song is playing inside. A girl giggles and I hear a male voice shush her as they stumble to a car. They're so drunk they'd be no help.

"How?"

"I think I'll let you figure that out. Just keep dressing like that." His eyes scrape over my body and I want to strangle Tex for making me wear this.

"Does Peter know you're here?" Maybe if he hears his name? I scream it in my head, praying that somehow he'll be able to hear me. Peter, Peter, Peter.

"Yes." He takes one step as I take one, so we're the same distance apart. All my organs turn into ice and I can't swallow.

"I've upset you," he says, amused.

I guess that emotionless noctalis thing is reserved to Peter.

He gives me a smile that sends chills through my veins.

"You may go," he says after a moment. Just like that? I take a step backwards, testing. He stands there serenely. Freedom is only a few steps away. Not wanting to fall on the steps, I turn around to ascend the rest of them, but something seizes me from behind, latching onto my neck. I thrash, making contact with someone's shoulder. I hear his voice in my ear as the air is squeezed from me by hands strong as steel bars. What is it with people strangling me?

"So fragile," he says, releasing me. I slam into the steps, trying to drag air into my lungs. I cough, holding onto my throat. The only sound I hear is my attempt at breathing, and the music. I raise my head, but he's gone.

I use my arms to get myself into a sitting position. What. Just. Happened? One minute I'm dancing with Peter in a way that makes me tingle and want him and then his brother, who I've met once, is trying to kill me. Again.

"Peter?" I don't know why I say his name. It's not like I want to see him. The traitor. He let his brother used my windpipe as one of those squeezy stress balls. Maybe they planned this all along. I close my eyes and lean on the porch railing, trying to put my scattered thoughts back together.

"Ava?" Tex's voice makes me flinch. I can't see her in my condition, but there's no way I can hide. Her steps clack against the wood as she approaches me.

Twenty

"Hey Tex," I say, smiling and coughing at the same time.

"Holy crap, are you okay?" She leans down so I can see right down her top if I want to. I close my eyes again and clear my throat, which feels like gargling with mouthwash full of broken glass.

"Yeah, I just came out for some air. I think I had one beer too many." I give a fake laugh, which tears my throat apart.

"We should get you inside." She trips herself as she tries to sit down next to me. Great, I'm going to have to drive her car. She reeks like a bewery. I wonder how much she managed to gulp down while I was getting interrogated and then strangled. Clearly plenty.

"I'm fine."

"You need a drink, come on." She grabs my arm and gets me to my shaking feet. It's the drunk leading the traumatized, but she gets me inside and onto a couch where I camp out for the next hour. She goes off every now and then, but comes back to check on me. I hide from Jamie, who would certainly have a litter of kittens if he knew what condition I'm in. I'm actually lucky Tex is as drunk as a skunk and doesn't notice my condition. I feel safer inside the house, protected by a layer of intoxicated teenagers.

I watch the party as if I'm apart from it. The people get drunker, and the dancing gets sloppier. The noise level rises and the bathrooms are full of people puking their guts out. I've had enough when a girl gets up on a table and starts taking her clothes off while screaming the lyrics to some song that no one can understand, and a guy tries to lay down in my lap.

"Ready to go?" I yell at Tex as she brings me another glass of water. Her top is askew, one bra strap hanging over her arm and she's got lip gloss smeared everywhere. I don't even want to know.

"Yeah," she says, handing me the glass and looking around, as if realizing where she is. She plops down next to me and rests her head on my shoulder.

Instead of getting louder, Tex gets quieter the more she drinks. More cuddly and emo. The last time I'd seen Jamie, he was loading a bunch of lacrosse players into the drunk van. I'd text him tomorrow.

After jumping at every shadow and voice, worried someone is finally going to follow through with strangling me, I haul Tex out to her car and push her into the passenger seat. It doesn't matter if she goes home wasted, since her parents are out at some booksellers conference and won't be back until Monday. Coby's off with their grandparents, but Tex had been allowed to stay alone. Which, considering what went on tonight, was not the best idea. Her parents honestly thought that their punishment system worked, but Tex just got craftier at fooling them. They see what they wanted to see.

"Do you want me to stay?" I say when we get to her house. She looks up at me, her hair mussed and her eyes half-closed. She's quite a mess.

"Could you?" I had a stash of clothes at her house in case of emergencies like this. Back when we were kids, she'd sometimes have me over and beg me to stay the night. Once she'd even cried because I had to go camping with my parents and couldn't stay. Plus, I'm scared to go home. I don't know if Peter or Ivan are waiting for me there.

"I just have to call my parents," I say after I get her on the couch. I get my mother and tell her that I'm staying with Tex. She sighs knowingly and tells me to call her if I need anything. I say I love her and hang up. I'm going to have a lot of explaining to do tomorrow when I do go home. I'm worried about them, but I can't see Peter or Ivan hurting my parents. They've done nothing. My logic may be twisted, but I'm going with it. Otherwise, I'm going to spend the night clutching a machete and muttering to myself.

I have to pull the curtains so I won't look out the window constantly. I also lock all the doors, as if that could stop them.

First thing, I get Tex a glass of water and some aspirin.

"Drink," I order. She does. I pull her shoes off and put a blanket on her. Even though it's warm in the house, she's shivering. She still stinks of the party, but so do I. She sets the empty glass down and closes her eyes.

"I'll be right back," I say, taking the glass, making a detour to the bathroom to pee and check my neck. It's a little red, but otherwise I'm good. I take a few aspirin myself and splash some water on my face. I look like one of those hookers they find on those cop shows. The dead kind.

"How you doing?" She looks at me, eyes bleary and doesn't answer. "I'm gonna make you something, okay?"

"Ungh." That's as good as it's going to get. I have to search the freezer, but I find some cheese in the back. Perfect. I make some nachos in the oven, checking every now and then to see how she's doing. I have to wake her up when the nachos are ready.

"Come on, you need to eat." I pull her into a sitting position so she won't choke.

"I don't want to." She slumps back over.

"Too bad." I shove a plate at her. "I'm going to shove them down your throat if I have to. You're going to thank me tomorrow." She glares at me and takes a chip. Cheese drips on her chin and down the front of her tank top, but she eats.

I help her demolish the rest of the nachos, and I think she's feeling a little bit better. That is, until she starts talking. I turn on the television so I can have something else to stare at other than how messed up and broken and sad she looks.

"I'm never going to meet anyone," she moans as I take the plate back into the kitchen. Oh, we have been down this road, too. So many times we don't even need a map. I re-fill her water glass and press it into her hand. With a wet paper towel I start getting the smeared make-up off her face. I think I'm going to need a chisel.

"Yes you are. The perfect guy is out there waiting for you." This is my standard line that I say in a soothing voice. She doesn't push me away as I wipe, the paper towel turning all different colors from the stuff on her face.

"Bullshit. That's all that fairytale crap that doesn't come true. No one is ever going to want me." I stop wiping and try to think of what I can say to make this better.

Tex made the unfortunate mistake of losing her virginity to a boy who broke up with her a week later last year. Let's just say that homecoming weekend, alcohol and a parade float were all involved. She'd been totally head-over-heels and lost all sense. It happens to the best of us. To the worst of us, too. Tex was like that. She thought you could never have too much of a good thing.

Whether it's peanut butter cups or boys, it's never enough for her. Apparently, she was too much for Blake. He had all the qualifications of perfect boyfriend material, so it should have worked out for longer than it did. I would rather have my entrails pulled out of my body with a rusty hook than admit that I think it's her fault that he broke up with her. She'd been too much for him. Clingy and Possessive had replaced Sarsaparilla and Anne as her middle names.

Thankfully, he'd graduated and gone to college in Colorado so Tex doesn't have to see him, which is a blessing. There'd also been the rumor Blake had started about Tex being bad in bed, which had pretty much died down in the year since, but people remembered things like that. They'll probably still be talking about it until we graduate next year.

"Come on Tex." I pout at her, hoping to make her laugh. This takes a lot of effort on my part. I'm not at my best.

"Blake didn't even want me."

"Tex, that was one guy, and it was two years ago. You need to move on." I squinch my nose up at her.

"But I loved him, and he didn't want me." She starts to cry. Oh, damn.

"He's a douchebag." It's time for Phase Two. Trusting she won't slit her wrists while I'm gone, I assemble the Fix-Tex kit. Ice cream, - probably not the best idea with alcohol, but still - nail polish, her old stuffed unicorn, our yearbook and her favorite movie, Breakfast at Tiffany's. The combination of objects hasn't failed me yet.

She gives me a watered-down smile when I come back with everything balanced in my arms. She knows the drill.

"Tada!"

While we watch Audrey Hepburn have lavish parties in her crappy apartment and flirt with George Peppard, aka Fred, we go through the yearbook. For some reason it makes Tex feel better when we look through it and talk about who's changed, who's gotten fat, who's gotten a bad dye job. Shallow, bitchy and horrible, but it works. So does quoting the movie, which we do pretty much the whole time.

"I'm having the mean reds," she says, pointing to the screen. "Only I don't have Tiffany's to make me feel better."

"But we have Zappos and eBay."

"True," she sighs. We stay silent for a little while. I hope she's not still obsessing over Blake.

"Ugh, I feel like shit," she says when the movie's over. Uh oh. I know that face. I scramble to follow as she lurches to the bathroom. I hold her hair and avert my eyes. Nachos do not look pretty coming up, FYI. When she's done, I wipe her face with a cloth and hand her a toothbrush. What are friends for? I spay some air freshener and sit on the tub to make sure she's done.

"Feeling better?"

"Yeah," she says around her toothbrush.

We spent the rest of the night on a reality show marathon, Tex drinking ginger ale and eating Saltines. She passes out around three a.m., and it takes me ten minutes to get her upstairs and into bed.

"Night, Tex." I close the door and realize I'm the only one awake in the dark and empty house. My original plan was to sleep in the guest room, but that doesn't seem like such a smart idea now. Given what had happened to me tonight, I'm not going to sleep alone.

Before crawling into bed with Tex, I turn on all the lights and relock all the doors and windows. I also wipe myself down with some paper towels to get off some of the glitter, and peel off my dress.

Between Tex being a horrible bed hog, and my terror of every creak and sound from the house, I don't get much sleep. I wake even earlier than I would on a weekday. Tex is still passed out, so I go to the kitchen to eat something. I make scrambled eggs and by the time Tex comes downstairs, I have a full plate.

"Good morning, sunshine," I say, beaming at her.

"Not so loud." She holds her head in both hands as if it's going to fall off. There's a lot of glitter still on her face. Her hair also looks pretty awesome.

"How you feelin'?"

"Like I got hit buy a truck." She slumps over on the counter, banging her head. "Ow."

"That's what you get." I point my spatula at her and tsk.

"Yeah, yeah. You're perfect, blah, blah, blah." She uses her hand as a mouth for the blah, blah, blah.

"I am not and you know it. I just have my limits and I stick to them." I make her a plate and put tons of salt on her eggs. She stabs some and stares at them before stuffing the fork in her mouth.

"Good?"

"Yeah," she says as she chews with her mouth open. "So what was with that guy last night?" Her mouth is still full.

"Chew and swallow before you talk, my dear." I almost asked her which guy she means, before remembering that she is unaware of the second guy, who shall remain nameless.

"Bite me. And you didn't answer the question." She goes for another forkful.

"It's complicated." She rolls her eyes. "Really, it is. I don't really know what to think." Anymore. I shudder and turn to mind the eggs. We have more than enough for the two of us, but I need something to do so I can avoid looking at her.

"It seemed pretty clear the way you were dancing." I blush to think of it and then want to slap myself. She's raising her eyebrows at me suggestively when I turn around.

"Come on, it was just dancing." I don't want to think about Peter. I don't want to think about him ever again. The traitor.

"There is no such thing. When it comes to guys, even eye contact is sex. Haven't you ever heard of eye sex?"

"What?"

"It's when you make eye contact for three consecutive seconds with someone. Like this." She puts down her fork and stares at me as she puts up one, two, three fingers.

"See?"

"See what?"

"That was eye sex. Was it good for you, baby?" She pretends to smoke a cigarette as she leans backward in her chair. She seems to have bounced back from last night's heartbreak.

"Amazing," I say, also pretending to smoke. We do that for a little while and dissolve into laughter. Being with her does help me feel better after the night before, but not for long.

So fragile. The words echo through my head and I shudder. I am, and I always will be. I've been kidding myself if I think hanging out with Peter is a good idea. It's bad, bad, bad, and it was going to end. Now. Both Peter and Ivan said I have power. How can that be?

***

He hurt her. I wanted to kill him. I'd wanted to kill him before, but this was different. I wanted him gone, wiped out. Eviscerated. But he would kill her without hesitation if he knew. Or maybe not. With Ivan, you couldn't predict what he'd do. I would not take that risk.

I hovered to make sure he left her alive. I knew he wanted her. It was impossible not to, with all that adrenaline and excitement that shot like fireworks around her, but he did not take her. Not in that way. He told her that she could destroy me, which had become more and more possible. I did not know how long he would wait before he got impatient and decided to use her as a means to an end. He had waited many years, and now had a chance.

She looked around, as if searching for me. It was all I could do not to go down, sweep her up and fly away. To Budapest or Paris or Rio de Janero. Anywhere. Such thoughts were dangerous, so I pushed them aside and watched. Ivan left her, changed his form and ran through the woods. I saw the satisfaction in his run.

Ava's friend came out and found her crumpled on the porch. She was able to stand an help her friend to the car. Texas. What an odd name for a person.

I followed them to a house that belonged to the friend. I though about sending her a message, but didn't. This modern technology lacked the means of picking out the right words to say.

We didn't have much time before things would end. It would be the end for one of us. Either she would end me, or I her. I wanted it to be me. There was nothing will stop him from going after her before that happened, and only one thing I could do to protect her until then. After that... we'd cross that bridge when we got there.

I flew to her house and landed on the roof to wait for her to come back. Short of killing her there was only one other option, and it would require a sacrifice from me, but also one from her. One I was more than willing to make to keep her safe from him for the time being.

Mine.

I did not know if she will be as willing.

She was not going to like what I needed to do, regardless of the sacrifice. I was not sure I liked it much either, but there was nothing else to be done, even if it increased the chances I was going to kill her. I would rather it be by my hand than by anyone else's.

Twenty-One

"Have a good night?" My mother gives me a knowing look as I come through the door after Tex drops me off. I pull the neck of the hoodie I borrowed from Tex up so it covers the bruises.

"Oh yeah." I roll my eyes and rub them, hands coming away with glitter and mascara. Waiting on the kitchen counter is a strong pot of earl grey tea and a plate of sugar cookies. I slump down in a chair and give her the quick and dirty version of what happened, leaving myself, Peter and Ivan out of it. I tell her about Tex and she laughs. Her skin is a little gray and she looks like she stayed up all night, but I still look worse.

"You didn't worry, did you?" I put another spoonful of sugar in my tea. At this point, it's half liquid, half sugar, but I need it.

"Of course not. You're a smart girl. I know I can trust you." I'd be a horrible person if I betrayed my cancer-stricken mother's trust. Oh, wait...

"Where's Dad?" I ask, to change the subject.

"He had to run in to the office to do some paperwork." She brushes sugar off the counter. I know she wants him to be here all the time, but would never ask him to.

"He'll be back." I give her a hug and wince. I tug the strings of the hoodie tighter, almost strangling myself. I also stole some of Tex's intense cover-up that she uses for monster zits. I hope it works on noctalis-inflicted marks.

After I've finished my tea and cookies, I say I'm going to take a shower.

"I think that's a good idea. You're getting sparkles all over my clean counter." I look down and see that I am. There's even some on the cookie plate. She comes over and gives me a hug, glitter be damned.

"I'm going to lie down," she says, giving me a tired half-smile, only one side of her mouth twitching upward.

I'm relieved when I shut the door to my room. I let my shoulders sag under the weight of everything that's happened. I can't take much more. Soon I'm going to be crushed. The tears I don't bother to stop drip down my face, grateful for release.

First things first. Shower. I throw Tex's hoodie and borrowed pants in the hamper. I'd left the dress crumpled on the floor of her room.

I turn the water on as high as it will go and scrub and scrape until my skin is red and raw. I let the water pound on my face, seep into my eyes and make me cry more. I'm glad for the background noise of the water, because I'm being quite loud. I don't turn off the water until the hot runs out and I'm shivering. The tears have stopped, but my neck hurts like hell. I wipe the steam off the bathroom mirror and examine my neck. The marks are red from the hot water, but they don't look too severe. I think I'll be able to get away with just make-up.

My phone buzzes and it's Tex asking how I'm doing. I text her back saying I'm fine and throw in a smiley for good measure.

I'm combing out my hair when there's a tapping at my window. I don't have to look up to know who it is. All I want to do is shut the curtains on him. Instead, I grab some clothes, change in the bathroom, come back in and stand by the window. He's standing on the overhang outside, wings furled, shirt off. I'm pissed and scared at the same time. He's kinda breathtaking, standing there like that.

"What do you want?" I say through the glass. I'm not opening the window.

"Please let me come in." Dear God, I'm having vampire movie flashbacks.

"So you can let your brother strangle me again? Hell, no." I cross my arms. If he wants in, there's nothing I can do to stop him. That doesn't mean I can't put up a fuss.

"Ava. You need to let me in." I'm still not opening the window.

"Can't you just come in? I thought that inviting thing was a myth." I'm playing with fire.

"It is. But I do not want to force you." He rakes a hand through his hair and I catch a glimpse of his eyes.

"I don't want to see you. Ever again." The words hurt coming out of my mouth. They are sharp and make me want to cry all over again.

They're also not true.

"Ava, please. Let me explain." I've never heard him plead before, and it isn't satisfying. It makes my stomach twist in a sick way.

"Go ahead. I can't wait to hear it." My hair drips down my back and I grab my towel to dry it. I open the window a little so I can hear him better. He moves closer, somehow keeping perfect balance.

"Ivan and I have a history. It is not a good one, and I am not going into it, but you need to listen to me." Now there's desperation in his voice. This is bigger than I thought.

I wave my hand for him to go on.

"I should have seen it coming, but I was blind. He's going to try and use you to destroy me. There are things about me that you do not know, that I cannot tell you. All I can ask is that you trust me when I say that you are in danger and I would do anything to stop it." From what Ivan said, Peter is the one in danger, but that's impossible. Ivan must have said it just to mess with me.

"So what are we doing to do?" I hate how the word 'we' just comes out of my mouth, as if 'we' are a given. My sense abandoned me back when he started begging.

"There is only one option. I would have come sooner, but I wanted to give you some time." Time to freak out and worry a little?

"I'm not going to like it, am I?" I wrap my arms around myself against the chilly air seeping through the window.

"No." Bingo.

"Why should I believe you?" I try to do what he does, look at him without blinking. Of course my eyes get all dry and I have to. So much for that.

"You don't have to. But I would not lie to you about this." He's right, and I hate him for it.

"What is it? This thing you have to do?" I move aside so he can climb in the window. My promise not to let him in wasn't even a promise. I always cave when it comes to Peter.

Somehow he slips in, even with the wings. I shake a little, being so close to him, a remnant of the fear left over from last night. I'm more aware than ever how dangerous he is.

"Are you going to kill me?" I grip the towel to stop my hands from shaking.

"No." He moves around me and goes to my night stand. The only thing on my night stand is the Swiss Army knife I'd gotten out to protect myself that second time I went to see him. I forgot it was there. This is not going well. He's going to kill me.

"You said. You said you're not going to kill me." I stutter. Facing him, I start to inch toward the door. He can outrun me, but I'm not going down without a fight.

"I am not going to kill you." He flips the knife open with a click. The next moment he lifts his wrist to his lips. "Don't watch." Of course that only makes me look closer as he bites into his wrist and blood seeps out.

"What are you doing?" I shriek and then clamp my hand over my mouth. Mom is downstairs.

"Come here, quickly." I go to him, if only because he's dripping blood on my floor. Before I can grab a tissue to staunch his wound, he grabs my wrist with his bloody hand.

"I'm sorry." He moves the knife over my own wrist and I cry out with the pain and surprise of it. I struggle, but he's too strong.

"Stop," he commands. Taking my arm, he turns it so the open wounds meet. An instant flash of cold rips through me, as if my blood has crystallized.

"Stay still." I hear his voice from far away as our blood mixes and drops onto the floor. He turns my arm upside down so his blood seeps into my wound. "Shh," he says, holding my arm so tight I can barely feel it, as if it's not my arm anymore.

"Nonono." I'm spewing nonsense, but I can't stop. I'm shaking because I'm cold and I'm scared and I don't know what's happening.

"This is the only choice. The only way." He keeps pressing and the blood loss is making me woozy. Cold burns through me. I'm crying and trying to break away and he's not saying anything and I just want it to stop and there's so much blood and Ijustwantittostop.

I must have blacked out because when I open my eyes I'm laying down on my bed. My eyeballs are sticky and hard to move, but the first thing I look at is my arm. Someone bandaged it with white gauze, but there is still a little bit of red soaking through the white. I can't move my head so my eyes search the room. I'm tucked into my bed, the covers up to my chin, but with my arm on top.

"Peter?" My voice doesn't come out the way it's supposed to. I listen, hearing only the sound of my clock, which is really loud.

"Ava." His voice comes from my bathroom, where the door is open. My stomach cramps, and I feel like I'm going to throw up, but I can't move. Then there is an arm around me and someone is dragging me to the bathroom where I do end up puking. Someone holds my hair as I heave. A Peter someone. He gets me to the sink and turns the water on.

I rinse my mouth out and he's still holding me up.

"What did you do?" my voice rasps.

"I Claimed you."

***

When I thought about losing her, it made me think back to that night so many years ago. The night my human life ended and my eternal existence began.

After the ship struck the iceberg and it was clear the ship would sink, they called for women and children only to be lowered in the lifeboats. My sisters cried and clung to my father's leg, begging to stay with him. My mother was silent, her lips forming a hard line. She hadn't spoken in quite a while, except to tell the girls to hush and to hold onto her hand. The other hand clutched at the pearl necklace she'd worn for dinner that night.

My father pulled her aside and told her that she needed to take the girls and get in the boat. She shook her head, refusing. He took her arm and dragged her toward the boats, the girls crying and fighting the whole way. One of them fell and he picked her up, shoving her into my mother's arms, but her little fingers were latched to his collar. Lucy, my youngest sister.

"Get in the boat, Princess," he said. It took my help to pry her little chubby fingers from his jacket, handing her to Mother before he gave his wife one last desperate kiss. The kind of kiss you remembered for the rest of your life, because it was the last. He stripped off his coat and wrapped it around them. His little ladies, he called them. I reached out my hand and my mother clasped it, her fingers biting at mine. I wished she could pull me into the boat with her. Her fingers held so tight it hurt, but I wanted it to hurt. I wanted pain to accompany this tearing apart of our family on this cold night. Other frantic passengers streamed around us like a raging river.

My father gripped my shoulder. This also hurt. We said some other things to each other, but they were lost in the chaos. The boat lowered over the side of the deck. I watched my mother's face until I couldn't see it anymore as the boat jerkily disappeared over the side of the deck. They were gone.

The moment after we could no longer see them, my father hugged me so tight the oxygen left my lungs, puffing into the freezing air.

"We will see them again." He said it, even though we knew it wasn't true at least in this lifetime. We knew there weren't enough boats. We knew how cold the water was, how fast hypothermia could set in. We clung to each other, jostled about by the desperate people who didn't want to die.

I swore to myself in that moment, that if I lived, I would never feel that way again. I intended to keep that promise, even though I was not alive. Promises and memories were all I had left.

After I Claimed her, I would not be free. Neither would she, but at least she'd be alive. I would do my best to keep her alive, even if it meant my end. Especially then. Keep her alive. My Ava.

Twenty-Two

"I don't know what the hell that means." He's still holding me up, but I wave him off, using the sink for support instead. If my head would stop going like a carnival ride, and my stomach would stop whirling around, I could focus on the situation. No such luck.

"It means that I will only feed from you," he says, sitting on the edge of the tub. Oh, I really don't like those words.

"Come again?" I try to stand up, but the room spins and he has to catch me so I don't smash my face against the sink. This nurse routine is freaking me out almost as much as whatever the hell he just did.

"I can only feed from you," he repeats. I hate the way he uses the word feed so casually. Um, it's my blood that's doing the feeding, if I'm understanding him right.

"How does that save me from Ivan?" Sweat runs down my face as if I've run a marathon. My heart keeps racing and slowing and my skin shifts from hot to cold. I'm a human traffic light.

"He cannot touch you now. Nor any other noctalis." I close my eyes so the room will stop spinning.

"Well, that's so reassuring, Peter. I'm so glad we got to play blood brothers. This little arrangement sounds like it's pretty awesome for you, and pretty sucky for me. Why didn't you just kill me and be done with it?" I want to shoot daggers at him with my eyes, but I'm not really in a position to do that. Words are all I've got.

"I would not have chosen it for you." He avoids the second part of my question.

"But you did. You did it without even consulting me. God, you really are going to kill me." I lean down, pressing my face into the cool stone of the sink.

"I am sorry."

"That makes me feel so much better, thank you. The least you can do is tell me what else this relationship entails."

"I don't know," he says. I blink my eyes open. The room's still spinning.

"What the hell do you mean?" I move my face so I can look at him out of the corner of my eye. He looks funny sitting on the tub. If I didn't feel so awful, I might have laughed.

"I have never done it. I only knew it could be done." So I'm an experiment. Great.

"That's just..." I clench and unclench my hands, searching for the right words. "That's just f**king fantastic." Crass, but it's the best I can come up with. Of course there's no reaction from Mr. Cool-as-a-cucumber over there. I'd love to yell at him, but my throat hurts too much.

"Can you only Claim one person at a time?" I'm trying to avoid the blood question for as long as I can, because I don't want to hear the answer.

"Yes."

"So it's not really beneficial to have only one source of food. Blood." There it is, the B word. My words feel like they're stuck in my sore throat.

"It is more of a territorial thing. If there was someone desirable, then the strongest noctalis would claim them for a time." I know what comes next.

"I'm guessing it ends badly for the human." Otherwise known as me.

"More or less."

"You are frustratingly opaque." I have to throw up again and Peter holds my hair. How sweet.

"Ava?" Dad knocks on my door as I'm washing my mouth out again.

"Yeah?" My voice is weak. Why does he choose this exact moment to be parental? Seriously?

"Are you okay?" I'm just fantastic.

"Yeah. I just don't feel that great." I look up and realize the sun is low in the sky. I must have passed out for several hours.

"Do you need anything?" Please don't come in.

"No, I'm just going to lie down. I've taken some Pepto so I should be good." Peter seems completely un-alarmed that my father could walk in and find a strange guy in my bathroom.

"Are you sure?" Oh my God, will you just go away?

"Yeah. I'll let you know if I need anything." I hear his footsteps as he walks back down the stairs.

"Why does he have to choose now to be all concerned?" I push my disgusting hair out of my face. "I need to take a shower," I say, even though my hair is still wet from the last one. My clothes reek of sweat and I've got dried blood all over me. Come to think of it, so does he, but there's no visible wound. Great, he's also got magical healing powers he didn't tell me about.

"Are you sure you can stand?" I want to give him a withering look, but I refrain. There's no way he's watching me shower.

"Yeah," I say although I'm pretty sure it's not going to happen. There's a handle, and I need a few moments alone to think. All my fury over what he's done sort of went out of me when I threw up.

"I will stay, in case you need me," he says, getting up.

"Okay," I say, because I'm glad he's going to be here, even though I haven't had the chance to figure out how I feel about what he's done to me. I just know that I don't want him to go anywhere. The minute he closes the door, I kind of want to call him back, but that's ridiculous. He's just in the next room, but I can't deny the uncomfortable feeling that I'm missing something important. That feeling you get when you realize there's a quiz in math and you've completely forgotten to study.

I don't bother to wash my hair. I just let the water pour down my skin, wishing it would wash everything way. I make sure I hold the bad arm outside of the curtain so it doesn't get wet. I have to use my other arm to hold onto the shower bar so I didn't fall. It is possibly the shortest shower of my life. So many thoughts war for control. I don't even understand some of them. I'm a swirling hurricane of sad, crazy, angry hurt feelings.

"I'm coming out, but I'm wearing a towel. You'd better turn your back," I say as I crack the door open. Relief washes over me as soon as I see him. Even with the pain and how shitty I feel, my face breaks out into a goofy smile. What is wrong with me?

I still make sure he's turned around before I come out, holding onto various objects in the room to cruise over to my dresser to grab some clothes. Getting dressed is an ordeal that takes twelve times longer than usual, but once I'm decent, I get back into bed. He hasn't moved at all.

"Peter." He turns. "What happens now?" I'm ready to hear the rest of it.

He sits on the edge of my bed. "I don't know. That is the truth, Ava. I have only heard about Claiming. I have never seen it done." He won't really look at me, which makes me want to grab his chin and hold it so he'll look me in the eye with that unblinking gaze.

"How did you even know it would work?" There's a nasty pause.

"I didn't." Getting up, he goes to the window, pressing his forehead against the glass as if he wishes he could escape. A pang of sadness and longing jolts through me. It feels foreign, like it doesn't belong to me.

I close my eyes and lay back on my bed. My emotions rage for control.

"How are you feeling?" He studies me as if he's never seen me before.

"Like there's something crawling under my skin," I say. I'm full, too full. Any moment now I'm going to overflow all over everything. "It's not very nice."

"Yes." He closes his eyes as a shudder goes through him. Earth shifting at a fault line. I've never seen him do that. The simple movement sends a similar tremor through me. This exchange of blood has done more than either of us can fathom right now.

"You feel it too?"

"I feel different." He sits down on the end of my bed.

"How?"

"I feel...." I've never seen him struggle for the right words. "I want to... Are you all right? How are you feeling?" His eyes frantically seek mine out. Reassurance.

"Am I going to become a noctalis?"

"No. You would need to ingest my blood for that to happen." That's a relief.

"I feel like I should have asked you that first off." My head starts to pound and I know I'm going to have a rager of a headache.

"Can you get me a glass of water?" He's back with it in two seconds. "Oh, and some aspirin?" He hands me two pills, our skin meeting. It's just a brief touch, but it makes my mouth dry and my stomach flutter. I want it to happen again.

I look up at his face, finding his eyes through his hair. They aren't blank like they usually are. My face blooms into a blush. Given the circumstances, it surprises me as much as anything else. Another shudder goes through him.

"Is something wrong?" His energy is frenetic. He vibrates with it, as if he's had far too much coffee. "You're not, um, hungry or whatever, are you?" Why am I bringing this up?

"No." Quickly, he glances down at me. "I only need to eat every two weeks at the most. I can go for longer." I am only momentarily relieved.

"How much do you need?"

"Not much." How much is not much?

"What if I don't want to?"

"Then I will waste away."

"Will you die?" I move closer to him. For some reason, the closer we are, the better I feel. Like we're magnets or something. What have we done?

"No."

"So you'll just be in agony." An image of myself reaching out and brushing his hair out of his face goes through me with such longing that my hand raises, as if of its own accord. I let it drop back down.

"More or less."

"I hate it when you say that. Is it more or is it less?" He considers for a moment.

"Maybe."

I thump back on my pillows. He's impossible. Was it only last night I danced with him? So close. It makes me want to hide my head under the pillow when I think about it, but the memory also makes me tingle all over in a really nice way.

I have to go to school tomorrow, see Tex and Jamie and pretend I haven't just participated in some crazy blood swap with a sort-of vampire-angel. This is going to be a nightmare.

"Ava." I open my eyes when he says my name.

"Come with me." He turns his back to me and strips off his shirt. The need to touch him overwhelms me for a second that I can't see or feel anything else. There's a rushing in my ears and I feel faint. It consumes me, but only for a second.

"Does it hurt? When they come out?" Like a five-year-old, I'm distracted when they start to emerge, small buds at first which bloom into bones and feathers that shine like black silk. Their color reminds me of those Japanese beetles my mom is always trying to eradicate from the garden.

"No."

"That's good. It would be awful if they hurt every time they came out. Like Wolverine."

"Pardon?" He turns around.

"Oh, sorry. X-men reference. Never mind." I look away from the shining feathers, distracted by them bending and warping the light into different colors. Red, indigo, purple, pearl. I reach out my hand to stroke one.

The wing I touch trembles slightly. A tremble echoes through my own body.

"Can you feel it? When I touch them?"

"Sometimes." He looks over his shoulder at me, and I'm reminded of a statue or something. It makes me think back to the broken angels that guard the mausoleum I'd met him in front of.

"Here." He picks me up with one scoop. I gasp as my skin meets his. HIs arm goes under my legs, the other around my back. My arms go around his neck to hold on. His hair tickles my hands. My fingers long to rake through it. Where his heart should beat, there is nothing. I lean my ear against his chest. He is so silent. It makes me self-conscious about my noisy body.

Where I touch him, his skin starts to warm. It's sort of waxy, like a leaf. I fight the urge to stroke his back where the wings meet flesh. Somehow he gets both of us through my window and onto the porch roof outside.

"Are you ready?"

"More or less," I say breathlessly. He walks two steps forward, wings extending to reach their full span, brushing against the velvet of the sky. I take one look at how far up we are before turning my face into his chest. I hold on for dear life as he runs down the slope of the roof and off the edge.

The air grabs at me, stealing the air from my lungs. I gasp to bring it back. His arms tighten for a second, pressing me closer. I know the ground is below us and I'm not standing on it anymore and my life is in his hands and he could just drop me and that would be the end of this Claiming thing, but I feel safe. He's strong and steady as his wings beat the air, making it rush over both of us.

"I'm okay," I say to reassure myself as much as him. We rise. Ten feet. Twenty. The world drops out from under us. It isn't a smooth a ride; every time his wings pulse, we shift a little until he gains altitude. I don't ask him where we're going. It doesn't really matter. The shingles of my roof grow smaller as we go higher. I try not to look down and instead stare at the sky as it seems to get closer. If we only flew high enough we could touch the top of it. I want to reach out my hands and try to snag a cloud or a star. It seems like something that's possible.

The road snakes below us. There are a few cars, their headlights like fireflies. Every now and then there is a glow of light from a house. Other than that it's so quiet, the only sound the wind as it rushes over us.

I close my eyes. My lips are getting chapped from the wind, but I don't care. I let everything else go. I'm flying. I'm human and I'm flying, with an angel. Sort of.

"Where would you like to go?" I hear his words echo through his chest more than from his mouth.

"Anywhere." I don't bother saying it loud. He hears me. I look up at his face. It's shaded, hard to make out in the weak light. His hair streams back. I feel like some artist should be immortalizing him on a frescoed ceiling in Italy. In this moment, he looks every bit an angel.

Time ceases to have meaning. I relax more, let myself fall into him. We pass a few towns. It is so dark and everything is unfamiliar. We rise higher, the lights blotted out by the distance. It's just us.

"I wish I could do this every day," I whisper into the air.

"It would not be special if you did it all the time."

"I guess you're right. Still. This is..."

"I know." His face isn't blank anymore. Well, he's not smiling or anything, but I feel the peace rolling through him. He's free up here. This is his sanctuary, and he's up here with me, which makes me feel like an intruder. My arms tighten around his neck. They're getting tired of holding on, but I'm not letting go.

"I'm sorry I asked you to bring me up here." He swoops in an arc, turning us around. My skin is covered in goosebumps I'm sure he can feel.

"Why?"

"Because this is your place, and now I've ruined it. Everyone should have a place that is theirs."

"I do not mind sharing this with you."

"Are you sure?" I re-adjust my grip for the thousandth time.

"Yes." He looks down at me and I meet his eyes. They sear like fire the dark. I settle back against his chest.

There is a small bump as we land back on my roof. My legs shake, so he holds me up until I get them back under me. I realize it is the longest skin to skin contact we've had. I hope it didn't make him uncomfortable. He holds me even after we get through the window.

"Are you hungry? Don't lie to me." I say. As soon as I'd gotten over being sick, my stomach cramped, just a little bit. It's gotten worse and worse, and instinct tells me what it means. I'm Peter's hunger barometer.

"Yes."

"Go ahead then." I've only been Claimed for a few hours, and already I'm willing to open a vein for him. Not good.

"I can wait." He puts me down, withdrawing as quickly as he can, like he can't get away from me fast enough.

"You gave me something. I'd like to return the favor." It's foolish, I know, and it could also kill me. I still have the glow of the flight rushing through me, and I kinda want to. Just to see, and to stop my stomach from hurting.

I turn my head to the side. They usually go for the neck, right? I stuff my shaking hands under my comforter and take a deep breath. I really hope this doesn't hurt too much.

"Are you sure?" He teeters on the edge of decision. I feel him standing on the edge of a cliff, waiting for me to tell him if he should jump.

"I trust you," I say, and close my eyes.

Twenty-Three

"Ava?"

"Hm?" My eyelids take forever to prop open. I'm warm and dazed, lying in bed with my covers piled around me like it's the middle of winter instead of April.

"Ava?" A lukewarm hand strokes my face. I lean into it. My eyes finally open all the way.

"Peter?"

"How are you feeling?" His face materializes in my line of vision. God, he's good looking. Everything feels heavy and hard to do, even blinking.

"What?" It takes a second for everything to rush back. My hand goes to my neck, but there's no wound.

"I took it from your wrist. I thought it would be easier to hide." My fingers reach out and feel the band of gauze around my left wrist where he cut me earlier. I peel the tape back. It doesn't hurt, but it looks awful, even though he's clearly washed and disinfected it.

"You didn't kill me," I say, surprised.

"No." I'm too weak to put the gauze back on, so he does it for me. I didn't know his touch could be so delicate, and how much I could love it when he touches me.

"Why?"

"I don't know." He blurs and shudders in front of my eyes. I think this is just me. I reach my non-injured hand out to him and he takes it.

"Thank you." I give his hand a squeeze as I say it.

"What are you thanking me for?"

"For not killing me. Not just for now, but for when we were flying. It would have been so easy for you to drop me and then you wouldn't have to deal with me. Don't tell me you didn't think about it."

"I didn't." I believe him. I glance at the clock, wondering what the hell time it is. Damn, I missed dinner.

"Did my parents come in?"

"Your mother did, but she didn't want to wake you. I believe she's put your dinner away until you need it." My stomach snarls. I do need something to eat, especially after my blood donation. Don't they always give you juice and cookies after those things?

"I will leave you now. Goodnight, Ava." He slips out of my hand and out the window.

"Goodnight, Peter."

I wobble to my feet; my head feels like it's floating an inch below the ceiling. I need to eat something. I also need to read up on anemia.

***

Being away from her was like ripping my arms and legs off. I almost heard the tearing sound. I did not want this, for either of us. The thread that connected us, before that night, would have been easy to sever. One snip and she would have been free. When I Claimed her, I twisted those threads together, meaning that severing one would inevitably sever the other. If she died, I would continue to be, but without her.

Along the thread, feelings came. Angryscareduncertainanxioustiredstressed. I didn't even have words for all of them. It hit me like a hammer, so many things at once that I wanted to smash my head open so they would spill out and stop plaguing me. How could she stand it?

Her heart beat fast and loud. I could almost hear the blood in each of her little veins, pounding and rolling like a river.

I wanted her blood, but I also wanted something else. To protect her from everything, including me. To cradle her and touch her skin and whisper poetry in her ear and watch her smile. I wanted her to teach me to laugh again.

On an impulse, I picked her up. Her hands twined around my neck, pressing into my skin. That alone made me want to stand there for an eternity, just feeling her touch. Let her fingers play with the hair on the back of my neck. Touch my wings.

The night enveloped us, wrapped us in its darkness. Not for the first time, part of me wished to take her away with me. Find a deserted place and live there. Would she have stopped me? I did not know. So I took her back and put her in bed.

Her scent followed me as I flew out the window. I was not going far, but she didn't know that. I wondered if she could sense my presence. Her smell stayed with me and I would carry it with me always.

***

"Oh my God, where the hell have you been? I've been texting and calling. I almost called your house and risked talking to your dad because I was so worried." Tex is yelling and it makes me want to clamp my hands over my ears. Ugh, why is she so loud? It's only eleven, but I've been passed out since Peter left.

"Okay, okay. I couldn't find my phone and then the battery died. So sue me. Although, if I ever get kidnapped, it's a good thing to know that there will be someone who alerts the police as soon as possible so they can start searching for me." Of course I mean it as a joke, but now that I'm the First National Blood Bank of Peter, who knows?

"Shut up, don't even say that. I was really worried." It's there in her voice. A day ago this would have been a major crisis. Now it is on the bottom of the things-I-need-to-worry-about list.

"I know. I'm super sorry. I'll make it up to you," I scrub my gritty eyes. Someone (probably named Peter) left a full glass of water on my night stand. I chug it and listen to Tex's irritated breathing as she makes up her mind.

"I want coffee tomorrow morning. Two sugars, no cream."

"I know how you like your coffee." Tex has been drinking coffee since she was ten.

She's silent. I want to reach my arm through the phone and use it to choke the life out of her. I instantly recoil from that thought as it's accompanied by an image of me actually doing it. I decide to try something else.

"Have you recovered from the party yet?"

"Meh. I always bounce back. I didn't say or do anything embarrassing, did I?" That's unusual. She normally remembers everything.

"Well, you ran around naked for a while and you kept screaming about how you couldn't find your banana and then you made out with a couple of guys and I don't really remember the rest."

"You are such a ho." I fake gasp.

"You don't remember?"

"I do, but you never know."

"True. You did cry a bit about him." I hear her swear softly on the other end.

"Oh god, I am so sorry. You probably wanted to punch me."

"No, it's all good. You had a little cry and then you were fine." For the most part.

"I'm sorry."

"It's no big deal, Tex." I'm on the edge. I need to get off the phone before I say something I don't mean. It's not her fault I'm in this mess.

"Listen, I'll see you tomorrow, okay?" I don't wait for a response before I hang up.

"What is wrong with me?" I say to myself. I crack open my window, letting in some cool air. Even though it's dark, I can see pretty well. Much better than I could a little while ago. Dear sweet Jesus.

If this is what's happened in just a few hours, what else can happen? I tear off my shirt and run to the bathroom mirror, scrabbling at my back to make sure I'm not sprouting wings. Panting, I lean over the sink, preparing to hurl again.

I know I'm changing, but I don't know how to stop it. I don't know what I'm changing into. It scares me, but Peter said it was the only way to get Ivan to leave me alone, and I have no reason not to believe him.

Another wave of nausea rolls through me. I heave once, but don't throw up.

There's a knock at my door that makes me get vertical. If it's Dad, I'm going to punch him. As quickly as I can, I get into bed and try to slow my breathing.

"Ava? Are you awake?" The sound of my mother's voice shatters something in me and all I want to do is cry. Curl up in a ball and feel her fingers in my hair. Pull yourself together, Ava.

"Yeah," I say, trying to make my voice sound sleepy.

"Can I come in?"

"Sure." I quickly crawl under my covers and squint my eyes a little. I'm not a very good actress.

"You slept the day away, baby." She sits on the edge of my bed and strokes my hair. I glance down to make sure my arm is covered.

"I know. I was just really tired with everything." Understatement of my life.

"Are you feeling okay?" Her fingers dance across my forehead and it feels really good. Not enough to distract me, but still.

"I'm better now. I think I had this stomach thing." I move my head so I can give her a smile.

"Okay," she says, still stroking my head. I feel like she wants to talk about something.

"Are you going to bed?"

"Not yet. I can't sleep." She looks out the window. Her eyes tell me she's exhausted, but I'm not going to argue.

"Do you want to do something?" I say. She turns from the window.

"Sure. I was thinking that the garden's looking a little sad. I feel like I haven't had the energy to work on it," she says, pushing the sleeves on her robe up.

"Do you want to? Now?" Midnight gardening isn't the craziest thing I've done in the past 24 hours, which is saying something.

"Yeah," she says.

Giggling like children, we tiptoe down the stairs and out to the little garden shed Dad made her one Mother's Day. Her energy perks me up better than a cup of coffee. I'm still weak, but feeling much better.

With my new sharper eyesight, I'm able to spot the tiniest of weeds, but I keep jumping at things in my peripheral vision. We spend the next few hours on our hands and knees yanking out dandelions and nettles. I struggle to make benign conversation.

The most vocal of all Things, Thing Two-and-a-half, rattles away in my throat, threatening to jump out of my mouth in a moment of weakness. There is absolutely no way I can tell her about it. I'm pretty sure she wouldn't see things the way Peter did about it being essential for my survival. I sigh without meaning to. Peter.

Thinking about his name sends a pang of loss through me. I miss him. Sick and twisted as it may be, it's like half of my soul or spirit has been carved out of my body. It sounds super dramatic, but that's the best way I can describe it.

"Have you figured out any of your friend issues?"

"Not really." I snort. They're low on my priority list.

"There's something else up with you," she says, looking at me sidelong. It makes me think of Peter.

She's hit the nail on the head and I have no way to get out of it, so I say, "there's this guy." Instantly, her eyes light up as I tell her what I can about Peter, which isn't much. I haven't even made up a backstory.

I keep the details to a minimum. She's silent, listening to my verbal tap dance. I weave something mildly convincing and hope she's buying it.

"We should probably go in," I say when I've run out of Peter things. I look up at the sky, which is significantly lighter than when we started. We gather up the discarded weeds and my mother's tools. I toss the weeds on the compost pile and she puts her tools away.

We can hear Dad snoring the second we open the door. She laughs softly.

"We're lucky he sleeps like the dead. Especially lately." She says it as a joke, but there's something sad in it too.

"Goodnight, ma fleur. Sweet dreams." She kisses my forehead and I pull her in for a hug. I hold her tight, breathing her in. Memorizing. Trying to bottle her up so I can keep her.

"I love you." I've been having a hard time saying it lately, which is weird because I've never had a hard time saying before. I'm just more aware than ever what it means and how many times I have left to say it.

"Love you too, baby." I freeze this image in my mind. Her with dirt under her fingernails and a tired smile on her face. Add her hair back, and a little more weight and she'd be perfect.

Twenty-Four

He stays outside my window the whole night. Not that he watches me sleep or anything, but he stays close. Close enough that I know he's there. I don't look out the window. I don't want him to know that I know that he's there. Somehow it feels embarrassing to have him babysit me.

He's not there when I wake up. I feel his absence like a hole in my chest and I hate myself for it. Mom is sleeping in, go figure and Dad left long before I woke up. Somehow I struggle into some clothes and make it to school without crashing my car.

With everything that went on in the night, I completely forget the coffee I promised Tex. She doesn't.

"I thought you were going start being a better friend," she says, crossing her arms and squinting at me. She only squints when she's mad.

"I know, I know." I rest my head against my locker. I'm so beyond tired that everything looks kinda hazy and I have to keep my eyes focused so I don't stare into space. Tex doesn't notice, or maybe she doesn't care.

"Don't know, do. I talked with Jamie this weekend." Her nails are painted a sunny yellow, but her mood is the opposite.

"And?"

"And he really needs us. Both of us." You suck, Ava, is implied.

"I'm sorry." I keep saying the same stupid words, and they don't make any difference.

"I've had it with you being sorry. I'm done. Seriously. Either you tell me what's going on with you, or I'm..." She waves her hands and sputters, trying to come up with something that she's going to do to me.

"I know. I'm sorry. More than you know. I've been a crappy friend."

"Stop telling me what you've been doing. I know. Just fix it." I open my mouth to say something, but close it. There's nothing I can say without telling her about all the Things. "Jamie really needs us and you're not there." I would love it if Ivan came right now and strangled the life out of me. It might make me feel better.

"I don't want to make you upset, but I can't take it, Ava. You're distracted and you don't call. I don't want to be a bitch, but you need to grow some balls and tell me. I'm really worried." She lowers her voice so the rest of the hallway can't hear.

"Tex." I'm going to cry.

"It also hurts me. It hurts me that there is a part of your life that you're not sharing. We've been through everything together and I feel like you're pushing me away, and I don't want that." Now she's going to cry. Her chin shakes just a little.

"I don't want that either." I try to blink the tears away, but they just keep coming. God damn them.

"Then talk to me." She's chewing on her nails, little flecks of yellow polish dot her lips.

"I can't." I stare at a dent in my locker so hard I worry it's going to burst into flames.

"I'm sorry, Ava. I've gotta go." She stares at the floor as she turns around.

"Tex." She's already gone. I lean against my locker, wiping tears from my eyes. I've screwed things up so much.

***

Jamie looks beaten when I see him at lunch. He's hunched over his pizza, guzzling some Mountain Dew. His eyes tell me he hasn't slept in a while. Tex is MIA, which isn't a surprise after our confrontation.

"Hey, James." It takes him a second to look up. When I meet his eyes, I want to stab myself with my fork for neglecting him.

"How you doin'?" He just shrugs. "Jamie. Come on." I reach out and grab his arm. He winces. "Jamie." I shake him a little, but he's still as stone.

"I'm fine, Ava. Leave me alone." I slide my chair so close I'm practically in his lap. He's not getting off that easy. This, I can try to fix.

"No, I won't. How's Cassie?"

"Fine. She's keeping the baby." He takes another swig and glances around the room. No one wants to look me in the eye today. At least he's talking to me at all, instead of avoiding me.

"That's good." It sounds like a question, because I haven't gotten a read on him yet.

"Dad says she's not having a bastard child under his roof." He taps the drink cap on the table, and I can feel his leg jumping up and down under the table.

"Oh, Jamie." I try to touch him again.

"Stop it." He stands. "I don't want anyone feeling sorry for me. Least of all you." He takes his tray and throws the whole thing in the trash, even the silverware that we're supposed to put on a conveyor belt to be washed and re-used, hunches his shoulders and walks outside. I sit for a second, wondering what my chances are at catching him with my stubby legs. Not very good. It's also starting to rain.

I decide to go for it anyway.

"Jamie! Jamie!" I don't care that I'm an idiot yelling down the hallway outside the lunch room. One of the teachers pokes her head out of her classroom, fork in hand.

"You need to go back to lunch," she says, giving me a stern look, or it's supposed to be stern. She kind of fails at it.

"I just need to get something from my locker," I say, hoping she'll buy it. Her eyes narrow and I can tell she wants to go back to whatever it is she's eating.

"Turn around and go back to lunch. We can't have students wandering the hallway willy-nilly."

"Yes, Mrs. Cremmer." I turn around as if I'm going back, but I bolt out the side door instead. It's full-on raining now. It's like a movie, with me running toward the parking lot yelling Jamie's name. There should be some sad instrumental music playing or something, and I should be moving in slow-motion.

I'm soaked by the time I make it across to the parking lot. I quickly scan for his Saab, but it's gone. I can tell it apart from the other thousands of Saab's because it has a streak of red paint on the bumper where someone hit it at a party. I stomp my foot and scream at the rain. Everything I do ends up being wrong.

I spend the rest of the day damp and pissed off. I barely notice that I can smell everything, including my geometry teacher's b.o., the pot-covered-up-with-cologne scent from Jeff Swiggett, who sits in front of me. How did Peter stand it? I mean, maybe after so many years he was immune to it, but still. I barely notice it in the morning, but by the end of the day, it's almost unbearable.

Every now and then I'd feel angry or weird or confused or stressed or something that had nothing to do with where I was and what I was doing. It gets worse as the day wears on, as if I have a split personality that someone else is using.

At one point it's an effort not to throw my math book out the window and rip my desk apart. I'm a simmering volcano, ready to blow. Strange visions accompany my bursts of anger. Disturbing visions. Ripping people's heads off, or stabbing them or watching them die in horrible ways. It freaks me out, but more than that it excites me. I am bleeped up.

"Hey baby, how was school?" Having recovered from the night before, my mother's in the kitchen making some crazy elaborate cake when I stomp in. She's been baking a lot lately. Trying to teach me as well, but I don't really have the gift for it. Not for lack of trying.

I have to pause so I don't bite her head off.

"It sucked." Two words.

"Why?"

"Tex and Jamie are mad at me." I throw my bag down in the hall and collapse on the counter, my head smacking the granite countertop. I kind of want to smash my brains out.

"Why?"

"Because I've been 'distracted' lately." I put finger quotes around the word distracted.

"I see." She puts on her oven mitts that look like lady bugs. I got them for her last Christmas. "Is it just things with me, or is it something else?"

"It's everything." I turn my face so I can watch her. I swallow hard as I watch her frail arms struggle to lift the Bundt pan out of the oven. I want to help her, but I don't want to make her feel bad. I forget about my own issues for a minute.

"How are you feeling?"

"Good." She's wearing her sassy blonde wig and she kind of looks like Marilyn Monroe crossed with Martha Stewart or something.

"Never let the sun go down on your wrath." I'm not in the mood for one of her pieces of wisdom, but I smile at her anyway.

"What are you making?"

"Blackberry Jam cake." I almost faint at the name of it. It's the most amazing cake in the history of the world. I've eaten a lot of cake, so I should know.

"What for?"

"I felt like it. I thought I'd have the girls over for lunch sometime, so I had to practice." The girls were her other teacher friends. She'd barely been in contact with them in months. I don't know what she told them, but she hasn't talked about them for a while now.

"Are you going to tell them?"

"I think it's time." Cake will make it better; that's what she's thinking. I can read it on her face.

"Are you sure? What about Aj? She's been emailing me like crazy. I don't know what to tell her anymore."

"It's time," she says again. I don't press the matter and go to crash on the couch for a while. I have a few Dad-free hours and I want to enjoy them.

I hate myself for missing Peter, but I have to get over the fact that we're connected because the only thing that's going to break it is me dying. I don't really want that to happen, so I'm stuck. I wish we'd thought this out more. Like, is Peter just going to follow me around for the rest of my life? I know I'm not going to be able to be away from him for that long. Will he just be attached to my hip for the rest of my life, assuming that I live that long?

I can't seem to regret it, though. I haven't hated having him in my life, if I'm being honest. He gives me a break from thinking about my dying mother. He understands me in a way very few people could, and that has to count for something.

There's a knock at the door. I look at Mom, wondering if she's expecting someone. She shrugs and goes back to making frosting. I haul myself up and cross my fingers it's not the religious people. I'm kind of a lost cause at this point.

"Hello." There's a Peter on my doorstep.

"You're wearing shoes." Way to point out the obvious.

"Yes. May I come in?" It's so freaky seeing him in the daytime, wearing shoes and everything.

"What are you doing here?" I'm blocking the doorway so Mom can't see him.

"I've been waiting for you." He talks softly so my mother doesn't hear. She's humming James Taylor in the kitchen. Loudly.

"How long have you been waiting?" I bite back a happy smile. Seeing him is like having the sun come out from behind the clouds. I'm warm and fuzzy and giggly all over. I feel like running through a field and weaving flower chains and eating cotton candy. It's sickening, but it feels damn good.

"All day." He's kind of twitching, as if little jolts of electricity pulse through him. I want to ask if he's okay.

"You've been hanging around waiting for me all day?" I hate how much I like the thought of that. That someone would wait all day just to see me.

"Not the entire day," he says and I think he means it as a joke. It's still hard to tell with him. I smile like a fool anyway.

"I've been waiting for you, too." He looks down at his twitching fingers as if they don't belong to him.

"How can you stand it?" His voice isn't calm.

"Stand what?" I'm not exactly sure what he means. I'm not going to say anything about the things that are happening to me. I'm still not sure what they are, exactly.

"All of it." He taps his head. "The emotions."

"What emotions?"

"The ones you're feeling right now. I'm receiving them from you, like electricity flowing through water. I don't know how you stand it." He rips his hands through his hair and I'm afraid he's going to smash the door.

"Calm down. Breathe." It's what I usually say to Tex when she's freaking out. Then I realize that he can't. "Never mind. Um, focus on something beautiful, like a beach. Hear the waves rolling in and out and imagine you're on the beach." I wave my hands over and back. It's from one of those relaxation tapes. I'd thought they were a load of crap, but it seems to be working. His eyes are closed. He isn't breathing, obviously, but he's stopped twitching so much. That has to be a good sign.

"You know this really isn't a good time," I whisper.

"Who's at the door? Mom calls. Crappity crap. I hoped I'd never have to do this. While I frantically search for an escape other than pretending Peter is a mirage or just running away, she comes out of the kitchen. Too late.

"Uh, Mom, this is Peter. Peter, this is my mother, Claire."

"Hello, Peter." She draws out the end of the hello. "It's nice to finally meet you."

"What do you mean finally?" She smirks and wipes her hands on a dish towel. I just mentioned him last night.

"I'm your mother. I see all, I know all." She narrows her eyes and scrunches her nose at me. We're ignoring Peter, but he doesn't seem to mind.

"Ava-Claire," she sighs, propping her hands on her hips. "You're being rude to Peter." I snap my eyes back on him. He's still, except for those twitchy hands.

"It is nice to meet you, Mrs. Sullivan," he finally says. She looks him up and down. Oh, I do not like that look. This cannot be happening.

"Ava said you go to Galdon Academy," she says, naming the swanky private school a half-hour from Sussex. In hindsight, I should have filled Peter in so he could corroborate, but I hadn't known he was going to show up like this. He's staring at her like he's trying to see into her soul. For all I know, he can.

"Yes," he finally says.

"How did you two meet? Ava-Claire didn't tell me." Thanks, Mom.

"It was at a party. The one where Tex took all those compromising Facebook pictures."

"Oh, yes," she says. Peter and my mother are having a staring contest.

I'm trying really hard not to look at Peter. Blushing, I remember the only time Peter and I were at a party and what we did. I wonder if he remembers.

"So, Peter came over to hang out." Maybe also to drink my blood. "You want to watch a movie?" I just want this tension to ease. I'll do anything. I finally look at Peter. He tears his eyes from my mother.

"That would be nice." Before going back to the kitchen, Mom makes sure to meet my eyes and give me a warning. Message received. He looks out the window, as if fascinated by the rain that's starting to fall. I walk into the living room, hoping he'll follow. He does.

"Do you kids need anything?" She calls.

"No, we're fine."

I search through my DVDs, looking for something I thought he might like. I really have no idea, but I know Legally Blonde, Sleepless in Seattle, and Pretty in Pink are out of the question. I'm frantic, trying to find anything that's remotely grown-up or mature or non-girly. No dice.

His smell fills my head, and I wish I could bottle it, or make it into one of those air fresheners shaped like a tree. Eau de Peter. No, it would be called something like Darkness of the Night. With a brooding picture of him with no shirt on, riding a horse or something on the advertisement.

"What kind of movies do you like?"

"I have not seen many movies. Whatever you choose is fine." I pick five boxes at random and shuffle them in my hands, fanning them out without looking at them.

"Pick one." Without breaking eye contact, he points to a box. I turn it over, relieved.

"The Wizard of Oz it is then." I'd been hoping he'd pick that one. I wondered if he could tell and that was why he chose it. My sources say yes.

"Are you sure I can't get you anything?" Mom's face peeks around the wall, cheery smile firmly in place. I really want some of the cake, but I don't want to eat it in front of Peter, since he can't have any.

"We're fine. Thanks." She gives me another glare and then a wink before going back to the kitchen where the mixer sounds a little bit later. God, what have I gotten myself into?

"You are okay, aren't you? I mean, you're not starving, right?" I whisper, since eavesdropping is not beneath my mom. He'd gotten some last night, but I knew he hadn't taken as much as he could have.

"I am fine," he says as I put the movie in. He considers before he continues, "I cannot starve. I would become weakened, and the desire to feed would get stronger until I would get it any way I could. An animal would do."

"But since you've Claimed me, you can't do that, right?"

"Correct." Shit. We're screwed.

I try not to think about it while we watch Dorothy sing about going over the rainbow. I've seen the movie so many times, I'm not paying much attention, but he's engrossed.

"That's my favorite part," I say when Dorothy opens the door after the tornado and everything's in Technicolor.

"I can see why." We lapse into silence again. Somehow having him in my house on my couch makes everything feel awkward. If we were in the cemetery, we'd have no problem. Not so much in my living room.

"I know you're supposed to love the Scarecrow, but I've always had a thing for the Tin Man." I whisper and watch his reaction.

"Why?" He doesn't take his eyes off the screen as the Tin Man sings about his missing heart.

"I don't know. Maybe I have a thing for people who think they don't have hearts when it's really the opposite." He opens his mouth as if he's going to say something and then doesn't. I feel dumb and wish I hadn't said it.

"Do you ever smile?"

"Does it bother you?" He still doesn't look away as Dorothy falls asleep in the field of poppies.

"It's kinda weird," I admit.

"It is not natural for us. To smile." I want to mention that they dyed the horses different colors using Jell-O and they kept trying to lick it off, but this doesn't feel like the right moment.

"Is that part of the humanity thing?"

"Yes. When we change, we lose all those things. Like smiling, laughing, breathing, blinking, all of it. We have to remind ourselves how to do them. If we want to blend in."

"And you don't want to."

"I do not need to. Most of the time." I've never seen someone so transfixed by a movie before.

"You could make more of an effort, around me." I didn't know it bothered me until I said it out loud.

"Would you wish me to?" Finally, he looks at me. I'm so startled I look back at the TV.

"I don't want you to do anything you don't want to."

"If you want me to smile, it is no trouble for me to try to do so. For you." The last part makes me grin like a moron, but I smother it as quick as I can. He still sees it, though.

"You don't have to do it right now. Just, you know, if you feel like it."

"I will try." His eyes go back to the screen.

"Cool."

We aren't in Kansas anymore.

Twenty-Five

"I have something to ask you." Dorothy's back at home, in black and white, surrounded by family. The music builds to a crescendo and it's all beautiful and happy.

"Go ahead." I've been silent for the rest of the movie, watching him instead of the screen, even though he's so still. This uninterrupted time to look at him in daylight is a luxury. Not that I'm staring or anything.

"About you being a noctalis and all. And the Claiming." If I can get away with both.

"You wish to tell your mother." It's a statement, not a question.

"I don't know if I can keep it from her." It's been less than a day, and I'm about ready to explode. I wouldn't insult her intelligence by thinking that she doesn't notice a difference.

"Will she believe you?" He still hasn't given me an indication of his views on the subject, which makes me nervous.

"I think she would." In reality, I have no idea. There isn't a manual for this sort of thing. I open and close the DVD box. The credits on the movie roll, and he turns his head.

"Then tell her." As simple as that?

"You're serious? Isn't there like some sort of noctalis code of silence?" I pull my knees up on the couch and prop my chin on them.

"There was, back when people believed in magic and witches and gods. Now, if you told someone you were immortal, they wouldn't believe you. If you showed them a video or a picture, they would say it was doctored. We have no reason not to tell who we wish to tell." That makes me feel kinda special.

"I guess that makes sense. Don't you worry about the government finding out about you and using you as weapons?" Peter could be a weapon of mass destruction, no doubt about that.

"You read too many science fiction novels."

I raise my chin. "It could happen."

"But it would not." He's more stubborn than I am.

"Why not?" Images of police in bullet-proof vests trying to capture Peter as a hurricane of bullets rain on him, flies through my head.

"We would not allow ourselves to be captured. One of out greatest abilities is to melt into the darkness. People also have a tendency to forget us after they have seen us. The mind rejects that which does not fit in with it's established beliefs." He sounds like a college professor.

"That sounds like a really fancy way of saying that people don't believe in magic anymore, so they reject it even when it's right in front of their faces."

"That is what I said." Only fancier, with bigger words.

"Whatever. So you're really cool with me telling her?"

"Yes. Did you think I was lying?" he asks, his head to the side. I love it when he does that. Somehow it softens him, but I don't know how.

"No, I just wanted to make absolutely sure."

"You can do what you want, Ava."

True enough.

"What about Tex? Would you mind if I told her?

Blink.

I'll take that as a no.

***

I could not stop my hands from trembling. She appeared calm, which was in opposition to the feelings that rolled off her like body heat.

I had not been afraid of anything in a long time. I supposed afraid was not the right word. I didn't know if I could take any more, but seeing her did make me feel marginally better. Perhaps better was not the word. I felt... safer? No. More content. Things were the way they should be. It also made me want to do other things. Touch her face and stare into her eyes and find out what her lips might taste like. Of course I had thought of these things before but there was an immediacy now, as if I would die if I did not do these things. It burned within me, this need to be close to her.

I did not like it.

I did like it.

I didn't know.

She looked at me differently. I wished I could crawl inside her mind to see what she thought. Was she thinking about me? I hoped she was. I couldn't tell where my feelings began and hers ended anymore. They were all muddled and twisted together and I couldn't find myself.

Her mother didn't trust me. I didn't trust me, either.

***

"Can you drive?" I decide that there's no time like the present to fix things with Tex. I also want to put off telling my mom about everything, but I don't want him to know that.

I tell Mom that Peter and I are going out. I get an eyebrow raise and a, "drive safe and be back for dinner."

We pull out of the driveway just as Dad is pulling in. I don't bother to ask Peter to duck. Dad's not paying attention to me anyway. I wonder what other sparkly thing he's brought home for her. I keep seeing shiny things appearing on her ears or around her neck that weren't there the day before.

"I am familiar with the mechanics. My brother, Viktor is fond of cars," he says.

"I've never heard you mention him much before." He blinks. Noctalis shrug.

"Well?"

"He's my next oldest brother."

"He's not like..." I don't need to say the name.

"No. We get along quite well."

"Can I meet him?"

"I don't think that would be wise."

"Why not?"

Blink.

Grr. He's doing that thing again, but I can feel through the emotional telegraph that's strung between us, there's more to it and he's keeping a lot from me. I turn on the radio and find some Celine Dion. I concentrate on him, trying to pick up his vibes. It's like tuning into radio static, only harder, because I'm part of the static.

Tex is working late, so I bring her an Irish cream cappuccino, which I know will soften her up. I add a danish, just to make sure I'm covering all my bases. I make Peter wait in the car, which seems kind of mean, but I want to talk with her without him there giving me vibes or freaking her out.

"We're closed!" Tex calls as I open the door.

"Good, that means we're alone." I walk slowly toward her, pretending to be sexy. Instead of playing along she glares at me.

"Shouldn't you be wherever it is you go, which you won't tell me about, doing whatever it is you also won't tell me?"

"I came to apologize, and I brought provisions." I hold the bag up in front of my face like a peace offering. I hope she won't throw it back at me. That cappuccino's hot.

"Bribery is a start." She open the bag and yanks out the danish. She turns it over before she bites into it. "Talk," she says around a mouthful.

"So, here's how it goes. I asked the person if it was okay to tell you, and they said yes. Whatever you think it is, it's not. It's weird. And not weird like someone who LARPs on the weekends or has a multimillion dollar Pez collection. This is big."

"Come on, now you have to tell me after building it up like that." She takes a spiteful bite of danish. At least she hadn't thrown it at me.

"Okay." I take a deep cleansing breath.

"You don't have to tell me right now," she says, backpedaling while wiping the cappuccino mustache off her upper lip. "I'm not going to torture you. I can tell that this is tearing you up. I just can't imagine what could be so crazy that you couldn't tell me. All I can think is that it's something illegal and that scares me."

"It's not illegal."

"That's good to know, because you'd look awful in orange." She licks some frosting off the danish. Man, I'm hungry.

"That is true, but it's not that, I assure you."

"Then fine, tell me if you can." The danish did it.

"You're not mad at me?"

"I'd hate to be one of those petty friends who freaks out when someone has a secret." I let out the breath I've been holding.

"And that's why I love you."

She looks scandalized."You'd better love me."

"Of course I do, I brought you a danish, didn't I?" I point to the quickly-disappearing pastry.

"You did." She smiles and gives me a kiss on the cheek. "Just don't make a habit of keeping juicy secrets. I can't stand not knowing things."

"Yeah, I'm aware."

"Don't push your luck." She finishes the danish and licks her fingers. I forgot to get her a napkin. She looks at me expectantly.

"You should probably sit down." She grabs two rolling chairs from the back office and crashes into one, swiveling from side to side.

"So this is going to sound insane. So um, you know that guy, Peter?" Her eyes light up, like she's expecting juicy gossip, like I lost my virginity or something. Oh, if only it was that.

"Yeah, and?" She waves her hands for me to go on.

"Anyway, so I've been spending a lot of time with him. There's other stuff I need to tell yo, toou."

"So tell me." She grips the edge of her seat and leans forward, as if she's going to fall out of the chair if I don't tell her.

"It's not as easy as you want it to be."

"You didn't do it, did you?"

"What? No!" My cheeks flame for a second. It's time to put an end to this.

"Peter's a vampire. Sort of." I'm going to bring him in at the end in case she doesn't believe me, but she will. I know she will.

"Yeah, okay." She rolls her eyes.

"No, seriously."

"You're screwing with me."

"No, I'm really not." I start tipping back and forth in my chair, but she grabs it so I'll stop. "He died in 1912. On the Titanic, actually, but that's not relevant." I wave it off. "So he's like, almost a hundred years old... wait, is he? That's not important." I'm really messing this up.

"He changed in 1912, and he's been alive ever since. He drinks blood, but he doesn't have to kill people. He also has wings. So he's kind of an angel, crossed with a vampire, but he's not dangerous."

Tex sits in her chair, staring at me. I've never seen quite that expression on her face. If I were to put a description on it, I'd say it was a WTF face.

"Okay, sooo not what I was expecting."

"What were you expecting?"

She throws up her hands. "I don't know! I thought he was really old and your dad would have had him arrested, I thought that maybe he had a kid or he was married or he was a criminal or you were doing drugs together. I could have dealt with all of those things. All of those things don't require me to believe in vampires." She spins the chair around a bunch of times, like she's trying to make herself dizzy. She's making me dizzy. I reach out to stop the spinning.

"Technically he's a noctalis."

"What?" She rolls her chair closer.

"He's called a noctalis. It's a mash-up of nocturnal and immortalis. It's Latin. I didn't make it up, I swear."

There's a pause while I watch her think.

"Are you going to be okay?"

"I think I need a minute. Or an hour." She looks up at the ceiling, as if it holds the answers.

"Take your time."

"So, let me get this straight, okay?" She holds up one finger. "You're hanging out with a vampire." She holds up another. "And you believed him, and now you expect me to absorb all of this. Do I have that right?"

"Pretty much." She puffs out her cheeks and lets a breath out. "Well, shut the front door."

"So you're good with this?"

"I wouldn't go that far." I think it's time for reinforcements.

"Hold on just a sec." I dash out the door before she can stop me. Suddenly, I feel like I can't do this alone. It's his secret too. I haven't even gotten into the Claiming part.

"Wait, what?" She calls after me.

Peter's sitting the car staring at me. It makes my stomach flutter and I have to stop myself from smiling.

"Can you come in with me and help explain this? I thought I could do it alone, but I need some help." What I really need is him.

"Of course." He slides out of the passenger side and takes my hand as we walk back into the bookstore. I freeze for a second, but he just keeps walking and I'm forced to move. He acts if we've done this hundreds of times, instead of this being the first. His thumb rubs against my knuckle and I forget for a second who I am and what I'm doing.

"Are you guys like, together?" Tex says as we walk in holding hands. I'm a little distracted by how nice his skin feels. Every time it's a surprise, as if I forget what it's like.

"Uh," I stutter as I try to speak.

"Yes," Peter says.

"You are?"

"We are?" Tex and I say at the same time.

"Yes." He looks down at me. No blinking.

"Well, this is all different kinds of crazy." Tex crosses her arms. I can see her out of the corner of my eye because I'm too busy staring at Peter. God, he's so beautiful. Why is this news?

"Where'd you come from?"

"I was born in New York City."

Tex flaps her hands, dismissing that.

"No, I mean you, your race or whatever you want to call it. I'm sure you didn't fall from the sky or a comet or ascended from hell. Or did you? Because that would be cool too."

"There is no one origin story agreed upon by noctali. Is there one for humans?"

"Depends on who you ask," Tex says. Yeah, that's what I said.

"No, it was no comets or hell. At least, I don't think so." I file that away.

"How do you go out in the sun?" She directs it to Peter. Of course that's the first thing she asks. I answer for him.

"That whole thing is a myth. He actually needs the sun. Like a plant."

"He needs the sun." She says it like she doesn't believe a word of it.

"Or those special lights," I say.

"Or tanning beds," he adds. I look at him, startled.

"Tanning beds, really?" I ask. He blinks. Tex clears her throat.

"He's okay with you telling me this?" She gives Peter an uneasy look.

"I am," he says, finally looking at her. We both see her tremble a little. Of course she's afraid of him.

"Did you hurt her?"

"Yes. But I don't want to do it anymore."

"So I'm supposed to be okay with this? What's done is done and we hug and hang out and I learn to live with this?" Neither of us respond. She starts pacing.

"What about the fangs?"

"No," he answers.

"Crosses and garlic?" She fires them off like bullets. I'm pretty sure she wishes she had a gun.

"Fake." This sets her tapping her chin and walking around the store. I hope she's not having some psychotic break.

"Huh. So Bram Stoker and Anne Rice had it wrong all along." She turns back around and stares, as if she's remembered we're both there.

"Pretty much," I say.

"And you don't just want her for her blood?"

"No," he says. He's still holding my hand and it makes my heart jump and do funny things that make me feel like I'm having a heart attack. He gives it a squeeze, which only makes it worse.

"Okay, I'm in. I'll take a first class ticket on the crazy train." She throws up her hands as if she's got no other choice.

"So you're okay with it?

"Ava, please. I read Interview with a Vampire when I was seven. I had a poster of Dracula in my room." It was true. She'd gone through a vampire phase. I think I'd been in my unicorn phase at that time. The two things hadn't gone well together, but we'd stayed friends anyway.

"Um, there's more."

"Dear God, don't tell me you're knocked up with a half-vampire baby." That makes me giggle. I look at Peter. His mouth twitches. It's as good as a smile for me.

"What? How am I supposed to know?" Tex slumps back into her chair.

"I think I should explain this," Peter says, letting go of my hand. It makes me want to take it back. He walks toward Tex. She freezes in her chair. He holds his hands in the air, palms facing out.

"I'm not going to hurt you."

"Sure, whatever you say." She pulls her knees up and wraps her arms around them like she's protecting herself. Her eyes are wide.

"Here," I say, putting myself between them. Without further ado, I wheel Tex's chair to one side of the room. I put myself in the other chair in the middle of the room. Peter gets the idea and stands on the other side, with me between him and Tex.

"Better?"

"The super fast thing isn't a myth, is it?"

"No, but I will not hurt anyone who matters to Ava." I fight the urge to grin like an idiot. Tex isn't impressed.

"I wish that was more comforting."

"So do I," he says.

Twenty-Six

"Shut the front door!" she says for the sixth time this evening. I'd ask her to stop saying it if it wasn't so funny. Peter takes her on a crash course on noctali, including the wings, which she makes him show her. Her eyes are so wide I'm afraid her eyeballs are going to fall out. She's taking it pretty well, especially after he shows her the wings.

"Do you all have wings? Cuz that's totally freaking awesome."

"No, we do not." Tex tries her best for an elaboration, but gets nowhere.

Then we get to the Claiming part. She's not so cool with that.

"How am I supposed to be fine with the fact that he gets to snack on you whenever he wants? I don't care if she likes you and thinks you're hot. I swear if you drain her or," she sputters, trying to think of what else he might do, "I don't know, do anything weird to her I'll kill you." He hasn't told her that she can't, but that doesn't seem to bother her in the slightest. The show of friendship is kind of endearing.

"Is there anything else I should know?" I look at Peter.

"Nope, that's pretty much it," I say.

"Then I have one more question," she says with a sly smile. I don't like the look of that smile. "Do you have any brothers?"

***

Her friend took it well. Much better than many people would have. She was loyal to Ava. I liked that in her. Texas had a sharp wit that I also found amusing. I would not mind spending time with her.

I didn't know what made me take her hand. Whether it was to comfort her or myself. I liked having something to hold onto, like a boat with an anchor in a storm. I felt as if I was about to be in the middle of a storm. I gripped her hand tighter, but released it again so I wouldn't crush her fingers. She was delicate, no matter what she said. Her spirit was the strong part of her. The human body was a fragile thing. I would protect hers. I was going to need help.

***

"There's another reason I came here. I wanted to ask you about Jamie. How's he doing? He doesn't seem to want to talk to me anymore," I say. We're all sitting closer than we were. Tex is still leery of Peter, but you can only be freaked out of your mind for so long.

"Yeah, he doesn't want to talk to me, but I just chase after him and won't leave him alone," Tex says.

"I tried chasing him too. He was gone by the time I got to the parking lot. It was very dramatic." I twist in my chair. It makes me uncomfortable that Peter's still standing. I know he doesn't get tired, but it bugs me he's standing while we're sitting. I'm not going to tell him what to do, but then he comes over and sits next to my chair. Just like that.

"How's Cassie?" I say.

"She's good. She had a fight with their dad, but instead of taking off, she went back. I think that's the first time she's done that. He didn't hit her either."

"He probably doesn't want to hurt her since she's pregnant." He's even more distracting when he's sitting next to me. Is this ever going to change?

"Ugh, I hate to think that's his reasoning."

"I know. I hate that Jamie has to stay at that house." When Jamie and I had first become friends, some of the teachers at school had been suspicious of the marks on his arms, and why he was absent so often. Social Services was called, but nothing ever came of it. I guessed that if you only hit your kid a few times that wasn't enough to do anything. There was probably some reprimand involved, but we never heard any more from it, and Jamie got better at hiding his bruises. Once he'd gotten older and bigger, his dad had stopped hitting him, but clearly that had changed. I hate to think who he'll turned his anger on when he does't have Jamie around.

"It would be great if they could get his dad out of the house. If it was just his mom and Cassie and Jamie, I think they'd be okay."

"Do you think his dad would go to rehab?"

"Hell, no. Then people would know, and the whole town would know what they know already, but he doesn't think they know."

"It's so stupid."

"It is." All of a sudden I'm exhausted, completely wiped. I just want to go to bed and have Peter on the roof watching out for me. It's not the typical vision of nighttime bliss, but it's as close as I can get.

"It's really late. I was supposed to be home a while ago," Tex says. She must be reading my mind. I give her a grateful smile and we share a best friend look. It was stupid to think that something as small as me being involved with a noctalis would damage our friendship. This is the girl who saved me from the embarrassment of peeing my pants. We can get through anything.

"It was, um, very nice to meet you Peter. I know there was that other time at the party, but I feel like this was really the first time." She smooths her skirt down, like she's not sure if she should shake his hand or something.

"It was a pleasure meeting you both times. I am glad Ava has such a loyal friend."

"So am I," I say, getting up. "I hope I didn't give you anything to think about that's going to keep you up all night."

"You know I'm an insomniac. At least tonight I have something to think about other than the glow-in-the-dark stars on my ceiling or what I'm going to have for lunch tomorrow."

"So I've done you a service?"

"Absolutely." There's a grin on her face that I don't like. Peter shrugged off the question about brothers, or rather he blinked it off and I deflected. We'll tackle that later. He sort of got into the reasons for the Claiming, but didn't mention his other brother.

He'd told me Viktor was more of a brother than Ivan, but I don't know what that means and I don't have anything to go on. He still hasn't mentioned his mother. Maybe he has mommy issues, which must be way worse when you're a noctalis.

I wave to Tex as we drive away.

"That went well," I say. His only reply is to take my hand. "Thank you."

"For what?"

"For whatever vibes you're sending me," I say.

"Vibes?" He's confused. It's about time he was the one in the dark.

"You know. I know you can feel when I'm upset, but I can feel you all the time. It's not very strong, but I can feel it more now that we're touching. You're very zenned out. It's nice."

"I am not trying to feel any particular way."

"Oh, well." I don't let go of his hand until we have to get out of the car. I shiver a little. It's cold tonight. Ugh, I still have homework to do, and dinner to eat.

We stand outside the pool of light from the porch.

"My dad's home, so I don't think you can come in. One of these days I'll have to introduce you for real, but I'd like to put that off as long as possible." Although, Mom's interrogation might be worse than his. Dad would just spend all his time glaring at Peter and trying to figure out if we've had sex yet. Yeah, I wanted to put that off as long as possible.

"You could introduce me as your boyfriend."

"Oh." I'm taken aback. His unblinking stare makes me squirm. "You wouldn't mind?"

"No." He's straightforward. It's good sometimes and others not so much.

"If you're sure."

"I've never been anyone's boyfriend." He says is casually, but it means more than that, I know.

"Never?" I feel like we're getting near sensitive territory. I feel like we should be in the cemetery for this. "You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to."

"Ava? What are you doing out there?" Dad peeks his head out the door.

"Nothing. Just looking for an earring I lost." I thank my brain for being so quick as to think of something. Peter blends into the dark so well, I'm sure Dad doesn't see him.

"I've got to go in," I say to the dark. I can still see him, even though he's hiding in shadow.

"I will see you later."

"Goodnight, Peter Mackintire."

"Goodnight, Ava Sullivan." I smile as he uses my last name. I hate walking away from him, but it has to be done. I close the door and instantly I feel empty.

I have a quiet dinner with my family. Mom keeps giving me the eye, and I try to signal back that I'll tell her later. She nods imperceptibly. Message received.

I decide to I do need to concentrate some, so I go up to my room and lock the door. I slog my way through my assignments, suckiest first. I kind of get into the groove, playing some Muse on my iPod to keep me going. It's a nice break to focus on something that isn't life threatening. When I get to the good stuff, my English homework to read Catcher in the Rye, I'm feeling good.

"Knock, knock." I fold down a the corner of my page. Normally I don't approve of folding down pages, but this copy is so battered it doesn't matter.

"Come in."

Mom looks like she's been bursting to ask all night.

"You have some explaining to do, ma fleur." She sits at the edge of my bed.

"I know," I say, rubbing my eyes with the heels of my hands.

"How old is he again?" She says it casually, but I know the answer matters.

"Eighteen."

"He seems older."

"Yeah, I know. He's an old soul." This is true.

"How did you meet again?"

"I spilled a drink on him. He made some witty remark, I said something dorky back and the rest is history." I roll my eyes.

"He's..." She struggles to come up with an adjective, "intense."

"He is that." Also true.

"Are we going to be seeing more of him?"

"Uh, yeah." Why beat around the bush?

"His family's okay with that?"

"Yeah, they're cool." Gah, I sound like a moron. "He's got two brothers." In this lifetime, I don't add.

"Parents?"

"Just a mom. His dad died." It's amazing how little I have to lie. Although, if you consider the omission of the truth as lies, then my pants should be on fire.

"Well, I hope we get a chance to get to know him better."

She strokes my hair. It feels nice, but it just reminds me of the fact that I'm not going to have this forever. I think the worst thing is not learning of your own mortality, but that of those around you. I'd rather if the world just went ahead and ended, because it won't be the same without her.

"I'd like that," I say, gazing up at her. My chest loosens some.

"Goodnight, baby."

"Night." I feel how frail she is when I hug her again. She doesn't smell the same, either. I mean, it's not like she doesn't still smell like lilac perfume and dirt and the dinner she cooked. With my added senses, I smell something different, rotten. I don't like it, because I know what it is. It's the cancer, eating away at her.

I still hold her tight. I'm not thinking about it.

"I love you."

"I love you, ma fleur."

She tucks me in like I'm a child again. For a second I almost ask her to read out loud to me like she used to, but it's been years and she looks tired. Peter's also been gone for hours and I want him to be able to come back. Even if he's lurking on the roof like some sort of beautiful gargoyle. The image of him hunched over with his wings tucked makes me want to laugh.

My mother turns off the light and softly exits the room, as if I'm a baby she's scared to wake. I wonder if she still sees me like that sometimes. Then I start to cry.

I have no idea where it comes from, but one second I'm fine and the next I'm crying into my pillow.

"Shh." Of course I don't hear him come in. He's so damn stealthy.

"Leave me alone." Okay, so it's mean, but I don't want him to see me cry again. I don't want anyone to see me cry.

"Do not be ashamed of tears."

"They're embarrassing, and they make my face all red," I say as I shake. The sobs explode out of me and I grab my pillow to muffle the sound. I can't let my parents know I'm crying. That would be the worst of the worst.

"Would you like me to hold you?" He hasn't touched me yet.

"Yeah," I sniff like a three-year-old.

He holds his arms open and I fall into them. He isn't warm, but I don't really care about that. I can do without the beating heart. I need something to hold onto so my tears don't take me away with them. He's also big enough to muffle the sound.

I don't know how long I stay there in his rigid arms. He doesn't rock me. He doesn't say anything. He just lets me go. It's exactly what I need. He lets me cry it out, dribbling snot and tears all over his shirt. I feel bad, but there's really nothing I can do about it.

Like a hurricane, it takes a while for my crying jag to blow itself out. I also probably look like I got hit by a truck, but that's beside the point.

"Can I get you a glass of water?" I nod.

"And some aspirin?" I ask.

He comes back with both and I swallow two pills. I should have asked him for the nighttime ones that make me sleep, but I wasn't thinking of that.

"Are you feeling better?"

"I probably look like crap." I wipe my hands on my face as my vanity gets the better of me.

"You look emotional." I can't tell if that is a compliment. It kinda feels like one.

"Thanks for that. Most guys would have run the other way. Girls turn ugly when they cry."

"I am not a guy." His shirt is really gross from my tears. I want to offer to wash it for him.

I give him a look. "You know what I mean."

"I know." I sigh and flop back on my pillows. What a night.

"I am so freaking tired right now." Tired in body and soul. I need to sleep for like a week to recover.

"Sleep. I will stay with you."

"That might not help me sleep."

"Then I will leave." He gets up. I try to grab his arm but he moves too fast.

"No! That wasn't what I meant. I don't know what I mean anymore. I think I just need to stop thinking and talking." I'm having trouble finding the words I want to say.

"Don't worry. You're safe." He brushes back some of my hair with his finger. I feel a little bit of something from him, which reminds me that he can feel my emotions, too.

"Oh my God, did you suck in all my stupid emotions?" I sit up again.

"Yes."

"I am so freaking sorry. You shouldn't have touched me."

"It made me feel alive. I am not sorry to carry some of your grief for you. It is more than enough for one person." I open my mouth to protest, but he puts his finger to my lips.

"Less talk. More sleep." To the point. I roll my eyes and sink back down.

"Goodnight, Ava."

"Goodnight, Peter."

***

It overwhelmed me, this grief. It brought back the memory of my own, even though it was dulled and tarnished with time. Hers was raw and fresh. There was beauty in it, but I didn't mention that to her. As far as she was concerned, her world was ending. I would not be the one to tell her that it wasn't true. The world would still turn when she lost her mother, even if she didn't want it to. I understood that all too well.

I enjoyed holding her. Other than the dancing and flying, it was the most prolonged contact we'd had. It reminded me of the dancing, but only in intensity. I wished I could put the moment in a jar and keep it, like a winking firefly. To remind me that moments like that can exist for me. I could have some sort of existence, even if I didn't deserve it.

I couldn't leave her. Not even to go out on the roof. I needed to be in the same room with her; surrounded by her air and her heartbeat. I hoped it didn't bother her. I tried to stay quiet. To not infringe. I had not bathed in some time and wondered if I should use her shower. It was also strange for me not to hunger. I did not take much of her blood, but what I did take sustained me. It might have been one of the side effects of the Claiming. I needed someone to speak to about it. Normally, I prided myself on my own resourcefulness, but I didn't want to take chances where she was concerned.

Her eyes fluttered as she tried to keep them open. So stubborn. I told her she was reckless, but she was just as stubborn. It made me want to smile, but my face still didn't know how. She said she would teach me. Maybe tomorrow.

After she went to sleep, I used her computer to send Viktor an e-mail about everything, asking for advice. He'd showed me how several years ago, and I'd seen Ava do it enough times to figure out how to log into her email program. I hadn't had contact with my kind in years, but I knew he checked his messages regularly. He would like her, I was sure of it.

***

"What are you doing?" I say, rolling over on my side. He's sitting on my floor, legs crossed, shirt off, wings out, reading. My night vision isn't good enough to see the title, but I recognize the cover. "Harry Potter? For real?"

"I was curious." He doesn't look up from the book. I notice he's reading the second in the series.

"I have the first one on the shelf." I run my hand through my hair and get it caught.

"I read it."

"You read it? What time is it?" I lean over and look at the clock. It's only 11:50. "You read an entire Harry Potter book in less than an hour?"

"I'm a fast reader." I watch as he turns a page. I squint at him in the dark. He turns another page. Huh. I guess he is a fast reader. That's pretty cool.

"You should go back to sleep." He turns another page. I want to ask him how he liked the first book, but I feel like kind of a dork. I have no idea why he picked that, of all books, to read.

"Do you like it?" What the hell? I'm giving him my blood. I shouldn't be embarrassed about something like this.

"Yes." Another page.

"I remember when they first got big. I made my mother take me to a midnight release party to get the newest book. I can't believe she took me, but she did. We drank tons of soda to stay up and in the morning she made me pancakes. Even though I had to go to school and she had to go to work, it was totally worth it."

"You are lucky to have a mother like that."

"I am." I won't be having her for much longer. That takes me back to my crying episode. My head still hurts and my throat is parched. I get my feet under me and fetch another glass of water. He's still in the same position when I get back.

"What's with the wings?"

"I flew for a while when you were sleeping."

"Was it nice?"

"Yes." He turns another page. His presence is so calming, and the sound of pages turning is like a lullaby. A weird one, but still. I crawl back under the covers and try to go back to sleep. The last thing I remember is the sound of the pages turning.

He's gone when I wake up in the morning. My Harry Potter books are stacked up on the floor. All seven of them. There's no way he read them all. I shake my head as I drag myself out of bed.

I've got about a million texts I missed from Tex. Seems like we've made up now she's in on Thing Two and Thing-Two-and-a-half. About a third of them are questions about Peter's brother. Maybe I shouldn't have told her, or I should have killed her shortly after or had Peter do his scary-noctalis-thing and freaked her into silence. Too late now.

Twenty-Seven

"So he's like, old enough to be your great-grandfather. I should start calling you jailbait." Tex has definitely come around to the whole Peter thing, except for the age difference. She's totally cool with the blood drinking, but not the fact that he could have grown up with my great-grandfather. I really don't like thinking about that.

"Will you stop? This isn't a normal situation." I chug a can of soda. I hate relying on caffeine, but I have to stay awake. Tex attacks a bar of chocolate like she's a caveman gnawing on a mastodon bone.

"Does he have pictures of kids on his computer?"

"He doesn't have a computer. He doesn't even have a house!" My temperature is rising.

"Where does he live?"

"I have absolutely no idea." It hasn't really occurred to me. It probably should have before now. Like way before now. I guess I figured because he doesn't sleep, he doesn't need a bed. Therefore, he doesn't need a house. I've never seen him with stuff. I get out my phone to remedy the situation.

Where do u live? I never asked.

Nowhere. Everywhere.

Where do you keep your stuff?

I'll meet you at your car later. I can show you.

My stomach leaps a little. He's been close all day. I hope he's found a way to occupy himself. I hate to think of him sitting in the parking lot or hanging out down at the railroad tracks with the dope heads. Maybe he's really into Sudoku. Who knows?

"Hey, over here!" Tex snaps her fingers right in front of my face. I slap her hand away.

"Yes, Texas Anne, I see you."

"Don't call me that." Her finger points back in my face. "Only my mother calls me that. You know how much I hate it."

"Yeah, I know." Of course I'm the one who caves. I always cave, especially when it comes to Tex. Her personality is too strong.

"I'm just looking out for your best interest."

"I know, I know."

"Does anyone else know about this?" She looks around as if someone else might pop up.

"Just you." I crumple up my chip bag and toss it in the trash. "I think I'm going to tell my mom."

Tex ceases her chocolate massacre. "You're going to tell your mom?" she says.

"Why not?"

"This just keeps getting weirder." The bell rings, but we don't move.

"Curiouser and curiouser." I quote Alice in Wonderland. I've definitely fallen down the rabbit hole.

"What?"

"Nothing."

***

My face breaks out into a huge smile that makes my cheeks hurt when I see Peter leaning on my car. The first thing I notice are his shoes. Birkenstocks. He must have swiped them from somewhere. I make a mental note to ask.

"Hey."

"Well hello again." I forgot Tex was behind me.

"Hello, Ava. Texas." He nods at her. She smirks back at him. She's unbearable when she knows a secret. I'd forgotten how awful it is.

"What are you two lovebirds up to?" Her eyebrows are doing this up and down thing that I don't remember her face ever doing. What is wrong with her?

"Nothing. Ready to go?" I give him a look and try to send him some vibes.

"Yes. Would you excuse us?" I never knew he could be so polite, but they were like that back in the old days. Must be some relic of his past life. I squint at him, sending him a question mark.

"Call me later." Tex pinches my arm, hard. I'm forced to look at her and she winks at me. I'm starting to think it was a bad idea telling her.

"Okay," I say, giving her a thumbs up. She prances off to her own car.

"I am sorry about that. I don't know who that is, but she's stolen my best friend's body." I shake my head at him and we get in the car.

"So what did you do today?"

"Ran."

"Around the school? All day?"

"Yes." I wait for him to elaborate, but in true Peter fashion, he doesn't.

"Whatever floats your boat," I say, leading the way to my car.

Peter directs me to one of the most remote parts of Sussex. There are only trails and places for hunters and old houses that no one cares about anymore. It's supposed to be one of the most haunted places in town, and I don't doubt it. It's kind of ironic, then, that he's taking me here.

"This isn't some ploy to get me alone in the woods so you can have a snack, is it?"

"No."

"Thanks for the reassurance."

"I will not harm you." Define harm. Using me as a blood slushie machine might qualify as harm for most people. I try to find his eyes under his hair. It's always like a scavenger hunt until I find them.

I'll totally let him have whatever he wants, if he asks for it. My face goes red thinking about it.

"I'm sorry. That was mean. I know you won't hurt me. You wouldn't have done this whole thing if you didn't have to."

"No. I would not." He points to a ditch in the road where you can sort of park a car.

"Where are we going?"

"For a walk." This time he comes around the car and opens the door for me. Such service. He takes my hand as soon as I get out of the car. It makes me feel all gooey and mushy inside, and a little rush runs through me. It's like being on drugs. He makes my brain explode like fireworks.

We walk quietly, enjoying the afternoon. I do feel a little guilty for not going home and checking off the next thing on my mother's list, balancing my checkbook and paying bills, but I need a break, if only for a few hours. It's like therapy, only cheaper. All it requires is a little blood donation. Speaking of that...

"Are you hungry? I know you said you only drink every two weeks, but I don't want you to suffer. You can take some. If you want."

"I am fine. Thank you."

"Just let me know. My veins are at your service."

I had a teacher in third grade that called my parents in for a conference once. She was one of those people who had taken a few classes at the community college and fancied herself a psychologist. She said that I used humor to deal with difficult situations and recommended some weird therapy. My mother laughed. Dad kind of sided with the teacher until Mom talked him around. He always sided with her, even before the cancer, kind of like a sheep that needed to be led. But hey, my humor had gotten me through a lot. Someone had to find it in this situation.

Peter is attentive, holding branches so they won't whack me in the face, and guiding me around tree roots. He's taking this potential boyfriend thing seriously. Maybe he's just practicing. It's nice, whatever it is.

We go so far in that the only noises are from the birds and the wind rushing through the leaves. I can't even hear the road. The air has a moist quality to it, like it's part plant part earth. I breathe it in.

"Wait here." He stops just before one of the biggest trees I've ever seen. I have no idea what kind it is. I never really paid attention in biology class. My mother would know. If Peter and I each went on one side and hugged the tree with our arms out, we wouldn't encompass the trunk. It's not tall, but it's large. He goes around the other side and comes back holding a huge trunk. If he wasn't so strong, he would have had to drag it. It's one of those old foot lockers, covered in rust. I can't even tell what color it used to be. He sets it down and pulls out a key from his pocket.

"This is where you keep your stuff?"

"I've always kept it here, near my family," he says.

"Your family?" I ask.

"Yes. They are buried in the mausoleum. The Mackintires were originally from Sussex."

"Oh, wow." Why hadn't he every told me that? "It's really old," I say, brushing the rusty hinges.

"It was my father's." He cracks open the top and I lean over. This is Peter's life, and he's showing it to me.

Everything inside is wrapped in plastic, probably to prevent moisture. He pulls off several layers and lays them out on the ground. Then he unpacks his history.

"Is this your mother?" I hold up a faded sepia-tinted photograph of a woman in a high-collared dress.

"Yes." She's stunning, with those tilted eyes that he shares, except hers look brown.

"Wow." I look from him to the photograph. "You have her eyes."

"I know."

"Where was she from?"

"Japan. She was adopted by an American man who traveled there with his wife. They found her in the street and brought her home with them." I know I keep saying wow, but really.

"Wow."

He brings out more things. A pair of gloves, a pocket watch. A few books. A string of pearls. A jumprope. Three wooden dolls with lips painted red. Their dresses are a little stained and have moth holes, but their faces are bright with the paint.

"Is this you?" He lays out another photograph. I recognize his mother, and a man who must be his father with his hand on her shoulder. There are three little girls, one on her lap, one on a chair and one sitting on the floor, and what looks like a younger Peter. His hair is slicked back from his face, but I'd know those eyes anywhere. Everyone looks stiff, kind of like those posed family portraits from Sears. Only obviously not, since they didn't have those back then.

"You look different."

"I was sixteen when we took that. There are my sisters, Celia and Constance and Lucy."

"What happened to them?" I look at the three little girls, all in dark curls, except for the baby, Lucy, who was blonde. They all had full cheeks like apples. Totally adorable.

"My mother took them back to New York. I used to check in with them every few years. Without their knowledge, of course. I'd watch from outside the apartment. My father had left them some money in life insurance, and they got a good payment from the White Star Line. She had enough for them to live on and she taught piano for extra income. She had wonderful fingers." He looks down at his own. I've noticed his fingers. They look like piano-playing fingers.

"My sisters grew up and married, had children. I've followed them here and there. Some of their grandchildren still live in upstate New York." So creepy, thinking about the fact that he had grand nieces and nephews. I put the photograph aside. There were a few other trinkets, some coins, jewelry.

"Thank you." I take his hand. It's cool, like leaves in the shade. I want to know more about his family, but this is not the time to ask.

"You are welcome."

We put the items back in the trunk, one by one. The photograph is last. I put it on the top. The record of a life that was. He closes the top and locks it again, and hands me the key.

"What are you doing?"

"I want you to have it. To keep it safe."

"What?" I stared from the key to his face and back.

"I need a place to keep this safe. I want you to be the one to take care of it." He holds my hand with both of his. Cradling it like a baby bird.

"Wow, that's... really trusting." I stare down at our hands. "That was your mother's book, you gave me, wasn't it?"

"I trust you, Ava," he says, not answering my question. He doesn't have to.

"Yeah, I know." My fingers flutter closed over the key. It's an exchange. I'm trusting him with my life when it comes to the Claiming. Now he's showing me that he feels the same way. I mean, if we had a fight or something I could rip up the photographs and sell the pearls and coins on eBay. That's the thing, though. He knows I won't. A life for a life.

"Thank you. Again. I feel like I've been saying it a lot." He looks at my face and then looks up, as if he's heard something in the woods. I follow the direction of his eyes. Even with my new and improved eyesight, it takes me a few seconds to make out something coming out of the trees. I grab onto Peter. What the hell is it?

Peter isn't alarmed. Actually, he straightens up and tries to extricate himself from my clutches. The thing comes closer. It's shaped like a man, but with claws instead of hands and feet. It sort of reminds me of a wolf. The face is hairy, but human-looking. It's like a weird half-and-half thing. It's also wearing khakis.

Then it morphs back into what looks like a tall blond man, with one brown eye and one gray one. Damn, he's tall.

"Ava, this is Viktor. My brother." Viktor steps forward, holding out his hand, but pulls it back. I want to glare at Peter for not giving me a little notice that we were doing this, but I'm still too stunned.

"It is a pleasure to meet you, Ava." His accent is seriously awesome. Russian, maybe? He should be standing in the snow with a huge furry hat in front of the Kremlin.

"Nice to meet you." It hurts my neck to look up at him. He looks older than Peter. I'd say probably twenty-five when he turned. He's a fine specimen of man. Anyone could see that.

"Sooo..." I said, unsure of what to talk about. Had any good blood lately? didn't seem like an option.

"Peter has told me a lot about you."

"He hasn't really told me anything about you." He doesn't look shocked by my bluntness, but then, noctali don't get shocked.

"I should have told you he was coming." Peter says. No shit, Sherlock.

"Yeah, a little warning would have been nice." Then I wouldn't be standing here, gaping at him like an idiot. It seems a little too coincidental that he shows up just after the Claiming, but I can't ask Peter about it with Viktor standing there. So, I'm in the dark. What a surprise.

"Shall we sit?" He gestures to the ground.

"Sure." I think it's going to be awkward, but it isn't. We all sit under the tree and Viktor talks in his lovely accent about Russia and how he loves the cold and snow and barren landscape. It's a strange conversation, but I'm not uncomfortable. There's something pleasant about Viktor. He reminds me of Peter that way. He doesn't talk much, but the words he uses are carefully chosen. It's like listening to a living poem. He doesn't ask about the Claiming, or who I am or anything like that.

"I'm sorry if this is super rude, but why are you here?" He looks at me without blinking for almost a minute. Then his eyes flick to Peter.

"My brother asked for my help. So I came."

"Just like that?"

"Yes."

"Oh. That's really nice." I look down at my lap, embarrassed. "Has he told you about everything?"

"Yes." I wait for him to elaborate, but he doesn't. I look up to find him having a wordless, motionless conversation with Peter, like they're trading thoughts via telepathy. It's both really creepy and really cool at the same time.

"You know the promise you made," Viktor says to Peter.

"Yes," Peter says.

"She will destroy her before it happens. You know that."

"It won't happen. I won't let it get that far." They're talking in a code I don't understand, but the tension is so thick, I don't dare interrupt. The only sound is my own breathing and the rustling of the trees. I hear a squirrel digging around for food. My hearing is so much better, yet they are still so silent.

"It already has," Viktor says, looking at me. I flinch. It is not a nice look.

"We should go," Peter says, drifting to his feet. I scramble up beside him. Viktor remains sitting.

"Be careful, Ava," Viktor says to me.

"With what?" I ask. He meets Peter's eyes.

"I hope she's worth it." Without another word, he's around the other side of the tree and gone.

"What the hell was that?" I look to Peter for answers. Of course he doesn't give me any.

"Nothing."

Twenty-Eight

There's a note on the kitchen table that Dad took my mother to a doctor's appointment. It makes my heart seize up for a second. No, I will not be negative. I shove it to the back of my mind and focus on something else. Food. I'm absolutely ravenous.

I make grilled cheese because it's the quickest. Peter watches me as if I'm doing something fascinating. When I finally flip the sandwich out of the pan and onto the plate, I'm hungry enough to eat the pan. I don't bother sitting down because I hate when he's the only one standing so I lean against the counter.

"I know you don't understand the power of melted cheese, but it's, like, really good." I speak around a mouthful. I'd put three times as much cheese as I normally did. Heaven.

"I can imagine."

"Can you?"

"Not really." Blink.

"What does blood taste like? You don't have to answer if it's too personal a question." I'm not going to ask how mine tastes.

"I did not think you would want to know."

"Sure. Why not?" I shrug.

"I cannot really describe it, but it is like you would die if you didn't have more. Like you wish it would last forever so you could have one more taste."

"I had cheesecake like that once. Earth-shattering cheesecake," I say.

"You are not put off by this topic of conversation?"

"Not really. You are who you are, you know? Who am I to judge?" I lick my fingers to get the last of the butter. I'm sure he's grossed out, but I was starving.

"That is very understanding of you."

"Thanks."

I wash my plate and wonder what we're going to do with ourselves. The house is so quiet.

"What is it?" He catches me looking at him.

"Just thinking," I say.

"I am not familiar with this look on your face."

"It's my plotting face."

"What are you plotting?" he asks.

"Wait here for a second." I run upstairs. This is going to be fun.

***

"You look like a serial killer in a mugshot," I say.

"How is this?"

"Now you look like you're trying to lure children into your van with promises of lollipops and puppies." He holds the mirror up and tries again. His lips pull up in a weird way. I pushed his hair out of his face, and my fingers had a field day. I could have done that all day long, but we have important matters at hand.

"And now you look like you're in pain. It should be natural. It's easier if you just let it happen." I'm trying to teach Peter how to smile. It is not going well. Smiling doesn't sit well on his face. It makes him look crazy. For some reason, he can't make the expression reach his eyes.

"You need to think about something happy. Close your eyes." He obeys. "Okay, now think of the happiest thing you can. Are you doing that?" He opens his eyes.

"You're supposed to keep your eyes closed," I say. I'm having a hard time talking because he's really close. There's a freckle on his nose that I don't remember noticing.

"Then I can't look at you," he says.

"Why do you need to look at me?" God, he smells good. His clothes are much cleaner than when we first met, and he's wearing shoes. He's almost a proper human now.

"Because you're what makes me want to smile."

"Oh." Way to make my face go red. I bite my lip and look down to hide my smile. Nobody's ever talked to me like this. Somehow I feel like without saying it out loud, he is my boyfriend. Somehow.

"Look at me," he says. I turn my eyes upward and there it is. It's small, barely a lift in the corners of his mouth, but it's there, and it's heartstopping. Damn, he's gorgeous. So freaking gorgeous.

I'm on those lips like white in rice.

For a second it's like kissing a tree or something, but then he gives and my brain's exploding and my mouth and nose are filled with wintergreen and heat and I want to be consumed by it and nothing else matters at this moment in time.

Peter, Peter, Peter.

"Ava." He whispers my name, and it's suddenly the sexiest word in the English language. I open my eyes and I'm staring into his. He's smiling. Breathtaking.

"You're smiling." I helpfully point out.

"I know."

"It makes me really want to kiss you again."

"I know."

So we kiss again, and again. It's like being in the middle of a blizzard with fireworks thrown in. His lips have that slightly waxy texture, but they're soft and take on the heat of my own lips.

He pulls away. I open my eyes and wish his breathing were ragged, his body on fire. I know mine is.

I've kissed boys before, during Spin-the-Bottle sessions and once at a dance I'd been attack-kissed, but that is all washed away by Peter. Maybe he spent all those years of noctalis life practicing kissing. Wouldn't surprise me. I reach for him again.

"We should stop. You parents are just up the road."

"Uh huh." I feel like my brain has temporarily gone on autopilot.

"I should go. For now. But I will be back."

"Okay." He's gone a second later and I'm left sitting on the couch, feeling my lips sizzle.

***

She kissed me. It was unexpected. Even though I felt a bit of her desire, it was hard to tell it apart from what I felt. We were both wrapped up in some sort of haze that consumed us. I should have pushed her back, but I didn't want to. I needed it as much as she did. Some form of human contact. Once I'd had a little, I need more. Before her, the kill was what I needed. The hunt. The feel of the drain of life out from under me. It was not unlike this rush. Instead of death, this tasted of life. Of a different desire. In some ways, this was stronger. It was also desire that could never be satisfied. I could never have enough of her. Not if we spent every single second together.

I had to leave and it was terrible. The more time I spent with her, the more I never wanted to leave, and the harder it was for me to even want to. The feeling of being full, so full I could burst swooped over me, and I knew that this was it. My end. A car sounded up the road. I used the sound to pull me out from under the haze. I also heard another sound. Viktor was waiting in the woods.

***

"How did it go?" I say. My brain is still a little fried from the kiss. My parents arrive through the front door about sixty seconds after Peter left.

"Everything looks good. No change," Mom says. I wouldn't say that was good, but I smile anyway. I'm still dazed. Everything has kind of a rosy glow around it. God, I'm kind of high.

"I think I'm going to lie down for a little while. They took a little too much blood out of me." Please don't remind me about blood. I give her a hug and a kiss and she drifts down the hall. Dad's still bringing in groceries.

"How was it?" I say when he comes back in.

"The same. She's not getting worse, which is good. She's stable for now. They could have done more tests, but I wasn't going to push her. There's no point, really." He says the last part bitterly. I can tell he's been stewing on it all the way home. He slams the milk into the fridge.

"It's okay to be mad," I say quietly.

"I'm not mad," he says, slamming the fridge. Instead of arguing with him, I walk over and put my arms around his waist, like I did when I was little. I haven't hugged him like this in a very long time. He's shaking and I look up to find his crumpled face. He's crying. Silently, but there's no mistaking it.

He starts to collapse and we both slam to the kitchen floor. He's barely making any sound, which is much worse than the sobbing sound I should be hearing. There's nothing I can do as he holds me so tight it hurts.

"It's okay, Dad." I say it quiet, so she won't hear. "It's going to be okay." I'm more than a little freaked out that I'm on our kitchen floor trying to comfort a grown man, let alone my father. When there's really nothing I can say or do to make it better. I'm in just as much pain. He's been holding it in too long, but this can't be the first time he's let go.

"I can't lose her." The words rip from him like tearing fabric.

"I know." I pat his back. It seems like the right thing to do. Over and over he says it. I can't lose her. Yeah, well, me neither. My own tears come, try as I might to stop them. I have to keep wiping them away. It takes a few minutes, but he gets ahold of himself. Once he's done shaking, he extricates himself from me and stands up as if nothing happened.

"Don't tell your mother," he says before he walks out the door. I swallow the rest of my own tears and go to wash my face with some cool water. My life is bipolar. One minute I'm flying on a cloud, kissing Peter and the next, my father is sobbing on my shoulder. I like the ups, but I could do without the downs. I guess you have to have both, though to balance things out and all. Or maybe I get the highs because of the lows. Or maybe... I'm thinking too much about this.

My phone buzzes. Yay, a distraction.

Where the hell r u? Did u die? Of course Tex is melodramatic. I almost don't want to answer her, just for the hell of it. I can't really deal with her right now. I've got bigger problems.

At home. Dealing with a lot. C u tomorrow.

Exhaustion crashes in on me, and even though it's only 7:30, I'm ready for bed. I look in on my mother, but she's asleep and I don't want to wake her. Dad is outside, still supposedly getting the groceries. I should check on him, but I don't want to. Color me selfish.

I barely have time to get my clothes off before I'm completely out. The last thing I remember is someone pulling a blanket over me, but I'm too tired to see who it is.

Twenty-Nine

"Did you meet the brother? Did you?" Tex bounces up and down like a child waiting for a pony ride.

"Yeah. He's cool." I don't want her getting any ideas. She's taken this noctalis thing really well. Far too well.

"And? I need details. Height, eye color, do-ability." She does that eyebrow thing again.

"Tex," I say, putting my hands on her shoulders so she'll pay attention. "He's a creature that isn't human. That drinks blood, and would probably kill you. This isn't time to be looking for a boy toy."

"Why not? I'm done with human boys." She shrugs off my hands.

"Are you even listening to yourself?" She just rolls her eyes. What have I done? The bell rings and she skips away from me.

"We'll talk later. I want to meet that brother." She spins so her skirt flares out. A couple of heads turn, but she doesn't see any of them. I'm going to have to warn Peter and Viktor about her. I never underestimate her when it comes to boys. She tends to go a little nuts. When Blake broke up with her I had to physically tackle her and Jamie had to hold her so she wouldn't go through with her plan to key his car, slash his tires and go all Carrie Underwood on him like in that song.

I resist the urge to smash my head against my locker and stumble my way to class. Maybe drift is the better word. I am so not present at school anymore. It makes me feel guilty, that I'm not getting the good grades my parents want me too, especially my mother. She's always the one who puts my report cards on the fridge and takes me out for a treat if I make the honor roll. There's not much chance of that happening now, unless a miracle occurs, which is not likely.

I do try to focus, but it's kind of a losing battle. When my mother had first been diagnosed, and I'd been in the bargaining stage, I thought that if I got really good grades, she'd magically get better. She got worse and I got straight A's. Nothing made a bit of difference, so I stopped trying.

I could probably get Peter to help me. He's definitely more book smart than I am, but that's only because he's had more time to read them than I have, or so I like to tell myself. Thinking about that makes me think of how much older he is than I am, which, in turn, creeps me out.

I can't think about anything without associating it with something unpleasant. That can't be a good sign.

I don't see Jamie until the end of the day. I know I've been wrapped up in my own life, but I know he's been avoiding me. I stopped leaving messages because his voicemail is full, and my texts have gone unanswered. I feel awful for not trying harder and when I see him slouching to his car at the end of the day, I've had it. I run to catch up with him. Normally, he walks so fast with those long legs I can't keep up. But the bounce went out of his step the second Cassie came back into his life.

He doesn't even jump when I sneak up behind him."Look James, I know you're all sad and your family is falling apart, but I'd like to be there for you, if you'd let me."

"Leave me alone, Ava." He starts walking faster and doesn't turn around.

"Nope, doesn't work that way. You don't get to decide when I'm in your business. You're always in mine. Now I'm returning the favor. You need to talk to someone, so it might as well be me."

He speaks through clenched teeth. "I don't want to talk about it."

"Too bad."

"Why do you have to always be like this?" He finally turns. He looks like absolute hell, like he's been on drugs for a while, tried to get off them and then got run over by a truck.

"You drive me to it."

"Fine! My sister is pregnant. She's keeping it. She doesn't know who the father is, since she slept with a bunch of guys. My dad's been beating the shit out of me because he can't hit her and he's been drunk for two weeks straight. Is that what you wanted to hear?" I try not to look shocked. I'd known about the first part, but not the second.

"No, it isn't, but I'm glad you told me. Did it feel good to get it out?"

"Not really." My Jamie, always a ray of sunshine has been crushed beneath a dark cloud. The only thing radiating from him is darkness. When I'd told him about my mother being sick, he'd brought me flowers and cards and candy and held my hand and texted me and made me lunch and had been the sweetest. I want to tell him so much that I understand, but I can't.

"Is she sure that's what she wants to do?" I'm not into destroying life, but it might be better if she... took care of it.

"Yeah. She said she feels like it was supposed to happen or something. Destiny." He spits out the last word.

"Jamie, you need to say something."

"I can't."

"Why not?"

"Just drop it, Ava." He's never talked to me like this. It makes my eyes sting. I change the subject.

"Is she looking for work?"

"I doubt she'll be able to find anything. No one around here is going to hire her." When you live in a small town, all your transgressions, however minor, are immortal. Everyone remembers everything that everyone else has ever done. Especially if it's something bad, like getting arrested or doing drugs or crashing your car into the side of the supermarket, which she'd already done. Twenty years from now, people will still be talking about it.

"Has she tried Miller's? They have health insurance there." Briefly, during one of her home stints, Cassie had worked at a restaurant. Granted, she did get in a fistfight with a busboy, getting herself fired, but experience was experience. The busboy had tried to grab her ass, according to Cassie. For all I know it's true.

"I'll mention it."

"How's your mom doing?" Despite having a mixed-up daughter and an alcoholic husband, Sally Barton isn't a weak woman. She spends her life trying to make everyone think that her whole family is completely together. She does a pretty good job. Only Tex and I know what really goes on in that house. It kills me, and not just for Jamie's sake. It's one of the reasons I never go over to his house and why he does't ask me to. It isn't just his dad's drinking, which has apparently gotten worse.

"She's glad to have Cassie back. She took her to the doctor yesterday. The baby's okay."

"Good."

"Still not sure how I feel about being Uncle Jamie." There it is. A remnant of the boy I know.

"It's going to work out." I squeeze his arm and he winces. I want to ask, but I don't. Maybe I'm a terrible friend, but I don't think this is what he needs right now. He just needs someone to talk to.

"I wish I could believe you." I give him a gentle hug. Just for a second. "Thanks, Ave."

"You're welcome. Anytime." I make it to my car before the tears start to fall. I've cried more in the past two months than in entire years of my life. I let them fall, wiping them away so I can see to drive. I hope Peter isn't around because I don't want to have another episode like I had before.

***

"No, absolutely not."

"Come on, Ava, I want to meet him!" Tex is actually on her knees, hands clasped in front of her, begging me to introduce her to Viktor. People going to their cars are staring at her, but she's oblivious. Completely unaware that she looks insane. Anything in pursuit of hot guys, even if they aren't human.

"No! It's not going to happen. Just let it go."

"How come you get to be so damn special?" Both of our voices are raised, and we glare at each other for a second before I cave. I need her right now. I need her more than I need to fight with her about this. Viktor would probably never go for it anyway.

"I don't want to fight."

"I don't want to fight with you either, but I feel like that's all we do."

"Let's make a pact not to fight." She holds out her hand. I shake it.

"Deal. We won't talk about things that will make the other one mad."

"So we can talk about frosting. We agree on that." I hold up one finger.

"Yes. And Patrick Dempsey's hotness." She holds one up.

"We do agree on that as well."

"Ickiness of boob sweat." Three fingers.

"Ridiculousness of Donald Trump's hair." Four.

We go on like that until we're both laughing, holding onto my car for support. Someone walks by and mutters something about lesbians. I don't bother to shoot whoever it is a dirty look.

"There is something we need to talk about," I say when we can breathe again.

"Cassie." We both say it at the same time.

"I feel like we should do something."

"Like what?"

I put my elbows on the hood of my car. "I don't know. My mom always bakes in crisis situations. When my grandmother had a stroke she made a triple layer cheesecake and a bunch of bread," I say.

"Somehow I don't think that's going to help."

"I also don't think they make a Hallmark card for this either."

"'I'm sorry you're screwed up sister is knocked up' doesn't have a good ring to it," she says.

"Not really."

"We'll have to think of something."

"Agreed." We shake again, and Tex yanks me in and gives me a nasty wet kiss on my cheek.

"Luv ya!" She does a little twirl before skipping away to her car. She is so strange. But then, so am I.

***

"What's up, baby?" Mom says as I sit down at the kitchen table after school. I think about telling her everything is fine, but I just don't have the energy for it.

"Everything."

"You okay?"

"Meh." She hands me a plate of cake. I could smell it the second I got out of the car, and my mouth has been watering ever since. There's also another smell that I can't put my finger on that makes my stomach growl. I wander around the kitchen, searching for it.

"Do you want some dinner? I'm making fettuccine alfredo." She sings the last few words, putting an arm around my shoulder. I take a few more bites of cake. It doesn't taste as good as I thought it would.

"Maybe." The thought of the creamy sauce sends my stomach into a nosedive. I shove the rest o the cake away. I hope it doesn't hurt her feelings.

"I've having the girls over next weekend. I already called June and Helen. I just have to get in touch with Mae and Liz."

"Are you sure, sure?"

"Yes." She stirs the pasta with certainty. I really don't know if this is a good idea, but I'm going to keep my trap shut. They're her friends.

"Ava," Dad calls from his office. Oh, I so do not need this.

"Yeah?"

"Can you come in here, please?" He seems fully recovered from his little breakdown and is back to his irritating ways.

"Sure." I give my mother a look and she wrinkles her nose at me. Normally, that would make me smile. I give it a good effort before I walk down the hall.

"Close the door," he says, looking up from the computer. He's been trying to do more and more work from home, but he just seems to do more work, period. When he'd been going to work every day, he would come home and be done. Now he can access it all the time, so he does.

"We've talked about you upsetting your mother."

"What am I supposed to say? I had a shitty day." It wasn't exactly that bad, but I'm not in the mood for him to be like this. Also, I'm really distracted. That smell is much stronger. It doesn't smell like any food I've ever had, but I want to eat it, whatever it is.

"Ava, don't use that language."

"Why? Because it might upset her? Shit. Shit, shit, shit! Oh look, the house hasn't fallen down." My filter is gone, gone, gone.

"Ava Sullivan." He stands up. What, does he think he's going to intimidate me? "I will not have you speak that way to me in this house." A wave of the smell cascades over me and I glance around the room. Maybe he's hiding something in here.

"I won't have you tell me what to talk to my own mother about. I had a bad day. I'm not going to go around smiling like some psycho so you can act like things are fine. They're not. Not even you can pretend they're fine, remember?" I hate throwing that in his face, but I can't stop myself.

"That's it. You're grounded." He stands right in front of me. The smell gets stronger. It's coming from him. I want to get closer, but there's no way I'm going to do it.

"Oh, really?"

"Go to your room." He points out the door, as if he expects me to march right off.

"No."

"Go to your room."

"No."

"Go. To. Your. Room." He gets right in my face, every word seething with anger. It doesn't scare me. The scent has kind of taken over my brain. I want it so much my stomach starts making noises.

"The only place I'm going is the kitchen to talk to my mother. I'm not five anymore, Dad. You can't make me do what you want me to by threatening to take away my toys." With that I turn around and walk out, closing the door softly behind me. I can't slam it or my mother would get suspicions. As soon as I shut it, the smell lessens, and I can think clearly. I swallow the excess saliva my mouth produced and try to calm down.

"What was that about?"

"Nothing," I say with a smile, hoping she'll think that we're planning some surprise for her.

"Oh really?" She smiles back. Mission accomplished.

I dash up to my room and shut the door, breathing like I've run miles. I have an idea of what the smell is, but I don't want to think about it, because then it would be real, and I would know it was real and it can't be. I can't want to... No. I'm not thinking of it.

It is always darkest before the dawn. The quote of my mom's echos in my head. Things are about to get a whole lot darker, I can feel it.

Thirty

"I just don't know what to do." It's the middle of the night and I'm in the cemetery with Peter. It's been getting worse being away from him. Pretty soon I'll have to walk around holding his hand like he's some ratty security blanket that I can't go anywhere without.

"Calm down." Oh, he can stay calm. I'm busy pacing in front of the mausoleum and nibbling my nails.

"I can't calm down. You're sure I'm not turning into a noctalis? Because I think..." I can't finish. I can't tell him that I think I'm smelling blood and I picture killing people when I'm mad.

"It would require a much greater exchange of blood. It is not possible."

"Well, Jesus Peter, you're a vampire with wings. Anything's possible." I'm being mean to him, but I don't have anyone else to unleash my freak out on, so he gets the brunt of it.

"Ava." His voice makes me stop pacing.

"What?"

"It will be fine." His cool voice normally soothes me, but I'm too worked up.

"How do you know?"

"I do."

"How can you be so sure of things?"

"I am sure of you." We lock eyes, and I let him do that thing that pulls me in. I lose myself for a moment, but he yanks the contact, eyes going toward the woods. My hearing may not be as good as his, but I hear someone coming. A noctalis someone.

"Peter."

"Ivan." Oh, shit. My eyes snap to Peter, waiting for him to leap in front of me, or pull out a sword.

Nothing. If this is Peter riled up, then I'm in trouble. If possible, he's even stiller than normal, which does not bode well for me.

"What do you want?" I say. I'm wondering if I should run or scream or do something. I glance to Peter for guidance, but he's not looking at me. A little help here?

"Has Peter ever told you about the first noctalis?" My eyes grope to pick him out from the shadow of the trees. There. He's wearing dark colors, which appear to be the noctalis clothing of choice.

"No." What does that have to do with anything? I'm still debating about running. Peter said he couldn't touch me, so I might as well not provoke him. Isn't that what you're supposed to do when you're attacked by a bear? Not run away. So far, he hasn't done anything threatening, which is actually more threatening than if he would have just run at me.

"The legend goes that he was a man who lived a long time ago." I want to ask him why he didn't start with the once upon a time, but I keep my mouth shut and try to look disinterested, when I am the opposite. I hate that Peter kept so much from me.

"He was traveling one day and met a beautiful woman on the road. Men are always lured by beautiful women, are they not?" I try not to shift my feet. I try to channel Peter and then I stop. I'm not getting good vibes anymore.

"The woman was strange and still and exquisite. He had just lost his mother and father to an illness and was traveling to find a new life. She spoke to him, whispered in his ear promises of eternal life, of never being sick, or growing old. He would be perfect, forever. He would also be powerful. No one would be able to hurt him. Ever. She stroked his cheek and he fell under her spell. She kissed him and bit his lip. He tried to pull away, but she was too strong. She sucked the blood from his lips and laughed. The sound was like cracking ice. Sharp and hard. She took so much blood from him, his soul came with it. He felt a horrible tearing and screamed with the pain of it. The beautiful woman had taken his soul, but given him something else. Immortality. But it had come with a price, like everything."

I had to admit, it was a pretty story. It also sounded like one of those legends that might be true, but it made me shiver.

"So, what is the moral of the story?" It takes me a second to realize he's actually asking me. I feel like I need to raise my hand. I do some quick thinking, which, given the situation, is nearly impossible. I take a guess.

"That noctali have no souls? They traded them for powers and immortality."

"Precisely." Ten points for me.

"No," Peter says. I'm not sure who or what he's saying no to.

"Yes. You can't blame me, Peter. Blame yourself. Or blame her." His eyes shift to mine, and I struggle not to get caught in them. Being trapped by him would be walking into a spider's web willingly.

"Don't talk about me like I'm not here," I say.

They both snap their attention on me and it's like being blinded by a spotlight. It sort of reminds me of my first dance recital. When I stepped out on the stage the first time, my tights falling down and itching my legs, I was blinded by the lights and tried to run back to the wings and hide. My teacher had shoved me back on, hissing at me to get on the stage. I was terrified of her, so I went. The fear lasted until the music started.

I'm still waiting for the music to start.

"We are more aware than you know, Ava." I hate the way my name sounds coming from him. Ivan starts to laugh. It's not really a laugh. It's a harsh sound that grinds against my eardrums. I want it to stop. I want to clap my hands over my ears and hum to drown it out, but I can't. I can't show weakness. I must be strong.

Never turn your back. Advice is least heeded when most needed; Bad is never good until worse happens; A half-truth is a whole lie.

It is always darkest before the dawn.

"Stop." We all turn.

It happens so fast that I don't have time to duck before I'm on the ground. Dirt blasts into my lugs and I lay there for a second, praying nothing is broken. There's something holding me down.

"Stay down." It's Peter. I try to move my head, but I'm having some issues. Finally I'm able to turn it enough so I can breathe. I choke on some of the dirt and grass I've inhaled. I try to survey my body for any damage and figure out why Peter is holding me on the ground.

"Hello, Ivan. It's been a long time since you came and visited me." Turning my head, I see Ivan on the ground, like me, with someone on top of him. Unlike me, I don't know who the person is. The voice is female. I make a tiny noise, and Peter shifts his hold on me so I can move my head a little more.

There is a woman perched on top of Ivan, holding him down. It's kind of crazy, because he's struggling, but somehow she has enough power to subdue him. A fountain of reddish-blonde hair skims her back. She's wearing a filmy dress that isn't even dirty or torn. I can't see her face, but something tells me she must be gorgeous.

"Hello, Mother." Mother? It's clear there's no love lost between them. It sizzles in the air like static electricity. I wish I could sink into the ground and slink away. Whatever has happened, I'm not sure I want to be around to see how it turns out.

The pressure releases somewhat from my back and I can breathe better. I lift up my head a bit more. Peter squeezes the back of my neck. It's some sort of signal, but I have no idea what he wants me to do.

"What have we here?" She turns to face us, still holding Ivan down with very little effort. I'm right, she is beautiful. I can't say exactly why. Her nose is small and dainty. Her eyes, one a multi-hued hazel, the other an icy gray, are perfectly set in her face. I remember once in biology that we talked about the Golden Ratio. I didn't understand it exactly; it has something to do with symmetry being the essence of beauty. Anyway, if there is anyone who fits those calculations exactly, it's be her.

"Hello." I can't think of what else to say, so I go with my gut.

"Hi."

"I don't believe we've been introduced. I'm Di Hart. I see you've met my boys." Her eyes flick to Peter and Viktor and Ivan in turn.

"I'm Ava." The absurdity of the situation is not lost on me.

"You should let her up, Peter, dear, I believe she might suffocate." Finally, the pressure is completely gone from my back. I use my hands to push myself up. They shake a bit, and I know everyone notices.

"I know how you hate it when you can't breathe," Di says, nodding. None of us says anything.

"Mother, you are interrupting." Ivan is remarkably calm now, as if there isn't a woman sitting on his chest.

"Am I?" She acts like she's committed a faux pas. "So sorry Ivan, darling. I just thought I would come and see you. See all my boys again. It's been so long." She may be pretty, but there is steel behind those words. They could cut deeply. She freaks me out, almost more than Ivan. That's saying something.

"What are you doing here?" This time it's Ivan asking. I feel like that's all anyone says.

"I told you. I came for a visit. To see how you are."

"We are in the middle of something," Ivan says.

"I can see that." She looks at me like she is both disgusted and afraid at the same time. "Peter, dear? Could you explain your relationship with this?" Her hand waves to indicate me. I'm the 'this.'

She stares hard at him, like she's trying to probe through his thoughts via his eyes and root out all his secrets.

"What is your role in this Viktor, sweetheart?" Apparently everyone gets an endearment after their name. It's very old-fashioned. I wonder just how old she is. Peter never told me.

"I am here."

"Yes, I can see that." They share another silent communique. I'm seriously starting to think they can read each other's minds.

"Ah, loyalty. Such a valuable commodity." She looks down at Ivan and strokes his face with one finger. He looks like he wants to bite it off.

"Viktor, sweetheart, what did you promise me, when I made you?"

"That I would always be there when you called." He recites it like a prayer he memorized in Sunday school. I'm still trying to catch up.

"Ivan, darling, what did you promise me?"

"That I would never leave you." There's so much venom in his words, I'd be afraid to be near him.

"Peter, dear, what did you promise me?"

"That I would never love anyone as much as I loved you," he says, quietly. I feel his despair as well as my own.

"That's right, which is why you have to kill her. You must keep your promise, Peter, dear."

"I know." He turns toward me and I plead with him in my head. I can't speak. After all we've been through, the Claiming and that kiss we shared... This can't be it.

"Ava."

"Please," I whisper.

I close my eyes.

Thirty-One

The pain doesn't come. I wait, but nothing happens. I squint my eyes open to find a pretty frigged-up scene. It must have taken less than five seconds, but when I do a quick survey, everything's changed.

Peter and Viktor are on the ground, only this time Di is under them. It takes one of them on each arm to hold her down. Ivan stands next to them, hissing through his teeth. The sound makes every hair on my body stand on end. Di hisses back, and I want to cover my ears so it will stop.

"What are you doing to me? You promised. All of you." She glares at each of them, but they don't move.

"You took advantage," Viktor says. "You tricked us. Took our souls and then our freedom."

"I made you what you are. Without me, you would have died," she says.

"Then so be it. The past cannot be changed," Viktor responds. She smiles.

"Exactly." Everyone seems to have forgotten me even Peter. Then I feel a tug in my mind and I know he hasn't. Even without his eyes on me, I can feel that same pull toward him.

"Now you are going to make a promise." Peter finally speaks. I want to get up and run to him, but I'm not getting close to her. She wants to kill me.

"Never," she hisses.

"You will make a binding promise or I will break mine."

"As will I," Viktor says. Di thrashes against them. I've seen videos of alligator wrestling on cable. This is kind of like that, only the alligator is a petite woman in a pretty dress.

"You can't," she laughs, but she doesn't sound sure. The sound grates on my ears like broken glass.

"We will," Viktor says. Her eyes ping-pong back and forth, looking for lies. I can picture Peter's blinkless eyes. I don't know Viktor well enough to know what he looks like when he's telling the truth or a lie. I'm sure she can.

"You wouldn't dare," she says, glaring at each of them in turn. "Ivan, help please." Seems like now they've got a common enemy, they're working like brothers. Guess Ivan hates Di more than he hates Peter. Interesting.

Ivan takes Peter's place and Di makes a break for it, but they're too strong. Ivan punches her in the face and she hisses again. Not that I'm cool with men hitting women, but I'm kinda glad he did. I'm not sure she counts as a typical woman, seeing as how it takes two of them to hold her down.

Peter walks over to me. I'm still on the ground, not having been able to get up yet. My mouth is dry and gritty from dirt. I'm sure most of my exposed skin was scraped off when Peter landed on me. I'm in such a daze that I'm not feeling it. Yet.

"Here," he says, taking my arm and helping me up. My legs wobble and he clutches me. I am once again grateful for his solidness. Once I think I can stay upright, I look up at him. Even though it's dark, I can see the white of his teeth. He's smiling.

"Why are you smiling?"

"You." Everything around us gets a little hazy, and all I can see is his face. Finally, I reach up and push his hair out of his eyes.

"Peter!" The word cracks like a whip, but we ignore it. He just smiles wider, and I can't help it, but so do I. Despite Di screaming at him, he moves his face closer to mine.

"Fine! What do you want?" We finally turn and look at her. Everyone's staring at us. Normally, I'd be kind of embarrassed, but it's kind of a weird situation.

"A promise."

"No."

"That's what I want." Her face breaks for a second, and we all see the fear. She knows he's got her hands figuratively tied behind her back.

"What do I have to promise?"

"That you will never hurt, or ask anyone else to hurt or in any way seek to harm Ava. Forever."

"She's going to destroy you!"

"Then so be it." His eyes go back to me and I feel a rush of energy so strong I think I'm on fire. This is both one of the best and one of the worst moments of my life. Strange how things can be that way.

"I won't do it. You can ask anything else."

"No," Peter says.

"I could release you. From your promise." Wait, what? She can do that?

"That's not what I want."

"Peter, are you crazy?" I say. His head goes to the side and I want to kiss him, but this is too important. "Think about it. If she takes it away, then everything will be fine."

"It won't. You don't know her like I do," he says.

"Listen to him," Viktor chimes in.

"You stay out of this," I say. He just showed up five seconds ago. He has no right to an opinion.

"Yes, Viktor, stay out of this." Ivan looks up at me and smiles slowly. Yes, I know you have an agenda, but you don't want to kill me, so I'll deal with you later. I need to get out of this situation first.

"You could be free," I say, touching his hair again. I always thought it was dirty, but it's soft, like feathers.

"The only one who can set me free is you. Without you, it wouldn't be worth it."

"Peter, don't do this to me. I'm your mother." Di is really desperate now.

"My mother's name is Ellen Mackintire. She died in 1964. You are the woman who took away my soul, nothing more."

"Peter." Somehow she thinks saying his name over and over will change his mind. That only really works when there are tears involved. I'm pretty sure noctali don't cry.

"Please, Peter," I say. We're both begging him for different things.

"Let me do this, Ava-Claire," he says to me. It's the first time he's called me by both my names. My heart contracts and I know what he's going to do.

He turns to speak to Di. "I want you to promise me that you will leave Ava alone. You will not harm, or cause, bribe or convince anyone else to do so. You will not harass her, or contact her in any way. You will stay away from her. You are never to look at or talk to her again."

"Peter." She struggles once more, but Ivan and Viktor hold her down. If she were human, her shoulders would have been broken or dislocated, but she is not.

"I promise," she whispers, not losing eye contact with Peter. At first I think I imagine it, but a breeze hums through the air. There's a crackle, like static and I tingle with it. It reminds me of that one time Tex dared me to touch an electric fence at the pig farm. The wind gets stronger, whipping my hair over my face. Other than their hair, the tableau in front of me doesn't move.

The air goes still. It's done.

Peter turns his back on Di.

"She'll kill you, Peter dear! You don't want to die, do you?"

"I'm already dead. Just existing," he says, touching my face.

"What about all I've done for you?"

"You took my soul. She's going to give it back to me."

"Peter!" Ivan punches her again, and the sound is cut short.

"Let's go," he says, holding out one hand.

"What about her?"

"They will take care of her. You need not worry."

"Are you sure they'll be okay?"

"Yes."

I have reservations about taking his hand. I don't want him to think I'm fine with him choosing me instead of ridding himself of his promise. My hand reaches out and takes his as if I don't have a choice. I'll always choose him.

Thirty-Two

Peter drives me home and tucks me into bed.

"Will you stay?" I'm reluctant to lose skin contact with him.

"I will always stay. I could not leave, even if I wanted to," he says, pushing my hair out of my eyes.

"I know, but you don't have to stay on the roof. You can read my books if you want." I'm caught between wanting him to stay and wanting him to go so he won't start caring more than he already does about me. I'm freaked out and scared and I care more about feeling safe than anything right now. I'll worry about the love thing tomorrow.

"I will stay."

"Good." Despite the insane night, and the almost dying part, I yawn. "You still have my book."

"I know. I will return it to you."

"I don't care, you can keep it."

"I'll return it." He turns his back on my bookshelves. My hands twist around the covers with desire to pull him toward me. To hold onto him like a life preserver.

"You should get to sleep."

"I know." I sit up, watching him. Wondering what he's thinking. "How do you feel?"

He thinks a moment before he answers.

"Free."

"But you still have the promise." I want to call it a curse, but refrain.

"It doesn't matter." I sling my feet over the side of the bed.

"It does," I say, starting to stand up. I can't take being on the other side of the room from him.

"You are safe. That is what matters."

"What if you... fall for me."

"Then I will cease to exist." The way he says it triggers a memory of something he said before. Oh. OH.

"That's what you want. You told me that when I first met you."

Blink.

I pull away from him, stung. The pain of the night crashes on me, as if the adrenaline that had kept it at bay shuts off like a dripping tap.

I survey my body. The worst is my hands and forearms. My legs were encased in jeans that are torn here and there, but otherwise I'm fine.

"Ava."

"I should wash up." Tears threaten to spill over again if I look at him any more. I dash to the bathroom and turn on the water.

"Ava, things are complicated."

"No shit," I say looking at my face in the mirror. There are a few scrapes, but nothing major. Nothing make-up can't cover.

"It's okay Peter. I just got confused and thought something else. It's fine. You can go fly if you want."

"I want to be with you."

"Then why do you want to kill yourself?" I spin around, my hip smacking against the sink. What's a little more pain?

"I am already dead. My soul is gone. Yours is intact. When you die, your soul will continue to exist. Whether that be in another place or in another body, I don't know. You will always exist because your soul belongs to you. I gave mine away. When this existence ends, I will end."

"I don't want you to end." My voice chokes on tears.

"I know. Strange that the only person who could end me is the only one I want to stay with." I look up, startled. What?

"You want to stay with me?"

"Of course." His head goes to the side and I want to kiss him so much it hurts. "How could you think otherwise?"

"I don't know." I lean against him, pushing my head into his chest. His arms go around me, pulling me closer.

"Let's get you cleaned up."

"Okay."

I sit on the tub as Peter bathes my cuts and scrapes with alcohol. It stings, and I bite my lip so I don't make a sound.

"This doesn't bother you, does it?"

"No. The blood is dried. The life has left it."

"Oh."

I don't talk about the elephant in the room. Di. We both know if she wants to keep him, and get rid of me, she's going to poke a hole through that promise. There are always loopholes. I know enough by being the daughter of a loan officer.

I don't want to think about that tonight. I don't want to think about how Ivan teamed up with Peter and Viktor and protected me. I don't want to think about explaining the scrapes and how tired I'm going to be and how behind I am in school and how I'm going to have to tell my mother about Peter. I can't keep it from her any longer.

Once I'm covered in antibiotic cream and an entire box of band-aids, I get back into bed. Peter sits beside me, almost nervous-like.

"Come here," I say. He leans over. I rake my hands in his hair, pulling it away from his face.

"Are you going to kiss me?"

"If you want."

I blink at him. He smiles.

"I will take that as yes," he says.

Yes.

