Part 3

CHAPTER ONE

Jennifer

I HAVE CUCUMBERS ON MY eyes and something pastey-gooey on my face. An epic failure of an evening at least scored me something: lunch and a spa day courtesy of Mia and her boss. Thank you, guilt. I should probably use you to my advantage more often.

"Do you feel better yet?" Mia asks. "I know you were stressed, so don't try and say you weren't." She's referring to our quick getaway from the club last night and my ensuing silence.

"I wasn't stressed, you were."

"No, I was just pissed. I still don't understand why William got in that fight. He ruined the night for everyone."

"I told you, I have no idea." Play stupid. That's it, Jennifer. You can do this.

"How can a guy you're hanging out with suddenly start beating a guy's ass and you have no idea how it started? That makes zero sense, even when you're British."

She's not going to let this go until I talk, and to be honest, I know I'll probably feel better if I do talk about it, but I'm worried that Mia will go ballistic on me. I know she means it with love, but still ... this is the one and only spa day I'll probably get this year. Any more perks from her boss and she's going to be obliged to blow him, and I can't be responsible for that.

She hits me with her hand against my arm, so I lift up a cucumber and peer around the room. No one is in here but us lying side-by-side on two massage tables. The room has some sort of eucalyptus essential oil scent blowing around, and white and purple orchids are crowded in the corners along with some fern-type plants. Music of birds chirping and waterfalls runs in the background. I can almost believe a baboon is about to jump out from under my table. The ridiculousness of it hits me; I'm naked in the jungle with vegetables on my eyes while Mia gives me the third degree. How is this supposed to be relaxing again?

"Tell me," she says. "I promise to keep my mouth shut."

"That's a lie." I give up on relaxing and just settle for the idea of this being better than drowning my sorrows in orange juice in my tiny apartment while I Google William Stratford and fantasize about running away to Greece.

"Okay, I promise to not be negative."

"That's a lie too." I put my cucumber back over my eye and lie down, forcing the stress to leave my body. I can do this. It's totally mind over matter.

"Hey, come on ... I'm not negative all the time."

"You are about William." Why do I feel protective of him and our non-relationship? Ridiculous. I need therapy. I wonder if I can do it online somehow. I have all kinds of things planned for work next week, and I don't have time to visit a therapist's couch anytime soon.

She doesn't answer me right away, and I'm almost ready to sit up and look at her when she finally speaks. "I'm sorry about that. Was I mean?"

"No." I sigh. I don't want her to feel bad about being honest. Best friends should be allowed to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. "You weren't mean. Just telling me like it is."

"When? Because I might have had a little too much wine, but I don't remember saying anything about him after we left the club. You wouldn't even talk to me."

"You didn't say anything then. Before we went out you said a few things, but they were right on target. The truth. I needed to hear it." It almost makes it bearable to think about never seeing William again, when I remember her telling me he's not the relationship type, or whatever it was she said. He answered my ad. He's a one-night-stand kind of guy. We're totally not long-term compatible. Why does that hurt so much to admit?

"Okay, so tell me about the fight. Let's analyze."

I squirm a little on my table. So much for relaxing or anything close to it. Memories of his hands on me wash over my entire body. I'm suddenly hot in this stupid, jungly eucalyptus room. "I kind of did something naughty and then he kind of did something naughty and then we just tried to get a drink after and everything fell apart. To be honest, it's kind of confusing." I'm holding onto the side of the table with a death grip. I cannot believe I actually had sex in public like that. I'm going to blame it on the wine. Not that I even had a full glass or anything, but maybe Vitamin C enhances the effects or something. Yeah, that's it...

"Naughty? What does that even mean?" She's laughing. "You sound British."

I force my hands to come up and lie gently on my hips. That's right. I'm completely cool over here. "Not to go into detail, but we did it in the hallway of the club. No big deal." Lie.

My arm is seized in an iron grip and my cucumbers slide down to my temples and then flop into my hair, leaning against my ears. Mia is sitting straight up, her towel slipping down to reveal her boobs.

"What?" I ask innocently.

"You did it in the hallway of the club? Like, right out there in the open in public?"

"Let go of my arm, freak." I reach up casually to dislodge her and re-set my vegetables. "Yes. We did it in public."

"Oh ... my god ... you are such a ho-bag." I can hear the smile in her voice.

I'm smiling too. I totally do not care that she's calling me that. "I know."

"You're not sorry, are you?"

"Nope. Not at all. It was amazing." And yes, I do sigh like a schoolgirl after I say that. Pitiful.

"So how does that end up with him beating the bartender's ass and us leaving, again?"

I pull the cucumbers off and stare at the ceiling. "I'm not sure." Twisting my head to the side, I look at Mia. She's gathered her towel up to cover herself but she's still perched on the edge of her table facing me. She's way more into this conversation than I want her to be.

"Details." She snaps her finger. "Now. And hurry up because they're coming in for massages next, and I don't want you saying anything in front of these girls. They're total gossips."

I snort. Mia suffers under the delusion that she's not.

"Okay, fine." I capitulate when she decides to pinch me with her wicked toes. I hate when she does that. "After we ... a-hem ... did it in the hallway, we went over to the bar to get a drink."

"What'd you get?"

"That's kind of where it gets interesting," I say, my face starting to burn for some reason. I stare at the ceiling again. I can't look into her eyes.

"Oooo, good. Tell me." I can see her rubbing her hands together out of the corner of my eye, and it makes her look totally diabolical.

"I was standing there wondering what to drink, and the bartender guy asks me if I want a sloe comfortable screw up against the wall."

"That's a drink," she says.

I look at her. "Yeah, it's a drink. It's also exactly what I just did, not thirty seconds before I walked up to the bar."

Mia's expression goes from excited to worried. "You think he saw you?"

"I think someone did. He was talking to someone using an ear thingy."

"An ear thingy?" Mia's face scrunches up in confusion.

"You know ... like the FBI or the CIA or whatever. He was listening to someone talking in his ear."

"Okaaaaay ... then what happened?"

"Well, William just kind of freaked out. He grabbed the guy and yanked him across the bar, pulled the ear plug out of the guy's ear, and then threw him on the ground."

"Oh my god. Neanderthal action figure."

"Exactly. And then the bouncer shows up and William was demanding to see the manager..."

"And that's when we came over. Edward and me."

"Yes."

Her voice drops. "And then Edward told me to get lost."

"Not exactly ..."

"Same diff. So we left. End of story."

"Yes. End of story." I wish I could internalize that feeling and get over William already, but my heart just will not accept that this is the end. It's like we got short-changed again, some of our last few hours stolen from us.

"But what happened after?" Mia asks. "I mean, after we left?"

"I have no idea." I take my cucumbers and slap them back over my eyes. They're falling apart; I can actually open my lids and see right through the hole in the middle of them, but I pretend like they're fine.

"You have cucumber glasses," Mia says, giggling.

"Shush, can't you see I'm trying to relax over here?"

"So what are you going to do?" she asks.

"I'm going to enjoy this facial, I'm going to enjoy my massage, and then I'm going to enjoy lying out by the pool and getting tan." And I'm going to go home and try to go on with my life, minus thoughts of William in it. There. Done. See? Easy.

"You know I'm not talking about that."

I open my right eye and look at her through my veggie glasses. "What else can I do? End of story, remember?" My heart squeezes painfully in my chest, but I close my eye and focus on ignoring it. Stupid traitor heart. Why can't it see that its suffering is all in vain and a complete waste of time?

CHAPTER TWO

William

I PULL UP INTO THE circular drive that marks the entrance to my father's home. It's quite a bit more ostentatious than the one I was raised in, but my father wouldn't have it any other way. He's on a one-man mission to remove all traces of his working-class upbringing.

The differences between my mother and him are never more clear than when I come over here for Sunday brunch. I'm seized by a sudden pang of longing for bygone days. When my mother was alive, my own life had seemed so much more steady, attached to terra firma. Now I feel as though I'm a dust mote caught in a downdraft. The source of my latest tragedy is unbuckling her seatbelt next to me.

"So, this is the Stratford Estate. I've heard about it, you know."

Keeping a straight face has never been difficult for me, even when I'm filled with nothing but loathing for a person sitting right beside me.

"All good, I hope." I shut off the engine and get out of the vehicle before the serpent has time to get any untoward ideas. She's been trying to lay hands on me since the moment she got into my vehicle, but I have steadfastly refused to be mauled. A well placed elbow and the need for constant gear shifting and wheel-management has seen to that.

She waits in the car, and I'm temped to just walk away, straight up into the foyer and out onto the terrace without her. But my mother would turn over in her grave if she saw me acting so rudely, so I do the right thing and walk around to the other side of my car and open her door. I will not give her a hand out, though. I won't.

Her hand goes up in the air and floats there. I pretend to be very interested in a nonexistent bird across the lawn. It's a cardinal maybe or a robin or perhaps a red-crested boobie. Oh, wait ... no ... I'm the red crested boobie. That would be the only explanation for why I am here with this woman. This blackmailing, black-hearted serpent of a woman.

She stands and I quickly step back out of her reach. As soon as she moves out of the way, I shut the door and spin around to walk to the house.

"Wonderful flowers. Who does your father's landscaping?" Her heels crunch in the gravel driveway behind me. The bint is wearing stilettos, as if that would have any effect on me. All it does is bring to mind the preying mantis. I'd be willing to wager some dosh that she can turn her head round three hundred and sixty degrees without breaking anything or even pulling a muscle.

She's very persistent in her attempts at conversation, I'll give her that. "I have no idea," I respond. "You'll have to ask him." As I walk up the front steps, an evil plan suddenly begins to form in my mind. Perhaps I can get her interested in the real brains behind the operation and off my back. My father would eat her alive and spit out her bones, so there'd be no worries of her becoming the next Mrs. Stratford. He's much more heartless than I could ever hope to be, and he has the luxury of being able to take risks with the company's reputation that I do not.

My voice perks up with the excitement of being free from her clutches in the very near future, if I play my cards right. "He loves to discuss gardening. You have that in common." Come on then, Cupid, strike your arrow straight into her dark heart. I know it's a small target, but you've got the skills. I believe in you, lad.

"Oh, I'm not really interested in gardening, Will. I'm just interested in you."

How utterly demoralizing. So much for my brilliant plan. "I gathered." I used to admire American boldness, but it has now become apparent that I shall have to rethink that opinion.

Opening the front door and stepping into the hall, I disregard the bell entirely. This is sure to rile my father as he enjoys showing off his real, dyed-in-the-wool English butler, but I admit to being a little frightened of being alone on the front step with this woman for longer than a trice. She's loads more aggressive than the women I'm used to spending my time with, and she's shown herself to be very single-minded of purpose, the way she's forced me to invite her to this brunch.

Thoughts of Jennifer fill the empty spaces in my mind and immediately turn my mood sour. It should be her with me here, not Ingrid. If Jennifer were here, I'd ring the bell twice. Perhaps three times. I'd bring the whole neighborhood in to see us standing side-by-side.

"Who will I be meeting today besides your father?"

"You haven't met my father before?" I pause and turn to consider her expression. I cannot decide if she's having me on or not.

"No. I've only dealt with his attorneys."

"Oh, well, you're in for a treat." Perhaps I can get him alone and let him know that this woman is blackmailing me. Having him on my side might be better than leaving him in the dark as she's tried to convince me to do. I will have to evaluate as the morning progresses. My earlier plan to manage everything myself seems foolhardy considering how successful she's been at puppeteering me around. It's quite emasculating, really; however, today, I consider the fact that John Thomas has gone into a coma a very good thing.

"So I hear," she says.

I don't know whether what she's heard is good or bad, but it's no matter to me. I am not dating this woman, I will not date this woman, and she cannot make me. Not completely, anyway. Perhaps in name, but not in deed. Not in my heart.

We make our way across the salon, through the sliding glass doors, and out onto the vast terrace. A dining table has been set with linens, and my father is in deep discussion with Edward. They're both wearing white, as is the norm for them on warm weekends, but my all-black ensemble suits my mood better. I feel as though I'm attending a funeral when she's at my side.

The dynamic duo, Edward and my father. Somehow my brother has managed to become my father's only weakness. The troublemaker can do no wrong in my father's eyes, no matter how wrong the wrong is. I suppose I should be happy about it. At least Edward isn't interested in running the company. The way my father favors him I'd probably be out on the street, unemployed and destitute.

"William!" my father cries enthusiastically as he stands. This is when he plays the American, smiling broadly and throwing his arms out for a grand display of public affection. My insides shrivel a little as he wraps me in his manly embrace, slapping me hard on the back. "You brought a date! Well done!"

"Father, this is not a date, this is Ingrid." It was probably wrong of me to say that, but I just cannot accept the fact that she is my date. Never. It just won't happen. "Ingrid, this is my father, the indomitable Frank Stratford."

My father scolds me with an expression, but then quickly morphs it into one of open admiration. "Well, whatever you want to call her, I call her welcome." He folds one of her hands into both of his. "Ingrid, thank you for coming. Please excuse my bore of a son. He's not a fan of the Sunday brunch."

She pulls her hand from his grip and places it on my shoulder as she smiles.

I have to look away so as not to vomit on my favorite shoes. I'd put them on earlier to help boost my confidence and mood; now I'm embarrassed that they have to bear witness to this tragedy. I should have worn trainers. I can run much faster in trainers.

Her voice is like a poison gas, filling up the air around us. I fear what she will say next.

"It's so nice to meet you, Frank. May I call you Frank?"

"You may call me anything you like," he says, pulling out a chair for her next to him.

My head jerks sideways in response to the tone of his voice. My father? Going soft? I regard his expression closely. Yes, he does look a bit flustered. I hold back on my urge to applaud. That would be much too obvious.

Hook, line, and sinker. Thank you, God in heaven. Now I just need to get them talking about flowers. My father is absolutely mad for the things. I try not to let the niggle of guilt that I am laying a trap for the man bother me.

I walk around and take the seat on the other side of my father, between him and Edward. My brother lifts an eyebrow at my avoidance of the empty chair next to Ingrid, but says nothing. I'm sure he's amused at my obvious discomfort, but now's not the time to engage with him. I'm liable to knock his block clear across the lawn with a single tonk, and for once it won't be his fault.

"So, Ingrid, tell us how you came to be passing time with William." My father smiles as he places his napkin in his lap. Randolph the butler appears from a side door with a tray of toasts and jam. I don't know whether to be relieved or stressed that the breakfast has officially commenced.

"I work nearby his office in the same building. I'm an attorney."

"Oh, how lovely." My father is still all smiles.

I have a mind to remedy that. No one should be happy when I'm so miserable. It's possible, the guilt I'm feeling over trying to set her on my father is getting to me already, since I cannot stop myself from speaking. "She's being modest, father. Ingrid actually owns the building our offices are in, or so she says. Apparently, she's our landlord." I smile inwardly. Let him chew that fat for a bit and see how he likes being held by the short hairs.

"Is that so?" he says, never batting a single eyelash. "How interesting. And how long have you owned the building?"

"Five years." She puts her napkin in her lap and looks over at me. Is that a warning in her gaze? Humph. I don't see anything. Not. A. Thing.

"Do you own any other properties I might know about?" The gleam is in his eye. The gleam that consists of floating dollar signs and funding for his next year's country club membership.

Good God, no, Father! She's not a fish! Not a fish! We don't need her on our rolls!

"I own a nightclub, a few other office buildings, and a small commercial plaza."

"Ah, a serious investor." He lifts his mimosa and holds it out in her direction. "Welcome to the fold," he says.

And now I know that he has put her into his memory bank as a potential future client.

My head falls nearly to my chest as I realize that I am brown bread. I groan and drop my gaze to the table. I already have heartburn and I haven't even had a bite to eat yet.

"What's the matter, son?" My father puts his hand on my arm.

I rub my chest. "Heartburn. Don't mind me."

Edward kicks me under the table, but I shake my head silently and refuse to look at him. Of course I'll have to give him the details that I refused to reveal last night when we left the serpent's lair, but now's not the time. I have to wait and see how this plays out. I have to find my moment, my in. My escape hatch. Sometime before she forces me to see her naked would be nice.

"Thank you, Frank. It's great to be here. William and I have had our eyes on each other for a long time."

My face goes pale at the very idea. I raise my head, just so that I can be sure I'm not being blagged. That would be something Edward would orchestrate. He's even diabolical enough to suss Ingrid out and recruit her to participate in his evil pranks.

But no ... one look at his expression and I know this is not his doing. He actually appears as if he pities me. He doesn't even know the half of it.

"Is that right?" Frank smiles at me. "You're a sly one, William. I hadn't a clue."

"Neither had I," I say under my breath. Then, "Pass the jam, would you? I find myself in need of a sugar boost."

"Tea?" the butler asks.

I shake my head. Even PG Tips won't ease my sorry soul this morn. I busy myself with tending to brekky as Ingrid prattles on about some thing or another. I can't bring myself to listen or even look in her direction. I'm too busy scheming a way out of this mess. Passing her off on my father is a terrifically horrid idea. He can be a bit of a wanker, but he did give me life. I can't very well throw him into the viper pit, now can I?

His voice filters into my conscience mind. "Well, I'll say, it's about time William showed some interest in the opposite sex. I was beginning to think he was a poof."

Or perhaps I can throw him in.

"Father, did you know that Ingrid here is a fan of gardening? Just like you. She's asked after your flowers." I shove the jam-covered bap into my mouth to keep from over-selling it. My eyes roll from her to him and rest there as my eyebrows go up. Take the bait, Father. Reel her in.

"Is that a fact?" My father says slowly, turning to face her better.

"No, actually, I just said that to try and start a conversation with your son. He's so quiet all the time." She smiles slyly at me.

Match point to the viper. Game over. I am once again brown bread. My heart sinks.

"Nonsense," says my father. He drops his easygoing bloke ruse in a flash and fixes her with a serious stare. When this happens to me, it strikes fear in my heart - an automatic reaction I've had years to cultivate -, but she's too daft to realize she's stepped in it. "No need to play coy with me, young lady. How about you pick up your glass and allow me to show you round the rose garden? I'll change your mind in a trice, I guarantee it."

I slow my chewing as I take in the details of the rapidly changing atmosphere.

Ingrid looks as though she's swallowed a canary. Edward is grinning. My father has a challenge in his eye.

Could it be ...? My chest swells with hope and pride. Yes! Somehow he has picked up on my distress and is coming to save the day. Daddy to the rescue! I could kiss the man. I won't, but I'm saying I could. He would deserve it.

"Well, if you insist." Ingrid waits for my father's response.

"Indeed, I do." He stands and reaches over to pull out her chair.

She also stands because she can hardly refuse at this point, now can she?

I'm nearly giddy with pleasure. This tour should take at least ten minutes. Ten minutes wherein I can breathe and scheme for my escape. Perhaps I can come down with something in that short period of time. Lurgi? Something more serious? Bronchitis? EColi poisoning perhaps? Is death by boysenberry jam a real diagnosis?

"William, why don't you join us?" she asks.

Is that a hint of desperation in her voice? Oh rapture ... it well and truly is! A unicorn will surely come strolling around the hedgerow now. I turn to see the blessed event.

Edward places a hand on my shoulder. "Nothing doing, tosser. You still owe me an explanation as to why you didn't bring that PandL issue up to me sooner." He looks at our father and nods. "Off you go, then. I'll get him back on the straight and narrow while you're gone."

Color me shocked. I didn't even know Edward was aware there was a problem. Thank you, Scotland!

"But it's Sunday brunch," Ingrid says, trying to laugh us all off. "Please say you men aren't the type to work when you should be relaxing..."

My father holds out an elbow for her to take. "Better get used to it, Ingrid. This family is all work and no play. Business is business, as they say."

She slides her arm reluctantly through his and looks back over her shoulder at me. "Don't disappear on me, Will."

"I wouldn't dream of it," I say, meaning the exact opposite.

CHAPTER THREE

Jennifer

IT'S MONDAY MORNING AND MY broker is suddenly standing over me as I click away at the computer. I'm glad he wasn't here ten minutes sooner or he would have caught me Googling William Stratford again. Not that it would matter to my job position or anything, since I'm pretty much self-employed, but still. Having anyone catch me mooning over a guy is embarrassing.

Obviously not embarrassing enough that I've stopped doing it, though. I now have a list of all the properties associated with William's company. He wasn't kidding when he said the Stratfords are investors. It looks like his family owns half the city. That's an exaggeration, but seriously ... why does anyone need to own this many buildings? It makes me feel even more inconsequential than I already did. William must have women falling all over him every day. Didn't that woman at the charity ball call him the most eligible bachelor in the city?

"Can you join us?" Bob asks, pulling me out of my depressing thoughts. "We're in the conference room."

"Do we have a meeting scheduled?" I click to view my online schedule. It's blank, and besides ... it's Monday. We never have meetings on Monday. I'm not usually in the office either, preferring to work from home, but I do try to drop in for things that are put on my calendar by Bob's assistant, Shelley.

I don't see Bob that often, but when he schedules things I do my best to be there, mostly because he's a really nice guy and was kind enough to take me in when I was desperate. I definitely don't go to them because they have any point or are helpful. Talk about a time suck. Usually Bob drones on for so long that half the room falls asleep before he's done, and the only reason we're awake for the first part is because he provides donuts; it's the sugar-high alone that keeps our eyes open.

I haven't been here long enough to share my trade secrets in these so-called 'team meetings'. I learned the hard way that to stay competitive in this business, you have to be careful about who you share techniques with. My ex has a booming business thanks in no small part to my contributions on strategy and business planning ... not that he ever gave me credit for my ideas, the jerk.

I just need another year or two of gathering up listings and clients, and my business life will go off like a rocket. My personal life will probably still be fizzling into the dirt, but hey, no one has it all, right? I can settle for being a successful business woman. All it takes is a few lucky breaks and a ton of hard work. I've got the hard work part down pat. Now all I need is a little luck.

So far, my best listing is a run-down office building in a part of town I'm hoping will see a renaissance soon. The area has all the signs: younger couples moving in, lots of permits for renovations, and new businesses springing up nearby. Maybe that's what the meeting is about. Maybe Bob will ask me to talk about the ideas I shared with him during our interview. Mia's always telling me to stop being such a sucker and giving everyone the keys to the kingdom. What will I do if he asks me to share my best tip? Tell people not to look directly into the sun?

"It's kind of an impromptu thing," he says by way of explanation.

I look closer at his face when I notice his eyes darting down the hall and then over at the front door. Uh-oh. He's sweating. I haven't known him that long, but I am well aware of the fact that when Bob sweats, it's never a good sign. The last time I saw droplets, he was working up the nerve to fire the janitorial service, and the time before that he was leaving for the divorce lawyer's office. Not good.

I pick up my pen and tap it on my desk. "Impromptu, huh?" Tap, tap, tap, tap...

"Yes, um ... there are some changes coming down the road, and uhh ... we're going to discuss them."

"Changes? What kind of changes?" Now I'm sweating too. The last big change in my work life ended up with me switching brokers and conducting very stressful emergency apartment hunting. I still don't have a desk at home. To say I resist change is kind of an understatement.

"Well, as you know, I'm retiring soon."

"I know. And we're all going to miss you."

He smiles, but the emotion doesn't reach his eyes. "That's very kind. And I've been on the hunt for someone to take over when I'm gone."

My eyes open wider. "I had no idea. Have you made a decision yet?" Wow, maybe he's going to crown the next king ... or queen. It could be me! I could get my broker's license.

"Well, that will be discussed at the meeting." He moves away from my desk at a rapid clip. "See you in there. Starts in two minutes."

I stare after him chewing my lip. Queen my butt. This whole situation is giving me a very bad feeling. If he had any good plans for me, certainly he would have discussed them privately before he addressed the group. He better not drop a bomb on us today. My love life is in a shambles, but I've always had my work to fall back on, and things were really looking up. As of this afternoon, I have several hot leads and appointments for showings booked solid through Friday. If Bob invites some controlling dipshit in here to mess me up, I'm going to be pissed.

I stand, no longer able to resist the pull of the conference room. Might as well get it over with. How bad can it be, anyway? I know most of the brokers in town. Any one of them would be fine, except for Hank of course, that goes without saying. But Bob knows how I feel about him. I wasn't able to hide that, although I did spare him the dirty details. He wouldn't just spring something that awful on me. He's a nice old man. Sweaty, but nice.

I make my way down the hallway. Other realtors are filtering in from outside, arriving just for the meeting. How did all of them know about it and I didn't? I make a mental note to check my calendar more closely. I should probably have a conversation with Shelley too. She's getting ready for retirement too. Maybe her mind is slipping.

I walk in the door, grab a cup of coffee, and take a seat next to another new girl. We exchange smiles and then stare at the front of the room. Bob is up there and he's holding out his hand to a man who's just come in the door behind the stragglers.

When the stranger's face finally registers, I suck in a huge gulp of air, feeling as though I've just been kicked right in the guts. Ka-chow! Judo chop!

The girl next to me turns to stare at me. "Are you okay?" she whispers.

I slowly shake my head from side to side. No, I am most definitely not okay.

Mo-ther-fuck-er.

"Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to introduce you to my heir apparent, your new broker, Hank Handler. Hank, this is your new team."

My lying, cheating, son of a bitch ex-boyfriend turns around and flashes his sleazy, cheesy grin at the room as he gestures to the girl standing next to him. "Hello, everyone. Nice to meet you. This is my assistant, Heather. Heather will be taking over for Shelley as soon as we're all moved in."

My jaw drops open and my tongue cramps. I am literally staring at my worst nightmare. Hank's right arm settles over Bob's shoulders and his left over Heather's ... Heather being the twat monster ho-bag that stole Hank from me, screwing him in my own bed when I was at work. None of them are looking at me, which is good, because if they do I'm going to vomit. I'm going to vomit and then scream and then vomit some more, right here in front of all these people.

"Are you okay?" asks the girl next to me again. She's whispering, but several people turn around to stare at me.

Then Heather looks over too and grins. She actually has the lady balls to grin at me.

Oh. My. God.

All I can say is that she is soooo very lucky I am not a ninja, because my pen would now be a Chinese star and it would be embedded in her eyeball.

I stand, weighing my options. Physical violence or retreat? What to do, what to do, what to do...

"Are we going somewhere?" Hank says, trying to be cute.

The realization that I still need to work in this town, and a reputation for punching out my broker could get in the way of that, comes to mind.

Retreat it is.

I carefully walk around the chairs that are in my way as I head for the door, desperate not to trip, but I'm not going down quietly. No, sir. I am going to give it to those bastards with both barrels.

Any politeness filter that might have been over my mouth disappears. I'm a little dizzy too. "I'm going home, Hank, to the tiny apartment I had to find at a moment's notice because Heather the ass**le moved into my bed, as you might recall." My eyes scan the room as I pause near the door, and I give my former colleagues a tight smile. "Good luck, everyone. Trust me when I say you're going to need it." I save my last shot for Bob. "Oh, and by the way ... thanks, Bob. I guess now I know why I didn't get the memo about the meeting."

Beyond humiliated, I go straight to my desk without stopping. I want to take all my stuff with me including all my office supplies, but all I have are my two arms and a not-big-enough purse. In this moment I hate that I am not Mia with a dufflebag-sized purse to put all my crap in. I manage to gather a framed picture of Mia and me, a few pens, and a box of paperclips before I'm tapped out. My laptop goes under my arm and my coffee mug in my opposite hand. I'm almost to the front door when I feel a firm grip on my arm.

Spinning around to give whoever it is a piece of my mind, I stop before I get a single syllable out because my heart is in my throat. I'm choking on the pain just the vision of his face causes me.

"Where are you going?"

Thankfully, my ability to speak returns immediately. My lips curl with distain. "As far away from you and your whore as I can get."

"Don't call her that. She's not a bad person." Hank gives me his puppy dog look.

I laugh bitterly. "Not a bad person? Excuse me, but she's the worst kind of person. A woman who steals another woman's man. Please. She's a total slut and I hope she burns in hell."

"Keep your voice down. Jesus." The puppy dog is gone. Hank is nervous.

"Why?!" I'm screeching at this point. "Because you don't want the whole team to know that you cheated on me after eight years with that whore in there who's young enough to be your daughter?!"

"She's not that young. She's twenty-two."

The office is dead silent except for the echoes of my voice. "You're forty, Hank!" I lower my voice just a tad because I can feel myself losing it completely. "Whatever. I want nothing to do with you ass**les. I'm out of here. Send me my last commission check by mail."

He grabs my arm again and pulls it hard, growling his next words. "If you're not on my book when it comes due, you don't get your last commission. I keep it."

I yank my arm away and kick at him, but he jumps out of the way before I can make contact. He smoothes down his tie once he's righted himself.

"Try and keep my money," I hiss. "See what happens." He'd better not even dare. That's supposed to pay my rent for the next several months. Asshole!

"Are you threatening me?" He laughs incredulously, like I'm not even capable of such a thing. Jesus, he doesn't even know me at all. After eight years, he still underestimates me. Why oh why oh why did I waste so much of my life on this man?

I open the door and say what I imagine to be my famous last words before I disappear from that place forever. "You bet your lying, cheating ass I'm threatening you. Do not cross me, Hank. You'll wish you were never born."

The door doesn't slam behind me like I want it to, but I abandon a better huffy exit in favor of disappearing before he can see me cry. Struggling down the street with my purse banging on my thigh, I focus on putting one foot in front of the other. I can do this. I can get home without killing someone with my car. Unless Hank happens to cross the street ... all bets are off if I catch so much as a flash of his face in front of my windshield. Can you say speed bump?

CHAPTER FOUR

William

EDWARD PULLS HIS NAPKIN OFF his lap and wipes his mouth, all the while staring at me.

"What?" I say, knowing full well that we are about to have the conversation I don't want to have.

"You've brought that slag into our father's home. Surely you have a reason other than your wanker has gone wonkers."

"Eloquent and to the point, as usual." I drop the pretense of eating and lean back in my chair.

"Did I miss something last night? Because I seem to recall you being repulsed or some similar reaction after spending mere minutes in her presence."

I could lie. I could spin a yarn so complicated and believable that he'd back down and never say another word. But I don't. Being a dust mote in a tornado does not suit me, at least not today. "She's blackmailing me, Edward, and I'm stuck. Well and truly stuck. Hang me from the gallows, it's my only hope of escape."

He smiles. "What've you done?"

"You don't have to look so happy about it."

"Of course I do. It'll be nice to be the golden boy for a change."

"Naff off."

"Seriously, though, what did you do? She'll be back soon, so out with it." He casts a glance towards the hedges.

My heart races with the idea that she'll come back and catch me in mid-confession. I'm disgusted with myself that I feel so thoroughly bent to her will, but until I come up with a plan of action, so I shall remain. I'll do anything to secure the future of my family's company. Almost anything.

"Right. Well, she apparently took a video of me and ... a friend ... in a dark corner. And she's threatening to use it to discredit me to our investors."

"What were you doing? Drugs?" Edward leans forward, his expression going serious. This is one for the record books, as Edward is never serious about anything.

"Don't be ridiculous. You know I never touch the stuff."

"Well, what is it then, man? Don't hold back the goods." He's back to smiling, of course.

"I'd rather not say. Just that we were in a delicate situation."

"A little slap and tickle, eh? A bit of snogging with a willing lass?"

"Quite. And more."

"More? You mean to say that you shagged some bint in a dark corner of the club?" He falls back into his chair, shaking his head. "You jammy bastard."

"She's not a bint, firstly, and secondly, I'm not jammy. Not at all. I'm very un-jammy, if you must know. That bitch hanging onto Father's arm is trying to ruin me. As it is, she's forced me to bring her here under the pretense that it's an actual date." I shudder at the idea.

He rolls his eyes. "Please. She'd be doing you a favor by sharing that tape. A sex tape will enhance your reputation around this town. Trust me on this."

"I don't believe that's correct. Our investors will not be impressed. I'm supposed to be the responsible one."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Edward's expression darkens.

"You know exactly what it's supposed to mean." The fact that he's sitting there denying his knowledge of our roles in the family scheme of things puts me on edge.

"No, I don't, actually. Why don't you enlighten me?"

Perhaps I should pay closer attention to his tone and heed the tension I sense there, but I'm too strung out to bother. "Fine, you want to hear it, I'll say it. You're the ne'er do well, the one who fancies himself a playboy, skipping about town with a different woman on your arm every night. I'm the one in the office first thing every day and out of it last thing every evening. I'm the one expected to keep the business running and the pension paying out for our father's lifestyle. Unlike you, I cannot afford to have my reputation sullied in any way that would lead our investors to believe I am not the man for the job of protecting their assets."

Edward smiles at me, but it has a bitter feel to it. "I had no idea you felt this way about me, brother."

"Oh toss off, Edward. Don't play the fool for me. No one is looking. You don't have to pretend to be offended over something we've both known since you were in nappies."

Edward stands just as my father and Ingrid come walking up the lawn to the terrace.

"Where are you going?" My father asks. He's offended as he realizes the brunch is about to be ruined by someone leaving early. He hates when people leave before the appointed hour.

"Just leaving. I have an appointment. Must scurry."

"But we haven't even started with the eggs!" Father's face is turning pink.

"Have my share. I found I've lost my appetite." Edward doesn't look at me as he leaves the table, and I can't help but feel guilty.

"Edward, don't go, stay with us," I say. I plead, really, because I realize now that I've just made my team of three Stratfords against one viper a team of ... none. There is no team if Edward leaves me behind. I never know on which side of the pitch my father fancies himself from one day to the next, but all my life I've known that when push comes to shove, Edward would be right next to me. And yet I've caused him to walk out the door and leave me here. With her.

"Cheers, then ... give us a bell later," Edward says, like it really means nothing to him that I've rejected him and that he's done exactly the same to me.

I remain cemented to my chair, gutted yet emotionally unable to stop him from leaving. I have no idea why. We've been arguing all our lives. Why should today's disagreement be any different?

The door slamming shut behind him reminds me of finality. Endings. Closures. I'm a perfectly capable, highly educated man, but in this moment I have a much greater fear for my future than I did before I came here today. Strange that it's been brought about by the idea of Edward no longer standing beside me. I must be going mad.

"What'd you say to him?" my father asks, still standing there.

"Yes, Will, what did you say?" Ingrid is towering over me with an eyebrow raised at me.

"Nothing of consequence. I believe he has an appointment with the proctologist. Pass the jam would you?"

My father sits down with a storm cloud floating above his head. Ingrid ignores my crass comment and begins a discussion about roses that keeps my father occupied for the remainder of the meal. All the while I stare at my plate, my silverware, my water glass, and anything else I can find that isn't Ingrid.

Somewhere between the bacon and the blood pudding, I send up a prayer in the hope that my mother the angel is up there listening this dreadful Sunday morn.

Mother, help me lose this lunatic woman. I pause and then decide that if I'm going to enlist the help of angels, I should go ahead and ask for the moon while I'm at it. And help me find Jennifer No-Last-Name so I can finish what we started, once and for all.

CHAPTER FIVE

Jennifer

I'VE USED UP A WHOLE box of tissues by the time Mia comes by at lunchtime and sits down beside me at my computer. She's the kind of friend who shows up to rescue me from the ledge after just a single text. I know I'm lucky to have her, but right now I'm wondering if I should have stayed off the phone so I could be miserable all alone.

"You look awful," she says, handing me another tissue from her purse. "Please wipe your nose before you make me hurl."

I do as she asks as I stare at the screen. I'm a mere robot. Tell me what to do and I will do it without question. Beep boop beep. There's really no point in thinking for myself anymore. All it does is get me in trouble. Did I really say all that stuff in front of some of the most successful realtors in town? Yes. I really did. Oh, the humiliation.

"So what are we going to do with you?" she asks, pulling me sideways with her arm wrapped around the back of my shoulders.

I lean my head on hers, too weak to fight off her support. "Shoot me. Put me out of my misery."

"Phooey on that. Come on, let's go make a plan." She stands.

I point at the screen and sniff. "I am making a plan. See?" I wipe the tissue under my nose. It's starting to hurt. I'll probably have a rash under my nostrils tomorrow from all the nose-blowing I've been doing. That'll be attractive.

She leans down and looks at the screen. "Hmmm ... a list. Let's see what you have here... One, become a prostitute. Two, join the Navy. Three, drown sorrows in OJ and wait for sugar seizures." Mia sighs and settles her gaze on me. "How about you just find another broker and keep doing what you do best?"

I stare at the computer screen and imagine myself sitting in another conference room getting the news that Hank is my boss. I never thought it could happen once and it did, so that means it could happen again and again and again. "Because. I can't trust any of those ass**les that they won't sell out to the devil. Besides, Hank says he's keeping my last commissions, so what's the point? No one will want me."

Mia snorts and it makes me feel even worse. "Please," she says. "As if he could do that. You'd have a lawyer on his ass so fast it would make his head spin."

My voice comes out all whiney. "I don't have the money for a lawyer, Mia. I have enough savings to pay rent for a few months and that's it. I'll be eating noodles and using one-ply TP until I'm forty." I let my head drop back so I can stare at the ceiling. The lumpy surface is stained from old water leaks. I hate my life.

"No, you won't. Geez, would you stop with the pity party, already? It's getting super old and definitely lame. It's not like you to be so weak."

I want to be mad at her for being so mean, but I can't. She's right. I'm even pissing myself off at this point. "What happened to me, Mia?" I look over at her with my puffy eyes. "When did I become such a wiener?"

She gives me a pity smile. "You're not a wiener. You've just been knocked down and kicked a little bit by life, but that doesn't mean you deserved it. It happens to everyone once in a while. The difference between a wiener and you is that a wiener would use this as an excuse to quit. You're not going to do that."

"I'm not?"

"No. Hell no, you're not."

"What should I do?" My arms hang listlessly next to my chair. I literally do not have the energy right now to lift them or make my own decisions.

"If this were me sitting here bawling and making stupid lists, what would you advise me to do?"

"I don't know." Dropping my chin to my chest, I stare down into my lap.

"Bullshit. Tell me. Advise me. You're good at that stuff."

"I am?" I look into her eyes again. It doesn't seem like she's just trying to make me feel better. My arms lift to rest in my lap.

"Yes. Who was the one who told me to follow my passions after my divorce?"

"Me, I guess." We hardly knew each other then. I used to be an awesome friend when I wasn't feeling sorry for myself all the time. Hank took so much from me. The question is, why did I let him?

"Exactly. And that's what led me to working for Malcolm."

Rolling my eyes, I respond. "And that's worked out so well."

"As a matter of fact, it has. I got a raise today." She grins huge.

I narrow my eyes. "Tell me you didn't blow him."

She slaps me hard enough to sting. "No, bitch, I did not blow him. I worked my ass off."

"Not bent over?"

Another slap, but this time I laugh.

"Ow, watch it."

"Stop acting like I'm a ho. I worked for it the regular way. And he finally gave me a little recognition."

"That was long overdue," I say, reaching over and taking Mia's waist into a hug. "Congrats. You're awesome."

She pats me on the head. "I know. But it's nice to know my boss acknowledges it officially."

We pull apart and I stare at her. She's so pretty and smart and strong. "I wish I was more like you."

She reaches over and tries to fix my hair but gives up pretty quickly. "You're way better off being you, trust me." Taking me by the hand, she makes me stand and walks over to my couch. Sitting down, she drags me down with her so we can sit side-by-side. We put our feet up on the coffee table and both sigh at the exact same time.

"So what's the plan, Stan?" she asks. "New job, right?"

I shrug. "I guess. I have no idea where, though."

"How about you call up William and ask him if there's a position open for you?" She snort-giggles.

"Very funny."

She whacks me on the upper arm with the back of her hand and sits up a little, suddenly excited. "No, wait, I'm serious."

I roll my eyes. "I will smother you with a pillow if I have to."

"No, really, listen." She's getting all amped up now, so I'm forced to turn around and give her my full attention. Otherwise, I'm likely to get hit again.

"What?"

"He deals in investment property. You have all kinds of investment property in your client base. Go sell him some of your stuff!" She bounces a few times on her cushion.

"I need to hang my license with a broker. I can't just walk around selling property as a freelance realtor."

"Hang it with him!" She grabs my arm and squeezes the crud out of it.

"Ow, lemme go."

"No, listen!"

"Geez, I'm listening, lighten up."

She lets me go and claps her hands several times rapidly. "He must have a broker's license or know someone who does. Just go there and then show him your stuff. I don't mean stuff as in your hootchie, of course, I mean, he's already seen that ... show him your properties."

Just the idea makes butterflies spontaneously appear and begin battle formations in my stomach. "No, I couldn't do that."

"Why not?"

"Because. Just ... because." Goosebumps break out all over my legs.

She folds her arms across her chest and stops bouncing. "Give me one good reason. Just one, and I'll let it go."

I shake my head.

"One. That's all you need to give me." She's teasing me now. I know this tone well; she senses victory on the horizon. Blood in the water.

I throw up my hands. "Fine. You want one reason? It'll make me look desperate. There. That's your reason."

"Bullshit. It'll make you look like a hungry businesswoman. You're in sales, for God's sake. Act like it."

"Yeah, but we slept together. Twice!"

"Slept? Are you sure there was any sleeping involved?" She giggles again.

I shove her but she goes nowhere. "Shut up."

"Seriously." She's giving me the disappointed look.

"Seriously what?"

"Seriously call him! What do you have to lose?"

"My pride, maybe?" She can't be serious. I hate being desperate, but even more so, I hate looking desperate. Ugh.

"And how much is that worth to you right now, being unemployed and two months from homeless?"

"A lot, actually!" She has some nerve judging me like this. I'm almost ready to be mad at her.

She stands. "Try and guess how many prideful people end up eating in soup kitchens." She's halfway to the door before I can answer.

"None!"

She fixes me with a dead serious glare and drops her tone. "Think again, okay? Just ... think again." And then she's gone.

I sit there on the couch staring at the door. I've known Mia for years, but it's clear she has a past that she keeps very separate from her current life, a past I know very little about. In some ways my best friend is an open book, but when it comes to life before we met, her memories are locked in a bank vault that no one has the combination for. This is the closest I've been to learning anything about it.

Was Mia hinting that she was homeless at some point? How is that even possible?

I stand, shaking off the idea. Ridiculous. Mia is and always has been sophisticated, confident, and balsy. No way could she ever end up on the streets. The streets are for people who have illnesses. Drug addictions. Problems way too difficult to handle alone.

I glance over at my computer screen. Fear rushes through me as I realize that I'm not that far away from having to make some very hard choices. Mia would offer to take me in, but I'd feel terrible about taking advantage of her. I have to be able to pay my own way and take care of myself. I'm an adult for shit's sake. I cannot end up homeless. I just can't.

I flop back down into my chair in front of my laptop. My fingers fly over the keyboard and without me even thinking about it, they've brought up William Stratford's contact information from his company's website. I swallow with difficulty as I stare at my phone.

Can I do this? Can I really call the man who I'm never supposed to talk to again and ask him for a job?

CHAPTER SIX

William

TODAY IS A RECORD DAY for me. It is the first Monday I've arrived in the office before five in the morning. I'm normally an early-to-work person, but desperation has turned me into a madman. I'll do anything to avoid bumping into Ingrid the brunch hijacker. I believe she has enough class to leave me to my own devices whilst inside my office. I hope. The only danger zones where I might bump into her are the lobby and the elevator, both of which I have studiously avoided. Being winded by a bit of stair climbing is a small price to pay for my sanity.

The PandLs from our overseas division reveal nothing. Not because there's nothing to see there, but because every time I try to focus on the numbers they begin to swim before my eyes. I cannot concentrate on a single thing besides the last conversation I had with Ingrid when I dropped her off at her car following brunch.

Sleep with her this weekend at her place? Preposterous. It will never happen. Not in a million years. Don't get me wrong ... I enjoy the opposite sex with unrivaled enthusiasm when the situation is right, but I am no gigolo. I have exactly five days to figure out how to remove her fangs from my manly parts, and I will succeed. I merely lack a few resources to accomplish this today, but certainly they cannot be that difficult to acquire. Money is no object. I will win at this game she's playing, there is no doubt about that. And I will do it without a smidge of tarnish ending up on the company's reputation.

"Sir?"

A frizzy red head has appeared in my doorway, causing me to check my desk clock. Tick tock, it's already eight o'clock. Where has the morning gone?

"Yes, Miss Meechum?" I press my lips together, expressing my irritation with her interruption. Can't she see I'm busy staring at blurred figures on paper right now?

"Is there anything you need?" she asks in a meek voice.

I frown at her. "Have I sent you a message or an email?"

"No, sir."

"Then I believe you have your answer."

She bites her lip and stares at the carpet.

"Are you ill?" I set my papers down on the desktop. I wasn't joking about my oriental rug before. If she takes another step inside my office as an ill person and manages to ruin my carpet, I will terminate her without a second thought.

"No. I'm just wondering ... if you are. Not feeling well, I mean." She pushes the door open a bit more and puts a leg inside.

"Tut tut ... stop right there." I hold up a hand. "What are you about, then? I'm busy here and feeling just fine, thank you for your concern, but you can go back to your desk now."

Oblivious to my stop signal, she continues to work her way into my office. Now her entire head is inside and her outrageously pink suit is as well. Whoever it is who convinced this poor woman that pink is the new black should be taken outdoors and flogged.

"It's just that ... it's eight o'clock, and usually by now you've sent me ten messages and emails and given me five different things to do." She takes a sprig of hair in her finger and begins winding it round and round. "I've made a paperclip chain that's about five feet long."

I blink a few times with purpose, hoping the effort will both calm me and assist me with understanding her frivolity. Unfortunately, it does not appear to be working.

"Are you asking for sick leave?"

She frowns. "No. Why would you think that?"

"I assumed you were educating me on the nuances of your treatment plan. Are paperclip chains some sort of therapy for a mental illness you failed to disclose on your CV?"

"No," she smiles and comes into the room completely, shutting the door behind her. "You're so silly. I'm just bored, Mr. Stratford. You haven't given me anything to do today. It's Monday. We have a whole week ahead of us. There's got to be something you need help with."

I roll my eyes heavenward for a moment, hoping someone up there will help me. I'm so distracted by the idea of angels sending me signals that my mouth gets ahead of my brain. "What you can do is practice your computer hacking skills, as I believe I will be needing them shortly."

Her jaw drops open in a very unladylike fashion and her complexion turns pale. "Are you serious?"

I wave her off, embarrassed that she's caught me dreaming aloud. It appears as if I'm falling apart. First, I make the decidedly stupid decision to have sexual intercourse in the middle of a public club, and then I nearly suggest to my assistant that she hack into a computer to save my sorry arse ... the assistant who tangles her hair in baskets and makes very long paperclip chains. Perhaps I do need a doctor.

"No, of course I'm not serious. I don't mean to be rude, but would you mind please going away? Far away? I'm very busy right now. Make another paperclip chain if you must, but don't interrupt me again unless someone is bleeding from an artery."

She backs up until her heels hit the wall behind her, next to my door. "Sir, I'm going to call your father and ask him what to do."

I stand abruptly and point my pen at her. "You will do no such thing." I've spoken with quite a bit more force than I meant to. Taking a deep breath, I smooth down the front of my tie and my ruffled emotions.

"Sir?" She shrinks down to two-thirds her normal size. It's quite impressive, actually, how much air she's able to hold inside her body.

"This is none of his business," I clarify in a much calmer tone. "If you have a question, you come to me. You work for me, not him."

"Of course, sir. I wasn't saying ..."

I have no interest in hearing the rest of her drivel. I sit down and pick up my papers once more. "Run along, then. Get to work. Surely you can keep yourself busy for the morning until I'm ready to speak with you again."

"Yes, of course. I can do that, no problem at all. Just let me know if you need anything. I'll be right outside." She grabs the door and throws it open, catching it before it swings too far. A lump of frizz falls into her face and she attempts to blow it away. She fails. I now have spittle on my door frame.

"Right. Cheerio." I ignore the rest of her exit in favor of staring at swimming numbers.

She takes the hint and disappears, but she doesn't leave me alone for long. As the clock on my desk rings gently that it's half-past the hour, a private message window pops up on my desktop.

"I did leave some details off my CV."

My hands rise up to rub my face. I'm afraid I'm seeing imaginary things; but no, her message is still there. What are we doing now? Confessions? Have I somehow become an agony aunt for the office? I scrub and scrub at my face, running my fingers through my hair when I'm finished. It's possible I need a vacation. If I thought I could take one without Ingrid showing up to claim her spot next to me, I'd leave right now. Right this very second. Barbados, anyone?

Instead, I lower my fingers to the keyboard and type out my response.

"I'm certain I don't need to know."

Curiosity keeps my eyes glued to the screen. I am not disappointed when she replies swiftly.

"I'm certain you do want to know."

Edward would sweep his hand across the desk and throw everything to the floor. He'd grab the brass and crystal clock and throw it against the wall making a terrific disaster that everyone would talk about for months. Today, I wish I could be Edward. But I am not. I am me.

"Come speak to me at your earliest convenience."

Turning my chair to face the door, I sit back and fold my hands in my lap. When I realize this makes me appear too kind, I rest them on the arms of my chair. There. That will strike fear into her heart. I am a lion and I will bite your frizzy head off if you displease me. Roar, indeed.

The pink suit is back. "Can I come in?"

"I don't know. Can you?" Grammar lessons are lost on her. I know this, and yet I persist.

She frowns in confusion but opens the door anyway. "I think so."

I look purposefully at the chair in front of me and she takes the hint. I say nothing as she settles herself in and then stares at me.

If this is to be a battle of wills, I shall win. She knows this and I know this. The silence in the room gathers, waiting to see who will bend first.

"I have a confession to make," she says. She lets out a stream of air like a balloon being deflated. Her helmet of red frizz trembles a bit at the ends.

"So I gathered."

"I left some skills off my CV."

My eyebrow goes up. If she offers me sexual favors I shall send her packing. I'm using all my defenses against Ingrid; I cannot be expected to fight them all. I am a man, after all is said and done.

"Do tell," I say dryly.

"I'm good with computers."

I sigh heavily. She's so dull-witted I'm almost convinced she's sucking the intelligence right out of my brain, just by sitting across from me. Would an aluminum hat protect me from the effects? I'm almost tempted to fashion one from odds and ends in the kitchenette. I shall enlist the help of the coffee pot.

"Do you know what I mean?" she asks.

"I suppose it means you know how to turn one on, click the mouse, enter data, print things ..." I shake my head, hoping she'll give me more to work with. "I really do have things to do today, Miss Meechum. Surely you do as well."

"I want to help you." She appears desperate.

"You have helped me. You printed out the reports I asked for, you compiled them." I realize then that she's fearing for her job. "You've nothing to worry about at the moment. I'm not going to make you redundant."

She frowns. "What does that mean?"

"It means I won't be terminating your employment. Not today."

"Oh. Well, I wasn't really worried about that."

My chin moves back towards my neck. She's surprised me, which isn't easy to do. "What are you about, then? Why the messages, interrupting my work?" I flick a gaze over to my screen where her private message sits.

She leans over, grabs the arms of her chair and drags it closer to my desk before sitting again. She's speaking barely above a whisper. "I sent that to you because you said that thing about hacking computers."

My foolish mouth has gotten me into trouble again. Time to repair the damage. "It was a poorly timed joke. Nothing to worry about. Forget I said it."

"I could do that. Hack a computer. If you needed me to, I mean. I mean, not like to steal money or be a thief, because I follow the law ... for the most part ... but if you needed to see inside someone's computer, I could help you with that."

My motor nerves have gone numb. I'm frozen, like an Abraham Lincoln statue, in my chair. The only things I can move are my fingers and they are gripping the arm rests enough to turn my knuckles white.

"Whatever are you talking about?" I manage to say a few seconds later.

She twists her mouth all around, her gaze darting from my desk to my computer, to my clock, and to my wall. She is looking everywhere but at me.

"Miss Meechum, I asked you a simple question and I expect an answer that makes sense."

She stands all of a sudden. "Never mind. I'm just being silly." She points at me. "Ha, ha, joke's on you!" She moves around her chair, backing towards the door.

I'm struck speechless. She is a complete ninny, and all I can do is stare at her as she stumbles towards the door. Before I can construct a response, she is gone again.

My only companion is the clock, and it continues to tick-tock, tick-tock, reminding me of how much closer the weekend is now than it was just moments before.

I swivel sideways in my chair and look at my screen. Why on earth would she send me this message as a joke? She wouldn't, now would she? That would make even less sense than the thing being true.

Could it be true? That the daft woman on the other side of the wall isn't nearly as daft as she appears? Doubt trickles in. Yes, I suppose it's possible. She does know her way around a spreadsheet, more so than any previous assistants I've been forced to endure. And she did become very nervous when she accidentally mentioned hacking into my email account that one time...

A light of hope sparks to life inside my chest. Ingrid has me by the short hairs but only because she holds a computer file over my head. What if she no longer had that file? What if I could erase it from existence?

This glimpse of freedom is all it takes for me to consider the impossible. Before this weekend, I would have ended the employ of Miss Meechum just for admitting to not being entirely truthful in her interview, for admitting that she engages in questionable practices that involve computers. But today, I view this as an opportunity, a skill to be utilized in the running of my business. The fact that it's more my personal business than that of the company does give me pause, but it does not stop me from sending my next message over the computer lines directly to her desk:

"Show me what you can do."

CHAPTER SEVEN

Jennifer

MY FINGERS TREMBLE AS I dial the phone. I can do this. Why am I so freaked out? Probably because I know that this is an act of desperation, that somehow William will figure out that I've Googled him fifty times and will come to the conclusion that I'm a freak. I'm just glad Mia left and isn't here to witness my shame.

I fully expect to have to work my way through several layers of secretaries, so when the voice at the other end of the line is male and has a British accent, I'm taken aback.

"Stratford Investments, how may I help you?"

"Uhh ... ummm ... hello. May I speak with ... William? Mr. Stratford, I mean?"

"That would depend," says the voice.

My face heats up and my belly warms. I'm almost sure this is William himself, but just in case it's his brother or a cousin or a completely unrelated British man, I keep my cool. Or at least, I try to keep my cool, even though my heart is doing flips in my chest.

"Okay, well, my name is Jennifer, and I'm a realtor currently looking to hang my license with a broker who is interested in making some commercial property investments. I have several clients who will come with me."

There's a pause and then finally a response. I'm sweating as I wait for it.

"Jennifer No-Last-Name, is that it? Is that who I shall say is calling?"

I'm almost positive this is William. The hint of a smile behind his voice is undeniable.

"Yes, you can tell him that if you want. Or you could just give him my real last name if you prefer."

"Hmmm, I'm not sure that I do prefer it. A bit of mystery is always fun, wouldn't you agree?"

Is this a hint? Is he telling me to get lost? That he prefers not knowing who I am? Or is he flirting? My heart is ready to explode, it's beating so fast. What should I say? What would Mia say?

I decide that playing it cool, casual, and possibly stupid is my best bet. I don't want to get ahead of myself. "If you say so. Listen, ummm, if this isn't William could you tell him to call me back?"

"And if it is William?" he asks.

My ears are on fire. "Well, I'd first want to know why he's answering his own phone, and second, I would hang up so I could go die from embarrassment."

Oh god! Honesty? Seriously?! That was my grand plan? Ugh. Why did I just say that?

"Embarrassed?" he asks. "Whyever would you be embarrassed?"

I'm in full-on panic mode now. I can't tell if he's mocking me or if he's even William at this point. Maybe British people like to pull pranks. Or maybe this isn't him. Maybe it just sounds like him. It could be his son. Oh, God! What if he's married with kids?!

"I have to go," I blurt out. "Nice talking to you." And then I hang up the phone.

Dropping my head to my kitchen table, I moan. This is so not how I saw this phone call going. Yes, I thought it would be awkward, but a total disaster? No. That was not on my radar. Since when am I twelve years old on a telephone? Maybe I should skip therapy and check myself into a residential treatment place or something.

A minute or two later, my phone rings on the table, the vibration making it buzz and bump along the surface. I tilt my head up and open one eye. My heart flips again imagining it could be William, but the caller ID shows unknown, not Stratford Investments. I push the red button to send it to voicemail. I'm not in the mood to fend off any sales pitches right now, and if it's Hank, he can kiss my big white butt. I'm never speaking to him again unless it's to discuss the details of him paying me my commission.

I'm pouring myself a glass of OJ when the phone beeps to tell me I have a message. Maybe it wasn't a sales call. Those people usually don't leave traces of their harassment behind. I press the button to listen to it over my speaker phone. My glass freezes halfway to my mouth as the voice comes out and fills the kitchen. The voice with the British accent.

"Jennifer No-Last-Name, I presume? I hope you don't mind that I've taken your number from the caller identification. This is William Stratford. You rang to speak with me today, but then you disconnected the call, I believe on purpose. I must admit to being extremely disappointed at that turn of events, and I apologize if I said anything that caused you strife. I hope you have not abandoned all thoughts of making me a proposal? Because I can assure you, I'd be interested in hearing it. I remain at your disposal. Please ring me back. I believe you have the number."

It's a good thing my glass is thick, otherwise I'd have crushed it by now, I'm squeezing it so hard. He wants me to call him back. He's interested in my proposal!

I chew my lip until it's tender. There's a battle going on inside me that's whipping my emotions and my hormones up into one hell of a tornado. We're talking business, here, not personal stuff. But his tone was so sexy! I could practically feel him touching me. Maybe it's on purpose, but maybe that's just how he always is. How would I know? I've always been around him with the understanding that we were going to have sex. Of course he'd be all sexy then, but maybe it's just his persona.

I don't want to pick up the wrong vibe and make a fool of myself. Maybe I should just go at it one hundred percent professional and pretend like we never met before. Would that be weird? But wouldn't it also be weird to act like our one-night stand means something more than it did? It sure doesn't mean he owes me a business relationship. But then to act like I don't even know him ... that's just strange. I know him probably better than most people.

Ugh, this is awful. Why did I listen to Mia? She says her plans are great, but they aren't. Her plans suck. I tap my fingernails on the table over and over. When that does nothing to help ease my racing mind, I spin the phone around and around, but that's not helping either. I keep thinking about my future, my rent coming due, my business life falling apart. William has asked me for a proposal, a business proposal, but it's probably a terrible idea to even go down that road.

But what other options do I have right now? Sure I could hang my license with another broker. But then with Hank's world domination scheme going, chances are I'd run into him again, maybe even find myself stuck with him again in a conference room. A girl can only do so many grand exits before they start looking pitiful.

And there's Heather. Errrgh, Heather. I couldn't ever work with that woman. I don't even trust myself to see her again and not go all Kill Bill on her. I wish I were a more physically violent person. Slapping her would give me so much satisfaction, and I'm pretty sure I wouldn't regret it one bit. But then again, she's living with Hank now, and working with him too. Isn't she already suffering?

I smile at that concept and my entire mood changes. That's right. Heather did me a favor. I should probably send her flowers or a gift. She and Hank totally deserve each other.

Before I can stop myself, I go on my computer and do exactly what I just fantasized about. Giggling like a maniac, I use my limited funds to put in an order with an online florist for an ugly mixed bouquet stuck into a giant coffee cup. It's almost like I'm on drugs, I'm so dizzy with happiness. The card will read: To Hank and Heather, As you sow, so shall you reap. You two deserve each other. I guess I'm feeling a little dramatic with a touch of some Fatal Attraction action thrown in for good measure, but what the hell. Might as well go balls-out with my petty revenge, right?

It's almost cleansing, to fight back in that little way. I feel powerful and alive, not nearly as pitiful as I did earlier. William called me and said he wants a proposal, and that's exactly what I'm going to give him.

I scramble to pull together the documents I will need and make the phone calls to my clients to be sure they'll follow me over. One Powerpoint, eight client confirmations, and several scanned items later, and I'm ready. I just hope he hasn't decided in the last two hours to change his mind.

CHAPTER EIGHT

William

IT FIGURES THAT THE ONE time my assistant is too tied up to take a call, Jennifer rings. It's not that I mind having her catch me playing at receptionist, it's just that I felt totally unprepared to manage the situation. Too many things are happening at once. I've just agreed to watch Miss Meechum show me her hacking talents, and I'm still worried about the fact that Ingrid has my goolies in her pocketbook. Now the mystery woman who was supposed to stay in my past forever, but who I cannot get off my mind, is calling me at work? Surprise! Welcome to the looney bin!

I used to fancy myself a multi-tasker of the highest degree. I now know that to be a complete falsehood and more than a dramful of wishful thinking. Sadly, I am like most men I know, one-track minded. And right now my mind is on the track of getting rid of Ingrid and the little problem she presents. That's my excuse for mucking up the call with Jennifer and making a complete toad of myself. I didn't even get her last name when I had the opportunity. I should know better than to try to be cute.

"Okay, I'm back." Miss Meechum is standing in my doorway, all smiles and pink. "Do you want me to show you now?"

It is possible that the mere mention of showing me her skills caused Miss Meechum to need to run to the loo, but I don't ask for explanations. She had to leave and now she's back. To show me her hacking skills. Good God, what was I thinking?

She wants to know if I'm ready for potential disaster. "I'm not sure, to be honest."

Laughing, she comes fully into the room. "You're so funny. You need to move, though, so I can sit in your spot." She picks up the chair across from my desk and carries it over, dropping it on my foot in the process as I attempt to move out of her path.

I try to manage the pain with a sharp intake of breath, but it's not enough. "Bloody hell!" I growl out, limping in a small circle.

"Oh my god! I'm so sorry!" Her hands flutter around like injured birds. "I totally nailed your foot!"

"Not to worry," I grunt, holding out an arm to keep her from getting too close. "I have another." I stand upright and limp over to the chair she's provided, waiting for her to sit in mine before I'm able to relax. Just being near her is risky. I'd never stand next to her in a kitchen. Too many knives about to be safe.

She glances over her shoulder at me for a moment, still worried, but then she quickly gives all her attention to the computer. "Do you want me to explain what I'm doing as I go?"

"Do you want me to listen to what you have to say when it's important?"

"Uhhh ... yes?"

"Then, no. Just do what you do and give me a summary of the highlights."

Her fingers fly across the keyboard so rapidly, I cannot keep track of the words she's typing. Screens open and close, and yet I never see her actually touch the mouse. It is impressive, I must admit.

"What is that you're doing there?" I ask, no longer able to remain a mere spectator.

She sighs. "I thought you didn't want to know."

I frown. "I don't. Forget I asked."

I'm not sure how much time passes. My eyes go blurry at all the activity on my computer monitor and my mind begins to wander.

Jennifer called me. Jennifer Still-No-Last-Name. And she wants to work with me? It's so out of the blue, I'm having a hard time assimilating the idea into my work life. She has some investments I might be interested in, or so she says. She's looking for a broker? Does this mean she quit her current broker specifically to be with me? No, that would be absurd. It would be frightening as well. It rings of commitment, one I'm not prepared to make. I'm already in enough trouble; I don't need any stalkers added to my pile. Jennifer could never be a stalker, though. I don't know her that well outside of our little arrangement, but I know that much.

Perhaps she's merely focused on her business and this has nothing to do with our tryst or feelings she might have for me. Her ad did say she was a successful businesswoman. Stratford Investments is cream of the crop, my father and I have seen to that. Who wouldn't want to shelve their hat in our wardrobe? Perhaps she was already at loose ends when I met her, and after spending more time in my company she's decided I'm worth seeing on a more professional level.

Could I be happy with that? Satisfied with being colleagues? Could I work in the same space as Jennifer and not stare at her beautiful br**sts, not long to be nestled between her thighs, not re-play over and over the two best sexual events of my life?

Probably not.

The question is, would this be what she'd expect? Or would she be open to something more ... interesting? There's absolutely no way for me to know unless I ask her. My dratted blood pressure spikes up just considering the idea. Our meeting was only to be for a single night. I wrangled another from her by wile alone. I'm not sure I'm up to doing it again in such a suave manner. I'll surely come off as a cad.

But she might say yes. She could say that she wants to see me again and it would be here in my office and we'd talk business, but then perhaps our conversation would take a turn for the past and we'd talk about how lovely it was to see one another again and then if I say everything right after that, she might take off her blouse.

"I'll be right back." I stand, only a shadow of pain left in my damaged foot. "I need to make a quick phone call."

"I'm almost done." Miss Meechum pauses in her typing to look at me.

"Won't take but a moment." Now that the idea has planted itself in my mind, it will not be denied. I retrieve the last incoming phone number off the screen of my telephone and use it to ring Jennifer back on my cell as I step out of my office and close the door. My palms become clammy with sweat as I stand out in the corridor. The employees working busily in their cubicles look up at me with curiosity, so I turn my back and face my closed door.

She isn't answering. Bloody hell, that cannot be a good sign. But I shall carry on and leave a message because I cannot succeed without even giving it a go, now can I?

I end the call after speaking to her mailbox and step back into my office. Miss Meechum is grinning at me. It's very disconcerting with all that hair involved.

"Come see what I did."

I make my way around the desk and look at the monitor. There's an email inbox showing, but it's not mine.

"What is that?" I lean in closer. The name Ingrid leaps out at me like a neon banner, and my heart literally stops beating. I rub my chest as it kick-starts again and rushes to catch up to its normal rhythm.

"It's that woman's email." She giggles. "She thinks she's all that and a bag of doughnuts, but she's not."

I choke to get my heart going again. "Pardon me, but, uhh ..." Words are failing me. I used to be so eloquent.

Miss Meechum looks up at me over her shoulder. "I don't like her. She came in here this morning as I was unlocking the front door, demanding to see you. She has a lot of nerve."

I'm taken aback. "She did?" And here I thought I was safe inside my office. I've underestimated my nemesis once again.

"Yes. But I told her in no uncertain terms that you do not see people without an appointment and that she could call later after I've had my coffee and I'd see what you have available."

I'm filled with a sense of gratitude like I've never known before. "If I weren't so afraid of your hair, Miss Meechum, I would embrace you right now."

She frowns. "Why would you be afraid of my hair?"

I grin as best I can. Surely it's more of a grimace, but hopefully she won't notice. "Because it's ever so lovely, of course. Wouldn't want to c**k it up."

She bursts out laughing. "You have no idea what you just said." Turning back to the computer monitor, she sighs happily. "You British ... you're so funny and you don't even know it."

I look back at the screen, happy to change the subject. "So, you chose this particular email inbox because ..."

"I told you. Because she's a big jerk and she deserves to be hacked."

The room goes silent. I fancy I can hear her rapid heartbeat. Or perhaps it's my own.

She looks up at me. "Is there any way you could forget I just said that?"

"Absolutely." I sit down in my chair and turn hers around so she's facing front. I am looking at the side of her, afraid to make it any more intimate than it already is by turning her completely round, but desperately needing to see her expression when I speak to her. "I have a confession to make."

Miss Meechum's expression goes from worried to excited. She tries to turn her chair to face mine, but I hold it fast, so instead she twists her head sideways.

"You do?" she asks. "To me?" Her smile drops. "I hope you're not about to ask me out."

"Ask you out? As in on a date?"

"Yes."

"No, good god, no."

"Oh. Okay." She frowns at me.

"I need to confess something I've done, which necessitates me asking you to do something that is not exactly in your job description."

She twists her mouth this way and that for a moment as she considers what I've said and then says, "As long as it's not a sexual favor, I'm probably going to be fine with it."

I shake my head to both assure her and to remove any images of a naked Miss Meechum from my mind that might have just tried to crop up. Nightmares do not suit me at any time of the day.

"This Ingrid person," I gesture at the computer screen, "has caused me a great deal of inconvenience."

"I can imagine. She's relentless." She rolls her eyes in commiseration.

"You don't know the half of it."

"Really?" She's immediately intensely curious. "Tell me. What'd she do?"

I take hold of my tie, smoothing it out, dropping my eyes to examine the pattern in the silk. I find it's impossible to look my assistant in the eye as I tell her my secrets. I wish there were some other way out of this, but I cannot think of one that is more expedient or less risky.

"I must have your assurances that this conversation will never leave this office. Your complete discretion is absolutely necessary." I lift my eyes to watch her reaction.

"Of course. I promise. You can count on me." She appears to be telling the truth. I wish I knew for certain if this was the case.

"I'm completely serious, Miss Meechum. If this information were to be shared, it would be very damaging to both my reputation and that of this company. We could both lose our positions here."

"You can count on me, Mr. Stratford. Seriously. I have all kinds of secrets in my head right now that I'll never tell." She puts an X on her chest. "Cross my heart and hope to die, stick a needle in my eye."

A needle? In her eye? "Whyever would you do that?"

"It's just an expression, silly." She smiles like she hasn't a care in the world.

I stare at her, trying to give her a spontaneous eyeball-to-eyeball lie detector test, but I cannot tell whether it's working. She seems so innocent and daft on the surface, but it's obvious there's a lot more going on beneath that frizzy red hair helmet than meets the eye. I shall have to move forward with the knowledge that I could sell her down the river for illegal hacking activities just as easily as she could share my indiscretions. It's not a perfect security system, but it's better than nothing. The expression as thick as thieves comes to mind.

"I was at a nightclub a couple nights ago, and I was with a lady friend."

"Is it the one I found for you?" She's much too excited about the idea, but I cannot afford to alienate her by mentioning it.

"Yes. Quite. And while in this club, I engaged in some rather ... private activity that it turns out was caught on tape."

"Oooooh, sex tape." She waggles a finger at me. "Baaad boooy, Mr. Stratford."

"Exactly. You have not yet heard the worst of it, though, I'm afraid."

"Well? Don't keep me waiting." She lowers her voice to a whisper. "Is it really bad?"

"The owner of the club is that horrid woman Ingrid. She is holding the tape and has threatened to ruin me over it."

Miss Meechum begins to laugh. A pig-like snort is added a few moments into her hysteria, and I have to push my chair back to ensure I remain safe from whatever is about to fly from her mouth next.

"I fail to see what is so amusing about my ruination."

She takes a breath and waves her hand in the air. "I'm sorry ... it's just ... -snort- ... you're worried about your reputation because you had sex in a club? It's not like you work for the church or anything." She wipes tears out of her eyes. "What's the big deal, anyway?"

I lean back in my chair, trying not to feel ignorant. The fact that it's my assistant who's caused this feeling to well up inside me is beyond acceptable. "I'll have you know that the investors in this company, some of them, come from very old and established families from very conservative parts of the globe. And they do not appreciate a public display of what should remain in the bedroom. It smacks of irresponsibility and recklessness, two characteristics one does not want to see in his or her investment manager. I've seen good men ruined over silly things like this. I cannot allow that to happen to me or this company. I've worked my entire life to be here, and I have very high hopes for my future."

She calms down and blinks a few times. "Okay. I guess I can see that."

"Thank you. Please try to remember that I am not Edward. I am not permitted the latitude that he is when it comes to indiscretions."

"No, I guess you're not." She turns back to the computer, sighing with what sounds like sadness. "But why would she do that? What's her damage, anyway?"

"Ingrid wishes to sleep with me. That's what she's said, in any case."

Miss Meechum turns around, her eyes big and round. "She's blackmailing you for sex?"

"Now you've got it. Bravo."

"Wow. She's got balls. And she must think you're like ... Magic Mike or something."

"I'm almost afraid she has got balls." I have no idea who Magic Mike is, but it's no matter. I have much more important concerns on my mind right now. I look out towards my door, the desire to run very strong. I've never run from a fight, but I've been tempted. This is one of those times. "Do you think you can help me?"

Miss Meechum starts typing away. "I can definitely try. That stupid ... wench. She's going to be really sorry she went after you like this."

A part of me is proud that my assistant is so loyal while at the same time bent on vengeance. The other is concerned with how far she'll take it. "I just want that tape erased or the file deleted. Nothing more. Whatever else she's up to is none of our business."

"Okay, if that's how you want to play it."

"It is. It most definitely is. I'm a big believer in karma."

"What's the name of her club?"

I frown as I try to recall the name. "I cannot remember exactly. It's in an industrial area. A large building. Something about a monster, perhaps."

"Oh, I know that place. Hot bouncer works there. Let me see if she has anything like that mentioned in her emails. I'll need the IP address from the computer she's using if it's not this one or connected to it."

"I'll leave that to you."

The phone rings and my able assistant reaches over to answer it without stopping the typing with her left hand. "Stratford Investments, Rachel speaking, how can I help you?"

She props the phone on her shoulder and continues typing with two hands. I feel completely useless and too full of nervous energy, so I stand and wander over to the other side of the desk.

"Jennifer Moorehouse? Are you a client?"

I reach over the desk without thinking and snatch the phone from her ear. A few pieces of her hair are caught under my fingers, but I don't realize it until I've removed them from her head.

"Youch!"

"My apologies," I whisper, my hand over the mouthpiece. I shake the loose red frizz from my fingertips, as I turn and walk as far from the desk as the phone will allow. "William Stratford here. How may I help you, Miss. Jennifer Moorehouse?" It's as though I've won a coup, finally getting her last name. It was silly of me to flirt during our last call and pretend I didn't want it. I assume this is the woman who's tied me in knots since the moment I met her on the phone. I'm nearly giddy with excitement.

"Hi. I got your message." Her voice is hesitant. Wary.

It's her! I shall have to be assertive, break down those barriers I sense in her tone. "Brilliant. Shall I set up a meeting?"

"A meeting? Oh, right. For the proposal."

"Exactly. Does this evening suit? Six o'clock?"

"Isn't that a little late?"

My diabolical plan to persuade her to dine with me after will only work if I can convince her this is my only free moment. "I'm quite busy during the afternoon, and mornings will not do. My assistant is a slave driver. She has me reading reports for hours before lunch."

I look over my shoulder to find Miss. Meechum staring at me. I pray her eyeballs are well attached, otherwise we could have problems with separation the way she's ogling me so aggressively.

"Okay. I guess six will be okay. I made a Powerpoint."

"Excellent. I shall have the projector ready."

There's a silence long enough that I wonder if we've lost our connection.

"I guess I'll see you then."

"Yes, you most certainly will. I'm looking forward to it."

"You are?"

I cannot understand why she finds this so unlikely, but her tone is unmistakable. "Of course."

"Okay. Well ... goodbye ... Mr. Stratford."

That can't be a good sign, can it? Using family names? I'm tempted to remind her that I've had my tongue between her thighs so there's no need for the formality, but instead, I say, "Please ... call me William."

"Goodbye, William. See you later today."

"Until then."

The phone disconnects and I sigh with frustrated anticipation. I have no idea how I will get a single thing accomplished today until she arrives.

"Wow, you really like her, don't you?"

I turn around to face the woman whose nose is way too big for her own good. "It's a business meeting. Nothing more."

Miss Meechum snorts in a very unladylike fashion. "Yeah, right."

As I advance across the room to my chair, it crosses my mind that my relationship with Miss Meechum has shifted into something I would have liked to avoid, a special sort of familiarity that I've found usually breeds contempt among those forced to work together. But there's nothing to do about it now. I'm in for a penny, in for a pound. I just hope I won't live to regret it.

Somehow, though, in this moment, knowing that I might get a third chance to have a single night with Miss Jennifer Moorehouse, I'm finding it hard to regret anything.

CHAPTER NINE

Jennifer

I RIDE THE ELEVATOR UP to the tenth floor, as nervous as I can possibly be, almost to the point of sweating. Please, God, don't let me sweat! The energy pulsing through my body isn't entirely professional, either. I can't help but picture William touching me, the look of the top of his head as he's burying his face between my legs, the way he makes me feel when he's inside me...

The elevator stops on the ninth floor and the doors open with a muted Ding! I start to smile at the fellow passenger getting on until I realize who it is.

"Well, hello," she says, as if she knows me. It's the woman from the charity ball. The blonde.

"Hi." My face goes hot. "I'm sorry, I forgot your name."

She holds out her hand to shake mine after pressing the button to close the elevator doors. I notice she doesn't select another floor for herself. "Ingrid. And you are ...?"

"Jennifer. I'm just going up to see Mr. Stratford."

Her smile is tight and her nostrils flare just the slightest bit. "Isn't that nice." I'm pretty sure she doesn't mean it.

We both face the front of the elevator and the sound of canned music floats around us.

"I thought you two were ... dating." She says, breaking the awkward silence.

My mouth opens, but my brain hasn't yet figured out what words to use in my response, so I close it. The doors part and I speak quickly so it won't seem like I'm ignoring her question on purpose. "Oh, no, we're just ... friends."

Friends? Did I just say we're friends? I want to laugh at how stupid that sounds. If she only knew. Friends do not throw friends up against the wall and screw them senseless. I'm not sure what that makes us, but it's definitely not friends.

She's smiling much bigger. "How nice." It's possible she means it this time. For some reason that really bugs me.

She walks out in front of me, cutting me off as I try to exit. I blink a few times to brush off the slight insult, figuring she's one of those ultra bossy types who doesn't realize when she's being rude. William mentioned something about her being interested in him. She sure seems to act like she owns the place. Maybe she means more to him than he let on. It makes me feel a little sick to my stomach. I hope I don't make a fool out of myself today at this meeting. Is she going to be there too? I drop my gaze to my chest. I have to figure out a way to do up a couple buttons without anyone seeing. I suddenly feel like I look too obvious, like I'm trying to seduce William into working with me.

I follow behind her as she approaches a reception desk. Surprisingly, there's someone working, even though it's almost six in the evening. Talk about dedication. Or does this mean William is a hard ass? The sweating has started again. Deodorant, don't fail me now.

"Is William in?" Ingrid says.

I was about to ask the same thing, but instead I shut my mouth and back up. I'll just let Miss Bossypants have her turn first. I'm a little too early, anyway.

"Do you have an appointment?" the young girl asks sweetly. I think it's genuine niceness not saccharine flavoring her voice.

"I don't need one. Tell him I'm here and I need to see him. Privately."

"Can I get your name, please?" Some of the sugar is missing this time.

It's very difficult not to laugh. Ingrid's acting like she's all that, but this girl doesn't even know who she is. And I don't think it's because this girl is new. Ingrid's posture is too ramrod straight for that to be the case. She's pissed. I decide to leave my buttons alone.

"Ingrid."

"Just one moment please."

I find a seat while the receptionist makes her call. Pretending to flip through a magazine, I try not to let Ingrid catch me looking up at her. She's still standing in the same place, glaring at the receptionist.

My spying routine is interrupted when a redhead comes out through a door separating the waiting area from the offices. "Ms. Moorehouse?"

I stand. "Yes, that's me."

"Follow me, please."

"Excuse me, but I'm waiting for William as well." Ingrid steps over and blocks my path.

The redhead glares at her. "Ingrid, I believe I mentioned before that in order to see Mr. Stratford, you must have an appointment. You didn't call to get one, so I'm afraid that he has no time for you right now. He's busy."

My mouth forms into a big O as I stare from one woman to the other. I quickly push my lips together when I realize I look like a total nut job. But, man ... I am so glad I'm not Ingrid. Boom goes the insult. She sure put Ingrid in her place. And from the look on the redhead's face, I think she really enjoyed it.

Ingrid's tone is low and dangerous. "Remind William, please, of our dinner date this evening. I expect to see him at Max's no later than eight p.m."

Dinner date? Crap! I knew I should have done up those buttons when I had a chance.

The redhead gives her a courtesy smile. "I'll be sure to do that." She holds out a hand in my direction, intended to prompt me forward. "Ms. Moorehouse? You can follow me this way."

I walk up and turn sideways to get past Ingrid. "Excuse me," I say, making sure I'm not gloating. I don't know this woman at all, really, but I can see why people enjoy pissing her off. She's begging for it.

As soon as the door shuts behind us, the redhead blows out a loud gust of air. "Can you believe that woman? Nervy bitch."

I bark out a laugh before I can stop myself.

"I probably shouldn't have said that, but I couldn't help it. She just gets on my very last nerve and then she wears it out." Her pantyhose swish as she walks between some cubicles.

"I can see that. I'm sorry I kind of got in the middle there."

"You weren't in the middle. She was in the middle. And I'll bet you a bag of Red Vines she doesn't have a dinner date with him either." She lowers her voice and turns to look at me over her shoulder. "He despises her."

Unfortunately, William's assistant or whoever she is has a small problem with walking, talking, and not looking where she's going. Before I can call out for her to watch out, she's run into the side of a cubicle and knocked over a stack of paper trays that were stuck to the side on hangers. She tries to rescue them but ends up getting tangled instead.

I start talking before I can think straight. "Oh my ... holy shi ... p ... can I help you?" I hold my free hand out, trying to stop the cascade of awful from completing its cycle, but it's not going to help. She's doomed. The clatter she's making is embarrassingly loud.

"Dammit! This is the third time this has happened!" She has a handful of hair in her grip and is trying to free it from a piece of metal that was sticking out of the top of the cubicle. There's a metal basket hanging on the other side of the clip.

I stand there watching in silence. I've never seen anything like it before. What a catastrophe. I'm not even sure how it happened, she's so completely stuck.

"Jennifer."

His voice catches me by surprise and I jump a little at the sound of it.

William is standing across the room, looking at me. He's wearing a suit and as trim and gorgeous as I've ever seen him. My heartbeat goes into overdrive and my flight or fight instinct flicks on. Run! Run far and fast before you make a fool of yourself! The most eligible bachelor in the city is staring at you!

No one else is around, just him, me, and the woman wrestling with the paper trays, but I feel like the world is watching.

"Won't you follow me?" he says, turning and going in the opposite direction. He's so completely cool and unaffected it nearly blows my mind. I am such a weirdo, falling apart over nothing. I really need to get a grip on myself.

I'm torn. I want to go, but I can't leave this poor girl on her own. I'm almost grateful that she's in such a mess. At least I can take a few seconds to help her and get my head on straight in the meantime. When I reach out to assist, she waves me off.

"Go, go, don't worry about me. I've dealt with this before. These are attack-trays. They get me every time."

"Um. Okay. Are you sure?" I glance over at William. His back is rapidly disappearing down a hall on the far side of the open space. I still have the instinct to run, but now it's in his direction instead of out of the office. I don't want to lose this opportunity for anything. So what if he's gorgeous? I've seen him naked. I can handle him. I'm either on the edge of greatness or doom, and at this point I just want to find out which one it is and get it over with. No more acting like a dork. No more being a wienie.

"Yes, yes, go. I'll be fine. Just hand me those scissors over there."

I look at her mass of gorgeous hair and know that I cannot let her do what I think she's going to do, even if it does mean William will think I'm an idiot. Putting my briefcase down on the floor, I step over to the other side of the cubicle. "Let me help you."

"Oh my god, no, just go!" She's embarrassed.

"Shush, I can help you in two seconds. Just sit still. You're tangling it worse."

"I'll just cut it out, it's no big deal." She's laughing nervously.

"No way can I let you cut your beautiful hair. Just ... one ... more ... second." I untwist the hunk that was holding her captive and only have to break a couple of pieces in the process. At least it's not a whole chunk of hair missing. "There. That's better." I pat her jutting-out fluff of hair awkwardly, trying to push it back in to be with the mass of curls it escaped from.

She slowly stands and touches her head all over. "You saved me." Then she smiles really big, her hair still sticking out. I don't think she could be any cuter if she tried. "And you said my hair is beautiful, too."

I smile back. "Of course I did. Because it is. Don't you ever cut yourself out of a mess again. Just find a friend."

She stares at me strangely and then without warning, leaps to cover the distance between us and hugs me. "You're going to make him so happy."

I stand there stock still, waiting for the embrace to be over and wondering what the hell she's talking about. "Thank you. I think." She's the strangest assistant I've ever encountered, and I cannot figure out how it is that she and William are even working in the same building. They're a totally odd boss-employee couple. Either that or he's way goofier than I imagined.

"Miss Meechum, if you could release your captive, I would be most appreciative." William is speaking from across the room, waiting in the hallway with an irritated expression.

She steps away and picks up my bag, handing it to me. "Good luck."

"Thank you." I leave quickly, afraid I'm about to be hugged again. It's not that I mind a hug or couldn't use one, but I need to get this over with. My nerves were already frazzled before I got here, and then with Ingrid out there ready to raise hell, it just got worse. Now that the hair emergency is over, I'm back to being freaked out. So much for being a powerful, assertive woman.

The carpet on the floor muffles the sound of my heels, which is no small thing. I decided to go with the highest ones in my closet, not too proud to use my calves to help me close this deal. I burn with the idea that I've also unbuttoned my top an extra inch and didn't have time to button back up again. It's a big gamble. Will he think I'm a ho, trying to seduce him into working with me? I guess I kind of am in a way. But hey, I'm desperate. And I've had crazy awesome sex with him twice, so covering up too conservatively would be silly.

Ugh, I have no idea what I'm doing. And now I'm walking right behind him as he enters the conference room. Too late to turn back now.

CHAPTER TEN

William

NEVER LET THEM SEE YOU sweat. My father taught me that delightful American expression when I left home for university, and it's never failed me yet. I remove my jacket as soon as we're in the conference room so as to make that particular goal easier to attain. I was growing quite warm just imagining Jennifer coming into my world here at the office, but now that she is present I find myself nearly ablaze with unspent desire.

Why did I think she was beautiful before? I was ever so wrong about that. Compared to how she looks right now in her figure-clinging skirt and those extremely high heels, she was but passably fine then. I can see her curves and her cle**age from across the room. I want to suffocate myself in her br**sts. Is that wrong of me to think that? Would she despise me if she knew?

"Where would you like me?" she asks.

I nearly choke on my answer. Well, Jennifer, if you really must know, I'd like you under me ... or perhaps, in front of me bent over ... no, wait ... how about down on your knees in front of my rock-hard cock. Those are my silent answers, the callous, heartless, souless answers John Thomas thrusts to the fore of my mind. It's not all I have to say on the matter, but it's the most primal and strongest urge I have at the particular moment that is ruling my senses.

The answer she hears, however, is much more civilized. Thankfully, my brain is still in control of my mouth. "Anywhere you like. Wherever you're most comfortable. I can move the projector to suit you."

I'm trying not to sear her skin with my stares, but it's nearly impossible to look anywhere but at her. She moves with a certain grace, a careless elegance that women around the world try to feign but most never get quite right. Her hair, thickly draped over her shoulder in soft waves, shifts to slide towards her chest. A curl nestles between her br**sts for a moment before she flicks it away. A few pieces of hair stick to her skin, remaining there because her neck is moist. Could it be that she's as nervous as I am?

I walk over to the door and close it, turning the air temperature down while I'm there. Loosening my tie does very little to help my situation. Taking a seat across the table from her, I wait as she busies herself with whatever it is she's brought in her attache case.

"I have a thumb drive in here somewhere." She presses some hair behind her ear, but it falls right back down again to hang below her face as she leans over to stare farther into her belongings. I can see right down into her blouse from where I'm sitting.

I close my eyes and breathe in slowly and carefully. Easy, man. Control yourself.

"Is everything okay?" she asks.

I open my lids to find her staring at me. "Quite all right, thank you for asking."

She continues to look in her bag and then grimaces as her movements cease. "I can't believe I actually did that."

"Did what?" Could she be speaking of our tryst? I certainly hope not. She most definitely regrets the thing to which she's referring, I can tell by her pained expression.

"Left my thumb drive in my computer at home."

I blink a few times in relief. "Right. Well. You can do it from memory, I suppose."

"It's too late for me to go get it and come back." She looks as if she's about to cry.

I stand, suddenly nervous for her. All thoughts of her nakedness go out of my mind as I picture her dissolving in tears. Call rescue 911! Lady-tears on the horizon!

"It's perfectly fine," I say in the most soothing voice I know. Then I shift into casual dismissal. "I hate those bloody Powerpoints, anyway. I consider it a blessing in disguise, really, that you've had the forethought to abandon your project at home. Just proceed without it." I wave her on. "Go on, then. Let's hear it."

She just stares at me.

I fiddle with my tie. "What is it?" I look down at my chest, praying I don't have a bit of chicken salad left there from my late lunch. With all the hacking and cracking Rachel and I were doing, I ended up eating in. Too bad her results were less than what I had hoped for. Still, all is not lost. Rachel, or rather, Miss Meechum, assures me she has a plan.

"Nothing," Jennifer says. "I just ... you're making me feel a lot less nervous."

I leave the tie and lower my hands to the table. "You're nervous?"

She smiles, and it's as if the sun has come out for me to bask in its glory. She really is the most stunning creature.

"Of course I'm nervous," she says. "Wouldn't you be?"

I can see that she regrets the words the moment they leave her mouth. It's a loaded question, there's no doubt about that, but I'm not going to let her escape it. Now that I know she's as affected as I am by the energy between us, I'm not going to allow the opportunity to connect with her again slip away.

"Well, perhaps I would be, yes. Tell me, though, what exactly are you nervous about?"

Her face turns a delightful shade of pink. And then it shifts to a deep red. Even her chest favors the color of a very ripe peach.

"You know." She sits down slowly and rests her hands in her lap. So coy. So in control of my man parts, and she doesn't even realize it.

I recline in my chair a bit, feeling on slightly firmer ground than I did five minutes ago. "I'm not sure that I do."

She sits back rather suddenly and blows some air up onto her forehead, her hands now resting on the arms of her chair. "William, you really need to stop playing games with me, or I'm going to have a heart attack right here on your floor."

"Do you have a pre-existing condition or is this a new illness?"

She laughs, and I feel as though I've scored a point or two.

"It's pre-existing from the moment I met you. Do you have any idea how confusing you are to me?"

"I rather thought I was an open page. As non-confusing as a man can be."

"Well, you're wrong about that. You're very confusing. Very, very."

I frown in mock concern. "Very, very? Well. That sounds serious."

"It is."

I stand, moving swiftly to join her on the other side of the table, ignoring her look of concern. It's time to take this bull by his horns and wrestle him to the ground. I'm too strung out from the hacking to let this simmer on the back burner any longer. A man can only take so much before he cracks.

"Here's what we shall do, then." I take the seat next to her and turn to face her. We are half a meter apart. I could almost swear I feel heat coming from her body right over to mine. "Since I am a gentleman and cannot bear the thought of you being inconvenienced by my terrible lack of manners and dismal lack of clarity, I will offer myself up for your questions."

"Are you talking about the presentation?" She's gone shy on me again.

I'm ready to tear both our clothing off at the way she whiplashes me between sexy and coy. I'm nearly certain she's not doing it on purpose. That's what makes it so maddening.

"No," I say calmly, battling to keep my inner turmoil from revealing itself. "I'm talking about whatever it is that's making you have a heart attack on my floor. I don't fancy a trip to the hospital this evening, so if I can help you avoid that eventuality, then it would be my pleasure."

She laughs and some of her color goes back to normal. "You are so formal sometimes. Is that a British thing or a William thing?"

"I suppose it's a bit of both. My brother would have answered you differently and he's just as British as I am. Or nearly so."

Expecting her to respond, I wait. I look into her beautiful eyes and try to glean what she's thinking behind them. But she says nothing. I say nothing. Time stretches.

One would think that the silence would be awkward, but it isn't. My mind wanders to our dance, the waltz that we had together and the way our bodies moved in perfect rhythm with one another's.

"What are you thinking right now?" she asks softly.

And for once I can be completely honest with her. "I was thinking about how you lied to me."

She swallows with effort. "Lied?"

"Yes. When you told me you couldn't dance."

"Oh." Her hand goes to her throat and rests there, toying with a thin necklace of silver. Her fingers tremble.

I want to reach out and take her hand, but I don't. I remain as cool as I imagine George Clooney would be in this situation. "I learned the truth that night that we waltzed together. You can dance. You can dance very well, in fact."

She smiles and looks down at my knees. "I can only dance like that when I'm with you."

When she looks up at me with a mixture of innocence and hope and desire and worry in her eyes, I am done for. Just a simple sentence, a few words strung together that to the casual listener would mean nothing, but to me, mean ever so much more. It is with those words that she slays me. She lays me bare, and so I open my mouth to tell her exactly how I feel about her, about us, and about the future I hope she might consider sharing a bit of with me.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Jennifer

"ISN'T THIS COZY," SAYS A sarcastic voice from the doorway.

William's head whips around. "Ingrid!" He stands all of a sudden, nervous or upset, it's hard to tell.

I back my chair up on its wheels involuntarily. I feel as though we've been caught being bad. Is she his girlfriend or something? I'm so confused.

"What are you doing here?" he says a little too loudly for a conference room.

Okay, so he's not happy she's here. I can breathe easier, at least. But that doesn't explain her thinking that she should be here. I stare at both of them, waiting with baited breath to see how it all plays out. I also send up a prayer that she's just a psycho bitch and that I'm not horning in on something they have going. If he tells me he slept with her I'm going to have to second-guess this whole extra button un-done thing. Maybe I should have worn smaller heels.

"I came to get you for dinner. We have reservations."

He sputters, trying to respond, but suffers a few false starts first. "You have no ... you are ..." He sighs heavily. "Ingrid, may I speak with you privately?" He doesn't wait for her response. Instead, he grabs her by the elbow and pushes her out of the door, not very gently. She looks annoyed, but then triumphant when she catches me watching.

The door shuts behind them, and I'm left alone in the conference room. If there were another way out, a second door, I'd take it. But there isn't, so I wait. I pack up the bits of paper and a pen that fell out of my bag when I was searching for my thumb drive and zip everything up. I need to get out of here before I get in the middle of some weird lover's quarrel or whatever this is. I try not to be devastated. I had no right to expect anything from him.

For a moment there I got my hopes up, thinking we were connecting like I've been fantasizing about, but then - poof! The moment was gone. It's probably the universe trying to save me from my own stupidity. They say everything happens for a good reason, right? Maybe Ingrid is my guardian angel.

I stand, ready to check the door for my escape, when it opens up again and then closes quickly. William is standing there, his tie askew and his face a mix of emotions. I can't tell if he's pissed, embarrassed, or coming off a hot make-out session. I don't see any signs of her dark red lipstick on his face, but I think there's a smudge on his neck.

"Hello."

I blink a few times. Is he really going to try and play this off? "Helllloooo ..."

He visually deflates. "Could we please start over? Perhaps pick up where we left off?"

I'm torn. He looks so sad but at the same time, I'm pretty sure that is lipstick on his neck.

Words fly from my mouth in a rush. "Did you kiss her?"

I cannot believe I just said that. I rush to cover. "I know I have no right to know. I'm just ... curious."

"Please sit. I'll explain everything. Almost everything."

I look sideways at him over the correction he made, but sit down all the same. I like him too much to just walk away when we're finally together again.

"Okay, fine. I'm sitting."

He takes the seat next to me and turns it to face mine. "Ingrid is a very persistent thorn in my side. Try as I might, I cannot shake her."

"I can see that about her. Maybe you're not trying hard enough."

He runs his hand through his hair, leaving it standing on end. He couldn't be cuter than he is now. Even when I'm trying to decide whether I should be mad at him, I can't help seeing that.

"Believe me, I have tried. She is ... shameless. Really, it's beyond the pale. I used to admire the American go-get-them attitude, but now that I'm on the receiving end of it, I find I'm not quite as fond of it."

He's so cute. I can't even thing about being mad at him. "It's go get 'em. Not them."

"Indeed." His mouth quirks up in a half-smile.

I suddenly feel protective of him. "Why not just shoot her down? Tell her to go ... you know ... away." Almost said the F-word there. I have to watch myself where she's concerned. She gets me all cranky and it's really none of my business.

He sighs heavily. "Suffice to say she owns this building and the lease we have on it, and she has zero compulsion to keep her professional relationships professional."

"Are you saying she's blackmailing you or forcing you to date her over a lease?" He must hear the doubt in my voice, because he sits up straight, takes me by both hands, and nearly pleads with me.

"I am new to the business as of this year. I have to prove to my father that I'm worth the investment he's made in my education and my position here. Without me, he cannot retire, and for his health, he needs to do that. We will move from this location next year, but we are not in a position to do that now. I cannot afford to upset Ingrid at this point because she could raise our rent beyond a comfortable level. We are due for a re-evaluation."

"Wow. So you're like ... pimping yourself out for the company?"

His hands slide away from mine and he sits back, his face turning a little pale.

My fingers fly up to my mouth. I am such an ass**le. If anyone can understand desperation and trying to make a successful business life, I can. And yet, here I went and judged him. "Oh my god ... I can't believe I just said that." I am such a hypocrite. Isn't what I accused him of exactly what I was considering doing just an hour ago?

He waves me off, staring at the table next to him. "No apology necessary. You are entirely correct. I am a male prostitute." He looks up at me. "I don't suppose you'll believe me when I say I have never slept with that woman?"

"Did you kiss her?" My heart is squeezing in my chest. This is not a question two business associates ask one another. I'm revealing my feelings for him way more than I probably should, but it's too late now.

"Would it matter?"

I shrug. "It shouldn't."

"But ...?" He stares into my eyes, waiting for my answer.

"But I think it does."

He smiles. He smiles very big.

I'm not exactly sure what's going on here. "Why are you so happy about that?"

"Because. I didn't kiss her, but the fact that you care that I might have means something."

I can't stop smiling right along with him. "You are so confusing." I forget all about that stupid lipstick when I stare into his eyes. He is so devastatingly charming. I'm losing my mind.

"Confusing?" He's acting outraged now. "I've laid my soul bare to you, woman. I've nearly come right out and said I care for you in plain English."

I open my mouth and just let it stay that way. Shaking my head, realizing that he's just told me he likes me, I can't stop the overwhelming urge to hug him. I lean over and grab him around the neck before the emotion can pass, pressing my chest into his face.

"I like you too," I say, kissing him near the ear. He smells so fine, just like I remembered.

His voice comes out muffled. "I could die and go to heaven, right now. I swear it." And then his hands slide around behind me, his fingers completely covering every square inch of my ass, and he squeezes.

I moan in response as a shock surges through me and I go wet between my legs.

"Do you like that?" he asks, lifting his head from my br**sts as I pull back a little.

I nod before leaning down to kiss him. Our lips meet and I'm reminded again of how well we fit together. Like we've been kissing for years and not just a few days, a few hours.

"I love your mouth," he says. His tongue comes out to touch mine and we play at battling them together, outside our lips. He smiles and I smile at the ridiculousness of it.

"You like my mouth?" I ask, lifting my skirt up and straddling him. Thank God I've been doing my groin stretches. It's only a little uncomfortable fitting my legs under the arms of the chair. I move my hips in a small circle, settling myself over him. So much for subtlety. So much for keeping it all business.

He groans, rubbing his hands up my back. He's under my blouse, undoing my bra. I smile and grind into him some more when he releases my br**sts and immediately fills his hands with them.

I take a moment to undo the buttons on my blouse so he can have better access. He helps me get out of everything from the waist up and it all falls to the table in a heap. He immediately puts his mouth to my breast and sucks my nipple hard.

I lift my arms up languidly and lean back a little. I love sitting on his hard bulge, in the middle of his office with the cool air blowing over my heated skin. "I want you to f**k me on the table," I say, fantasizing out loud. And yes, I know this is crazy when some person still working late could be on the other side of the door, but I don't care. William makes me feel reckless and wild.

"And I want to f**k you on the table as well," he says, moving to the other breast. "But first I want you to suck my cock."

A thrill shoots through me at the idea and the way he comes right out and says it.

"You do, hmm?" I ask, putting my hands on his shoulders and moving my hips. "I can probably do that for you. If you ask me nicely." It's a power surge. Yep. That's what goes through me when he stops fondling my br**sts and lifts an eyebrow at me.

"Ask you nicely?"

"Yep." I grin evilly.

He pushes on my hips, signaling for me to get up. I wiggle my legs out and stand in front of him. My br**sts sway between us, right at his eye level.

I know he wants to stare me down, but he can't resist looking at my ni**les.

"Bloody hell, these tits will be the death of me yet." He looks up at me, an almost pitiful expression on his face. "You know I'm your bloody slave when you're topless, yeah?"

He sounds so street right now, I can't help but gush for him. I really, really want to be laid out on his conference table. But I also know he wants me to show him what I can do, and for some reason, I want to show him too.

I back up a little and slide my hands over my br**sts, from the side to the front and then under to push them up for him. "How about we put your c**k in here and see what happens?"

He stands, rips his tie out of the collar, nearly strangling himself, pulls half his buttons off trying to remove his shirt, and drops his pants to his ankles. "I thought you'd never ask."

I cannot stop laughing. He looks like he's fifteen and being offered the first feel-up of his life.

"Please don't laugh," he begs. "You're torturing me. As usual, you are turning me into a raving loon, controlled by his dick."

I slowly slide the zipper down on my skirt and drop it to the floor. I leave my heels on and kneel down on the ground. "Poor baby. I think we can take care of your problem."

I take his heavy dick into my hand and lick the tip of it. It's salty, and I can tell he's barely holding back. Sliding my tongue down the sides, I get it moist enough for my mouth to move around it and down the shaft with ease. He moans and his hands fist at his sides.

"Darling ... you ... ahhh ... yes, that's it, love, that's it..."

My hand moves down and up, building a slow rhythm as my mouth moves in synch. My lips bump over the engorged veins and the head of his c**k and he trembles with the effort of holding back. He's trying to be polite, but I don't want him to be.

I pause so I can sit on the chair. Looking up, I find him staring down at me with a storm in his eyes. "Do you want me to keep doing that or do you want to put it here?" I slide a finger between my br**sts.

He frowns. "Decisions, decisions ..." And then he steps forward and rests his c**k on my chest. "This is a dream come true you know. I will die a happy man now with no regrets."

I smile as I push my br**sts together more firmly, capturing his hard length between them. "I'm glad I could make that happen for you."

He moves forward and back, pushing into me as his c**k slides up and down between my br**sts. The head pops out the top and he gasps, he moans as it draws back inside and disappears, surrounded by my flesh. When he pauses for a moment, I lean down and moisten him again with my mouth to ease the friction. He begins again, picking up the pace. I love watching the expression on his face. He's in some other place as he drowns in the sensations.

"Darling, it feels tremendous ... I can't ... I don't think I can hold back for very much longer." He puts his hands on my shoulders, his fingers digging in. I don't mind because I know he's beyond controlling himself.

I reach down with one hand and cup his balls. He moans and thrusts several times, sweat dripping down from his temples to fall on his chest and arms.

"No, wait," he says, stepping back, stumbling almost on the chair behind him. "Wait ... wait..." He lets me go and runs a hand through his hair as he stares at the ceiling. His hard cocks juts out between us, pointed right at me.

"Is everything okay?" I ask, standing. I take his length in hand and stroke it gently, up and down.

He looks at me, almost confused, like he didn't even remember I was there. "What?" His lids fall closed as he pulses his hips in time with my rhythm. Then he opens his eyes and stops moving.

I smile. "Are you okay?"

He pulls me against him and kisses me hard before answering. "Yes. I'm just out of my mind with wanting to f**k you. You've turned me into a rutting randy bastard."

He pushes me sideways and then back before I can respond. "Sit down here."

The cold wood surface of the conference room table is behind me, pressing into my thighs.

"Are you sure?" I look at the door over his shoulder.

He turns around and leaves me to lock it. He's back before I can even take a calming breath. "Yes, I'm sure. Move back a bit."

I raise myself up and then hike my cheeks over the edge of the table. The wood is cold on my butt cheeks but his body is hot between my thighs. It makes me shiver. He's leaning down kissing me and then I forget all about where I am. His c**k is pressing into my softest parts.

"Condom?" I ask between kisses.

"Of course," he says, distractedly. He fishes through his wallet that was on the floor, finds one, and puts it on. "Are you ready for me?" he asks with an apologetic expression. "I'd like to spend more time loving your body, but I must admit I'm beginning to suffer a little at the moment. I've been fantasizing about you way too much, apparently."

"Suffer? As in pain?" I take his c**k in hand and guide it towards my entrance. "We can't have that. No pain, only pleasure."

He moves in swiftly, his expression going dark, and takes me by the back of the head, a fistful of hair twisting around his fingers. "Maybe a little bit of pain," he says in a dangerous tone. And then he slowly moves his hard dick into me, inch by inch, until he's fully pressed against me and stretching me to the limit. He pulls my head back until I'm looking up at him and into his very dark eyes.

"Maybe a little," I whisper.

CHAPTER TWELVE

William

I AM LITERALLY THROBBING WITH need. I'm going to blow, and it's going to be big. She's too beautiful. Too wet. Too willing to let me do whatever I want. And even when I'm turning into an animal, pulling on her soft hair, forcing her to let me in when she's had none of my soft touches first, she begs me with her eyes, her mouth, and her words to give it all to her. And so I will, because I am a gentleman, and gentlemen must always strive to please their ladies.

I bury my c**k into her soft, swollen folds. I go in deep, using my free hand to draw her arse closer to me, penetrating her until I touch the end of her. And then I thrust into her depths with force. Almost as hard as I can, and she screams in response. It's a happy scream, I hope.

Perhaps I've hurt her a little, but when I feel her walls grab hold of me and pulse in response, her hips wiggle to get closer, and her hands gripping me and drawing me near, I know she wants more. I press into her, I grind, I make sure to rub up against her hard nub over and over. I want her to beg. I want her to feel the way I do, so neither of us ever wants to leave again.

"Oh, god," she whispers. She may also be crying. Her voice pleads with me. "Do it again," she begs.

And so I oblige her. I pull out very slowly, careful not to lose our touch, our connection ... and when I'm almost out of her, I reverse direction and begin the trip back. Centimeter by centimeter, I sink myself into her heat again, ever so slowly because I want her to let me in, to relax, to not hold back. It's like coming home as her insides collapse around me, surrounding me in slippery heat. I want to weep with the desire I have for her. I want to yell too, like a flying man hanging from vines in the jungle. I have conquered this woman. All that's left is the taking.

I ram the last bit of my length into her and then give her several sharp thrusts, in and out, shaking her entire body with the force of it. I wrap both arms around her tightly, keeping hold of her hair with one hand, digging my fingers into her back with the other.

Leaning down, I nip her shoulder. And I never stop pumping her, filling her with me. I'm no longer just a man. I'm something savage that wants to consume her. Blood surges to my c**k and fills it, making it harder and thicker. I can feel every millimeter of her around me. I never want to leave this place.

She turns her face into my chest and bites me back. The pain, the fight in her, makes me f**k her harder. I reach under her arms and slide both hands into her hair, pulling and forcing her to show her neck. I lean down and kiss her there as I thrust in and pull back only to go again. I suck her skin hard, and then lick it to let her know I don't mean to cause her pain. I could force her to do what I want, but I would never. It's enough that she would let me. I really don't know who I am right now, but I won't question it. It feels too right to be wrong. The pleasure is building, guiding my rhythm. I am close to losing control.

Then she's kissing me and licking me to apologize for leaving my skin smarting from her sharp teeth, and I'm falling over the edge. She moans and I moan too. One of the chairs next to me falls on its side and I kick it out of the way. She's scratching me, scoring the skin of my back and making it sting. I love it. I'm going to f**k her to death. I'm going to end her.

"Oh God, William! I'm going to come!"

Is it the shaking and convulsing of her entire body? The tone of her voice that tells me she's surprised and overwhelmed? The rhythmic tightening of her muscles against my cock? The word come? I'm not sure. But suddenly I lose control too, and we're both crashing into each other over and over.

There's no pain, only pleasure. I can't get enough. I can't quite get there. I'm falling into an abyss. I don't know who I am. I don't know who she is. Where am I? What's happening? Are we dying?

Someone's shouting. Someone's crying. And then we're falling. My head hits a chair on the way down and I see stars. Or maybe I'm still standing and I see stars. I have no idea. The sun has gone down and the room is bathed in darkness. My c**k has exploded and there is no more sex left in me. I can't even breathe properly.

As I attempt to catch my breath and reorient myself, my mind wanders. I come to several conclusions as I rest my hands against her sweaty thighs.

First, I am still standing and I have not hit my head. I'll have to ask Jennifer if she walloped me with something in the heat of the moment. I shall forgive her if she did.

Second, we are still alone in the conference room, although Jennifer is now lying on her back across my table with her arms out the side and her hair fanned all round her face. I shall never have another meeting in here again without thinking of this moment. I'm surprised at the tender feeling this evokes in my heart.

Third, my limp dick and the sadly dangling condom clinging to the bell end is about to make a mess of my conference room floor. I wish I cared enough to do something about it, but leaving the she-devil landlord with a stain on her carpet gives me a sick sort of satisfaction. Edward would be so proud.

And finally, I realize as I stroke the soft skin of Jennifer's belly and thighs, that if I walk outside this building and get hit by a car tonight, I will have only one regret. I lied to Jennifer earlier when I said I would have none. I would be ever so sorry if I never got to do this with her again. The idea that someone else would, that someone would take her away from me, has me seeing red. This is the precise moment when I realize that I am in some very deep trouble. So much for a life without complications.

