PROLOGUE

I was stalking again.

I wasn't subtle about it either. I sat in my car, right in front of the same dilapidated duplex and just watched and waited, for hours on end.

Not that it mattered. She wasn't here, hadn't been here for days, and even her things were gone from the place. I knew that, because I'd busted into the place door. The neighborhood was so terrible that no one had even taken notice. Inside the small studio room I'd found nothing, no hint of her, no clue to her whereabouts, or that she'd ever even stayed there at all.

But I didn't know where else to look. I'd circled the city, gone to every place we'd ever been together, or that I'd ever seen her go.

And I'd found nothing. She'd quite simply disappeared without a trace.

I was distraught. I couldn't remember the last time I'd eaten, and I'd only slept in fits, for days. Every harsh thing I'd said to her, every brutally honest thing she'd shot back at me, just circled in my head, on repeat, torturing me.

It couldn't end like this. Not like this. Impossible to even think it. I refused to give up, and so I searched for her.

Searched for Iris.

I'd become a man obsessed.

CHAPTER ONE

A FEW WEEKS EARLIER

I set my two perfectly folded gym towels down on a chair by the treadmill and got on the machine.

I always brought two. I wasn't even sure why. I was a creature of habit. Once I started a pattern, I tended to stick to it, rain or shine.

Kind of like my marriage. Of course, that hadn't lasted forever, but that hadn't exactly been my choice.

I punched in my settings and began my warm-up. I had already done twenty minutes of stretching at home. My three-hour daily workout was very precise. I had a family history chock-full of heart disease, and so I aggressively fought to stay healthy. I was intelligent enough to know that I'd brought the whole thing to an extreme, but honestly, what else was I supposed to do with my free time? I was busy enough with work, but my work involved a lot of sitting down and tapping away at a computer, and I felt I had to counter all of that physical inactivity, somehow.

I'd just had my dreaded fortieth birthday, and I felt like I was in as good of shape as I'd ever been. My waistline wasn't growing, thanks to my three hours a day in the gym, and an impeccable diet, and my muscles were well-toned and good-sized. I had no idea what age I actually looked, but I figured the liberal salt and pepper at my temples brought it at least close to forty. I didn't really give it much thought, as I stayed largely to myself, and any time I was on camera, I went out of my way to avoid seeing it.

The gym was busy, as it usually was, so my time there was literally the most social I was in an average day, and I usually got away with a nod or a good morning to the receptionist on the way in.

That was it. The only verbal interaction in my day.

Sometimes I had to talk on the phone for work, and once, maybe twice a year, I did a few television or radio interviews.

And that was it.

The scary part was, it was effortless for me. It had started with an ugly divorce just over one year ago and slowly shaped its way into this. A sad, old man that could have easily embraced a life as a complete recluse.

I did still go out of my way to workout at an upscale gym, instead of just building one in my house. I had the room. I certainly had the money. I figured it was only a matter of time before I resorted to that, too.

The strange part of it was, I wasn't worried about it because I was lonely. I was worried because I wasn't. I did miss being with a woman in the literal sexual sense, but that was about it. I'd considered the idea of hiring a prostitute briefly, but even that seemed like an ordeal. I detested breaking the law. It was so very chaotic.

A familiar figure moved onto the machine next to me, and I met pale, smiling green eyes in the mirror, nodded once briefly, then looked back down.

She was a shapely little blonde woman that had started sharing my gym hours nine days ago.

Hot women weren't exactly a novelty in Vegas, but this one was in a league of her own.

Girl, I corrected myself. She was a girl, way too young for me to even sneak a long glance at, though I was only human, and she was wearing next to nothing, so I'd caught many, many glances.

She probably thought I was dad material, I told myself, as she started to jog on the machine, her full, perky br**sts bouncing with every smooth step.

She really needed to go shopping for a more supportive sports bra, I thought to myself, my eyes catching on her, then darting away, then glancing again within a few bounces.

She wore only a hot pink sports bra and the tiniest white Lycra bike shorts I'd ever seen in my life. Her abs were toned, waist tiny, her skin smooth in a way that happened only in the very young.

Way, way too young for you, I reminded myself, my furtive gaze catching on her lithe h*ps as she jogged her sexy little heart out.

My intent stare moved up to her face, and I flushed to find her watching me watching her. I looked down and kept on jogging.

There'd been no censure in her eyes, and so I found mine wandering back to her face.

She was beautiful. Not a scrap of makeup on, her white-blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail, and still she could've stopped traffic. A real bombshell. None of it was artificial either, just plain old good genetics at work.

She was friendly, too. I wasn't sure why, but she usually took the machine next to mine, if it was empty, though there were lots to choose from. She always had a smile for me, too.

Maybe I reminded her of her dad. Or f**k, her grandpa.

It didn't bear thinking about.

I'd never been with a younger woman, let alone one that much younger. Hell, she'd probably give me a heart attack. I shook off the thought. A flawless little thing like that wouldn't give me a second glance, and I told myself that was a good thing.

She was likely jailbait, and for a man that'd never even had a speeding ticket, just the idea of that was too scandalous to linger on.

Still, my eyes were drawn, time and again, to her perfect figure jogging hard on that treadmill. Her legs were incredible, long and slender, bare from the top of her thighs to her ankles, and so toned and tan.

I made myself look away and not look back.

I hit the one-hour mark on the machine when I saw her slow and stop out of the corner of my eye. This had become a pattern, too. I did exactly one hour of cardio, before I hit the weights. She seemed to be working a similar routine, and every day I saw her, it became even more similar.

I almost jumped in surprise when she approached me directly, standing on the very front of my machine, to get my attention.

My gaze traveled up slowly, trying not to linger on the way her br**sts rose out of her sports bra's neckline as she leaned into my machine. She was spilling out of the thing.

She beamed at me.

I swallowed hard, catching the side bar and swinging first one leg, and then the other, onto the footrests on the sides, coming to a stop.

I popped out an ear bud, raising my brows in what I hoped was a look of polite interest.

"Hi," she said.

"Hey," I panted back, shutting the treadmill down. May as well quit, since I'd reached my goal.

She handed me my towel, and I took it, immediately wiping my brow. This was a new development, and a strange one, to be sure.

She held up the second towel, my OCD towel, if you will. "I saw that you have two. I forgot mine. You mind if I borrow it?"

I shook my head. "Go for it. Glad I could help."

She smiled again. Her teeth were gorgeous, straight and white against her tan skin. "What's your name?" she asked me.

I was caught off guard, and so it took me a few extra beats to answer awkwardly. "Alasdair."

She raised her brows, looking intrigued. "Nice name. It has a lot of character. Do you shorten it at all, or should I call you that, Alasdair?"

Hearing her say my name made me feel indecent. Just beastly. I briefly considered cutting my workout short. "Sometimes my friends call me Dair."

"Dair. I like that too. And are you daring, Dair?"

"Not particularly," I said quickly, my heart pounding. I couldn't quite believe that she was hitting on me, but if she was, I needed to put a short stop to it.

Way too young, I told myself firmly.

I moved to the weights, and she followed like we were old friends. I started doing curls, eyes glued to her as she grabbed some smaller weights and started doing dead lifts with a hammer curl.

The sight of that nearly had me slack-jawed. The move consisted of her bending down at the waist, her legs straight, and touching the ground, then lifting back, her ponytail bouncing, back arched, her incredible ass sticking out, and bringing her arms into a curl.

She faced away from me when she did it, giving me a perfect view. Her shorts were so thin, her skin so supple, that it was more perfectly designed to turn me on than a p**n o. And I'd watched plenty of p**n . The girl was set on giving me a heart attack today.

She kept doing it for the longest time, sending me a look over her shoulder as she straightened on the last rep. She smiled that sweet little smile at me. "Well, aren't you going to ask me?"

I had no idea what she was talking about, but my mind went very dirty with it.

Could you do that one more time, but pull your shorts down for this one, so I can f**k your brains out? I was pretty positive that wasn't what she meant.

Can I give you a ride home? Or maybe a hard ride on my cock? Nope, those two were out, too.

Or how about, Want to grab a coffee after this? That one was better, but I held my tongue.

"Excuse me?" I asked instead. The safest bet of all.

"My name. I know yours now. Don't you want to know mine?"

I smiled politely, sincerely hoping that my raging hard-on wasn't too obvious. I was wearing athletic pants and a long sweatshirt, so I was probably safe. "Yes, of course. Nice to meet you..."

"Iris."

My brows shot up. You didn't see many girls her age named Iris. "Iris?"

Her eyes twinkled at me. She gave very good eye contact. Intense, but good. "Don't you like it?"

"Y-yes," I stammered out. "It's a beautiful name."

"It's always easy to pick out flowers for me. My favorite flower is the same as my name."

"I'll make a note of it." What the f**k did you say that for? I asked myself. Of course I wouldn't be getting her flowers. Totally inappropriate.

She looked pleased as punch. "You do that."

She bent down, her back arched like a pinup girl, and picked up her borrowed towel. She moved closer, dabbing at her cle**age with it.

I swallowed hard, my c**k throbbing in time to my accelerated heart rate.

"Upper body today, huh?" she asked.

I was watching her perky tits as she said it, so I blinked like an idiot. Her ni**les were hard. I could see them through that flimsy as hell bra. "Hmm?"

The towel moved down to her stomach. She didn't look to be sweating much, but she patted herself down like she was.

I was in a full-on sweat. I designed it that way. It made for a better workout, but just then I wanted to strip down.

Strip down and pin a na**d Iris to the floor.

"You're working your upper body today. You alternate, right?"

"Oh yeah."

"It's an intense workout you've got going. You training for something in particular?"

I shook my head. "Just trying to stay fit. What about you? You clock in three hours, too, right?"

She shrugged. "That's a new thing, though I do enjoy a good workout. Just trying to keep things nice and tight."

That made my brain short-circuit. "Things are looking very tight." A perfect fit for my cock, my perverted mind added.

She came a little closer, almost into my personal space. "Thank you. That's a big compliment, coming from a gym regular like you."

I couldn't take anymore. I turned, put the weights back on the bar, and went into a round of grueling pushups.

When I rose again, she was a few feet away doing French press reps, her chest thrust forward.

I turned quickly away, and tried not to so much as glance at her.

CHAPTER TWO

She kept her distance until I was on the last quarter hour of my routine, making my rounds on the machines.

"I bet you have some super special after-workout drink you down after these sessions," she told me as she approached my machine, her tone playful.

She got right up in my personal space, her br**sts just inches from my face.

I looked up at her eyes, mine almost pleading. She had to quit teasing me, whether or not she knew that's what she was doing.

I grunted.

"Admit it. You do, don't you?"

My mouth twisted wryly. She even had a good personality. She was a sweet little thing. She didn't need to be. She could have gotten by on sheer good looks alone. "I have a little something I make."

"It's a drink, isn't it? I'd bet good cash you make it with a Vitamix, and it has kale in it."

I coughed out a laugh. "You aren't wrong. I'm pretty predictable, huh?"

She winked at me. Fucking winked. It was adorable, and I needed to get away from her. "You're a mystery to me. I'm just throwing out guesses, trying to figure you out."

"Now why would you do that? I have to tell you, I'm about as boring as they come."

She shook her head, her eyes soft. "Not at all. You seem fascinating to me, Dair."

I wasn't sure why, but that seemed to be my breaking point.

I politely excused myself and hit the showers. I was the only one in there, and I did give half a thought to rubbing a quick one off, but I refrained. I'd be home soon enough.

I emerged from the showers, clad in a fresh white T-shirt and black athletic shorts, to find Iris still hanging near the weights, still in her workout gear, dabbing at her glistening br**sts with my towel.

Well, I guess she'll be keeping that, I thought, giving it one last longing look before I turned on my heel and headed out.

I nearly let the door swing shut on her before I realized that she'd followed me, still in her workout gear, duffle bag in tow. I held the door wide for her, a little worried at her beaming smile.

"You shower at home?" I asked, then wanted to take it back. I did not need a visual of her showering.

"Yeah, usually. Here." She draped the used towel over my shoulder.

My mind went really filthy with the things I'd be doing with it later.

"Thanks for that. You just headed home now?"

I nodded, looking over at the parking lot, back at the gym, anywhere but at the too young girl that was too much trouble for my peace of mind.

"Have a good one," I murmured and walked away.

"Wait," she called out from behind me when I was halfway through the parking lot.

I stopped. She was just a few feet behind. Either she was following me, or she was walking somewhere. My pearl white model S Tesla was the only car parked this far back.

I turned to her, and she was smiling at me, of course.

"Do you mind giving me a ride?"

I took a few deep, steadying breaths, wondering what to do.

Of course I needed to give her a ride. If the poor girl needed to walk somewhere, she could hardly do it dressed like that. She'd get abducted, for sure.

I wasn't positive that I wouldn't abduct her myself.

"Sure, honey. Where you need to go?"

She pointed at my car, her eyes widening. "Is that your ride? It's brilliant. Wow. A Tesla. Just beautiful."

I smiled, impressed that she knew what it was, and waved her on.

I loved my car, and I got a real kick out of her excited reaction to it. She was good at making me smile.

"I've never been in one of these before."

"I just got this one about eight months ago."

"Do you like it?"

"Yes. I'm happy with it."

"Whoa. You got the seven seater? You have any kids?"

I laughed. "No. I have no excuse, other than that the salesman was very good at selling me features."

We were inside and belted before I looked at her again. I could smell her in the small space. She smelled so good that it was playing havoc with my peace of mind. Like vanilla and some hint of what could only be her hot little body after a good workout.

I was shamefully happy that she hadn't showered after the workout. I had a very clear visual of licking every bit of that salty sweet sweat off her, and since that wouldn't be happening, I had a smell to obsess over in place of that.

She reclined her seat until she was lying down flat. Her mouthwatering br**sts pointed straight up in that position. "That is so cool. What is that called? The glass ceiling?"

"An all glass panoramic roof. Like I said, the salesman was very good at selling me features, even ones I didn't need."

I started the car, waiting for her to tell me where to go. When we just sat there for a few minutes, I asked, "So, where can I drop you?"

She brought her seat back up. "Aren't you going to invite me back to your place? I want to see your house. And I'd like to try whatever concoction you make yourself drink after your workout."

I smiled and shook my head. "I don't think that's a good idea, Iris. You are much too young to be inviting yourself to some man's house. Especially an old guy like me."

"How old are you?" she asked, sounding only vaguely curious about that.

"Forty. Old. How old are you?"

"Twenty-four, Alasdair. Old enough for any damn thing."

I gave her a gimlet-eyed look, sure she was messing with me. "I don't believe you. Prove it. Show me your ID."

She giggled like I'd just said the funniest thing, but she did bend forward to fish around in her bag, retrieving a small pink wallet. "What? You think I'm jailbait?"

"Something like that."

She handed me a Nevada driver's license. I studied it, did some quick math, then studied it some more. It was real, as far as I could tell, and it did place her at twenty-four. I could hardly believe it.

"I'm still way too old for you."

"Your c**k doesn't agree." Her tone was so innocent that it took me a moment to process what she'd said.

I flushed bright red. "My c**k doesn't know what's good for it."

"But I do." Her voice was whisper soft.

I put the car in reverse. "You sure about this?"

"Sure about what? What's the big deal about sharing a drink and checking out your pad? Going by this car, I know you're going to blow me away."

I nodded tightly and kept my hands at two and ten, my eyes straight ahead.

I took her home.

It was insanity, but who the f**k could resist a girl like Iris? Not me.

Even so, I told myself I'd humor her curiosity and then take her wherever she wanted to go. I had absolutely no business doing more than that. She was legal, thank God, but still far too young. At least for that.

As though reading my mind, her hand went to my knee, her touch light. "God, that thing is impressive. I swear it has its own pulse. I can see it beating."

I nearly went off the road. "Are you talking about...?!"

"Your cock. You wear those big, thick clothes at the gym. I had no clue you were packing such heat."

"Knock it off," I told her.

She dissolved into giggles, her hand falling from my knee.

"You're just messing with me, aren't you?" I asked her with a smile. "You can tell I'm harmless, so you're putting me on."

Her hand touched the back of my neck, and I nearly jumped out of my skin. She rubbed hard at my nape, and my eyes began to close with the pleasure.

I fought to pay attention to the road.

"I like you, Alasdair. Can't you tell?"

I didn't have a good answer for that. My ex-wife had done a number on me. Married twenty years to the woman, doing everything I could think of to make her happy, and she'd hated my guts. I couldn't have been particularly likable.

Iris was friendly and talkative enough, but I noticed that she was not the sort to talk about herself, and I found myself talking too much, which was not at all like me.

"I live alone in a very big house. It's a waste really. I should look for something smaller. I was married when I had it built. I didn't intend to be alone when I designed the thing."

"So you're divorced?"

"Yes. About a year now."

"And you were married just the one time?"

I exaggerated a wince, shooting her a sheepish smile. "I must seem so old to you, huh? But yeah, just the one time. For twenty years."

She whistled. "Twenty years? What happened?"

I just shook my head. I couldn't talk about it without sounding bitter, and I didn't want to come across that way. Not to her.

"And you're not old, Alasdair. You're distinguished."

That surprised a laugh out of me. "Oh, that's rich. Yes, I'm apparently very distinguished, and you're young enough to be my daughter."

"Only if you had me when you were sixteen. Do you have any kids?"

"No. I always thought I would, but time just slipped away. I'm too old now, I think. I like kids, though."

"You're not too old. That's ridiculous. Look at your hard-on. That thing looks like it wants to make babies right now."

I sent her a censuring look and tried to make it convincing.

She just gave me an irrepressible smile.

We got to the gates of my community. I waved to the security guard, and he nodded back, letting me in. I saw him shoot Iris one quick glance, his expression indecipherable, as we went by.

"Oh, I bet we just started some good rumors. 'Alasdair's brought home a young, scantily clad girl again.'"

I shifted uncomfortably, but couldn't stifle my urge to correct her. "Not again. I don't do this sort of thing. Not ever."

"Not ever? And what sort of thing are we calling this now, Dair? I'm dying to know."

"Bring women home. Especially very young women. I've never done this."

She beamed at me for that one. "I like you. You make me feel good."

I could say the same for her, but I didn't. I was being enough of a beast already, bringing her home.

She whistled long and low when I pulled into my U shaped driveway.

I parked directly at the front door, the car ready to take her on the return trip. Still just humoring her.

I kicked my shoes off in the entryway, tossing my gym bag down.

She copied me, tossing her own bag on top of mine.

"You can use my shower," I told her, my eyes all over her na**d skin.

"You're a doll. I'll do that. God, you're tall."

She moved to stand right in front of me, her hand up as though to measure.

I was over the six-foot mark, and she was just the right height to tuck her little blonde head under my chin.

I shook off that ridiculous image.

At her insistence, I gave her the grand tour of my oversized house. I hadn't taken pride in it in a long time. It had turned into a rather large tomb for the bad memories from the last years of my marriage. But oddly, I found myself taking that pride again as I showed it to her. I had designed it, top to bottom, and I really did love the house.

It was a modern monstrosity at eight thousand square feet, but I liked my space. Probably because I liked to spend ninety percent of my time in it.

She took particular delight in my large library, running her hands along the spines of the books in the classics section.

"I could spend a year in here," she told me.

That had my brows raising. I'd gotten the impression she was more of a wild party girl than a reader. "You like to read?"

Her nose wrinkled like she thought that was the oddest question. "Um, yeah. Who doesn't like to read?"

Good point. I mean, there were people that didn't like to read. Logically, I understood that, but it had always baffled me anyway.

I meant to pick her brain about that more, but she was off again, and I was following, my eyes glued to her perfect little ass as I showed her the rest of the house.

CHAPTER THREE

She acted very impressed that I'd designed the place. She had a lot of questions, curious about every inch of the property and how it pertained to me.

It seemed to me that she was always trying to connect pieces of a puzzle.

One thing I noticed right away was that I never had to dumb my explanations down for her, which was something that stood out to me, because the dumbing down was such a common occurrence for me, that I wouldn't have taken a note of it if I'd been doing the opposite. She understood my references, big and small picture. It was astounding, the more I thought about it, because she was just so young.

"Why aren't you in school?" I asked her.

Her eyes twinkled at me. It was too adorable and highly dangerous. "What, you don't think I'm reaching my full potential?"

I tried to backtrack. I had a tendency to put my foot in my mouth. Socially awkward was really a kind way to describe me. "I-I didn't say that, I'm just..."

She took pity on me, waving it off with a laugh, and we went on with the tour.

I had several guest rooms, but I showed her to the biggest one, with the nicest bathroom.

"You can use this one while I make us that kale drink."

She shook her head.

I blinked at her.

"I'll use the shower connected to your bedroom."

"This one is just as nice. I made sure at least one of the guest suites was built like a master."

"Which one do you use?"

"The master."

"I'll use that one. No need to dirty this one up just for me."

"It's no trouble."

"I think I can remember the way. I'll be down in a sec."

I watched her walk away, having to restrain myself from following her.

What would she do if I got in the shower with her?

Would she let me f**k her?

I got the distinct feeling that she would, but somehow I made myself walk away.

I had half the ingredients out of the fridge for my shake when I remembered her bag.

I nearly ran as I grabbed it and brought it up to her. The shower was running, I could hear it from the bedroom, and like a pervert, I just opened the door.

The shower was too steamy to make out her figure, thank God, but my eye was caught by a tiny scrap of neon yellow cloth as I set her duffle on the counter.

I picked it up gingerly with two fingers. If I wasn't mistaken, it was the tiniest thong I'd ever seen in my life, made up of just a few stretchy strings and an itty-bitty piece of mesh.

I dropped it like it was on fire and backed out of the room, keeping my eyes on the floor.

I shut the door very quietly behind me.

I was nearly back to the kitchen when I veered off into the half bath that connected to the living room.

Her borrowed towel was still on my shoulder, and I buried my face in it.

I licked my palm, yanked my shorts down, and started jerking hard on my cock.

I needed to get a handle on this.

I didn't even think about her body. That was overkill. My mind stayed firmly on that tiny yellow scrap of cloth as I groaned and shot my load into the bathroom sink.

I washed up.

I was still panting as I opened the door.

Iris stood there, dressed in another pair of her tiny Lycra shorts, these ones a pale peach color that emphasized her tan, and a white sports bra (the front zipper halfway down).

Of course she was smiling.

She touched the twice-used towel on my shoulder. "Maybe I want to keep this thing. Does it smell like you now?"

I shook my head, then moved past her, heading resolutely to familiar ground.

She sat on the counter while I worked, right smack in the middle of everything, so I had to constantly move by her. She was perched back on her hands, her thighs spread just wide enough to make my brain stop functioning completely.

"So what do you do for a living to afford this place?"

"I write books. Mostly crime dramas."

"Wait, what's your last name?"

I sighed. She'd likely heard of me. I had a fairly popular series that had gotten a lot of attention, and some big screen love, over the last decade. "Masters."

"Alasdair Masters. I've heard of you. How did I never hear that you were smoking hot, Alasdair?"

I gave her a rueful smile. "You're buttering me up. Why?"

She winked at me. "Not at all. I call 'em like I see 'em. So do you use your real name as your pen name, or are you giving me a fake name?"

"That is actually my name. Not smart, I know, but I got into the business before I knew better. I graduated college when I was eighteen, and started writing books a few years before that, and I was too egotistical as a kid to use a fake name."

"A prodigy."

"Not quite. Just a few years ahead. And my father worked in the business, so I had some very helpful connections."

"And you're humble, to boot. Tell me what happened between you and your ex-wife. How did it all go south after twenty years?"

"You really want me to talk about this? I was in such a good mood."

"Were you? What put you in such a good mood?" I couldn't see her, but I could hear the smile in her voice. "Does that good mood have something to do with all the grunting and slapping noises I heard you making in the bathroom earlier?"

I couldn't touch that one, couldn't respond to it. I ignored it (though I could feel the hot blush on my cheeks) like she'd never said it.

It was too much for me, otherwise.

"Well, to be honest, I suppose there were always troubles. I just didn't understand them or even see them. I tried to be a good husband, as I understood it, tried to make her happy. One day I came home to find her on her knees, giving some man I'd never seen before a blow job, in my entryway. Everything went real south after that."

"Damn."

"Yeah. It didn't help that she hadn't given me a bj for, hell, I don't know, years. It was a hard thing to see. I could have used a blow job, or f**k, a smile, and there she was, deep throating some stranger."

"That's terrible. She sounds just awful."

"Well, I guess it was love, because I hear she's marrying the guy, who is way younger than her, by the way. Apparently, I was just the husband that was holding her back. Of course, she took every penny she could in the divorce, so at least she doesn't mind my money."

"Wow."

"Yeah. Never even thought of a pre-nup. I was twenty and assumed I was getting married forever."

"How old was she when you got married?"

"Twenty-three. Which was the last time I dated someone your age. But enough about me, let's talk about you. Are you in college?" I'd already surmised that she wasn't, but I was trying my best to be polite.

"Nope."

"Where do you work?"

"Here and there. I was working as a cigarette girl at a casino, but it was a temporary gig. Now I'm in between. I got a job offer at Hooters that I'm considering."

I shot a glance at her chest. "They'd eat you up, wouldn't they?"

She giggled. "What about you, Dair? Would you eat me up?"

I nearly cut my fingers off.

I took a moment to compose myself as I shoved the kale, carrots, white tea, cucumber, strawberries, ginger, and spinach into my Vitamix, filling it to the top. I blended it until it was smooth liquid.

I poured two glasses, sliding one to her. I took my own to the table in the breakfast nook.

She joined me, taking a long drink. "Not bad. Not good, but it obviously works. Keeps you fit enough, eh?"

I drank mine in a few big chugs.

She finished hers slowly. I knew she was teasing me when she licked the rim of her empty cup.

The girl got a kick out of driving me wild.

She rolled the empty glass between her exposed cle**age, giving me very solid eye contact. "What now?"

I took a few deep, steadying breaths. "I can take you wherever you want. Just say the word."

She beamed. "Let's watch some TV."

I was incapable of telling her no, and she insisted on the theatre room, but she wanted to watch cable. Bad cable.

She sat on the bench seat, and I sat a safe two feet away from her. She picked something god-awful to watch, some reality show about Gypsies living in the states.

It didn't matter. I couldn't have paid attention to that screen if my life had depended on it just then.

She kept inching closer to me.

She laughed at something on the show, then said, "Can you turn the lights up? How bright can you make it in here?"

I showed her.

"Can we watch this in your bedroom?" she asked, and I could feel her looking at me.

"I don't think that's a good idea."

"How about a room with some natural light? And what do you have to snack on?"

I showed her to the living room, which did have a TV hidden behind a painting, and an abundance of natural light.

I turned her awful show back on. "What kind of snack do you want?"

"I'll go look and see what you have. Do you mind if I just make myself at home?"

I shook my head, but I did mind.

I was ready to tear my hair out; I wanted so badly to touch her.

She came back with a strawberry Popsicle. She'd chopped it in half, so it was just one long stick that bobbed in and out of her mouth.

I was about to lose my shit, and the grin on her face told me she knew it.

"Want me to grab you one? Or you want to share?"

I shook my head, looking back at the TV, pretending to watch it.

She laughed at something on the show, some woman with orange skin and black curly hair saying, "More. It can't be sparkly enough."

She moved in front of me, her barely covered ass nearly in my face.

I clenched my fists.

She sat beside me, our h*ps touching. She patted my knee and went to town on the Popsicle like she was giving me the show of my life.

"Jesus," I muttered as it disappeared completely into her mouth.

I was so outclassed here.

She sent me a sideways smile that made my heart beat into my throat.

She pulled it completely out, smacking her red lips. "You said your ex-wife hadn't sucked you off for years before you caught her with that other guy. So how many years has it been since you've gotten a blow job?"

I ran my fingers through my hair, cursing. "I don't know. Fuck. Five years? Maybe more."

She stood up, moving in front of me again. Very slowly, like she was testing the waters, she sat on my lap.

She held her Popsicle to my lips, and what could I do? I licked it, then started sucking it as she pushed it in and out of my mouth, her head laid back on my shoulder, my hard-on digging like a poker into her ass.

"Show me how you like it, baby," she whispered.

I sucked hard on it, the noise loud, even compared to the TV.

"Jesus, do you think I'm a vacuum?" she asked, sounding perturbed.

I stopped abruptly, and she dissolved into laugher, standing up. She disappeared, then came back, sans Popsicle.

"So, tell me, am I too young even to kiss?" she asked, standing directly in front of me, this time facing me.

I couldn't answer her. My opinion was in direct opposition with my need.

She took a deep breath, her hands going to the zipper at the front of her tiny sports bra.

CHAPTER FOUR

She slid the zipper down, taking it off slowly, and I lost my breath. No, that wasn't right. My breath was taken from me. Stolen right out of my lungs.

Her tits were perfect, round and big, supple and buoyant, and f**k me, they were even tan.

She had to sunbathe topless. I was panting as she moved closer.

"Take off your shirt," she told me.

I obeyed.

As I've said, I was unable to tell her no.

Incapable.

Literally.

Also, on a douche bag side note, I worked hard to look good naked, and it was nice to show it off, for once.

She made an appreciative noise.

I don't know why, but I took that as a request to pull my dick out, so I did.

She whistled. "Holy shit. That is f**king hot, but can we kiss first?"

I flushed, and put it away, murmuring an apology.

She moved to straddle me, her hands going to my shoulders. Her spectacular tits made very brief contact with my face before she sank down, moving until my c**k made solid contact with her through our clothes.

It's possible I drooled.

I kept my hands at my sides with great effort.

She kissed me.

She tasted like strawberries, her mouth still cold from the Popsicle. And her lips were so soft that I moaned, thrusting my tongue deep. The inside of her mouth was just perfect, soft and wet, hot and cold.

It was, hands down, the hottest kiss of my life.

"Oh yeah, baby," she groaned, her h*ps shifting restlessly, driving me wild.

She pulled back way too soon, but kept her lower body right where it was, right where it needed to be, if only we could get rid of these pesky clothes.

"Touch me," she mouthed, grabbing my hands and putting them on her ample chest.

I closed my eyes and gripped that firm flesh that was too young for me. I hadn't felt anything like it since my twenties. Hell, I hadn't ever had anything this fine in my hands.

I kneaded at her fleshy tits as she bounced on my lap, wondering how quickly I could politely get my c**k buried inside of her.

I wasn't picky where.

A hand job would be more than enough for me, at this point.

Hell, if she'd just let me jerk off and look at her, it'd still be the best sex I'd had in ages.

She started to move away, and I forced myself to let her go, my hand going to my erection. I stroked myself roughly.

She made a tutting noise and moved my hand away. "Been a while, baby?" she asked gently, rubbing my palms.

I nodded, watching her br**sts swaying as she stood.

"Can you turn on some music? Something with a heavy beat?"

My hands were shaking as I went for the remotes, switching through channels.

I paused on something I thought met her description, but she shook her head, and I kept cycling through, jaw clenched hard, c**k throbbing.

She held up her hand when I stopped on a station that was playing a song about being drunk in a kitchen. The singer even sounded drunk.

I didn't get why she seemed to love it, but I left it playing for her.

I'd been throbbing with need every millisecond of that ridiculous interaction.

I was starting to think she was just planning to tease me. If that was the case, I needed to go rub another one off in the bathroom, if I was going to live through this.

She started dancing to the music. She could move.

These young folks, with that twerking, I thought, just like an old fart.

I watched her pliant flesh gyrate in front of me, at a loss as to what I was supposed to be doing.

My hand went back to my cock.

"Hands off. That's mine," she told me, and I put my palm very heavily back at my side.

She turned, her butt way too close to my face, her h*ps thrusting back and forth.

Meanwhile, my satellite radio was still playing that drunk song, the singer now repeating the word 'surfboard' for no reason that I could fathom.

Finally, snapping, I grabbed her h*ps and buried my face in her ass. I licked her, thrusting my tongue hard into her little tiny booty shorts covered derriere.

There wasn't a part of her I wouldn't have licked, just for the contact.

She gasped and pulled away.

I would have apologized, if I could have found the breath.

"Not this time, baby," said Iris, sinking to her knees between my legs.

"Pull my hair," she told me, as she uncovered my throbbing cock.

I gripped two hands into it. It was soft and silky and baby fine. My eyes were unblinking on her as she wrapped her lush lips around my tip, then sank down, her tongue rubbing me as she worked her way down my shaft, then her hot throat gripping me, as she took me deeper.

"Fuck, Iris, f**k me, that feels so good. Don't choke yourself now. You can use your hands. Oh yeah, just like that. Keep doing that."

I moved her head up and down as I spoke, the words bursting out of me, 100% of their own volition.

Was this what a mid-life crisis felt like? I was a bit young for it, but hell if I had a better explanation for this senseless plunge into chaos.

Regardless of how I wanted to label it, though, it felt incredible.

I was getting close when she started to pull back.

I fought her for a moment, shoving deep down her throat, until I realized how wrong that was and let her go. It took every ounce of self-control I possessed.

She smiled, licking her lips, as she came up for air. "I just had one question. You want a money shot, or would you like it better if I swallowed?"

I shook my head, at a loss.

Fuck if I knew. That was like choosing between one of her perfect tits. They were both amazing.

She smiled her siren's smile and went back to sucking me into oblivion.

I shouted a warning at her just before I came.

She sucked me deeper, then moved up until her lips were milking at my tip.

She swallowed every drop of the liquid that shot out of me.

I decided I liked that better.

When she came up for air, her lips were swollen from her efforts, and she licked them with a smile. It was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen in the entire sad forty years of my life.

I wasn't one to fall asleep after sex, but I seemed to pass out cold after that.

I woke up, lying on my couch, a pillow under my head, and a blanket pulled over my shoulders.

That sweet girl had tucked me in.

I sat up, looking around. The house was completely dark. I charged through the first floor like a raging bull, turning on lights, looking for any sign of her. There was none.

Her shoes were missing from the front door.

I went upstairs and checked in my bathroom to see if she'd taken her bag. She had. It was there I discovered the message she'd left me.

It was written in hot pink lipstick on my bathroom mirror and surrounded by a big drawn on heart.

SEE YOU AT THE GYM TOMORROW XOXO

Her ridiculously tiny panties were still sitting on the counter.

I'm not proud of this, but I took them to bed with me.

My heart was racing as I headed to the fitness center the next morning. I searched my memory for a feeling like this, and I couldn't remember one, certainly not in the last decade.

I felt alive. It felt good.

Her amazing oral skills weren't even the thing I couldn't get over. Well, okay, they were up there. But what consumed my thoughts was the way she looked at me. The way she treated me.

She was aggressive, yes, but I'd dealt with aggressive women before, had had no trouble telling them no or turning them down. But she was different. She was aggressively sweet. It was a potent combination, and one that I thought I could enjoy trying to figure out.

I didn't see her when I walked in, or even after I dropped my bag in the locker room and came back out.

I got a little panicky when she was five minutes late. She was usually as punctual as I was.

I'd been keeping track.

I had to stop running for a minute when I saw her waltzing through the doors. I resumed my jogging as she disappeared into the women's locker room.

I couldn't seem to stop smiling.

"You look particularly chipper," she told me as she came up alongside my machine.

I winked at her, and she looked delighted by it.

She took my extra towel, draped it over her shoulder, staking claim to it, then moved to the treadmill next to mine.

Some meathead approached her as I hit the weights.

She smiled at him, and they chatted for a bit near the drinking fountain. She was still smiling when she approached me. She used her borrowed towel to dab at my forehead, then shocked me by planting a soft kiss on my lips.

"You know that guy?" I asked, trying not to sound like the jealous maniac that I suddenly was.

She shrugged. "I've seen him here a few times. He's always asking me out. I hope you don't mind, but I just told him you were my boyfriend, so he'd leave me alone."

"I don't mind."

"Don't mind that I told him that to leave me alone, or don't mind me calling you that in general?"

I was at a loss, but she took pity on me.

"I'm messing with you, Alasdair. Don't worry, I'm not a stage five clinger."

I didn't tell her that I wanted her to be one.

I usually looked forward to my workouts, but this one couldn't seem to go by fast enough to suit me. Just an hour and a half in, and I found myself asking her, "Do you have any plans today?"

"I have plans later tonight, but not until late."

I wanted to ask her what the evening's plans consisted of, but I was afraid of the answer.

She was a wild thing, and I wasn't sure I wanted to know what all that wildness might entail.

I liked this little fantasy of mine, where she only acted like this for me.

"Want to cut out now, head back to my place?" The words came out of me before I could stop them.

"I'd love to."

"Great. I'll go shower, and we can take off."

Her hand on my arm stopped me. "Wait. Don't. You can shower at home."

She didn't have to tell me twice.

We were driving, about halfway to my place, before she said, "Are you afraid to touch me, Alasdair? Do I make you that nervous?"

I didn't want to answer that.

She didn't press the issue, but she grabbed my hand, putting it on her thigh.

I started rubbing.

Her thigh felt so good, so firm, the skin so soft.

She was too much for me. I'd been starved for too long.

My hand just kept moving up, though I willed it to stay still. We were nearly to the gates of my community when I made it to her pu**y. I petted her there through her shorts, my breath panting out of me.

She didn't stop me.

I pulled over to the shoulder of the road, watching my hand as I softly rubbed her. It was a fairly secluded street, so we had just enough privacy to make me bold.

She grabbed the waistband of her hot pants (they were light blue today) and pulled them down, showing me tanned skin that led all the way to the tiny patch of hair between her thighs.

She was a natural blonde, apparently.

I cursed, a long and fluent tirade.

This chick was so far out of my league.

She smiled and guided my hand into her panties. They were so tiny that I wouldn't have even seen them if they weren't hot pink.

I cursed again when I felt that she was wet. I pushed a finger into her.

We both moaned.

"Are you going to let me f**k you, Iris?" I asked her, breath catching.

I had to know. I couldn't take the suspense for another f**king second.

"Any way you want to, baby. How long's it been for you?"

My eyes shut tight, my other hand going to my hard-on. I started jerking at it. Just the thought of getting my c**k inside of this hot little sheath had me losing it.

It was a bad angle, but I worked my finger in and out of her as fast as I could. She was so tight that she clenched like a vise on my finger. What would she do to my cock?

I'd been right all along. The girl was going to give me a heart attack.

"A long time. I had some angry sex with my ex on her way out, but that was it."

She stilled both of my hands. "Can you make it home before getting off, baby, or do you need something now?"

I shook my head, too far gone for words.

"Let me tide you over. Here."

She rose up on her knees, sliding her little shorts and thong down. Her body was so tight and tan. I honestly hadn't thought women could look like this in real life. Better than Playboy, better than Maxim.

Better than any f**king thing.

She unzipped her top, letting those glorious tits spill free, her coral pink ni**les erect.

"Touch me while I suck on your cock. I want the first time to be somewhere other than a cramped car, where you can take me really hard how I like."

Did she really just say that?

Who could turn that down?

Not me.

She bent over, ass in the air, and used both hands to yank me out of my loose shorts.

I plunged a finger into her pu**y from behind as she went to town on me with her soft little mouth.

I was making noises I'd never even heard before; certainly they hadn't come out of me prior to that moment. I couldn't hold them back.

It was unsettling and exhilarating.

She came up for air, and I kept finger f**king her. I swear I could have been happy with just that, just the feel of her perfect little flesh tight around my finger.

She moaned and whimpered, and I used my free hand to palm her br**sts. She stayed frozen like that, and I couldn't believe it when she started shaking, clenching, and calling my name.

Was she faking it? I, frankly, hadn't even been trying to get her off yet. I'd just been feeling her up, however I could. I'd been planning to eat her out to get her to come, later. In my limited experience, women were not this easy to get off. It took time, and epic amounts of oral. Hell, I hadn't even touched her clit.

My finger had stopped moving in her, but she started to jerk her h*ps as her walls stopped clenching around me.

"Don't stop. Again, baby."

"Did you really...come?"

She laughed. "What gave it away?"

She went right back to sucking on me.

I was done for. I didn't last thirty seconds after that.

I shot my load down her throat, and those muscles worked me as she swallowed every bit of it. When I stopped spurting, she made her way up to my tip and licked it clean

She kissed me after, my finger still inside of her, and I could taste myself on her.

"Next time you go down on me, I want to come all over your tits," I told her. "And your face."

I couldn't believe that had come out of my mouth.

What the f**k was wrong with me?

"And then you can titty f**k me," she whispered into my mouth.

Well, f**k.

Out. Classed.

CHAPTER FIVE

She took my finger out of her, pulling up her shorts. She didn't sit down or buckle up though. She wasn't finished with me.

She moved to kneel over me, her br**sts right at eye level. I grabbed her perfect little ass and buried my face there.

She moaned, holding one puckered tip up to my mouth. "Suck on them. They're so sensitive, baby. I've had fantasies about you touching them, licking them, sucking on them, since the first time I saw you."

I wanted to ask her about that, but my mouth was full. Both of my hands moved up to fondle her roughly. I licked her ni**les, drawing them into my mouth.

I was hard again, or still, and I pushed up at her as I played with her tits.

It was better than Christmas, and I hadn't even f**ked her yet.

"The first time, I'm going to take you against the front door, because that is as far as we're going to make it before I bury my c**k in that tight little cunt of yours." I spoke against her nipple, then moved to the other, taking it into my mouth for a few rough pulls.

She moaned, bouncing on my lap.

"Am I being too rough on them?"

"No."

"They're so soft. You have the most spectacular rack on the planet, but I'm sure you know that."

"Mmm, tell me anyway."

I smiled and nuzzled into her.

Resolutely, I set her back in her seat. I tried to zip her bra back up for her, but I couldn't make her fit back into it.

She laughed and waved me off, doing it herself.

"The second time I think we'll make it into the kitchen. I'll take you face down on the counter. It should be just the perfect height."

She buckled up, then reached over and stroked my c**k with a light touch.

I started driving, pulling back onto the road with one hand, the other covering hers, pushing it into my shorts, and stroking hard.

She pulled away, because we were approaching the gate. I squeezed my tip hard one last time and reached up to grip the steering wheel.

The guard nodded at me, a question in his eyes. He opened the gate, but tried to wave me over.

I ignored him. I really didn't want to talk to him just then. Not to mention my impossible to miss hard-on.

I started cursing as I pulled into my driveway. A familiar black Mercedes was parked at the front door. It was unoccupied, which infuriated me, as I saw no one around. The bitch had somehow kept a key.

"Whose car is that?"

"Tammy's. My ex-wife."

She whistled. "She come over often?"

"No. Never. Well, hardly ever. The last time I saw her was a few months ago, when she came to hit me up for money. Don't ask me why she needed it. I gave her millions in the divorce settlement. My best guess is she couldn't access the full amount fast enough."

"Does she still have a key?"

"I guess so. She's not supposed to, but I'm positive that I didn't leave the house unlocked, and I don't see her out here."

"Wow. She filched a key? She's still got a thing for you, huh?"

I shot her a look. "Hardly. That was kind of the problem with our marriage. When we were younger, I encouraged her to go to school. She went for a few years, then dropped out. She told me I was pushing her into a career she didn't want. She said she wanted to stay at home, keep house, even though we paid someone to clean the place, but I said fine.

I just wanted her to be happy, but she was never happy. I swear she spent ten years where she did nothing but play on the computer, addicted to some online game. When I caught her cheating, she said that I made her stay home, that I'd held her back, and turned her into a depressed housewife.

"Sheesh, make up your mind, Dair, were you pushing her too hard or holding her back?"

I smiled at the teasing note to her voice. "I wish I knew. I was just doing my best. She said I worked too much, then when I'd take time off to be with her, she said I was smothering her."

"She sounds bipolar."

"Probably. Whatever she is, it's not my problem anymore." I'd never been so happy about it as I was at just that moment.

"Well, her loss is my gain."

"I'm sorry. I need to stop talking about this. I'm probably boring you to tears."

"Not at all. I want to hear it. I want to know everything. Every piece of the puzzle."

"Me being the puzzle?"

"Of course."

I thought that was encouraging. And I loved that she thought of people as puzzles. I thought the same.

I sighed heavily. "She doesn't seem to be coming out. I guess I should get this over with."

"So I get to meet your ex already?"

Why did she look gleeful at the prospect?

"What do you mean, already? Were you planning to meet her later?"

She winked at me. "Well, yeah, eventually. It was inevitable, right?"

What the hell did she mean by that? I couldn't begin to guess. I could only be relieved that she wasn't running in the other direction at the first sign of drama.

"I hope you don't scare easily. She can be a little sharp." That was the nicest way I could word it.

"I'm sure I'll survive. Come on, champ, let's go do this."

I laughed. I loved her attitude.

Tammy was ready to ambush us the second we walked in the front door.

She'd put some time and care into her looks today. She wore a tight leopard print dress that I'd have sworn she never would have been caught dead in a year ago. She was thin, the only shape on her body given to her by her prominent bones. What there was of her chest was being tortured into making cle**age that spilled out of her top. The dress was flattering, if you liked a woman thin like that. I found that I didn't care for it at all, anymore. Had I ever? I couldn't even remember.

She wore very high red stilettos that, again, you couldn't have made her wear a year ago.

Her hair was down. It was her pride and joy. It was dark, thick and wavy, and she kept it very long. She'd done something to it, gotten highlights that were a touch too brassy, and made it look fried.

Her makeup was heavy and dark, her chocolate brown eyes lined thickly. She was a beautiful woman, I'd always thought so, but I found suddenly that she just looked tired and worn-out. And mean. And, frankly, old. I wasn't proud of myself for thinking it, but hell, the woman had done a whole lot to earn my contempt.

As soon as her gaze caught Iris, they became glued to the other woman.

"Oh, God, Dair, what are you doing? What is she, eighteen? I come to see you, to talk like mature adults, and I find this?"

Iris was unfazed. Completely unflappable.

In fact, she smiled.

I decided then and there that I just might already be falling for her.

"Iris, this is my ex-wife, Tammy. Tammy, this is Iris. She's twenty-four, if you must know."

"Nice to meet you, Tammy. Hope you two get this issue cleared up. I'm going to take a shower. I'm all sweaty from the gym." She looked at me, batting her lashes. "And just plain filthy. Excuse me while I go get clean."

Tammy watched her leave, mouth agape. Her eyes were on the younger woman's ass. She seemed to be taking particular exception to that spectacular ass.

I watched Iris leave, as well, trying not to drool.

"Really, Dair! That is just too much. What are you thinking? She's so young! Is she a prostitute?" Tammy asked shrilly, with Iris very likely still in earshot.

I shut my eyes tight, so annoyed I wanted to drag my ex bodily out of my house and never see her again. "Of course she isn't," I said coldly. "And you've got no right to judge anything that goes on in my life."

"You do realize she's a gold digger?!"

I took a few deep, calming breaths. "Well, you would know how to spot that. And I doubt it's possible she could do more damage than you have. Certainly, no other gold digger could make a man so miserable, and take as much money, as you have. What have I really got to lose at this stage in my life?"

She gasped in outrage and went on a rant. I realized, as she went on and on, that this woman had no power over me anymore.

Well, aside from the power to annoy me.

The thought was liberating.

I moved through the house to the kitchen.

She dogged my every step.

"Is this how you ask me for money?" I finally asked, interrupting her tirade. "Does this seem like a smart way to approach a man that you've already milked dry in terms of legal rights? Have you ever thought of asking nicely?"

She flushed. "It's just a loan, until we get more of my money freed up."

I didn't miss the we of that, and for once I didn't care.

Or the my money part. That part still smarted, but it was more about the bitterness of it. She'd never worked a day, never cleaned a dish, never gone out of her way to make my day f**king sunnier, and she got half? What the f**k kind of sense did that make?

I kept all of that to myself, instead asking, "How much?" I'd pay a lot to just get her out of there.

I wasn't an idiot. I knew it wasn't a loan.

"A hundred thousand."

My eyes widened.

The bitch had lost her mind. "Is this a joke?"

She rolled her eyes. She'd never lacked nerve. "I know how much money you have. You can spare that much for a few months. Hell, even if we didn't pay you back, I know you'd never notice. You just like to let your money sit in a bank, anyway."

I opened my mouth, to say something suitably outraged, I presume, but suddenly, all rational thought left my brain.

Iris was back, still in her little workout getup, still un-showered.

She smiled at me, just the sweetest smile. "I've decided to swim before I shower. Are there any spare suits around?"

I shook my head, my eyes on her body, really wishing I had one for her. I wanted to see that so badly.

She winked at me and turned to Tammy.

I still didn't know what the f**k her little winks meant, but I loved them.

"Hey Tammy, this is a weird question, but do you happen to keep a spare bikini, like in your car or something?"

"What the hell are you talking about?" Tammy asked, exactly like a shrew.

Iris had asked very sweetly, and she smiled very sweetly at the bitch's response. She shrugged. "Well, c'est la vie. I guess I'll improvise. It is a private yard, after all."

And with that, she went back upstairs.

I shook my head, thoroughly bemused.

"Is she slow in the head or something?" Tammy asked me, again, exactly like a shrew. What had I ever seen in the woman, even before she'd been unfaithful? Had she always been so unpleasant?

"She's very bright actually," I said, my tone flat. It was a fact. Tammy was trying to make me defensive about the other woman's intelligence, and she couldn't have found a less sore spot to pick on.

Tammy started going on again about what she needed to do with my money (my literal money, not the money she'd taken in the divorce) and I just sort of zoned out.

No way in hell was I giving her another hundred grand. She could talk all day, but that wasn't happening.

If she'd asked for anything under twenty, I might have caved, but this was too much.

"I'm not giving you a hundred grand," I finally told her coldly. "You can wait another six months to get the millions of my dollars that you didn't earn."

"Oh I earned it! Being married to you, I earned it. You neglected me, left me to rot in boredom, always working, and then-"

She trailed off, made speechless by the vision that had just floated to the bottom of the stairs.

My jaw dropped.

Iris smiled at me, her arms up as she pulled her hair into a high ponytail.

She was buck naked, and it was the best view I'd ever had in my life. She smiled and shrugged, not at all self-conscious. "Sorry. I really wanted to swim. Where are your pool towels?"

I pointed to the bathroom that led out into the backyard, trying hard to get my jaw to work well enough to close my mouth again.

She waltzed right up, going on tiptoe to rub her lips against mine in the softest kiss.

I grabbed her ponytail, shoving my tongue into her mouth.

I was a ravenous beast.

She pulled back with a soft laugh. "Come join me anytime you like, baby."

She walked away, and I let her, but only because the alternative was to mount her on the floor with my ex-wife in the room.

CHAPTER SIX

Iris didn't leave right away, instead walking into the kitchen, opening the refrigerator, and pulling out two bottles of water.

She stopped directly in front of Tammy, smiling blandly, and giving the other woman a very clear head to toe view of her flawless competition.

It had to be demoralizing.

Tammy had never looked that good, not for one second in her entire life (no one had) but she particularly didn't now.

Iris was in a class all on her own.

"Hope you get all this settled, guys. Nice to meet you, Tammy."

With that, Iris walked out the back door, and I watched her perfect butt with every step, until she was out of sight.

I turned to Tammy. "Give me your key and get out."

She was trembling with rage. I thought that interaction had to be a blow to her ego, at the very least. "You-you-you-"

She wasn't taking my new attitude very well. She'd always gotten me to do whatever the hell she wanted, but I wasn't playing that game anymore.

It was amazing what having your c**k sucked by a much younger woman could do for a man's self-esteem.

I shook my head and followed Iris. No way could I pass up the opportunity. I shut the door very decisively behind me. Tammy had best not even think of following me.

Sure enough, Iris was still naked, bouncing slowly on the diving board.

She grinned huge when she saw me. "Good. Will you rub some suntan oil on me? I found a bottle in the cupboard with the towels."

I nodded, eyes glued to her.

If she had asked me to lick her ass**le while she cut the lawn with her teeth, I would have agreed to do it. I would have agreed to any f**king thing right then.

"Watch this first!" she called, bouncing harder on the board.

I walked to the edge of the pool, mesmerized.

I had the thought that I hoped Tammy had left, but it was a fleeting thought. I couldn't keep it in my head for even a second, watching the perfect globes of Iris' bare br**sts swaying in broad daylight.

I pulled my dick out and started stroking it.

She giggled, and made a running jump off the board, jack-knifing into the water.

It was amazing. She was some diver.

I jerked harder.

She sliced through the water, swimming smoothly to the other side of the water, directly across from me. Half of the pool was strategically covered by a few large shade sails. She climbed out, perching herself on the edge, on that shaded half.

I pumped harder as her beautiful body flexed as she moved.

She dipped just her legs from the calf down into the water.

She sat back on her hands and parted her tan thighs wide.

I squeezed and jerked hard, getting close.

"Stop," she called out softly, then reached down and started touching herself.

I was na**d and in the water in less than five seconds, across the water in two more.

She giggled when I came up for air between her thighs, my shoulders hooking under her legs.

She ran a hand over my wet hair. "You're so handsome," she told me.

I shook my head, wondering if this could possibly be reality. "Am I dreaming right now?" I asked her.

She giggled again. "If you were dreaming, what would you do next?"

I reached a hand up and started kneading at one of her ripe tits, then pulled myself up and started sucking on the other one.

She moaned. "Oh God, baby, I want you to titty f**k these. They're so sensitive, and you're so hard. It would be incredible."

I pulled back, then down, my eyes on her open pu**y. It was so pretty, with hair as pale as that on her head. Even in Playboy, I'd never seen a pu**y with such a perfect little bush. "If this is a dream, and I'm pretty sure it is, I'd bury my face in your cunt and eat you out until you screamed."

She shifted, parting her thighs a touch wider.

I started to lower my mouth to her, but she stopped me with a hand on my shoulder. "Wait."

I looked up at her.

"Some guys like eating pu**y, and some don't, but they do it anyway. I don't want your mouth on me unless you f**king love it."

I didn't even hesitate. "I f**king love it."

She let me at it, and I went to town on her, licking, sucking, nuzzling, my hands just as busy, groping at her breast with one hand, finger f**king her with the other.

She gripped my hair, splayed out for me while I tongue f**ked her.

I was true to my word. I made her scream, and unless I was dreaming, she came against my busy mouth three times.

It was beautiful.

Finally, I pulled back, desperate, done for.

"Let's go upstairs," I told her gruffly, climbing out of the water. She rose, looking a little shaky, and grabbed my hand.

I watched her knees, finding it so endearing that I'd made them weak.

"God, you're so good. Your tongue...my word, Dair."

I couldn't stop smiling as I tugged her inside.

There was no sign of Tammy, thank God, as I dragged Iris through the house and up the stairs to my room.

I had her pinned to the tiled wall in my shower, one lush thigh thrown over my forearm, erection poised right at her entrance. I was watching raptly, about to sink in, shaking with need, when I realized that someone was pounding hard at my bedroom door.

I couldn't quite believe it when I recognized Tammy's shrewish voice screaming for me to open up. My mind just couldn't process that she was still there.

Iris and I were on a different planet right now, as far as I was concerned.

"Ignore her. I want you inside of me."

I shut my eyes, inching my throbbing c**k back a bit. "I don't want her anywhere near us the first time we get to do this."

"Fuck me," Iris mouthed. "Who cares what she's doing? Let her yell, just so long as you make me scream again."

I tried again, my whole body shaking with the effort to go slowly, when Tammy's shrill voice penetrated once again.

"I'm sorry. I can't let the first time be like this. I'm glad she's not scaring you off, but I need to get rid of her before we do this."

I let her leg drop. She kissed my shoulder and moved away, out of the shower. She started drying herself, and I shut off the water and got out, watching her.

I dripped all over the floor before she was done, but still I couldn't move.

She smiled at me, moving into the bedroom, dropping her towel on her way to the bed.

I grabbed another for myself and followed.

Iris sprawled out on her back, her h*ps on the edge of the mattress. She lifted each of her ankles slowly, digging her heels into the bed, her legs parted wide enough to give me the view of a lifetime.

I dried off as I approached her, cursing as I got closer and took in the full effect of her.

Tammy had stopped making a racket, and so I dropped to my knees right in front of Iris, between her parted thighs. I leaned close, breathing her in for one long moment, and then I started lapping at her.

I ate her out again, licking, nuzzling, pushing two fingers in hard while I sucked oh so softly at her clit.

She gasped and clutched at my hair. I felt her clenching rhythmically on my finger, and pulled back to watch her coming. Again. She was just so wonderfully responsive. It was the polar opposite of what I was used to.

The pounding started up again, and I pulled back from Iris with a curse.

"Five minutes," I told her. "And then I'm going to f**k you until we both pass out cold."

She smiled, stretching, her beautiful lithe body flexing with the motion. She rolled over onto her belly, looking like she was about to drift off. "If I fall asleep," she murmured, affirming my suspicions. "Just wake me up. Do whatever you like with me, baby. Fuck me awake, if you need to."

I shook myself. This just couldn't be reality.

I bent down, nuzzling my face into her ass.

She gasped, but she didn't stop me, and I moved up her body, kissing each of the sweet little dimples above her butt before I pulled away.

Tammy had her hand raised to pound again when I opened the door on her.

I hadn't even bothered to put on pants, and I was still hard and throbbing, but I just didn't care. I wanted her out of there five minutes ago, so all of my wildest fantasies could just keep marching on.

"You're leaving, right this second, or I'm calling the police," I told her, authority in my voice.

She gasped, her eyes flying to my errant cock.

I grabbed her arm and started marching her through the hallway and down the stairs.

She went easily enough, until we hit the front door, then she whirled on me again.

I could see right away that her tactic had changed. She licked her lips, eyeing my body.

She probably thought my raging hard-on had something to do with her.

Not f**king likely.

She put a hand to my chest, licking her lips again. "I just want to talk. Get that slut out of here, and we can talk. I'm serious here, Dair."

I opened the door, holding out my hand. "Give me the key, and don't call her a slut. She's a very nice girl, and you were married to me with some other guy's c**k down your throat, and that was just the part I saw firsthand. So if you're going to call someone a slut-"

She actually tried to slap me.

I caught her wrist.

Chest heaving, her other hand went to my dick.

I had a horrible moment where I thought she was going to try to maim me, but she just started stroking in the most blatant come-on.

Jaw clenched, I pried her hand away.

Today of all days, for her to decide to pull a psycho stunt like this. It was beyond the worst luck ever.

"See now, this is what I'm talking about. You, of all people, shouldn't be throwing around the word slut. Give me your key, and don't come back."

She gasped in outrage, and finally got the hint, but she left without giving me her key.

That was fine. I'd have the locks changed as soon as humanly possible.

In the meantime, I put the chain on the front door, then went around the entire house, bolting us in securely.

I wanted no interruptions for this next part.

Iris was on her belly, sleeping like a contented kitten, when I rejoined her.

I sighed, not knowing what to do. I didn't want to be an insensitive jerk and wake her up. She was obviously tired.

But I was so hard that my teeth ached with it.

I went into the closet, grabbing a handful of condoms that I had to check hadn't expired.

I moved back to the bed to sit at her hip, reaching to feel between her legs. I played with her until she was dripping wet, and still she slept on.

I sighed, cursing Tammy once again.

Gently, I rolled Iris onto her back. I couldn't help it.

I was going to give into my douche bag half.

I wasn't that creative in bed. My hit list was about as long as my list of lovers, so I just started eating her out again, both hands reaching up to rub on her br**sts. I squeezed them hard. The flesh just felt too good. I squeezed until I heard her moan, and then stopped because I wasn't sure if it'd been a moan of pleasure or pain.

I moved up her body, pushing her br**sts together while I licked and sucked at each one, my c**k grinding hard into her inner thigh. I didn't want to her be asleep the first time I got inside of her, but I was quickly running out of every bit of my self-control.

When I felt her hands, finally, bury in my hair, I moved back down, tonguing her clit, and jamming two fingers in hard. I worked her for less than a minute before she was falling apart.

She clutched me as she cried out her release. It was ridiculous how easy it was to make her come. It felt like cheating. I barely had to work for it.

CHAPTER SEVEN

I pulled back to stare at her.

"You okay?" I asked her.

She was so quiet, just watching me, looking sort of dazed.

She nodded and smiled, spreading her thighs wider. The shades in the room were open wide, and sunlight was playing liberally over her body. Even in that less than forgiving light, she was just perfect, every inch of her.

"Are you okay to...you know...? You awake enough to know what's going on?"

She tried to sit up, and I had to move off her so she could.

I was suddenly terrified that she wasn't going to let me f**k her.

"One second," she said softly. "I'll be right back."

She went into the bathroom.

I sat up, moving to the edge of the bed. I hoped she wasn't leaving. It was afternoon, and I knew she had to be somewhere that night. I badly needed her to stay for at least a few more hours, or hell, five more minutes, if I couldn't be picky.

My mind was racing, wondering when we'd get back to letting me f**k her.

She came back out, still naked, and smiling.

She moved to me, straddling my thigh. She gripped my hair. "I want to ride you," she whispered. "Lie back."

I lay back, trembling, as she made good on her promise, moving astride me. Without discussion or delay, she grabbed one of the condoms, ripping it open and rolling it onto me, her touch firm and sure.

She mounted me, no teasing, no hesitation, just impaled herself and started moving, up and down, her tits bouncing vigorously.

I had been worried she was just messing with me, that this was some torturous situation where she was only here to tease me.

It wasn't that. This was the real f**king deal. And it was a-fucking-mazing.

I didn't last thirty seconds.

It felt like heaven in her cunt, and I was just too worked up to be of much use to her.

I closed my eyes, acutely embarrassed, when she stopped riding me abruptly.

"I'm sorry," I gasped. "It's been too long, and I wanted that too much.

She shifted restlessly on top of me. "Don't be sorry. That was amazing. Yeah, it could have lasted longer, but it felt so good, I don't even care. There's always next time."

She moved to get off me.

I held her hips. I was only semi-hard now, but I started moving my hips, bouncing just to feel her.

"I should have titty f**ked you first, then I'd have lasted longer in your cunt."

"I liked it. Don't be sorry. It was all just great. We don't have to do everything all at once. We can take our time, Dair."

"I'm just worried I won't see you again. And after that performance..."

She smiled and stroked my cheek. "You silly man. I'm not going anywhere, and the performance was just delicious, so stop being so hard on yourself. I love your body; love everything we've done. You ate me out until I lost count on how many times I came, for Christ's sake. Quit acting like you've been selfish."

Incredibly, I was getting hard again. I started flexing my hips. Oh yeah, it was back.

Fuck yeah.

I switched to a new condom like I was being timed for speed, and moved back to her, kissing her, stroking her.

As soon as I was confident that I had a real working hard-on on my hands, I flipped her onto her back and started f**king her rough.

"God, you feel incredible," I told her, kissing her, sucking on her tongue, while I grabbed her ass in both hands and drilled into her.

"You're amazing," she told me dreamily, her eyes glazed over.

I worked her pu**y hard that time, making sure she got her pleasure, loving every second I got in paradise, f**king her hard and fast, then switching it up, going slow and even, watching her lovely face all the while.

I took my time, working her with measured thrusts, but even so, my own orgasm surprised me, sneaking up, and bursting over me, the most powerful one I could remember.

I shook and yelled as I came deep inside of her.

I didn't even have the energy to roll away, passing out right on top of her, likely crushing the breath out of her.

When I woke up, it was dark, I had a blanket tucked in up to my neck, and she was gone.

There was another hot pink lipstick message surrounded by a heart on my mirror.

YOU'RE THE BEST! SEE YOU AT THE GYM TOMORROW XOXO

The first thing I did the next morning was call a locksmith and schedule an appointment for that very afternoon. That shit with my ex was never happening again.

I showed up at the gym two hours early. I knew she wouldn't be there, but I also knew that when she was there, I'd have a hard time getting my full routine in.

Iris came waltzing into the gym right on schedule. It was busy, and I had a perfect view of her from where I was doing oblique raises on a power tower, so I didn't miss the fact that every single guy, and even a few of the women, stopped what they were doing to give her admiring glances, or hell, openly gaping.

I lowered myself until my feet touched the ground, drinking her in.

She was a bombshell, there was no question. She wore neon yellow shorts today with a black sports bra. Her running shoes matched her shorts. Her hair was scraped up into a messy ponytail, and she looked good enough to eat.

And she came right to me, looked only at me. It was surreal.

She didn't stop when she reached me, instead walked right into me, throwing her arms around my neck and pressing close. She pulled my head down to hers and started kissing. I kissed her back, running my hands over her shoulders, down her spine, and to her ass. It wasn't long before I was gripping it in both hands and grinding against her.

She pulled back with a giggle. "I was just saying hi. You're going to get us into trouble, Dair."

I blinked, trying to come out of my lust haze.

She leaned close, pulling my head down to speak into my ear. "You were incredible yesterday. Best sex of my life, bar none."

I swallowed hard. Christ, she was addictive.

She moved away, and started to stretch, not five feet away from me.

I meant to resume my workout, but I just found myself watching her, fascinated by every shift of her lithe body.

And then, unfortunately, I found myself looking around, at the way everyone else was looking at her, with the same rapt attention I was. Some of the looks she was getting, the way the gym rats were eying her had my jealous side coming out.

How could I be this jealous, this possessive about a woman I'd only been on speaking terms with for a few days? I didn't know, but it was impossible to deny that it was happening.

"I'm sorry about my ex-wife yesterday," I told her, when she'd moved close again. It really was a miracle she hadn't been scared off.

She just hitched up her shoulder in a little shrug that made her br**sts shift enough to draw my gaze.

"Did you see that dress she was wearing? She was all sexed up for you. I think she came there to seduce you."

I winced, because she was likely right, and I really didn't want her to know it.

I did the only thing a man could do with that.

I changed the subject.

"So if that dress was supposed to seduce me, what is that getup you're wearing supposed to do?"

"Make you lose every ounce of good sense you ever had, and take a walk on the wild side. Is it working?"

Of course it was. I didn't even need to answer, as I was pretty sure it was a rhetorical question.

"I've never seen you wear anything else," I told her, my eyes on her taut belly. I wanted badly to bury my face right there.

And lower.

She moved close, shamelessly close, digging a soft hand into my hair and gripping.

I was going to lose it.

"You've seen me wear nothing. That's something else."

My vision glazed over. I lost most of my brain function for a few long moments.

She kissed my jaw softly once and then moved away.

I was frozen, watching her again as she began to lift some light weights. And after a time, I began to obsess about how many other men were watching her, and how they were watching her. It was unsettling just how that made me feel. I was not a man prone to physical rages of any kind, but seeing the way they looked at her made me feel violent.

"Why do you dress like that?" I asked her quietly the next time she moved close. "You have a beautiful body, but do you have to show off every single inch of it?"

I wanted to take back the words the instant they left my mouth. I didn't want to come across like a jealous psychopath, or worse, a chauvinistic ass.

Or even, God forbid, unappreciative of the spectacular view she was giving me.

Luckily she seemed unfazed. In fact, she smiled that sweet smile of hers. It was mysterious and too perfect. "You wouldn't have looked twice at me if I wasn't wearing this."

That just blew my mind. Could this Goddess actually suffer from self-esteem issues?

Impossible. Blasphemous.

"Honey, I would have been drooling over you if you'd walked in here covered from the neck down in a paper bag."

She shook her head, getting right up in my personal space, her hands going to the front of my shoulders and rubbing. "Not true. You may think it is, but it's not. You see, the first time I came in here, I noticed you, but you didn't even glance at me. I was wearing sweats, and I got nothing from you. The next day, I came in dressed like this, and you couldn't tear your eyes away."

I blinked very slowly, at a loss. Could that really have happened? Had I been so oblivious, so locked up in my own head that she'd had to prance around almost na**d before I'd looked up?

The more I thought about it, that did sound like me. I didn't feel good about it, but I could see it happening.

"I'm an ass. I'm sorry. I do tend to block out everything around me when I go into deep thought mode. Especially when I workout. That's brainstorming time for me."

She kept smiling, moving close until her body was pressed up against mine. "I'm not offended, and I'm not complaining. I can see how I affect you, and I love it. I only told you that because you asked me why I dress like this."

My hands went to her hips. I really was about a second away from doing something that would involve public indecency, at the very least. "You're saying that you only dress like this for me? That you've had your eye on me from the first time you came here?"

She didn't hesitate to nod, giving me really solid eye contact. "Yes. I saw you and I wanted you. Is that so hard to believe? Have you taken a good look at you?"

I groaned and started kissing her.

She was just too much. Everything my bruised ego and trampled heart needed to start to mend themselves.

She pulled back after a few beats, her hands going to my chest in a failed attempt to keep me at a slight distance.

My hands were filled with her ass, and gripping close, I rubbed myself against her.

I hadn't lost all concept of where we were; I'd just lost the ability to give a damn.

"Wait, stop," she said breathlessly, and it was enough to make me take a step back.

No meant no, even my less thinking brain was aware.

"There's a massage room in back. I don't know if it has a lock, but I'm pretty sure it's empty right now."

My breath was shuttering in and out, and I just looked at her. She certainly knew how to catch me off guard.

Grabbing my hand, she began to tug me in that direction.

I'd probably lose my gym membership for this, but did I care?

Not f**king likely.

The door to the small room she pulled me into did not have a lock.

That didn't stop us.

She moved to the table, her back to me. She tugged her shorts down, and leaned forward, elbows on the padded surface in front of her. "We need to be quick," she said quietly.

Fuck. My wallet (with a condom) was in the locker. It may as well have been an ocean away, with her ass pointed at me like that.

"I don't have anything on me. I need to go to my locker and get something."

"I'm clean and I have an IUD," she said, straightening just long enough to unzip and shrug out of her itty-bitty sports bra.

Well f**k.

Apparently, even a lack of protection wouldn't stop us.

I wasn't an idiot. Far from it. But I was just learning in that moment that I was as capable as your average mouth-breather of having an idiotic moment.

I told myself that I could worry about it later.

And that actually worked!

I was surprising myself by the second.

I stripped down, because she was, and I wanted to feel her back against my chest when I mounted her from behind.

My hands covered her hands, and I shifted my h*ps until I felt her wet entrance teasing my tip. With a groan, I gripped one fleshy tit, and moved my other hand to guide myself home.

I sank in a few perfect inches.

I wasn't gentle as I used her br**sts like handles and began to thrust. She didn't complain. No, not a bit. The sounds coming out of her were definitely moans of pleasure.

I lost it and took her hard and fast. I embarrassed myself, being bare inside of her too much for me, and came before she did.

I pulled out still coming, spurting against her ass. This was not going to be an easy cleanup, but I couldn't make myself care. I needed to make her come. I needed to leave her satisfied enough to keep coming back for more.

I turned her, lifting her up onto the table. She was so easy to handle, light as a feather.

I pushed her until she was flat on her back, and began to work her with my fingers, bending down to draw on the hard peak of a nipple.

I stopped when I thought she was close, because I was hard again, and whether or not I was capable of coming again, I wanted to be inside of her when she did.

I turned her, wrenching her legs open, and stepping between, her h*ps at the edge of the table. She was sopping wet, and I eased in fast and hard, jolting out, then in again, my finger working her cl*t softly, my eyes all over her perfect body, her lovely face as she came, clenching on my cock.

I didn't stop, couldn't, and embarrassed myself, yet again, by not lasting much more than a f**king minute.

"I'm sorry," I gasped out. "I'm not usually this fast."

She laughed. It was a shaky laugh, as she was obviously still recovering from her own pleasure.

It was music to my ears. I loved that laugh.

"Don't apologize for that," said Iris. "That was amazing. You're the best lover. You have to know that."

I shook my head, dazed, my eyes on her splayed out, perfect tanned, perfect everything'd body.

She sat up just enough to cup my jaw in her hand. "Seriously. The best."

I was suddenly weak, so tired I could barely stand. "I, um," I started to pull out of her, and even exhausted, I watched my progress with careful adoration. Every inch that dragged out seemed to be caressed lovingly as it went.

I felt shaky as I got dressed, but she seemed to bounce back with no problem. I reflected briefly on the beauty of being twenty-four and tireless. She could certainly run laps around me. Though I know that biologically sex tended to be more exhausting for men, the age difference had to be at least a bit of a factor.

"I have a few hours before I need to be anywhere," she told me, grabbing my hand. "Let's go back to your place and take a nap."

I let her lead me to the car and didn't even put up a fight when she decided to drive. She'd worn me out. I was pretty much putty in her hands.

"Why don't we go to your place this time?" I asked her as she started to drive.

Her expression was pleasantly blank. It didn't so much as twitch at my question. "Maybe next time. It's a little messy at the moment."

"How do you get around? You don't have a car, do you?"

"I don't," she said, shrugging. "Which is fine. It's not hard to get where you want in this town."

"Well, feel free to borrow one of mine. There are several in the garage. Take your pick."

Her face became even more blank and only slightly less pleasant. "I'm good, but thank you."

"I don't mind, really." It suddenly occurred to me that it would bring me immense relief if I knew she had safe transportation. How did she get around? And how could it possibly be safe for her to do so without a car?

"Don't worry about it."

"I am worried about it. Just pick a car and use it. It would make me feel better if you did."

"No, thank you."

"Why not?"

"Because I'm not here to use you. I have a feeling you've had a bit too much of that in your life, Dair."

"You wouldn't be using me. I'm offering, for me, because it would make me feel better to know you have a safe way to get around."

She patted my knee and didn't say another word about it, no matter what I said. It was infuriating. She was as stubborn as she was sweet.

Sweet and affectionate. Even as she drove, she kept reaching over to touch me, sweet touches, stroking my cheek, rubbing my shoulder, patting my hand.

I was still tired, still sleepy, but I sat there like a stone, hands on my knees, while she did it.

It feels nice to be touched, I mused.

It was comforting, it occurred to me, and I was surprised by the thought.

CHAPTER EIGHT

I fell asleep the second I laid myself out on my bed and more than half-expected to wake up alone.

But I didn't, this time.

I roused wrapped around her, her little blonde head burrowed under my chin, one of her arms thrown over my ribs, her blunt nails tracing soft patterns onto my back.

It was still light out, so it couldn't be that late. I was relieved. I wanted more of her and not tomorrow.

Today.

Now.

My hand stroked over her soft hair, and she shifted back to look at me, her gaze very alert, as though she hadn't slept at all.

I took her face in both hands and started kissing. It was a slow, open-mouthed kiss. Wet and warm and perfect. I would have been happy just to stay in bed and keep kissing her like that, but she went limp, then started moaning, and I knew it wouldn't be enough for long.

My hands started wandering. She was wearing a white T-shirt, one of mine, I thought, but I quickly discovered that she wore nothing underneath.

She'd showered while I slept, I could tell. Her hair was dry, but she smelled like my soap. My inner mouth-breather (the one that was just now coming forth) loved that, relished that it marked her as mine.

I pulled away from her soft mouth with a gasp, buried my face in her neck, and took the deepest breath. This thing between us, this insane energy that took me over when she came near, didn't seem to be fading the more I had her.

It was the opposite.

I really hoped she wasn't going to disappear from my life anytime soon, but I was very aware that I had little to no control over that.

She pulled away suddenly, shifted her body out from under mine, and moved away.

I blinked, once, twice, trying to shift gears, attempting to keep up with whatever was going on, but my body was not cooperating.

"We need to eat," she told me, her face and voice unreadable. "We skipped lunch, and it's time for dinner. I'm starving."

I nodded my head, still trying to resurface from my lust haze. I wasn't sure how she did it, but my brain was not functioning yet.

"Do you mind if I poke around in your kitchen to see what there is to eat?" she asked, already moving off the bed.

I was still throbbing, my eyes on her body, my mouth forming words that had almost no meaning to me. "Make yourself at home."

She strode from the room.

My hand went to my c**k and started stroking. I couldn't shift gears that fast, and I needed relief. It wasn't like I wasn't used to hand jobs. And I had some delicious visuals in my head just from the last ten minutes alone.

"Come keep me company!" I heard her call from the hallway, and I stopped jerking with a curse. If there was even a small chance I could get off with her, instead of just thinking of her, I had to take it.

Who knew how long this little fling of ours would last? Certainly not me, and I needed to savor every luscious encounter.

I slipped on a pair of gym shorts, and that was it. I was hoping to need as little clothing as possible again in the very near future.

She was already setting food out on the counter nearest the stovetop when I joined her in the kitchen.

I leaned back against the island, folding my arms over my chest, and watched her. I'd found the one place in the oversized room to stand that would crowd her. She didn't complain.

"I hope you don't mind breakfast for dinner. I'm making French toast and bacon."

I heard her, I just didn't really process her words, still watching her and throbbing in time to her every movement.

"I can't believe you have actual butter in your house. You even had a stick at room temperature. And powdered sugar. Do you bake?"

The fact that she'd made the last bit a question was the only thing that had my mind catching up, and my mouth answering. "I don't, no. The lady that does my grocery shopping and cleans the house likes to use my kitchen for baking when she's here."

"Wow, do you ever do something crazy, and like eat a cookie?"

I laughed, but she was reaching up into the cupboards to grab something, and my T-shirt rode up high on her thighs, then her ass, and the laugh cut off short.

"Yes, sometimes I'll eat a cookie." I said it with a straight face, barely.

"Well, that's something. I won't press my luck and ask you how you feel about butter."

I didn't answer or react. Not for a long time. I just watched as she cooked, and when she had laid out five pieces of egg coated bread in a skillet on the range top, and was rinsing her hands while they sizzled and cooked, I moved in behind her, pressing the front of my body hard against the back of hers.

I had to fight not to take her right there, right then, but something she'd said had stuck with me, and I was feeling adventurous. It freed something up inside of me to be with someone like her, someone that I knew wouldn't tell me no.

I lifted her, wet hands and all, the second she turned off the water. I turned her around and perched her on the counter.

I grabbed the butter, cinnamon, and powdered sugar, lining them up near her hip, and wrenched her T-shirt over her head without a word.

She didn't protest, instead leaning back on her hands to watch me. She was utterly comfortable being nude, and I found that to be the biggest turn-on. Nothing seemed to disgust her or make her recoil. It was liberating to be with a woman like that. It was certainly nothing I'd experienced before.

I dipped two fingers into the butter, and smeared it onto one nipple, and then the other, then did it again, greasing her lavishly.

"So I take it you do like butter," she said breathlessly, with just the sweetest smirk.

I smiled and spread a generous amount of cinnamon over the butter, rubbing it in, twisting and pinching her br**sts in the process. Each hard peak was quivering before I was finished. Next came the powdered sugar. It got everywhere, but so had the cinnamon. I was positive that neither of us cared about the mess.

Not one bit.

I pushed her thighs wide apart, and took the butter to her pu**y, rubbing it over her lips, her little bush, her clit, even pushing inside. She squirmed as I covered her sex in the cinnamon, but swore it didn't sting. It only tickled, and by the moisture pooling there, I could tell it was doing more. I patted an ample amount of powdered sugar on top, for good measure.

I was hungry.

I stood back and enjoyed my handiwork, drooling at the sight of her na**d body coated and spread for my pleasure.

It wasn't long before I broke and set to work on licking her clean.

I kneaded her br**sts as I sucked at each nipple, lapping, nuzzling, licking. She arched her back and I could feel each restless shift of her h*ps as I sucked, and sucked, drawing hard at each ripe tip.

I pulled back to admire her body again. Each perky breast was pink from the attention, clean of cinnamon now. My eyes moved down to her cunt, which still needed my ministrations.

I moved away, pushing my shorts off impatiently.

She groaned out a protest, shifting restlessly, spreading her thighs even wider. She knew what was coming. I'd already spoiled her with how much I loved to eat her out. But she could wait a few more minutes and indulge me.

I dipped my fingers back in the butter, spreading a small amount onto the tip of my cock. I went sparing on the cinnamon and sugar, as well. For me more than her. I couldn't have her sucking for too long, or I'd ruin all of my other plans.

I leaned back against the edge of the counter, gripping the base of my c**k hard.

I didn't have to say a word. She hopped down, got on her knees, licked my tip once, twice, then started sucking hard.

I pulled her back by the hair when I was getting too close, lifted her back up into position, then moving to bend down low, I buried my face between her thighs. The position wasn't exactly comfortable, but I barely felt it.

I was thorough, seeking out every last bit of sweetness, making her come twice, two fingers shoved deep and moving hard as my mouth worked, before I was done.

She was clutching the back of my head, still crying out, when I pulled back.

I had to pry her fingers away to stand.

I buried a hand in her hair and started kissing her, sucking at her mouth as my erection jabbed hard at her entrance.

I broke loose of her lips just long enough to watch my hand guiding my c**k home. I thrust roughly to the hilt and started f**king hard. She was so soft, always, but even softer now after so much attention from my busy mouth.

I gripped her hair, sucked her tongue, and palmed her breast as I jerked in and out, enjoying the feel so much that I held off on coming for as long as I could stand.

It wasn't that long, but she didn't complain.

"God, I can't believe I'm bare inside of you," I gasped out, still twitching deep in her. "Feels so good, but I can't believe I'm doing it."

She clenched around me hard, and milked another jerk of come out of me. "Me either," she gasped back.

The French toast was burnt. No surprise there. She made new.

I was famished, and I ate two full plates of it. I swore up and down and meant it when I said it was the best meal of my life.

"Who could have guessed what an innocent statement about butter would do?"

I'd apparently recovered enough to turn that into a challenge. I had her giggling and spread out on the table, molested dish of butter in tow, before I quite knew what I planned.

I climbed up and straddled her hips.

I spread a generous amount of the creamy butter between her tits, and started playing with them with both hands, handling them gently at first, and then rougher as her ni**les peaked into hard crests. I still couldn't quite believe they were real, though they clearly were, but she was so tiny everywhere else, and her tits overflowed my big hands.

She started moaning and gasping out encouragement. She was, after all, the one that had given me the idea.

I pushed the two ripe globes together, testing them, kneading firmly to be sure they could handle what I was planning. She didn't flinch, didn't wince, no, she keened and panted out her pleasure, and I took that to mean I could do what I wanted to her glorious chest.

I swept a hand down, gathering extra moisture from her wet pu**y. The butter was oily and more than enough, but I craved her wet heat. I rubbed it onto my cock, pumping at it until a few beads of pre-come dribbled out. I moved up her body, grabbing handfuls of her ample br**sts and pushing them together so they hugged my cock.

Gripping hard, I started to thrust, and thrust, f**king between her fleshy br**sts in earnest, her delicate hands covering mine in encouragement.

I titty f**ked her.

This was something I'd only ever seen done in p**n . My ex-wife, even if she'd been willing, didn't have enough going on up top to f**k like this.

Iris had plenty up top, more than enough, and it was so soft and warm it was like I was f**king a cloud in my own wet dream.

Her slender fingers cupped over my hands, one eventually slipping between us to cup at my scrotum, scratching lightly as I used her lush br**sts hard.

I lost my mind when I came, fisting my c**k and spurting se**n all over her chest, up onto her chin, crawling up until my c**k was jutting into her cheekbone, and I'd marked a good portion of her pretty face.

I apologized profusely for it, swore I had no idea why I'd done that, even while I moved back down her body and ground my still twitching c**k against her abused chest, and finished thoroughly against that soft flesh, but she laughed it off, even while she couldn't open her eyes until I'd gotten her a clean wet dish towel.

It was one of those things I couldn't believe I'd done after the fact, and the doing of it had felt like a blur of absolute, mindless pleasure.

I washed her in the shower, couldn't stop stroking and kissing her, and telling her how sweet she was, and of course apologizing several more times for coming all over her face.

I'd never been like this before.

Insatiable, smitten, and even sated beyond belief I still found myself hardening enough to rub against her back.

It was all for show. I was spent, but I still enjoyed the feel of her, the novelty of touching another human just for the contact.

She moved against me, and it was like we were doing an obscene dance in the shower. I went with it, pushing her hands up on the tile. This lasted for a while before my perverted mind took it a step further.

I spread her cheeks and pushed my c**k into her ass, not with any real pressure. I was just feeling bold and wanted to gauge her reaction.

She arched her back and let me do it. My mind went fuzzy, because I could tell just from that brief contact that she was going to let me f**k her there. It wouldn't happen today, but that wasn't the point. The point was that this beautiful woman would let me take her every way I could think of, and I relished that.

Loved it. Needed it.

She made me feel so desirable, when I'd felt so unwanted for so long.

But back to my c**k in her ass. I rubbed it there, soaped it up and pushed it in while she braced herself, and spread her legs wide. I bit her shoulder and worked in just my tip with excruciating care.

Her entire body shuddered, and I bit harder, then pulled out and away.

I soaped my hand again, cleaning us both, stroking myself, curious if it was even possible for me to ejaculate again. But I stopped quickly.

I needed to have a little more faith that there was more to come tomorrow, and at this rate, I was going to work myself into a coma.

She turned her head and shot me a questioning look. "You don't have to stop," she said softly.

I bent and kissed her shoulder. "You are the sweetest girl, but I can't possibly go another round today."

She just nodded and turned back to the wall, letting her head fall forward as the water ran over her. I got her off with my fingers, smiling into her neck as she gasped and shook in my arms.

It was glorious. She was glorious.

We got into bed na**d and still slightly damp. I was wrapping myself around her when she said softly, "It's time for me to go. I have to work a cigarette girl gig tonight."

I squeezed her. "Don't. Stay with me."

She just shook her head. "I can't. Not tonight. I can come back when I'm done, if you want me to, but it will be very late."

"That's fine. Come back whenever you can."

She just nodded and went into my closet.

I followed, even so tired and spent that I felt weak, because I didn't want her to slip away again while I was sleeping. That was a pattern I was very keen to break.

Her duffle bag was in there, and she began digging through it.

"Oh, I forgot to tell you. While you were sleeping, the locksmith came by and changed your locks. He said you'd given him prior instruction, and that he could bill you later, so I didn't bother to wake you up. He left your new keys on the butler's pantry."

"Did he leave spares?"

"Yes."

I threw on some shorts. "I need your cell number," I told her as I strode out of the closet, on a hunt for keys.

"I don't have one," she called back.

That stopped me short. "You don't have a cell number?" I asked dumbly.

"I don't have a cell."

I was flabbergasted. Even I, the most reclusive person I knew, had a cell. She was in her twenties and obviously highly social. It made no sense at all. In fact, there were a lot of things about her that weren't adding up.

"I don't like them," she said, going back to digging through her bag. "I don't like the idea that they act as a tracking device."

"What about a pre-paid one? I don't think you even have to use your real name for those."

"Doesn't matter. I don't like them."

I walked away, stewing about that. Was she in some kind of trouble with the law? Why was she so paranoid about being tracked? Who the hell didn't have a cell phone?

I found the new keys, but left mine where they were, carrying the second set up to her.

She took them without protest and an assurance that she'd be back later.

I tried again to talk her into taking one of my cars, but she wouldn't hear of it. She was just as vehemently against me giving her a ride.

It didn't help when I got a load of what she was wearing out. She'd disappeared into my bathroom for maybe fifteen minutes, blasting that drunk in the kitchen song on my bathroom radio, but came out looking like a million bucks, wearing more makeup than I'd ever seen on her, her hair smoothed out and loose down her back.

But it was her outfit that really got me. Tiny black shorts and a tight, white halter neck top. And her shoes, God, I hadn't realized I was a shoe guy until I saw her sexy legs in strappy white Gladiator style heels that went up to her knees. They were killer, and I couldn't stand that she was going out alone like this, whatever the reason.

I tried again to talk her into taking a car.

I was agitated when she just walked out my front door, clearly on foot.

I took my most nondescript car, a black Prius, less than five minutes later.

The neighborhood guard knew what I was looking for before I asked.

"I just called her a cab, sir. She's waiting on the other side of the gate," he said quietly, pointing in that direction.

I was pulling past the gate just in time to catch her getting into a taxi.

At least she wasn't on foot, or God forbid, hitchhiking. That had been my fear, the reason I'd followed her, to allay my fears.

But even so, as though all impulse control had left me, I found myself following the cab as it pulled away. I wanted to see what she was doing, where she was going. She'd said something about being a cigarette girl, which, truth be told, I didn't like at all. I wanted to see what all that entailed, though I didn't intend for her to see me. The last thing I wanted to do was scare her off.

It was the first time I'd ever tailed anybody, and I stayed far back as I followed the car across town, to the strip. I almost lost them twice, as I tried to stay inconspicuous, but with a little luck, and a few red lights ran, I managed to catch sight of her exiting the vehicle at the entrance to one of the smaller casinos on the strip.

I dropped my car off at the valet, and entered the building in time to see her moving into the dense line of slot machines, and then to the tables. I hung back when she sat down at a blackjack table, and calmly handed in some cash for chips.

I took up residence at a slot machine that blocked her from view, and vice versa, except when I craned my head slightly to see her, which I did about once a minute, to be sure she didn't move.

And she didn't. Not for hours. Two, at least, that I was sure of, because I sat there and watched her for that long.

Men came and sat beside her, one after another, young and old, but they always left after a few rounds. She didn't seem to be turning on the charm for them. In fact, I never saw her head so much as turn in their direction, which did very good things for my very tight chest.

And all the while, her stack of chips grew. By a lot.

I didn't hang around long after two hours. I lost my nerve. I didn't want to be caught following her.

I couldn't imagine she'd be coming back around if she realized I'd invaded her privacy like this.

I was home for an hour and thirty-six minutes, wide awake in my dark bedroom, when she opened the door and slipped inside.

I had a dozen questions for her, things I was dying to know about what she'd been doing, and what she'd told me she was doing, but I managed to hold my tongue.

So she had a gambling problem, and decent luck at the tables, at least on this night.

I thought to myself that I could afford a vice like that. At least she hadn't been out walking the streets, or humping a stripper pole, as I'd had myself half convinced she would.

She went into my closet quietly, only turning on the light of it after she'd shut the door. She was being thoughtful not to wake me. She was only in there for a minute before she turned off the light again and opened the door back up.

I was lying on my side, stripped down to my boxers, and she slipped into bed on the empty side, at my back.

The minute her completely na**d body made contact with my bare back, I gasped loudly, tensing.

"Shh," she uttered quietly, her soft hand sliding along my side to my abs, and then down to my rigid cock. Then it was her turn to gasp, her soft touch switching to a hard grip.

I turned and started kissing her.

I pushed her onto her back, my hands running over her hungrily, like I hadn't had her in days. Weeks.

I f**ked her, quick and rough, and drifted straight to sleep right on top of her, still buried to the hilt.

I never did work up the nerve to ask her even one of my dozen questions.

CHAPTER NINE

Waking up, the bright morning sun streaming over us, with her still wrapped in my arms, was an experience I'd not soon forget.

And, as though my body had profoundly forgotten that I wasn't twenty, I found my spent c**k stiffening between one contented breath and the next.

Sometime in the night, I'd rolled off her, or she'd pushed me off so I wasn't crushing her, and now I was on my back, her silky head with one soft cheek down on my chest, one thin arm curled over my side, her heavy br**sts crushed, warm and delicious, against my ribs.

If I had an ounce self-control, I would have lain there and savored the moment, but I was chock out of it, had used up my lifetime's worth before I met this gorgeous creature.

So I had her on her back in a flash, sucking at her still soft ni**les, my hard-on jerking into the satin of her inner thigh, ready to take her, sleeping or not.

When she still wasn't waking, but I was more than ready, I moved down her body and started eating her out like a man starved.

That was when she woke, but not how I expected. She started, and then gently pushed my head away. I loomed over her, using one elbow to balance, the other moving to her pu**y, my eyes curious on her face.

I had my hand buried two fingers deep in her when she pushed that away, too.

Her expression was still soft with sleep, but just a touch troubled. "Could you just...hold me?" she asked in the most vulnerable tone I'd ever heard from her.

I was putty, brought completely low with a few quiet words. I felt like a bastard, only thinking of one thing since the moment she'd approached me. What kind of a jerk didn't know just to hold a girl, instead of going for a quick f**k, when she was sleeping so softly, so trustingly, against him?

Me, apparently.

"Of course," I told her stiffly, when what I wanted to portray was my utter repentance. I didn't only want to use her for that, though she couldn't have seen it that way.

I lay rigidly on my back, and pulled her over me, just how we'd been when she'd been sleeping so peacefully.

One awkward arm went over her. Is this what she meant by holding? I was suddenly out of my depth.

I was not quite sure how to be casually affectionate. I was not a demonstrative man.

I considered how I'd gotten that way, how it had gotten to the point where a very beautiful woman just wanted me to hold her, to touch me, and have me touch her, not necessarily sexually, but often, and how I had no clue what to do with that. My first and last instinct (unless we were talking about sex) was to keep my hands to myself.

I thought of my childhood, and how I could count on one hand the times I'd been hugged. My parents had been scholarly and wise and perhaps even good, but never anything approaching affectionate.

And of course, I thought of my ex-wife, and what she would have done if I'd just wanted to have her sit in my lap, or say, put my arm around her. The only picture that came up in my mind was one of her being annoyed. What was wrong with me that I'd stayed with a woman like that for so long? Why had that been so normal for me?

For whatever reason, I'd just never had the option, the simple pleasure of keeping company with someone that enjoyed being touched, and doing the touching.

Iris snuggled into my chest, one of her velvet hands tracing gentle patterns on my collarbone, touching just to touch.

I found that I quite enjoyed it, but also, had a hard time adjusting to it or reciprocating. I patted her back, unsure what to do, what she wanted, or even what I wanted. My mind was still half on the sex that we weren't currently having, but the other half wanted to explore this other thing, this new intimacy, if I could only get past my own awkward self and figure out how.

I put on sweats and a T-shirt, she put on boxers and a tight tank top without a bra, and we took our strange touching session into the kitchen, where she made us lunch.

Somehow, we'd managed to sleep in until almost noon. I couldn't remember a time I'd done that, even during one of my sleep deprived deadline trances.

She made us subs while I perched a hip against the counter and watched, not helping, too lost in my own musings, and just generally dazed at her presence.

She kept me off kilter like that, moving to kiss me on the shoulder or nuzzling sweetly into my chest.

"I love this spot...right here," she murmured into my sternum, nestling her lovely face there, her lush doting lips placing five quick kisses that moved up to my collarbone, as though it were the most natural thing in the world.

Put a fork in me, I'm done, I thought, my mind feeling a bit mushy.

I hugged her to me stiffly, wanting to do more, wishing I knew how to respond in a way that made her feel how she was making me feel, which was wonderful.

She didn't seem to mind my inept response to her smooth affections. Thankfully, she was unfailingly patient with me, as though she knew why I hesitated.

We ate together, and then she talked me into an afternoon of watching television.

It worked out well (though it was the last thing I'd wanted to do) because it let me work past some of my touching restraints, when I felt she was adequately distracted.

She was laughing at some god-awful reality show when she casually asked me to rub her neck.

Affection with a purpose I could do, I found. It was a good way to break me in. I put my efforts into rubbing her neck and shoulders until she was a limp puddle on my aching lap.

Finally she pulled my hands away with a laugh, tugging them over her shoulders so she could slowly kiss each of my knuckles. "You don't do anything half-assed, do you?" she asked fondly.

That I did not. She'd hit that one square on the head.

I nuzzled my face into her hair and kissed my way to her temple. I was getting the hang of it, though, this affection dance. It was already starting to feel more natural.

"I've got to tell you, I'm kind of hoping this isn't really the only kind of show you like," I told her, hours into our marathon of horrible reality television.

She turned and smiled at me. "Of course it isn't, but I don't want to turn on anything too fascinating. I have to confess, I'm a bit of an attention whore, where you're concerned, and I want your focus all on me."

My eyes tried to bug out of my head. "I don't know what show on the planet you think could distract me from you. I can't even wrap my mind around that idea."

She shrugged, wiggling deeper into my lap.

Into my very obvious erection.

"So we're only watching this crap so I'll pay attention to you?" I asked, feeling skeptical. She couldn't really think she needed a ploy like that to get my focus on her...could she? I had her pegged as way more observant than that.

"It can't hurt."

I bit her neck and fondled her. I'd show her focus.

I'd reached my non-sexual touching breaking point.

As though she knew it, without me even having to speak, she switched the music on, some sultry song with a heavy beat, with the female singer belting out some of the most obscene lyrics I'd ever heard.

"Did she just say he Monica Lewinskey'd all over her gown?" I asked, feeling old and a touch slow.

She giggled. "Yes. And he didn't even bring a towel."

That surprised a laugh out of me, but she shifted, arched her back, and it was cut off short.

I kept her firmly on my lap, facing away, and peeled her tight shirt up over her br**sts, her loose boxers down to her feet.

I yanked my sweatpants to my knees, and lifted her by the hips, my c**k seeking her slick entrance. I pushed into her, my hands dragging her down by the h*ps until she let me in.

The music played on while I took her like that, as leisurely as I could manage, stopping occasionally, seated to the hilt, to play with her soft, round br**sts, and suck at her silky soft nape. When I couldn't hold back anymore, my hands went to her h*ps and I started thrusting in earnest again, my eyes closing in pleasure, jaw clenching with every one of her needy moans.

I gave full credit to all of my ejaculations the day before as I made her come again, and again, stopping to fondle her for every one of her delicious orgasms, still hard and throbbing inside of her. My stamina, thank God, seemed to be well in hand again, at least for the moment.

"Oh, God," she moaned, as she came down from another cock-clenching orgasm, her arms thrown up and back around my neck, pushing her lush br**sts into my busy hands. "That was amazing. You're amazing. I've never...where did you, how do you manage to...do it like this?"

I didn't have any kind of an answer for that, except to feel a glowing pleasure. I clasped her h*ps and bounced her some more on my abused cock, gritting my teeth to keep from coming. Above all else, I wanted to give her pleasure. The more the better.

I was a writer, but I'd never been any good at romantic phrases, not on paper or in life. To make up for that, I wanted to make her feel with my body, the way she made me feel with her sweet, flattering words.

Somewhere along the way, her boxers had been kicked off, and she was spread wide, knees on the couch on either side of me. I was slouched, h*ps on the edge of the sofa for a better angle.

I ran my hands along her outer thighs. It was more than a little impressive how she kept the pose, spread that wide on top of me.

I grabbed her h*ps again and pumped into her hard, once, twice, absorbing her cries of ecstasy with profound satisfaction.

I rubbed at her ass, sliding my hands over her legs until I could massage her inner thighs. "Am I stretching you too much like this? You're damn near doing splits."

Her only response was to moan and shift on top of me, gyrating her hips, making my entire body clench in pleasure as her tight sheath worked me. I'd have sworn I was deep enough I must be touching her cervix. I jammed up hard, and hit a wall so solid that she convulsed on top of me. Yeah, that was it. I did it again, and again, but stopped when her cries began to sound alarmed.

"Am I hurting you?" I asked, my hands shaking. I wouldn't be able to hold myself off for much longer.

"It's too much," she sobbed, but she was shifting against me. "I feel too full."

I started thrusting again, f**king her in absolute desperate earnest, but not going so deep, not grinding against that delicious part of her until the very end, when she fell apart again, and I let myself finally, mercifully come, jarring as deep as I could with a rough groan.

CHAPTER TEN

We turned off the cursed TV that was still blasting music videos and went to clean ourselves up. In new sweats and wet hair, she tugged me silently to my library, where she grabbed one of my books, which she'd dog-eared about a fourth of the way in. She curled up on my worn-in brown leather sofa and started reading.

It was the first novel I'd ever written, and I wasn't sure I wanted her to read it, but she seemed to have already started in on it, so it was a bit late to stop her.

She glanced up, saw my face, and smiled. "It's really good. I was drawn in right away. I'm a hundred pages in and I already feel like I'm submerged in this world you've created."

I started wringing my hands, a nervous habit of mine that usually only presented itself before TV interviews. "Thanks. That world has been a part of my life for many years now. Though I wrote that one so long ago, I'm not really sure I can recommend it as my best work."

"This was one of your first, right?"

"The very first."

She looked impressed, her pretty mouth moving into a little O. "That's amazing. What a talent you have. I love the tone of the book, too. It's so gritty and dark. Twisted, really. Just perfect."

I smiled wryly. "That's sort of the genre. To be honest, I'd like to try something completely different, branch out a bit."

She sat up, looking genuinely interested in what I was saying, which was not a reaction I was accustomed to from someone outside of the business. "Oh yeah? Like what?"

"I'd love to do a character piece. Something emotional and raw, and that never mentions a word about forensics or blood spatter."

"You should do it."

"I could. I'm only contracted for one book a year with my publisher, at the moment, but I'd hate to sign on for more, and be stuck in deadline mode even more frequently."

"Fuck 'em. Just write what you want and go indie."

I'd heard about this, was fascinated by it actually. "What have you heard about publishing independently?"

"It's a thing. It's catching on, and I think you should try it. Quit signing your life away to those blood-sucking publishers."

That was sort of my take on it, too. "And what about you? Do you have anything you'd like to be doing different, career wise, or maybe educationally speaking?"

She grinned like I'd just said something very funny, and I realized I'd been wearing my pseudo-dad lecturing tone. It was ghastly, and I instantly apologized.

She brushed it off, not offended in the least.

"I could never figure out just what I wanted to do. I still can't. I wish I could be like you, with something I was so good at that I couldn't stop doing it."

"So you dropped out of school because you weren't sure which career path to follow?"

She smiled and tilted her head to the side. "What are you fishing for here?"

"You're a very smart girl. I'm just trying to figure out why you didn't take the college route."

She shrugged. "That's really the least interesting thing about me. I'm just done with school. Couldn't pay me to go back. At the moment I want to learn from living."

I found myself absently picking out a book, sitting next to her, sprawling out with my arm thrown over the back of the couch, behind her shoulders.

We both held books, but we didn't read.

The rest of the day disappeared in a little puff of smoke, without a regret, as we started talking, about the little things, and the big, about the personal, and the political. She had a mind and a motor, this one, and I found that it was just as attractive as the rest of her.

Talking to her had the most bizarre, familiar feel to it, as though we'd done it a thousand times. It was all new, every second with her, but it felt so right that it instantly found a place in my life, as though it was not something new at all, but rather a lost thing I'd found, like rereading an old book that I'd completely forgotten was my absolute favorite.

Her eyes would widen and light up engagingly when she told a story. I found myself utterly charmed by them. By her. My fond gaze would dart from her eyes to her mouth and to her cute little nose when it scrunched up with her expressions.

Her mouth may have drawn my eyes the most. Her lips were generous and lush, but as she spoke, they moved around her words, flexible, thinning and thickening, ebbing and flowing. It was fascinating how it shaped around the things she said, adding as much expression to her words as her gesturing hands.

Her stubborn chin and jaw were another fascination, firming and flexing to illustrate a point.

She'd do well on screen, I found myself thinking. As a newscaster or even an actress. It was just so enjoyable to watch her. I didn't think I'd be the only one to think so.

And it didn't escape my notice that even when she spoke in detail about herself, about who she was, she gave me absolutely no details as to her actual life, past or present. She'd speak of her nature, of her likes, dislikes, preferences, and weaknesses, but nothing about where she was from, nothing about her parents, her family, her schooling, her occupation. I tried to fish for more information about what she did for a living, but she only fed me that glib cigarette girl line.

She didn't strike me as someone from her generation. She was mature, to say the least, and well spoken, even well read. She used words like nonsensical and dichotomy, as she told a simple anecdote. That struck me as odd. To my mind, she seemed to know too much to be so young.

More amazing than her ability to draw me in and engage me with her own talk was her ability to make me spill my guts to her.

I found myself telling her every awful thing that had ever happened to me. Just the worst stuff that I hadn't shared in years, because I normally hated to talk about it. Drudging it up never made me feel better, and I didn't figure anyone wanted to hear about it, anyway.

I told her about the guy that had bullied me to the point of terrorizing in high school. I'd been years younger than everyone else in my class, and it had made me the easiest mark.

"He was on a scholarship. He'd never have been in a school like that otherwise. It was a very expensive private school back east, and I found out later that his home life was pretty terrible," I told her. Part of me would always feel guilty for being born too smart and too privileged, and so I had to make excuses for my tormenter before I even began.

"An academic scholarship?" she asked, the hand that wasn't holding my book in her lap tracing soft patterns on my forearm.

I loved her relentless affectionate gestures, but I sat stone still, not touching her back. I wanted to, but it felt too forced, so I just sat and talked.

"Yes. He was very smart. Smart, devious, and violent are a bad combination."

She bit her lip, her affectionate hand moving to clasp my cold one. "What did he do to you?"

"Just little things, at first. He called it hazing, because I was the youngest in the school, by a lot. He'd pull down my pants in front of the class or dunk my head in the toilet. Things like that. I didn't say anything. I guess because I thought it was like a normal initiation, and I already felt like I didn't belong. I didn't want to be a baby about it. In fact, that was the absolute last thing I wanted to do, so I put up with it all without a word for quite some time."

"How long?" she asked, looking completely absorbed in the story, her eyes eating up every part of my face, much like mine must have done to hers when she was speaking.

"My full first year. Like I said, it was mostly harmless, at first. He kneed me in the balls a few times, which was awful, but that was the worst of it, that year."

She left my book resting between her legs and moved her other hand, rubbing mine with both of hers.

My gaze was glued to that book as I continued. "When we came back from summer break for the fall semester the next year, I could tell right away that things were going to be much worse. I found out later that his mother had died, and his dad had been using him as a punching bag pretty regularly. I guess you could say that I became the target for his externalized pain."

She grimaced, shifting closer. My eyes were still glued to my book between her legs, shifting against her boxer-covered crotch. I was familiar enough with what those boxers covered that I could picture how every part of her was making contact with that lucky paperback. She didn't even seem to notice it was there, still wholly focused on my face.

"The pranks became outright beatings. I started wearing a cup to school regularly, because that was the worst of it, when he'd knee or punch me in the groin. I was tall for my age, and though I was slender, I wasn't scrawny, but like I said, I was years behind. It was just impossible for me to defend myself, but no one else was going to do it."

I took a deep breath, shocked that the story still troubled me, even after all these years. "My parents noticed a few odd bruises, the occasional shiner, but I played it off, saying I'd gotten them playing tennis or in gym class. I never once ratted him out, no matter what he did. I asked him once why he hated me. His response baffled me, but it didn't tell me anything."

"What was his response?" she asked, voice quiet, eyes soft on my face.

"He just came back with, 'Does it matter?' That was it. That's all he'd say, but if I had to guess, I'd say he hated me because he hated himself. He saw what life had handed him, and what it had handed me, where I was going, and I became the literal punching bag for his rage at the unfairness of life.

"His hostility bothered me, it messed with my self-esteem for sure, but it's always been easy to bury myself in my studies, and so I did. I avoided conflict as much as I could, and looked forward to the end of the year, because he was graduating. It was an awful year. To this day, it was the worst time of my life, and that's including my divorce last year, which was hellish.

"He'd been laying off me during the last month of school, and so I figured he'd gotten bored tormenting me, or hell, was too excited about getting out of high school to care anymore. It was all unfortunate, because I let my guard down. I just wasn't expecting him to come at me the way he did. I'd have been more careful, I guess. See, that's my low self-esteem talking. Even after all the things he did to me, I feel guilty about what happened."

Her eyes were wide, as though she could read me well enough to know the worst part was coming.

"Well, to get to the point, he cornered me alone after gym one day, beat me nearly unconscious, and then used my T-shirt to try to hang me by my neck from a locker door. No one else was around, and he left me like that. I had to stand on my tiptoes to keep from blacking out, but even then I couldn't get much air in my lungs. To this day I don't know if it was an accident to rig me up that good, if he was trying to kill me, or if it was some miscalculation on his part, but the only thing that saved me was the basketball coach just happening by."

"That's awful," Iris said, still rubbing my hand, sympathy in her eyes. I'd always assumed I was the type to hate pity, but coming from her it felt somehow gratifying. Soothing, even.

I found that odd, to say the least.

"Yes. Everyone thought so, especially the coach and the school's principal. And my parents. And the judge. He was a few weeks shy of eighteen and was charged as an adult for attempted murder. Ten years, no parole. If he thought his life was bad before, well, I suspect life showed him much worse after that. I hated him, but to this day, I still feel sorry for him. What did I do to drive him to that?"

She made a tutting noise, but that was all.

"I felt very helpless back then, and it was about that time I started working out a lot, like I do now." I couldn't think of one time, in my entire adulthood that I'd ever admitted aloud the true reason I felt the need to workout the way I did. Until Iris. "I just wanted to be strong enough to defend myself."

"Well, you're certainly that. I've said it before, but you don't do anything half-assed, do you?"

That brought out a smile and lightened the mood.

Working me, affecting me, soothing me, managing me, whatever you wanted to call it, she seemed to have a natural talent for it.

As we talked, she openly admitted to being pragmatic about nearly everything. I should have been more troubled by this, because she presented herself as a wild thing, and chaos and pragmatism weren't an easy alliance.

Not without motive.

I knew I should have been more worried about her motives.

No, I wasn't an idiot, and the logical answer to Iris wanting me was pretty obvious.

The thing was, I just didn't care. That, and I had the most naive, optimistic, completely ludicrous hope that she would come to feel something for me, even if she had only approached me because she'd been able to spot me as some kind of a loaded mark.

And frankly, bringing some joy into my life seemed worth a little money on my part. Because, hell, I had money, and I could use some joy. It would sure as hell beat trading half my life's earnings for twenty years of misery, and the past year of humiliation I'd already experienced.

That night, as we got ready for bed, she called out to me from the master bathroom. The door was slightly ajar, but I'd been giving her privacy.

"Alasdair," she called again.

I shuddered and felt myself getting hard. I loved it when she said my name.

I'd just been standing there, staring at the door, but that got me moving.

She was sitting at the vanity, watching me in the mirror, still in her thin white tank top with no bra, and as I moved closer I couldn't fail to notice that she'd stripped down to just panties. Tiny, transparent panties.

I was just about to grab her, for obvious reasons, when a few soft words out of her mouth stopped me.

"Will you brush my hair?" she asked.

It caught me off guard, but I agreed readily enough, taking the brush off the counter and setting to work, very tentative at first.

I watched her face, hating the thought of drawing so much as a wince from her, but her expression was peaceful. Her eyes closed and her head fell back as I became more confident, raking the bristles firmly against her scalp, my other hand rubbing at her neck.

It was nice. It felt more than a little unnatural, but nice.

None of this was natural for me. Simple physical affection was a new development for me. And the fact that I enjoyed it was a revelation.

It made me feel good. It made me feel contented, happy even. These were new things for me.

Feeling good had never been a high priority for me, screwed up as that was.

Perhaps I needed to change some of my priorities. Perhaps it was time to start enjoying my life, instead of just working through it.

And slowly, sweetly, Iris was teaching me something about that.

I decided then and there that I wanted to let her.

Her eyes opened, and she looked at me. My mood changed between one blink and the next.

I wanted her again. Needed her. It was madness.

It felt as though my body had been switched into some kind of perverted survival mode, where it wanted to f**k itself unconscious.

It was a bit like blacking out, when I got like this, as though something else took overtook me.

Her gaze stayed glued to mine as I slid the straps of her threadbare tank off her shoulders.

Her clear as water eyes were changeable in the most fascinating way. They were like the sea, parts green and blue, shifting darker and lighter with the changing hours of the sun. Now, with the sun gone and the bright bathroom light flooding them, they were at their most mysterious, as though the day showed her truer than the night.

I slipped the thin white material down to her ni**les, rubbing it back and forth over each hard peak, teasing her into a gasp. She bit her lip, and I moved closer, pushing my erection into her shoulder as I fondled her roughly.

Her hands covered mine as she squirmed in the chair.

She was just so gloriously responsive to my touch. A few touches and she was ready, trembling for me. I couldn't seem to get over just how much I craved that addictive response.

I moved around her, straddling her in the chair. I jerked my c**k out, gripping her hair as I pushed the tip against her lips. They opened for me, her tongue sliding along my length as I worked my way to the back of her throat. I wanted her pu**y, not her mouth, when I came, but I never got over the sight of her deep throating me.

Years without receiving oral would give anyone some sort of fixation, I thought.

I dragged myself out of her mouth just shy of coming, pulling her up and moving behind her, facing the mirror. It took her like that, watching my hands fondling her as I took her slowly, standing up and braced against the bathroom sink.

Her knees got too weak to hold her up, and I took her to bed, pushing her face down and pulling her h*ps up as my pace quickened and I rutted in her, earnestly now.

She started gripping me harder with her release, and it sent me over. I didn't know what I wanted; I wanted everything, because I pulled out still twitching to come on her ass cheeks, moving up to thrust my twitching c**k into that little groove at the bottom of her spine.

I made a huge mess, and neither of us cared. I fell asleep still on her back, but I was pretty sure she passed out first.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

We developed a pattern, if you could call it that, over the next few weeks. Sometimes she'd stay over and sometimes not. But we spent a lot of time together. Enough time that I barely got any work done.

I tried to work, several times. I went into my office, put on my thick black editing glasses, and even opened up the writing program on my computer. If she wasn't around, I'd just sit there, in a daze, my mind full of her, where she was right then, the things we'd done, the things I wanted to do when I saw her again, where she lived, why she lied, why I let her and never said a word.

If she were around, she'd inevitably end up knocking on my office door. I'd tell her to come in. (Because who wouldn't?) She'd pop her gorgeous blonde head in and smile. She'd tell me how handsome I looked in my glasses, or ask me if I wanted her to make lunch.

Once she just came and straddled me where I sat, smiling into my face and told me how my eyes made her melt.

That got to me. I'd never heard anything like it in my life. "My eyes?" I asked her, blinking slowly, pulling my glasses off to set them on my desk.

She nodded, using her fingertips to rub against the scruff on my jaw in a way that had it going slack. "Yes. Sometimes they're so brown, and sometimes I think they're more hazel, but they're always, always, so warm. They're by far your most dangerous weapon, Dair. When I first met you, I'd have sworn it was your body, but no, I changed my mind. It's your eyes."

I just kept staring at her. I had no words. I knew I should be saying something sweet back to her, and I felt it, and wanted to say the right thing, but I just had no inkling what it was.

Something was happening inside of me, something directly related to the way this girl was making me feel, something in the way she was helping me to change, but I had no appropriate words for it yet.

Not even one.

I had lots of the wrong ones, though, so I said those. "You're silly," I told her, and immediately wanted to take it back.

Luckily, she didn't take offense, in fact, laughed instead.

"Yes, I am. And that I definitely blame on your body."

She was so much better than I was at finding appropriate words. Those ones made my day. I tried hard to return the favor and make hers.

With my tongue.

The sex with Iris was amazing. Out of this world. It never slowed down, not for one day of those short weeks.

But nearly every night she went out by herself.

And often, more and more, actually, I followed her. It was always to a different place, but for the exact same thing. I was one hundred percent sure she had a gambling problem, but at the moment it seemed to be making her money.

I wasn't sure what to do about it.

Sometimes I had myself convinced that this thing between us was real, that we had some profound connection that actually reached across age boundaries. That I was smitten enough, and she was mature enough, to make this work into something permanent.

I couldn't analyze that thought process for long, though. It didn't hold up against my logical brain's theory that every sad, lonely old man who had found themselves in this position had told themselves the exact same thing. There was a reason we did this: Because it felt infinitely better than the truth.

And the fact that she still slipped away, lying to me about her whereabouts, nearly every night, was hardly comforting.

As long as I ignored all the little lies, which I told myself firmly they were, things between us were going very smoothly.

Until every insecurity I had about her seemed to come to a head one morning a few weeks later.

It all started with one simple word, and the fact that I had such a hard time saying it to her.

That word was no, and I had never successfully used it on her before.

She'd stayed the night again, an incredible night, where she hadn't even gone out by herself, but instead stayed in and had dinner with me, followed by lots of something even better.

My mind was stuck firmly on that something better as I showered, Iris still tucked away in my bed, sleeping peacefully. I'd have loved to be there with her, in fact I'd overslept I'd been enjoying my own peaceful sleep so much.

The problem was, I had company coming, company that I didn't want her to meet. And vice versa. It was just...awkward.

I'd been booked to do a magazine interview months prior, one that featured photographs of me taken around my house. The interview would happen about a week after the photos were taken, which was scheduled for this unfortunate day.

I'd recommended the photographer they were using myself, as she was a local contact and somewhat of a friend.

Well, it was more complicated than that.

The photographer happened to be a very beautiful forty-one year old woman that I'd been planning to ask out just as soon as I got over my general bad attitude towards getting back in the dating pool. We'd worked together a few months ago, on my headshot, and we'd sort of hit it off.

We'd bonded over the fact that we'd both just escaped from bad marriages.

This photographer, Lourdes, and I had done a bit of flirting, and it had been my impression that she might not be averse to dating me.

I had no intention of asking Lourdes out now, not after everything that had happened, but I still couldn't stand to see her reaction to finding a girl like Iris ensconced in my house.

She'd think I was a creep and rightfully so. I was determined to avoid that. But how, well, that was beyond me. It wasn't like I could kick Iris out, or even ask her to leave for a few hours. What would I say? What excuse could I make?

I finished showering and got dressed, in a foul mood.

I put on a deep navy suit with a dark gray dress shirt and a navy bow tie. I always felt a little smothered in suits, but I rarely had to wear them, so I couldn't complain. This one had been picked for me, every piece of it, and sent to me by the magazine doing the interview piece, so I couldn't even grumble about that.

She was stirring on the bed as I approached it.

"I, um, have a thing today," I said awkwardly, completely lost on what to tell her. I had no idea how to navigate this. Above all else, I didn't want her to think I was kicking her out of my house, even though I basically needed to and fast.

She blinked sleepy eyes at me, sitting up, the sheet wrapped around her na**d body. She took in my attire with a close, narrow eyed perusal. "Okay. I'll grab my things and get out of your hair," she finally said.

In terms of things she could say, that seemed at the top of the list of ones that worked in my favor.

Still, I felt like shit, and apparently I wasn't in any mood to work in my own favor.

She hadn't even asked for an explanation. But for some reason, I felt like I needed to give her one.

"I'm dressed like this because there's a photographer coming over to take pictures for a magazine interview I'm doing next week."

Her brows shot up, and she smiled. "That's amazing." She dropped the sheet, got out of bed, and moved into the closet, completely nude and comfortable with it.

I kept my distance. I didn't even own the suit I was wearing, and I could see us getting it very dirty in a hurry. If I were smart, I'd have taken her quickly before I showered, at least tried to get her out of my system for the time she'd be gone.

I made my way into the doorway of the closet after one long minute of debating what to do.

She was still naked, and digging through her big yellow purse, and then the small suitcase she'd taken to bringing with her overnight.

No matter how I nagged, she still kept everything packed. She wouldn't even hang up her nicer clothes. It was infuriating, but one thing I'd learned fast about Iris: she never gave in unless she wanted to.

I didn't see what she pulled out of her bags, too focused on her bare skin, as she moved around on the floor.

It would be so easy to take her like that. Just a button and a zipper away. If I was very careful, I could keep my borrowed suit pristine, I told myself.

I adjusted myself, moving my errant erection carefully away from the front zipper of my slacks, intending to carefully set it loose from its suddenly tight confines. I squeezed my tip hard in an effort to get myself under control.

Iris straightened suddenly and caught sight of my dilemma. She grinned wickedly. "Should I be hurrying? What time will the photographer be over? Do you even have time for any of that?" She waved a hand at my crotch.

I shook my head, saying, "Maybe."

She laughed. "What does that mean?"

I'd gotten myself dressed before I'd woken her for just this reason. I really didn't have time. I'd used all of it up sleeping in too late. "She'll be here in half an hour."

She was studying my face with probing eyes, her expression closing off.

"And I need to be gone by then?" she asked very slowly.

I nodded, jaw clenched, hating the way she was looking at me.

"Well then, we really don't have time. I'll just need a minute." She moved into the bathroom.

I counted to one hundred, watching the slightly ajar door.

She turned some music on, something on the old little iPod she carried around, I thought, since I recognized the song. It was one of the songs she played on repeat all the time, the one about the drunk chick waking up in the kitchen. She must have hooked it up to the small speaker in there, because it was blasting.

She was going to leave without another question, just like I needed her to, but it didn't feel right.

CHAPTER TWELVE

I went into the bathroom and instantly regretted/loved it when I found her putting on makeup standing up, wearing nothing but a neon orange thong and those damned white gladiator sandals of hers, her body moving slightly to the beat, even while applying her mascara.

I pulled up a chair, watching her. I knew she'd get ready and go quickly. She never took long to go from looking naturally beautiful to utterly polished. She'd be out of here in ten minutes, tops.

I couldn't stand it.

I sat and sulked, hands on my knees, stewing until I was close to boiling over.

"Why are you wearing those shoes at eleven in the morning?" I said loudly to be heard over the music. "And why so much makeup? Where are you planning to go?"

She took that little mascara brush thingie away from her lashes and met my gaze squarely in the mirror.

I looked away.

"I'd answer you, but unless I'm mistaken, you want me out of here before your photographer shows up. You don't want her to see me, right?"

I swallowed, feeling thoroughly ashamed of myself. She'd grasped the situation right away and too clearly.

I felt like a scumbag.

It wasn't that I was ashamed of her. Not her. Someone her age, though, yes, I was ashamed of that.

"It's not you-" I began.

"It's not you, it's me? Is that what you were going to say? Are you asking me to leave here for good?"

I felt the moment when I broke out in a hard sweat.

My hands gripped hard into my knees. "No, please, don't do that. I'm not saying that at all. I was going to say that it's not you I don't want her to see."

"What is it then? Why do I get the feeling that you want me out of here bad, like I'm on some kind of a timer to get out of your house?"

I shook my head, over and over, trying to fish for a lie.

I'd always been a terrible liar.

"It's not you...it's your age." I knew right away that I shouldn't have said it. The whole thing had gotten away from me, and I knew after that statement there was no going back.

"You don't want her to see my age?" she asked tonelessly, applying gloss to her lips. "Want to tell me exactly what that means?"

"I'm too old for you. You're way too young for me. The photographer is a friend, and she's going to think I'm a complete creep if she gets a load of you."

She twisted her lip-gloss shut slowly, then set it down very abruptly, turning to look at me. I tried hard to keep my eyes on her face, but she was topless, and I only half succeeded.

She leaned a hip on the counter, hands on her hips, utterly unconcerned with her lack of clothing. "What about me makes you look like a creep?"

I shook my head, determined that I wouldn't give her more of an answer than that.

I was only digging a deeper hole with every word. Even my socially awkward self could see it.

She walked to me, but slowly, one of her favorite songs playing loud in the background, her h*ps swaying to the beat.

I kept my hands determinedly on my knees as she moved between my legs, one of her hands reaching up to grip my hair. "Tell me, Dair, what is it about me that makes you look like a creep?" she said it quietly, tipping my head back while she leaned forward, her heavy tits dangerously close to brushing my jaw.

"Because there's only one reason people our ages get together."

"And what reason is that?" Her voice was so quiet I nearly didn't catch her words.

I shut my eyes. "To use each other."

"That's the only reason, huh? I suppose I can guess how you would use me. My body is the only thing you could possibly be interested in, I presume? Is that how it is?"

I winced and shook my head. "That's not how it is. What I meant is that's how it will look."

I felt her moving against me and couldn't keep myself from opening my eyes and glancing at her.

I moved my hands from my knees to the sides of my chair as she swung one long leg over my knee, straddling it loosely.

She started to dance, gyrating against me, na**d br**sts shoved into my face until I panted.

She swung her leg until she was standing back between mine. She twisted to face away from me. Her head went down, her ass up and shaking.

The song played on, the singer's words making me blink and wondering if I'd heard correctly, but I didn't ask about it, and the singer went on to sing about getting called Peaches when she got this nasty.

As though that damned song wasn't enough to make me feel like an old fart, I was pretty sure Iris was twerking at me.

It was as though the very mention of our age differences made her want to throw it in my face.

She was young. I was old.

She was wild.

I was tame.

What on earth were we doing here? How the hell would we ever fit into each other's lives?

The answer was simple and bleak. We didn't and we wouldn't.

"You worry way too much about how things will look," she said, turning back around to move her br**sts against my face. I gripped my chair and tried hard not to start licking anything.

We did not have time for any of this. I needed to tell her to stop. I needed to do the impossible and tell her no.

"We're running late," I said stiffly, not quite holding back a half nuzzle into her cle**age.

It was abysmal, but the best I could manage in terms of turning her away.

She straddled me, still standing, her hands sliding up her body to push her br**sts up and together and into my face.

I was doing good right until one of her pert little ni**les rubbed against my lips.

I groaned, shifting restlessly, hands keeping their death grip on the sides of my chair.

She pulled slightly away, and I groaned again.

One of her legs went up and over my shoulder, her knee perching there, calf draped behind. Her hand in my hair guided me forward until my face was buried in her lower belly, then slightly lower.

She started moving, some obscene dance that had my face inching lower, then away, then lower, until I was biting at her thong to keep her from moving away from my face.

In my defense, I did keep my hands to myself.

My tongue, now, that was another story.

I started licking, my tongue lashing out against her skin every time she brought it close, lower every time, until I was thrusting it against her cl*t with her movements.

Her breath grew ragged, but she pulled away nearly as soon as it did.

She went to lean against the counter again, not bothering to fix her panties, which I'd tugged down past her pu**y with my teeth.

My hands were on my fly, carefully trying to free my pulsating cock, when she spoke.

"Your doorbell just rang. Twice."

I cursed fluently.

I stood, dragging a hand through my hair. "I'll go get it while you get dressed."

She shrugged, drawing my eyes back to her chest. "Sure."

"Listen, I'll introduce you to the photographer on your way out."

She shrugged again, but something in her eyes was getting to me. "It doesn't matter."

"I was being a jerk. I'm sorry. You don't need to leave. You should stay."

"No, that's okay. I need to go. I have plans." She shot me a smile that was all teeth.

I didn't like it.

"What are your plans?"

"Why, I'm planning on doing what twenty year olds do, Dair. I'm going to go be impulsive. Hell, tonight I'll even go to a rave."

I didn't know what part of her statement to take more exception to. Wait, yes I did. "Twenty-four, you mean," I said, jaw clenched so hard my teeth ached.

She rolled her eyes, fully adopting this new harder persona of hers.

I didn't like it. Not one bit.

"Oh yeah, I'm twenty-four, right? Same diff, to a forty year old, I'm sure."

"No, no, not at all. Twenty is not at all the same as twenty-four, even to an old guy like me. And what the f**k do you mean, you're going to a rave? Was that a serious statement or some kind of joke?"

"Don't worry about it. It's a too young thing. You wouldn't understand."

"Do they still have raves? Do they still call them raves?" I was getting more agitated by the second. I really couldn't tell if she was just messing with me, and I couldn't stand the thought of her going to some sort of a drug party.

"They do. And does it matter what they call them? I was just trying to use a reference that someone your age might understand."

"So you want me to know that you're going to some kind of a party where you'll...like suck on a pacifier and do ecstasy?"

"No pacifier. This one will be more about neon body paint and some Skrillex."

"And drugs," I added, fists clench. I really couldn't let her leave like this, and I had no idea how to stop her.

She shrugged. "I don't know. Aren't drugs a part of being too young?"

"Don't do this. Don't act like this. You know I'll worry if you leave now."

The doorbell rang again, and we still just stared at each other.

She turned off her music, then looked at me, arms folded across her chest. "Go get that," she mouthed at me.

I went to answer it, feeling too agitated to deal even with the lovely, pleasant Lourdes.

I opened the door and tried to smile.

Lourdes smiled back, but it faltered as she studied me. She was a sleek, beautiful woman, with big dark eyes, and masses of wavy black hair. "Is this a bad time?"

I shook my head, then stood back and waved her in. "Can I get you a drink?" I asked, glancing at the stairs, wondering what Iris was going to do, how she was going to act, if she was going to leave. I found that I didn't care now what else she did, as long as she didn't leave. Lourdes could draw her own conclusions and think whatever she wanted about me.

I couldn't let Iris leave like this.

"No, thank you," said Lourdes. "Let me go play around in your backyard. I'd like to see how the light is going to work out there at this time of day. Actually, you should come with me."

I followed her out, leaving the back door open and trying to keep the bottom of the stairs in sight so Iris couldn't slip away without me knowing.

That didn't last long.

Lourdes called my name, I turned to look, and a few minutes passed while she set up.

"Excuse me," I said when I couldn't stand another minute, striding back to the house.

I heard the front door shutting as I stepped inside, and I broke into a sprint.

I caught her in the courtyard, both of her bags in tow.

She shot me one look and I started shaking my head.

"Don't," I told her, having to clench my fists to keep from grabbing the bags out of her hands, to keep from forcing her bodily back into the house. I had no right to stop her. "Why are you taking all your things?"

She shook her head, not quite looking at me. "It's not a big deal. Listen, I'll give you a call later."

I took a step closer, and she moved farther down the drive.

I followed. "You don't have a phone."

"I'll find one to borrow."

"You don't know my number."

"So tell it to me."

I rambled it off, followed by, "You need to write it down."

"No, I don't."

"Forget the call. Just come back inside."

"Stop," she said faintly, still moving away, still taking all of her things with her.

"Will you just come back tonight? Please?"

We were nearly to the end of the drive, then we were past it. She didn't stop, rolling her suitcase into the road, still wearing those ridiculous heels.

"When I tell you I need space right now, you're going to want to listen to me," she said, her tone brooking no argument. "I'll give you a call later."

She turned her back on me and began to walk more briskly, clearly in a hurry to get away.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

It took me all of five seconds to decide that I needed to follow her.

Lourdes was in the entryway, looking concerned, when I strode back inside. "I think we should do this later," she said, before I could so much as make up an excuse. "I can tell this is a bad time."

"It is, sorry. Something...unexpected came up."

She waved that off. "No worries. We'll reschedule when you have time."

I agreed and didn't even see her out.

I had no time to waste.

I turned out of the neighborhood, driving my black Prius, just as she got into a cab.

I followed. I was getting better at it, though it was odd to try it in the full light of day. I kept wanting to duck, but I could see the back of her blonde head, and it never turned around, staying downturned the entire drive.

The taxi led me to one of the worst neighborhoods in town. It was close to UNLV. I could recall reading something, years ago, where they'd made the housing around the university cheaper, but hadn't limited eligibility for it to students, the end result being students living two doors down from drug dealers, frat houses next to illegal cathouses, and other fun scenarios.

It made for an interesting off campus life for the students, but I supposed it was all par for the course at the school of broken dreams.

I idled at the curb a few houses away and watched her get out of the taxi. This was really the worst-case scenario. When I was fretting about where she lived (which I had plenty) this was just what I worried about.

She entered the downstairs unit of a tiny duplex parked between what had to be a large frat house, and just from the general condition of it and the people loitering in the yard, what I would have bet money was a crack house.

I felt helpless. I couldn't stand the thought of her being in a place this unsafe, though she clearly lived here.

I couldn't even call her, and as much as I wanted to follow her to her front door, she'd been very clear about needing her space.

I also couldn't shake the look she'd given me before she left.

My mind had been stuck on that look, obsessed with deciphering it, for the entire drive over. It hadn't been anger, or even strictly hurt, though there had been some of that mixed in.

It took me a while, but I did place it.

She'd been disappointed.

In me. As though she'd expected better from me than how I'd acted.

I didn't like myself very much just then.

Finally, I made myself leave, but it was far from easy, and the last thing I wanted to do.

It was a hellish day of waiting and worrying. I tried to work, but it was no good. I tried to watch TV, and even found myself watching some bad reality shows that seemed right up her alley, but I didn't stay distracted for long.

I went grocery shopping, then came home and made an elaborate dinner for myself. I made enough for Iris, still holding out hope that she'd just show up.

She didn't.

I went to bed at eight and then tossed and turned for hours. I must have fallen into a fitful sleep, because my phone woke me up when it started ringing at around three a.m.

"Hello," I mumbled, mind still waking.

"Dair," Iris spoke into my ear, her tone so different, so wrong, that my whole body tightened up with that one word.

"Iris, where are you?" I asked.

I was on my back, phone to my ear. I could see my chest expanding with a deep breath at the bottom of my vision as I waited for her to answer.

"I'm at a...party. I don't feel well, Dair, and I need a ride."

I sat up. "I'll be there right away. Do you have a street number, or some directions to where you are?"

I moved to my closet and pulled on a pair of sweatpants one-handed while she named off an address. "Okay, honey, I'm on my way."

"Wait!" she said, still sounding wrong. "Stay on the phone with me. Talk to me. I need to stay awake."

I was already in my car, typing the address into my GPS system. "What's going on? You don't sound like yourself."

"I had a drink, and it's not agreeing with me."

"What kind of a drink?"

"A cocktail. I don't know what was in it. It was orange. And I think somebody slipped something into it."

I felt my rare temper starting to boil up. "Can you go out front and wait for me? Will that be safer for you or worse?"

I couldn't hear much on her end but loud background noise for a while, and I was more than a little concerned that she'd passed out, but finally, mercifully, she responded, "I'm out front. Are you close? I'm really out of it, Dair. I can't think straight. It scares me."

I cursed and sped up. "I am five minutes away. Just hold on. I've got you. I'll take care of you, honey."

The location was a large warehouse on the darkened street across the freeway from the strip. The place was packed, neon paint covered partygoers loitering outside and walking in the street to the point that I had to honk at several stoned kids just to park on the curb out front.

Even with all of the young painted punks around, though, I had no trouble finding her. She would always stand out.

She was wearing some tiny white shorts and a white string bikini top, or at least, I thought they'd started out white. She was covered head to toe in all sorts of neon, some of powder, some of paint. Even her hair, pulled up into a high ponytail, was more pink than blonde, at the moment.

She was standing, swaying on her feet, as though she was afraid to sit down.

I rushed up to her, pulling her against me, but even then, she barely seemed to see me, truly out of it.

"Let's go home, honey," I told her, taking her large bag off her shoulder, putting it on mine, guiding her to my car with an arm around her waist.

My voice, or my movements, seemed to take her out of her daze a bit. She pushed her body into the front of mine, her arms going around my neck, br**sts rubbing into my chest. Even at that contact, I wasn't turned on. I was too worried to get hard. I didn't like the state I'd found her in.

"You came for me. Thank you."

I just grunted and started herding her to the car again. She went easily enough.

I'd driven my dark gray TT, because it was fast and easy to maneuver.

The car was barely used, and she was getting neon body paint all over the passenger seat. I didn't give it a second thought, couldn't have cared less. The only thing I cared about just then was getting her home safely.

She didn't pass out right away, shifting restlessly as I started to drive, reclining her seat.

In a gesture of pure affectionate comfort, one that she had taught me, I put my hand on her knee and squeezed.

She took it completely the wrong way, parting her legs, and pushing my hand up into the pant of her tiny shorts, rubbing my knuckles against her pu**y.

Surprised, I jerked my hand away, sending her a shocked look.

She gave me a doped up looking smile, reaching up to untie her bikini. She was topless in a flash, fondling herself with one hand, and pulling my fingers back to her pu**y with the other.

I pulled away again gently, looking back at the road.

She was nearly naked, her luscious body covered in some intriguing paint, and I wasn't even tempted. She was just too out of it. God only knew what had been slipped into her drink.

"You're not yourself," I told her. "We need to get you home, get some food and water in you, and let you sleep this off."

She made a noise, a sort of sigh, and I glanced at her.

She smiled at me. "See, that's why I need you. You're the only one looking out for me. You'd be sad if something happened to me, wouldn't you, baby?"

Her eyes were drifting closed. I didn't think she expected an answer, but I gave her one, anyway. "Yes, you sweet girl, I'd be very, very sad."

She didn't say another word.

By the time I made it home, she had passed out cold.

I carried her inside and up to my bed, and she didn't so much as twitch. I was worried, really worried. I thought about calling an ambulance, because I couldn't rouse her, and she seemed to me to be barely breathing, but I honestly didn't know if that was an overreaction.

Finally, I decided to call a neighbor, two estates down, that I knew to be a doctor.

I would owe him huge after this, because he came right over, not five minutes after I'd called, physician's bag in hand.

John was a small man in his sixties, with glasses and a kind face. I'd always liked him, though we didn't see each other much.

I led him up to my bedroom, telling him in detail about her condition.

"You think she was drugged?"

"It sounds like it. She said she had a drink, and she was really out of it when I picked her up."

I'd pulled a sheet up to her neck, and my fists clenched when one of the first things he did upon sitting down on the bed was to pull it down far enough to listen to her heart rate with his stethoscope.

"What is she covered in?" he asked, sounding more curious than judgmental.

I flushed. "Some sort of body paint. At the party she was at, everyone was wearing it."

He examined her briefly and asked me a few more questions.

"Should I call an ambulance? Does she need to go to a hospital?"

His brows drew together as he stood. "At this time, I'd say no. Whatever she was given seems to be mild. She likely didn't consume an entire dose. Unless she gets worse, I'd say the remedy here is to let her rest. Call me if anything changes."

I walked him to the door. Before he made to leave, he gave me a probing look. "Is she your...girlfriend?"

"Sort of," I said with a wince. I knew everything he must be thinking.

"Well...you look out for yourself, Alasdair. You're a good person, a trusting person, but not everyone has good intentions."

I smiled tightly. He thought I was an idiot and a sucker. I couldn't blame him. "Thanks for your help, John."

"Any time. Call me if anything changes. She will likely sleep for quite some time and wake up feeling awful, but anything besides that, you call me."

"I will. I owe you one."

He smiled. "You do. Hurry up on that next book for me. I've been looking forward to it for months."

I tried to make my smile more convincing. "I'll get my hands on an advanced copy for you, I swear."

"Now we're talking. That'll make us even, right there."

We exchanged a few more pleasantries, and then he left.

I went upstairs to check on Iris. She slept on. I stripped what little clothes she had on, trying to make her comfortable. I got a wet cloth from the bathroom, and cleaned most of the paint and powder off, then tucked her in again.

The sun was starting to come up when I finally fell back to sleep.

I woke up after eight hours with a splitting headache, Iris still unconscious beside me.

I checked her breathing and her heart rate, and she didn't stir.

She slept on, for five more hours.

I was a mess by the time she finally woke.

I was angry and anxious, worried and agitated.

She was still blinking, struggling to sit up, when I started in on her.

"What were you doing? What were you thinking?"

She still looked more than a little out of it, which wasn't helping my temper.

"You aren't ever allowed to pull any shit like that again. Why would you go to a place like that? Why would you put yourself in that position?"

I glanced at her, and the dazed look was leaving her, being replaced by an expression I didn't like any better.

No, in fact, I liked it less.

"We need some rules here, some structure. What happened last night-that was unacceptable. You aren't allowed to do things like that, to put yourself in danger like that."

She sat up, pushed the covers off, and swung her legs off the side of the bed and onto the floor, her eyes on me the entire time, her gaze turned...insolent. "I'm not allowed, huh?"

She was completely nude, parts of her still covered in bits of bright paint, her hair still mostly pink, loose and disheveled now. Aside from her voluptuous curves, she looked ridiculously young like that, and it wasn't helping. In fact, it was the whole f**king problem.

"No, no you're not," I said, my voice hard.

"Big talk from a guy that told me yesterday that we were just using each other. Remember that?"

I took an involuntary step back at her tone. "I told you-"

"I know what you told me, and I know what you think. You think that people our ages can only use each other. Which tells me a lot about what all of this has been...for you."

I shook my head, but I didn't know what to say. What could I say? In a way I had been using her, not just for her body, but for the way she made me feel.

There was more to it than that. Sure, but I'd taken everything she'd offered, everything I wanted, with my eyes wide open, fully prepared to give back anything she might want from me.

The big question was, what did she want? She'd never even come close to showing her hand, and so I'd let logic draw the conclusion for me.

"Let's just drop it," I said evenly, trying to calm her, trying to calm myself. "You need a solid meal and-"

"Quit telling me what I need and forget about telling me what I'm allowed." As she spoke, she was striding into my bathroom, slamming the door behind her.

I went down to the kitchen and started making her breakfast. She needed to eat, and I needed to take a moment to get a handle on my temper.

I thought I'd done a decent job by the time she joined me in the kitchen, wearing a tiny white slip of a dress that must have been stashed in her purse. She had no underwear on with it that I could tell. Her hair was still wet, her face clean and lovely and free of any makeup.

She was so beautiful. Just stunning. The sight of her made me immediately want to soothe things over, and not just so we could f**k again.

I turned off the burner, dishing out the food as I spoke, "This all has gotten blown way out of proportion-"

"Do you still think I'm too young for you?" she interrupted. "Do you still think you're too old to do anything but use me?"

I turned to face her, folding my arms across my chest.

I shouldn't have answered, but I did. "You are definitely too young for me."

"And just what do you imagine my too young self wants from you, Dair? I want you to spell it out for me. What do you think this is?"

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

I really didn't want to answer that question, but her derisive tone was getting to me, and my temper still boiled, just under the surface.

I waved my arm around, indicating the house. "Since I'm not an idiot, I'll go ahead and pick the most obvious answer here. I'm pretty sure you wouldn't have followed me home if I was broke. You saw a rich guy at the gym who wanted you, and you decided to rock his world."

"So I just, what, decided you looked wealthy and went after you for no other reason than that?"

"I can only assume. What else could it have been?"

"And how did I know you were rich?"

"You tell me. Don't fortune hunters have ways of knowing?"

She threw me a look like she was throwing a punch, those stunning sea eyes glinting at me.

It felt like a blow to the stomach, all the air leaving me.

"Oh, you think I'm a fortune hunter, do you? So you think I'm trading my body for your money? That's what you think? I must be pretty great at it, since I've gotten all of nothing from you, and you've used my body every way you or I could conceive of."

"Well, you have gotten to stay in this nice big house," I pointed out, instantly regretting it by the way it made her hand tremble as it pointed at me.

"You've never even bought me flowers, Dair, and somehow you think I've been f**king you for a payout? You know what? Fuck you. I'm leaving, and I won't be back to this nice big house of yours."

I couldn't take it.

She was one foot out the door when I grabbed her, literally picked her up, and carried her back to the stairs.

She didn't fight me so much as go limp, not holding on, not pushing away.

It was worse than struggling.

I lost it.

I set her down on the third step and fell on her, wrenching her legs open, forcing my mouth on hers as I pressed my full body against her.

"I'm sorry," I told her with a groan. I was. I wished I could take every harsh word back, though I was still furious, it was mostly directed at myself, for saying those things, and for feeling all of this for a woman I couldn't begin to read or predict, let alone control. "I didn't mean it. I was worried about you. I lost my temper."

She didn't respond, but her lips seemed to give against mine, going from lifeless to soft and trembling.

"Forgive me?" I asked.

She gave me no reaction at all.

"Forgive me!" I demanded.

She didn't speak, but her arms went around my neck, giving her assent to my increasingly urgent touch.

"I need you," I said fervently. "I don't know why, but I need you, do you understand?"

She moaned into my mouth, stretching her legs wider apart.

Her tiny white excuse for a dress was no deterrent at all. It was already up around her hips. She wasn't wearing panties. I had myself out and against her in a flash, hard and shoving into her entrance.

She wasn't as wet as I was used to, but she wasn't exactly dry either, and I kept pushing, watching my progress, my jaw clenched so hard it hurt.

Each inch that disappeared inside of her was excruciating in its slowness and so captivating that it was permanently burning itself into my brain even as it happened, infinitely better than the stuff of fantasies.

I was halfway buried when I looked up at her face. Her eyes were shut tight, as though in a grimace. She was biting her lip hard.

That didn't stop me.

She was no longer clutching my shoulders, instead bracing herself back on the stairs with her elbows, her succulent br**sts arched up, braless and straining against the neckline of her dress. Her ni**les were hard and trembled with her every breath.

My hands went from her h*ps the small buttons on her dress. They ran from her neckline and stopped right at her waist. I ripped them open down to her pelvis, nearly splitting the dress in half.

I bent down, contorting my body to invade her while I sucked one aching tip into my mouth, ramming hard, every inch of me dragging hard against her, even rushed.

I pulled out with a growl and thrust back in savagely. Then again. And again.

Every movement eased slightly more than the last. Even at my roughest, her body was accepting me, though how the rest of her felt about it, I couldn't have said. She was impossible for me to read with her eyes clenched shut, even if her body was wide open.

I rutted in her for long minutes, jarring her against the steps, making loud animal noises, growls and grunts that were somehow less impactful than the soft gasps that would escape from her throat occasionally.

My orgasm caught me by surprise. I hadn't been ready for it, and I could tell that she was not even close to coming with me.

I bit her nipple as I emptied deep inside of her, jerking and thrusting against her even past my own end. I was a beast today, all of the things that had brought out that part of me too complicated and numerous for me to contemplate just then.

I brought my mouth up to hers, sucking her abused lip away from her teeth to force a deep kiss. Her mouth was soft and trembling, but otherwise unresponsive.

I pulled back, hoping she would open her eyes. She did not.

"Wrap your legs around my waist, and hold onto my shoulders," I ordered, my voice gruff.

I couldn't stand her like this and couldn't tear myself away.

She obeyed, her head falling against me, eyes still shut.

I carried her up to my bed, not letting her shift even an inch away, my cock, at rest, still inside of her.

I lay on top of her, mouth against her ear, nestling into every part of her while keeping my body tense, holding my own weight and still managing to crush her.

"Did I hurt you?" I finally asked, the question tearing itself out of me, because I did not want the answer.

Her only response was one loud, trembling gasp.

I started touching her, and though her body was responsive, it was not enough, not what I was used to from her.

She wasn't herself, or not the her that I had known.

She had withdrawn from me.

I pulled out, moving down her body, determined to get what I needed from her, which was not my own pleasure. Not anymore. I needed hers.

I buried my face between her legs, hands stroking her thighs, pushing them wide. They were slick with moisture, hers, mine, and I shuddered in pleasure at the knowledge.

I lifted her h*ps up, dragging a pillow underneath so they tilted up and forward. I dragged every rivulet of my seed back up into her sex. I wanted her to take every bit of it inside and keep it there. I didn't let myself examine just what that meant, but on even the most primitive level, I could see that I was marking her as mine.

I bent to her clit, sucking at it while my busy fingers shoved deep inside of her. I worked on her, doing all of the things I knew she enjoyed, and though there was some reaction, I couldn't get her far enough gone to lose herself.

Desperate now, and hard again from my efforts, I dragged another pillow underneath her, gripped her h*ps in my hands, and rammed my c**k forcefully into her. I drove into her repeatedly, strong, measured thrusts, as she silently gasped, my finger relentless on her clit.

I pushed down on her hips, arching her back, so that every pull in or out was grinding against the rawest part of her. I would not, could not stop until I'd gotten what I needed from her.

Finally, mercifully, she came, sobbing with her forced release. Shoving home roughly, I emptied myself deep in her womb, thinking that she would be very sore after this. I hadn't been gentle.

Desperation and tenderness did not go hand in hand.

I made her kiss me, invading her mouth softly, content to be gentle now that I'd gotten at least that bit of relief from her. For her.

She opened for me, every part of her available and soft for me. Except her heart, I thought. That she had closed to me, if it had ever been open.

Eventually I worked up the nerve to pull back and look at her. Her eyes were wide and clear on me, which was a marked improvement.

"Are you still mad at me?" I asked her, my voice hoarse and raw even to my own ears.

She shook her head, her tongue running over her top lip.

I growled and kissed her again, sucking her tongue into my mouth until I drew a stubborn groan from her.

I lifted off to look back into her face again. Her eyes were still open and cloudless, though enigmatic as ever.

"Do you forgive me?" I asked, wondering what all I needed forgiving for. I couldn't have said if those last two rough times taking her had added to my crimes.

"I forgive you, Dair," she said solemnly, not so much as blinking.

I let that wash over me, as it was everything I needed to hear.

Of course, she was a liar, and that one was a very small lie, so it must have been effortless for her.

I let myself fall asleep, still on her, and in her, exhausted from the restless night, and everything that came after.

I should not have been so shocked to wake up and find her gone. Not just her. All trace of her. Even her toothbrush was absent.

I knew, just knew right away that it was more than her usual vanishing. She would not be reappearing somewhere, as though nothing had changed.

I was so certain, in fact, that I went immediately to her slum apartment, seeking out any trace of her, intent on making her face me before she walked out of my life.

I was horrified to find that all trace of her had been erased even from that awful room she was renting, which was easy to deduce, as I found the place unlocked, keys on the kitchen counter, as though she'd left them there for her landlord, whom I promptly tracked down.

He was a grumpy white man in his sixties, missing a leg and sporting a bad attitude. He was forthcoming, but unhelpful, as all he could tell me was that she'd moved out mere hours before, with no notice and no forwarding address.

I was at a loss, and I wasn't handling it well.

I found myself pounding on the front of the neighboring frat house until some hungover kid answered, shirtless and looking confused.

He gave me one brief glance before saying, "Hey, dude, we don't want to buy anything." He tried to shut the door.

I moved my foot inside to stop it. "Wait," I said loudly.

He just raised a brow and opened the door wide again. "Whassup?"

"I'm looking for a girl. She was living in the crappy duplex next door. Her name was Iris."

His expression perked up at that. "That smokin hot blonde?" He whistled. "She is highly bangable, dude."

I closed my eyes and counted to ten. "Yes, that one. Have you seen her?"

He shrugged. "Saw her coming home yesterday, looking f**khot, but she was in too much of a hurry to talk. You should have seen what she was wearing, though, bro. Fuuuck."

I turned around and left, because if I didn't, I was almost positive I was going to deck some stupid frat boy.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

I didn't give up there.

I kept searching, not sleeping, barely eating, too consumed with finding her again.

I did this for days, to no avail.

Inside of every man lived an ass**le, and that ass**le had a strong dose of 'I don't give a damn.' I honestly believed that. I'd written several male characters based on those simple principles. I'd thought it was fairly irrefutable.

Even when I'd caught my wife of twenty years with another man in my own home, my outrage had been followed pretty damn quickly by, 'Well, f**k her, I'm better off.'

While the ass**le inside of me was obviously alive and healthy, all of his doses of I don't give a damn had clearly worn off.

I didn't care for that.

I wanted my emotional numbness back. Badly.

Instead, in its place, I felt. I missed. I craved. I yearned.

But it didn't matter what I felt, or how I suffered.

She was gone, and she'd left behind nothing to indicate that she ever intended to come back.

As though I'd dreamed her up, Iris had vanished from my life.

