SAMPLE

There was nowhere that I felt more alive than in this room with this man. My heart was pounding, my skin tingling, my senses all heightened. I waited, each second absolute agony, to see what he would do next.

He started working on my pants, unbuttoning the fly and revealing an inch of skin at a time. His fingers were nimble, though he seemed to intentionally delay his progress as he pushed them down over my hips. It took a while, but the slow pace and his total focus made me that much warmer.

How he looked at me. How he touched me. It was almost impossible to remain still. I wasn't breathing normally. Instead of slow, shallow and steady breaths, I was gasping.

When he had my pants off, he stepped back, smiled. "Perfect."

"I'm so glad you like what you see."

"I love what I see."

Love. My heart skipped a beat or two. Maybe even three.

I felt my face heating up, my cheeks turning pink.

"Ah, there's that pretty flush." He caught the center of my bra with his index finger and tugged. "Hmmm. I should have taken this off before I cuffed your wrists, I suppose. Oh well." Moving so close, I felt his body heat radiating over my chest, he focused his gaze on mine. His hands skimmed around my ribcage to my back, found the hooks and, in a snap, had them undone. My breath caught in my throat. "Look. That flush has spread." His dark gaze wandered lower, to my chest. My ni**les pulled into hard, aching points.

I whimpered.

"Sshhh," he whispered, looking wicked and sexy. He pushed the cups of my bra up, exposing my flesh to his eyes, his mouth, his hands. He took full advantage, as I knew he would. He pinched one nipple between his left thumb and index finger until the pain was as sharp as a blade, piercing my insides. Then he laved the other with his warm, smooth tongue.

Pain. Pleasure. They blended inside me, swirling round and round, stoking fires ignited deep inside.

How I loved his world. Dark. Dangerous. Sensual. In this place I could explore the forbidden. Without shame. Without guilt or doubt.

My fingers curled into tight fists. My knees softened. I was melting. Already. Losing myself in ecstasy.

"There are so many things I want to show you, to teach you. This is only the beginning." He scraped his teeth across my nipple, and my spine arched. Oh God, it was delicious agony.

"Yes teach me. I want to please you."

"You do. In every way." He flicked his tongue down the center of my chest, between my br**sts. "The way you breathe pleases me." His hands brushed down my sides, fingers spanning my ribcage. "The way you smell pleases me." His tongue dipped into the shallow hollow of my belly button. "The way you tense beneath my touch pleases me." Lower, he was moving lower, squatting before me. The tissues between my legs started to pulse with heat. "The way you writhe in ecstasy pleases me." His hands curved over my hips, holding them in place. "Open your legs for me."

I widened my stance.

"Wider."

I shuffled my feet farther apart.

"Wider, Bristol. I need you open, wide open."

I moved them even farther apart. My inner thigh muscles burned. My arms-still fastened at the wrists in the cuffs-stretched.

"Yes. Better." His lips caressed my shaven mound. "Delicious."

I quivered. His voice was low and husky. It vibrated through me like an electrical current. My insides clenched as he fastened one ankle then the other.

Bound. Both wrists. Both ankles. I was completely at his mercy now.

What would he do? What delightful pleasures would he introduce to me now?

One of his hands inched around to my wet center. The tip of one finger slipped between my nether lips to tease my clit. I would have crumpled to the ground if I hadn't been shackled. My knees buckled, leaving all my weight to be supported by my cuffed arms. I straightened my legs right away.

"Ah, you're going to have to stay strong, minx." He flicked that wicked finger over my cl*t again, and I locked my knees to avoid falling again. "That's better. Now, let's take it to the next step."

The next step. What might that be? The muscles in my thighs were twitching. My bones felt like mush already. And my insides...they were simmering. I was a mass of writhing desperation. I couldn't be still, despite the chains.

He stood, his big, hard body mere inches from me but beyond my reach. I could smell him. I could see him. I could practically taste him. But I could not touch him. It was so cruel. And thrilling.

He stripped off his shirt. My gaze slithered down his flexing, muscular torso, bumped over his abs and stopped at the waist of his pants.

"Are you ready to see more?"

"Yes, sir."

"You'll have to earn it."

Chapter 1

I need her. More than my next breath. More than life itself. I never wanted to need someone.

How did this happen? How did she break through my defenses?

A few short weeks. She's been the center of my life for that long. Only that long. And yet in that short time she has turned my world on its side. Everything is different now.

Different and better.

Different and worse.

I can't eat. I can't sleep. I can't work. I can't do anything without thinking about her, wondering what she's doing, aching to touch her, to hear her sweet voice. In just a few weeks she has become the center of my universe.

When I lose her--and I know I will because there isn't a single person or thing I've loved that I haven't lost--I will be destroyed.

* * * * *

"Miss Deatrich?"

That was me. Bristol Deatrich.

Unemployed Bristol Deatrich.

Hopefully soon-to-be newly-re-employed Bristol Deatrich.

Thinking positively, I stood and smiled.

The woman standing at the door gave me a once over. Her stern expression didn't change. My positive attitude wilted a smidge. "This way, please," the woman indicated the doorway behind her with the tip of her head.

Leaving my smile in place, I grabbed my tote-slash-briefcase and followed her. Her office was a typical barebones space. White walls, gray industrial carpet. Desk. Chair, File cabinet. Bookshelf. Framed Ansel Adams inspirational posters.

She sat in her chair behind the desk, and I took the one facing her. I tried not to hyperventilate as she flipped through the contents of the folder lying open on her desktop. "Do you have a copy of your resume?" she asked dully.

"I do." I pulled out a fresh copy and set it on the desk. My hand shook a little. I placed it in my lap with the other one so she wouldn't notice.

"Thank you." She plucked up my resume and set it beside the paper she was already reading. After several agonizing moments, she asked, as she finally lifted her gaze, "Could you please summarize your work experience?"

"Sure." I took a deep breath, and, with nerves jangling, I rattled off my work history, starting with my most recent job. The one I'd lost suddenly. With absolutely no advance notice.

As she pretended to listen, she looked completely disinterested in what I was saying. Most of the time her focus was directed down, to the pages on her desktop. She rarely glanced up at me. She didn't respond to a word I said. And her expression was one of absolute boredom. I wondered why I'd been called for an interview.

And then I answered my own question.

She had absolutely no intention of hiring me. She was merely going through the motions to satisfy someone. A certain someone, who had probably pulled a few dozen strings to get me this interview.

It had to be him. Shane Trant. Professional string puller.

At the end of my spiel, the unimpressed woman pasted on a smile so fake it made a certain celebrity's boobs look natural, briskly thanked me for coming in, and motioned toward the door.

There was absolutely no way I was going to be receiving a job offer today. The trip had been pointless. A complete waste of time.

I waited until I was out in my car before I dialed Shane's phone number. Then, as the phone's ring tone sounded in my ear, I started my car and steered it toward the road.

Shane is my boyfriend.

He is my lover.

And he is my master.

We have a complicated relationship, and a unique one. I've known him for a long time, since I was a kid. But recently we took things to a very new and much more intimate level. And it seems, because I've been sharing a bed with him on and off for a little while, that he's decided to poke his nose into my personal business.

I have mixed feelings about that. Extremely mixed.

"Hello, Bristol," he answered on the second ring.

"Hello, Shane. What did you do?" I asked, figuring there was no need to beat around the bush.

I hit my turn signal and eased into the right lane. The freeway entry was ahead. After that horrific interview, all I wanted to do was go home, change into some pajamas and vegetate on my couch. It was a short drive home. I would be safe and cozy in my place, soothing my wounded pride with massive quantities of fattening food within minutes.

"What did I do about what?" he responded.

"The interview didn't go very well. I got the impression I had been called in for an interview only because someone had forced the issue. I wonder who that someone might be?"

"Really? It didn't go well? Why?" He sounded shocked. He sounded a little angry too.

He didn't sound apologetic.

I steered my car around the cloverleaf curve and hit the gas, merging with the traffic barreling down southbound I-275. "The woman who interviewed me barely looked at me. She was too busy reading someone else's resume to care what I had to say."

"Who was that? What was the woman's name?" His voice was clipped, sharp.

"Don't bother. It isn't worth it. You couldn't pay me enough to take a job there." I sucked in a deep breath and let it out in one long, drawn out sigh. "You win. I'll come and work for you."

"It isn't a matter of me winning, Bristol. I care about you. I want to help. "

"I know," I said.

"Is it such a bad thing? I'll pay you well. You'll have health insurance, disability, paid vacation and profit sharing."

"No. I suppose it wouldn't be such a bad thing. I'm just being stubborn."

"I understand you want to maintain your independence. The fact that you are so determined to succeed on your own is one of the things I respect most about you. I don't want to change you or take that away from you."

"I know," I said. I really did not know anything. A part of me was totally uncomfortable with him swooping in and saving the day. If I worked for his company, I didn't know how I would be treated by my coworkers. Would people find out I was sleeping with him? How long would it take for the rumors to begin?

And, of course, since we weren't married, I also couldn't help thinking about what might happen if our complicated and unusual relationship ended. If we broke up but I had to see him every day at work it would be pure hell.

"I promise nobody will know anything about our private lives. I can make sure that you are working for a division that I have very little personal involvement in. That way it will be even less likely that anyone would guess that we are personally involved."

"I suppose if you can do all that, it might be okay," I said.

"It'll be better than okay. Trust me."

Trust him.

He'd asked me to do that more than once. And each time things had turned out okay. Trust was the foundation of our relationship, both romantically as well as sexually.

"I trust you," I told him.

"Good. You'll come in tomorrow for an interview. I'll make the arrangements right now. Then, I'll be over later to pick you up. We can talk about the details over dinner."

"Sounds wonderful." I hit my turn signal, letting the car behind me--the one riding my butt-- know I was getting off at the next exit. "See you later."

"Four o'clock. Bye, minx."

A little shudder swept through me at the dark and sexy tone in his voice. I loved it when he called me that, minx.

"Bye, master."

So much for my plans of lying on the couch and licking my wounds. But that was probably for the best anyway. I wasn't big on wallowing in self-pity. Besides, with the promise I heard in that low husky voice, I would probably forget all my problems the instant I saw him tonight. I dropped my phone into my purse

As my car zoomed around the exit ramp's curve, I checked the clock. I had two hours before Shane came over. That didn't give me a lot of time. Whenever I saw Shane, I liked to look my best. Looking my best took some work, and time.

Ten minutes later, one hour and fifty minutes before Shane was due to pick me up, I hurried inside my condo building. In the lobby, I grabbed my mail. Greeting me was a stack of envelopes, most of them with little windows on them.

Past due notices.

I tossed the sales circulars and other junk mail directly in the trash and headed into my condo. I put the bills on top of the huge stack already collected on the table next to my door, and kicked off my shoes.

No need to open a single envelope if I didn't have the money. Right?

Living like this, one paycheck from homelessness, was no way to live. There had to be a better way, besides marrying a man with tons of money and becoming completely dependent upon him.

Wishing to distract myself from thoughts I wasn't ready to explore, I remoted on the TV.

I was rewarded with a blank blue screen.

My gaze hopped back to the unopened envelopes.

"Oh well," I said on a sigh. My cable had been cut off. No big deal. I'd lived without cable before. I'd lived without a lot of things before. It wouldn't be for long.

I clicked off the TV and changed my clothes. Once I was all prettied up for my date with Shane, I padded into my living room, barefoot.

I'd actually finished getting ready early. That was a first.

I sat and stared at the door. Then I stared at the wall. And then I stared at the bookshelf.

Ugh. This living-without-cable thing was no fun.

I grabbed my laptop and powered it up. I could kill some time by checking in with some friends on Facebook.

No connection.

I checked my modem. The red lights were all glaring at me.

Crap.

I had one of those bundle deals. No cable meant no internet either.

Just for kicks, I scanned for wireless networks, thinking I might borrow a neighbor's internet. Theirs were all secured with passwords.

So much for that.

I grunted with frustration. And determination.

Soon. It would all be back soon.

My cable.

My internet.

My stability.

* * * * *

Shane knocked on my door at exactly four o'clock. Not a second earlier. Not a second later. Shane lived by the clock. He was never late. Never. I liked that about him.

I liked a lot of other things about him too. Like how he made me burn when he touched me. And how his mouth possessed mine when he kissed me.

The second he was in my door, his arm was wrapped around my waist. He hauled me into his arms and slanted his mouth across mine. The kiss was more than a greeting. It was a promise. A promise of a lot of wonderful things to come. When the kiss was over, I was wobbly and dizzy and ready to tell him to forget about dinner.

He gave me no chance, however. "Let's go." His gaze flicked to my empty hands. "Purse?"

"Right here." I pointed at the table next to the door. The one loaded down with unpaid bills.

"We're going to be late." Stepping aside, he waited for me to get my purse and then motioned for me to precede him out the door. I twisted the lock on the doorknob before stepping out. Shane pulled the door shut behind him, and tested it. The knob rattled. The door shook. "You should have a better lock on this door, Bristol. A two year old could break into your place with a hairpin."

"The building's doors are locked too. A bad guy would need to get through those first. Besides, I can't remember the last time there was a break-in in this area. It's very safe."

He shook his head. "No place is completely safe."

Yes, there were times when dating a controlling, alpha male became a little trying on the nerves. "I'll look into adding a deadbolt if it'll make you feel better."

"Thank you. Yes. It would. I'll have a locksmith out ASAP to install it."

Ah, my overbearing boyfriend was at it again, solving my problems for me. My pride stung a little. It should be me paying the locksmith to install the lock on my door. Should be. But at the moment I didn't have the money. And I knew he would harass me endlessly until I had the work done.

I put up a sign of resistance, "You don't have to-"

"I know." He held the building's main door for me. "You aren't upset with me, for stepping in again, are you? I realize I'm being a little selfish. I want to keep you safe for my own purposes."

His own purposes. For some reason those three words made me smile. "You aren't being selfish."

"You say that, but I don't believe you mean it." He pulled me into his arms, and I immediately forgot what we had been talking about. "Forgive me."

"You're forgiven."

He kissed me again. This kiss was exactly like the first. It was a gentle, seductive promise and it made my head spin and my heart thump and my knees weaken. But all too soon it ended and I was clinging to him, trying to catch my breath.

Sounding a little breathless too, he uttered, "If we don't stop this now, we're not going to make it to dinner."

I couldn't help giggling. Normally I wasn't a giggly type of girl. But Shane's kisses sometimes made me that way. "And whose fault would that be?"

"Not mine."

"Oh, really?"

"It's most definitely your fault. For looking so damn beautiful. And sexy. And..." He growled. "Perfect." Moving suddenly, he grabbed my hand and charged down the walkway, heading toward his car. I trotted along beside him, smiling. Maybe he was a bit bossy, but when it came to me he did have a weakness.

And I thoroughly enjoyed knowing that.

Chapter 2

Up to this point it had been such a nice night. The appetizers had been delicious. The service had been excellent. And the company had been, as always, delightful.

Had been.

Past tense.

Things changed dramatically when she showed up and invited herself to join us.

I'm referring to Alexis.

The first time I met Alexis, I'd learned she had some very troubling ideas about her relationship with Shane. Specifically, she believed she would someday be Shane's wife. Shortly after that first face-to-face meeting, I caught Shane and her looking cozy at a restaurant. Of course, I jumped to conclusions. I thought the worst. But Shane later explained they were meeting to discuss a charity event. He was able to convince me that he had no interest in pursuing a romantic relationship with Alexis. But I wasn't stupid enough to think she'd given up trying to convince Shane that she would make a better girlfriend than I did.

The fact that she was gorgeous, like Shane, and rich, like Shane, and had some kind of history with him sure didn't make me feel any better about the situation. Neither did Shane's willingness to allow her to interrupt what had been a perfectly wonderful date tonight.

"Thank you so much for inviting me to join you. I was positively horrified when Robert called to cancel at the last minute," Alexis said while batting false eyelashes at my date.

I wondered if she hadn't planned this whole thing. Maybe there had been no Robert. Maybe she'd learned, somehow, where Shane was taking me and...okay, maybe I was becoming a little paranoid.

"It's okay," Shane said, voice low and soothing, his expression friendly. "He's done the same to me. More than once."

"Well, I've learned my lesson. I won't come inside until he calls and tells me he's in the parking lot."

"Good idea."

I sat there, silent, watching the exchange, noting the familiarity and comfort in their banter, the smiles on their faces. My insides twisted, and suddenly the thought of eating anything made me feel a little sick.

Yes, Shane had told me that she was an old friend, nothing more. I believed him when he told me he wouldn't ever entertain the notion of having a relationship with Alexis. Even if we broke up. She wanted him for only one thing-his bank account. She'd never even tried to deny it.

But still it was clear to me that she was trying her best to make him rethink his stance on her.

What made it more awkward was that they had so much to talk about. I had absolutely nothing to add to the conversation. They spoke about people I didn't know, charity events I had no part in, and business matters I didn't know squat about. By the end of the meal I was feeling like the third wheel.

Shane paid the bill and escorted us both out. Alexis sashayed over to a sleek little black Porsche, parked in front of the building. Shane, being the gentleman, always the gentleman, opened her door for her. She beamed a thank you, said she would talk to him later, and gave me a little side-eyed glance before waving at him one last time.

Finally Shane turned his full attention to me. "That was hell for you."

"Hell is such a strong word," I said.

"Then you enjoyed it?"

"I wouldn't say that either. It was... unpleasant."

"Unpleasant." Stopping next to his car, he moved to block me between the vehicle, which was now behind me, and his bulky frame in front of me. "I'll have to make it up to you then." A wicked gleam shimmered in his eye.

Oh, that meant I was about to be rewarded. Rewarded well.

Leaning in, he caught my hair in his hand and tugged, pulling my head to one side. "Let's go home," he whispered as his teeth grazed the uber-sensitive skin of my neck. "I don't want to make you wait for your justly-earned reward."

I shivered. It was a combination of the goose bumps that were tingling all down the right side of my body and the heat I heard in his voice that made me do that. "Sounds good to me." I wriggled against him. Just as I was about to say something, a pair of blinding headlights illuminated us. Instantly, I reacted, jerking back against the car, thinking we'd been caught groping in public by the police.

A car door swung open, and a shadowy figure came closer. As it moved toward us, it became clearer.

That was no police officer.

"Sorry if I..." Alexis's flinty gaze raked up and down my body. "...interrupted something," she practically sneered. "But I need to speak with Shane for one moment."

He closed his eyes for a second then turned pleading eyes my way. "I'm sorry," he whispered before stepping back.

That had better be one hell of a reward. I had something extra special coming after this.

I yanked open the door, sat and then slammed it shut. The brilliant lights cut off, so I sat there, in the car, in the dark, for what felt like ages. A quick check of my phone made it clear my estimation of time had been off by at least a millennia, but still it was a long time. Shane returned to the vehicle after just over ten minutes. He sat, stuffed the key into the ignition. "I'm sorry. I'm going to have to sit Alexis down and have a long talk with her. It's my fault. I've been avoiding it, which is inexcusable."

"You're a busy man. And you're trying to keep the peace, since the two of you work on so many projects together."

"Yes." His gaze locked on mine. "That's exactly right." He flipped his hand palm up and rested it on my knee. I wove my fingers through his. "I don't know what I've done to deserve a woman like you."

My cheeks burned at the compliment. "I'm nobody special."

"Yes, you are. You are special. Very special." The passion and conviction in his voice made my insides light up. In that magical moment, I felt like the most appreciated, cherished woman on the planet.

"I think you're special too," I told him. Something else, three words, popped onto my tongue. I wanted to say them. I wasn't sure if I had the courage. I wasn't sure what he would say if I did summon it up.

I stared out the window for a moment. As I sat there, his hand gently cradling mine, I swallowed those words. Once, twice, three times I gulped them back down. It was too soon. He wasn't ready to hear them. I wasn't ready to say them yet.

By the time we'd made it to his place, those pesky words were safely wedged deep inside. As always, he opened the car door for me. We walked up to the building side-by-side, rode the elevator up to his floor. He opened his condo's door for me, and I stepped inside.

Once again, I marveled at how gorgeous his place was. A converted factory, the building was old, with a history that showed here and there. The massive windows and brick walls and soaring ceilings. In contrast, the furnishings were all modern and super stylish and sleek.

We had been seeing each other for a while now, and this was far from my first visit to his condo, and still I hadn't gotten used to the place. It felt more like a museum than a home to me. Perhaps I would never get accustomed to it. Perhaps it was better if I didn't.

Rather than escort me directly to the dungeon like I expected, Shane directed me toward the living room and invited me to sit. "Drink?" he asked.

Now, I hadn't spent a great deal of time in Shane's private playroom, aka the Cave of Wonders, but I did remember that he generally didn't take me there if I'd had any alcohol. As I recalled, he'd once told me it wasn't safe to play if I had been drinking. And so, when he offered me something to drink, I responded with, "Some diet cola would be great. Thanks."

"I thought you would appreciate spending some time just...relaxing," he said as he went to the open kitchen area to pour some cola into a glass. He returned with two full glasses, set them on the coffee table then picked up the remote, which had at least twice as many buttons on it than mine did at home. In an instant, the room went from cozy to romantic. A fire ignited in the fireplace, the lights dimmed to a sultry level, and some soft music played from hidden speakers.

Making myself comfy, I kicked off my shoes and lay against him, relishing how perfect it felt, being held in his powerful arms, being stroked by his gentle hands. "This is nice."

"What do you think of this place?" he asked. The question seemed to come out of the blue, and I wasn't sure how to respond.

"I...it's amazing."

"I sense you aren't comfortable here."

"I am," I said, my gaze meandering through the space. "It's just...so perfect. It's like walking into a showroom or something."

"Too modern?"

"It's your home. I wouldn't tell you how to decorate it."

He pulled me tighter against him, found my left hand and wove his fingers through mine. "Well, maybe I'm asking you to tell me how to decorate my next place." His thumb stroked across the top of my hand. "I have an agent coming by tomorrow. I'm selling this condo and moving into the house when it sells, whether the house is finished or not."

The house to which he was referring once belonged to me. I sold it to him after having inherited it from my mother. It was in rough shape when he bought it, but I knew he was doing a massive renovation on it. He hadn't mentioned any details since the day we'd closed on the property. I was a little (okay, more like very) curious to hear what his plans were. "For some reason, I thought you might fix that place up and flip it."

"I considered it. But I changed my mind. The place holds some memories for me. Of you when you were younger. Your mother. Those were good times, happy times. I guess I have a sentimental side I'd never known about."

"Then I'm even gladder you decided to buy it."

"So am I. I've been working with a couple of interior designers, and I have some proposals. I'd like to get your feedback on them."

"Sure. I'll look at them. But it's still your house, your money."

"Yes, mine." His voice was soft, somewhat dreamy, as if he were thinking about something else, or somewhere else. Somewhere far away and wonderful. He cupped my chin and searched my eyes. "Do you still feel the way you did before, Bristol? Do you still want me to crave you?"

"Yes, Shane. I do feel that way. Because I crave you, too."

He groaned and kissed me. Hard. Like his life would end at any moment and he couldn't kiss me enough. His hands cupped my face, holding me in place so his mouth could claim mine. The kiss started as a ravishment, a rough claiming that made my toes curl and my heart thump. I slid my hands down his chest, feeling it swiftly rise and fall as he inhaled and exhaled. Within seconds we were writhing, our limbs entangled, our bodies heating.

A moan of pure ecstasy bubbled up my throat and slipped between my lips. "Shane," I whispered. "I love you."

Abruptly, he broke the kiss. His gaze drilled into mine. "What did you say?"

In one instant my body turned to ice. I'd said those words too soon. Much too soon. Why had I done that? Why? "I...was just wrapped up in the moment."

His expression softened slightly. "Then you didn't mean it? You didn't mean what you said?"

"I..." I had meant it. But what did he want to hear? I could lie and tell him I didn't, but that idea didn't sit well with me. I couldn't do it. "I meant it."

"Say it again."

"Shane," I said as my heart hammered against my breastbone. "I've fallen in love with you."

He stood, swept me into his arms and carried me toward the dungeon. "I didn't want to hear those words. Not from you. Not from anyone. But now, I can't hear you say those words enough. Bristol, I love you. I. Love. You. And that scares the shit out of me."

Chapter 3

My head was spinning. And it had nothing to do with how he was carrying me or how fast he was walking.

He told me he loves me. Shane loves me!

I was so happy I could barely hold back the tears. My arm was looped around his neck, and while he walked, I sprinkled kisses everywhere I could reach. His neck. His shoulder. His cheek.

He pushed open the door to the dungeon and eased me onto my feet. Once I was steady, he stepped back and studied me thoughtfully.

What would he do next?

"You decide," he said.

"Me? Decide what?"

"Tell me what you want." He swept his arm in a wide arc.

My gaze meandered around the room. There as the swing. That swing was intense. In a good way.

Then there was the table. I liked the table a lot. I felt so utterly out of control on that table.

Oh, and there was the kneeler. I'd had quite a bit of fun on that piece of equipment before.

And then there was that...

The big cross thing. Like a giant X, standing against the wall, with cuffs bolted to all four ends of the crossed boards. Two for ankles. Two for wrists.

Up until this point, Shane had avoided using that one with me. I wasn't sure why. But at the same time I'd been grateful. When I was really worked up, which happened pretty quickly with Shane, my knees got wobbly. I would have to stand up if he strapped my wrists in those cuffs.

Shane followed the line of my focus. Putting on his serious dom face, he leveled a dark gaze at me. One side of his mouth curled. A buzz of electricity zinged through my body. "I like the way you think." Without waiting for me to respond, he placed his hands on my waist and walked me toward the cross, one, two, three steps. When I was standing directly in front of it, he whispered in my ear, "Undress, minx."

He stepped back to watch.

This was one of the most thrilling parts of the game. I didn't want to rush it. I took my time removing my shirt. As one more inch of my flesh was exposed, the heat in his eyes intensified. So did the fire burning in my body. By the time I had the garment completely off, he looked so feral and dangerous, I could barely stand staring into his eyes. He watched with such intensity. I felt as if he were studying every minute movement I made.

As I let my top slip from my fingertips and fall on the floor, he approached me. His fingertip traced a line up the center of my stomach, starting from my bellybutton. It climbed to my bra.

"Say it again," he murmured.

"I love you."

His eyelids lowered. His mouth curved into a dreamy smile. "Again."

"I love you, Shane. I love you so much it hurts."

He opened his eyes and took one of my hands in his. "I didn't think I would ever hear those words from you." His gaze focused on my face, he kissed the tip of my index finger. "I don't deserve your love." He kissed the tip of my ring finger.

"Why would you say that?"

"Because I'm screwed up. You deserve someone better than me. A lot better."

"Maybe I'm happy with you, faults and all. I'm not perfect either."

"Oh, yes. You are perfect. Everything about you is perfect." Still holding my hand, he flipped it over and kissed my wrist. "This part is perfect." Being silly, but adorable, he kissed a path up my arm to the crook of my elbow. "And this." Continuing north, he kissed my upper arm then over my shoulder. "And this." He kept going, kissing and nipping along my collarbone. "And this part too."

I giggled as he nibbled the ticklish spot at the base of my neck. The entire right side of my body tingled. He'd given me goose bumps. Again. He was really, really good at doing that. "You're so silly."

"Am I?" Taking my wrists in his hands, he lifted them up and separated them out, pinning them against the boards behind me.

I quivered, before he'd even started to cuff them.

There was nowhere that I felt more alive than in this room with this man. My heart was pounding, my skin tingling, my senses all heightened. I waited, each second absolute agony, to see what he would do next.

He started working on my pants, unbuttoning the fly and revealing an inch of skin at a time. His fingers were nimble, though he seemed to intentionally delay his progress as he pushed them down over my hips. It took a while, but the slow pace and his total focus made me that much warmer.

How he looked at me. How he touched me. It was almost impossible to remain still. I wasn't breathing normally. Instead of slow, shallow and steady breaths, I was gasping.

When he had my pants off, he stepped back, smiled. "Perfect."

"I'm so glad you like what you see."

"I love what I see."

Love. My heart skipped a beat or two. Maybe even three.

I felt my face heating up, my cheeks turning pink.

"Ah, there's that pretty flush." He caught the center of my bra with his index finger and tugged. "Hmmm. I should have taken this off before I cuffed your wrists, I suppose. Oh well." Moving so close, I felt his body heat radiating over my chest, he focused his gaze on mine. His hands skimmed around my ribcage to my back, found the hooks and, in a snap, had them undone. My breath caught in my throat. "Look. That flush has spread." His dark gaze wandered lower, to my chest. My ni**les pulled into hard, aching points.

I whimpered.

"Sshhh," he whispered, looking wicked and sexy. He pushed the cups of my bra up, exposing my flesh to his eyes, his mouth, his hands. He took full advantage, as I knew he would. He pinched one nipple between his left thumb and index finger until the pain was as sharp as a blade, piercing my insides. Then he laved the other with his warm, smooth tongue.

Pain. Pleasure. They blended inside me, swirling round and round, stoking fires ignited deep inside.

How I loved his world. Dark. Dangerous. Sensual. In this place I could explore the forbidden. Without shame. Without guilt or doubt.

My fingers curled into tight fists. My knees softened. I was melting. Already. Losing myself in ecstasy.

"There are so many things I want to show you, to teach you. This is only the beginning." He scraped his teeth across my nipple, and my spine arched. Oh God, it was delicious agony.

"Yes teach me. I want to please you."

"You do. In every way." He flicked his tongue down the center of my chest, between my br**sts. "The way you breathe pleases me." His hands brushed down my sides, fingers spanning my ribcage. "The way you smell pleases me." His tongue dipped into the shallow hollow of my belly button. "The way you tense beneath my touch pleases me." Lower, he was moving lower, squatting before me. The tissues between my legs started to pulse with heat. "The way you writhe in ecstasy pleases me." His hands curved over my hips, holding them in place. "Open your legs for me."

I widened my stance.

"Wider."

I shuffled my feet farther apart.

"Wider, Bristol. I need you open, wide open."

I moved them even farther apart. My inner thigh muscles burned. My arms-still fastened at the wrists in the cuffs-stretched.

"Yes. Better." His lips caressed my shaven mound. "Delicious."

I quivered. His voice was low and husky. It vibrated through me like an electrical current. My insides clenched as he fastened one ankle then the other.

Bound. Both wrists. Both ankles. I was completely at his mercy now.

What would he do? What delightful pleasures would he introduce to me now?

One of his hands inched around to my wet center. The tip of one finger slipped between my nether lips to tease my clit. I would have crumpled to the ground if I hadn't been shackled. My knees buckled, leaving all my weight to be supported by my cuffed arms. I straightened my legs right away.

"Ah, you're going to have to stay strong, minx." He flicked that wicked finger over my cl*t again, and I locked my knees to avoid falling again. "That's better. Now, let's take it to the next step."

The next step. What might that be? The muscles in my thighs were twitching. My bones felt like mush already. And my insides...they were simmering. I was a mass of writhing desperation. I couldn't be still, despite the chains.

He stood, his big, hard body mere inches from me but beyond my reach. I could smell him. I could see him. I could practically taste him. But I could not touch him. It was so cruel. And thrilling.

He stripped off his shirt. My gaze slithered down his flexing, muscular torso, bumped over his abs and stopped at the waist of his pants.

"Are you ready to see more?"

"Yes, sir."

"You'll have to earn it."

I whimpered. "How?"

"Answer one question. Answer it truthfully. What are you most afraid of?"

I didn't know how to answer that question. I'd never had to verbalize any fear. And talking about fear now--when I was so aroused--was an added challenge. My head was foggy from the need pulsing through my veins. "I...don't understand."

"What are you most afraid of?" he repeated.

"Death, I suppose."

"Death? Or dying?"

"Both?" Why was he asking this now? Thinking about something so terrible was dragging me down, pulling me out of the moment.

He unzipped his pants. "Why?"

My gaze locked on the tiny vee of flesh his open fly exposed, and my heart started pounding again. "I don't know. I guess I'm afraid it will be terrifying. Or painful. Everyone dies alone. Nobody can help me. Nobody can take the pain away or ease the process."

"If I could, I would. I would die for you."

My heart jerked at his words. The look on his face was sincere. He would die for me. He would take away my pain if it was possible.

How many other people could say that to me? Would I believe them like I did him?

No.

"Shane, I know."

He pushed his pants down and stepped out of them, revealing his beautiful body to me, every inch of it. "I won't let you die alone. I will be there." He gripped my hair in his fist. "I'll take every breath with you until you've taken your last. I'll hold you until you're not afraid anymore."

"Yes. I believe you."

"You'll let me, won't you?"

"Yes, Shane. Yes."

He grasped my hips, stepped between my spread legs, and thrust his rod inside me.

Oh, God. It was intense.

Instinctively, I closed my eyes, allowing myself to focus on my other senses.

"I promise," he said as he slowly pulled out, "I won't let you be afraid. Not ever. As long as I am alive, I will be at your side. Watching you. Protecting you. Providing for you."

If I could have, I would have wrapped my arms around him. The words he was saying were melting me. In a very different way than his deep strokes were. His smooth, sure thrusts were stirring the fires burning deep inside me, stoking them, making them burn brighter, hotter. But his words. Those beautiful, heartfelt words, were touching my soul.

As I stood in place, unable to move, he kissed me, claimed my body and my spirit. He possessed me--body, mind and soul.

There was no doubt in my mind. We belonged together. We belonged to each other.

I surrendered.

There was no reason to fight it. I wanted it all, the pain, the pleasure, the sadness and the joy. And for that I received a wonderful reward. I felt his cl**ax deep inside. His rod widened. His thrusts became swift and rough. I tumbled over the crest with him. Our bodies worked as one, his pushing deep into mine, and mine pulling him deeper yet.

I wasn't afraid anymore.

* * * * *

"You did what?" Jill Staton, my best friend said, her mouth agape, her eyes bulging.

"I told him I love him," I repeated. We were in public, in our favorite coffee shop. It was a good thing there were a lot of people around.

She had set down her hazelnut macchiato. She'd plunked it down hard. Her lips had thinned. "But you don't love him. You don't. You're just having fun, enjoying his..." She glanced left, right. "...freaky games," she whispered. "Sooner or later you'll get tired of it all, and then what? Then you'll be committed to something you can't walk away from."

"I'm already committed," I confessed over the rim of my cup. I was enjoying my skinny mocha, despite the hostility I was catching from my bestie. I knew she was thinking about my well-being.

Her eyes narrowed to slits. "Committed? How? What do you mean by that? Are you...? Please tell me you aren't marrying him."

"I'm not engaged to him yet. But I think he's going to ask-"

"Oh God." Her face turned the shade of the foam on top of my mug. Now she didn't look angry or worried. She looked...afraid. "I should've stepped in and told you everything sooner."

Everything? "Told me what?"

"About his wife. The one who died." She lifted her cup but set it back down without taking a drink. "I know this is none of my business, but I was worried. So I did a little checking. It was his fault, his wife's death."

A chill burned up my spine. "How was it his fault? What are you suggesting? That he killed her?"

"Not exactly. Well, sort of indirectly."

"What does that mean, indirectly?"

"Dammit, I shouldn't be telling you this. He should." This time, when she lifted her cup she did take a sip. She stared into it. "Has he ever talked about her?"

"Not really, and I haven't asked."

"You should. That's all I'm going to say." She took another sip. "Tell him you want to hear the truth. All of it. The rest should come from him. I know you won't believe it if it doesn't. He should be telling you this stuff himself. I've been keeping quiet about it for a while now. I was willing to wait, to give him the chance. But it's getting serious between you two now. If he doesn't want to tell you what happened, then you should break it off. Trust me."

Little hard lumps were gathering in my throat. I had to chug down half my mocha to clear them out. "You've got to be blowing this thing out of proportion."

"That's what you say now. We'll see what you think when you hear everything-if you hear everything. I suspect he'll gloss over the uglier details."

What the hell was she trying to tell me? What the hell? I couldn't help it. I was scared. And that made me feel guilty.

After all, I'd just spent the night with Shane, telling him how much I trusted him. And showing him. In more ways than one. And here I was now, less than twenty-four hours later, questioning that trust already.

But Jill believed I had a good reason to distrust him.

Could I believe her?

She was my best friend. She'd never lied to me about anything. She'd never stepped between me and a boyfriend before either.

But, she also had major trust issues. She'd been abused as a kid. Sometimes I felt she didn't even trust me.

Then again, never before had she been as outspoken as she'd been with Shane. Lately I had wondered if there was a reason why she had been so opinionated about him, perhaps something she had known but hadn't told me.

Maybe it was this thing about his wife.

"Promise me you'll sit down and talk to him about her," Jill repeated, giving me a please-listen-to-me look. "Don't let him get away with a vague non-explanation, either. You need to know everything, before you make any drastic changes to your life. You deserve to know what kind of man Shane really is."

"Okay, I'll do it," I said before emptying the rest of my cup.

"Promise?"

"Yes, I promise."

"Good." Jill took one last swallow of her coffee then set her empty cup on the table. She grabbed her purse and scraped back her chair. "Now, I'm going to take you out and have some fun."

Like I was in the frame of mind for fun? I followed her to the coffee shop's door. "Out? You didn't mention going out tonight."

She pushed through the door and clicked-clacked out to the parking lot. "Yes, well, I decided we need a ladies night out. We haven't done anything together since you started dating Whips and Chains." At her car, she pulled a big, exaggerated pout. "I'm feeling a little neglected."

"Okay, I admit, I've been a little busy lately. But we went out for dinner that one time--"

"One time." Jill lifted her right index finger. "Once. In how many weeks? You see my point? He's taking over your life." She opened her door and plopped into her seat.

"He is not taking over my life," I grumbled as I snapped myself into the seatbelt.

"Good. I'm glad to hear you say that. I hope you mean it." She shifted her car into gear and hit the gas. "I'll take you home so you can put on something cute. We'll hit the clubs."

"The clubs?" It had been a long time since I'd gone out with Jill, and it had been an even longer time since we'd gone to a bar. Because I had been neglecting Jill a little in recent weeks, I was glad to spend some time with her. But the thought of dealing with the crowd at her favorite haunts-particularly the leering guys-made me feel a little sick to my stomach. Maybe I could convince her to head somewhere a little tamer. Somewhere like...a nice restaurant.

At home, I changed into an outfit that wouldn't get me sexually molested if we did go to her fave club, switched my keys, phone and one debit card into my one and only designer handbag, a vintage Chanel bag my mother had kept wrapped in paper in her dresser, slipped my feet into my most comfortable nighttime shoes and teetered out to the living room.

Jill took one look at me and twisted her face into an ugly scowl. "Are you kidding me?"

"What's the matter?" I checked my reflection in the mirror hanging next to my door. Okay, I wasn't going to be winning any beauty pageants tonight, but I wasn't interested in impressing anyone anyway. I was presentable.

"What's the matter? You look like you're going to a funeral."

"What? I do not." I checked my reflection again. Sure, I was wearing black. But a lot of women wore black at night. Black was always a safe choice. And my makeup and hair were both on the boring side. But, again, I didn't care.

Jill tossed an arm over my shoulder and not so gently steered me toward my bedroom. In there, she positioned me in front of the full length mirror in the corner of my room, the one I hadn't checked before coming out.

She was right. I did kind of look like I was going to a funeral. My black pants were more corporate daytime than let's-party nighttime wear. And the jacket...yeah, it fit me great and was well made, but it was also outdated and a bit dowdy. The outfit even made my cool little purse look tired and old.

"Okay," I admitted, "this probably wasn't the best choice in outfits."

"I think you've forgotten how to dress sexy. Let me help you." Jill pushed open my closet doors, crossed her arms and tapped her chin. "Wow, you've bought a lot of new stuff, I see. It's all really nice. Too nice for where we're going tonight." She pulled out one of the gowns Shane had given me. "Is this Marchesa? I know where to come when I have a formal event to dress for. But where are all your sexy clothes?"

"Yes, it's a Marchesa. Shane bought me all that stuff," I informed her, hoping the fact that he'd spent a great deal of money on me might make her see he wasn't all bad. "My old clothes are in the back."

"Yes, well, this new stuff is nice." She pushed them to the left, out of her way. "Really, really nice. Wow. I see he even bought you a Valentino." She held the precious little dress with lacy layered tulle over silk up to her body. "That's some serious cash there."

"He likes to buy me nice things."

"That's wonderful. But I still don't trust him." She returned the Valentino to its place in the closet.

"Are you going to tell me what you found out about his wife?" I asked as I watched her root through the darkest corner of my closet for my old slutty bar wear.

"No." With her body halfway concealed behind clothes, she thrust one arm out, a tiny black, clingy dress draped over it. "Here, wear this. You always looked hot in this one."

I held it up to my body and nearly had a heart attack. I couldn't wear it in public. It was absolutely indecent. "I've gained a few pounds. It isn't going to fit."

"Gained? Where?" Stepping out of the closet, my friend gave me an up and down. "You haven't gained any weight. Try it on."

I wadded up the garment she'd called a dress into a ball and shoved it into her hands. "I don't want to wear this. I'll find something else." I pushed my way toward the back of my closet.

"Why? Is it because of him? Does he tell you not to look sexy for other men?"

I poked my head out to give my friend a don't-go-there glare. "No, of course not. He wouldn't ever tell me how to dress. I just don't feel like chasing off a bunch of slobbering ass**les tonight."

Jill sighed. "Fine. Wear something else. Just please nothing that might get you mistaken for my mother. Or a nun." As I reached for a different dress, also black, but with a high neckline and fuller skirt, she added, "And nothing you would wear to church."

There went that one.

Clearly this was going to take some time...and a little patience.

Chapter 4

"What a night. Just look at this place. Hotties everywhere. As far as the eye can see."

I wasn't nearly as thrilled as my bestie. She saw one hot prospect after another. Me, I wasn't looking, so all I saw was one horny guy looking for a hookup after another. Once upon a time some of the men might have turned my head. But not anymore. Shane was all the man I needed. He was the only one I wanted.

I wasn't just in love with him, I realized as I sat there, staring into my lukewarm diet cola. I loved him. Loved, as in wouldn't ever want to hurt him. Loved, as in couldn't imagine life without him.

And he loved me too.

He was scared. So was I.

Loving him meant he had the power to devastate me. Loving him meant I willingly gave him that power.

The last time we were together, he'd said something strange, "I can't live like this." I hadn't stopped wondering what he meant by that. I hoped I would find out soon.

"Come on. You can't sit here all night, nursing that nasty diet cola by yourself. Come and dance with me." Making sure I could not refuse her, Jill grabbed my hands and practically dragged me to my feet. She bounced through the crowd toward the dance floor, her sways and steps keeping time with the music pounding through the club. Me, I walked behind her, aware of every set of male eyes that landed upon me.

Jill stopped at the outer edge of the dance floor and turned to face me as she started dancing. If she meant for me to stand out there, where I would be on full display, it wasn't happening. I wriggled between her and another girl who was gyrating against a tall guy with full sleeves of tattoos, took a spot where I wouldn't be so out in the open, and started moving to the music.

While I wasn't interested in gaining any man's attention tonight, I did love to dance. It didn't take long for the music's deep base to throb through my body. I closed my eyes against the blinking glare of the dance lights and let the beat carry me away.

I felt free. And sexy. And alive.

"I'm glad to see you haven't forgotten how to dance," Jill shouted over the ear-splitting music.

"Never."

One song blended into another, and then we were swaying and spinning to a faster dance tune. Before I'd started seeing Shane, dancing had been one of my favorite things to do. Instantly, I was swept up in the rhythm. Sweat trickled down my temples. The hair at my nape clung to my neck. And my heartbeat sped up, pounding hard and fast, almost in time with the beat.

Wow, did this feel great. I'd almost forgotten how much fun it was to just let go and dance. Adrenaline was pumping through my veins, making me feel almost high. A new song started playing and my movements adjusted, picking up the faster tempo. My body temperature rose even higher.

A guy stepped up behind Jill and started dancing next to her. She angled toward me, dancing while looking over her shoulder at him. I watched as the music thrummed on, their dance becoming more intimate with each passing beat. Before the end of the song he had an arm wrapped around her waist and he was holding her against him, their movements perfectly synchronized. The song ended, and the next started. A slower song. Jill twisted around to face her partner. I stepped around them, ready to head back to the table after a quick stop at the bar for something cold to drink.

It took some side-stepping and lots of "excuse-mes" to get up to the bar. Wedging myself between two barstools with patrons sitting in them, I planted a foot on the brass footrest and waited for the bartender to notice me.

Someone tapped me on the shoulder.

Expecting Jill, I said, as I glanced over my shoulder, "Want something to drink?"

"No thank you," was the answer.

That wasn't Jill.

The voice was too low. And it belonged to a male. A male I kind of recognized but couldn't place.

"Bristol?" the slightly familiar man asked.

"Yes, that's me," I said as I turned to face him.

"I thought I recognized you." He extended a hand. "Russell Grant."

"Russell Grant," I repeated as I tried (and failed) to remember how we knew each other. My gaze meandered over his face. Deep brown eyes. Olive skin. Dark, dark hair.

"I suppose I should be disappointed that you don't recognize me, but I can't really blame you. It's been a while since we met. And you probably weren't paying much attention to me then. I was your mother's physician. When she was in the hospital."

"Ah. That was a while ago. You have a good memory. Obviously, I don't."

He rested a hand on the bar, his body angled toward mine. He was a nice looking man. His hair reminded me of Shane's. It was wavy and thick, silky. He had a really great smile. He also smelled very nice. But wow, was he big. I didn't remember him being so tall and...imposing before. "You're not an easy woman to forget."

Oh gosh. He's flirting with me.

If there'd been any room, even an inch, I would have moved away from him. But I was wedged between two stools. He was crowding me from the front, and behind me was the bar. There was not even a fraction of an inch to spare.

He waved to the bartender. "Are you here alone?"

"No, I'm here with a friend." Since I couldn't put any more space between us, I turned my body toward the bar and spoke over my shoulder.

"I see." His gaze flicked around, no doubt searching for the friend.

"She's dancing," I told him.

"She is? Then she won't mind if I buy you a drink?"

"No, she wouldn't mind, but I'm the designated driver. So no, thanks."

"Can't I get you something cold at least? You look a little warm."

No doubt I did. Sweat was dribbling down the side of my face. I could just imagine what my makeup looked like. It was a wonder he'd recognized me at all, especially considering the number of people he probably met at the hospital on a daily basis. It was an even bigger mystery how he found me attractive. I grabbed a napkin off the bar and dabbed at my face. "I am warm-"

"What can I get you?" the bartender asked.

"Diet cola, please. Lots of ice."

An arm stretched across my side. In the hand was a twenty dollar bill. "I'll take a Lambrucha," Russell said as he handed the bill to the bartender.

"Okay." The bartender waved the bill. "I'll get your change."

"Keep it," Russell told him.

"Thanks." The grateful bartender filled a glass with ice, to the top.

I twisted to smile over my shoulder at Russell while the bartender dispensed my cola and fetched a bottle of beer from the cooler. "Thank you."

"You're welcome." After reaching past me to grab his beer and my cola, he tipped his head to the side. "Want to go find a quiet table somewhere so we can talk?"

"I..." I glanced at the dance floor. Jill was still doing the bump and grind with her new friend. She didn't look too concerned about where I'd gone.

That left me in a bad spot. Russell had bought me a drink. Granted, outside of a glass of water, it didn't get much cheaper than a cola. Still, it would be rude to turn down his invitation. I just had to make sure to let him know I wasn't interested in anything beyond a short getting-caught-up chat. "Sure," I said.

He looped his arm through mine. "It's crowded. I don't want to lose you again." He pushed between two large men, his body like one of those big ice-busting boats, clearing a path through the thick, sweaty throng. He located a table not far from the entrance and, after setting down our drinks, pulled out a chair for me. Once I sat, he folded his thick frame into the chair across from me and smiled over the lip of his bottle. His eyes were sparkly. I knew what that look meant. "You look great, Bristol."

"Thanks." I shifted nervously in my seat and stirred my cola. After my somewhat unpleasant experience not so long ago with an ex-boyfriend, I didn't want to risk giving this guy the wrong impression. "I remember now. You were an...intern at the time. Right?"

"I was a resident. I've finished up now, started a new practice with a friend of mine." Staring at me, he pulled a good sized drink from his bottle.

"Your own practice? You're doing well."

"I'm doing okay."

Small talk. I needed to make small talk. That was safe. "My mother told me you were getting married."

"Oh, yeah. I got married. But we separated shortly after the honeymoon. Just waiting for the divorce to be finalized."

That explained the sparkles. "I'm sorry to hear that."

"It's okay. Melanie and I shouldn't have married. We were great friends, still are, but we weren't good spouses. We didn't expect the same things from marriage." He waved his bottle. "Enough about me. What about you? Has some lucky man snatched you up yet?" His gaze went right to my left hand, which was resting on the table.

"I'm not married. Yet," I added. "But I am seeing someone."

"Ah, then I'm not too late."

I laughed to hide my unease. "Well, I don't think my boyfriend would agree with that statement."

"If your relationship was rock solid, you wouldn't be here, at a club, alone."

"I'm not alone. I came with a girlfriend."

"Yes, Jill."

"You remember Jill? You couldn't have met her more than once or twice."

He jammed his fingers through his hair and cleared his throat. "Actually, I have a confession to make."

I was confused. "What confession?"

"Jill and I share a common friend. We ran into each other last week, and I asked about you. She suggested I meet you here tonight. But she didn't tell me you were in a relationship. She said you'd started dating someone but it wasn't going anywhere."

I was confused no more. "That little brat. She said that, did she?"

"You're annoyed."

"Not with you." I heaved a heavy sigh. I was going to have to sit down with Jill and find out what the heck she'd learned about Shane. Either she was going to tell me or she was going to stop poking her nose in my personal life. "You're the second man she's tried to set me up with recently."

He took another swallow of beer. "Why is she doing that?"

"She doesn't like my boyfriend."

"I see." His gaze wandered for a second. Then he shook his head. "It's too bad. It would've been nice to reconnect. Bad timing, I guess." His attention diverted again. He was looking at something or someone behind me.

I twisted in my seat. Blonde. Boobs. Short skirt. "Yes," I agreed. "It's just bad timing."

He stood, beer in hand. "Well, if anything changes, you can find me easily enough if you want to." He offered a hand. "It's good seeing you again, Bristol. Really."

"It's good seeing you again too, Russell." I watched him shake his head, his mouth curled down in disappointment. I gave a little apologetic smile and wave. And, after chugging what was now warm, watered-down diet cola, I went in search of my meddling friend.

She was going to get an earful. As soon as I found her. I pushed and wriggled my way through the mass of hot, sweaty bodies to the packed dance floor and scanned the crowd. There were dozens of women and men gyrating to the heavy, pounding beat. Too many. I couldn't find Jill. I dance-walked across the dance floor, looking left and right, forward and back. At one point, a man grabbed my hand, twirled me around to face him and started doing a freaky dance move that would probably inspire nightmares tonight. I quickly moved along, checking every inch of the space before accepting the obvious.

Jill had taken off somewhere.

I checked our table as I dialed her number on my cellphone.

"Where are you?" I yelled when I heard her answer.

"I'm in the bathroom. Where are you?"

"Looking for you. Be there in a few."

"M-kay."

I clicked off and click-clacked through a cluster of men, my gaze fixed on the rear exit leading to the bathrooms. I got as far as the doorway when yet another person grabbed my hand. Really, really tired of being pawed at and grabbed, I whirled around and yelled, "Hands off!"

My gaze locked on a mouth. Then I saw the straight blade of a nose. And from there the chiseled angle of a cheekbone.

"Who did you think I was?" Shane asked, expression like ice.

Oh God, he was angry.

Why? Because I was at a club? Because of what I'd said? Because he saw me having a drink with Russell?

"Who? Nobody in particular. Just another drunk bastard looking to cop a feel," I said as I fiddled with my purse strap.

His expression darkened. "Are you sure about that?"

What did he mean by that?

"Yes, I'm sure. I've been looking for Jill. When I was over there," I indicated the dance floor with a jerk of my head, "a random guy issued a fairly obnoxious invitation for me to dance with him. Which I refused."

"Come with me." My angry-looking boyfriend pushed on my back, steering me back around, away from the exit leading to the bathrooms. Away from Jill.

Deciding Jill wouldn't notice if it took me a minute or two longer to meet up with her, I let him lead me all the way across the bar to the front entrance. We stepped outside. My ears were ringing.

"What were you doing here?" Shane asked, his gaze raking up and down my body.

I hadn't worn the sluttiest dress I owned, but with him looking at me like that, I felt downright indecent. I tugged on the hem of my dress. "I came here with my friend Jill. We're having a girl's night out."

"Then who is the guy I saw you with? I didn't see a girlfriend with you. Not since I walked in the door."

Oh no.

He thought I'd come here with Russell? I had to straighten this out right away. I hadn't done anything wrong. Nothing. He had no reason to be jealous.

I lifted my hands. "Shane, you have the wrong idea."

"Do I?" His head tipped to the side. He moved smoothly, slowly, crowding my personal space bubble until it almost popped. "Did you not have a drink with another man? Was I imagining that?"

Now I was not only a little intimidated but I was also getting mad. So what? I'd sat at a table in a public place with another man. We talked. About nothing. And then I'd told him I was involved in a relationship. "No, you weren't imagining it. But that was all I did, had a drink and talked."

"Talked about what?" he shot back, inching closer still. "You two looked very comfortable with each other."

Every instinct in me told me to back up, give myself some space so he wouldn't be so freaking intimidating. But I didn't want to. I didn't want him to think he'd won this little power struggle we were fighting right now. "We looked comfortable because we know each other. Knew each other. He's married now."

Shane laughed. "Married. A married man at a bar can only be looking for one thing."

I wanted to tell him that it was Jill's fault, that she'd set the whole thing up, but that would probably make him distrust Jill. If he distrusted her, he might try to tell me I couldn't go out with her anymore. Though, based on the steam blasting from his ears, he might do that anyway.

"You're angry. But you shouldn't be. I didn't do anything wrong. You're making assumptions--"

"Like someone else we know, right? Who was making assumptions when she saw me at a restaurant with another woman?" He backed me into the wall. Then he angled closer so that I was feeling the heat of his breath fanning over my face, and those cold, dark eyes were piercing mine, searching them.

"You're right. I did make assumptions."

"That was a restaurant," he pointed out. "Not a dump like this."

"Back off, ass**le!" Jill shouted from somewhere close by.

Great, now she was going to hate Shane even more. In her eyes he was being a big bully. In reality, he was being a bully. But now that he'd pointed out what I'd done when I'd caught him with Alexis, I couldn't fault him for being jealous.

"Jill, it's okay," I said, trying to peer around the side of Shane's hulking body.

"Like hell! Nobody deserves to be screamed at and intimidated like this. No one!"

"Jill," Shane said, his voice low and cold. He shot her what I could assume was an ugly glare over his shoulder. "This is a private conversation."

"Bristol is my friend. You're being a complete jerk. If you don't back off, I'm calling the police."

Shane lurched back and lifted his hands in a sign of surrender. His eyes met mine. "No need to call the cops. I'll leave."

Frozen and confused, I watched him stomp away.

Jill grabbed me, wrapping her arms around me. "That guy is a complete and total ass**le. You deserve so much better than that. Dammit, why can't you see that?"

"He saw me with Russell." I snapped as I pushed away from her, heading toward the car. This night had been a total nightmare. From the start. I regretted letting her talk me into going to this dump. If we had done something else, like gone to a movie or something, Shane wouldn't have seen me with another man, and he wouldn't have gotten upset. "This is your fault. All of it. You told Russell I would be here tonight. You told him I was single. What do you suppose Shane thought? Dammit, Jill. Why do you keep trying to break us up?"

She crossed her arms over her chest. "He's an abuser, Bristol. That's why."

"No, he's not abusive. Not at all."

"Ohmygod, you're so blind." Whirling around, she stabbed a finger at the door. "He dragged you out of a club to scream at you like you're a two year old. Tell me that's not abuse."

"It was a little over-the-top and obnoxious, sure. But-"

"But nothing. Normal, sane people don't do things like that. They don't make a scene in public."

"Like you're doing now?" I pointed out, noticing the cluster of guys at the club's entry who were now staring at us.

Jill followed the line of my gaze then jerked her head back in my direction and motioned to the car. Neither of us spoke until we were in the car. I was in the passenger seat, seething. She was in the driver's seat, stuffing the key into the ignition. Once she had the car started, she turned to me. "I'm just looking out for my best friend." She sounded hurt, and that made me feel even worse. Now I was both angry and guilty. Worried about how my next conversation with Shane would go, and upset with Jill for trying to get between us.

"If I needed your help, I would tell you," I muttered as I stared blindly out the window.

She shifted the car into reverse and backed out of the parking spot. Then she jammed it into gear and stomped on the gas. "No, you wouldn't. You're in too deep. You don't see him for what he truly is--"

"That's enough. He's never laid a hand on me. He's never called me names. He's never made me do anything I didn't want to do. He isn't that bastard, the one I promise never to mention again. But not talking about him hasn't helped. You still see his face everywhere. They aren't all like him. They aren't."

At the street, Jill jammed on the brake to wait for an opening in traffic. "I know. But Shane is. Exactly like him. Someday you'll see that. I just hope it won't be too late."

Chapter 5

Shane was at my place when I got home. He was in my house. In my living room. And, even though I had defended him to Jill, the expression on his face was a little scary. I had to admit I felt a little uneasy being alone with him.

But another issue bothered me even more. He'd let himself into my condo. Without my permission.

I let him know, by the look on my face, that I wasn't happy about it. "How did you get in here?" I dropped my purse on the table, knocking some of the freaking bills off. The scattered all over the floor.

"The door was unlocked," he said blandly as he shoved his hands into his pockets.

Like I would buy that one? He was lying. "I always lock the door when I leave."

"You didn't this time."

I swallowed a few curse words. Maybe it was time to change the locks. "From now on, do not let yourself in unless I've invited you to do so."

An emotion I couldn't name briefly flashed over his features. In a blink it was gone. "You're acting different. Are you...?" He charged across the room at me. His eyes widened as he lunged forward and caught my upper arms in his fists. "You're afraid of me. Afraid!"

I felt myself flinch. My heart skipped a beat or two. "No, I'm not."

He jerked his hands away, as if I'd burned him. "You cringed like you thought I might hit you."

"I...did?" My face warmed. My body chilled.

"Do you really think I might strike you out of anger?" His gaze searched mine, as if he didn't trust me to speak the truth. "You do."

Did I? I wasn't sure. "No."

He shook his head and staggered back. "I don't know why I thought it would be different this time," he mumbled as he loped toward the door. His shoulders were back, head held high, but I still got the impression he felt defeated.

I watched him walk toward the door, and in my mind I asked if I would be okay if he walked out and never came back. My initial gut reaction was no, I wouldn't be okay. If he left, he would take a huge piece of my soul with him. I would be empty. Lost.

"You look so angry. Can you blame me?" I muttered to his back.

Slowly, he pivoted around. "I'll be in touch." He left me standing there, wondering how long it would take for him to call.

An hour later, my phone hadn't rung.

Jill hadn't called.

Shane hadn't called.

Five hours later, I was sitting in bed, unable to sleep, checking my phone for messages.

None.

The next morning I checked for messages. None.

I dragged through my morning routine. It was quiet in my place. Too quiet. The silence made all the voices in my head unbearable. I kept thinking about what Shane had said, and what Jill had said, and how I had reacted to him, how I felt when I discovered he'd broken into my condo.

I felt as if my insides had been bathed in acid and run through a wringer. By noon I had suffered enough. I was exhausted from lack of sleep and an emotional wreck. I took some sleeping pills and curled up on the couch. Some old movie played on the TV, the drone of voices easing the tension from my limbs. Gradually, my body became heavier and I let the darkness carry me away.

* * * * *

I woke up confused, disorientated. I was on the couch. It was dark. The TV was on. Then I remembered everything and I started feeling sick again. I grabbed my cellphone.

No calls.

I checked the time. It was after eight o'clock. I'd slept all day. I eased upright. The pills hadn't totally worn off yet. I was a little wobbly, dizzy. I was thirsty too. I checked my refrigerator. There was some cola, some water, and some wine. I opted for the wine.

One glass in, and I was feeling even worse than before. I sat on the couch, crying like an idiotic schoolgirl who'd been dumped by her first boyfriend. Dammit, this wasn't the end of the world. Shane and I had an issue to work out. That was what couples did when they faced a problem. They worked it out. We could do that too.

There was no need to freak out. Or check my phone every five effing minutes.

Still, I couldn't stop checking my stupid phone. Neither could I keep the tears from flowing. I cried until my head was pounding. Then I downed some pills for my head, washing them down with a bottle of water, and staggered back to my bedroom. I flopped into bed and laid there, forcing myself to think about happier things, about the new job I would start on Monday.

The job that Shane had given me.

I prayed, as I once again felt the tug of sleep, that I if I saw Shane on Monday I wouldn't fall apart. That was the last thing I needed.

* * * * *

Monday morning, I dressed for work. I couldn't eat breakfast. I couldn't even handle some toast. My stomach was twisting into knots, coiling then uncoiling. If I didn't throw up it would be a miracle. I managed to get some coffee down. The little zing of caffeinated energy propelled me forward. With no time to spare, I dashed out the door and jumped into my car.

Jill called me as I was driving to work.

I answered, "Hi." I switched my phone to my left hand.

"Hi. Are you excited for your big day?" she asked, avoiding the subject of Shane.

"I'm anxious."

"Does that mean you haven't made up with psycho?"

My hackles went up. Yes, Shane did things that made me mad sometimes. But then so did other people. Including Jill. That didn't mean he deserved to be called names. "It means I haven't spoken to Shane. He isn't a psycho."

"No comment." Jill cleared her throat. "Good luck today."

"Thanks." I steered my car onto the freeway, heading north.

"Call me on the way home. We'll go out for dinner. My treat."

My stomach protested. Loudly. "I'm not sure I'll be up to it. I'm feeling pretty crappy this morning."

"Oh, hon. I'm sorry. I hope you're okay today. Will you see him?"

"I don't know." I hit the gas at the end of the cloverleaf entry ramp to speed up and merge. I was going to have to squeeze my car into a tiny space between a semi and a big, gnarly pickup truck. I said a little prayer and steered to the left.

"I hope for your sake you don't see him."

I didn't know what I wanted. A part of me missed him terribly. I missed the sound of his voice. I missed the sparkle he got in his eyes when he was goofing around with me, having fun. I missed the tilt of his lips when he was giving me one of those lopsided smiles I found so cute and charming. I missed the smell of his hair, the sound of that little growl he gave me when he was in the mood.

That part was definitely bigger than the other part, the one that believed what Jill said, that Shane was too damaged to love anyone.

I wished I knew where all those scars had come from. He'd talked a little about his past. But he'd avoided going into any detail. I wanted to understand him. More than that, I wanted to help him heal so he could live the kind of life he deserved.

That was the real issue, I realized, as I sat there, phone pinched between my shoulder and ear, car speeding down the freeway. The reason why I was struggling with this apparent semi-breakup was because first, I had no closure. And second, I felt I had failed Shane. But I wondered if I somehow could have found the strength to stick it out if I had been the one who would make the difference in his life.

"Earth to Bristol," Jill yelled in my ear.

"I'm here."

"Are you going to be okay?" Jill asked. In her voice, I heard her say, you aren't going to be okay.

"Yes. I'm fine." The sign warning me about my exit flew by at roughly seventy miles per hour. "But I should let you go. I'm almost there."

"Okay. Call me when you're done. I want to hear all about your day."

"Okay. Bye."

"Bye."

I dropped my phone into the cup holder. Then I tried to concentrate on driving for the rest of the trip. I rolled into the parking lot with ten minutes to spare. Just the way I'd hoped. Now, if I could avoid seeing Shane all day today, that would probably be a good thing.

Fingers crossed, but hands still trembling a bit, I hurried up to the building. At the main reception desk, I checked in with the receptionist. She told me to wait. Someone would be coming down to meet me shortly. Then she went back to work and I sat down and tried to pretend I wasn't about to throw up.

What felt like an hour later a woman came out to the lobby, looked at me, and said in a clipped tone, "Miss Deatrich? I am Gail Fortune. Please follow me."

I got the vibe Gail Fortune didn't like me already.

We rode the elevator up to the second floor in uncomfortable silence. She escorted me into the human resources office, pointed at a table and then, before I'd sat down in the chair, handed me a stack of papers. "Please complete all these forms." She exited the room through a door in the back and I went to work.

Ah the joys of starting a new job. Endless, tedious paperwork.

An hour later, I gently knocked on the door I'd watched her disappear behind. She opened it, accepted the stack I handed her then told me to wait while she called down the individual who would be training me.

I sat.

And sat.

And sat some more.

By eleven, I was beginning to think there was a problem. I did everything I could to avoid looking upset or nervous or restless. Finally a very young woman-maybe fresh out of high school-shuffled into the office. Although she was young, she was dressed very conservatively, no different than the friendly (not) HR person. White blouse, black skirt, black jacket, hair pulled back and very little makeup. "Sorry for taking so long," she said, extending a hand. "I'm Holly Quade. This way."

"It's okay." I gave her hand a shake then followed her out. It was great getting out of that HR office. I was getting chills from Gail's icy reception.

Holly didn't say anything until we were in the elevator. "This is a great place to work, though the Powers-That-Be have some strange rules. I hope you'll be happy here."

Strange rules? "Me too."

"You won't have any problems if you just follow the procedures."

"Got it." Knowing Shane personally, I had expected his company to be a somewhat conservative corporate environment. But this...from the looks of this girl, it was a lot more conservative than I'd ever imagined.

"Did Gail give you an employee manual?" Holly asked.

Employee manual? Oh dear God. Please tell me I won't be tested on it. "There's a manual?"

"There is." She screwed her pretty face into a mask of confusion. "I don't know why she wouldn't have given you one."

I shrugged. "Maybe she forgot."

"I guess I'll have to go down on my lunch hour and grab one for you."

"Thanks."

The elevator stopped at the sixth floor, and the door rolled open.

There he was.

Shane.

The man I hadn't spoken with in days.

Heat rushed to my face.

His gaze met mine but then quickly jerked away. "Miss Quade," he said.

"Sir." She motioned to me. "This is a new employee. Her name is Bristol Deatrich."

"Miss Deatrich," Shane echoed, giving his head a slight nod. His expression was completely unreadable. I wasn't sure if that was good or bad. While I didn't want my coworker to know I had been in a personal relationship with our boss, I wouldn't have expected him to be so good at hiding his feelings.

Maybe he wasn't hiding anything. Maybe we were done. Over. Finished. My insides tightened. It hurt.

"Sir," I said, offering a smile.

He didn't return it. Instead he gave one to my escort, saying, "I trust our new employee is in excellent hands. Excuse me." After Holly sputtered a thank you, off he went.

My new coworker gave a little sigh. "Don't laugh, but when I started working here, I had dreams about that man," she whispered.

"He is handsome." I stole a quick glance over my shoulder. He was gone, out of sight. Somewhere.

"He's utter perfection."

"Nobody is perfect."

"Shane Trant is." She motioned to the right and started walking. "Our department is this way."

I nodded as I followed her lead.

"Call me crazy," she whispered, "I know he's a lot older than me. But if I could, I'd sleep with that man. There's something about him, a strength, an aura of power. I'd love to see how he lives when he's out of this place."

My heart jerked. How many other girls in this place felt the same way? How many had actually gotten what they wanted? "Sometimes the people you think have it best are actually living a nightmare. You just never know."

"I suppose you're right. And I know that sometimes a fantasy is better kept to the imagination. Reality doesn't measure up. But still..." she sighed again. "It's not like it's ever going to happen anyway. I heard he's married. To some woman in Europe somewhere."

Now that was one rumor I hadn't heard. Married? His wife was dead, and supposedly he had something to do with that, if Jill was to be believed. It had to be an old, false rumor. Jill would have told me if he had a living wife somewhere. "Where did you hear that?" I asked, pretending to be indifferent.

"Oh, I don't remember."

Ah, then it had to be false. I decided to clear things up for my new coworker. "I heard he was married, but his wife died."

Holly waved off my statement. "Oh. Sure. Everyone knows about his first wife. No, he married Wife Number Two right after her death. And as far as I know, he's still married to her."

Wife Number Two?

Oh, God.

Wife. Number. Two?

Shane? Married?

Oh. My. God.

If that rumor was true-which was still a big if-then I might have dodged a bigger bullet than I had realized. If things had continued...if I had married him someday, I might have become the wife of a...polygamist

If he was really married.

If we married.

If, if, if.

My stomach did a somersault.

That was it. I needed to find out if there was a current wife. That would put an end to all of it--the guilt for letting him down, the grieving for what might have been.

At last I would then be able to put Shane, and his complicated life, and our complicated relationship, behind me and move on.

Chapter 6

"What the f**k? Ohmygod. I knew it! I knew that jerk was no good."

I wished I'd been able to avoid telling Jill this latest rumor. I didn't want to hear the I-told-you-sos. But she had connections. She was the only one I knew who did. She would be able to get to the bottom of things. Plus I trusted her to tell me, one way or the other, whether he was married or not. She had her reasons for refusing to tell me what she'd found out about his first wife's death, but she wouldn't keep this from me.

Jill and I were at Jill's favorite restaurant. She liked it because every waiter in the place was hot. I liked it because they served a killer vegi lasagna. At the moment we were waiting for our hottie waiter, Paolo, to bring our drinks and salads.

"It's a rumor," I reminded her as I unfolded my napkin and smoothed it over my lap. "The girl who told me couldn't even remember where she'd heard it."

"That's okay. We have people. We can get to the bottom of it."

"Supposedly he was married in Europe somewhere."

"No problem." Jill dug her phone out of her purse and started poking at it. "I know exactly who I'm going to use on this case."

"Jill, please don't spend a lot of money-"

Jill waved away my plea. "Don't worry about that. First, I won't have to spend a lot to get information. We have computers and people who know how to use them. Really well. And second, finding out the truth would be worth any price, no matter the cost." Finished with whatever she was doing, she dropped her phone back in her purse.

Paolo hurried over, doled out our drinks and salads then ran off again. The restaurant was packed, every table full. We wouldn't be seeing him again for a while.

Jill looked sad to see him scampering away so quickly. After heaving a slightly exaggerated sigh, she said, "I'm guessing this latest bit is making it a little easier dealing with the breakup."

The unofficial taking-a-temporary-breather semi-breakup.

We hadn't officially broken up. I hadn't heard from Shane since that night in my condo. He hadn't called. Didn't speak to me at work. Nothing. So, officially we were...in limbo. But it was easier, less painful, to let Jill believe we'd broken up. "A little easier, I guess."

She sipped her Bellini, served in a champagne flute. "Mmm, is that good." She licked her lips. "Do you want to go out again this weekend? Maybe hit a club or two like old times?"

Clubbing. Again? Ugh. "I don't know if I'm ready for anything like that yet," I said as I stirred my alcohol-free strawberry iced tea. Tonight I needed to stay sober. If I drank, I would lose my resolve. I might actually tell Jill what had happened between Shane and me. That would be bad. "It hasn't been that long since we'd been to a club, and the last time...I don't need to remind you of how awful that was."

"Was it really that bad?"

"Yes."

Jill scowled. "Sorry. I was trying to be helpful. Russell is cute. And a doctor. A successful doctor."

"I know you were trying to help. Which is why we're still friends. But in the future, please stick with what you do best-lawyering. And leave the matchmaking to Patti Stanger."

Jill laughed as she stabbed at her salad, doused in ranch dressing. "Okay. No more matchmaking for me. Until you're ready-"

"No matchmaking," I interrupted. "At all. Period. None."

She scrunched up her face. "Was I really so bad at it?"

"Do I need to answer that question?"

"Wow. You're brutal."

"Just being honest. I wouldn't suggest a career change."

"No worries. I wasn't planning one. At least not until we find out what's up with your ex-boyfriend. I really, really want to know the truth." Jill lifted her glass. "How about a toast? To learning the truth?"

"To learning the truth," I echoed, tapping my glass against hers.

* * * * *

After dinner, Jill did her best to try to convince me to go out for drinks. She was meeting up with some of her people from work, one of them the guy she was going to have dig up the dirt on Shane. I declined. Not only didn't I want to be sitting around with a bunch of lawyers, listening to them talk shop, but I didn't want to be there when she told her assistant about Shane. I knew she'd be using some choice words in describing him. As much as I suspected he probably deserved to be described in that manner (especially if he was married), I couldn't really stomach hearing it. Not yet.

I went home.

I clicked on the TV. Surfed through all three channels I was able to get without cable. Then I decided to poke around on my cellphone a little bit. I had unlimited internet on my cellphone. It was agonizingly slow--like, watching a slug run a marathon slow. But it was better than nothing. I opened a blank web page, put the cursor in the little box and typed Shane's name.

Instantly, my screen was full of links to articles about Shane. One dated last Friday caught my eye. He was dressed in a suit and tie, standing next to none other than Alexis.

The article's headline: Has America's favorite billionaire bachelor found his match at last?

Oh God. Here we go again. Will it ever end?

It's just speculation. More silly rumors. That was Friday night. The same day the article was published, he was standing in my condo, yelling at me about talking to another man.

Rumor. Speculation. That was all it was.

My finger hovered over the screen.

I wanted to click the link.

No, I didn't.

Yes, yes I did.

No.

I shut the browser.

No.

To keep from opening the window again, I powered down my phone, plugged it into the charger, and went to the kitchen for a bedtime snack.

The writing was on the wall. Whether he was still legally married to some woman somewhere in Europe, about to be married to that bitch here in the US, or still the non-communicative jerk who made me look like a fool for just talking to another man, we were through. Over. Done. The sooner I accepted that fact, the better.

He hadn't called me in a week. He hadn't apologized. He'd just dumped me like yesterday's trash.

I deserved better than that.

I went to bed, still trying to convince myself I could live without him.

* * * * *

The night was pure hell.

I didn't sleep. I dozed off a couple of times, but the instant I started falling into a deeper sleep, I jerked awake.

I swear, I was sick. It had to be the flu. I was sweating. I was shaking. Hot. Cold. Hot again. I couldn't get comfortable, and I couldn't stay comfortable. When my alarm clock started squealing at six-thirty, I groaned, dragged my heavy, aching, shivering body out of bed, stripped, and stumbled into the bathroom. A long, almost scalding hot shower left my skin tingling. I smelled clean. But I still felt like crap. I briefly considered calling in sick but quickly decided that was a bad idea. I had just started my new job. A job I liked, so far. I didn't want to risk losing it.

Thus, I pulled on my most comfortable work clothes, made myself a big cup of coffee and hurried out to my car. I cranked on the engine, shifted into reverse and hit the gas.

The car lurched backward about three inches then died.

A wave of horror washed through me.

"Please, start," I chanted as I twisted the key. The engine cranked and chugged then shuddered and died. A third attempt got the same results.

I was screwed.

I dug my phone out of my purse and prayed Jill was still at home. She answered on the third ring.

"Hey!" Jill's bouncy voice was too energetic for so early. "What's up? You never call me in the morning."

"My car's dead." My voice, in contrast, was anything but bouncy. I tried the car again. No deal.

"Dead?" Jill echoed.

"Dead."

"Where are you?" she asked.

"At home. In my driveway, trying to resist the urge to blow up my car." I sighed. Hard. Could this day suck any more? "This is only my second week. I need to get to work. And I'm sick, to top it all off. Where are you?"

"I'm on my way into a meeting with a client."

"Damn." I yanked the keys out and kicked open the door. "I guess I'll call into work. Not the best way to start a new job."

"Give me a minute. Let me see what I can do. I'll call you back in five."

"O-okay." I kicked the car door shut.

"Bye."

Standing outside glaring at my car, I dialed my auto club's service number to schedule a tow truck. I listened to the automated greeting. Then I listened to some really tacky music and a sales pitch. Before I had a live customer service rep on the phone, my line rang. I checked the number. Jill. I took a chance and clicked over to see if Jill had been able to do something for me.

"I have a runner on his way," Jill announced.

My problems were solved. For the time being. "Are you kidding? Thank you. I owe you--"

"Don't worry about it. He'll be there in about fifteen."

"You are a lifesaver."

"Just remember this the next time I do something to piss you off," Jill said cheerfully.

"I'll remember, no matter what."

"Good. I'll swing by and pick you up after work tonight and take you home. Love ya! Gotta go."

"Love ya, too! Bye."

I clicked over to the other line. I must have missed the service rep when I was talking to Jill. The call had been cut off. Oh well. I would have to deal with the car later. I leaned against my dead car and checked the time. The runner would be here in fifteen minutes. It would be close, but I just might make it into work on time.

The runner, a young guy who didn't like driving the legal speed limit, was zipping up in front of my condo five minutes earlier than I expected. I didn't have my seatbelt fastened and he was already zooming away.

"Where are we headed?" he asked as he steered out into heavy morning rush hour traffic.

I gave him the directions and he stomped on the gas, shot past a couple of slow-moving cars, cut back into the right lane and somehow managed to get his little car onto the freeway without killing us.

It was the scariest ride of my life. But I made it to work and I renewed my faith in God, thanks to all the praying I did along the way. I thanked my reckless driver, shoved a twenty into his hand, and scurried inside, hitting the elevator button with five minutes to spare.

The chime rang, the doors opened, and...once again, I was face-to-face with my boss. He didn't get out, like I was expecting. I stepped inside the car and stood stiff, staring straight ahead as the doors rolled shut.

"I hope you're liking your new position," he said. His voice was low and sexy, and it still did things to my insides that I didn't want to happen.

"Yes, thank you."

"Good."

My gaze lifted. The number two was illuminated.

I felt him moving closer and shifted my weight forward to try to put more space between us.

"I miss you," he said very softly.

"Please don't."

"Okay."

The rest of the ride he didn't speak at all. It was awkward standing there, in such a close space, and not speaking to him. But I knew this wasn't the time or place to talk about personal stuff.

As the number six lit, he leaned toward me and whispered, "I love you, Bristol."

I practically staggered out of the elevator. I didn't look back as I hurried down the hall. But Shane's words echoed in my ear, over and over again. They distracted me as I tried to learn the new computer system. They plagued me as I sat in the cafe downstairs with Holly and tried to pretend I was interested in hearing about her plans for a trip to Vegas with her boyfriend. They haunted me as I packed up and prepared to leave for the night.

I vowed not to tell Jill what he said when her little sports car zoomed up in front of the building at five-twenty that night.

She waved me in. As I was making myself comfy, she said, "Hey, I hope you don't mind if I just drop you off at home. I have a meeting with a client."

"Sure. That's fine. Thanks for helping me out." I clicked my seatbelt.

She hit the gas, and we zoomed away. "Did you find out what's wrong with your car yet?"

"No. I didn't have a chance to get it towed."

"Okay. I'll be back to pick you up tomorrow morning."

"Thanks. When I get home, I'll call the auto club and get the car towed to a shop. Hopefully it'll be fixed tomorrow."

"Sounds good."

Ten minutes later, we were almost halfway to my place. Traffic was really bad, worse than usual. "You're quiet. Are you okay?"

"I'm all right. It's just a lot to deal with all at once. New job. I caught some kind of bug, the flu, maybe. And now the car."

"Aw hon. Things will turn around. I promise. It has to be extra hard at the new job if you're seeing Shane a lot." Jill looked over her shoulder then steered her car into a tiny opening between two SUV's going a little faster in the left lane. Of course, once we got in the lane, everyone in front of us stomped on their brakes.

I sighed. Loud. And long. "I don't see him a lot. But I have seen every day since I started."

"Is he being a dick?"

"No. Not at all. I talked to him today for just a few minutes. We were in the elevator."

Jill's eyes bugged. "Oh, that had to be hell."

"It was."

"What did he say?" Up ahead, the light turned red, and she hit the brakes. Once she had the car stopped, she flicked me a tell-me look.

I couldn't tell her everything. She would go on a rampage, saying what a jerk he was, and warning me not to let him make me change my mind. "He asked me if I like my new job."

Her eyes narrowed. She was too freaking perceptive. "What else?"

"Not much," I lied. "I tried not to speak to him."

Her squinty eyes became squintier. "There's more. There has to be. What is it? What aren't you telling me?"

Dammit. She was like a hound on the trail of a rabbit. There was no way I could get out of this. "He told me he loves me," I mumbled.

"Oh God. You aren't thinking about going back-"

"No." I pointed at the light, which was now green. "Jill. The light."

She hit the gas and her zoomy little car accelerated. "Maybe it isn't such a good idea for you to work for his company."

"It's the only job I've been able to find."

"I get that. You need a job. But you need to stay away from him. It's like you're addicted to him."

My heart started pounding. She was wrong. I wasn't a pathetic pining little sap. I had developed real feelings for Shane. Deep ones. She needed to respect that. "I'm not addicted, Jill. I love Shane. Like I've never loved a guy before. I hurt inside. All the time, especially when I see him."

"That's not love. You don't love him. You want him. No, I take that back. You are in love with the idea of loving him. You don't actually love him, not the real man, the flawed one with all the baggage. He is incapable of loving you back."

"But he said-"

"He's playing with your head. That bastard." This time when she glanced my way, I let her see how hurt I was feeling. Her expression softened instantly. "I'm going to put out some feelers, see if I can get any leads to another job. You need to sever all ties to that man, or you're never going to get over him. I can't sit by and watch you pine away for a married man."

Married man.

My insides clenched.

She'd said that with such conviction. Had she learned something already? "Is he, Jill? Is he married?"

"Oh, I don't know for sure yet. My guy hasn't been able to confirm it. But I tend to believe the rumors. Marriage between people from different countries is complicated, especially people with money."

My insides did a flip-flop then a twist.

It was possible. Shane might be married.

How many times had he tried to warn me, that he was bad for me? All along I'd thought it was because of the domination and submission stuff or his possessiveness. Could there have been another reason why he'd tried to push me away so many times? Had this been the reason why he'd walked out of my condo and hadn't called me? Did he feel guilty?

As Jill pulled up to my condo, she turned to me and promised, "I'm going to make some calls tonight. As soon as I leave. The sooner you're out of that place--and out of his reach--the better."

Chapter 7

The next day my world collapsed. Every planet in every dimension must have been aligned, because I'd never had so many things go wrong all at once. My car needed hundreds of dollars in repairs. Hundreds of dollars I didn't have (I was going to have to borrow the cash from Jill-which I hated to do). My coffeemaker didn't work. I had no idea what the problem was with it. And I had to take a cold shower, thanks to the pilot going out on my hot water heater again. The only thing that went right was I managed to get to work on time, thanks to Jill. As promised, she zoomed up in her car twenty minutes before I had to be at work. She dropped me off fifteen minutes later.

Adding insult to injury, when I stepped inside Shane intercepted me no more than a minute after I arrived, cornering me in a hallway. He was big and resolute and sexy. And he was determined to talk to me.

I didn't fight him.

He escorted me into a small office that appeared to be unused. It was dark. There was a desk, but no papers, no computers, no signs of life. He closed the door.

Then he locked it.

What was he doing?

I looked into his eyes.

Oh no.

My heart started galloping hard and fast.

I needed to do something. Now. Before it was too late. Before I did something stupid or impulsive.

I grabbed for the doorknob but he blocked my exit.

I said, "Shane, I need to report-"

"I have to speak with you."

I pushed on his big, broad chest. It didn't budge. "Shane, I'm at work. You're the boss. I'm the new girl. I'll get fired. Besides-"

"No one will fire you." He caught my wrists and gathered them into one fist.

A quiver of heat raced through me. Oh God, I loved it when he acted like this, domineering and in control. But at the same time I was torn, conflicted, and nervous. First, I had been telling myself I was better off without him since he'd walked out of my life that night. And I'd almost convinced myself that was true. And second, this was not the time or place to talk about our personal problems. What if someone found us? What excuse could I give my manager that wouldn't get me into trouble?

I twisted my wrists, trying to free them from his vice-like grip. It wasn't working. "That's not the point, Shane."

"Then let me say what I need to say," he snapped, his voice uncharacteristically cold.

It was then that I looked at him, really closely looked.

His hair was a little messier than usual.

And his clothes were a smidge less perfect, his tie knot not quite so neat, his shirt slightly wrinkled.

I stopped trying to pull free. I had to let him speak. Something was wrong. "Fine. Go ahead."

"Someone is following me."

"Okay." Immediately, I remembered Jill's guy. He'd obviously been spotted. I was going to have to call Jill and let her know.

"You might be in danger," he added, looking more than a little concerned.

"Well, thank you for your concern. I'll try to be more careful, but I doubt I'm in any danger. We haven't gone anywhere together in a while. Besides, rumor has it you're marrying Alexis," I told him, intentionally avoiding the topic of the suspected wife in Europe. I didn't care that he might be married to some woman a thousand miles away. Or rather, I didn't want to care.

I reached for the door. This conversation was pointless.

His face turned the shade of bleached linen. Then the color of a ripe cherry. He grabbed my wrists, holding me in place. "Where did you hear that?"

"It was in Friday's paper." I pulled and my arms slipped free. I folded them across my chest. Now I wasn't afraid of anything. I was hurt. And a little angry. He hadn't called. He hadn't given me the courtesy of a proper breakup. He'd just...disappeared. Bastard. "Regardless, I doubt anyone thinks I'm anything to you anymore, other than an employee. After all, that's what I am now, right? An employee?"

"No, of course not. You're more than that." Stepping between me and the door, he reached for me again, but I thrust my arms forward, shoving his chest hard. He stepped back, his eyes searching mine. "You mean...everything to me. I would die if something happened to you."

God, I was so effing confused. Not calling or speaking to me, that was how he showed me I meant everything to him? Bullshit. He was full of shit.

"I have to go." Unwilling to let him trap me, I circled around him, heading for the exit. "But don't worry. Nothing is going to happen to me."

"How can you be so sure?" He stepped closer, forcing me to move back until my butt was pressed against the desk behind me. "How could you know nothing is going to happen to you? You don't." His gaze raked over my face. He was searching. For something. And then he kissed me. Hard. His tongue shoved into my mouth. I was so shocked I froze. I didn't fight. I didn't kiss him back. I just stood there, letting him kiss me, and tried to determine whether this was really happening or not.

Long before my brain started functioning my body responded. My heart started thumping in my chest, sending rushes of hot blood blasting through my system. My head started spinning. My skin tingled as little electrical charges buzzed and zapped up and down my body. Within seconds I was on fire, and all I could do was hold on and ride out the storm.

I felt him lift me at the waist and then I was sitting on something hard. The desk. He pushed my legs apart, and I didn't stop him. I wanted him. I needed him. My tissues were wet and hot and swollen. I ached for his touch.

"Please," I whispered when he broke the kiss. My head fell back. I couldn't hold it up.

"Sssshhhh." He licked and kissed a tickly path down my neck to my collarbone. "Oh God, Bristol. I've missed you."

I shuddered as I felt my clothes being pushed and pulled out of the way. My shirt unbuttoned. My bra unfastened. Big hands weighing my br**sts, tormenting my ni**les until they were aching little points.

My skirt was pushed up, my panties torn at the crotch, and legs forced apart. His erection teased my tissues for a few agonizing seconds before gliding inside to fill me.

It was ecstasy and agony, both. He was holding me again, taking command of my body just like he had before, and I loved how that felt. But every now and then something would click in my head and I would question what I was doing. Thankfully, the experience was too intense, the sensations too strong for those thoughts to stick. I was swept away in a tsunami of pleasure as his rod thrust deep inside, hard, fast, again and again.

"Yes, yes," I chanted as his h*ps slammed forward. "Harder."

He answered my pleas, taking me with a ferocity that had my teeth gritted and pulse racing. His teeth sank into the flesh of my shoulder, the pleasure-pain making my body even hotter, tighter. The first waves of a powerful cl**ax pulsed out from my center, and I bit down on his shoulder to stifle it.

He rammed into me several more times then jerked out, dragged me off the desk and forced me to turn around and bend over it.

"You are mine, Bristol. Mine forever. Only mine." Using moistened fingers, he tested my anus. His fingers slid in, the sensation so glorious, my eyes watered. He pistoned them in and out several times before replacing them with the head of his penis. For the briefest moment, the pain was almost unbearable. I squirmed. I cried. I whimpered. Then, as that pain morphed into ecstasy, I moaned.

He knew exactly what my body needed. Only Shane did. Just as he knew exactly what my heart needed. As he pushed inside my tight hole, he bent over and whispered in my ear, "Marry me, Bristol. Be my wife. I won't live without you anymore. I can't."

My heart felt so light I thought I might take flight and soar to the stars. He loved me. He genuinely loved me. As the wild rush of my cl**ax crashed through my body, I answered his proposal. "Yes, Shane. Yes."

As I quaked and shuddered, my body racked with pleasure so intense it was almost painful, Shane held me tightly, his erection smoothly gliding in and out of my spasming entrance. I knew when he reached his cl**ax. His movements became jerky, his possession feral. His rod swelled within me as it filled with his cum. He growled, pumped deeply and spilled his seed inside me.

Almost immediately, he withdrew his erection and eased me around. "Bristol," he murmured as he gathered me into his arms. He held me there, one hand gently stroking my back. He kissed the top of my head. And I closed my eyes and enjoyed every second.

Then reality hit me. Like a brick.

Oh God.

What had I done?

Not only was I late to work, but I had just had sex in someone's office. But, more importantly, I had just agreed to marry Shane. And I didn't know if he was already married. And he was a total ass**le sometimes. He was jealous. Controlling.

What the hell had I done?

Wriggling, I whispered, "I need to get to work."

"Nobody is going to fire you."

"There are worse things than being fired," I answered as I tipped my head to button my blouse.

He cupped my chin and lifted it. "Once we're married, you won't have to worry about things like that." Brushing my hands aside, he took over the job I had started.

A tiny chill buzzed through my system. Had I just made a huge mistake by saying yes? "What exactly does that mean, Shane?"

"You won't have to work."

"Maybe I want to work."

"Hmmm."

Already I was regretting my hasty, hormone-induced acceptance of his marriage proposal. When we were having sex, Shane and I worked. We worked perfectly. But once we stepped out of the bedroom (or dungeon), things got more complicated.

If I'd just made the mistake of a lifetime, I needed to un-make it. Now. Before it was too late. But first, I wanted some answers. I wanted to know the truth. About everything. "I need to clear up a few things," I said as I smoothed my skirt back in place.

"Go ahead."

"First, I read you're engaged to Alexis."

"The Tribune." At my nod, he explained, "That's a rumor. I've already spoken to the individual who was responsible for starting it. You won't be reading any more articles like that one again."

Something made me trust him on that one, maybe because of the conversation I'd overheard. I suspected Alexis was the "individual" to whom he referred. "I also heard you were responsible somehow for your first wife's death." I tucked my shirt into my skirt and tried to smooth out the wrinkles.

His lips pressed together, and I wondered if he would tell me the truth if it wasn't what he thought I wanted to hear. I waited, a big lump collecting in my throat. Please, please, don't let him say he killed her.

"I was responsible. But not intentionally. I didn't kill her. I ignored the warning signs. I didn't take them seriously. My wife was struggling with depression. She committed suicide. She hung herself. I've always blamed myself. I still do, to a certain degree. She had told me she was going to do it, and I ignored her, thinking she was trying to manipulate me."

"Oh, God," I whispered. The pain in his eyes was almost unbearable to witness. It was no wonder he'd been so afraid to be in a relationship again. To hold someone's life in your hands...he didn't know if he could trust himself. "I'm so sorry."

"My first wife had a disease. I know that now. But it still doesn't take away the fact that I might have been able to stop her if I'd taken her threat seriously."

"A lot of people make that mistake. You can't keep punishing yourself for the rest of your life for that one mistake. An honest mistake."

"Maybe." He didn't sound convinced. Perhaps he never would be able to forgive himself or trust himself. "Is that it? Have I answered your questions?" he asked as he fastened another button.

I wished that was it. "There's one more. God, I hate doing this-"

"No. Ask me. Ask me anything."

"I heard you're still legally married to another woman. Is that true?"

His jaw clenched. "Who told you that?"

Did it matter who told me? I didn't want to risk anyone being fired. "I...overheard a conversation. I...don't remember who. But it doesn't matter. Are you married? Or not?"

His jaw clenched harder. His lips thinned too.

Oh God. It was true. My insides twisted into a one big knot.

He shoved his fingers through his hair, mussing it. "That's not exactly a yes or no question. It's a little more complicated than yes or no, black or white."

More complicated? How? The way I saw it, a person was either married or not. Kind of like pregnant or not. There was no in-between or kind-of.

I inched back, tried to put some more space between us. If my brain was going to function, I needed air, distance. Gently, I pushed his hands away, to finish buttoning my blouse myself. "I don't like the sound of this."

"Okay. I'll try to explain. I married a woman I met while I was traveling. The woman I married is a legal resident of San Marino. I am not. I'm a US resident. There was some conflicting information about which country's laws we were being held to because I did not acquire residency of San Marino after marrying." He took my hands in his and eased them down to my sides. For some crazy reason, I let him. He went back to buttoning my shirt. "But my attorneys have looked into it. They told me in the US the marriage is not legal. In San Marino it is."

What did this mean? I was so confused. How could he be married in one place but not another? "I don't understand. Please, put it in plain English."

"Technically I am still married if I return to San Marino. But I have no plans of returning there."

"What about divorcing?" I suggested as I tried to piece all this confusing information together. "Couldn't you file for a divorce?"

"As the legal resident, the woman I married there must be the one to file. She won't." Having finished the last button, he tugged on the bottom of my shirt, pulling it out of my skirt again and smoothing it out. "There you are. As good as new. Except the panties. I'll buy you more." Placing his hands on my shoulders, he leaned forward and brushed his lips across mine. "I love you, Bristol. I love you so much it hurts. I tried to stay away. My life is so f**ked up. I knew you'd be better off. But I couldn't."

I didn't respond. I wanted to say I loved him too. But something was clogging my throat.

"What's wrong?" he asked. "Is it because I didn't call or come over? I did that because I knew if I saw you again, I wouldn't have the courage or strength to walk away."

I glanced at my watch. Ohmygod, I was over a half hour late. "I have to go." I lunged for the door.

"Don't worry about the time." He caught my shoulders and turned me around to face him. "No one is going to say a word to you about being late. If we need to talk, then we're going to talk. This is too important to put off. This is more important than business."

It was. I didn't disagree with that statement, but I couldn't shove aside the worry that my coworkers were going to be furious once they found out the boss was covering for me. "We can talk later."

"No. Now."

"Shane, I'm an employee of this company-"

"For now."

I didn't like that. This was the second time he'd mentioned my employment being temporary. "Are you planning on having me fired?"

"No, that's not what I meant." His hands skimmed down my arms, stopping just above the elbows. "You're getting too defensive, Bristol. I love you. I want you to be happy. If that means working a job here, then you can continue to work. But I thought you might like to take a break. We could go away for a month or two, travel. Where would you like to go? Tell me. We can go anywhere...well, except San Marino, of course."

"I don't know. For now, I'd like to go to work."

"Don't worry. I'll call your manager and tell her you were in a meeting with me. She won't hold it against you."

That didn't ease my worries. Not at all.

Chapter 8

I saw him the minute I pulled up to my condo. In my car. My repaired car. It was amazing how quickly almost six hundred dollars worth of repairs could be finished. At that kind of hourly rate, I was thinking I needed to consider a career change.

Speaking of change, my visitor was my brother, Branden. And he didn't look like he had the last time I'd seen him. He looked clean. He looked healthy. He was wearing decent clothes.

Had he finally turned his life around?

He watched me get out of my car. When I came toward him he smiled. His broken tooth, the front one--fractured in a fight when he was drunk--wasn't broken anymore.

"Branden. What a surprise. You look great."

"Thanks. So do you." He shouldered the wall as I unlocked my door.

I motioned him in. "What's going on?"

"I've been sober for almost a year," he said, sounding proud. He followed me inside.

A year? In the past, a week would have been something to celebrate. "That's great! A year. Wow!"

"I feel really great, better than I have ever felt."

"I'm so glad." I kicked off my shoes and headed to my bedroom to change. I lifted an index finger, and he nodded. In my room, I closed my purse in a drawer (an old habit from his hardcore drinking days) and changed into a pair of yoga pants and a t-shirt. When I came out, I found him standing in the kitchen. "Are you hungry?" I asked.

He shook his head. "Nope. I was just checking out your place. It looks great. Weren't the walls white before?"

"They were. But I didn't think you'd noticed." I brushed past him, grabbed a frozen dinner out of the freezer and unwrapped it. "Are you sure you don't want something to eat?"

"No thanks. I just had something on the way over."

"Where are you living?" I asked as I ripped open the packaging for my gourmet meal. Mushroom tortellini. Yum. I hoped.

"I've been at a long term alcohol treatment center up in Muskegon."

"I'm so happy to see you looking so well." After sticking the little plastic tray of frozen noodles in the microwave, I opened the refrigerator, grabbed a bottle of diet cola and offered it to my brother.

He declined. "No thanks." He motioned toward the sink. "But I'd be grateful for a glass of water."

"Sure." I grabbed a glass, filled it with ice and ran the tap for a few seconds to give it a chance to cool down. Then I filled it and handed it to him.

"Thanks." He sat at my breakfast counter and sipped. "I've been thinking about you a lot lately."

"I've been thinking about you, too." I poured myself a glass of cola and sipped.

He set the glass down with a light tap. "We do a lot of thinking in counseling. Thinking about what we've done, who we've hurt. I hurt you. A lot."

"It's all in the past, Branden."

"I'm sorry." Looking regretful, my brother shook his head. "I can't offer any excuses. There are none for what I did."

"It's in the past." Talking to this man today, this healthy, sound-minded man, was so strange and thrilling. There'd been so many times when I thought it wouldn't ever be possible for him to get sober, let alone stay sober. He'd stolen from me, physically assaulted me, threatened me. All while intoxicated. And no matter what program he'd been on, he'd failed to stay clean for more than a few weeks.

But now...had it really been a year since he'd had a drink? Or was he lying? I did another head-to-toe. No, he couldn't be lying.

"I've forgiven you," I added, hoping I would never see him drunk again.

He took another swallow of the water and smiled. For the first time in ages, I saw an attractive, intelligent man when I looked at him. Not a walking, barely functioning, pathetic disaster. "You're a bigger person than me. Thanks."

The buzzer on the microwave rang, and I pulled out the warm plastic tray and stirred the noodles and sauce. It smelled pretty good. I hoped it tasted good too. With my finances being in ruins lately, I'd cut way back on my food budget, sticking with super cheap meals. This frozen dinner was a luxury, one I really shouldn't have splurged on. "What brought you to this side of town?"

"A job interview."

Carrying my expensive tray of frozen noodles, I took a seat next to him at the breakfast bar. "Great! What kind of job is it?"

"The company is Professional Delivery. I'll be working in the warehouse, sorting freight."

"Sounds really great." I caught the look in my brother's eye as I stirred my meal. "Are you sure you aren't hungry?"

"Positive. Though that looks delicious." He stood, his mostly full glass in his hand. "Thanks for the water."

Was he leaving? Already? He hadn't asked me for any money. He hadn't asked me for any favors. I couldn't remember the last time we had just talked. "You're welcome."

"I should get going. They lock the house after eight, and it's a long drive back home. I don't want to get kicked out."

"I'm glad you stopped by." I followed him to the door. "Let me know if you get the job."

"I will." His expression brightened. "I just wanted you to see me like this for once. I always wanted you to be proud of me. Always. Even when we were kids."

"I am, Branden. I'm proud."

"Thanks." He grabbed the doorknob, glanced at the door. "There is one favor I'd like to ask."

My mood dimmed a tiny bit. Now this was a little more like the old Branden, the one I knew all too well. The one I didn't like, even if I did love him. "What's that?"

"I need a personal reference for the job. Can I use you?"

"A personal reference?" I repeated as I pondered his request. This was a touchy subject. If I told a potential employer the whole truth, he might not get a job.

"All you have to do is answer a couple of questions. Honestly. They know about my past. The program helped me get the interview."

I tried to hide the huge sigh of relief that puffed out of me. "In that case, sure. I'll do it."

"Thanks." He hugged me. It felt so strange. I couldn't remember the last time he'd hugged me. Years and years. He twisted the knob. "I'll let you know when I hear something."

"Good luck."

He stepped out, halted as if something or someone in the hallway had stopped him. He tossed a wave over his shoulder and headed down the hall.

That someone, who turned out to be Jill, stepped into my line of sight, giving me a curious look as she approached. When she cleared the doorway, she peered back out. "Who was that?"

"That was Branden. My brother. You've met him before."

Her eyes widened. "That was your brother?" She poked her head out the door again. "I don't remember him looking like that before."

I waited until her head was safely inside before closing the front door. "Yes, well that's because I don't think he's ever looked like that before," I said as I returned to my cooling pasta.

"He had some problems, right?" she asked as she followed me. "You don't talk about him much. But I remember you said something about him being in trouble."

I sat at the breakfast bar and stabbed a noodle. "Alcohol. It was bad. At one point he was homeless." I slid the pasta into my mouth, and it filled with delicious flavor. Cream. Garlic. A hint of bacon. Cheese. Ah, so much better than Ramen noodles.

"Wow. Looks like he's turning his life around." Using her fingers, Jill helped herself to one of my noodles, popped it into her mouth and made a funny face. "What is this stuff? It's nasty."

Nasty? Oh, how soon we forget. When Jill was going to school, she lived on food a lot nastier than this. I shrugged away her comment about my dinner. "It looks like my brother has finally gotten his crap together. He said it's been a year since he's had a drink."

"Was it a surprise, him coming to see you?" Jill helped herself to a swallow of my cola too.

"Are you hungry? Thirsty? There's a bottle of cola in the fridge. Help yourself."

"Thanks." Jill hopped up and headed for the refrigerator.

"While she filled a glass with ice and cola, I said, "I haven't seen him in a couple of years. He's applying for a job and wanted to ask me to be a personal reference."

"You are going to help him, aren't you?" Jill returned to her seat next to me, where my brother had been sitting.

"Yes."

"I hope he gets the job."

"Me too."

She pointed at the plastic tray that was already about half-empty. "Are you really going to eat that crap?"

"It isn't crap. It's..." I studied it. "It's... some kind of pasta meal with...some kind of meat."

"Yum. Mystery meat."

We shared a laugh at that one, an old joke. College cafeteria food.

"Anyway, I have some information for you. My guy was able to track down a woman in San Marino who claims to be the legal wife of Shane Trant."

No surprise there. "Okay. Speaking of your guy--"

"At this point, that's all I have. He is doing some more digging."

I knew I should tell her that Shane himself had explained the whole situation. It would save her money, time, too. But I was too chicken to admit I'd talked to him. "Um, I don't think I need to know any more. Really. You should just call him off now, save yourself the money."

"You're taking this well. Better than I would." Jill tipped her head. "You're really moving on, aren't you?" When I didn't respond, she gave me a nudge. "I'm proud of you. I figured by now you would crumble and go back to him."

I had. I'd crumbled worse than a cookie crushed under a brick.

Jill's smile widened. "You're finally getting on with your life, putting that jerk behind you. You deserve so much better than him. There's this guy at work who wants to meet you--"

Oh God. "Jill, no offense, but you're a better lawyer than matchmaker."

"But he's a great guy. Insanely good looking. Smart. Funny. Super sweet."

Crap. I had to tell her. She wasn't going to stop trying to fix me up. "I saw him today. I saw Shane." Inside, I cringed. I knew what was coming.

"Did you speak to him?"

"Actually...I did a lot more than that."

Getting the gist of my hint, Jill thinned her lips and slanted squinty eyes at me. "You screwed him."

"I...we...he asked me to marry him."

"He did what?" Jill's eyes widened to at least twice their normal size. "Please tell me you laughed in his face." She lifted a hand. "No, I don't want to hear it. I don't want to know." She gave me a pitty-filled look. "Dammit, you just can't do it, can you? You can't get that ass**le out of your life."

I shook my head. "There's something between us. It's hard to explain."

"I just hope you'll be okay when he breaks your heart. Because he's going to." She heaved a big, exaggerated sigh. "I'll be here. When it's over. You can count on me."

Just the way I wanted to go into a marriage, with my best friend already talking about when it would end.

I hadn't even started planning the wedding.

The knock on the door had my best friend scowling. She clamped her lips tight and eyed the door.

I told her, "I'm not expecting Shane tonight."

"Hmph." She grumbled something else. I couldn't make it out. That was probably a good thing.

Wondering if it was Shane knocking, I went to the door and opened it.

That wasn't Shane. "Branden."

"My car died. I've called the auto club. They've towed it to a shop, but the shop won't get to it until tomorrow morning. I hate to impose, but..."

"Of course you can stay here." Stepping aside, I waved my brother inside. Leaning close, I whispered, "But what about the home? Will you get into trouble?"

He smiled at me. "Taken care of. I called in. All I have to do is show them the receipt from the garage and a short note from you, stating that I stayed with you."

"Sure. I can do that."

Jill cleared her throat, and his gaze shot to her.

Jill's eyes twinkled.

My brother's eyes twinkled.

It seemed I was witnessing some chemistry.

I hoped Branden really was sober, for Jill's sake.

I motioned toward Jill. "Branden, I'm sure you remember my friend Jill."

"Jill?" Strolling over to her, he extended a hand. "It's good to see you again."

"Yes. Good to see you too." Her gaze wandered up and down his tall frame as they shook hands. "It's been a long time."

"Yes. Years."

He was still holding her hand.

Feeling like the third wheel, I grabbed my half-eaten dinner and quietly headed to my room. I wasn't convinced my brother had completely turned his life around yet. Even if what he said was true, he was only one year sober. Plenty of addicts went back to drinking after just a year of sobriety. He couldn't be ready for a serious relationship, which was what Jill was looking for. But I wasn't going to get in the way if they wanted to get reacquainted.

Jill's high-pitched laughter echoed in the hall. When Branden had been sober, he had been a lot of fun. He had a silly sense of humor and was intelligent. I had not only loved the boy he had been before he'd taken that first drink. I had also liked him. I liked spending time with him, laughing, playing, sharing secrets and dreams. Although I loved the man he'd been after, I didn't like him. All the good things about my brother had been swallowed up by his addiction. Wouldn't it be wonderful if I could finally have him back the way he was?

In my room, I poked around on the internet on my phone, checking out bridal registry information and wedding chapels and ate my dinner.

It hit me then, as I was looking at pictures of happy couples, brides and grooms. I was going to get married.

I was marrying Shane.

A little niggle of something in my belly made me pause. Was I making the mistake of a lifetime, like Jill thought? As much as I suffered when I was away from Shane, would that be enough? Would that inexplicable draw be strong enough to last a lifetime?

God, was I scared.

My phone rang. It was Shane's ringtone. I poked the button.

"Hi, minx."

Ah, that low rumbly voice. Just like that, I felt all the tension and unease melt away. Maybe I was worrying unnecessarily. Perhaps we had more going for us than some transient emotion.

"Shane." I felt myself smiling.

"I have something for you. Can I bring it over?"

Last time he'd come to my place, he'd let himself in uninvited. By calling ahead of time, he was showing me some respect. "Sure."

"I'll be there in five."

Five minutes.

I hustled into the bathroom, brushed my teeth, fluffed my hair and cleaned up a bit. By the time I was done, Shane was knocking on the front door.

I scurried past Branden and Jill making out on the couch. They worked fast.

Quietly, I opened the door.

Shane looked amazing, as usual. It blew my mind, how quickly I forgot how handsome he was. He beamed at me then slid a glance at the action going on behind me. He scowled. "Maybe we should go somewhere else, where we can have some privacy? This won't take long."

"Sure. Let me grab my purse." I went back to my bedroom, got my purse from the drawer and crept out. Jill and Branden were oblivious to my leaving. I locked them in.

As we headed out, Shane took my hand in his. It was a sweet gesture, one he hadn't done before. I glanced down at our joined hands.

"I missed you," he explained.

"It hasn't been that long." Stopping beside his car, I turned my back to the vehicle.

He leaned into me. "An hour is too long. Fifteen minutes is too long."

He was being corny. I liked it. "Where are we going?" I asked as I slipped into the passenger seat of his zoomy black car.

"Just taking a little drive." After closing my door, he hustled around the vehicle to slip into his seat. He shot me a bone-melting smile then started the car. Off we went. Westbound. Shane placed a hand on my knee as he drove. The touch felt right. Better than right.

I tucked one leg underneath my butt and turned to face him. "You're quiet. Is everything okay?"

"Yes. Absolutely." The car turned. We weren't far from my mother's old place. "I thought you'd like to see the progress on the house."

"I saw it not too long ago."

"The crew has been working hard." We pulled into the driveway, and he cut off the engine. He lifted an index finger then got out and opened my door. Acting a bit strange--tense and anxious--he took my hand in his again and led me up the front walk. He unlocked the door, opened it.

I stepped inside.

It was different.

It was beautiful.

"Ohmygod," I said as I gaped, my eyes jumping from one thing to another. The foyer and living room were still in the same place, but everything else about them was changed. The floor in the foyer was some kind of stone tile. White with grey veins, maybe marble. The walls were a crisp white. The intricate staircase railing was stained a dark brown, almost black. Overhead hung a crystal chandelier, not too big, not too small.

"What do you think?" Shane led me to the left, into the living room. There were some walls missing, making the space feel more open. I could see straight back to the open concept kitchen.

"This is gorgeous. How did you get it done so quickly?"

"It's amazing what can be accomplished when you hire the right people. Just tell me you like it."

"I love it. Love, love, love it. Wow." I meandered into the living room, letting my hand run across the back of the couch. The fabric was soft. Really soft.

"I want to show you something else." Gently, he pulled me toward the kitchen which didn't resemble the old kitchen in any way. Where the old one had been tired looking and slightly dingy, the new fixtures, appliances and finishings were sparkling clean, gorgeous. The counter was a stone of some kind, smooth, cool to the touch. "This way." Continuing on, he headed for a set of French doors. We stepped outside into an oasis. I was standing on a deck that hadn't existed just a few short weeks ago. Above my head was a wood pergola structure, and stretched out in front of me was a well-manicured garden, newly landscaped with trees, flowers and lush grass.

It was breathtaking, like a picture out of a book.

"Is this the same backyard?" I asked. "It can't be."

"It is."

"I'm blown away." The grass looked so green and plush, like a carpet. "Is it okay to walk on it?"

"Of course."

I had to feel that lawn under bare feet. I steadied myself against the deck railing as I pulled off my shoes. Shane placed a hand on my waist to help me. It was a sweet gesture, so like him when he was at his best.

The minute I had my shoes off, I padded down the stairs and stepped onto the grass.

It was so soft it didn't feel real. It felt like satin. Cool, smooth satin. "Ohhh. I've never felt grass like this." Bending down, I ran my hand over the blades.

Shane gently pushed me down until I was lying flat on my back. His hands were palm down, arms holding his upper body off mine. My head was trapped between his arms. My heart was trapped in my throat.

His cool eyes looked bright in the brilliant daylight, but still I could see shadows darkening them. Secrets. Things he couldn't tell anyone, not even me. "The day I make you mine will be the happiest day of my life."

I believed him. My heart soared, and I knew that we could work through whatever problems came up. He loved me. More than life. More than anything.

And I loved him.

I loved him. I loved his many good qualities. His loyalty. His passion. His commitment.

And I loved him, despite his faults.

"Shane," I said, tears gathering in my eyes. "I...love you."

His smile was more brilliant than the sun blazing overhead. "I promise you, I will show you each and every day how grateful I am to have you in my life." He bent down and ravaged my mouth, kissing me fiercely. His tongue plunged inside, stroked, claimed, possessed. His hands skimmed down my arms, curled around my wrists and held them like shackles. "My Bristol. Mine. Forever."

I writhed beneath him. My body was burning up. I craved his touch, his possession. Here. Now. "Yes, yours, Shane. Yours forever."

He sat upright, gazed down at me as I struggled to catch my breath. "This isn't how I imagined it would be. But I couldn't help myself. I never can when I'm with you." Shifting to one knee, he helped me sit up. "That's a little better." He slid a hand into his pocket. He pulled it out.

There was a box in it. A small black velvet box.

"Oh God," I whispered.

"Bristol, I need you. More than my next breath. More than life itself. I never wanted to need someone. Needing is terrifying. It's strange to me, foreign. I tried to walk away. Hell, I tried to run away. But I couldn't do it. I couldn't live without you." He pulled up the top, revealing a ring with a huge sparkling diamond. "You've turned my world upside down. Everything is different now. I can't do anything without thinking about you."

Never had I heard such beautiful words. He meant them. Every single one. There could be no doubt.

"There isn't a single person or thing I've loved that I haven't lost. I'm terrified. But I have to take this chance with you. I love you. I need you. Please tell me I won't have to live another day without you."

I don't know how long I sat there staring into his eyes. It might have been a few seconds. It might have been a few hours. I was speechless, lost in the shadows in his eyes. But eventually I found the words I needed to say to him.

"Shane, I have always been yours, and I will always be yours. There's no reason to be afraid. My heart, my soul, they belong to you. I've been scared too. I tried to run. But I couldn't stay away any more than you could. You see? We belong together. We both know it, even if we didn't always want to admit it."

His eyes teared up. His lips curved into a sweet smile. "Thank you." He plucked the ring from the box and slid it on my finger.

It fit perfectly.

My doubts evaporated.

Shane was not perfect. He was flawed. He was scared. He was human. But the flaws and fear and humanity were what made him perfect for me.

Soon I would be this man's partner. His wife. His lover. His friend. And his submissive.

"We'll start our life together here. In this house. Where it all began," he said as he pulled me into his arms. "We'll start a family of our own."

I sank into his embrace and closed my eyes. The image of a beautiful little girl flashed in my head. With long dark bouncy curls and wide, dark expressive eyes.

His child.

Our child.

The perfect expression of our flawed, imperfect love.

The End

