One

My shoes felt like they were made of lead as I climbed the steps to our front door. I was suddenly utterly drained. Dazed by the ordeal of pushing a million dollars under a ferry seat, I numbly recognized that it wasn't over yet. Still, I wanted to go up to my childhood room and pull the covers over my head like I used to do when I was eight years old. Everyone knows nothing can harm you when the covers are pulled up all the way.

Tristan was waiting for me when I reached the top of the flight. He gathered me into his arms and I wept quietly onto his strong chest. In spite of everything, the warmth and the scent of him was as much of a homecoming as standing at my parents' door.

"It's okay, now. It's done. We won't have to wait long, I know it." His words sounded so sure. As he enveloped me in his embrace, I wanted to believe him. More than anything I wanted to accept that if he said it, it must be so. He kissed my throbbing temples and pressed his lips to my forehead before we joined my father and the entourage of cops, plainclothes agents, bodyguards and private eyes all waiting for the safe return of my mother, Marjorie Harding, beloved wife and cherished mother.

Tristan was right, again and as usual. Mom trundled up the steps a few short minutes after I got home. I think everyone was a little surprised. They must have held her somewhere close to the house. I watched her fall into my father's arms to cry and be cradled much as I had done with Tristan just moments before. The similarity made me inexplicably sad.

I gave them a moment before I claimed my mother's hug and we both boo-hoo'ed with relief and release. "Mom, I was so worried. Are you okay? Did they treat you okay?"

My resilient mother smiled at me. "Raina, as kidnappings go, that was probably not a bad one." She turned to the group of men who had politely hung back to give her time with family before the barrage of questions came. "You all might as well hear what I have to say. I have to admit I'm a bit exhausted so I'd like to get this over with, if you don't mind."

Tristan guided me to the couch and sat down beside me. He reached onto my lap to clasp my hand in his. I hung on to the strength of it. I had no choice.

"Gentlemen, I was blindfolded and taken for a long ride. There were many, many turns. I could have been going around the block or I could have been taken anywhere within an hour's ride of here. I heard the sound of bridges underneath the car, and I heard lots of traffic some of the time and little at others. I don't think that the car I was in ever got on an expressway." George put a glass of water in front of her and she gratefully took a long draw from the glass.

"The men who took me didn't talk much at all along the way. Until I reached the place they held me, I remained blindfolded. When the blindfold was removed, I was in a windowless room with a table and chair, a cot and a bathroom with a sink and toilet--no shower. A young lady took care of me while I was there. I calculate by the number of meals that it was three days." Several of her listeners nodded. "I can give you a detailed description of the girl later; I had plenty of chances to study her face. They fed me really good Italian food and the young lady was extremely polite. This morning, I was blindfolded once again, taken from the room and back into the car. And, again, I think we rode around for about an hour. If the route was the same, I don't know."

She turned and took my father's hand. "Now, if you don't mind, I'm going to take my husband upstairs where he is going to wait for me to take a long hot shower. Then I am going to get in my bed and rest in his arms until I feel up to answering your questions."

Mom didn't wait for a response. She led my father up the stairs, hand in hand, just like I had seen them a thousand times. Tristan squeezed my hand and leaned close to whisper in my ear. "We're going to go and do the same."

"Tristan, I can't leave this house right now!"

"I think Marjorie deserves some time alone. There's no reason she and Don can't have a few hours of peace." He turned to the group of men now at loose ends. "I think you've gotten all the evidence from here that you're going to find. Leave the security to my men and Archie will call you when Mrs. Harding is ready to talk in more detail." I think the cops were happy to take his suggestion. These were not men who enjoyed sitting around waiting.

He turned to Archie and the Laotian bodyguards. "Can you fellow make yourselves fairly invisible? You know what I mean." The men nodded. "Archie, call me when you hear from Mrs. Harding and we'll take it from there. Kwan, bring the car around."

"It's right outside the door, boss."

It wasn't lost on me that even in a group of tough NYPD officers, FBI agents, deadly bodyguards and a private eye, Tristan took control and no one questioned him.

He took my hand and guided me out the door and down the steps. I kept looking over my shoulder toward the door expecting to see my mother and father calling me back inside. But at that moment, the only person either of them was thinking about was the other. I understood.

"Your parents are so lucky to have one another," Tristan remarked as we settled into the back seat of the waiting car.

"They have a rare bond," I agreed. I wanted to talk about love. I wanted to talk about the decision I had made on the way back from the pier in the taxi. I wanted to suck up the guts to tell him that I couldn't be happy with him, not in the way I wanted to be happy. The kind of happy my parents had.

"I think we have a rare bond. Perhaps not the same kind of bond, but unique all the same." Tristan had a way of sensing my thoughts and setting up a pre-emptive argument. Usually, but not always that included an element of seduction. He knew exactly how to use the fact that I found him compellingly irresistible to move us to safer ground. Not that I found sex with him safe. Tristan had shown me time and again that he could get me to expose my most intimate self. He had also demonstrated a talent for taking me to daring heights I could not have anticipated.

He stretched his legs out in front of him, cat-like, and placed a hand on mine. His skin glowed with our recent days in the sun, tawny as a Siamese. I was emotionally exhausted and the small gesture was comforting. The bond we shared had seen me through my mother's ordeal and I knew I should be grateful for having had Tristan beside me.

I closed my eyes and he held my hand on as Kwan meandered across the river and into the bustle of Manhattan. When we reached Tristan's apartment he offered me a hot bath.

"A good long soak will do you good. I'll pop out for a few moments and pick up some lunch." He practically forced me into his master bathroom and handed me a stack of fluffy towels. "After lunch, if you're up to it, I think we should talk."

Was he reading my mind? Did he know I was going to drop a bombshell on him as soon as I could suck up the courage to say what I had to say?

The steaming water swirled around me when I pressed the button for the Jacuzzi. The bubbles felt marvelous as they tickled away the tension of my morning. I was sad, but in a resigned way. In the kind of way that finally admits the truth. I could--I had to--live without him for sanity's sake.

I slipped my head under the water and listened to the sound of the churning water. There was a part of me that wanted to just stay submerged forever. Suddenly life had become a lot heavier. In France, I had allowed myself to be swept into his world. It was a pretty carefree world, when you got right down to the nut. He immersed himself in pleasure and beauty and, as long as his back wasn't up against the wall, he was carefree.

Carefree didn't seem natural to me. I cared a great deal and about a great many things. I cared about family, about friends, about the direction of my life and, ultimately, I cared about finding the kind of love that walked up the stairs, hand in hand.

Fluffy, thick towels, marble bathtubs with champagne bubbled water, naked walks on foreign beaches, foie gras and leaf wrapped cheese weren't really part of my world. As I dried myself, I thought how much more I was about a grilled cheese sandwich on white bread and a stroll in Central Park. I was Marjorie and Don Harding's daughter, grounded and ordinary. I had let myself be swept away and I forgave myself, but it was time to get back in control.

Instead of putting on one of the pair of bathrobes that hung on a warming rack near the door, I dressed in my clothes again. Tristan was far too practiced with robes, that much I knew. He was laying food out on the coffee table when I emerged from the bedroom.

"I've got killer sandwiches from Dean and Deluca. Are you starved?" He put a platter of goodies on the table. "I sure am."

"I am hungry. It looks delicious." Anything I had to say to him could wait until after we ate. Besides, I loved watching him eat. He took the same kind of sensual pleasure in his appetite for food as he did with his other appetites. When he consumed a meal, he was utterly committed to it. I loved the way he considered every morsel, savored all the flavors even in the simple things like a deli sandwich.

We had our lunch in quiet companionship. It was ironic to me that just as Tristan seemed to be getting more comfortable with me; I was preparing to put the brakes on. At one point, he looked up at me over a bite of pastrami on rye.

"You're looking lost in thought."

"I have a lot to think about."

"I know. I've been doing some thinking too." He put his quarter sandwich down on the plate and continued. "First, your Dad's not out of the woods yet. Even though I believe, along with the FBI and Archie, that the union guys aren't responsible for Marjorie's kidnapping, they are still very much out there."

I hadn't really thought much about my father's assailants. I guess the relief of having Mom safe sort of pushed that ugly truth out of my mind.

"I think we may yet have to face a confrontation on that issue. I've got some folks working in the back rooms to see if there's a peaceful way to get them to back off that will satisfy your father and the unions."

Dear Tristan. He never stopped. "Thanks," I murmured.

"But there's another thing I know has to be weighing on you."

Will he actually bring it up? Is he going to finally broach the unmentionable--our relationship?

"We have utterly neglected the subject of your employment. I promised you when you went with me to France that I would make up for missing those interviews." Another thing that had been relegated to the cobweb infested corner of my mind. How could I have forgotten?

"Here's the thing," he went on. "I think the best course of action is for you to have your own business. Being your own boss is the only way for you to be free enough to ... free enough for ..."

"For what, Tristan?" I wanted to hear him say it.

"Free to be with me. Okay? I don't want you tied down to a nine to five situation. I want you to be able to close the door and walk away when I ... when we want to get away."

"I see." I looked him square in those hazel forest eyes that threatened to tear my resolve into tiny pieces. "You want to find me a business that will allow me to be at your beck and call."

"I didn't say that. I thought we both wanted to be able to spend time together, that's all."

"I don't know. Is that what we both want?"

"What's gotten into you? You're awfully hostile all of a sudden."

I looked at him and softened. He wasn't really a mind reader. He was trying to help my parents and help me find my way in a city that didn't give a lot of breaks. "I don't mean to be hostile, Tristan. It's just that you've never actually asked me what it is I want."

"Okay, I'm asking now."

I drew in a long courage-building breath. "I think it's easier for me to tell you what I don't want. I don't want to live only in the moment. I don't want to feel that asking you about where we're going is a criminal offense. I don't want to never be able to expect anything from you ... from us. I don't want to be with a man whose past is forever kept behind a veil."

"Oh. I guess then it's my turn to say, 'I see'." He began to mechanically fold up the refuse from lunch. He shoved the last uneaten part of his sandwich viciously into the bag and stood up with the trash in his hands. Wordlessly, he walked to the kitchen and I heard the thump and thwack of the bag hitting the trash shute and the door slamming back in place.

When he returned, there was a lot less light in his leafy eyes. He sat down next to me and gently took my hands in his. "Raina, I'm sorry. Very sorry. I hope you will let me see through the situation with your parents and help you find a position. It's the least I can do."

"That's it? That's all you have to say?" I was shocked. I had been kidding myself that somehow he would want to make it right. To open up, to bend a little.

He stood up and kissed my forehead with a softness that brought tears to my eyes. "I'm going to my office for the afternoon. Stay as long as you like. Kwan will be downstairs when you're ready to go back to your house. I'll be in touch ... later." Then he was gone.

Two

My room seemed small, shabby and like it belonged to a little girl. I felt like a little girl. A lost one.

I didn't mention the 'scene' with Tristan to my parents. By the time I got home it was dinner time and Mom was back in her place at the stove, throwing together a nice supper for Dad and I. I gave them both a big hug and fled upstairs hoping that my devastating sadness wasn't written all over my face. They needed some peace and happiness, not my self-pity to bring them down.

I soaked my pillow with some hot tears of frustration and anger. I had blown it big time and deserved to have Tristan cut me out of his life. The man had been kind, generous and totally up front about himself and I just couldn't leave it alone. I didn't have the emotional maturity to deal with a man like Tristan King. I was a bad cliche. The girl who just has to push until she pushes the one man she really wants out of her life.

I was surprised when my father told me he had talked to Tristan that afternoon. He blithely related what a great guy Tristan was. That he was handling the union problem with subtlety and real street smarts. Tristan had informed Dad that even though there were plenty of witnesses to the beating, none of them would testify publicly.

"Damn cowards, every one," my father fumed. "Tristan says that even though we know, beyond a doubt, who the guys are and where they are, our hands are tied. Tristan wants to set them up--a sting--and get them on tape."

"I hope you told him to find another star for his show," my mother said.

"Are you kidding? I'm the only logical one. Tristan said ..."

"Dad, can we just stop with 'Tristan said' and 'Tristan wants'? Please?" I really didn't need to hear much more about wonder-boy. My mother shot me a strange look

"Did you and Tristan have a fight?" she asked me.

"No, mother. We didn't have a fight. We just want different things. Okay?" I pushed myself away from the table. "It's been a long and mostly rotten day. If you'll excuse me, I'm going to bed."

My phone mocked me from the nightstand. I couldn't will it to ring. I couldn't, by sheer force of thought make Tristan dial my number and say "We need to talk" or "I've changed my mind" or any number of things I so wanted to hear.

I tried to put him out of my mind. I was actually watching South Pacific on the classic movie channel. It was corny and old, old school. It was even an old movie by my parents' standards. I had forgotten the night Tristan and I first made love in Brian's loft. But it all came back to me when Rossano Brazzi started to sing "Some Enchanted Evening". When he got to the end and sang "then fly to her side, and make her your own, or all through your life you may dream all alone" I started to cry again.

"Is that what you want, Tristan?" I asked the empty room. "You want to dream all alone? What a fucking waste," I sobbed. My American Girl dolls all looked down from the shelf at me and I imagined they felt sorry for me. I cried harder, wishing I could go back to a time when my biggest concern was whether I'd get the outfits and furniture for them that I asked for for Christmas.

It was still early when I fell into a teary, exhausted sleep, snubbing into the wet pillow as the last of my impotent sobs resided. I woke up at eleven thirty, then two, then three. I fought the urge to get up and tossed back into a fitful sleep.

***

"It's your turn. I'm going to do anything I want to your body..." Tristan whispered into my neck with soft nuzzles of his warm nose against my skin. His lips brushed against my collar bone and the silky skin under my chin. A flutter of response tickled through my entire body as he moved further down to my breasts.

I felt him take the first nipple tightly in his mouth and pull hard on my tautness, straining against him for more. Twisting the other nipple hard between his thumb and forefinger, he raked his teeth around the one in his mouth and I cried out in the pleasure-pain of exquisite sharpness. He knew how excited his fierce attention made me, how aroused I became when he was rough and lust driven against my tender tips.

He slipped down across my belly and left a trail of bruising kisses against my torso, nibbling and sucking my flesh. As he made his way down he rasped out words dripping with heat.

"Oh, how I'm going to fuck you. My cock is ready to explode on you, in you, all over you." He lunged into my pussy and suckled there as if he would draw the life from me with his urgency. My clit rose to meet him, erect and straining for the pleasure of his tongue against it.

"Tell me what you want," he commanded and I answered him.

"Touch me, lick me, eat me, Tristan. I want to come against your tongue." Saying the words to him, aloud, made me want to spread my legs further to him. I wanted to be exposed and vulnerable. Tristan held my pussy up against his mouth and flicked my clit back and forth as I began to move against his mouth, bucking and pushing toward what I knew would be a crashing orgasm.

Without warning, Tristan flipped my body over onto my stomach and I felt him tie my hands behind my back. He lifted me roughly from the bed and pushed me into a chair beside the bed. He bound each of my ankles to the legs of the big armchair and I sat there, stunned and splayed out, unable to move. I watched his naked body swiftly cross to the night stand where he retrieved another cloth.

He stood in front of me, his erect cock face level. His smile was fiendish as he took his hard member and smacked it around my cheeks and mouth. I could feel the warmth and then the coolness as he rubbed the escaping drop of moisture from the head over my skin.

He tied the cloth around my face, gagging me. He tied it snug and I had to breathe deeply through my nose to get enough oxygen. I'm sure my eyes widened in fear. I'd never seen him this way. Even at his most dominant, he was never mean.

"I can see your excitement," he snarled at me. "I can see your horny wetness dripping down your legs. I brought you right to the brink, didn't I?"

I nodded bleakly. I had no idea what he was going to do next or what was expected of me.

He opened a door and a woman walked in. A diaphanous garment swirled around her. I tried to make out the color of the transparent silk, but it seemed to be all color and no color all at once. Likewise, her hair was not brown, nor blonde or even auburn, it iridesced with every hue. She was backlit, like an angel, and her face was obscured.

Tristan walked over to her and dropped the gown from her shoulders. I could make out the swell of a ripe, perfect bosom tapering to a tiny waist and curving out again to perfect, rounded hips. Tristan gasped at the sight of her body. All I could do was watch.

"Here stands the most perfect of women," he said. "My beauty, my only love."

My heart was breaking and I wanted to scream, but the gag prevented it. I could only watch as Tristan trailed kisses down her body proclaiming his love with each pass of his lips over her flesh. She said nothing. When she sighed, it sounded like music or birdsong.

"Make me whole tonight. Complete me with your touch."

She went to the bed and lay against the pillows where my head had been just moments before. Tristan stood over her, tight and tense in his desire and his need. His cock stood straight out from his body and it seemed bigger and fatter than it had ever been before.

He put his head between her legs and she began to moan in her ecstasy. I tried to turn away but something, some power kept me riveted to the sight of him licking her. Every so often he would stop.

"Stay with me forever," he'd say. Or "I'm yours until the end of time." Then he would resume his attention and she'd groan and twine her fingers through his hair. She arched against his face and screamed her climax into the darkness. I felt wetter still between my thighs and it horrified me.

He mounted her with a tenderness I had never seen in him. He was rapt in worship of her and moved with agonizing slow thrusts that I could almost feel in my own trapped body. Involuntary tilts of my pelvis strained toward the cock that was now impaling this apparition of purity and loveliness. I watched them in tortured silence and knew without a doubt, even before he said her name, that this was the woman who'd forever haunt him. The woman to whom he compared me. The woman I could never be.

He began to come and cried her name in his rapture. "Elsa, Elsa, oh Elsa my love ..."

***

I woke in a burning sweat. My skin was soaked. I was sticky and hot between my legs. Mortified, I shook the dream from me and whimpered against the sheet I drew up against my hot cheeks. A dream can shame you, and this one did.

The clock said five-thirty. It was close enough to dawn for me to get up. The prospect of the dream returning motivated me out of the treacherous bed that led me to such a miserable nightmare.

I went down to the kitchen and started the coffee. I've always hated getting up before the sun. The darkest hour was made even darker as the dream refused to leave my psyche. I kept hearing him whisper all the things I knew he had probably really said to her. The things he'd never say to me.

Mercifully, I wasn't alone with my thoughts very long. George wandered up the stairs and Dad came down. I got busy cooking up a batch of biscuits. I knew my mother would welcome the smell of baking bread when she joined us. By the time the sun was fully up, breakfast was well underway and the dream receded into the backwaters of my mind.

I intended to stay busy and keep my thoughts from drifting to Tristan. He had said that he'd be in touch, but I knew better than to expect it to be any time in the near future. I had made my decision and I had said the words. I couldn't take them back now and he couldn't take back the gentle but cold dismissal of my needs.

As the day wore on, I was thankful that my sadness began to morph into anger. Anger is a lot easier to channel into productivity than sadness. I didn't want to be depressed, I wanted to take action. Since the day I met Tristan, I had allowed him to take control of my emotions. He had made all the rules and I had blithely followed them out of fear that not doing so would lose him.

Indeed, that's exactly what happened. As my mind wrapped itself around the damage I had done, I started to forgive myself. I watched my parents cherish one another in the small things as they began their umpteenth day together. She poured him coffee, he shared a headline or two out of the morning paper. When he rose to take his plate to the sink, he picked hers up as well and gave her a little peck on the cheek. It was all very mundane.

My mother didn't have to ask my father to be there the next morning, or the next or the next. And if she had, he would have thought it an honor to promise her anything. He would not have felt cornered or thought her needy for asking. As much as I would miss Tristan's touch and the adventure and excitement of time spent with him, I deserved as much as my mother. I deserved to expect.

By midday, I had the want ads spread out on one end of the table and my laptop at the other. My resume was slim, but polished. There was no point now in kicking myself over blowing off those interviews to go to France with Tristan. There was a job waiting for me out there and I intended to find it.

Three

A week later, I wasn't nearly as optimistic. I had emailed my resume to any and all jobs that remotely fit my limited experience and my liberal arts degree. I applied to publishing houses, theaters, museums, libraries, bookstores and non-profits. In seven days, I hadn't netted a single return call.

As a fall back, I had pounded the pavement in my neighborhood hoping to luck into a vacancy in a restaurant. I had experience as a waitress, hostess and pantry girl. Although I hoped it wouldn't come to restaurant work, I was prepared to take anything. I had let the grass grow under my feet. I was broke and had stooped to getting spending money from Mom and Dad. This was not the way I had envisioned life after Bennington.

Dad had been talking to Tristan on the phone. My parents knew, of course, that we were no longer 'together' as if we had ever really been. They were diplomatic about it and didn't question me. But they didn't avoid him, either. My father still wanted to nail the bastards that beat him up and Tristan was the only person who seemed fully committed to seeing it through. I left it alone, it was between my Dad and Tristan.

Plus, Archie was still hound-dogging the money trail to see if he could nail Mom's kidnapper. He was convinced that those hundred dollar bills would surface sooner or later and probably closer to home than any of us thought. Archie claimed to be an 'intuitive' detective. It was a word that seemed out of place in his vernacular. But he was sure that his gut feelings were as valid as any other piece of evidence in Mom's case. The police had been cooperative, but it was Archie (and thus Tristan) who was supplying the man-hours. Plenty were needed.

We were at dinner one night about two weeks 'post Tristan' as I had come to think of it. My father mentioned that a friend of a friend had a bookshop on the upper west side that was looking for an assistant manager.

"It's a really small place that specializes in rare books--antiques and first copies, I think he said."

"First editions, you mean?"

"That's it, first editions." He fished a rumpled piece of paper from his pocket. "All he gave me was an address. If you feel like it would interest you, why don't you check it out." He handed the paper to me. It was on Broadway, upper Westside.

The next day I put on a nice pair of slacks with a light turtleneck and my favorite, well worn but still classy blue blazer. There was a good autumn chill in the air and I threw a wool scarf around my neck for extra color and the warmth it provided.

The store was one of those narrow, tiny places with a classic green canvas awning stenciled boldly on the top with the word "Books" and across the apron on the front "Rare and Used Volumes". It was wedged between a florist and a dry cleaners and right across the street from Zabars. That was a great sign; I could always count on a good lunch from Zabars even if it would eat up half my paycheck.

I could see that there was a tiny apartment over the shop and wondered if that's where the owner lived. It was certainly a very cool location. It made me a little uneasy that the bookshop was only about a dozen blocks from the Dakota. But Tristan wasn't likely to be walking the streets of his neighborhood and I put that little coincidence down to harmless.

The wizened old man who poked his head out when the bell tinkled as I opened the door looked to be about a hundred and ten years old. He was as dusty and antique as the books lining the shelves and piled everywhere. I picked my way through the mess and introduced myself.

Crusty as he appeared, Mr. Clemson was sharp as a tack. It didn't take me long to have enormous respect for the catalog he carried around in his head. "That's the trouble, though, you see. My head isn't going to be around forever. My grandson keeps needling me about a website and computerized records for all of my friends." He swept a gnarled hand at the stacks. The skin was yellow and fragile, like much of the paper in the room. He led me to the back of the store where, to my utter surprise, he swung open a door to an immaculate modern office about the size of a walk-in closet.

"I've got all the stuff here, but I just can't face it. At my age, I don't want to have to learn all ... this. I'd rather be reading." He looked at me through rheumy eyes that belonged on an aging spaniel. I wanted to pet his bald head and get him a cookie.

I handed him my resume and pointed out the experience working the Tanglewood system and some other computer work I had done. A couple of simple websites were listed as part of my experience also.

Mr. Clemson waved the paper away. "I'm not interested in what you've got written down on that paper, Miss Harding. Take a look around you. Tell me if you know what needs to be done and if you think you are willing and able to do it. Take all the time you need. We're not going anywhere soon."

The way he referred to his books and himself as 'we' was charming. He rattled back into the bookshelves where he nearly disappeared, so camouflaged was he by the similarity between himself and his beloved volumes.

An hour later, having taken a good look at the computers--state of the art--and the program manuals--straightforward and practical--I was sure I could accomplish what his grandson rightly thought should be done to move the shop into the 21st century.

"Mr. Clemson?" I think I startled him out of a catnap. "I'm quite sure I can do what needs to be done here."

"Miss Harding, I believe you. When can you start?"

We discussed the details of the job. He offered me a generous salary, considering the fact that the shop couldn't possibly be making a lot of money. It wouldn't be enough to get me my own apartment for a while and the commute into Manhattan wasn't something I was looking forward to especially with winter approaching, but I was thrilled to have it.

As I was getting ready to leave the shop I asked Mr. Clemson if he lived above the store.

He snorted. "You must be joking! Have you taken a look at the stairs? That's a young person's apartment. It hasn't been occupied in years. I got tired of the last tenant traipsing in and out of the shop at all hours. There's no separate entrance for it, you see." He laughed. "The young pup was always arguing with me about the utilities, too. The store and the apartment are on one meter."

"I see." I was going to go for it. A lucky day shouldn't go to waste. "Would you consider renting it to me? I could pay out of my salary. I'd never be able to claim the subway was late or get snowed in and I'd always be around." I was prattling and I knew it, but it was such an opportunity! I smiled my most charming and persuasive smile.

Mr. Clemson tried to look stern, but I could tell instantly that he liked the idea. "It gets cleaned every so often, so it isn't knee deep in dust. But some of the furniture is older than these books. You want to take a look at it?"

"Oh yes, Mr. Clemson. Yes, please."

He rooted around in his roll top desk and produced an ancient key. "Help yourself," he told me.

I sprinted up the stairs and unlocked the heavy wooden door. The tiny apartment smelled like old books, just like the shop. The living, dining and kitchen area looked out over Broadway and the bedroom and bathroom were tucked away in the back. The old oak floors creaked under my feet as I poked around. The couch could have come out of some old time gentlemen's club. The golden leather had the patina of smoke about it. With a good dose of leather conditioner, I knew it would come back to life beautifully.

The two matching wingback chairs framed a fireplace, long converted to a gas heater, but it gave some charm to the room as did the high tin ceilings and the wonderful French windows. The kitchen area was tiny and I squealed with delight when I recognized the stove as the exact same one in Rachel Ray's kitchen on TV. The refrigerator was from the fifties also and matched the curvy lines of the Chambers stove. I figured I could rise to the challenge of appliances that were that cute.

Every last piece wooden furniture looked terribly old and dry, but otherwise classic in form and function. The dropleaf dining table was a masterpiece of space saving straight out of the 1800's.

A bright rug, a few pictures and a new mattress looked like just about all I would need to set up housekeeping. In the kitchen cabinets I found a complete set of pink depression glassware, old enamel bowls, iron skillets and a couple of copper pots. I was sure Mr. Clemson didn't know the treasure trove he had in there. He was lucky the last tenant didn't make off with the dishes. It was an antique hunter's dream.

I tried to put on a poker face when I came down the stairs, but it was impossible. "I love the place! It's so perfect." I sucked in some air and braced myself. "How much will you rent it to me for?"

He seemed to have trouble with that. "I wasn't really thinking about renting it at all. How does $500 a month sound? That would include utilities. I can't be bothered with separating the bills."

Five. Hundred. Dollars. For a cute upper Westside apartment? It was a gift. I could easily afford that on what Mr. Clemson had offered me. I wanted to hug him. But instead I just said, "Thank you so much. You won't regret it."

"I've already got that internet thing, but I don't know how to get that upstairs. If you want TV you'll have to do that yourself."

"That's fine, Mr. Clemson. I can put WiFi in for next to nothing. I probably won't need cable if the internet's good. I can watch plenty on line if I want to."

"I don't know why you'd want to watch anything with all these books here waiting to be read."

"You're absolutely right. I intend to take full advantage of this wonderful library." That seemed to make the old guy happy and we settled a few more details before I was on my way. I was to start in ten days which couldn't be soon enough for me.

As I rode the subway home, I couldn't help but smile at all my fellow commuters. I had scored a wonderful job and an apartment at the same time. My commute was going to be going down a set of stairs. Sweet.

Four

I couldn't wait to tell my parents about the job, the apartment and darling old Mr. Clemson. On the way home from the subway stop, I used the remainder of the twenty bucks Dad had given me that morning to buy some cannoli and cream puffs. Mom, Dad and I all had a weak spot for sweets and we'd celebrate with the pastries.

Up the stairs, two at a time, I went happily through the front door with my box of goodies and my news. I froze when I saw Tristan seated, back to me, at the dining table with Kwan, George, Hoc, Archie and my parents. I felt my knees and just about every other part of my body go rubbery. My heart, my betraying, treacherous heart, began to beat against my chest walls and I could feel the heat of a blush working its way from my ears to my neck. The golden curls over his collar made the tips of my fingers itch to touch them.

The rational part of me wanted to run back out the door and wait in the shadows until I saw him leave. But my eyes had been starved for the sight of him. He had transformed yet another chair into a kind of throne where he elegantly draped his aristocratic frame. It wasn't a conscious thing, it was just who he was. All eyes, including mine were focused on him. He was ever comfortable in front of an audience.

"You shouldn't taunt them," he was telling my father. "They're going to come spoiling for a fight. Let them make the first move."

"This frightens me, Tristan," my mother said.

"Jazzy, we've got all the angles covered. Tristan's thought of everything," my father assured her. "These guys need to be in jail and we're going to put them there."

I sucked up my courage and made my presence known. As casually as I could muster, I strolled over to the table and put the box of goodies down in front of my mother.

"Hi everyone," I said brightly. It sounded brittle and fake inside my head, I hoped the others didn't hear it that way. "I brought yummy things from Ferretti's Bakery." I didn't; I couldn't look him in the eye. I went to the kitchen for something to drink and nearly cried when I saw that my mother had a stack of eight plates in position next to the stove. There was a big hot casserole covered with foil, a bread basket with a cloth, and two bubbling pots--one with water and the other with Mom's escarole steaming away. It was obvious we had company for supper.

"Well, sounds like we have a plan, Tristan," my father said as he rose from the table. "I'm starved. Let's get this table set for dinner." Mom came into the kitchen and I yanked her into the pantry out of earshot of the men.

"Mother, why did you spring this on me?" I hissed.

"It was spur of the moment. Should I have called you?" She acted innocent, but I was sure the whole scene was no accident.

"It would have been nice to be forewarned."

"I didn't think it made that much difference."

"How can you say that? Of course it makes a difference."

My mother turned to me. "Raina, you came home the night after the kidnappers released me and went straight to your room. From that point on, you have not spoken one word about what happened between you and Tristan, if anything happened at all. You left me to speculate. I chose to believe that it wasn't important enough for you to discuss."

"So you assumed it was totally cool to force me to sit down to dinner at our table with him?"

"I'm not forcing you to do anything. Please yourself."

"Are you mad at me because Tristan and I stopped seeing one another?"

"No. I'm hurt that you didn't see fit to take me into your confidence. I thought we were closer than that." I saw her lip quiver and it hit me in the gut.

"Mom, I'm sorry. It's so complicated and I ... I really didn't know what to say. I haven't even sorted out how I feel yet."

"Did it ever occur to you that I might have been able to help you sort it out?"

"Yes, it did."

"Then why not talk to me about it?"

"Truth?"

"Truth."

"I'm embarrassed. I think I really screwed up. I think I acted like a stupid adolescent."

"Well, we can't spend all night in the pantry discussing it now. Help me with dinner." She put her arm around my shoulders and pulled me to her. "Just try to act normal."

I gave her a weak smile and followed her back into the kitchen. Easy for you to say, Mom. Act normal. I wasn't sure I knew what normal was anymore. The day had gone so well. My life seemed to be righting itself. And now this. I watched Tristan out of the corner of my eye as I put the garlic bread into the basket. I knew it was inevitable, but I wanted to crawl into the dishwasher and hide when I saw him approach me in the kitchen.

"Anything I can do to help?" He casually put his hand against my shoulder and the sizzle shot down to my toes. I wanted to scream "don't touch me!" Instead, I told him to take the foil off of the chicken parm. I couldn't tell if it was the oven or his body that was producing so much heat. He stood only a few electric inches from my side.

He leaned into me and I felt the warmth of his breath against me. He poured liquid words into my ear. "I've missed you. I've missed touching you."

I swallowed hard and gathered up the silverware bundles. I placed them in front of all the chairs but he followed behind me with the bread basket. He managed to graze my ass with his groin as he reached in to put the basket in the middle of the table. Oh God.

"I mean it, Raina. I need to see you," he insisted as he slowly backed away from the table. The others were taking their places. Dad sat at his end of the table. George sat at his right hand and Archie at his left, Kwan and Hoc filled the places beside George. I was trapped into sitting next to Tristan. I chose the middle, leaving Tristan to sit next to my mother.

Everyone was excited about the plan to put the sting on the union thugs. I listened, half-heartedly. I was distracted by the pressure of Tristan's hard thigh up against mine. Big as he was, it was hard to avoid touching me. Eight normal sized people were a tight squeeze at our table. Archie was a skinny little guy; he barely filled the chair seat. But Tristan filled all the space he had and then some.

I couldn't help but notice that Tristan had my parents eating out of his hand. They laughed at anything he said that was meant to be the least bit funny. They liked him. Possibly more important was that my father obviously respected him and my mother trusted him. What a strange position to be in. I almost felt like I owed it to my parents to give our relationship a better shot.

What would they say if they knew why I had cut it off? My mother had already hinted to me at the Plaza that perhaps I wanted more 'touchy-feely' from Tristan than I had a right to expect. And, I was pretty sure my father would feel the same way. But would they really endorse a relationship based on no holds barred sexual adventures, hedonism and, in Tristan's own words, "no expectations"? Maybe I didn't know Marjorie and Donald Harding at all. Maybe Tristan represented the kind of youth they wished they had--the kind they wanted for me. Maybe they had their regrets about a young marriage, early parenthood and a bland middle class existence.

Philosophic musing aside, his physical presence was exacting a toll on me. I was close enough to smell the faint fragrance of his skin. I felt intoxicated--giddy--even though there was only iced tea in the glass in front of me.

"I got a job today," I announced during a rare lull in the conversation. My voice kind of squeaked out of my constricted throat. I sipped my tea and continued. "Yes, believe it or not, I did. It's at a tiny little bookstore on the upper Westside. I'll be assistant manager."

"That's wonderful, Angelcakes!" my father exclaimed. "Good for you."

"I'm also going to be setting up a computerized system for the store as well as a website for online shopping."

"You mean to tell me there's actually a business left in Manhattan that doesn't have a website?" Mom asked.

"The shop is run by a very, very old and very sweet man. He told me he doesn't have the patience to learn about computers--he wants to spend his time with the books."

My father said he could certainly sympathize with that. He cursed every time he had to upgrade anything--cell phone, TV, even appliances--because of all the new bells and whistles involved.

"There's more," I smiled. "I'm also going to be renting the apartment above the shop. It's perfect for me and Mr. Clemson is practically giving it to me." I was feeling pretty pleased with myself. Tristan hadn't made one comment. Maybe I surprised him by getting a job on my own.

"Congratulations, Raina," he said at last. "It sounds like an ideal match for your skill set"

Was he mocking me? What did he know of my skill set? He'd seen me stage manage an amateur play. For all he knew my greatest talent was giving a blow job.

"Actually, it is. Between courses I took at Bennington and my work on the Tanglewood system, I'm confident I can do exactly what Mr. Clemson wants done."

"I'm sure you can. When do you start?"

"A week from Friday."

"So soon? Are you going to move in right away?" my mother asked. I could see that it dawned on her: I was really going to leave the nest.

"Mom, don't worry. I'll be close and visit a lot. I didn't see any washer and dryer in the apartment."

"Laundromats are expensive." Mom took the hint.

"I promise I'll bring every load home."

We finished the meal and the pastries were a big hit. I passed. After Mom's meal, I didn't need anything else. Tristan remained quiet and subdued after dinner, but he cornered me in the living room as everyone prepared to leave. Archie had said his goodnights, Kwan was already outside waiting at the car and George and Hoc were helping Mom in the kitchen before they went downstairs. My father was taking the garbage out back to the dumpster.

"We're going away this weekend." It was a statement of fact and typically Tristan.

"Oh?" Any snappy retort I might have come up with wasn't going to help. I wanted to let Tristan speak his mind.

"You don't start work for almost two weeks, so don't tell me you can't take a couple of days. I made a promise to you in France and I intend to keep it."

I half remembered that he had said he would one day open up and tell me about his past. I didn't really count it as a 'promise'. Even so, I was kind of glad he considered it one.

"Give me just a little time to ... just let me show you ..." He was at a loss for words. I was flattered that I had the power to fluster him even a little. "Maybe if you know more about me, you can forgive me."

"There's nothing for me to forgive, Tristan. It isn't a crime to want different things. You've been up front with me from the beginning. The other day, I was just doing the same. Our relationship was causing me more anxiety than pleasure."

"You know, Raina, pleasure is simple until we choose to complicate it."

"That may be true, but for me at least, feelings aren't a choice."

"Okay, just listen for a moment. I told you at Carcassone that I would tell you about my past. It isn't something I'm looking forward to, either."

"You don't have to do it, then. It isn't going to change our fundamental differences after all."

"But it might lead to a better understanding." He put his hands on my shoulders and squared them with his. His eyes flashed with their autumn lights. "How much harm can it do you? Just say you'll come with me. This time you don't even need a passport."

Five

Once again I found myself peering into a closet filled with a wardrobe I hadn't selected. This time, it didn't look like the plane was headed for some beach resort. I ran my hands over the softest, silkiest sweaters I had ever touched. I had never owned anything made out of Cashmere but I suspected instantly that that was what made the garments feel like kittens. There were slacks and skirts, two coats--one short and one long, a blazer, a couple of pretty knit dresses and even a pair of jeans. Everything hung on padded hangers that filled the air with the scent of their lavender stuffing. I knew that the drawers would have just the right undergarments and accessories. Tristan called me to take my seat before I had a chance to examine the soles of the half dozen pairs of shoes, but I already knew they would be red.

"You know I still have three unopened boxes to return to you from the last trip. What do you have against my regular clothes?"

"The only things I have seen you in, other than what I have purchased, are jeans and T-shirts that have seen better days. Why begrudge me the pleasure of a well dressed companion?" He was right of course. Everything I owned had been worn forever and none of it was of much quality to begin with. I was already sweating how I was going to manage to look decent for my new job. I didn't need to get all dressed up, but I knew I had to have something better than ratty jeans and shirts decorated with cartoons or worse.

"And, I promise you that if you return the clothes from France I will throw them all in the garbage making them a complete waste. If you're too proud to keep them for yourself, be a fool and donate them to Goodwill. I am sure there is some needy person out there who would appreciate a fifteen hundred dollar pair of shoes more than you do." He huffed out the last part with disdain.

"That's like blackmail." I had to smile at him. He was so funny when he got all high and mighty.

"You don't seem to understand how much pleasure I get in giving you things, and especially things you need."

"But it's so much. Who wears six different pairs of shoes in a weekend?"

"The clothes in there," he pointed a thumb back over his shoulder, "will be perfect for your new job. That's part of why there are so many pieces. I thought you could use them."

"That was very considerate of you. But ..."

"But nothing." He bent over me and buckled my seatbelt and pulled it snug. "Safe and secure, just the way I want to keep you."

As he took his seat next to me, I mulled over that throw away remark. Yes, it seemed that all I had to do was say the word and he would 'keep' me in fine style as long as I didn't back him into a corner. The other interpretations of keep weren't part of his vocabulary.

He rested his hand casually on my thigh reminding me of the real reason I was on that plane at that moment. Sure, I wanted to hear what he had to say. But I also wanted to touch him again. God how I wanted to touch him again. Touch and be touched.

The days had seemed endless even as I occupied myself with looking for a job. I was spoiled by what we had together. Tristan had quickly and thoroughly conditioned me to unbridled and relentless arousal of all of my senses. He had taken me far beyond anything I had ever known or imagined could transpire physically between a man and a woman. He had brought me to great dizzy heights of desire. He exhausted me in complete satisfaction. His pull on me was like gravity and just as irresistible.

I waited for the airborne seduction to begin. It hadn't been even two weeks since we last lay naked together but I ached for his cock, his tongue and the music of desire he made when he fucked me. I was a disappointed to learn that the flight would be short and dinner awaited. I would not be joining the mile-high club again that night. The delicious and perfectly prepared duck was wasted on me, as was another one of Tristan's masterful wine choices. I pushed my food around my plate trying to make it look like I had eaten more than I had. It looked like he was doing the same with his.

We were both biding time. We were both resisting the urge to tear each other's clothes off and slam into one another's body. The very air in the plane was electric.

"Would you like to know where we're going?"

"I didn't think there was much point in asking. But, yes, of course I want to know."

"Chicago. City of the Big Shoulders, place of my birth, home to Michigan Avenue, Marshall Fields and Bradley Alexander King." He said his father's name formally, coldly. "I thought that as long as we are going to have a weekend picking at scabs, we might as well go for the biggest and bloodiest of them all."

"You're taking me to meet your father?" I asked incredulously. This was so not what I expected.

"Among other things, yes, a meeting with the King has been scheduled."

"But first, other things. Fun things. I want you to enjoy the Windy City and I want you to enjoy me." He held my hands in his and leaned across the table to give me a lingering, soulful kiss. His tongue searched my mouth igniting in just that touch a pent up fire inside me. "Will you try to do that?" He kissed me again.

"You make it easy to enjoy you," I answered. And he did. All the over thinking, all the analysis, worry and speculation seemed to fade when his mouth met mine.

Kwan announced the beginning of our descent. "Thank God," Tristan drew me close again and whispered against my ear. "I can't wait too much longer to strip those clothes off of you and fuck you senseless. My cock is begging to be buried inside your beautiful body."

My clit tightened at his bold words. I closed my eyes and let the lusty moment carry me away to where there were only two bodies, naked and alive, pushing and pulling, taking and being taken.

***

Tristan had told the front desk to hold our things until we called for them to be brought up to the rooms. The elegant elevator moved at the speed of the last ketchup in the bottle. I felt his hand massaging my ass as we crawled up to the top floor. The elevator was quite small and we weren't alone. I pressed back against him and felt his hardness giving me a preview of coming attractions.

"You always have to get the penthouse," I teased in a whisper over my shoulder. "It's going to take all night just to get there."

"The Drake's an old hotel. Opened in the 1920's."

"Maybe we're riding in the original elevator."

"I think you're right."

Our suite looked like it hadn't changed much since the twenties, either. Everything was new and perfectly clean, but decked out in brocades and satin, and furnished in Italian Renaissance style, the rooms had a decidedly old fashioned elegance.

From the windows of the suite I could see a patch of beach illuminated by the lights on Lake Shore Drive. I had never seen one of the Great Lakes and I was looking forward to getting a good look at the inland sea the next day. The half-moon glinted on some choppy water but didn't shed much light there.

Tristan came up behind me and circled my waist with his arms as we looked out over the lake together. "When I was a little kid, we had a lake house for a while near St. Joseph, Michigan. It's a real challenge to swim in that lake."

"Why is that?"

"Scrotum scrunching cold. Mom would force me to get out when my lips were blue." He turned me around to face him and possessed me with a kiss. Our desire, fueled by the separation, burst into flames between our hungry bodies.

As I knew it would, his touch wiped away any thought of hesitation. I was molten under his knowing hands. Our clothes quickly formed a heap at the foot of the big hotel bed. He fed the fire in me with his devouring mouth, first against my lips, then my neck, and down to nibble and suck on my nipples that strained for him.

I reached for his erection and he curled his long body so that I could take him in my hand. He was completely hard and the silky skin on his cock pulsed with heat. I looked at the beautiful instrument of my pleasure and sighed at the sight of it. All of his rigid length stood at attention. For me. For my body.

He held my arms above my head as he teased and nipped at the little buds. I arched my pelvis against his chest, urging him lower, pleading for his attention on my sex. He released my hands as he traced down my skin with torturing slowness. I could feel the brush of his cock against my thighs. I was wet with lust. I wanted to pull him back to my mouth and feel him mount me, but I knew his ways. He would tease me first, satisfy me before he satisfied himself and only then would I know the prize of penetration. He liked it that way. Torment, delicious torment, was always part of fucking Tristan.

Mouth against the tender skin at my waist, he worked my breasts in his big hands. There was no gentleness in the way he twisted my nipples, no tenderness in his conquering of my flesh. This was to be a claiming, possessive union. His hands already told me so.

When his mouth finally reached my pussy I pulled my legs apart and moaned my need. He showed me no mercy. He circled and danced his lips everywhere but my clit even as I strained to present myself to him. An insanity of desire gripped and held me.

Finally he locked on to me and set me free. I pushed into him, grinding into the exquisite pressure of his tongue against my throbbing clit. I knew he could sense how close I was to climax because he began to incite my orgasm with muffled groans that commanded me to let go.

It was swift and sharp. I cried out at the intensity of the contractions that took over my body as he claimed me. Tristan sucked me hard, urging me to give him the prize of my release. Even after it should have been over, his insistent mouth pulled more from me until, too sensitive for touch, I pushed him away.

My chest was still heaving with ragged breaths when he pulled me to the edge of the bed and turned me onto my stomach.

"Put your knees on the edge of the bed," he told me. I was soon ass-up for the taking. He stroked his cock up and down over my slickness. "You're wet, my sweet. Wet, slick and swollen. Oh, God yes."

I shifted my body, presenting myself to him. "Take me. I want you to take me now."

Slap! The sting reverberated in my ear and in my flesh. "I will take you, Raina. In my time. When and where I desire it." He continued to spank the globes of my ass and I remembered how the pleasure of that burn excited me. His cock poked at my entrance and I tried to thrust back at him, to take him in deeper.

Slap. Slap. Slap. "Not yet." He ran the head of his cock from my clit to my asshole, again and again spreading the slickness of my arousal all around.

I grunted with animal pleasure when at last he thrust his cock into me. My channel sucked him in.

"Greedy pussy," he growled as I pushed back taking him into me as far as I could. I could feel the hair at the base of his shaft tickle my tingling ass cheeks. He drew himself in and out of me ever so slowly, not yet in a rhythm, not yet abandoned.

Once again he withdrew from me and placed the head of his cock against my asshole, tight and puckered. He had promised me that he'd go there and I wanted him to. I wanted to know how it would feel to be fucked where no one had ever fucked me. I wanted the secret and forbidden; the intimacy of barely imagined desire. Most of all, I wanted to give everything my body could give to him.

He stroked my skin tenderly now as he played his cockhead against my sphincter. I was a little afraid and the fear only heightened my excitement. I pushed back against his probing member and held my breath, anticipating the unknown.

It took my breath away when he forced past the crinkled ring. My body recoiled with the sharpness of his penetration and I cried out with a gush of air.

"Relax ... just relax," he told me as he stood behind me, motionless. Soon, I felt a far different sensation as my resistance eased. God, what a feeling. He hadn't started to move but already this incredible fullness swept me away. It was the idea that seared me. I hardly knew myself. I wanted to be taken in the most wanton way, an animal way I once considered base--something for porn movies and male fantasy.

I thrust back against him, stretching the delicate flesh of my tender muscle around his girth, feeling him widen and occupy me. Tristan let out a sound of furious heat and grabbed my hips, pulling me hard down onto his erection. He pumped himself into me with restraint at first and I could sense that he was almost shaking with the effort not to bury himself to the hilt in my ass. Soon, my body cleaved to his desire and he was slapping flesh to flesh, claiming me.

"Touch yourself," he told me. I could hardly have kept from doing so. I wanted to come around him and know what it felt to have my asshole tighten around an exploding cock. I almost came at the first touch of my fingers on my clit. I groaned and writhed against him inside me and his arousal matched mine. I couldn't recognize myself. My body shook with the enormity of the new woman I had become. Each time I thought he could go no further, each time I imagined our intimacy had reached its zenith, he pushed beyond.

"Come with me ... come with me now. I want to feel your ass milk me dry."

I needed no more encouragement. I ground my clit hard and felt the waves begin to crash on the shore of my sex. He thrust deeply and held my ass against his body as the spasms took over. Each time my ass contracted, I could feel him jerk against me as he emptied himself into my bowels.

He collapsed against me, our legs hanging over the edge of the bed, chests heaving. He slipped out of me softly and pulled me to my feet. I expected to feel ashamed; embarrassed by my complete loss of self and my utter abandonment. I looked into his eyes and saw the sheen of satisfaction. I couldn't feel anything but joy as he held me tight against him.

"Beautiful. You are such a beautiful gift."

Five

We both woke up starving. Neither one of us had eaten much dinner on the plane. We had worked up the kind of appetite that mind boggling sex tends to create. We wrapped ourselves in the hotel's cozy robes and scrutinized the room service menu together. Tristan decided on steak and eggs and I ordered a Belgian waffle.

He finally had the front desk send up our things. I still thought it was a little silly to have all those clothes for two days, but I was getting used to Tristan's strange ways. The only possible reason for him to have them all hung up like that on the plane was so that I could see what he had chosen for me. Otherwise he could have had them all packed in a suitcase like his own clothes were. But, he wanted to make sure I knew that I was going to be pampered again. If it took some invisible someone to do all that hanging and packing, what difference did it make to Tristan?

After we finished our breakfast, we showered together in the big etched glass enclosure. It was one of those showers that had jets all over the place--two in each corner, a detachable shower wand, and a big rain-water head above us.

We took turns soaping each other. I loved the feeling of his smooth skin under my slippery hands. He leaned against the shower stall wall with his back to me as I scrubbed his strong broad back. He moaned a little when I reached his ass. I paid special attention to the crack there, poking around his asshole just a little before I slipped my hand forward to wash between his legs. When he turned around for me to tend to the other side, his cock was about half erect and growing harder by the moment. My hands traveled all over the beautiful distance of his long limbs. His hands and feet, so perfectly formed and graceful got extra attention. I reasoned that if he thought to bring pleasure to me through my fingers and toes, he probably liked to be touched there too.

"You have evolution toe." I had his foot in my hand and looked up at him with a smile.

"What the hell is 'evolution toe'?"

"It's when the second toe is longer than the big toe. It's supposed to be a sign of intelligence." That got a big chuckle out of him.

He stopped laughing when I stood up and began to shampoo his crotch. He closed his eyes and sighed as I soaped his golden curls and massaged his balls in my slick hand. I moved on to the shaft and the soap made a perfect lubricant that allowed me to slide both hands up and down his rigid cock. I watched in fascination as it twitched and engorged. I could see his pulse in the swollen veins along the length of him and I thought, not for the first time, that I had never seen a more perfect man.

"Oh God that feels great." He began to move a bit against my hand and then stopped. "I think I'll save that for a little later. The poor guy needs a little rest period."

He brought my hands up and took his turn washing me. His touch was soft and gentle, then firm and insistent against my muscles. There was no tension left in me, but he massaged my shoulders anyway and my flesh relaxed in gratitude against his hands. I was completely clean and in an almost trance-like state when he finished.

As we dried off, Tristan told me about the plans he had for the day.

"I'm going to take you to Oak Park so you can see the house I grew up in." He shot me a sidelong glance, gauging my reaction.

First his father, now his childhood home. He wasn't kidding about opening up about his past. I was thrilled, but now that the moment was finally upon me, it was a little frightening. Tristan was serious about showing me what made him tick. He expected it to make a difference in the way I dealt with him. I wasn't so sure. It could answer the questions, perhaps, of why he felt the way he did but what difference would that make? If the rules remained the same, we'd be back to square one.

"I'd love to see it," I finally answered him.

As we waited for the valet to bring the rental car around, I looked at the expanse of Lake Michigan, angry with autumn winds that were threatening off shore. Above our heads the sky was brilliant and cloudless and the air had a comfortable morning nip to it. Chicago rose from the lake shore boldly, brash and modern. It seemed somehow ... cleaner than New York. Maybe it was the effect of the lake washed air or the glint of the thousands of silver windows glinting in the morning sun.

It was rather odd to see Tristan slide into the driver's seat. The last time I'd seen him take the wheel was in the Berkshires and I had become accustomed to Kwan driving us around.

"No Kwan today?" He had been on the plane and I assumed he'd be shadowing us as usual.

"No, I sent him to go prowl Boystown. He's probably boinking in the bath house by now. I think we'll be fine on our own. This was a very spur-of-the moment trip. No one knows I'm here." I was reminded once again that 'security' was a perpetual and permanent part of his life. How easy that was to forget in the heat of Tristan's arms.

The Bentley convertible had the top down so I wound my scarf around my head as we took off down Michigan Avenue.

"This is known as the Magnificent Mile. It's every bit as great a shopping district as Fifth Avenue and frankly, I think it's a lot prettier."

"I agree. I don't know why I pictured Chicago so differently. I didn't expect to find it so elegant."

"You're seeing the elegant parts, but you'll see the other Chicago now as well. I'm going to skip the Eisenhower expressway and take Madison all the way out to Oak Park. That way you'll get to see the city more. It'll take a while even though we're only going about ten miles. Are you in a hurry?"

"I do have a hot date tonight." I smiled. I thought how considerate it was to want to show me the city and then I recalled that his mother had died on the Eisenhower. I found myself wondering what his real motivation for the route was until I got caught up in watching Chicago roll by.

We passed through a gritty industrial area when we left the downtown 'Loop'. "Looking a bit less elegant now, isn't it?" The industrial area gave way to a rather depressing residential area with plenty of vacant lots, boarded up buildings and just plain slummy looking brick buildings that had seen better days.

"This is known as the near west side. We'll pass through several miles of this before we move a little more up market. The sixties and seventies hit this area hard. Chicago did not bend easily to desegregation and there was a lot of white flight."

We passed through a beautifully maintained park and on the other side, the condition of the buildings improved a good bit. When Tristan announced that we had reached Oak Park, I expected mansions, but what I saw were mostly quite middle class looking older homes. Earnest Hemingway was born in Oak Park and Frank Lloyd Wright had begun his career as an architect there. The Kings had bought one of his early masterpieces.

As we got further into the obviously most well to do area, the lots got bigger and the houses a little grander, but still nothing even I would have called a mansion. The streets were immaculate and there were majestic hardwoods approaching the peak of their autumn color. We pulled over to the curb in front of a two story brick house that I recognized as the 'prairie style' architecture that made Wright famous.

Tristan hadn't said more than 'uh-huh' and 'hmm' to any of my comments since we entered the village. He sat in the car for many long moments before he spoke. "This is the century old 'Arthur B. Heurtley House'. It is a very good address."

"It's an amazing house. That brick work is fantastic." I marveled at the way Wright had woven bands of different shades of brick into the design. The whole building had a texture all its own.

"The main living area is on the second floor. My parents threw some great parties in the rooms up there. But my favorite place was my very own playroom on the lower floor." Tristan got out of the Bentley and came around to my side. He opened my door and took my hand. Then he leaned back against the car and drew me to him. I looked up at his face as he studied the house that rose from the expanse of green lawn in front of us.

"When Wright designed this house in 1902, he broke a lot of rules. The style at the time was the Queen Anne."

"Like the Victorian homes around here?"

"Yes, exactly. Wright did away with tiny rooms, he opened up the interior space with all those windows you see, and by putting the living space on the second floor he gave a measure of privacy you don't get otherwise. Notice there aren't any curtains? None needed."

"Is this what gave you your yearning for the house in the woods that you described to me when we first met? The one designed with lots of glass so you could 'run around naked in the trees'?"

Tristan laughed out loud and I was happy to hear it. "You know, I never even thought about the connection, but I think you've hit on something. I can't believe I never thought about how this house influenced me."

"Well, I'm glad it did. Running around naked suits you. You should do it often."

"I intend to. You kind of like it, too, don't you?"

"More than I could have imagined."

"You should be naked as much as possible."

"But you seem to have so much fun dressing me up like your own personal doll."

"Only because society demands it."

"Society and the weather. It's a little chilly right now for naked." I looked at the house. "That's a huge chimney on the roof. You must have had a massive fireplace."

"It was one of my favorite parts. I used to think it was magic when my mother would stand between the firelight and the moonlight coming in the stained glass windows."

I was hoping that the visit to the house would be more than a lesson in architectural history. Tristan took my hand and suggested we take a walk around the neighborhood.

"I ... " he started and stopped."I want to try to make you understand what happened after my mother died. But first, I guess I need to tell me how it was before."

I squeezed his hand. I didn't want to say a word for fear he might not continue.

"This neighborhood is mostly professionals. There are lots of doctors and lawyers. Mostly prosperous folks who want to live near enough to the city so that the commute isn't a killer. My mother was one of a few stay at home mothers left. She and a couple of other moms baked all the cupcakes, went on all the field trips, and always made sure that our classrooms had the best parties. I was so proud of her. Even as a little kid I knew how special it was to have her around. Plenty of my friends didn't see their mom until she got home from work at dinner time." He laughed and went on. "One time a friend had come over after school and Mom was cutting potatoes for French fries. She'd cut the potatoes and soak them in ice water and double fry them. God they were good. Anyway, this kid asked her what she was making. She said 'French fries'. The kid said 'That's not the way you make French fries!' Mom asked him how he thought French fries were made. He said 'You take the bag out of the freezer and then you bake them.' Can you imagine? The kid didn't know fries were made from actual potatoes."

A breeze picked up and blew an eddy of leaves around our feet. The trees were so pretty. Not stunted city trees, but old country-looking ones. "I think fall is my favorite season. I guess I associate it with the excitement of going back to school. Summer was great for a while, but got hot and stale in the city after July."

"Halloween was a real event around here. Mom made all my costumes. She'd take weeks to put them together. Other kids wore cheap plastic masks and those crappy mass market things. I'll never forget the year she made me a Teenage Mutant Ninja turtle costume. She hand sewed a padded shell out of green felt."

"Which one were you?"

"Michelangelo. I liked the nunchucks."

I tried to imagine a carefree Tristan, nunchucks in hand, trick or treating down that perfect suburban street all decked out in a homemade turtle costume.

"Christmas was like a fairy tale. The house was decorated from top to bottom. There wasn't a room in the house that wasn't garlanded and every window had a candle in it. Of course, Santa always brought me everything I asked for and more. I guess I was a spoiled kid, but I don't think I acted like one."

"The Christmas of ... when my mother had the accident, the house was already full of the spirit. There were tons of presents under the tree, mostly for me. She'd always have a 'theme' for the wrappings. One year it was gold and silver, the next green and red. And one year she did everything in brown paper with dried flowers and string. I disapproved of that motif. It wasn't shiny enough for me."

"I can't really remember exactly how my father told me or what happened that night or even the next few days. I don't know what happened to Christmas that year, either. It seemed I went from one life to another without a transition. I was probably in shock and I'm sure I was very depressed, but no one ever took the time to comfort or council me."

"My father, who was never a very warm and fuzzy man, withdrew even more. I wandered around the new apartment lost and lonely and ..." He stopped and I could see he was fighting back tears. "Nobody cared."

I pulled him against me and felt him breathe deeply, fighting for composure. It was so sad, so wrenchingly sad to think of the empty, cruel world his life had become.

"I became angry. At the world, at my father, and, unfairly, most of all at my mother for leaving me. I was just a kid." He shrugged helplessly. "I became an overachiever in school, desperate to get my father's approval. It never materialized."

"As the years went by, I learned to rely only on myself. I avoided any kind of relationship that could possibly lead to being abandoned again."

We sat down on a bench and watched the sparse traffic for a few minutes. It was so painful to hear his story that I was tempted to tell him to stop. I couldn't because I needed to hear what he had to say. He had revealed part of the puzzle, but I wanted the whole picture. How had he conquered his fear? How had he reached a point where he was once again vulnerable enough to love?

"By the time I reached Wharton, I had become nearly as cold and unreachable as my father was. There had been a couple of girls. I was a healthy young man, after all." He grinned a little impishly then. "I'm still healthy, aren't I?"

"Yes, Tristan, as a woman, I can certainly attest to your ... vigor. More than healthy."

"I developed a bit of a reputation as a player. But, in all fairness, most of the girls I met weren't interested in much more than sport fucking anyway. We all pretty much had our eye on the prize. By the time I was in the MBA program, the women I met were just as driven as the men. Domestic bliss was a very low priority."

"But something ... someone changed that." I said softly.

"Elsa and I graduated together. We were friends. I had all the start-up capital I wanted. My father is not generous in his affection, but money is different. I had enough cash at my disposal to do pretty much whatever I wanted."

"I started the firm and hired several of the stars of the class to work with me. Elsa was one of them."

Tristan looked tired. He wasn't used to this kind of conversation and I could see that it was draining him. "Why don't we take a little break? I don't know about you, but I could use a bite to eat."

He looked relieved. "Thanks. I'd appreciate that. I know a place I think you'll love."

Six

We headed out of Oak Park and through some more of the urban landscape. I was surprised when the countryside was soon all around us.

"This is just an illusion," Tristan told me. "This green belt we're driving through is surrounded by dense suburbia. It just happens that parts have been kept clear."

"It's a beautiful drive. Where are we headed?"

"To another place from my youth. A very happy place." He turned off the parkway onto a long drive that eventually led to the entrance to Brookfield Zoo. "This is one of the world's greatest zoos. I loved coming here as a kid, but in the last twenty years, there has been so much progress. The animals aren't caged up in sad little spaces, here the habitats are incredible."

"How did you know I love zoos?" I was delighted. There wasn't much I'd rather do than spend the beautiful afternoon seeing lions and bears and apes.

"Our wild monkey sex was a clue." He reached over and tweaked one of my nipples, causing them both to instantly come to attention. I thought a break from the heavy morning was a good idea. Playing at the zoo was a great way to take a break. "It won't be gourmet dining, but we can get a decent sandwich here. We'll have to decide which animals to see. We can't possibly do the whole place in a few hours."

When we got to the gate, we studied the map and decided to go to the "Great Bear Wilderness" first. I have always had a fascination with polar bears and Tristan told me Brookfield had one of the finest exhibits of the great white beasts in the world.

"This zoo has been around since the thirties. My mother used to come here with her family. She told me that her older brother would always bring marshmallows to throw to the polar bears, who apparently have a sweet tooth. She said he would throw whole bags of them into the exhibit just to watch the bears tear the packages open and gorge on the sugar."

"Obviously, in this day and age, that isn't allowed anymore."

"Better for the bears, I guess, but it sounded like fun to me."

We hopped on the 'motor safari' and wound our way through the vast park. The gardens and fountains were a treat in and of themselves. Autumn chrysanthemums filled every available flower bed and lent their own brilliance to the russet and gold palette of the day.

The bears didn't disappoint. We laughed like children watching them play. Viewing from the underwater lookout, the grace of the big animals under the surface was marvelous and delightful to watch. The grizzlies looked as ferocious as their reputation and they, too, cavorted in their own personal water park.

We walked over to the wolf exhibit where visitors can get into a concealed blind and observe the pack.

"It isn't hard to spot the alpha male, is it?" Tristan remarked as the obvious leader passed by.

I put my hand behind him and pinched the tight cheek of his ass. "No, he's standing right beside me. The 'king' is hard to miss."

"I'm glad you recognize that," he answered with mock superiority. "We don't want there to be any question about who is number one, do we?"

"Oh, absolutely not," I agreed. "I never forget 'he who must be obeyed'."

"See that you don't." He inclined his head and looked regally down his nose at me. I stuck my tongue out at him. "You'll pay for that later," he growled into my ear.

"I hope so."

We stopped in at the penguin exhibit. The tuxedoed birds seemed to have endless energy for play and never tired of sliding on their bellies into their cold, clear pool.

'Baboon Island' was next. We stood across the moat from them making fools of ourselves with the rest of the humans trying to attract their attention. Making monkey noises, Tristan stood behind me and began picking at my hair as if grooming me like the animals were doing.

"You're crazy," I laughed at him.

"Crazy about you, my little simian siren."

"I hope I'm better looking than those girls. They look mean as hell."

"Ah, but to a baboon dude, they're lovely. Look at the ass on that one!" He pointed to a mother with an infant clinging to her back. Her rear end was swollen, red and angry looking.

"Yikes! That looks positively painful."

"Speaking of painful...how is your lovely pink ass today?" He pulled me back against him and looped his arms around my waist.

I blushed at the reminder of what he had done to me the night before. Mostly I was blushing at how wantonly I had reacted to what he had done to me. He caught my embarrassment.

"You have nothing to be ashamed of, darling. You were wonderful. Abandoned to me in your sweet lust. I loved fucking your ass and I want to do it again and again."

Although he had whispered it into my ear, I still glanced around wondering if anyone else had heard. His breath tickled my ear and his words sent messages all the way through my body. Tristan had that way of making everything tingle within me.

He kissed my neck, oblivious to anything going on around us. I couldn't help but sigh and tilt my head to give him better access to my skin. His touch ignited my skin and made me want to melt into him. And while I couldn't characterize my new feelings for him as pity, there was definitely an element in me that wanted to mother him, if only just a little. I liked knowing his vulnerabilities, even if I found the source of them heartbreaking.

He held me close against him as we watched the carefree animals chasing each other wildly around the little island. Even though they looked fearsome, I could see that it was all in fun for them. They screeched and hollered at one another, tearing around the tree trunks that served as their jungle gym. I pressed my bottom back against him and wiggled it playfully against his groin. He rewarded me with a growling grunty ape noise that made me giggle.

We took a leisurely walk back to the parking lot. It was mid afternoon and time to start wending our way back to the city. Tristan left the top up this time because the afternoon had turned cool as the sun slanted lower in the sky.

It was the first time we had spent time together doing something completely ordinary. We weren't in a private plane, or on a yacht, or in a five star restaurant. Our lunch had pulled pork sandwiches washed down with a micro brew from the "Bison Bistro" at the zoo. We shared some cotton candy as we walked around the little lake by the bear exhibit. It was an afternoon that made me feel as if maybe there was a chance for something a little like a normal life with Tristan.

We passed a roadside stand selling mums, pumpkins and gourds to decorate yards for the season. Tristan pulled over and bought a big pot with three different colors of flower plants, a bunch of Indian corn and several decorative gourds.

"Are you planning to dress up our room at the Drake?"

"Uh, no. I have one last stop before we head into the city. If it's okay with you, I'd like to put this stuff on my mother's grave."

"Of course it's okay." I felt honored that he felt comfortable taking me there.

"I don't get to Chicago often, but when I do I like to at least pay my respects." He gestured toward the backseat and the fall flora. "She loved this kind of stuff. We always had cornstalks in the yard and lots of pumpkins."

We pulled into a cemetery. The sign at the entrance said "Woodlawn Memorial Park". It was actually quite a pretty place with gentle hills still covered with green lawns and a nice scattering of mature trees.

"I don't even remember the funeral. I know I went. Years later, I asked my father and he told me that I had been to the service." He pulled over to the side of the drive and we got out. Tristan gathered the autumn flowers and handed me the paper bag that held the corn and the gourds. "I really don't like the idea of being buried. I'm going to go with cremation myself."

I followed a pace behind. "I agree," I said. "It seems like a waste of space and money."

"That's not my reason at all. It used to terrify me that my mother was buried in a box here. Part of me had visions of her waking up, alone and six feet underground."

"Yikes, what a scary thought!"

"I think it's a pretty common childish notion. Now that I'm older, though, it comforts me a little to come here. It's my way of knowing that I didn't imagine her." He stopped by a simple headstone with an angel standing watch at the top. "Maryann Katherine King" was inscribed on one side with her dates of birth and death and the other side was blank. "It's a double plot. Someday my father will have the other half. He'll never remarry. Whatever I might say about him, I know that he loved my mother fiercely. She may be the only person he ever did love."

He put the pot of flowers at the foot of the headstone. "You arrange that stuff. I'm inept at that sort of thing." I took the fall corn and the colorful collection of gourds and put them as artfully as I could around and against the terracotta planter. As I arranged them, Tristan watched me from a nearby bench. The sun was dipping below the tallest trees and cast a soft ochre light amongst the long shadows.

When I was satisfied with the display I wandered around a bit on the paths that wound through the park. The avenues of the dead lined up in silent rows. I thought of Elsa and her snowy grave, unmarked somewhere in Italy. I wondered if Tristan thought of her, too, as he sat quietly on his bench under the oaks.

I didn't walk far away and when I saw him rise, I took that as my signal to go back. He smiled at me and held out his hand to walk me back to the car.

"Thanks for doing that." I didn't know if he meant the gourds or giving him time alone so I just said, "You're welcome," and left it at that.

We drove back into Chicago as sunset approached. The light behind us to the west cast the buildings rising from the lake's shore in gaudy shades of pink and orange. As the colors faded, the buildings began to light from within and the skyline sparkled against the inky violet dusk.

Back in our room, Tristan opened a bottle of wine from the bar and we toasted the rising half moon that came up over the lake. "To Maryann King," he said as his glass clinked into mine. "She would have loved you, Raina."

What about you, Tristan? Can you love? Can you love me? I understood more about him, but as I had feared, it did nothing to erase the nagging questions I wasn't asking. I simply said, "To your mother," and left it at that.

We decided to have dinner at the hotel. The car was parked, the wind had picked up and we had traveled enough that day. The seafood restaurant in the hotel was quite good and the atmosphere very much the same old school elegance of the rest of the building. We talked mostly about the day and my own childhood. I described what it was like growing up in my parents' Park Slope home.

"I had my own version of a wonderful childhood," I told him. "But mine is only now just ending. I think my parents would have kept me at home forever if they could."

"I noticed that Marjorie seemed a wee bit upset when you told her about the apartment that goes with your new job."

"It had to happen someday. I can't live in my parents' house forever." Tristan nodded in agreement. "They've been great. I know how much they sacrificed for me--for all three of us. I'm the only one who got a four-year degree and even though I got some scholarship money and a couple of loans, they still paid more for me to go to school than either of my sisters."

"Your sisters didn't go to college?"

"Olivia dropped out after two years. She spent the next two years getting ready to marry Ben. Ben's done very well and Olivia has played the supportive junior league wife to his successful small-town attorney. They have two children. A perfect set of one boy and one girl. Of course, the boy is the first born. Olivia wouldn't have it any other way."

"Do I detect disapproval? Even disdain?"

"A little," I admitted. "Olivia is smart and she's beautiful. I love Ben and the kids. It just seems like such a ... calculated existence. She had a plan and she executed it with surgical precision. There's nothing spontaneous or unpredictable about my oldest sister's life."

"You, on the other hand, do spontaneous quite well."

"Trust me, that's a newly acquired trait."

"What about your other sister. Amy?"

"Amy is the sweetest person in the entire universe. She wasn't the academic type and neither was her husband Phil. She worked for several years as a warehouse clerk for a heating and air conditioning company right out of high school. She met Phil there. He had come to make his fortune in New York. When his father died he left Phil his hardware store in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma. He asked Amy to marry him and the two of them run the store now. Phil also has a pretty lucrative handyman service going."

"Children?"

"They haven't had any luck conceiving."

"I think it would be very hard to want a child and not be able to have one."

"It is hard on them. They've been married for four years and ... nothing. They've kind of stopped talking about it."

"What about adoption?"

"I don't know how they feel about it."

"If I wanted a child and couldn't have one, I would adopt. For sure."

"I asked you once before if you wanted to have children. Do you remember?"

"Yes, I do. I dodged the question."

"You dodged it and shut down."

"I know." He cleared his throat. "I've always wanted to have children. But my motivation may be a false one. I've always wanted to give a kid a better father than I had. Even if my mother had lived, I'd still feel deprived. I guess part of me wants to prove I can do better."

"That's not a great reason to become a parent."

"Oh, hell, that's not the only reason. It's just part of it. Believe it or not, I really like little kids. I'm drawn toward innocence. There's so little of it in my world." He looked at me when he said that and put his hand over mine on the tablecloth.

"You still insist on calling me innocent after what we've done together?"

"I told you before, innocence is more than a lack of experience and it doesn't mean naivete. Innocence is a way of seeing the truth of the world and reacting to the world in truthfulness."

I laughed at that. "You need to spend more time around children. My nephew and niece are natural liars. 'Not me' is the perpetrator of all naughtiness in Olivia's house. Who broke this vase? 'Not me.' Who ate the last cookie? 'Not me'."

Tristan chuckled. "Right now, I would like to perpetrate some naughtiness with you, my queen. Shall we move our little party upstairs?" He helped me to my feet. On the way out he asked me to wait a minute. He spoke to the maitre d for a moment and then we pushed the button for the ancient elevator.

I was more than ready to get back to the room. I wanted to feel Tristan's warm skin against mine again. There was never enough of him. Each sensuous adventure was a journey of unbelievable discovery about myself and my capacity for passion. He had opened doors that I never wanted to close. They were portals into depths I didn't know I possessed until his touch unlocked them for me.

Seven

"Are you ready for something a little different?"

"Unless you've packed some bizarre toys in your bag I can't imagine what we can do that would be as different as what we've already done."

"I am truly amazed that you underestimate me." He whipped open his robe and swung his hips so that his cock swayed like a pendulum between his thighs. Even flaccid, it was an impressive sight. "You see this magic wand of mine? You haven't even begun to test the limits of my carnal creativity."

I giggled. It seemed he intended to lighten the mood. It was one of the things I enjoyed most about being Tristan's lover. He could be passionate, dominant, tender, and even, at times, silly. Silly was good. We'd had a day that covered a lot of ground. He deserved to take the night off and just play. It was another measure of how he had transformed the way I thought about sex. With Tristan, I had permission to be anything, do anything with my body.

The doorbell startled me.

"Are we expecting company?" I had a sudden flashback to his comments in France about 'girls liking to play with other girls'. Surely I had made my position clear on that. There was a moment of panic before he opened the door. It was not a hired 'girl'. It was a waiter with a rolling table. There was an ice bucket and a couple domed dishes.

"In the bedroom, please," he told the waiter. Judging by the smile on his face when he left, the guy got a generous tip. "Now you in the bedroom, too."

"Good god, after that dinner you expect me to eat more? What kind of glutton do you think I am?"

"You, my sweet, fuckable one, are a glutton of the very best kind." He guided me over to the bed, slipped my robe off and seated me on the edge of the mattress. The bedside table had complimentary sleep masks and he pulled one out. "It'll be a lot more fun if you can't see."

"Are we having fun with food tonight?" I eyed the table next to the bed.

"Hush. Don't spoil it." He put the mask over my eyes. It was very effective; all I could see was blackness.

He lowered me onto my back and ran his hands down the length of my body. It was always an effort of some will not to just pull him against me and urge him to mount me. The mere touch of his silky fingers on my skin sent a signal to my clit that was impossible to ignore. Much as I longed to see him and watch his cock grow in front of me, I knew the power of the blindfold by now. He would soon have every other sense blazing.

He took one of my wrists and brought it above my head to the bedpost where he tied it. Then he walked around the big bed and tied the other one. "One of the key reasons hotels should always supply robes," he leaned down and whispered in my ear. "My neckties wouldn't be nearly long enough."

As before, the bonds were loose and I could have easily wriggled free. It was the idea that held me, not the knots. I loved the thought of being the object of his lust, of being captured in his desires and fantasies. He had considered and planned what he was going to do with my body and that made me wild for it.

"First, a little torture in your secret place."

I thought he meant my clit. He went for my belly button. A wet finger poked into my navel, hard enough to make me try to move away. In my body, there seems to be some connection between my belly button and my clit as if a wire runs between them. Tristan, damn him, remembered how sensitive I was there and intended to torment me. He pushed and circled and the sensation, while I couldn't describe it as painful, was just plain weird. I squirmed under his attention.

I felt his mouth on my belly next and his tongue probed where his finger had been. The connection remained, but the warm wet exploration of his mouth felt utterly different than the pressure of his fingertip. My pussy swelled and moistened and I couldn't contain a little moan of pleasure.

I heard the clink of something on the table. When the ice cube plopped in my navel was still warm from his mouth. I flinched and sent the ice sliding down my side. Tristan ran it back and nestled it into the hole again. The skin he had made so sensitive seemed to close around the cube and I could feel the liquid accumulating under it as it melted.

His warmth was near my breasts next as he suckled and twirled my tight nipples in his mouth. The scrape of his teeth was intense. My focus narrowed to the triangle of feeling on my chest and torso and the background music of my pussy, readying for whatever he had in mind. Time vanished with my sight and I gave myself permission to be a canvas for whatever artistry he could command. As the ice melted on my belly, so did my defenses and my fears. He wanted me to join him in the moment and the moment was all there was.

He circled the swell of my breasts with both hands, both holding more ice. Beginning at their outer edges, he cooled ever smaller circles around them until he reached my impossibly rigid nipples. Then his mouth was back, only this time he had the ice to roll against me with his tongue. The combination of the heat of his lips and the chill inside his mouth was incredible--two opposite sensations that eddied around me like finding a cold spring in a warm summer lake. I wanted to drown in him. I wanted to sink to the depths of wherever he might take me and never come up for air.

He straddled me and positioned his ass just above my belly. The warmth of his tight cheeks centered right over the remains of the ice cube. His cock rested in my wet cleavage, hot as a poker against my chilled skin. I could just smell the male musk rising from the heat of him. I felt something drip over his erection and my nostrils suddenly filled with the unmistakable smell of maple syrup, all earthy and sweet. My mouth watered and my mind reeled.

He fucked my breasts, squeezing them together around his girth and sliding back and forth in the sticky passage between them. "Sweet, sweet, sweet," he muttered and I could hear the smile behind the words. He thrust upwards, tapping my chin with each stroke. His fingers never stopped their dance against my nipples twisting and pinching them in time with the rhythm of his shaft. I don't think I've ever come so close to orgasm having only my breasts touched.

Tristan reached behind me and propped my head on a folded pillow and slid up so that his cock could reach my mouth. When he began to circle my lips with the soft head, I eagerly licked the sweetness there. Mixed in with the fragrant maple was the salty tang of his own liquid. I poked my tongue into the hole at the tip. He grunted at the small penetration and pushed further into me. He was thick with desire, stretching my lips, groaning at my eagerness to suck him dry.

Without my hands, I had only my tongue and my lips to please him. I tightened my mouth around his girth and pushed back against his thrusts. He began to work his hand over the base of his shaft knowing I couldn't possibly take him completely. God it was so hot to know he was touching himself as I sucked him. I knew that, like me, he had allowed himself to let go, to do whatever came to him. Use me. Take your pleasure. Take me.

I wanted him to come in my mouth. I wanted to taste the essence of man, to feel it run down my throat oozing with life. The pace of his hand quickened and his cock moved faster and faster in my mouth until he abruptly stopped, checking his climax. I mewed out my disappointment when drew himself out of my mouth.

"Not yet, my queen. I love that you want me to come in your sweet mouth, but I'm not nearly finished with you." He gently cleaned the stickiness from my chest. He removed the blindfold and untied my hands. "How about some dessert?" I was pulled up to a sitting position and he sat across from me, putting my legs over his powerful thighs. I looked down between us and saw his turgid cock pointing straight at my pussy. Although I longed to have him there, I knew that the roller coaster of arousal would eventually reward us both. It was a wonder he could contain himself. His cock looked explosive.

"Berries," he pronounce and lifted the dome on a dish full of strawberries and raspberries. In the middle of it was a small dish of whipped cream. "I know berries and whipped cream is a bit cliche but for the life of me, I couldn't think of a more sexy fruit, other than the peach between your legs."

We took turns feeding one another bite after luscious bite. Tristan took one of the biggest strawberries and ran it between my legs, popping it in his mouth. "Sweeter than sugar," he grinned. He dipped his finger in the cream and spread it over my nipples. He sucked it off and smacked his lips. We laughed and kissed. We caught our breath, but his cock never slackened and the wet spot under me continued to grow.

I watched him suggestively work the red fruits as if his mouth was down on me. He flicked at the tip of the strawberry with the same rhythm as his tongue would dance on my little erection. All the while his smiling eyes watched me watching him. It was the kind of scene you'd imagine in a campy soft porn movie. Nevertheless, it was effective. Tristan had a way of drawing our sex into a languid, slowly ascending pace that pushed me over the edge. By the time his cock finally found my pussy, I was voraciously hungry for it.

We twined around each other at last, breathing the fragrance of berries and the musky heat of arousal rising from both of us. I ran my hand down the side of his body, feeling the marvelous definition of all of his muscles. Side by side, we explored the delight of being so different from one another. The soft curves of my hips nestled against the narrow bridge of his. His hard, fat cock pressed up against the cushion of my pussy and slid toward home. He was all outward, all male, with his cock displayed in the full measure of his masculinity. I was tucked inward, offering a warm feminine cave to welcome him inside.

I tilted my hips and pulled my knees apart with my hands, ready for the first delicious thrust of his shaft. He reached over and pulled me toward his body as he lay on his side. He scissored my legs, one between his and one over his hip as he guided his erection into me. His strokes were measured, controlled. What a wonderful way he had me pinned between his strong, warm thighs. He was inside me and all over me with his hands at the same time.

I closed my eyes and gave my consciousness over to the engulfing sensation of being full of him. I craved the union of our bodies with a hunger that only seemed to grow with each new discovery. I felt him quicken and I moved harder against him, pressing myself into the contracting muscle of his leg. His hands stilled and his head was thrown back against the pillow with a great grunt that sounded like painful pleasure. My climax wrapped around his spurting cock, coaxing the last rush of fluid from its tip.

We panted next to each other, still joined. It was a moment I always made last as long as I could. I was satisfied completely by his lovemaking, but never fully sated. There was always a desire for more because it was the one sure way I had of knowing, at least for the moment, that the man was mine.

Eight

I nervously twirled around for Tristan's appraisal. I had chosen an ivory colored knit dress with a cowl neck and some coffee colored suede boots that came up to my knees. The dress slid over my skin as soft as goose down. It made me feel utterly feminine, as if the dress was caressing me. I had gathered my hair into a loose ponytail at the back of my head and let a few tendrils go free. My make-up, as usual, was minimal.

"If 'chaste' is the look you're after, I think you've nailed it."

I knit my brow. "You gave me the dress! Was 'chaste' what you were looking for?"

He rose from the stuffy button-backed chair and held me. "I was looking for soft, which is what you are. Soft and sweet. You are perfectly and appropriately dressed. Except ..."

"Except what?" I scanned my image in the mirror trying to figure out what I had missed.

Tristan pulled a velvet box from the inside pocket of his blazer. "I know you're going to object, but you need to be properly 'accessorized' as Kwan would put it. My father has an eye for details. If you hate the jewelry, we can take it back--later."

"I won't hate the jewelry. I just don't think you should spend so much money on me," I said as I accepted the box. "Besides, from what you've told me, your father's opinion shouldn't matter one way or the other." Of course, I knew that wasn't true at all. I could read a lot more in what Tristan had said--and not said--about his father than he gave me credit for. Cold and indifferent parents are the kind children spend their lives trying to please or impress.

The bracelet and earrings were set with a gemstone I didn't recognize. They were perfectly matched square cut stones set in rose-colored gold. Each was about the size of my thumbnail. But it was the color that made them so unique. Not orange and not pink, the warm glow of the crystals was somewhere in between. They reminded me of an autumn sunset.

"I purposely chose something modest. I know how squirrelly you are about expensive gifts."

"Yes, I'm sure you bought these at Claire's," I said sarcastically.

"Claire's?"

"Nevermind, it isn't a place you'll ever set foot in. What are the stones?"

"Imperial topaz. Unusual, aren't they? I thought the color would suit you."

"They're beautiful. Thank you."

"That's it? I don't have to argue with you about it? Just a graceful 'thank you'? My, my, perhaps you're growing up."

"Keep it up and I won't wear them," I threatened, but with a smile. I held out my hand and he fastened the clasp around my wrist. Then he brought my hand to his lips and brushed a kiss over my fingers.

"You deserve beautiful things. You wouldn't frame a Van Gogh in plastic, and you should be adorned and clothed like the masterpiece that you are."

I turned back to the mirror and put the earrings on. He watched me from behind with an expression that was dangerous and devouring. There was a possessive side to him and I couldn't decide how I felt about that. On the one hand, I was thrilled that he wanted me. On the other, I resented the way he wanted to control me without giving me anything to ... hold on to.

When I turned and met his eyes I felt as if I was falling again. Falling into his depths, getting lost in the tangle of his desire and losing myself in the dense jungle of his damaged soul. I looked at him and knew that it was impossible to be near him without wanting him. At that moment it was enough. It had to be enough.

We went out to the ancient elevator and I used the long ride to admire how fine he looked. He had chosen a rather understated outfit for our brunch meeting with his father. The bespoke suit he had worn to dinner the night before had been replaced by a blue blazer and a pair of khaki slacks. His crisp white shirt accentuated his tawny skin and gold-brown hair. He glowed with good health and prosperity down to the tips of his perfect fingers. Today he chose not to wear a tie, but he had tucked a red pocket square in the breast pocket of his sport coat. The double-breasted blazer emphasized the broadness of his shoulders, his strong chest and narrow waist. For the thousandth time, I thought him as beautiful a man as had ever been made.

We drove nearly the entire way to the Pump Room in silence. He was trying hard to appear casual, but I could sense his mood. There was tension in his jaw and his grip on the Bentley's steering wheel was a little too tight.

"The Pump Room used to be about as old school as the Drake Hotel. A couple of years ago, the hotel that it's attached to was sold and the restaurant was completely overhauled. I'm kind of surprised my father still goes there."

"He's not fond of change?"

"That's part of it. But also because it was one of my mother's favorites. They used to go there on New Year's Eve." He smiled. "They took me there for brunch once in a blue moon. The thing I remember the clearest was the midget who served coffee."

"A midget?"

"I'm not kidding. He was a midget dressed in pink satin livery with an ostrich plume on his turban."

"That would certainly make an impression on a kid. Or anyone for that matter."

"I hope you aren't too disappointed. I think they did away with the midget years ago."

The valet took our keys and Tristan led me through the doors as if seeing his father was the most natural thing in the world. When Mr. King rose to greet us, the resemblance to his son was striking. He had Tristan's regal bearing, the same aristocratic features and an almost identical smile. But where Tristan was golden, Bradley King was dark. His hair was once jet black but now showed silver at the temples. His eyes were dark chocolate and almost unreadable as they took me in. If my presence at the table was a surprise, he didn't let on. Like Tristan's eyes, his seemed to bore right through me.

I found myself appraising his body. Under the pinstriped suit were shoulders every bit as broad as his son's, a chest that looked solid and strong, narrow hips that ended in long graceful legs. I couldn't stop myself from wondering if under those perfectly creased pants was a cock as beautiful and talented as his son's. I mentally pinched myself for even going there.

"Father, this is Raina Harding."

"Brad King," he said as he took my hand. His grip was more powerful than I had expected but I saw the same elegant King fingers. His smile seemed forced. "I'm happy to meet you, Raina."

The two men didn't embrace or even shake hands. Tristan hadn't told me how long it had been since he had even talked to his father, but I suspected it had been a while. We sat down, Tristan to my right and Mr. King to my left. The two men faced each other across the small table.

Their conversation was bland and all business. But it was plain that they followed each other's exploits carefully. Both men were able to converse about the other's triumphs in different financial arenas with ease. I felt quite irrelevant. Mr. King had forced a few polite questions out at the beginning of the meal--where I was from, where I went to school, that sort of thing--and then turned his frosty attention on his son.

I picked at the meal in front of me and wondered what Tristan's purpose had been in arranging the meeting. Did he want to impress upon me that his reserve was an inherited trait? I didn't see much value in that discovery. It changed nothing.

Tristan put his hand to his coat pocket and pulled out his vibrating phone. "You'll have to excuse me, I need to take this call," he said as he rose from his seat and left the table. Alone with Mr. King, I felt small and childlike. I wanted to dazzle him with some witty conversation but I drew a complete blank and settled for what probably looked like a stupid grin.

"How well do you know my son?"

Yikes. I felt a twist in my heart and a tingle between my legs. "We've been seeing each other a few months."

He went straight for my heart. "Tristan rarely takes the time to introduce me to the young ladies he sees. I take it there's something serious going on?"

How was I supposed to answer that? I was tempted to tell him that I was the only serious one but thought better of it. "Your son has been very good to me. And to my family."

Mr. King smirked. "I'm sure my son can afford to be as generous as it pleases him to be."

I didn't like the implication. "I care very much about Tristan, Mr. King. He's a fine man."

"He's a fine catch. Especially for ... someone like you."

"Someone like me?" I was dressed to the nines, decked with jewels and hadn't mentioned a word about my family's circumstances. Bennington was a respectable school and I was well spoken enough. So what gave me away?

"Oh, please. You needn't be defensive. I simply meant that Tristan could have any one of dozens of stars or heiresses or even royalty. You seem rather straight forward and down to earth." He took a sip of his wine and continued, "Then again, I hardly know my son. What I know is what I read in the papers. Only not the papers these days. You know what I mean."

"I've seen the pictures, too, Mr. King. I don't imagine myself to be as glamorous as the ladies on his arm on the internet."

"Plastic, all of them. I meet plenty of that variety myself." He fixed me with his dark enigmatic stare. "You know about the girl?"

"You mean Elsa?"

"I had hoped that she would ... that she could be the one who healed him. I never met her."

That surprised me. I felt a selfish sense of satisfaction that I was the one who he'd brought to meet his father. "Tristan has a lot of hurt in him." Then I said something that I thought I might regret. It just came out. "You could be part of healing him, too, Mr. King."

The mask just crumbled in front of my eyes. I saw it as clearly as if he had reached up and peeled off a false face. "I would love to be part of that." To my utter surprise, he reached over and took my hand. "I'm getting old enough to have regrets. And one of my biggest regrets is my only son. Success is a cold companion, Raina. I don't want Tristan to wind up like me."

"Why don't you talk to him?"

"What can I say? 'I'm sorry I ruined your childhood'? 'Forgive me for not having the strength to bear the tragedy'? 'Let me make up for abandoning a poor child whose heart was breaking?' I can't go back and fix what I broke."

"No, you can't go back. But you can go forward." I wanted to gather the man in my arms and tell him it would be all right. I squeezed his hand. "Right now, you've got a son who speaks to you like you're a distant acquaintance. What have you got to lose by trying to break the pattern? People can change, Mr. King."

He put his other hand over mine and gave me a smile that was as kind as his former one had been cold. "You remind me of my late wife. Her optimism was like a lighthouse to everyone who knew her. I wasn't the easiest man to live with. But I loved her. I still do."

"That's a wonderful thing to say."

The look on Tristan's face when he found me sitting with my hand in his father's hands was priceless. For a man in perpetual control of his emotions, the shock on his face was almost comical. I had to stifle a laugh but couldn't help but give him a slightly self-satisfied grin. It couldn't have been more obvious that I had the salty old dog eating out of my hand.

He was visibly trying to gather his wits as he settled into his chair. Mr. King and I dropped our hands and both of us looked at Tristan. He cleared his throat. "I guess you two found something to talk about."

"We were talking about you," I said. It was a bold admission and I meant for it to shake Tristan's composure. The whole idea of keeping a distance from your own parent appalled me from the first time I learned of it. It was unnatural and painful.

Tristan shifted uncomfortably. "I see. Well."

"Raina has a way of cutting to the chase. She may be young, but she has the courage to speak her mind."

"Father, truer words were never spoken. Sometimes she says things that are better left unsaid." Tristan shot me a look that was a mixture of contempt and--could it be?--fear.

"Don't blame her. She only brought out something I've been keeping in for too long."

Tristan cocked an eyebrow at his father and waited for him to continue.

"Okay. Here it is. I'm tired of the distance between us, son. I read every word I can about you and your life and it's precious little. I can't turn back the clock, but as Raina pointed out to me, I can move forward. I want to get to know you. I want ... to be a father to you. If it's too late, I'll accept that, but I don't want to die without having tried to make it right with you."

Tristan looked at his hands and his jaw clenched. "Are you sick? Is there something you're not telling me?"

Bradley King threw back his head and laughed. "Do you imagine that only my imminent death would bring this on?"

Tristan folded his arms across his chest and just looked at his father.

"No, I am not dying."

The arms dropped.

"I'm finally old enough to know what's important. And you, son, are important to me."

There was an eternity of silence. "You're important to me, too, Dad." It was almost a whisper but we both heard it. I felt like I was going to cry with pure happiness.

"Then we'll build on that." Mr. King flagged a waiter down and ordered a bottle of champagne. "To toast new beginnings."

For the first time since we sat down, I saw Tristan's face relax. The tension left his jaw and he smiled with something closer to genuine contentment than I had seen outside of the bedroom.

"As long as we're celebrating, there's some good news I'd like to share. Father, I'll tell you the whole story in just a minute, but first let me tell Raina something." He turned to me and took my hand. It seemed a day for hand holding. "They caught your mother's kidnappers."

I saw Mr. King's eyebrows shoot up but he let Tristan continue on uninterrupted.

"Archie's hunches usually turn out to be true. He thought they'd be right in your neighborhood and he and his men made contact with an amazing number of shopkeepers. Everyone knows Marjorie and Don and you'd be amazed at the cooperation they gave him. It was all a matter of tracking the serial numbers. Once the bills started showing up, Archie was able to zero in on a couple of places and drill down to who was passing the bills."

"Was it someone we know, like you thought?"

"Yes, unfortunately it was. It was Vito Caperelli."

"Oh no. He was Dad's friend."

"He was broke. He was into the local numbers game way over his head. Apparently, Mrs. Caperelli couldn't resist telling her crummy brother-in-law all about you and I. He saw an advantage and took it. Working with your father, he knew all about the union trouble and probably thought we'd assume, as we did, that they were behind it. It might have worked if they hadn't dropped your mother's nickname."

"But mom would have recognized Vito!"

"He hired three guys from out of town. He paid them off, paid off the numbers guy and still had cash to spend. That's how he got nailed."

"Mrs. C?"

"The only thing she's guilty of is being a terrible gossip. Archie says she's broken up. She blames herself."

Tristan filled his father in on the whole story including my father's continuing clashes with the union and how he and Archie intended to get to the bottom of that situation as well.

"You know, if I hadn't met Raina I'd probably tell you to walk away from the whole mess. You're putting yourself in a vulnerable position. But," he smiled my way, "I have met her. All I can say is if there's anything I can do to help ..."

"Thanks, Dad. And I may call on you. The guys stirring up all the trouble aren't from New York. They're from Chicago. Your influence might be useful here."

Nine

We were sitting on the stuffy sofa in our hotel living room. The early afternoon sun slanted through the buildings and onto the lake outside. I snuggled against Tristan's shoulder and basked in what I considered a major accomplishment. There were no material things I could give him, but I had brought his father back into his life. To me, it was important. It balanced us, just a little.

He didn't look at me when he began to speak. "When I was in college, I decided that I couldn't really love a woman. The ones I met were so fucking shallow or so painfully stupid or both that I wasn't able to get beyond it. Women--girls really--pretty much threw themselves at me the entire time I was at Wharton. My father's success, my academic track record ..."

"Your mouth-watering good looks," I couldn't help add.

"Thank you, yeah I suppose that too. Those were the qualities the women saw and that was why I attracted their attention."

"Well, all those things are part of you, aren't they?"

"A very superficial part. I couldn't put labels on what it was I wanted. I just knew I hadn't found it." He sucked in a deep breath. I could see him will himself to go on. "And, although I didn't really admit it to myself, my mother's death had left me with ... God I hate this term ... fear of abandonment. It was, and still is, a deep scar."

This was it. Elsa.

"When we met, I knew she was utterly different from any woman I'd ever known. For one thing, she seemed completely unimpressed by me and not at all attracted."

"I find it hard to believe any woman could fail to find you attractive." He ignored my comment.

"We shared a study group and those can get very intense. You get cases assigned and as a group, you have to present your findings. One lazy ass or one fuck up and you're dead. At the same time, the MBA program is cutthroat--a lot like law school. Graduating at the top of the program is critical."

"I wasn't concerned about that because I had already made up my mind which direction I was headed in. I wasn't going to be looking for any job; I was going to start my own firm. Elsa," he seemed to almost choke on the name, "was talented without being ego driven. Frankly, in spite of her brilliance, I didn't think she had the balls to succeed."

"By the time we graduated, Elsa and I had become good friends. I had already decided she'd be a great addition to my team and that working for me would be a good way for her to cut her teeth in the business and maybe harden up a bit. She became my right hand. She seemed to know what needed to be done before I told her and her business sense was totally in sync with mine."

"We were together constantly. One day, I just realized I was in love with her. It hit me hard. When I admitted it to her, she just told me she'd been waiting for me to get my head out of my ass long enough to see it." He grinned ruefully and flexed his fingers in front of him. Then he got up and stood by the window, half in shadow and almost turned away from me.

"We had it all. The world was ours. We mapped out a perfect life, planned all of the things couples plan. Her parents were elated, my father was mostly indifferent."

Tristan gazed out at the lake, graying in the fading afternoon.

"When she died, all those plans were buried under a mountain of snow. I was directionless. I threw myself into work, as people tend to do, and that translated into the fortune I have today. I treated every deal as if it was the last deal I'd ever do. I worked, literally, as if there was no tomorrow. Because, for me, there wasn't."

He walked back to me and stood in front of me, taking both of my hands in his.

"I hope you can understand now. I promised you that I would tell you why I ask you to live without expectations. Because ... because expectations hurt. Expectations get crumpled under a semi on a slick highway or buried under an avalanche in the Alps."

He looked at me with such sadness that I wanted to weep for him.

"I know that this isn't what you want to hear. But I told you at the beginning and I'm telling you again now. If you can be happy what I have to give you, I promise I'll be very good to you. I know that the time may come when you won't be satisfied with those limitations. When that day comes, I'll deal with it with as much grace as I can muster."

I took a deep breath. I had thought about how I would handle this all weekend long. It was time. "Tristan, I do understand. And, within your ... limitations ... I'd like to continue to see you and enjoy you."

His face lit up, victorious. But I wasn't through.

"However, I'm going to have to impose some limitations of my own."

"I guess that's only fair."

"And it may be that you can't live with them. That's a risk I have to take." I paused to hold on to my composure under the look he was giving me. It was enough to tear my resolve to pieces.

"Go ahead."

"First, you have to stop using your money to 'help' me or my family. I am grateful for all that you've done, but I want you to bow out of the union situation with my father. He's a big boy and he can take care of himself."

"Second, I'm going to be working now and making a decent living. No more wardrobes, no more jewelry. I can dress myself. If I have the time to take a trip, I understand you have a plane and I won't refuse to fly in it. But tone down the billionaire routine. It makes me uncomfortable."

"Third, we're going to limit the time we spend together. You know that you're the most amazing, mind-blowing lover I could ever hope to have. But sex isn't everything. I can't be in your bed every night and have a real life away from you. And I need a real life away from you if I am to continue to enjoy you. You can't be my life if there's no chance we'll ever have a life."

He waited a moment before he spoke. "So, what's the limit? On the time we can spend together?"

I hadn't really gotten that far in my thinking.

"Really, Raina," he pressed, "Twice a week, three times a week? If I don't see you one week can I get four days in a row?" He spat the questions out with some bitterness. It clearly wasn't what he wanted. Well too fucking bad. It isn't really what I want, either.

"A few times a week. Don't get petty about it. I'm not going to keep a calendar and check off days."

"Does lunch count or are we just talking actual dates ?"

"Tristan, please."

He was pissed that he couldn't have everything his way. But I could see him soften. I wasn't being unreasonable, after all. How could he expect me to turn my very existence over to a man who adamantly rejected a future?

"Very well, then. But one last thing."

"Shoot."

"You have to keep the stuff I've already bought for you."

"Okay."

"And I think I ought to be able to give you gifts. What's the use of having money if I can't spend some on you?" I had to laugh at the little boy way he almost whined that out.

"What's wrong with flowers ... or chocolate?"

"Hmmpff," he pouted.

"Most men would be thankful that I'm not a gold-digger."

"I'm not most men."

"That much I know." I pulled him down beside me on the couch and kissed him with affection and desire. "It won't be so bad, you'll see. Let's just enjoy each other."

He pulled me tightly against his chest and breathed against my hair. "Let's not waste any time. Let's start enjoying right now."

So began the edgy dance that would carry us along for many weeks.

Ten

My life at Clemson's Bookmark, on both floors, was more than I could have expected. Manhattan was a different world than Brooklyn. I had grown up in New York City, but Manhattan made me feel like a country hick. I had many occasions to be thankful for the wardrobe Tristan had supplied me for our trip to Chicago. It made feel less a rube when I walked down the busy streets full of finely dressed professionals hustling about their daily lives. Of course there were bums and eccentrics garbed in all sorts of outlandish outfits, but I wanted to fit in with the purposeful men and women who dressed like they were going somewhere.

When Jenn finally made it into the city to see my apartment on her winter break she couldn't believe my luck. Mom had helped me brighten it up with some colorful prints and the worn, but still nice rag rug from my bedroom was just the trick to liven up the living room. I had fresh flowers in every room. True to form, Tristan had held me to my word on accepting flowers and sent me fresh bouquets several times a week.

"So you're still with Tristan." It wasn't a question. It was more of a challenge.

"I wouldn't say 'with'. We're still seeing each other." I tried to sound casual as if going out with a gorgeous billionaire I was crazy about was just another every day part of my life.

"C'mon. You're talking to me here, Rains. Truth time."

"That is the truth. We made a deal. He won't commit farther than next Monday and I won't let have my life one day at a time. Let's say I'm on a diet--a Tristan King diet."

"So how often do you see him and what do you do?"

"Twice a week, sometimes three times. A lunch now and then when he can get away from his desk. There's a big push at the end of the year in the world of high finance."

"And?"

"And ... we eat at one fantastic restaurant after another. He's got a box at Lincoln Center and season tickets to everything whether he uses them or not. I had two days off in a row and we flew to Bermuda for a 48 hour getaway. See all these flowers? I could open my own funeral home. Check the refrigerator. Bet you won't recognize some of the chocolates in there. I hardly have room for actual food."

"And?"

"And ... each evening we spend together ends in atom splitting, planet shifting, nuclear meltdown worthy sex."

"Sleep over?"

"Sometimes, if I don't have to work. Mostly I come home, though. It's a little easier on me. He lives at the Dakota, you know. It's only a dozen blocks."

"How convenient."

"Yes and I see where you're going with that. I thought maybe there was some clever engineering going on with the job, too. At the beginning when Mr. Clemson talked about his grandson being behind the whole computerized book catalog, I thought maybe Tristan had pulled some stunt. But last week I actually met Boyd Clemson. He's genuine, and a nice guy, too."

"Looks like you've come to an arrangement that works. Good for you."

"It works ... to a point. Tristan still takes up most of my conscious thought, though. The more I'm with him, the more I want to be with him. But I've got to keep control of it or I'll lose myself like I almost did before. I can't let him make me crazy, Jenn."

"What about other people? Is this thing with Tristan exclusive?"

"We've never discussed it. Bizarre, huh? But I think that exclusive would definitely fall under the category of some sort of forbidden expectation of commitment."

"Maybe you should see someone else. Get a perspective on normal."

"Jenn, other guys aren't even alive to me anymore."

"That's not healthy or fair to you. You think that limiting yourself to seeing Tristan a few times a week somehow gives you control but that's an illusion. He runs you just as if he had you 24/7."

"I can't imagine wanting anyone but Tristan to touch me."

"Who said anything about touching? But if you don't at least expose yourself to other men, you could be on this merry-go-round with Tristan King forever. Or at least until he get tired of you and trades you in on a more cooperative model."

That thought ran cold through my blood. The thought of Tristan doing to some other woman the things he did to me was almost unbearable. And that bit of self-discovery brought me up short. Jenn was right, the devil's bargain I had made was an illusion.

"Jenn," I said wretchedly, "I don't know what to do. I'd rather cut off my right tit than never to see him again. But you're right. I think the only thing I've accomplished anything by limiting the time I spend with him is to make me more miserable."

"So, if I may ask, what do you do on the nights you don't go out with Tristan?"

"I read. I surf the internet, watch movies."

"Uh-huh."

"I brood?"

"That's a better way of putting it."

"What do you suggest?"

"Sweetie, you're in Manhattan. You're young, you've got plenty of pocket money and everywhere you look there's something to do. Do it! Do something else for a change."

I took Jenn's advice to heart. When Boyd Clemson dropped in the following Thursday, I asked him if he'd like to grab a sandwich at Zabars. I didn't know anything about the guy other than he was a few years older than I, sharp as a tack and really easy on the eyes.

Truthfully, I enjoyed his company. It was a nice change from the intensity I experienced with Tristan. Boyd was about as laid-back and easy going as they come. He told me that his family had been in the publishing business for generations but his grandfather had sold the company back in the sixties for a tidy sum. His father had turned his considerable inheritance into a charitable foundation to promote the arts.

"I am what is disdainfully known as a 'trust fund baby'. Gramps putters around his bookstore. I putter around the world. When the trusts were set up, someone unwisely made them big enough to squash any motivation to work, but small enough to prevent any meaningful business investment," he told me over a pastrami sandwich and Dr. Brown's soda.

"You sound happy enough with your life."

"I am! I am content as hell. Kind of like a neutered Tomcat. I've been effectively castrated of ambition so I am free to devote myself to getting fat and complacent."

"You're not at all fat."

"I was speaking metaphorically."

We strolled a few blocks after lunch, digesting and talking. Boyd was a big theater buff and enjoyed finding the most obscure off-off Broadway productions.

"I can make a big impact by hooking the unknowns up with Dad's foundation. It makes me happy to do it. I love theater. It's so much more 'real' than film."

I told him about my stint as stage manager for the Mahkeenac Little Theater. "I had a great time. I was amazed at how talented the actors were. I'd never seen any amateur theater before and I was just blown away by how good they were."

"The actors I know aren't paid much more than volunteers anyway. Some of the productions are just a pure labor of love."

Boyd started visiting the shop more frequently after our lunch and I began to look forward to seeing him once or twice a week. He was a self-taught computer whiz kid and helped me over more than one 'bump' in the new catalog system.

"I've always had lots of time and state-of-the-art equipment. Plus, geeky-ness runs in our family," he explained.

Boyd had a girlfriend who was in her last year of college and away in Spain for a semester abroad. That suited me fine. I wasn't interested in him as a potential boyfriend anyway. I just wanted to spend some time with someone who didn't make me crazy like Tristan did. When Boyd asked me to pinch hit for a stage manager who'd broken his ankle, I was happy to oblige. I didn't realize it at the time, but my simple favor to my new friend would catapult my relationship to Tristan into a brand new dimension.

Eleven

He called Wednesday evening.

"What do you mean you can't go out Friday night? I haven't seen you at all this week!" Tristan was petulant and acting like a spoiled child.

"I told you that I've committed to stage managing that off-off Broadway play until the regular guy is fit to return. Why don't you come see the play and we'll grab a bite to eat after?"

"Because I don't want to see your crappy little play. I want to have dinner, alone, with you at Per Se."

"I'm very sorry, but I simply can't."

"Blow it off," he demanded.

"No."

"So ... you'd rather blow me off?"

"I'm not blowing you off. I've made a commitment and I can't back out of it just because ..."

"Because I want to see you? What about your commitment to me?"

"I wasn't aware I had any commitment to you." That was cold, I know. But he was being unreasonable. There were plenty of late night options for dinner and his refusal to compromise got under my skin.

"You're absolutely right, Raina. You have no commitment to me at all. Enjoy your weekend." He hung up the phone.

It's possible to feel right and wrong at the same time. Tristan was out of line and I called him on it. Yay me. I didn't know when or if I'd hear from him again. Miserable is a pretty lame word for how rotten I felt. I spent Thursday and Friday in a daze of despair. Imagining a life without Tristan--without him at all--took up every free thought I had. I didn't want to call Jenn. She hadn't been too thrilled with the whole idea of Tristan in the first place. I couldn't call Mom. She and Dad were already a little hurt by what they perceived as Tristan's abandonment and I hadn't told them that it was me who initiated that.

I couldn't really talk to Boyd, either. Somehow I hadn't gotten around to telling him about my bizarre relationship with a man who gave me earth rocking sex, lots of laughter, plenty of kick-ass dates and zero future. Boyd was all about his plans with his girlfriend Phoebe. He had their happy life all mapped out and that was enough to keep me quiet about mine.

I foolishly hoped that I'd spy Tristan in the audience on Friday night. I peeked through the curtains at the audience expecting to see his tawny head towering above the crowd. I smiled with pity for the poor soul who has to sit behind my giant. Only he's not your giant, remember that.

"Hey, it's bad luck to look at the audience," Boyd laughed from behind me. "In which case, I've cursed every production I've ever been involved with. How's the house?"

"Filling up. Looks like we have a decent crowd." Except for the one person I hoped to see...

***

Concentrate. The computer screen was turning into a maze of nonsense. My mind just refused to obey me as I struggled to cross reference 'Shakespeare' with 'Elizabethan'. It was an important interface and I just could not seem to make it work.

Every time the little bell over the door rang I hoped that it would be Tristan or at least the flower delivery guy. The last flowers I'd been sent were looking ragged on my coffee table, but I couldn't bring myself to throw them away. The finality of that was too much. It was a busy day and I had plenty of opportunities to be disappointed.

By the time I turned the key in the lock and headed for the subway I was so damn sad I wondered if I'd be able to make it through the night's performance without bursting into tears. The play was a very erotic tale of lovers who had been separated and reunited. Of course I couldn't watch it without thinking of Tristan. I'd never hurt this way, never missed anyone so keenly, never felt so devastated at a loss. As I listened to the hum of the train over the track, I knew that this was my first real heartbreak. And with that realization came the knowledge that I did love Tristan. Dancing around limitations and saying anything but the 'L' word didn't make what I felt anything but what it was. All the rationalization in the world couldn't stop it from happening. Love trumps logic every time.

It was almost curtain time and I rushed through the stage door and took my place. There was barely enough time to close the store and get to the theater on time. If I had been getting paid I probably would have gotten fired for cutting it to the minute. But I wasn't, so everyone cut me a lot of slack. They were grateful to have me.

I took my place at stage left after I checked the line-up of props. The play was quite simply staged so I didn't have a lot to do, really.

Boyd came up beside me. "I'm leaving early tonight. Phobe's coming home in time for Christmas and I have to pick her up." He wore a full-body smile and I envied him.

"I'd love to meet her when the two of you come up for air."

"Oh for sure. I know you'll like her."

"I know I will, too."

It was during the first intermission that I saw him. Most of the people in the audience got up to stretch their legs or get a drink in the lobby, but Tristan sat five rows back in the center section idly flipping through the playbill. Every nerve ending in my body woke up and started singing. He came, he came, he came!

I had two acts to compose myself which was a very good thing. It wouldn't do to go running down the aisle to leap into his arms. Appearing pleased, but not giddy was the goal. And I knew better than to even hint at how triumphant I felt. But his presence sure felt like a victory to me.

During the second intermission he left his seat and I waited behind the curtain agonizing over whether he would return for the final act. The play wasn't on a par with the kind of things we'd gone to see on Broadway. It wasn't even close to as good as the production Tristan had starred in at the Mahkeenac Little Theater. This one wasn't going to win any Pulitzer Prize, that's for sure. I hoped he had the patience to stick it out.

After the last act crawled millimeter by millimeter to its conclusion, I couldn't wait for the actors to finish their bows. I could bolt out of there almost as soon as the curtain came down for the last time. I'd already put the props back in their places for the Sunday matinee and was tidying up the last bits and pieces when I felt him behind me.

He took my shoulders and spun me around to face him. Without a word, he drew me into a savage, mastering kiss. His hands covered the cheeks of my ass and pressed my hips into him. I willed my mouth to answer him in a way that told him how much I wanted his touch, how keenly I needed to feel him all over me, inside me, completing me as only he could.

Drawing his hands to my chest, he found my breasts and felt for tight nipples under the lace of my bra. His hands. Oh God, his hands. I moaned quietly against his seeking tongue oblivious to the rustle of actors and stage hands around us. Finally he rested my head against his chest and held me there. Feeling his heartbeat, smelling his clean, masculine scent was like being home.

"I couldn't stay away. I missed you."

"Oh God, Tristan, I missed you too."

He tilted my chin up toward his face. "Your play sucks," he smiled.

"I know it. But the playwright has some talent. He just needs time."

"Newsflash for you. There aren't enough years in a lifetime for this guy to improve."

"But the actors ..."

"Are just okay. Let's get out of here."

Riding through post theater traffic, we pawed our way back toward his apartment. He'd closed the privacy screen after I'd said a brief hello to Kwan. His hand was under my dress where he found a grateful and eager pussy wet with desire for his touch. I stroked over the bulge in his trousers and began to unzip his fly to free it.

"Wait a second." He tapped the button and the black window lowered. "Kwan, you remember that Cuban joint in Hoboken?"

"La Isla?"

"That's the one. That's where we're going." The window silently closed us back into our little world.

"Hoboken? Isn't that pretty far to go for Cuban food?" I asked him.

"I think we can fill the time ..."

His mouth was on mine in a rough, devouring kiss that left no doubt about what he intended to fill our time with. I loved all the many ways Tristan chose to take me, but my favorite was his 'take no prisoners' approach. He pulled my dress over my head and threw it to the side. The leather of the converted Escalade he used as his 'town' car was warm against my skin. It was like traveling in a rich cocoon. I could barely see the lights of the passing cityscape through the darkly tinted windows.

He pulled off my boots and slowly rolled my thigh-high stockings down my legs. Tristan lingered at the backs of my knees, whispering his fingertips on the sensitive skin until I shivered. When he came to my feet he rubbed the toes and curled my instep with a fingernail scraped along their responsive soles.

My bra unhooked, he wove his thumbs into the straps and bared my breasts. His eyes narrowed at the sight of them and he leaned into my chest inhaling the scent of my hot skin. My nipples puckered when he licked them and left them again and again. Then his hands were at my panties. He didn't remove them immediately but worried around the edges of my thighs getting closer and closer to the spreading moisture between my legs. His thumbs rubbed over the silk against my clit and I moaned with my mounting appetite for his touch.

Finally, he stripped the thong down my hips. He was on his knees in front of me, fully clothed. It made me feel vulnerable and needy to watch him rake over my nakedness. He slid my hips forward and took my sex into his mouth without preamble. Splaying my knees with my hands, I opened myself shamelessly. I wanted to feel his tongue flicker against my clit. It was rigid with arousal, begging for him. My love, pleasure me. I said it in my mind, and told him with my willing body. This time there were no toys, no blindfolds or ice. Just the raw human contact of his lips on my tender folds as he buried his face between my legs. I pushed against him, groaning with the absolute perfection of his touch. He hummed 'yes, yes' into my pussy and I felt the vibration of the words ripple up through my core. Two fingers stroked inside me and brought a deluge that he lapped from me as if it was champagne. So hot, so erotic, so primal. I moved against him faster and faster, unable and unwilling to control my greedy body. The stubble on his chin scraped against the swollen flesh that I bounced against his face. I came with stars and screams; spasms of light shot through me and made me his again.

Wide-eyed and heaving I watched him unzip his pants and roughly push his garments to his knees. He didn't bother to do more than expose his hips and his raging erection. He sat beside me and hoisted me over him, impaling me on his cock. His girth stretched my wet channel around him and he grabbed me with his hands at my hips.

"Fuck me now. Ride me hard."

I didn't need to be asked twice. Bucking against his groin while the road rolled under us excited us both and we fell into a primitive rhythm. It was artless. It was crude need. I loved it.

His face was intensely contorted. I banged down on him, propelled by his hands the slap, slap of our flesh mingling with guttural grunts of exertion as we strained toward climax. When I reached around and cupped his tight ball sack in my hand, I could feel him tip over the edge. I added a roll of my hips each time the base of his cock touched my body, grinding my clit into him as hard as I could.

When I felt the contractions I breathed, "I'm coming now, give me ... give me."

He gave. Great gushes of hot spunk hit me inside. He slammed my hips hard against his with each spurt, growling his release each time. I 'd feel the power of his bruising fuck for days. I knew I'd savor each time the delicious ache reminded me how it got there.

Twelve

My apartment was full of flowers again. I hadn't intended to decorate for Christmas, except what Mr. Clemson and I had done for the shop, but Tristan sent over a little three foot tree that was perfect. It was exquisitely decorated with miniature ornaments, satin ribbons and a darling lace skirt and of course, it looked like it had cost a fortune. My mother's tree still boasted craft dough stars and clothespin reindeer my sisters and I contributed over the years. Tristan had mentioned how special his mother had made Christmas for him and as I worked the stacks I wondered what I could do to bring some of that magic back for him.

"The stage manager returns tomorrow," I told him the Sunday after our weekend reconciliation.

"Thank God for that. I hope that you intend to give me 'credit' for the nights I didn't get to see you. By my count, you owe me at least four nights."

"I have a favor to ask you."

"Anything for you. You should know that by now. Are you ready for me to replace that godawful car of yours?"

"No, I want the key to your apartment."

"Isn't this a rather drastic turnaround? Just a couple weeks ago you were limiting me to a 'few' dates a week."

I laughed. "I'm not moving in. I just want to surprise you with something. Can you trust me with your keys for a day?"

"I suppose so ... You aren't going to steal the silver are you?"

"No."

"Swipe my Cezanne?"

"No."

"Mangle my Monet?"

"No, I promise I won't touch your treasures."

"Oh please! My treasures adore your touch!"

"You know what I mean."

"Okay, when do you need the keys?"

"Tuesday. I have the day off. You need to stay at the office all day."

"Such mystery."

"I think you'll like what I have planned. Can you drop the keys off at the book store tomorrow? You do know where it is, don't you? Right across from Zabars."

"I know it, but I have to ... I'll leave them with the doorman. He knows you."

I spent Monday on line and on the telephone. One of the most amazing things about New York is that you can literally get anything you want delivered to your doorstep. It took every penny I had saved from my time at the Bookmark but I managed to pull together a respectable semblance of a traditional Christmas in Tristan's apartment.

I had a live tree, of course. The ornaments were all old-fashioned German glass ones with lovely bright colors and lots of sparkle. I remembered his comment about the time his mother wrapped the presents in 'natural' materials and he didn't like the lack of shine. I went all out with shine. Live garlands adorned each window sill and I found some pretty brass lamps that looked like very realistic candlesticks for the windows. I hung two ornate stockings on the mantle and a beautiful wreath on the door. Gingerbread scented candles mingled their sweetness with the crisp piney greens.

I had several boxes--just little things--wrapped up in gold and red that I arranged under the tree. I had fun in the toy store when I discovered the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were back and bigger than ever. It wasn't hard to find a set of genuine TMNT nunchucks and the latest versions of the action figures. I figured I couldn't buy him anything fancy so I went for fun instead.

I locked the door behind me, returned the keys to the doorman and was back at the Bookmark an hour before our closing time of six o'clock. Boyd was talking with his grandfather and a pretty girl I knew must be Phoebe when I arrived.

"This is my Phoebe," Boyd smiled. "The light of my life."

"I am so pleased to meet you, Phoebe. Boyd never stops talking about you." She had a heart-shaped face, big blue eyes and strawberry blond hair. I couldn't help but think she had to stand out in any Spanish crowd.

"Pleased to meet you, too, Raina. Boyd's been telling me about what you guys are doing for Grandpa Clemson. It's long overdue." She patted the old man on the hand. "You need to join the modern world, Grandpa."

I envied her the familiarity and the easy way she fit herself right into Boyd's life. Even though I hit it off well enough with Bradley King, I couldn't imagine ever calling him 'Dad'.

"Let's close up and go have a drink, shall we?" asked Mr. Clemson. "It seems like ages since you've been around to indulge and old man, Phoebe."

We all turned our collars to the cold damp wind that had blown in that afternoon. We hadn't had any snow but Mr. Clemson remarked that it looked like a 'snowy sky'. I always hoped for a white Christmas. It added to the magic of the season. I took out my phone and checked the time. It wasn't even five thirty yet and Tristan probably wouldn't get home for another hour or more. I was impatient to know his reaction. I thought he'd be pleased, but there was a tiny niggling fear that perhaps I had somehow overstepped the limits. There had been so few opportunities for me to do anything for Tristan, it was always the other way around. Maybe he wouldn't like the sentimental gesture. Oh well, too late.

We swept into Kilburn's propelled by the force of a sudden icy gust against our backs. It was half full but we found a nice warm booth toward the back, away from chilly blasts from the door. Mr. Clemson and I sat on one side and Boyd and Phoebe snuggled tight together on the other.

"So, what were you up to today?" Boyd asked me.

"I was planning a Christmas surprise for a friend."

"I went shopping," Phoebe put in. "Spain is wonderful, but there's nothing that can compare to Fifth Avenue at Christmas time. I'm so glad to be back. I've missed everyone so much."

"And we've missed you, my dear," Mr. Clemson smiled.

"I can't wait to see the rest of the family too. Boyd, what's your hunk of a cousin up to lately?"

"Making money hand over fist, I'd guess. We haven't seen much of him lately," Boyd answered as he tipped back his drink.

"You know he always disappears at the end of the year. It's a very busy time for him. We haven't seen him at the Bookmark for ... I don't know probably since before Raina started working there."

"You'd think," added Boyd, "that he'd stop to see you once in a while, Gramps. He lives right in the neighborhood."

I was suddenly listening to the banter a little harder and took a big gulp of my wine.

"He's a strange young man. He was terribly interested in the shop after he returned from the Hills in September. But then he disappeared. I've had a hard time understanding him most of his life." Mr. Clemson shook his head.

"We had great times as kids. But after Aunt Maryann passed away, he and Uncle Brad hardly ever came to the East anymore."

"He takes after his father. It's very rare that I see any of my daughter's soft edges in our Tristan." He paused before asking Boyd, "Didn't he suggest you give me a hand upgrading our system and developing a website?"

"Sure, but it was long overdue."

Gulp. Tristan. Gulp. He had never once come into the shop when it was open and had spent only a few fleeting moments in my little apartment since I moved there. He'd listened to me talk about the job, about Boyd, his cousin and dear Mr. Clemson, his grandfather. And he had never said a word.

I was swimming in a flood of conflicting emotions. It was clear to me that Tristan had deceived me. He had engineered the job and then he continued the deception by pretending he knew nothing about the Bookmark or the people in it. I was feeling a slow, angry burn inside but I was determined to stay in control and not over react. When my phone rang and I saw that it was Tristan, I let it go to voicemail, muted the ringer and stuffed the damn thing into my purse.

It was manipulative and controlling. It was typically Tristan. And, even worse was the fact that he had used my father as a front for his little scheme. We had already stopped seeing one another when my father came forward with the 'friend of a friend' story. I had a fleeting moment of suspicion when I realized how close the bookshop was to the Dakota and another one when Mr. Clemson had told me about his grandson. But the job seemed perfect so I had pushed my doubts to the back of my mind. When I finally met Boyd Clemson, I was able to relax. The grandson behind the push for the new system was plausible.

Of course, it never occurred to me to question Mr. Clemson or Boyd about other grandsons. Grandsons of daughters with married names. And no one at the Bookmark had said a word about Tristan until Phoebe brought him up. That was strange to me. Once his name was out in the open, they didn't seem reluctant to talk about him at all. I wondered how that was possible. Surely he would have told them to keep his relationship with the shop a secret.

I finished my second glass of wine as the conversation turned to dinner plans. The threesome invited me, but I declined. "I have some things I really have to take care of tonight. You guys go ahead." I gave Phoebe a little hug goodbye. "I'm so glad I got to meet you at last. I hope we can see more of one another."

The three of them headed down the block for a pizza joint that had some of the best calzone in the city. Boyd had brought some into the Bookmark. We had shared them at work and I was hooked.

I thought one more glass of wine might help lubricate my thought process and provide some liquid courage. My cell phone tallied three missed calls, all from Tristan. I resisted listening to the messages he left. There were texts, too. He never texted. He said it was a method of communication for kids. But there they were: "Where are you?", "Why aren't you answering me?", "I want to see you now!". In spite of my mood I had to smile at those. He didn't know the abbreviations--'u' for 'you' or 'c' for 'see'--every word was painfully spelled out.

I turned the phone over again and again in my hand as I contemplated what I was going to say to him. It wasn't the best idea in the world, but I ordered a fourth glass of wine as I watched the phone light up with yet another call. Finally, I turned it off.

It was only a few blocks walk to the Dakota. Thinking the cold wind would clear my head, I started to walk toward his building. I wanted the walk to last longer than it did. Too soon I found myself staring up at the imposing old building. Once inside, I had the urge to flee. Suck it up, Raina. Get it done.

The doorman recognized me and gave me a little nod. He was a vigilant gatekeeper who kept the unwashed masses from buzzing the apartments of the luxury apartments of the wealthy and reclusive residents. I pressed the button for Tristan's apartment. He didn't ask who it was. He simply said, "Raina?"

"Yes, it's me."

The door to the inner sanctum sounded a jarring welcome as I let myself in. The elegant elevator slid up noiselessly until I reached Tristan's floor. When the doors opened he was standing there, waiting. I hoped for anger so I'd have an excuse to pit my own against his. But he gathered me in his arms with a fierce protectiveness as a father might embrace an almost lost child.

"Oh God. Oh God," he murmured into my hair. "Jesus I was so worried." He rained kisses on my face clutching me and running his hands over me as if he was trying to reassure himself that I was real. I had been so keyed up with alcohol and anticipation that I hadn't noticed how cold I was. The lightweight coat I wore was no match for the bitter wind tunneling down the streets. I shivered.

Tristan pulled me into his apartment and took my coat. He wrapped me in an afghan and settled down with me on the couch. The room was just as I had left it; decorated and scented with the cinnamon of Christmas. I observed my handiwork as a stranger.

"What happened? Where were you? Why didn't you answer me?"

"I was out," I answered him as I groped for some way to begin.

"You didn't have your phone?"

"Yes, I had it." Tristan looked at me, waiting for more. "I was with Boyd and Phoebe." I paused too long.

"And my grandfather."

"Yes."

"I can explain."

"You lied to me."

"I didn't lie."

"Then what do you call it?"

"A sin of omission."

I snorted and rolled my eyes. "Don't play me for a fool. You lied. I asked you to butt out of my life--to leave me to make my way without your interference. You just couldn't stop controlling me, could you?"

"Will you listen to me? Please?"

I just stared at him. The cold was leaving my body, but it stayed in my eyes.

"You hadn't laid out your stupid conditions when I ... when I thought of Grandfather's shop. The whole situation was well under way when you put the brakes on. Think about it. It was the day your mother returned. I was about to tell you all about the Bookmark, about the perfect opportunity it was for you when you pulled that shit about how I couldn't give you what you wanted."

I thought. And he was right. The conversation about my employment was the catalyst for that awful separation. The separation I couldn't manage to maintain.

"By the time I saw you again, you already had the job. I was too afraid that you'd bolt again if you knew I had a hand in it."

"But you let me believe I got that job on my own."

"You did get the job on your own. Grandfather didn't know anything about you. All I did was suggest he needed an upgrade and Boyd agreed with me. I set the stage, but when you went to the shop to talk to him you were just a girl looking for a job. A job that was a perfect match. I swear I didn't tell him to hire you."

"But you enlisted my father's help, too. And you never told me that."

"Again, your father didn't know I had anything to do with arranging the job. I've gotten to know a few of the guys he works with. I mentioned the job to one of them. It was all very casual."

"That sounds all too convenient."

"Look, my grandfather is an old man. He can't keep that shop forever. He legitimately needed help and the Bookmark needed to move into the times if it was going to survive. Can you at least agree to that much?"

"Okay ... but it's awfully coincidental."

"Who is better qualified for that job than you? Who?" He got up and paced. His tone was almost pleading. "You've got the right degree. You have experience in complex retrieval systems. You know your way around web sites and technology. I didn't have to suggest you to Grandfather. All I had to do was get the two of you together."

"But you never let on ..."

"What would have happened then? I know you by now. You're ready to run at the slightest provocation."

"Like you did the day my mother came home?"

"Touche. That was a mistake. I was miserable. And scared."

"Scared of what?"

"Lots of things. Scared of opening up to you. Scared of letting you inside the wall. Scared, most of all, that I'd love you and lose you."

My heart started to pound.

"But I came back. I wanted to try. I couldn't stand being without you."

Boom. Boom. Boom.

"I wanted to tell you several times. But you kept going off on me. You told me you had 'no commitment to me' at the very moment I wanted to ... Anyway, you pissed me off."

"What did you want to do, Tristan?"

"I don't like your terms. I don't like the arbitrary limits." He came over to the couch and pulled me to my feet, holding me close and squeezing the breath out of me with his embrace.

"I want to know that you'll be there for me. That you won't bolt out of my life. I've stopped being able to imagine a future that doesn't have you in it." He put me at arm's length and trained his magic eyes on mine. "You've brought something back that I thought I'd never feel again. I stopped looking past next week a long time ago. You have me dreaming again. But in every dream I have, you're the star."

He touched his lips to mine and kissed a tender ache into my core.

"I love you, Raina. It still scares the devil out of me but I swear I love you. Without limits, without conditions, and with every glorious expectation that my life is by your side."

I couldn't stop the tears that spilled blissfully down my cheeks. "Oh, Tristan, I love you too. With all my heart, I do."

He reached up and caught a salty drop and brought it to his mouth. "Sacred tears." I saw his eyes glisten, too. Every breath, every hour had led to this moment.

"Make love to me. Tell me with your body and then tell me again with your words."

We joined together in an act of willful forgetting. Our bodies slid past the valleys of doubt and the shadow of fear into a place so filled with light that it warmed away all angles. We were made into a circle, eternally without beginning or end.

Every man or woman who's ever said "I love you" knows the power of those words newly uttered. The pleasure of our bodies was elevated, crystallized and transformed. He kissed me with promises. His lips burned against mine and fused our mouths in more than simple desire. When he touched my breasts my nipples ached under his hands. His touch was sanctified by a simple phrase.

There was new born urgency in us. We both knew that there'd still be plenty of play, that there was a lifetime of games and giggles ahead of us. But on that night our coupling was a consummation. His body covered mine possessively and I felt the heat of his erection burning against my wet thighs. He moved his hips up over mine and his cock found me waiting to be taken. The flesh between my legs was reaching for him knowing that this particular moment would never come again.

Tristan bore into me with a slow, powerful thrust until he was as far inside me as our bodies would allow. I wrapped my legs around his waist and we were still for a moment. He put his warm hands, gentle and powerful at the sides of my face and looked at me.

"I love you. I love you now and I'll love you more tomorrow and all the tomorrows after that."

He moved inside me with graceful, reverent thrusts. The thick head lingered against the spot inside that was his secret place to unlock me and free me. I forgot anything but being full of him. The force of my desire for him dominated all else.

We rocked against each other, both resisting the urgency that would bring us to the end. We wanted to make the journey last. It was our affirmation of declared love that neither of us wanted to rush. And so we moved in a tandem dance of measured hunger until we could stand it no longer.

"Come with me." He kissed the words against my ear. "Come with me my only love."

"Tristan."

"My queen."

He claimed me with a ferocious plunge and pumped himself into my core. I felt him pushing against the mouth of my womb as the tension built in my channel and I tightened against him. I could feel him begin to throb as I lost myself in the crash of my climax. I bore down on him, milking him with my contractions and I felt him heave against me, stilling as he emptied himself into me. We gripped each other hard, releasing only when the aftershocks faded and our breath leveled.

When he rolled his weight off of me, we lay in silence for a while, just basking in each other. Finally he spoke. "Thank you for what you did for me today. The Christmas thing."

"That was my pleasure, darling. I didn't know what to give you for Christmas. I didn't think you needed another sweater."

He propped himself up on an elbow and smiled at me. "It's the perfect gift. You made my house a home. Our home?" He sounded like a hopeful child. Even though it was sudden, I couldn't refuse him. Not that night, maybe not ever.

"Our home," I agreed. I reached over and held his hand in the quiet, blessed night.

***

Epilogue

Bradley King surprised us by coming to New York two days before Christmas. If he was surprised to find his son's apartment a happy gingerbread kind of place with me already comfortably making bridge mix in the kitchen, he didn't let on.

His stated purpose in coming was to tell us that he had rattled cages at the highest level of the Chicago union that sent the thugs out to bedevil my father and that he felt sure there'd be no further trouble from them again. Apparently Tristan hadn't bothered to tell his father to put the brakes on with respect to my dad's difficulties. I no longer cared. The whole 'sting' operation never had to happen. Dad was safe and I was living with Tristan. All good.

But I like to think the real reason Mr. King came was the simple desire to be with his son for the holidays. He could have easily delivered his happy news by phone. But he wanted family and that felt so right to me. Amazingly, I could almost envision calling him Dad.

We had Christmas Eve dinner at the Dakota with Grandpa Clemson, Boyd, Phoebe and my family. My sister had flown in from Oklahoma with her husband and her eyes nearly dropped out of her head when she met Tristan and saw how he--now we-- lived. Mr. King was a little quiet at first around his former father-in-law. They hadn't seen each other in years. But, as the evening wore on, sweet Mr. Clemson wormed his way into Brad's damaged heart and they wound up reminiscing about old times with more warmth than I could have hoped for. Maryann King was surely smiling down from heaven that night.

The entire clan gathered again at my parent's house in Park Slope for in the early afternoon on Christmas Day. My father brought up two folding tables from the basement and we all managed to squeeze in. Mom cooked a turkey and a ham. The table groaned under the weight of the magnificent meal.

On New Year's Eve, snow began to fall lightly as dusk settled in. It was just as well. Tristan had asked me if we could have a quiet night at home instead of 'doing the town'. I was more than happy to stay in. He had champagne, caviar and foie gras that I intended to prepare as close to the way I had it in France as I could get it.

We toasted the New Year in our favorite outfits--me in my red velvet robe and he in his elegant silk. We watched the little gas fire twinkle in our candlelit nest. I tried to act suitably surprised when Tristan presented me with a diamond ring so big I thought I might be afraid to even wear it. But the way I loved him didn't leave much room for fear of any kind.

He slipped the ring on my finger and kissed me. "Can I admit something to you?" I asked him.

"Anything."

"I have great expectations." He kissed my hand and held it to his cheek."We're going to have the best year of our lives this year, my only Queen."

"Until the next one and the next one, my darling King," I smiled.

