Chapter 1

Five weeks after running into "Uncle" Shane Trant for the first time in ten years, my life has taken a completely unexpected turn. Not only was I now free of the burden of making two house payments every month--Shane bought the house I'd inherited from my mother--but I was also in a new "relationship." This relationship was nothing like any I'd ever shared with a man before.

I was Shane Trant's submissive.

I still didn't know all the rules and expectations that went into our arrangement. But after last weekend, I've learned a little. I've made a few mistakes, and I've been punished. I can handle the punishments okay. The rewards...? Let's just say they definitely make it all worthwhile.

Turns out there are real advantages to having a master with nearly unlimited resources.

"You are the luckiest girl on earth!" my best friend Jill said as she flounced onto my bed. Wearing a pair of jean shorts and a tank top, she was watching me pack for my first full weekend with Shane. Once upon a time I'd said the same about her--that she was the luckiest girl. She was an attorney with a great job and, until last week, a great boyfriend. "I wish he had a brother."

"I think he does."

"Find out for me, will you?"

"Will do." I smoothed a frothy white concoction of lace on top of the small stack of clothes I'd packed. I hadn't expected packing for this weekend to be so complicated. Shane preferred me naked. That should have meant I didn't need a lot of clothes, just a few things for going out. But on Wednesday he'd sent me a letter and a package. The letter contained a lengthy list of items to bring for our weekend together, including my passport. The package, hand delivered by courier, contained a handful of gorgeous, expensive day and evening dresses--purchased by Shane, of course.

"Where do you think he's taking you?" Jill asked, lying on her stomach, chin resting on her fists.

"Since he told me to bring my passport, I'm assuming it's somewhere out of the country. But I have no clue."

She gave a melodramatic sigh that was very much out of character for her. "He's taking you on a trip. That is so freaking romantic."

"He used to live in Spain," I said, thinking aloud as I wedged a few pretty bras into my suitcase.

"Spain," Jill repeated on a second sigh. "Spain! I've been wanting to visit Spain forever. The beaches. The Guggenheim. The Tomato Festival."

"Tomato festival?" I echoed. I hadn't realized Jill was so into tomatoes.

"Yes, you heard that right. It's not what you might expect." Jill's expression was both wistful and lustful. "Close your eyes." I closed them. "Now, instead of imagining dozens of white tents, vendors selling baskets of tomatoes, imagine hundreds of shirtless suntanned, young, scrumptious Spanish men throwing tomatoes at each other."

"Hmmm. That sounds...interesting." The image in my head wasn't so pretty. So instead, I imagined Shane lounging poolside, skin glistening, hair a mass of wet curls as I knelt next to him, rubbing suntan lotion on his scrumptious chest.

Now that was something worth imagining.

"I wish you could take me with you," Jill said.

With great reluctance, I opened my eyes. "I could talk to Shane-"

"Don't you dare. I wouldn't dream of being the third wheel on your romantic trip. No way. Especially knowing what you two...might do. It's all a little too much for me."

To be honest, it was all a little too much for me too. In fact, after my introduction to Shane's in-home dungeon, which I'd initially dubbed the torture chamber, and the wickedly erotic things he did in it, I'd spent four weeks avoiding him. Rather, I'd spent four weeks running away from my feelings for him. But now, after spending a little quality time in that room last weekend, I wasn't as terrified of it anymore. No, in a strange way, I was beginning to see the room in a new light.

But I still was anxious about this weekend. I wasn't sure if that jittery feeling would ever go away.

As much as I would have loved to bring Jill along this weekend, I hadn't expected her to say yes. I would have loved having her there for comfort, something--or rather, someone--from my world, the real world, to help me keep from losing myself. But I'd been the third wheel many times. It wasn't fun. I couldn't imagine how awkward it would be to be the oddball in a dungeon.

A random thought popped into my head, and I couldn't let it go. "You said you wanted me to find out if he has a brother. What if his brother is into domination and submission too?"

"I'd have to think about that." Jill's nose scrunched up and her lips curled with disgust. Really, she shouldn't be so quick to judge. She had no idea what she was missing. "Maybe he could be untrained?"

"If he's anything like Shane he wouldn't be untrainable. And, given the chance, you might find out you wouldn't want to untrain him."

"Don't go there, bestie. Nonono." Waving her hands in front of her face, Jill hopped off the bed and scurried to the door. "I don't want to hear anymore. Time for me to go, anyway. I've got to finish up that deposition for Monday."

"Good luck." I grabbed her on her way past, gave her a big hug.

Jill gave me her serious lawyer look. "You're happy, right? Really okay with all that yes, sir, no, sir stuff?"

"I'm really happy, yes." Not a lie, though I couldn't say for sure that I was happy about the yes, sir, no sir stuff. There was a lot yet I didn't know or understand about being a submissive. I was, frankly, more than a little nervous about this weekend.

"Okay. If it starts to be too much, do something about it. Don't let him abuse you."

"There's no abuse. It's nothing like that." I pulled out of her hold, going back to my very full suitcase.

"I don't know." At my bedroom door, she gave me another serious lawyer look. "I want to believe that, but I'm skeptical."

"You can't know if you haven't tried it."

"That's something I won't do. No way. Not with my history."

"Yeah, I understand." Jill had been abused by one of her mom's boyfriends when she was a kid. Not only was she beat but also sexually molested. We talked about it once, when we were both very drunk. I'd concluded, even buzzed, that Jill could use some therapy. And I had a feeling it was the unresolved issues related to that abuse that caused the failure of her relationships. She was absolutely beautiful, smart, independent, and loving. But she'd suffered one failed relationship with a man after another. It killed me, watching her suffer through broken heart after broken heart. This last one she'd taken really badly. No doubt because it had been the longest and there'd been talk of marriage.

Which reminded me..."Are you sure you're okay?" I asked. "I could call Shane and tell him I can't go--"

"I'm fine. Anyway, I need to head home and get started on work. Unlike some people, I have a lot to do this weekend."

"Okay. Thanks for keeping me company last night." I gave her an apologetic smile. When she left, I double and triple checked Shane's list. If I missed anything, even the smallest item, I would be punished. If there was one thing I'd learned already, it was that it was better to avoid being punished.

Once I had my suitcase all zipped up--a workout in itself--I set it on the floor, stood it on its wheels and pulled out the telescoping handle. After a quick glance at the clock, I double checked my hair, clothes and makeup. Shane liked me dressed in well fitting, chic clothes--usually a skirt and blouse--my hair down, sexy waves, makeup simple...and no underwear. That's exactly how I was dressed today. But instead of the customary high heels, I'd opted for a pair that was a little more travel-friendly.

I took my position at the door a few minutes before eight. He knocked at eight on the dot.

I let him in and had a little moment.

It was still hard to believe this incredibly gorgeous man was interested in me. He was not only stunning to look at, with dark good looks and a to-die-for body, but also rich. Like billionaire rich. He'd paid cash for my mom's house. Didn't even blink. I sold it to him for over three hundred thousand dollars.

He was also articulate, intelligent, had immaculate taste, and was an incredible lover.

But--and this was a big but--he'd made one thing clear from the start: we could be master and slave, Dom and sub, but we could never be lovers in the traditional sense. I would never be his fiancee or wife. I would never share his name or his home or carry his children.

Thus, I'd told myself I should concentrate on enjoying what I did get out of our arrangement. Great sex. Some excitement. Some really nice gifts. And when I'd had enough, I would move on.

"Hello," he said as he stepped into my condo. He cupped my cheek and pulled me to him for a kiss. "Mmmm," he said, his voice a low rumble that made my insides vibrate. "You look amazing."

"Thank you, sir."

His tongue traced the seam of my mouth, and a pulse of erotic heat surged through me. My panties dampened as that heat swirled through my body and surged down to the juncture of my thighs. I opened my mouth, welcoming his invasion. It was gentle, an exploration, a seduction. The kiss took my breath away.

When it ended, I realized I'd practically wrapped my entire body around his and was grinding against a thigh, wedged between my legs.

"Later, my sweet girl." He pinched my chin, holding it steady. "I'm going to make you so hot and desperate you'll beg for me."

"Promise?"

"Promise. But there's no time for that now. We need to leave." He took my suitcase in one hand, my hand in the other, and escorted me out to his car. He'd driven his zoomy BMW. It was black and sleek and classy, like him. The engine purred as he hit the accelerator, and we were on our way.

He was quiet during the drive to the airport. It took every ounce of willpower I possessed to keep from asking where we were headed. Somehow, I managed. We drove down a winding street, within the property of the sprawling Detroit Metro airport, but we turned away from the commercial airline terminals. We parked outside of a large metal framed building. A small plane was just rolling out.

A private jet? We were flying in a private jet?

Ohmygod!

Shane pulled the car into the now empty building and cut off the engine. Then he unbuckled, popped the trunk, said something to the man who'd come into the building as he circled the back end of the car. Finally, he opened my door for me and offered a hand as I stepped out of the low-riding vehicle.

My nerves ignited as I straightened up. He looked so amazing, my chivalrous master. He was close enough for me to touch, to kiss. But it was forbidden. He could touch me anytime he wanted. Me, I could not.

But the rules were what made things so much fun, as I was coming to appreciate.

As we boarded the plane, my nerves were jumpy. I'd only flown once in my life, and that was a long time ago. My mother and I had flown down to Florida to visit some relatives. We'd taken a big commercial jet, smashed into little seats, along with hundreds of other passengers. Now I was reclined in a comfortable seat, watching Shane work on a laptop computer while we waited for the pilot to prepare for our departure.

He glanced at me, smiled. "You should sleep now. We'll be in the air for a few hours. I have work to do."

Knowing there was a good reason why he was suggesting I should sleep already, I nodded. "Okay." I closed my eyes.

It was still fairly early, and I wasn't very sleepy. But the seat did feel comfortable. And it was fairly quiet. I concentrated on relaxing, willing myself to fall asleep.

* * * * *

I woke to the sensation of the plane bouncing. I didn't know if we were taking off or landing. I opened my eyes, glanced out the window to my left and saw a lot of water. Very blue water. And white sandy beaches. And palm trees.

We weren't in Michigan. That was for sure.

"We're here." Shane had his computer all packed away. "And I'm finished with my work. I'll be able to focus on you for the rest of the weekend, only you."

I really liked the sound of that. I let him know by flashing a big, wide smile. "Thank you, sir."

He reached for me, ran a hand up my leg. It slipped under my skirt, and my breath hitched in my throat. Little waves of need pulsed through me. I craved his touch. Any touch. Even the smallest brush of a fingertip made little electrical charges buzz and zap through my body. And when his fingertips moved up my leg, closer to my sex, my stomach, chest, and legs tensed. Heat rushed to my center. I opened my legs a little, giving him access to my flesh.

He chuckled. The low rumble vibrated through me. "You're such a greedy girl."

Greedy when it came to him, oh yes I was. "Yes, sir."

His fingernail grazed my labia, and I shuddered. "Hmmm. Wet already." That finger dipped between my nether lips then withdrew. I almost cried out, the agony was so great.

His placed that finger on my lip, and my tongue darted out. I could taste myself. Sweet and mellow. He pressed his finger deeper into my mouth. I cushioned it on my tongue and pulled on it, sucking it deeper.

"Mmmm. Is my girl hungry?"

I nodded, suckling his finger, a tasty treat. Fire flickered in his eyes. I liked that fire. And I liked how his gaze was wandering down my body, his tongue moistening his perfect lips.

He pulled his finger free. His jaw clenched a little, just enough for the muscle to visibly tighten. "Later, minx. You'll get your treat later."

The door opened and we debarked. I noticed the rather large lump in his pants, proud that I had produced such a visible sign of his need. We were met by an agent, who asked for our passports with a heavy accent of some kind. After answering a few questions, I learned we were on the island of Antigua. Antigua!

Shane took my hand once again, leading me to a dock where we boarded a luxurious boat. I stood on the deck, hands on the railing and breath caught in my throat as we sailed across clear blue waters. "We'll be there soon. I've called ahead. Dinner will be waiting for us."

"Thank you, sir."

"You're welcome." He watched me for a moment. "Are you enjoying yourself?"

"Very much. I've never been anywhere so beautiful. Thank you for bringing me here."

He said nothing. But his expression said a great deal. He was pleased. He took my hand, leading me from the deck. "We have a little time. Let's go downstairs where we can have some privacy."

Privacy. My insides hopped around like caged rabbits.

"Yes, sir."

He escorted me downstairs, a hand at the small of my back. Because I was wearing a thin summer dress, I felt the heat of his touch on my skin. It made my nerves sizzle and my blood simmer.

I stopped at the bottom of the narrow staircase, in an area that looked like a living room or lounge. I turned to face him, not sure which way he wanted me to go. He caught me by the waist and walked me backward until I was flat against a wall. Trapped. Dark flames burned in his eyes and I went breathless.

A hand closed over my breast, kneading the soft fullness and making me moan. The other hand gathered my wrists and pinned them against the wall, over my head. "You drive me crazy," he murmured as he slanted down to nibble my neck.

"You drive me crazy too," I said on a sigh as I tilted my head to give him better access. When his tongue flicked over the sensitive spot just under my ear, I shivered. I felt goose bumps prickling my arm and shoulder.

"Good." He sounded satisfied. He nipped me, a little harder than I expected and I yelped in surprise. Then he laved my stinging skin with his tongue and the pain morphed into pounding need, pulsing through my body.

I didn't know how he did it, turning pain into carnal need. But somehow he knew exactly what to do and when to do it to make that happen. It was strange and wonderful and scary all at once.

The hand that had been cupping my breast skimmed down the front of my body, and I sucked in little gasps as anticipation danced up and down my spine. The flesh between my legs was throbbing with carnal heat. I needed him to touch me there. And then I needed more.

Down it went, over my lower stomach, over my pubic bone. "No underpants, right?"

"No, sir."

Moving quickly, he turned me around, kicked my feet apart. He pinned my hands over my head again, holding my wrists with one hand while the other flipped my dress up to expose my ass.

"Mmmm," he said. "I've been thinking about this ass all week."

And I'd been thinking about his ass all week. And his broad shoulders. And his abdominals, which could be on a romance novel cover. And those mesmerizing eyes of his, where I spied dark shadows.

"Please, sir."

"Please, what, minx?" His flattened hand glided over the globe of my ass, and the muscles beneath quivered. My inner muscles, deep inside, clenched as a rush of heat gushed to my center.

I heard the sharp slap before the pain registered. I jerked, a reflex, and screeched. Then I groaned as the heat burning my flesh seeped in, spreading through me.

The second strike surprised me as much as the first. A fresh wave of warmth crashed through me on the wake of that brief moment of pain. At the third one, my spine arched, thrusting my ass out. My insides were clenched. I was burning with fever. And I needed him to stroke me lower, between the legs.

"You see how your body responds? You see it?" His hand smoothed over my heated bu**ocks, and my back arched more, pushing my simmering flesh into his hand.

"Yes, sir," I whispered, blinking back tears. I wasn't sad. I wasn't scared. I was flying high on endorphins already, and my eyes were watering.

"This is what drives me crazy." His finger dipped into the crack of my ass.

I shivered at the edge I heard in his voice. He sounded dangerous now. "I'm sorry, sir."

He turned me around again and pushed me to my knees and I blinked up at him through watery eyes. He unzipped his pants, pulled out his thick erection and shoved it into my mouth.

Grateful, I took him as deep as he wanted, relaxing to allow him to plunge to the back of my throat. My tongue cushioned his length, swirling round the head a couple of times when he withdrew before flattening when his rod shoved deep inside again. He held my hair in his fists, and I thrilled at the burn of my scalp. He was f**king my mouth greedily, and I was loving every minute of it. I slurped and sucked and swallowed, relishing the flavor of his skin and the sound of his moans and groans as he became lost in his need.

He was the one holding my hair, keeping me in place. But I was the one in control, really. It was my mouth that possessed him. My motions that made him so hot, so desperate. He growled, slammed deeper yet, and I swallowed hard, grateful for every thrust. More, I wanted more. I wanted him to use me anyway he wanted, to teach me how to please him. God, I loved this.

"Dammit," he growled. He nearly pulled out then jerked his h*ps forward again, and the product of his lost control spurted down my throat. Hot and salty.

Oh yes, I'd done it. I'd driven him to a swift, hard orgasm with my mouth for the first time. I'd made him lose complete control.

Using my hair, he pulled me to my feet and stared into my eyes. I licked my lips, savoring the flavor of his skin and wondered what he'd do next, what wicked pleasure he'd show me.

"You have no idea what you've started now, minx," he said, eyes hard.

Thrill raced through me. I had no idea, but I figured I'd learn soon enough.

Chapter 2

One minute, I was standing before him, my hair in his fist, my heart hammering against my breastbone, and dampness warming my inner thighs, and the next I was shoved into a small but very chic bedroom. I lost my footing, fell onto the bed, flat on my stomach, my spread legs sort of hanging half off the end of the bed.

Shane grunted behind me, grabbed my ankles and pulled until only the top half of my body was on the mattress and I was bent at the waist, my ass right there for him to spank again. I tensed, expecting a sharp slap. But instead, he hesitated. "Hands over your head."

Of course, I did what he asked.

"Where did you learn to give head like that?" he demanded, voice sharp.

Was he genuinely displeased? Angry? My lungs burning for air, a little chill swept up my spine as I waited for him to make his next move. Until now, this thing with Shane had been more like a game, a naughty, exciting game. But he'd never acted or sounded this way.

He grabbed one wrist, pulled my arm up and out toward the top corner of the bed. While he wasn't exactly cruel as he handled me, he wasn't gentle either. Then he buckled a cuff around it. The other wrist was next. Now I was kneeling on the floor, my wrists bound. Helpless. I was helpless, and he was acting strangely.

"Are you angry with me?" I whispered.

"Don't speak."

"Yes, sir."

He growled, went back to the drawer, grabbed something else, and the next thing I knew, I had a ball stuffed into my mouth, a gag tied around my head, holding it in.

Now, my eyes were watering, I couldn't speak, I couldn't say my safe word if I needed to. This was getting more intense than I'd expected. I tried to say his name, but all that came out were muffled, garbled sounds and drool.

What was he doing?

I felt my arms and legs trembling as I waited. I sucked in air through my nose and tried to tell myself this was all part of the game. He was just playing. I'd known Shane Trant for many years, since I was a child. He was a good friend of my mother's. He wouldn't hurt me. At least, not badly.

I didn't quite convince myself, though. Not one hundred percent.

Without saying a word, he walked around the foot of the bed. I clenched my bu**ocks, expecting him to spank me again. The sharp pain would come any time now. He was waiting, letting the anticipation build. I knew it.

No slap.

He smoothed his flattened hands over my ass. "Your ass pinks up so pretty when I spank it." His voice had lost a bit of that edge. Even with the gag, I breathed a little easier. He hooked his fingers, gently raking his fingernails over my skin, and a little wave of pleasure washed through me.

"Since you made me come so quickly, minx, it means I'll need a little time to get things going again. You don't want me to need to do that. I get into trouble when I have free time on my hands."

The way he said that made me quiver. It wasn't a threat, although it could be, if taken at face value. No, it was a promise. I heard the slough of fabric. He was undressing. My insides pulsed. My flesh warmed. I imagined him standing behind me, nude, his skin gleaming, a sheen of sweat making every line cutting between his muscles distinct. He pulled my ass cheeks apart, wide apart. "Mmmm." I felt a soft touch, damp, at the base of my spine. Instantly, my back was covered in goose bumps.

I wanted him inside me now, plunging deep, taking me hard. But I knew he would torment me after what I'd done. There was no way he'd be so kind. He would show no mercy.

My spine arched as his tongue flicked over the ticklish skin just above my crack. I'd never had anyone lick me there. I didn't realize how much it tickled. I squirmed, but he held me in place, a hand pushing hard just above where he was licking.

"You want me," he murmured. "You want me to take you already. I can smell your need." He inhaled deeply. "Such a greedy girl." He used both hands again, pulling my cheeks apart. "I told you, I can't. Not yet. It's your fault." His tongue delved deeper. Little damp touches down, down, toward my tight virginal hole. My anus. My body tensed. Surely he wouldn't lick me there. His tongue danced along my crack, continuing closer, closer to my puckered opening. Heat pulsed through my body, and my muscles clenched. My fingers curled into fists. My stomach tightened. My spine. My thighs trembled.

The first little touch to my anus made me jerk. I'd felt it coming and yet I hadn't been ready. I was shocked. I was slightly mortified. But I was also burning with need.

He did it again, and again, and with every little poke and touch, my need grew. Now, I didn't just want him inside of me, stroking away the ache that was pounding through my body, but I needed him. I pulled my legs wider apart. Take me, my body was saying. Take me now.

"Do you know what you taste like?" he asked.

I shook my head.

"You taste like the sweetest nectar on earth." He crawled over me. I felt his heat radiating over my back. Oh, how good it felt. I wanted to raise up, to press myself against him. But I couldn't. The bindings at my wrists were too short to allow me to move my arms at all. He unfastened the gag and tossed it aside, grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled, forcing me to arch my neck and look up toward the ceiling. He angled over me and kissed me, shoving his tongue into my mouth and filling it with my flavor.

He was right. Nectar. Sweet and musty. Unlike anything I'd ever tasted. Definitely better than that horrid ball. His tongue caressed mine, spreading that decadent taste all over. Grateful, I stroked his tongue with mine.

When he ended the kiss, I whimpered but didn't speak.

"You learned your lesson, didn't you, minx?"

I nodded.

He pushed a finger into my mouth, and I pulled it deeper, sucking it eagerly. "Good. I like to have easy access to your pretty mouth. You use it so well." His finger came out with a little pop. It gleamed, dampened by my saliva.

He released my hair, pushing my head down so it was flat on the bed, turned to the side. "Yes, you use that mouth so well." He licked my neck, and once again I was covered with goose bumps.

Hot and cold, I shivered, shoulders and arms tense. Shane was a masterful torturer. Absolutely masterful. I bit my lip as another little whimper slipped from my mouth.

"Soon, minx. I'm getting there," he whispered, his lips brushing ever so softly over my spine as he nipped and licked his way down my body. With growing impatience, I endured his torment. His lips, teeth and tongue made my nerves tingle. He worked lower, down to my bottom. This time, he pushed a finger between my cheeks, circled my anus with the tip. "You haven't taken a man here."

I shook my head.

"You will. Soon." His finger pressed harder at my entrance, and I tensed. "Relax." He didn't ease up. Instead, he increased the pressure until my muscles couldn't resist anymore. In, his finger slid, the shallow intrusion making me gasp and my back arch. "How pretty you are." His finger shoved deeper inside.

The sensation was strange, but at the same time pleasure was pounding through me, making me dizzy.

He pulled his finger out only to add a second finger. The tight ring of muscles clamped around his invading digits and I jerked my h*ps up into the air. "Easy, minx. I'm just getting you ready."

Ready for what, I wondered. For him?

He stretched my entry, plunging those fingers in and out, widening them to make my opening bigger. It hurt, yes. But the pain only amplified my need until I was burning all over, shaking.

I couldn't take another second of this torment.

"Please," I begged.

"Please, what?" he demanded as he shoved those fingers deeper inside. They seemed to rub against the part of me burning the hottest for him and I cried out, unable to stop myself.

"Please, sir. Have mercy."

"Mercy. Hmm." Those magic fingers slipped out.

I sagged with relief, legs feeling boneless, whole body feeling boneless. Fighting to catch my breath, I listened to him as he returned once again to the nightstand. The drawer opened with a soft rumble. It closed with a sharper thump. The crinkle of plastic followed. A condom. Yes! At last I would have relief.

Anticipation dancing up and down my spine, I arched my back, knowing he liked the sight of my bottom thrust up in the air. I opened my legs wider, knees resting on the carpeted floor.

"Look at you. You're ready for me, aren't you, minx?"

I nodded.

With a lubed finger, he teased my clit, drawing light circles over it again and again.

Oh, what ecstasy and agony, both. Pulses of erotic heat were blasting through my body, and I was losing control. I shook and cried and begged. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, he leaned low over me and whispered, "Now, I'm ready." The swollen head of his member eased between my ass cheeks, finding the entrance he'd stretched with his fingers. I tried to lift my h*ps higher, to move so he'd find my other entry, but he grabbed my hips, holding them in place. "No, minx. I'll take you how I want to." And to prove he meant to do exactly as he said, he thrust his h*ps forward, shoving against my virginal entry.

The skin burned. Sharp pain razored through me as the tight muscles strained against his invasion. He wasn't going to fit. There was no way.

I cried out, afraid and in pain, but he didn't withdraw. No, he curled his fingers over my shoulder and pulled me back as he continued to try to force himself inside.

"No, please," I begged. "You're too big."

"You're pleading, but you're not saying the word." He reached around with his other hand and tormented my clit. Erotic heat blended with the burning pain, swirling through me and making me dizzy. "Say the word, Bristol. Say it and I'll stop."

I knew what word he meant. I wanted to say it. I did. But for some reason, it wouldn't come out.

"Please," I whispered, "It hurts."

"Open to me. I demand it now." The heat in his voice couldn't be mistaken. It sent a shudder of pleasure down my spine.

I concentrated on relaxing the muscles clenched so tightly and he slipped in. I cried out as he breached my entrance. Then I cried out again when he drove deep, to the hilt, burying himself in my body.

The finger that had been circling over my cl*t pushed past my swollen lips, found my other entrance and slid inside. Now I was even fuller. And I felt like I might die. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't move. The pain was not excruciating, but the pleasure was. I didn't know I could be so full. I didn't know I could feel so possessed.

He bent over me, his heat radiating over my back. Another sensation to blend with all the others that were nearly overwhelming me. He moved slowly at first, withdrawing both his thick rod and finger before driving them deep inside again. But as my body gradually adjusted to his possession, his movements became faster, rougher. It didn't take long, a handful of deep thrusts, before I was screaming. My orgasm crashed over me like a wild thrashing river. The sensations were so intense I wondered if I might have a stroke. I heard myself screaming but couldn't seem to stop. Before my orgasm had eased at all, I felt him widen. He was about to come.

He bit my shoulder as he found release. The sharp pain was too much for me to bear. I was thrown into a second orgasm. My body spasmed around his invading finger and member, milking them. He thrust hard, fast, his movements jerky until the last drip of se**n had been expelled. Then he licked my shoulder where he'd bit me, soothing the pain.

I relished the moment, as his touches went from hard possession to gentle and soothing. The difference was so stark it almost confused me.

When he pulled out, I missed him. I missed the sensation of fullness. I missed his heat and weight resting on top of me. I missed the smell of his skin, his sweet breath.

Still breathing a little heavily, he unfastened the cuffs and lay next to me. He pulled me to him, my body curving along his side.

I rested for a moment before cracking open my eyelids to sneak a peek. He was so beautiful. Feeling shy, I lightly traced a line cutting across his abdominals.

He blinked open his eyes, smiled. My breath caught in my throat.

How rarely I saw that smile. It was directed at me.

Was it silly to wonder if he smiled that way for anyone else?

Even more, was it foolish to wonder if he would always smile like that for me? Only for me?

Chapter 3

Twenty minutes later we were back on the deck, watching the boat drift closer to a dock jutting out from land. A building sat up on a hill, not far from the white sand beach stretching out from the shore. The building was white stucco and glimmering glass. There were lush plants and brilliantly hued flowers all around it. Breathtaking.

I stood at Shane's side, holding the railing as the boat bobbed gently in the water. I inhaled deeply, pulling in the sweet and salty scent of the ocean and tropical plants. The sun was warming my skin. It was a glorious feeling, being in such a beautiful place. But it paled in comparison to the feeling of being with Shane, of having his arm brush against mine. Of having the taste of his kisses linger on my lips.

"What do you think?" he asked.

"It's too beautiful for words. Do you come here often?"

"As often as I can."

I inhaled deeply, trying to taste the sea air and memorize its scent. "I can't imagine living that way, being able to just jump in a plane and wing off to paradise whenever you want."

"You should imagine it."

Swiveling, I looked at him. "What do you mean by that?"

"I learned something a long time ago." He was facing the water, sunlight glistening in his silky hair, the sea breeze playing havoc with the curls. "If I was going to be successful, in life, in business, I had to first know what I wanted. And then I had to have the courage to take it."

"Take?" I echoed as I inched closer, leaning so my arm didn't just occasionally brush against his, it was pressed against it. Was it weird that I wanted to be so near him all the time? That I craved a touch, any touch, constantly? That I held onto his every word?

"Yes, take," he enunciated. "You have to believe you deserve what you want, that it's yours. That's the most important part of it all. If you don't believe you deserve it, if you wait for someone to hand what you want to you, then you'll be waiting your whole life for things to happen, and they won't."

It was an interesting philosophy. I wasn't sure I agreed with him. "I think I understand."

Turning, he faced me. His gaze locked to mine. "What do you want, Bristol?"

"I want..." I couldn't answer that question, outside of saying I wanted him to make love to me again. To hold me for hours. To kiss me until I melted. I realized right then and there that I had gone my whole life not knowing what I wanted in life, not professionally, not personally. Not long term. I lived day to day, looking no further ahead than tomorrow. "I guess I don't know."

"You don't know what you want. That's what you need to figure out. Then you need to tell yourself you not only deserve to have it, but you are going to have it."

"Sounds like something I'd hear on an infomercial."

He chuckled. "I can't argue with that. But it does work." He smoothed his hands down my arms. "I've known you since you were a child. Your mother and I were good friends. And now, since we've had some time to spend together, I've come to care even more about you. I want the best for you, Bristol. I want you to have everything you'd ever dreamed of. It's up to you to figure out what those dreams are."

He cared about me. He cared. "I...I care about you, too."

The boat bumped the dock, and I wobbled a bit. Thankfully, Shane was still holding me. He steadied me then motioned for me to step off the boat first. My shoes thunk-thunked on the wooden dock as we walked up toward the house.

The sun was bright, the water lapping softly at the dock's supports beneath me. Sea birds squawked. The sky was clear, a blue shade I'd never seen. I dragged in a deep breath as I reached the bottom of a stone staircase that curved up the hill. Shane climbed the stairs at my side, our steps in perfect timing. At the top, I was standing on a stone patio. The water of the swimming pool reflected the brilliant tropical sun and the deep blue of the sky.

A splash startled me. I followed the sound with my eyes, discovering a man with deeply suntanned skin emerging from the water. He shook his dark-haired head, sending crystalline droplets of water into the air. Then he looked our way, lifted a hand. Shane returned the gesture.

I didn't.

"This way. I'll show you to your room." Placing a hand on the small of my back, Shane steered me through an open, wide doorway. The stone from outside, smooth and marble-like, continued inside. We walked through a large living space that included a seating area with a huge television, an open kitchen and spacious dining area. As I'd come to expect, the furnishings were all sleek and chic and expensive looking. We headed down a short hallway that branched off the right side of the space. Shane stopped at the first door. "This is your room." He opened it for me and escorted me inside.

Two words. Insanely gorgeous.

One wall was all windows. Unimpeded ocean views. Opposite that wall sat the bed. It was dressed in crisp white. When I woke tomorrow morning, the ocean would be the first thing I'd see. Unreal.

God, I could get used to this.

Maybe Shane was onto something with that positive thinking stuff. Maybe I'd been living life too safely? Maybe I needed to let myself dream?

Shane motioned to a set of frosted glass doors. "Your luggage has already been delivered. You'll find your clothes in here." He walked toward another door, not far from the closet. "You have your own bathroom here."

"Thanks." I didn't know what else to say. If someone had told me a month ago that I would be traveling to paradise with Shane Trant, that I'd be his lover and his submissive, I would've laughed in their face. "Thank you for bringing me here. It's spectacular."

"You're welcome. I work hard. So when I need to get away, I come here. Phone reception isn't great. There's no internet access. I can't work." He grinned, and my heart did a triple flip. He was just too freaking gorgeous to be real.

"That's one way to make sure you don't work, huh?" I said.

"Exactly." He grabbed my waist and stared into my eyes. "Damn, I want you again, already."

A little sizzle of erotic heat buzzed up my body. I moistened my lips, hoping for a kiss.

I wasn't disappointed. His lips met mine, and within seconds, I was being kissed to oblivion. While his lips, teeth and tongue did things that should be illegal, he half walked, half carried me across the room. The back of my legs hit something soft--the bed?--and I fell backwards, landing on a cloud of white cotton. Arms around Shane's neck, I pulled until he was angled over me, arms extended to hold his weight off me.

His lips caressed mine. His tongue explored my mouth, filling it with his decadent flavor. He reached down with one hand, teased my nipple through my bra. Growing hotter and more desperate with every second that passed, I arched my back, pushing my flesh into his hand.

Yes, we'd just had sex. But I wanted him too. I wanted him inside me again, filling me, making me beg for release.

"Please, sir," I murmured as he broke the kiss to nip at my earlobe.

His tongue dipped into my ear and the entire left side of my body tingled. Goose bumps prickled. Heat crashed through my body.

"Not now." Being cruel, he flicked his tongue down the side of my neck. I squirmed beneath him, lifted my legs to wrap them around his waist. A pounding heat was gathering down there. I needed him to make it go away.

He whispered against my skin, "We're being rude to our guest."

"Guest?"

"You saw him when we first arrived."

"Mmmm." I remembered seeing the man, of course. But I wasn't particularly interested in talking about him. No. I was much more interested in getting my clothes off and Shane's clothes off. It was hot. I was hot. I was burning up.

Letting go of his neck, I let my hands go exploring. This was a rare treat. Shane had bound my hands every time we'd had sex. Thus, I'd spent very little time touching him, stroking him, exploring all those delicious ridges cutting between his thick corded muscles.

Shane bit me, right in the crook of the neck, and I yelped as I angled my head to give him better access to that spot. Pain. Pleasure. They were one and the same to me. They both made me hotter. Tighter. More desperate for release.

But instead of biting me again, Shane extricated himself from my clinging grasp and straightened up. "Later. Our meal is getting cold." He went to the closet and opened the door. My clothes were all hanging neatly. He selected an ankle-length maxi dress he'd sent me and laid it out on the bed. "You have five minutes. Only five."

And he left, shutting the door behind him.

Suffering, thanks to his magical kisses, I scowled at the closed door then hurried to the bathroom to freshen up. Five minutes. There was no time to waste. Not if I didn't want to be punished.

Then again, I hadn't been punished in a while...

* * * * *

Exactly five minutes later, I was in the living room, searching for Shane. Voices, both male, drifted in through the open doors, carried by a sea-scented breeze. Barefoot, the tiles underfoot cool to the touch, I followed the sound. They were standing close to the stairs, both holding glasses. The stranger was shirtless, a pair of swim trunks hanging from his narrow hips. His body was muscular, lean, his dark hair ruffled by the wind. Shane was still in his white dress shirt and pants. The brisk wind was sending his untied silk tie flailing from his collar. He looked a little stiff, I noticed as I came closer. His expression a little sharp. It was the stranger who noticed me approaching first. He was facing the house. Shane's back was to me.

The stranger's gaze flicked to me and Shane did a one eighty and cranked on the smile. But I couldn't help noticing the wattage wasn't at one hundred percent.

Was there a problem?

Shane held a hand out to me, and I placed my hand in his the moment I was close enough to reach it. "This is Bristol," he said, introducing me first. "Bristol, this is Jordan. He's an old and dear friend."

"Bristol." Jordan, the old and dear friend, offered a hand.

"It's nice meeting you." I shook it and quickly placed my hand back in Shane's.

Shane's grip was hard. Not painful but almost. I sensed he was smiling on the outside but fuming on the inside.

Were they not dear old friends? If not, why wouldn't he just tell his friend to leave?

Shane gave me an assessing up and down. "You look lovely. Shall we?"

"Thanks." Feeling a little awkward, I let him escort me to the table set for three. I waited for him to pull out my chair then push it in. Neither man sat until I had.

Wasn't this cozy? Me with two men. Gorgeous men. Men who were eyeballing each other like two junkyard dogs that were ready to tear each other to pieces.

I'd never seen Shane behave this way before. It made me feel a little uncomfortable. Correction, it made me very uncomfortable.

"Bristol, how was your flight?" Jordan asked as he extracted the chilled wine bottle from the bucket of ice next to him.

"It was quick, thank God."

"Not a flier?" He motioned for me to hold out my glass, which I did.

"No. I'd never flown before." Keeping my gaze locked to the glass, I watched the wine swirl around the sides as he poured.

"I'm sure you'll get used to traveling," he said, lifting the bottle. "Of course, it's always easier if your host knows you're anxious. That way he can provide for your comfort."

I glanced at Shane. He was being quiet. Too quiet.

His sharp gaze was on Jordan. The muscle on his jaw was a little tight. If we were alone, I'd ask what the problem was. But we weren't. "I assure you, her comfort was my first priority."

Oh good grief.

"Yes, Shane is an excellent host," I said, sipping the wine. It was delicious, of course. Smooth as silk. Unlike the conversation. Time to change the topic, before Shane blew a blood vessel. "How are you finding Antigua?"

Jordan answered, "It's nice this time of year. I like to fly out every few weeks, unwind."

Must be nice. "I'm sure it's good to get away." I glanced at Shane again. That jaw muscle was getting tighter.

What the heck was going on?

The conversation came to a standstill. I wanted to fill the awkward silence but I didn't know what to say to either man. It seemed no topic was safe. So instead I concentrated on eating. The food was delicious, of course. It was different from anything I'd tasted before. There was a cold fruity soup that tasted better than I expected, followed by a rice dish with beans and coconut, served with seafood, including some breaded fish of some kind. Dessert was a fruit fritter. Sweet, light, perfect.

After eating, Jordan excused himself, saying he was meeting some friends in town. I didn't say a word until I was sure he was out of earshot.

"Is something wrong?" I asked Shane. He was staring out at the ocean.

"No."

"You're very quiet." I traced the rim of my now empty wineglass with a fingertip.

"I'm quiet sometimes." His voice was clipped. Cold.

"I get that. But you seem...tense."

"It's nothing."

It wasn't nothing. Why was he lying? Feeling a little insulted, I leaned back in my chair and crossed my arms over my chest. This wasn't what I'd expected. Not at all. Here we were in paradise, and Shane was miserable. "Won't you tell me what's wrong? Did I do something to make you upset?"

"No."

"Is it Jordan, then?"

"He's an old friend." There was little, if any, emotion in that statement.

"Is there something going on between you two? Were you expecting him to be here?"

"I'd rather not talk about it." He stood, went to the railing and leaned against it.

I followed. I wanted to dig harder, to get the truth out of Shane, but I knew he was the kind of man who wouldn't handle prying well. I decided to let it rest for the time being and try to distract him. We were alone now. In paradise. For only a short time. Our obligation to our guest had been taken care of. Now we could do as we please.

My eyes went to the gorgeous infinity pool.

There was something insanely sexy about swimming. Skin brushing against skin, weightless.

"Would you like to go for a swim?" I asked.

"Not right now." He still sounded distant and tense.

There was no way I was going to let his mood ruin this trip. I glanced around. Unless someone was either in a low flying plane or on a boat with some powerful binoculars, there was no way anyone was going to see me...

Acting on a crazy impulse, I grabbed the bottom of my dress and pulled it over my head.

Ahhh. Nude. The brilliant Caribbean sun kissing my skin. The salty sea breeze caressing it.

Shane's head jerked to me. His eyes widened. Little sparks of desire lit in their depth.

That was better.

Feeling very sexy, I gave him a little smile then sauntered over to the edge of the pool and dove in.

My body sliced through the water, its chill a welcome relief to the sizzling burning on my skin. I surfaced at the far end and turned toward Shane.

Surprising me, he dove in fully dressed, shoes and all. I watched his lean body torpedo through the clear water. He broke the surface, hauled me against him and kissed me.

Ahhhh. Heaven.

His kiss was pure seduction. Lips soft. Tongue slipping in to caress mine. Hands sliding under my ass, holding my weightless body. I wrapped my legs around his waist, arms around his neck and kissed him back.

This was what I'd imagined when I'd first arrived at this glorious place. Shane, kissing me, making me tremble with need. Here, in this pool. Under the blazing sun. With the sound of the ocean's waves echoing in the distance and the scent of the sea heavy in the air.

Leaving me to hold on, Shane reached down with one hand, took off a shoe and tossed it onto the patio. The other followed. Then his pants and underwear. Now he was nude from the waist down, his erecting teasing my opening.

I fisted his shirt while he grabbed hands full of my hair and pulled, forcing my head back. "Dammit, you're mine. Mine."

"Shane," I said on a sigh. How I loved the way he said that, how he claimed me. With his words. With his mouth. With his whole body.

He kissed my neck, making me shudder. Goose bumps prickled my shoulders, my arms. It was as if he knew exactly what I needed, when I needed it. How to touch me. How to kiss me.

I held on, surrendering to his skilled hands and wicked mouth, growing more breathless, dizzier by the second. He kissed and nipped and licked. He caressed and pinched and squeezed.

It was a seduction. But when he gripped my waist and pushed me down, impaling me with his thick rod, I felt as if I'd been claimed. Possessed. He thrust into me, filling me, and I quaked.

"Yes, sir," I muttered, arching my back so he drove deep inside. "Thank you." I met every one of his rough thrusts, using my arms and legs to lift up then slam down. Again and again and again. Within seconds, I was on the verge of cl**ax, my body tight, my breath caught deep in my chest. "Please, sir. May I come?"

"No." His hands moved down, cupping my ass cheeks. A finger dipped into the crack. "No, minx."

My inner muscles clenched around his girth, and a wave of erotic heat crashed through me. I was going to come. I couldn't stop it. Couldn't.

I gritted my teeth and surrendered.

An intense orgasm overtook me. Inside, my muscles clamped around him like a fist then convulsed.

He growled and pounded into my burning flesh, amplifying my pleasure until I was sure I'd pass out. It was ecstasy like I'd never known. Every nerve in my body was on fire. I was twitching and clenching and trembling. My mind was lost in a sea of carnal pleasure. All I could do was cling to him and ride one wave of pleasure after another.

I felt him widen as he found release. He jerked back, thrust deep inside and then pulled out.

He grabbed my face and kissed me again. The kiss was rough and semi violent. Not what I was expecting. I sucked in a little gasp of shock and surrendered to it, to him, allowing him to torment me until he'd had enough.

When the kiss ended, I felt boneless. My muscles were all thoroughly relaxed. As he gently released me, I floated on my back. As I drifted across the surface, I was aware of Shane. He'd pushed himself out of the pool and was circling one end. I spied something in my peripheral vision at the opposite side. Movement. I turned my head.

Jordan

Reacting out of pure instinct, I flipped over on my stomach and dove beneath the surface, kicking hard to propel myself as far away from him as I could.

I was nude. He'd seen me.

Who knew what else he'd seen.

Had he been standing there the whole time? Watching?

My face was burning when I surfaced. My gaze went first to Shane. He was wrapping a white towel around his lower body. I couldn't tell if he was aware of Jordan being there, watching us, or not.

I decided I'd let him know.

"Jordan," I said as I wrapped one arm around my br**sts, hiding them from his view. Then, to Shane, I said, "May I please have a towel?"

Shane glanced at Jordan but didn't seem surprised to see him. "Sure." He pulled one off the rack next to him and strolled toward me.

I gave him a wide eyed look as he held it open for me. Evidently I was going to have to stand nude in front of this stranger. But only for a second.

Moving quickly, I pushed out of the pool and stepped into the soft towel. Thankfully, it was large, bigger than a bath towel. It covered me from chest to knee.

Still feeling ashamed, as if I'd been caught doing something I shouldn't have, I glanced at Jordan. He gave me some kind of look I couldn't read then wandered over to the table where we'd eaten dinner and sat.

"I think he saw us," I whispered to Shane.

Shane nodded. "Come with me. We need to talk."

Intrigued, and hoping I'd finally find out why he'd seemed so upset earlier, I followed him inside. We went to a bedroom, his I assumed. Sitting patiently on a small chaise at the foot of the bed, I watched him strip out of his wet shirt and pull on a clean, dry pair of shorts and a t-shirt.

Finally, he sat beside me.

And said...nothing.

I waited.

For a minute. Two. Three.

Shane jammed his fingers through his wet hair. Looking down at the gleaming tile floor, he said, "He's expecting to have sex with you."

Chapter 4

My head was spinning. Whirling. Swooping. It wasn't a good feeling. Not at all. I felt as if my lungs were concrete. They wouldn't expand. They wouldn't fill with air.

Shane was still sitting next to me, staring down at the floor. He'd just delivered one of the biggest shocks of my life, and he didn't have the guts to look me in the eye?

Fury quickly replaced the shock, making my heart pound hard in my chest. "What the hell are you talking about, Shane?"

"It's complicated."

"I don't care what it is. I'm not a whore."

"I know."

"I don't sleep with just anyone."

"I know that too."

I stood up. I stomped away, getting as far as the door. Pivoting, I asked, "When you told me I was going to be your submissive, was this part of the deal?"

"Y--yes."

What the hell? What else hasn't he told me? "You didn't tell me that. If you had, I might have..." What? What would I have said? Would I have walked away? Or would I have been skeptical, thinking he wouldn't actually make me have sex with someone I didn't know?

Regardless, he didn't give me the chance to make that choice.

That wasn't right.

It was absolutely reprehensible. And just plain shitty.

"I didn't mention it yet because Jordan is the only one I share with. I didn't expect you to meet him so soon."

"So soon? In other words, you figured you had time to charm me and seduce me and get me ready."

"Not exactly."

I didn't like that response. It suggested he had thought something along those lines. I'd never felt dirty after sex before. Now I did. Really dirty. And used. "I want to go home. Now."

"It'll take some time to get the plane back."

"I don't care." Feeling a rush of tears coming, I ran to my room and slammed the door. I locked it too. Then I sat on my bed and had a good cry.

Why did he do this to me? Why? I wasn't some prostitute, who didn't mind being swapped and used and shared for a price. I was an independent woman with healthy self-respect. I choose my partners carefully. I didn't sleep around.

Then again, I had known from the start that Shane was into some really kinky stuff. He'd been upfront about that much.

And he'd tried to warn me off.

Should I have seen this coming? Was I too dazzled by the money, the great sex, and his drop dead good looks to see what was really there?

No. No! I wasn't going to blame myself. The fact was I was new. Shane was aware of that. It was his responsibility to inform me.

He'd intentionally kept it from me.

What else wasn't he telling me?

The bottom line was I couldn't trust him. And if I couldn't trust him, how could I continue to see him?

I was maybe twenty minutes into my pity-party when I heard a knock on my door. It had to be Shane. I didn't want to talk to him. I didn't want to see him. But, dammit, I wanted another chance to make him know how insulted and hurt I was.

I yanked open the door to reveal a contrite looking Shane.

"The plane will be here in a couple of hours. You're free to leave then if you want. But I'd like the chance to explain-"

"What's there to explain, Shane? That you brought me here to loan to your friend? How often do you do that, huh? Is this your little dirty secret? Is this a haven or is it a place where you can have orgies and not be found out?"

Shane's face paled a little but he didn't interrupt. I ranted for at least another ten minutes, unloading all my fury on him until I'd run out of words.

Then he motioned for me to sit on the bed.

Just because I was in the mood to defy him, I crossed my arms over my chest and snapped, "No, thanks. I think I'll stand."

"Suit yourself." Shane sat. Elbows on his knees, he shoved his fingers through his hair and stared down at the stupid floor for a few minutes. "Contrary to what you think, I did not bring you here to share with anyone. I didn't know Jordan would be here. If I had, I would have taken you somewhere else. I wanted to spend some time with you. Alone. In private." He lifted his eyes to mine. "You asked me why I was so tense. Now you know. Jordan's being here completely threw a wrench in my plans and complicated things."

"It sure did." Having run out of fury after that ugly rant, I leaned to the right, shouldering the wall, arms still crossed over my chest.

"I was trying to explain earlier, but you didn't give me a chance to finish."

Had I cut him off? Did I react without having all the facts? A part of me hoped there was more to this. I wanted to hear something that made it all less...ugly. "I'm sorry if I jumped the gun. But you can't blame me, can you? I mean, I'm the newbie here. I trusted you to tell me what is going on. And then, out of the blue you tell me a man I don't know is expecting to have sex with me. Expecting. That freaked me out."

"Of course it did. You're not like the other submissives."

Other submissives. It seemed I had been right about one thing. He did bring women here. And they shared them, swapped them, did God only knew with them.

I held back a shudder. "Are there others? Now?"

"There have been," he admitted.

"Recently?"

He nodded.

I needed some time to think about this. I couldn't do that here.

"Shane, this is a lot for me to absorb. I thought I could handle it, but maybe I can't. Maybe it's not enough to just be your submissive."

"I understand." His expression completely unreadable, he nodded.

"I'm sorry."

"There's no reason to apologize. I knew we'd eventually hit an impasse. That was why I'd discouraged it from the beginning." He sighed, looked at me, dark shadows in his eyes. "But a part of me wanted it to work. Badly."

"Me too."

I plopped on my butt on the bed. "If I decide...if I can't see you again. I hope you won't disappear for another ten years," I said.

"Not if you don't want me to."

I blinked once, twice. My nose was burning. Dammit, I was going to cry. My insides were twisting up into knots, and it hurt. A lot. More than it should, considering how brief this thing with Shane had been.

Shane placed a hand on my knee, gave it a little squeeze. "You're better off without me."

He left.

God, what an awful thing to say about himself. I was better off without him. It was as if he didn't deserve to be cared about, to have a real relationship, one that was committed and genuine and loving.

That was, I realized, what I wanted to have with him. What I had expected to have with him. Even though he'd made it clear from the beginning that it wasn't going to happen.

My hands shaking slightly, I went to the closet and pulled out my empty suitcase. Since I'd packed for only a weekend, it didn't take me long to put everything back in my suitcase. Not up to facing Shane or Jordan, I spent the rest of the time in my room, lounging on the bed and channel surfing on the stupid television hanging on the wall. Nothing appealed. Time dragged. I was so relieved when there was a knock on my door, and Shane called through it, "The boat's here to take you back to Antigua."

I opened the door, and felt a warm rush. It was so unfair that this had to end already. Shane and I did have some insane chemistry. I'd never felt like that with another man, like I couldn't get close enough to him, couldn't touch him enough, couldn't kiss him enough.

"Have a safe trip," he said as he moved aside to let me pass.

I stepped out of the room, set the suitcase on the floor and stared at him. Then, acting out of pure impulse, I threw my arms around his neck and hugged him. My body melted immediately. My nose and eyes started burning. And when he enclosed me in his embrace, a sob ripped up my throat. I clung to him, wondering if I would find the strength to leave.

His hands glided down my back, coming to rest on my waist. He pushed, gently, easing me away. "We'd better get you on that boat."

Sniffling, I nodded.

When I passed Jordan, who was sitting in the living room, I made eye contact but said nothing to him. He intimidated me, now that I knew what he'd been thinking. When I saw something flicker across his face, I jerked my gaze away and followed Shane outside, down the steps and to the dock. He helped me onto the boat. I stood there, hands gripping the railing, as the engines started purring and we drifted out to sea. Shane remained on the dock, watching me, looking sad and alone.

It sure didn't look like the domination and submission thing was working for Shane any more than it was working for me. Why couldn't he give it up? Why couldn't he just tell Jordan to go find his own f**king submissive?

Why?

* * * * *

"What happened?" Jill asked me the minute I was in her car. She didn't even give me the chance to buckle my seatbelt.

"I don't know if I'm ready to talk about it yet."

"Oh, hun. That bad?"

A horn honked behind us, and she flipped the driver the bird, shifted into drive, and hit the gas. "Effing jerk. He just couldn't wait another second. One freaking second." She steered her car around a hotel shuttle and zoomed toward the freeway. "Where did you go?"

"Antigua."

"Antigua? It must've been really bad, if you had to leave early."

"It was."

Jill didn't say another word. Not until I was home. She helped me drag my stuff into the condo.

Inside my living room, I gave her what was probably the lamest smile ever. "Thanks for coming to pick me up." I blinked. I blinked again. Dammit, my eyes were watering.

Jill pulled me into a hug, ran her hand down the back of my hair. "The ass**le doesn't deserve you."

"It wasn't so much that he was an ass**le."

Jill gave me another squeeze then dragged me toward the couch. "Tell me."

I flopped onto the couch. "It's not that he's a jerk. It's that...he and I live in different worlds. And I'm not just talking about his money. He's insanely rich. We flew in a private jet. And the house. Ohmygod. On the shore, ocean views from practically every room. An infinity pool. I could handle all that, I think. I mean, it wasn't like I've met his friends yet. I take that back. I met one. He was the reason why I left."

"Why? Did he call you a gold digger?"

"No. He expected Shane to share me."

Jill's eyeballs got huge. "Oh."

"Yeah."

"Wow."

"Yeah. Evidently, he and Shane do a lot of that, sharing partners. And they haven't stopped. I'm just another submissive to them. One of many." I sighed. "You see, I might have been able to learn to live in his gilded world of wealth. But it was that world of domination and submission I don't understand. I don't want to understand it. It's all just too...weird for me. I thought I understood it. I was wrong."

"It would be too weird for me too." Jill set her hand on mine. "You did the right thing. I mean, I know you were having fun with Shane, and that you care for him. You've known him since you were a kid. But cutting it off now, before there are any real feelings there is best."

Real feelings. I'd had real feelings for Shane since I was twelve. "I'm sure you're right." I dropped my chin in my hands. "But dammit, this sucks."

"I know." She smoothed her hand up and down my back then wrapped her arm around my shoulder and pulled me toward her, giving me a little shake. "I'm here, sweetie."

"Thanks. You're the best."

"Hey, considering how many times you've been there for me, it's the least I could do."

My phone rang, and my heart did a little jerk in my chest. I checked the number.

"It's him," I said.

"Give that to me." Jill grabbed the phone from me and hit the button to ignore the call. "Right now, you're vulnerable. Talking to him would be a mistake."

She was right. Of course. Yes. But how I longed to hear his voice.

The phone chimed. I had a text. Jill glowered at the screen. "He doesn't give up." She poked the button on the side, shutting the phone down completely.

"Maybe you should've read the message. Maybe something happened."

"He's rich. I'm sure he has plenty of friends he can call if his stupid private jet broke down."

I loved Jill. She was angry on my behalf. That much I knew. But for some really crazy reason, I felt the almost overwhelming urge to defend Shane.

"Like I said, he wasn't being a jerk-"

"Never mind the fact that he's sleeping with other women, and doesn't even bother to deny it. He was going to hand you off to his buddy. Who does that? A nice guy?"

She had a point. I'd been angry when I first found out about the sharing thing. But when Shane had explained it, somehow I couldn't hold it against him anymore. It was just the way things worked in that world. And he hadn't brought me there intending to share me. As for the other thing, that was my fault. Never had he led me to believe we were in some kind of committed relationship.

Rather than try to explain it all, I let it drop. The sooner we moved on, the sooner I could get my phone back...and see what Shane wanted.

A couple of hours later, I was alone. And in possession of my phone again. With shaking hands, I powered it up and clicked on the message icon to open my messages.

It was short. Succinct.

Please tell me you made it home safely.

Shane.

I typed back.

I did. Thanks.

With my heart in my throat, I hit send.

And then, every minute or two, for the next eight hours, I checked for a response.

None.

No message.

None.

Shit.

Chapter 5

Someone was in my room. I could hear the soft sloughing of fabric, the muted thump, thump, thump of footsteps. I rolled onto my side, facing the door. It was dark. I couldn't see.

Moving slowly, hoping I wouldn't make a sound, I inched toward the opposite side of the bed. I hoped the intruder couldn't see me any better than I could see him. I hoped he was looking for jewelry, money, not flesh.

I was cold with fear, every sense alert. I heard the intruder moving and before I could react, something heavy was on top of me. My body was flattened on the mattress. I cried out for help, but I knew no one would hear. The condo's building was very well insulated. Sound didn't travel from one unit to another.

Letting instinct take over, I swung my arms, kicked my legs. Something warm and strong clamped around both wrists, jerked them back and up, pinning them to the bed, above my head.

Ohmygod, I was being attacked!

"Shhhh," my attacker said.

"Please don't hurt me," I begged, blinking at the darkness and wishing I could see.

"I won't ever hurt you."

I recognized that voice.

My heart jumped.

"Shane?"

"Shhhh." He rested a fingertip on my lips. "I'm sorry for scaring you. I couldn't stay away any longer. I had to see you."

I whispered, "But sneaking into my bedroom in the middle of the night-"

He cut me off with a kiss. A hot kiss that made the blood pound through my body. Instantly, I forgot what I was going to say. His tongue slipped into my mouth and took command. At the same time his hands took control of my body, pushing my t-shirt up to expose my br**sts, kneading their fullness and rolling my ni**les until they were hard peaks.

I squirmed and whimpered, lost in a sea of dark pleasure.

It was so wrong for him to break into my condo like this. So wrong. Stalkerish creepy. And yet, ohmygod. His kiss tasted so good, and his hands were doing wickedly delightful things to my body. I didn't give a damn about anything but having his na**d body pressed against mine, his thick erection pushing into me.

When his hand glided down my stomach, moving toward the aching heat pounding between my legs, I arched my spine, tipping my h*ps up. Yes. Please. Touch me there. Down there. Take me.

The kiss turned more urgent as both our bodies heated, our need blossoming into desperation.

"Please," I mumbled. "Please."

"Not yet." His touch moved back up, to my breast, circled my nipple. "First, I need you to ask you something."

"Yes, anything." I tipped my h*ps up and reached for him, trying to rip his clothes off. "Anything at all."

"Will you to agree to f**k Jordan first?"

I jerked upright, blinked open my eyes.

Dammit, I just couldn't stop having that dream.

I clenched my muscles down there, feeling the warm dampness seeping into the crotch of my panties. Crazy as it was, the dream made me hot. Really hot. Twice this week, I'd cl**axed in my sleep. I'd never done that before.

Still feeling the aftershocks of the dream ricocheting through my body, I stumbled into the bathroom and cranked on the shower. After emptying my bladder and brushing my teeth, I stripped out of my pajamas and stepped under the warm water. Ahhh. I allowed myself to just enjoy the heat for a few minutes before getting to business. Then I hurried out, did my hair and makeup and dressed for work. It was Friday.

Another day.

Another dollar.

Yippee.

Then, it would be a night out with Jill, watching her work her usual haunts while I nursed a beer.

Even though Shane had given up calling me a few days ago, I couldn't summon up the desire to get back into the game. The pain of our unofficial breakup was still fresh. If the dreams were any indication, I wasn't even remotely close to being ready to get into another relationship.

It would be a lot easier if the stupid dreams would stop.

A lot easier.

What was it about that man? Why couldn't I just let him go?

* * * * *

"Ohmygod, would you just look at them?" Jill screamed in my ear many hours later. As usual on a Friday night, she was holding a beer in one hand, a shot in another, and was on her way to a healthy buzz. We were sitting at her favorite table in her favorite club. She was trying not to gawk at the pack of men who'd just strolled through the door. Me, I was wishing I was at home, reading the book I'd picked up during my lunch break.

Jill nudged me. "Snap out of it."

"Out of what?" I countered.

"Your funk. Since you flew home from Antigua, you've been moping around. I love you, hun, but it's been two weeks. I'm getting impatient."

"Do I need to remind you of your post-Dave breakdown?" I asked.

"No."

"Give me a break."

Jill sighed. "I'd never realized how hard it is to deal with someone else's breakup depression."

"That's because I'd never been depressed after a breakup before. Usually I'm okay with it."

"Not this time."

"Not exactly. I'm thinking too much about what might have been."

"Yeah. That's what I do. Definitely. What got me out of my Dave funk was sitting down and listing all the reasons why Dave and I wouldn't work. Maybe you should do the same thing?"

"Maybe." At the moment, I could think of only one reason why Shane and I wouldn't work. It was a biggie, sure. But I could think of a lot more reasons why I thought Shane and I would be good for each other.

"Stop thinking about him." Standing, she circled the table, hooked her elbow through mine and half-walked, half-dragged me toward the bar where the hotties she'd been drooling over were congregated, waiting for the bartender to get their drinks.

"Hello," she said when one of them glanced at us.

Hottie Number One beamed a friendly smile, gaze fixed on Jill's half-exposed chest. "Hello."

"I'm Jill. And this is my friend, Bristol." She jerked her head in the general direction of the packed dance floor. "We're looking for some dance partners."

"Hmmm...I don't dance, but my buddy does." Hottie One nudged the guy next to him. Hottie Two glanced over his shoulder. "Hey, Rod, the ladies want to dance."

Rod gave each of us an up and down look. My skin crawled a little. I hated this place. It was a meat market. It was no wonder every guy Jill had ever met here was a loser. "Sure." He, in turn, nudged the guy next to him, said something into his ear, and within seconds, Jill and I were being escorted to the dance floor. She was going eagerly. Me, not so much. But afraid I was becoming too much of a wet blanket, I tried to act like I was enjoying myself.

As soon as we stepped onto the dance floor, I regretted it. The guy yanked me against him, shoved a leg between mine and started grinding against me like a male stripper. It was vulgar and nasty and gave me the creeps. I tried to back up a little, but the minute there was a tiny fraction of space between his body and mine, he'd close it again. We were so close I could feel his erection through his clothes. Impressive as it was, I wasn't in the mood.

When the song ended, I was hugely relieved. "Thanks," I said.

He scowled. "What? That's it? One dance?"

"Yes, one dance. What were you expecting?"

"Well, after the way you were dancing, a lot more."

Me? Me!

"Sorry you got the wrong impression." I stepped away, shoving between a pair of couples pawing at each other while swaying to the next song that had just started playing. I couldn't find Jill. She seemed to have vanished.

If it hadn't been for the fact that she'd done this to me on more than one occasion, I might have been concerned. But she had. Lately, it was almost expected. She'd head outside for some fresh air, and end up in the car, shoving her tongue down some random guy's throat.

Really, she needed to make some changes.

"Hey, I'm sorry. Come back. Let's talk about this," the jerk said. He was following me. A trip to the ladies' room would take care of that.

I pushed and wiggled and shoved my way to the back hallway where the bathrooms were. Escape was just a few feet away. But then someone caught my wrist. I whirled around, hand raised.

I froze.

Shane.

Shane?

Shane!

"W-what are you doing here?" I stuttered, dropping my hand.

"I'm here with a friend." His gaze wandered over my face, and I felt myself blushing. "You look great."

"Thanks." I fiddled with my hair. A strand was hanging over my face. "Um, so do you."

"Have a drink with me."

"Oh...I..."

Shane took my hand in his, and instantly I felt warm all over. All the emotions I'd been shoving aside since I'd seen him last rushed to the surface. I was overwhelmed, unsure what to do. I craved spending time with him, hearing his voice, seeing his face. But I knew I shouldn't go with him. It was a big mistake. Huge.

I went with him anyway.

I was weak. Frighteningly so.

He led me to a table toward the back of the bar where it wasn't so hot, or loud, or crowded. He pushed in my chair as I sat then took a seat across from me. With a wave, he somehow managed to summon a waitress. He ordered a bottle of wine then turned his attention back to me.

"So...where's your friend?" I asked.

He waved his hand toward the dance floor. "She's out there somewhere."

She.

My stomach twisted.

She.

"I-I should-"

I started standing, but Shane slapped his hand over mine. "Please, don't go."

"Shane, I don't want to interrupt anything--"

"You aren't interrupting."

Why did it make me so freaking happy to hear that? Why? "Of course I am."

"If I was here with someone, I wouldn't have asked you to join me," he stated. "Kayla is a friend. Nothing more."

The waitress broke through the thick wall of people in front of our table, set the open bottle of wine and glasses down and left.

"Hasn't it been established that men and women can't be friends?" I asked as I watched Shane pour the wine.

"By whom?" He handed me the full glass.

Our fingertips brushed. I tried to pretend that the little touch didn't send a bolt of white hot erotic heat pulsing through my body.

It's only chemistry. Chemistry means nothing.

I said, "By the authors of movies like, When Harry Met Sally."

He chuckled. The sound bounced around inside me like the reverberating rumble of thunder echoing off distant buildings. "In this case, it's not an issue. She's g*y and she's the younger sister of a close friend."

Another close friend.

He continued, "Every now and then, I accompany her on an outing so she can keep up appearances. Her family is very anti-gay."

"I see."

"So tell me, how are you?"

"I'm fine, thanks."

"Good."

We stared at each other for an awkward moment.

I wanted to fill the silence. I wanted to tell him I dreamed about him every night. I wanted to tell him I missed him even though I didn't want to.

Instead, I glanced around. "If you're supposed to be keeping up appearances, maybe you'd better go find your friend and play doting boyfriend."

He studied me for a moment then nodded. "I suppose you're right."

"Okay, then. It was nice seeing you."

"It was nice seeing you, too."

Neither of us moved.

"I'd better go find my friend, too," I said. Could this be any more awkward?

"Sure."

Neither one of us moved.

"She's going to be worried," I explained.

"We wouldn't want that."

"And when she finds out I was talking to you, she'll kill me."

His smile was so bright and so breathtaking I practically melted. "We definitely don't want that."

I stood. "Goodbye, Shane."

He stood too. "Goodbye." He jerked his head toward the full glass sitting on the table. "Please, take it."

"Thanks." I grabbed the glass and circled around him, leaving as much space between us as I could. The place was packed. It certainly wasn't a lot of space. Inches. It wasn't enough. I could smell his cologne. I could feel the heat of his body. I hesitated, wishing I could lean in to him and stay there.

Remember, he shares his women. He has lots of women. And he's not looking for a relationship. It's all about bondage. Whips and chains and safewords and control. You made a break. Don't go back. You'll only regret it.

Pulling in a deep breath, I hiked up my chin and pushed on, wriggling through a crowd of men gawking at the women shaking their asses on the dance floor.

I'd done it. I'd talked to him without throwing myself at him. And had I wanted to.

Side stepping and inching through tiny gaps in the crowd, I made my way back to our table. Every now and then, I'd steal a little sip of wine. It was good. Really good. I discovered the table I'd been sharing with Jill was occupied. But not by Jill. I downed the rest of my wine, set the glass on the first empty horizontal surface I could find and headed outside.

Ah, much cooler. The air smelled better, not like stale beer and sweaty bodies. I click-clacked out to where I remembered having parked the car, on the street, in front of a bagel shop. I stopped. I looked left. I looked right. I went down another street and another. It wasn't there.

It freaking wasn't there.

"I am going to kill her," I grumbled as I fished my phone out of my pocket. I listened to the phone ring. One, two, three...five, six. It clicked to voicemail and I left an angry message, asking her why she'd abandoned me then clicked off. A split second later, as I was scurrying back to the bar to decide what to do, my phone rang.

"Where are you?" I demanded. I was getting tired of being abandoned at the bar. Really effing tired of it.

"Um..." She giggled. "Stop that." She giggled again.

"Jill, where are you?"

"Oh. Bristol? Hi. I ran into Dave at the bar. You remember Dave."

Sure, I remembered Dave. How could I forget him? He'd used Jill to make an old girlfriend jealous and then dumped her like yesterday's trash. The guy was an absolute ass**le. "I'm ready to leave. Come and get me."

"Oh. Sorry. I can't." She giggled again.

"Why not?"

"Well, because you parked the car illegally. It was towed."

Gah!

Fortunately, I was near a bench. I plopped down.

"Bristol? I've gotta go."

"Bye." I ended the call.

If it wasn't for the fact that Jill had been my best friend since I was in kindergarten, and had seen me through some of the biggest heartbreaks in my life, I might have vowed to never speak to her again after this. But she had been, and would always be, my best friend. And it hadn't been her fault the car was towed. I was the one who'd told her it was okay to park in that spot.

I glanced around, suddenly aware of the fact that I was alone on the street. It was late. And there weren't that many people out there with me.

Feeling a slight sense of unease, I started back toward the relative safety of the bar and the masses of people inside it. As I turned the corner, a black car pulled up alongside me and honked the horn. I glanced.

Looked like Shane's car. The passenger side window was down. The woman in the seat was waving her hand out the window at me.

"Bristol!" she called.

The vehicle was idling at the curb, hazard lights blinking.

Great timing. Just great. If Shane found out I was stranded, he'd offer me a ride. I didn't want him to do that because if he did, I would take it.

"Bristol Deatrich," the woman said.

Against better judgment, I approached the car and peered into the window. "Hi."

"Are you okay?" Shane asked.

"Sure. Of course I'm okay."

"You shouldn't be out here alone," he said.

"Thank you for the concern. I'm heading to my car. I'll be fine."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes."

"How about I make sure you get to your car safely? I can drive you to it. Where did you park?"

Of course he offered to drive me to my car.

"It isn't necessary. I'm just down the street." I pointed in a random direction.

"I don't mind."

"Really, it's okay."

He got out and circled the front end. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing."

His eyes narrowed.

Dammit, he was like a hound on the scent. "The car was towed."

"I'll take you home."

"You don't have to-"

"I insist." He was already pushing me toward the car.

I managed to blurt out one last, "Really, it isn't necessary," before he'd practically forced me into the backseat.

Within seconds, we were zooming down the quiet streets, going in the opposite direction from my condo. He knew where I lived, so my assumption was he was taking his friend home first.

"You're going the wrong way," I told him, hoping he'd turn around and take me home first instead.

"Bristol, this is Kayla. Kayla, Bristol. Kayla lives just a few blocks from here. Since you and I live south, it makes sense to take her home first."

It made sense, sure. But that meant I'd be in the car with Shane alone. I didn't want to be in the car with Shane alone. Not for a minute. But I knew there would be no changing Shane's mind, so I sat back and kept quiet during the short ride to Kayla's place. A few minutes later, I learned she lived in a high priced condo in a converted old factory. Nice. Definitely more Shane's speed.

I waited in the backseat while Shane walked his guest up to her building's door. He didn't touch her, I noticed. Nor did he kiss her. When he returned, he opened the passenger side door. "Why don't you come up here and sit? I feel like a chauffeur."

"All right." I made myself comfy in the front seat, buckled in. As Shane pulled back out onto the street, I said, "Thank you for taking me home."

"You're welcome."

As much as I wanted to sit closer to him, I forced myself to lean against the door the whole trip to my condo. Of course, like he had with Kayla, he walked me up to my door. But unlike what he'd done with her, he placed a hand on the small of my back as he did it. And he didn't leave when I unlocked the door.

"Thanks again," I said as I pushed open the door.

He didn't move. "I've been waiting for a chance like this. Can I come in? For just a minute? I'd like to talk to you."

Oh God.

Chapter 6

Maybe it was a dumb, impulsive, foolish thing to do. But I let Shane into my condo and I shut the door.

A part of me didn't want to hear what he was there to say; another part did. The part that did got her way.

I motioned to the kitchen. "Can I get you something to drink? Coffee?"

"No. This won't take long."

Good.

Appearing a little nervous, he glanced around my living room. "I've had some time to think about things, about you, about my life, about a lot of things. I even went to...a counselor. I've never done that. Not even when I was a kid."

That had to be significant.

Wanting to avoid interrupting him, I didn't speak, only nodded.

"I've concluded that I don't deserve a woman like you. I don't. I don't know how to make you happy. I don't know how to have a real relationship. I have...challenges...I need to work out." He heaved a visible sigh. "But I can't stop thinking about you."

At the sound of those words, my heart literally jumped in my chest. I could tell, by the way he'd said them, by the expression on his face, that I had become more than a submissive, more than a plaything to be used and then thrown aside when he became bored.

"What does this mean, Shane?"

"It means...I want to learn to be a better man. And I want you to teach me."

I staggered a tiny bit. "Me?" I said through them.

"Yes, you. Only you. I don't want another submissive. I want...a girlfriend. A lover. A partner."

Those were the words I'd longed to hear. My spirit soared. My eyes burned. They were happy tears, not sad.

"No sharing?" I asked, almost afraid to believe what I was hearing.

"No. Never."

"No other submissives?"

"No."

"What about the rest of it? The bondage? The rules?"

"I can't just turn it all off, and I don't think you want me to." His lips curled slightly into a hint of a smile.

"Maybe I don't want you to turn it all off," I admitted.

His smile amped up to full wattage. "Does that mean you'll give me a chance?"

Did it?

I wanted Shane to be the man of my dreams. I had a feeling he could be. But how many times had I heard about the dangers of trying to change someone? Was it fair to expect him to change for me? Was it realistic?

"It won't be easy," he said. "I'm a stubborn ass sometimes, and I've learned some of the issues I have run deep. But I can promise you that I won't give up. If there's one thing I'm not, it's a quitter."

That I did believe.

Arms folded over my chest, I studied his handsome face. Would that be the face I would look at someday as I spoke my wedding vows? Or would that be the face of the man who would destroy me? I had a feeling it would be one or the other. I wasn't sure I had the courage to risk the latter.

"I need some time to think about it, Shane. We've spent so little time together. And what time we've spent has either been ha**ng s*x or fighting. If this goes bad...I don't want to think what it might do to me."

"Fair enough." He reached for the doorknob, twisted it.

I set a hand on his arm just as he was about to leave. "I want to be brave for you. I do. I'm just scared."

"I'm scared for you." He reached for me then pulled his hands back as if he felt he didn't have the right to touch me. "Call me. I won't badger you."

"Thank you." I stepped up to him, stood on tiptoes, wrapped my arms around his neck and hugged him.

He folded his strong arms around me and held me tightly. "You're welcome." He kissed the top of my head.

Ohhhh. This felt so good, so right. A pleasantly warm feeling of comfort and contentment flashed through me. I felt myself smiling.

Until he released me. Then I felt sad and lonely.

"If I don't leave now..." He lifted a brow. Then he stepped outside.

I watched him go, my heart pounding in my chest.

I had a decision to make.

Already, my heart knew what it wanted.

I didn't need time to think it over. Even my subconscious knew what I wanted.

I was terrified, yes. More scared about facing this next stage in our relationship than I had the first. Because now it wasn't just a casual thing. It wasn't just sex or kinky games. It was about feelings, developing a real connection. Building the foundation for something that might last the rest of our lives.

My heart in my throat, I raced out the front door. I saw Shane's car. The engine was rumbling. But the headlights were still out. He hadn't left yet.

Waving my arms, I barefooted it down the front walk. His door swung open and he was out of the car before I'd run more than a few feet. We met somewhere in the middle. Our bodies smashed together. Then he grabbed my face, sandwiching it between his hands and kissed me.

Shane was one hell of a kisser. Every kiss he'd given me had sent my mind reeling. But this kiss was different.

It was a claiming, yes. It was a possession. But it was also a surrender, as if he were surrendering to me, to his need for me.

While his mouth told me how much he'd missed me, he swept me up into his arms and carried me back to my house. In we went, through the front door. I giggled in our joined mouths as he kicked it shut. He carried me to my bedroom and set me gently on the bed.

I could count his every breath as he stared at me, he was breathing so hard. His pupils were so wide I could barely see the color of his eyes. His face was flushed.

He visibly swallowed. "I want...I want to make love to you now."

Ohmygod, the way he'd said that, I felt like I might soar to the clouds.

"Yes," I said, extending my arms to pull him to me. "Please make love to me." My hands found the bottom of his shirt. "May I?"

He nodded, lifted his arms to allow me to pull off his shirt. Then, kneeling upright on the bed, I removed his pants and underwear. For once, he was nude first, exposed to me while I was still dressed. While his domination games made my blood pound hot through my body, I liked this change. I liked seeing him like this. He wanted me. His flushed skin, tense muscles and erection told me that.

I wrapped my hand around his thickness and teased it, and he closed his eyes and gave a little growling sound. His breathing was rough and fast. So was mine. His erection was hard, a glistening droplet of precome gathered on the tip. My tissues were wet too, my muscles tense, my skin burning.

"Bristol," he said on a sigh, reaching for me.

"Oh, no you don't. We're making love. Sometimes the woman gets to make the rules during lovemaking." Turning the tables on him, I caught his wrists in my fist and held them out to the sides. I was in control this time. Me. But only because he was letting me. And only until I pushed him over the edge and he became too desperate to play along with my game.

"Lay down," I told him.

He reclined back, and I positioned him so his hands were up over his head. What a sight this was. Shane lying before me, his body laid out for my pleasure, only mine. I could lick and taste and tease and torment to my heart's content.

But God help me, I wasn't going to have the patience to do that.

My gaze meandered over his perfectly formed body. That chest. Sigh. Those abs. Sigh. That...very large erection. Double sigh.

I kissed my way down the center of his body, from the little notch between his collarbones to his bellybutton. Then, I licked and nipped a little further south, intentionally avoiding any contact with his penis.

He mumbled. He moaned. He tried to grab me once or twice. But I knocked his hands away, chastising him with a, "No, you don't." When I couldn't take any more, I sat up again, and sighed. And with trembling hands, and Shane's hot and hungry gaze watching my every move, I removed my clothes, one piece at a time. I made it as far as my bra and panties before he leaped at me, tackled me to the bed, and growled, "Enough, minx." He plunged into my slick heat.

How perfectly he filled me. Stretched me.

How perfectly he touched me, kissed me. Lying beneath him, I rocked my hips, meeting his thrusts, taking him deep. I loved the feel of his weight on top of me, loved the way his unique scent filled my nose, loved the way he growled like a big bear as he possessed my body.

Oh yes. This was what I'd been waiting for. Shane was still the same powerful, domineering man that made me breathless, but he'd also shown a little vulnerability. And it was that vulnerability that made me feel so safe with him now. Safe and cherished.

His hands tormented my br**sts while he pounding into me. He sat back on his knees, changing the angle and pushed my bent legs back so I was open wide to him. In that position, every stroke, both in and out, touched that place inside of me that sent electric jolts through my body. I was getting hot, hotter. Burning up. So tight. So breathless.

"Touch yourself, minx," he demanded. "Show me how you come."

I'd never touched myself in front of anyone before. The thought was scandalous. It made me flush. It made my insides clench around his invading shaft.

Ohhhh, did that feel good.

A wave of carnal heat pulsed through me.

I was getting closer to orgasm. But I didn't want this to end. Not yet. If I touched myself...no. I couldn't.

I tossed my head from side to side.

"Do it. For me."

The way he spoke those words...it was almost a plea. I couldn't refuse, even though I knew I was about to cl**ax. I slid my hand down my stomach, over my mound. A fingertip slipped between my slick folds, finding the hard little nub hiding beneath them.

With the first stroke, I felt the contractions building. A couple more, and my inside muscles were convulsing around him as he roughly claimed me.

"Mine," he said, over and over, and he thrust deep inside. "Mine. Only mine."

"Yes, Shane. Only yours." I wrapped my arms around his neck, my legs around his waist. He gave me one last inward thrust then jerked out, spilling his seed on my stomach.

Then, while I struggled to catch my breath, he cleaned me with a warm washcloth before lying down and gathering me into his arms.

Lost in bliss, I felt myself smiling as I drifted off to sleep.

* * * * *

The next morning, I woke to the sensation of Shane's hands gently gliding over my body, his heat radiating over my back, his erection burning the skin of my bu**ocks. What a wickedly delicious way to start the day.

He nuzzled my neck, giving me little nips that tickled. Goose bumps prickled my shoulders and back. "I have to go, but I'll pick you up next week. Friday. You'll get my letter on Wednesday."

Smiling, "Okay."

"Do you remember the question I asked you when we were in Antigua?" he murmured as he flicked his tongue into my ear.

"Which one? The one about what I want?" Already, I knew my answer. It had nothing to do with money. It had nothing to do with a job. Or a house. Or a car. It had to do with a certain man, of wanting him to become the man I believed he could be.

"When we meet, I would like you to tell me the answer to that question."

Pretending I didn't have a clue, I sighed, "I guess I can try."

He flipped me onto my back and climbing over top of me glowered. "You'll try?"

I giggled. "Yes, sir. I will have that answer for you."

"Better." He brushed his lips against mine. A kiss that was too short and too sweet. Taking his advice to heart, I grabbed the hair at his nape and pulled. And I gave him a proper kiss, running my tongue along the seam of his mouth. He didn't open to me, instead, he pushed my tongue back. While his mouth possessed mine, he cupped my ass, and I wrapped my legs around his waist, clinging to him, relishing the feel of his heat, the taste of him as it spread through my mouth, the sound of the low rumble vibrating in his chest.

He kneaded the globes of my bottom roughly, pulled the flesh apart and traced the seam of my slit with a fingertip. I gasped into our joined mouths.

"I have your answer, Shane. I want you," I said between kisses. I sounded more desperate than demanding. The raspy tone of my voice said need more than want.

"I see. I know what I said about taking what you want. But let's make one thing clear, minx," he growled, eyes sharp, "You can't take me. Not now. Not ever. No. I will always take you." And to illustrate, he gripped my waist and impaled me with his thick rod.

I cried out from the pleasure and shock. Him wanting me, me wanting him. His taking me. Me taking him. Who cared? All I knew was that he was filling me, stretching me, shoving in and out roughly, stroking that spot inside that made blazes erupt through my whole body.

The rest, we could figure out later.

We'd had our troubles, but in just a short time we'd already learned there was something really powerful between us. Something special. There was no way to know yet if it would make us better people...or destroy us.

Only time would tell.

The End

