Prologue

"Honey, we should talk about some options." Dad's weary eyes searched for mine.

"Stop it. Just stop it. You're starting to sound like them." My eyes wandered across the room, settling on the quietly beeping heart rate monitor next to the bed. I couldn't look at him, especially when he started talking like this.

"You can't keep going on like this, throwing away your money on an old man."

"Dr. Vatel thinks the new treatment will work."

"He said there was a possibility it could work, Julia."

I studied the pattern on the linoleum tiles, trying to calm myself down. Every so often he'd bring this up again, and it never ceased to rile me up all the same. I think it was when the pain got bad for him. I tried to ask the doctors to increase the dosage on the morphine drip, but they said it was too dangerous.

"Stop talking like that. I'm not going to lose you like we lost Mom. I'm going to continue paying for Glenvale and that's final!" I stared down at my hands, trembling slightly. I gripped the plastic handle on the hospital bed, my vision starting to blur with wetness.

I needed to be strong. I needed to be strong for Dad. Mom made me promise that to her when she was in the hospital, when she had lain in that antiseptic room just waiting for the disease to take her. It was hard on both of us, but Dad took the worst of it. I was too busy building up Lynx, the magazine company I founded, to have much time to think about her passing. Every day I would rush over to the hospital after work to check on her, but Dad was with her all the time. He practically slept in that hospital room. We tried every treatment that the insurance covered, but it wasn't enough to save her in the end.

And now it's happening all over again.

No. This time it's different. Lynx is no longer the scrappy magazine operating out of a basement apartment. It doesn't matter if Dad's insurance won't cover the new experimental treatments. Now, I can make sure he has the best treatment that money can buy.

"You were always so headstrong." Dad chuckled lightly, realizing that he wasn't going to win this argument. "So how's your world?"

Thank God, he's finally dropping the subject.

"Good Daddy, everything is good."

"How's the big story? Ready to go to press?"

"Soon, there are a few more things to sort out, but it's getting there."

"What about that handsome young man? Blake." His eyes twinkled at me.

"You mean Mark? He's the only one you met. He's fine I guess, I don't see him around that much. He's been getting on my case, but at least he doesn't hold the fact that they own the majority stake in the company over my head constantly."

"You owe them a lot you know. Especially Mark."

"I know."

Blake and Mark Stone of Sandstone Ventures had saved Lynx in 2008 with an injection of capital, when the recession pretty much froze the news stands. No one was buying magazines. It was the right decision at the time to take their offer, but I couldn't help but regret losing full control over Lynx. It was my company, my child, my life.

Even though Mark had never been heavy handed when giving me "advice", I knew that ultimately they could force the company to go in whichever direction they wanted. I followed Mark's advice when it made sense, but sometimes I had to ignore him.

Mark had never been able to convince me to give up my feud with the larger and more popular Ladies World. I knew that Sandstone Ventures had a stake in Ladies World, but that didn't stop me from undercutting them, scooping the heck out of their reporters, and calling them out on their vapid articles.

I knew I should have given him a break, especially since he got my father into Glenvale when the hospital director had claimed that all of the beds were full.

"Mark's a good man, Julia. Why doesn't he come around anymore?"

"He's very busy Dad, he was just being polite when he came to visit."

Truth was, Mark had been adamant about visiting my father with me and insisted on speaking to the hospital director to make sure that Dad had the best doctor on his case. It was one of the only times in recent memory that he hadn't hounded me about leaving Ladies World alone.

"Oh please, Julia, I saw the way you two looked at each other last time he was here. He can't be so busy that he doesn't have time for my lovely daughter."

I had always been attracted to Mark, and he really went out of his way to help me out so he must have felt something for me too, but neither of us ever acted on those impulses. I guess he always seemed so composed and distant. Thinking about Mark's square chin and piercing eyes was sending uncomfortable waves of heat between my thighs and I wasn't quite ready for those feelings again. Nor did I want to have to justify my relationship status to Dad yet again.

"Listen Dad, I have to get to work. I'll be around to visit later tonight okay?"

"Okay, bye honey."

"Love you, Daddy."

Chapter 1

Something's different today. I can tell the second I walk in the door to the office. Instead of the usual noise and chatter of reporters and designers brainstorming and teasing one another, or the frantic scurry of interns running photos to various cubicles, there is a hushed and focused pall across the room. I see Jeff mouth, "She's here" to the layout manager.

Crossing the room in silence, acutely aware of the absence of clicking keyboards, I push this morning's conversation with Daddy out of my head and put on my business face.

Janice stands up as I approach. That's not normal.

"You need to wait here," Janice says in a quiet but heavy voice. I try to push past her.

"Why would I do that? I need to be in my office."

"Julia. Stop!" Janice jumps between me and the door. "Just stop a moment."

"What on earth?" I try to control my confused reaction. Janice has been my administrative assistant since the first issue of Lynx went to press. She's a good employee and an even better friend. When we're at yoga, lunch or anywhere else she calls me Julia. But in all these years inside this office I have always been "Miss Sharp."

"Julia, I don't know what's going on, but some lawyer from Sandstone came in today with security guards. They've been going through the stuff in your office all morning, I tried to stop them but-"

"Janice, what the hell is-"

"I'm sorry Julia, I have to let them know that you're here."

"Miss Sharp has arrived," Janice says into the intercom and sits down looking at the desk. Before I can get a grasp on what any of this means, two armed security guards emerge from my office. One reaches out toward me and motions me into the door.

"Did something happen here?" I ask the somber guard. "Have I been robbed?"

"Oh, someone was robbed, Miss Sharp," the oily voice I recognize at once calls from the inner office. "But, it wasn't you."

"Mr. Allen." I shudder when I say his name. As one of Sandstone Venture's attorneys, and the personal lawyer of Blake Stone, Kenneth Allen is more of a pompous bully than an officer of the court. He's been insufferable ever since I turned down his clumsy attempts at courtship.

"How nice of you to visit. What brings you here, and why have you commandeered my property?"

"You're wrong on all counts, Miss Sharp," Kenneth drawls, his voice thick with superiority. "This is neither nice nor a visit, and nothing here is your property. This magazine and this office are the property of Sandstone Ventures. Of course, if you had known that we wouldn't need the added security."

Kenneth is standing behind my desk, his meaty paws thumbing through folders he has pulled out of my drawers and placed all over. Red tags cover my computer, my file cabinet and even my lunchbox left over from yesterday. I pull at a tag to see the word "EVIDENCE" written across it.

"Evidence? Evidence of what?"

"I'm sure if you search your soul deep enough, you'll figure it out," Kenneth says. He talks to me like I'm three years old and it always sends me into a tailspin.

"Drop the act and tell me what is going on or get the hell out of my office."

I hear the click of the office door as the security guard closes it, shutting out the prying eyes and ears of my entire staff. Mr. Allen reaches into his briefcase and brings out three legal sized manila folders, placing them in a line. The last folder is red.

"We've been watching Lynx for some time, Miss Sharp. Or, should I call you, 'Miss Shark?' That's what your staff calls you. We saw it all over their inter-office instant messaging. We also saw some... shall we say... irregularities in the account management. We aren't sure what we're looking at yet, but if it's anything serious you will be the first person we notify."

"Irregularities? That's bullshit. Where's Mark? Why isn't he here telling this to my face?"

I can see the gloating fire behind Kenneth's eyes. "Mark is no longer in charge of your accounts. He turned all the necessary documentation over to Blake last week."

Another news flash that hits me between the eyes.

"Why would he do that?" It's like trying to put together a puzzle where none of the pieces match in any way. I'm drowning in new information and none of it makes any sense.

Stop. Calm down, Julia. Breathe. You need to think.

"Because Mark is in charge of functioning properties, and this magazine no longer meets the criteria. Blake is in charge of acquisitions, transfers, mergers and-in your case-closures."

A surge of fury and something else, betrayal, clenches in my stomach.

"Closures? You're closing Lynx? You can't do that! I still own forty-nine percent of this company, damn it. You can't just come in here with some bullshit charge and then shut us down! I have some time for legal recourse." This can't be happening.

Kenneth opens the first folder. "You're right, Miss Sharp. Of course, you're always right, aren't you? Enclosed is a copy of the injunction barring Lynx Magazine from any independent publication, action or pursuit until the terms of closure are finalized. The magazine can function only under the direction of Blake Stone until your time for rejoinder is finished."

I stare at the stack of legal nonsense in front of me. I need to sit down but the only chair in the room has a box filled with files in it. I grip the back to steady myself as Kenneth opens the second folder.

What? There's more? I'm trying to clear my vision.

"What you see in this document is the closure of Lynx Magazine, and transfer of contracts, staff, projects in development and all resources to another of Sandstone's properties."

Kenneth smiles like a hungry alligator.

"Everything here, except for one element, will be transferred to Ladies World under the direction of Valerie James. And finally," Kenneth clears his throat, smiling broadly as he opens the red folder. He pretends to offer it to me then pulls it back. The security guard has both my arms behind my back so he knew I couldn't take it in the first place. "Well, I can see you're upset. I'll just read it."

"Yes, please do," I snarl.

"Julia Sharp, by executive order of Blake Stone, Co-President of Sandstone Ventures, due to the pending closure of Lynx and transfer of its resources to a magazine that already has an editor-in-chief, your position has been declared redundant and your services are no longer required. Pursuant to contract section V paragraph 3A-you are hereby terminated from your position."

He hands the folder to a guard and sits down behind my desk while his superior smile still gleams. I look around the silent room, struggling to hold back the fire that I feel building up in the pit of my stomach. A loud throbbing noise fills my ears as I try to contain it. The flames build in intensity until they sear a hole through my chest, surging forth in an uncontrollable torrent.

"I built this company from nothing! This is my company. I landed those stories while eating ramen in a basement! I stalked those celebrities to get those interviews. I hustled my ass off to sign on those advertisers! And you think that Valerie James over at Ladies World will know what to do with it? You can't just come in here with some trumped up bullshit and get rid of me!"

Kenneth nods and the guard starts tugging at my arm.

"These gentlemen will walk you to your car. Good day, Miss Sharp."

I struggle against the guard's grip, trying to get away. "This isn't over, if you think it's going to be that easy to take Lynx away from me, you're wrong!"

I'm rushed through the door and look to see the entire staff, some with mouths hanging open, watching me being escorted from the building like a petty thief. The guards don't let me go until I've been deposited in the front seat of my car.

I slam my hands against the steering wheel. What the hell just happened in there? Why was there no warning of this? It didn't make any sense! Mark made no mention of this when I last saw him. Those goddamn wolves. Was this the plan all along? String me along with promises of independent governance and then send me out the door with some bullshit, so they could have Lynx to themselves?

No. It can't end like this. Maybe it would've been better if we had gone bankrupt in 2008, I could have taken that. We would have fought the fair fight and lost. But this, this is something else.

I look at the red folder the guard gently placed in the passenger seat on top of my old mail and Daddy's hospital bills. Shit. How am I going to pay for Glenvale now? There's no way insurance is going to cover a private hospital like that. I feel the first hot tears begin to pour down my cheek. Daddy. I can't lose him too. Not when I had missed so many of Mom's last days because I was caring for my struggling company. No. I need to be strong for Dad.

I'm pretty sure Kenneth Allen is watching me from my own office window. I want to flip him off and drive out in a show of bravado, but I can't seem to get my arms to move. I grip the steering wheel until my knuckles are white, imagining my hands around the throat of Kenneth.

The tears keep coming, one after another until I put my head on the steering wheel and collapse in a heap of breathy, heaving sobs.

Oh my god. What am I going to do?

Chapter 2

It's hard to drive with tears, anger and confusion all taking turns steering your brain. Amazingly, I manage to get home in one piece. I go over and over everything that sleazeball attorney told me and can't find anything I can use to make this go away. Some of it isn't unexpected. I know Blake hates me, and favors supporting Ladies World because it's bigger and older. I know Kenneth is a slimy henchman who will do anything to put Blake on top. I know at forty-nine percent, I am at their mercy.

I open a bottle of wine and pick at a salad for dinner. After cataloging the "knows", I turn my attention to the things I don't know and my anger begins to override the numbness of the shock. What are they looking for in my computer?

Why didn't Mark tell me when he turned over my account? Why didn't he call me? I thought Mark was supposed to be on my side! The questions build inside me until I've given a name to everything I don't understand: Mark Stone.

With a fury, I grab my keys and get in the car. All I know is that Mark Stone better be working late, and he better have some damn good answers.

Sure enough, there's only one light in the office on the 6th floor of the building holding Sandstone's offices. It's Mark's. I blitz through the lobby past security, the memory of the former security guard causing my wrist to ache, and hit the elevator for the sixth floor. The nameplate informs me the Law Offices of Allen and Martinez are on floor five, but their windows were dark. I'm sure Kenneth and Blake are out having a cocktail, toasting to the end of my future. I practically jump through the elevator door when it opens and find myself in the front hallway of Sandstone.

I enter quietly and turn down the hall to his office. Opening the door to his outer office, I see a light coming through the crack of the door to his personal office. The secretary's chair is empty, her desk neatly organized with manila folders of deals and financial sheets. The quiet methodical tapping of the keyboard drifts through the silent office, and I pause for a second.

I should go. I'm a wreck. I can't let him see me like this. Mark is the one person in this whole company I want to respect me, and truthfully, I've always wanted him to be interested in me for a little more than work.

I pace in his outer office, listening to him working on his computer. A framed picture of Mark, Blake and their father hangs on the wall. They're posing next to a large swordfish, on the deck of a white yacht, the leather seats visible in the background. The rich bastard was supposed to help me, but instead, he pushed me down, stabbed me in the back and left me bleeding all over his tidy account register.

I storm forward, pushing open the door.

His untied tie hangs around his neck, and his shirt sleeves are rolled up to his elbows. His sandy-brown hair and muscular chest give me a moment's pause.

"Julia." He looks up slowly as he sees me enter his office. "Are you okay?"

"Do you think I'm okay, Mark?"

"No," he says somberly. "I'm sure you're not. I'm sure it's been a rough day."

"A rough day? Is that what you call it? A rough day? Your firm closed down my office! Your lawyer humiliated me in front of my whole staff! You've taken away everything I ever had and will ever have. Yes, Mark, I've had a f**king rough day!"

"To be fair, Julia," Mark says with his signature sense of accuracy and control. "Ken Allen is not my lawyer. He's Blake's."

"Lynx was your account. The magazine was in your hands. Protecting it was your responsibility."

"Why don't you sit down?" He rises from his chair and walks around the desk. I can see my words have stung him. He's not making eye contact. "There's a lot here that you don't understand."

"Of course I don't understand, Mark. I don't understand why I've just lost my life's work." In my anger, the jabs turn mean and petty. "But you wouldn't understand that, would you? Because this isn't your life's work, is it? No, it's your Daddy's life work. It was passed down to you and Blake to carry on the Stone dynasty. You've had everything given to you your entire life. All you've ever had to do was make Daddy happy."

"That's enough, Julia! Sit down."

I know I've gone too far, but I can't stop now.

"No! You sit down. I'm tired of taking orders from Sandstone executives. This is your fault, Mark. Yours!"

Mark opens his arms to try to catch or guide me into a chair, but I propel myself at him, hitting him in the chest with my fists. I feel my hands hit the solid muscle of his body, and I strike at him again and again. He catches my arms and pulls me close to him, close enough to catch his strong masculine scent of smoky cinnamon and leather. With his red, angry face inches away from me, he spits as he spews his defense in my face.

"Dammit, why do you have to be so stubborn, Julia? You think this helps? You think refusing to listen to anybody else but yourself is going to get your position back? Let me tell you something. Your 'boobs of steel' act where you play the tough broad breaking the glass ceiling with her bare hands isn't what made you a success in this business. You've just been getting by with it, and now it's pushed you right out the door. "

I struggle against his arms, his words piercing holes into me.

"If anyone is to blame here, it's you, Julia. I told you to stop going after Ladies World. I begged you to let your feud with Valerie go. I sent you memos and messages and warnings that we would always take the side of the big magazine over the upstart small one. But you wouldn't listen. You had to pursue it. You had to fight. You had to win. Julia, you walked into something way over your head, and you refused to listen to any advice!"

Overcome with emotion, my wrists still bound in his hands, I bring my foot up and kick him squarely in the shin.

"Bastard!" I scream at him and kick him a second time as he grimaces in pain.

His eyes turn to ice as he towers above me, locking me in his stare. I hear my heartbeat throbbing in my ears, wondering if I'd gone too far, wondering if he was right and I had just lost my only hope of figuring this mess out because I was too stubborn, too emotional, pushing away the only ally I've had since the buyout in a fit of rage. A silent flash passes between our eyes, and he grabs my shoulders with strong hands, holding me in place. The thought of escape flees my mind as he leans down and crashes his lips into mine.

I open my mouth to him, crushing my lips up against his for a moment, his rough tongue searching inside me, opening me in a way I never expected. How many times had I fantasized about the feel of those lips on mine? We find harmony for a second, and then my brain kicks back in. I bite his lip, and he jumps back.

He glares at me. Wrapping me up in his strong arms, he kisses me a second time. My body alternates between struggling and inviting. I slap at his back and arms, but then my lips follow his, pulling him closer and closer into me as all strength to resist dissipates into where our tongues entwine. He reaches down and pushes the papers off his desk, backing me into it. Still holding and kissing me, his hand shoots to my breast. My hand lifts to hit him once more but weakens into grabbing at his shirt. Then I start shaking him back and forth.

"I needed a fighter! I needed someone as strong as I was! I needed someone with the balls to stand up for me!" I cough up mountains of anger and frustration on him as he continues to hold and press against me, kissing any part of me that isn't fighting back. He leans in my ear.

"I know exactly what you need," he says and turns me quickly, bending me over the desk. His hand holding my back and his kiss still warm on my lips, he folds me like paper. I feel the pressure of his body behind me. He lifts my skirt and pushes it up on my back, pushing me harder against the desk. "This is what you need."

"Mark..." I say as I stretch my arms forward to grab the front of his desk. His briefcase falls with a crash as I feel him pushing against me again.

"This is what you need," he leans over whispering, his hot breath in my ear, his body pressing against me as he pulls down my panties and reaches between my trembling legs. The wetness of my desire is unmistakable. Still in my ear, he says, "This is what you want."

"Yes," I whisper softly, almost hoping he doesn't hear me, but I feel his fingers probing me, finding their way inside.

"Is this what you want?" he asks. I hear his zipper going down with one hand as the weight of him still firmly presses me against the hard wood. His hips are already starting a motion against me. I am lost to the moment.

"Yes!" I scream. "God help me, yes!"

He enters me quickly, his c**k splitting my opening and pushing its way through my body. My head drops down on the desk as his rough thrusts begin pushing deep into me, smacking me with his power, his strength. My narrow long-neglected passage comes alive around his shaft, gripping and pulsing as he thrusts over and over. I can't tell if he's taking me or punishing me or just loving me but the rough sensations sweep me along the surge of his lust.

Grabbing my hips, he thrusts into me like a man possessed, each thrust pushing my breath out in loud bursts as he growls through gritted teeth.

The buildup of energy, the sensation of my clit being pushed and rubbed by his thrusts against the hard desk, his c**k pounding me again and again to the rhythm of his control-filling my body and soul-is too much. My back arches and I buck underneath him. I clamp my mouth shut, unwilling to allow him to hear the pleasure I'm getting from his merciless cock, but the spasms of my body surge against his shaft. He slams into me with several halting hard jerks then moans loudly as his se**n floods my raw insides.

Mark pauses long enough to catch his breath, then withdraws, leaving me sore, filled and stunned. The moment passes in silence with only our ragged breaths providing a clue to our presence. He pats me on the rear gently and pushes a Kleenex box toward me as I hear his zipper go back up. Propelling myself up on weak arms, I return to an upright position. He looks out the window as I lean down to pull my panties back in place.

I stand before his desk like a paddled schoolgirl. The glorious feelings of afterglow fill me with such peace and ground me into the reality of the moment. I am content just to stare at him and feel his phantom presence in my core.

"I...um...I..." I can't talk. I don't know how to respond, and the endorphin rush in my head is making any decision impossible.

Finally, he looks up and speaks in a clear, crisp detached tone.

"Listen to me Julia. There are things at stake here that you don't understand. I don't even understand all of it yet. I can't promise you that I'll be able to help you, but I'll promise to try. What I need from you is trust. You can't just operate like a lone wolf if you want me to help you." He continued through his panting. "I will look into the files to see what Blake has planned for Lynx, and if there's anything that can be done about it."

Stunned, speechless, I turn to walk toward the door. With each step, my raw and stretched body reminds me of what just took place. I'm amazed that I can walk at all.

"And Julia," Mark calls sternly from his desk.

"Yes?" I turn and force myself to look at his face.

"I did fight for you. Otherwise we would've had this conversation six months ago."

I look at his eyes, creased with lines of fatigue. For the first time, I notice a streak of grey in his hair that I had never seen before.

"One more thing. Don't try to contact me here again, if I'm to help you, we can't be seen together. I can't tell you more than that for now, but the answers will come soon. Understand?"

"Yes, Mark," I say softly, as if an odd spell has changed my entire demeanor. He smiles reassuringly then turns to pick his work off the floor.

Chapter 3

It's noon and I'm still sitting at the kitchen table, which is covered in paperwork. Old mail, notes, and the documents Kenneth Allen gave me the day I was fired all sit in front of me in one intimidating lump. Normally I can focus and get things done, but I'm so distracted by my feelings about Mark and what we did that I can't really think at all.

Did that really happen? I shift positions in my chair and the soreness winds throughout my lower body reminding me that Mark Stone f**king me over his office desk was all too real, indeed.

How on earth did I even get in that position? Did I want it? Did I need it? Most importantly, no matter what I think about my wants and needs, what does Mark think about me? I go into his office screaming like a madwoman and end up gripping the edge of his desk begging him to take me. I needed his help and respect, and now I'm not sure I have either.

That's not really fair though. I mean, that kind of dance takes two. How unfair is it of him to take advantage of my clearly unhinged state and toss me over the desk? Why wasn't he looking out for my company in the first place? I'm mad at Mark, and I'm mad at me. We somehow managed to take a bad situation and make it worse. Anger isn't a bad thing; it's fuel and it propels me to do something with the stack of crap in front of me besides stare at it.

Grabbing a cup of strong coffee, I move out of my haze and sort the mail from the rest of the pile. Nothing too interesting: a few bills, some sale flyers and a copy of Inc. Magazine for business owners. Guess I have to cancel my subscription to that. Then I see one of the bills is marked "Glenvale Cancer Treatment Center." That's not good. I rip the envelope open to confront one the many facts of my situation I had not wanted to face.

An outrageous sum for chemotherapy and care for the past two weeks is due by Friday. I have this payment and maybe two or three more, then I'm out of money. Dad isn't responding to anything they were doing for him at Mercy General and his Medicare cap is getting close. They wanted to put him on "comfort care" and let the cancer run its course. Mark helped me find Glenvale. It's an experimental cancer treatment center that offers drug trials and in-patient treatment but isn't covered under insurance. So, I've been footing the bill. The scary part is, I'm not sure how much longer I can keep this up without a job.

The phone rings.

"Julia Sharp," I answer with my usual business voice. Just because I'm unemployed doesn't mean I have to sound like a pauper, particularly to the scheduler from the Sunrise Yoga.

"Julia, it's Janice. I'm at the yoga place."

"I can't come to yoga right now, Janice. I've got things on my mind, if you haven't noticed." My tone with her is crisp and snide. I guess I can't blame her for continuing to work at Lynx, but it would have been a comforting gesture if my good friend would've stood up for me and left.

"I don't care about yoga. It's the only safe place to call you from."

"What?"

"Kenneth All-Slime and Blake the Snake are in the office all the time. I can't call you from there, and I'm kind of afraid to use my cell. Everyone is really tense."

"Well, that's what you get when you decide to stay in the gutter with the rats," I say without compassion. Does she really think I should feel sorry for her? It's my life that's a mess.

Janice gives me an annoyed sigh. "I just wanted to let you know I got it out of the office before they found it. When you're ready for it, it's secure."

"You've got what?"

"The story, of course. That's what all this is about isn't it?"

"I don't know what it's about, to tell you the truth. But keep the story safe. And, thanks Janice."

A hot bath, a glass of Merlot, and some nice music is the best medicine I can afford right now. While some folks use those things to relax, I'm using them just to keep myself going. I've got to find a way to get my head around what's happening. I admit I've had my eye on Mark Stone for some time, imagining what a joint venture with him would be like in the boardroom and in the bedroom. But right now I'm as far from the boardroom as I could possibly get, and while I've certainly been on the receiving end of his attention, it's not like he's inviting me to the bedroom.

The wine takes the edge off, and I realize he's right. I am afraid to ask for help, and I don't like giving in. I do put on an act and try to bully people into my way. It's the only way I know to get ahead in the publishing game. There's no room for the weak. Valerie James is just as ruthless and cutthroat as I am. She just does it with a smile. Somehow that's worse.

Finally relaxed, I mull my options. I've got a lawyer looking for a loophole in the original Sandstone Ventures contract, but he's already said it looks airtight. I do get a chance to file a rejoinder, but I don't even know what grounds I could file under. I have Mark's mysterious plan, which I can't even fathom-let alone count on. Finally, I have the Wall Street article Janice managed to save from Blake. I don't know what to do with any of these but there has to be a way. The phone jars me out of my focused state.

"Julia Sharp," I say, hoping it's not Janice again calling me from the laundromat or Burger King.

"It's Mark," he says with that deep beautiful voice. I can see him in my mind's eye and my body begins tingling in response to the very sound of him.

"What do you want?" I say far too rudely for my own good.

"Meet me at the fourth level of the parking deck at Monroe and Seventh Street around nine o'clock tonight. Come alone."

"Do you want me to wear a cloak and carry a dagger?" I respond sarcastically. Mark just hangs up the phone leaving my attempt at humor hanging in the air like a bitter pill. Part of me thinks I should nip this in the bud right now and stand him up. That will back him off. Yet another part of me that resides noticeably lower in my body, wants to meet him and see what he can do.

I arrive about ten minutes to nine, and I'm the only car parked on this level. Mark pulls up in an Escalade at nine on the dot. He's such a careful and exacting man. He gets out of the driver's seat, opens the passenger side back door, and walks around to the driver's side, getting in the back. I look around, and climb in the back.

"Close the door, genius," Mark says with a smile. "You're not very good at this sneaky stuff."

"Before Sandstone Ventures came along, I didn't have to be," I retort as I pull the door closed. What is it about him that makes me want to rebel and obey all at the same time?

"Where's Jose?" I ask. I had never seen Mark driving himself before.

"At this point, it's better if no one knows that we're meeting."

"Even Jose? I thought you trusted him." The older man always had a smile and a joke for me whenever he drove us to visit Glenvale.

Mark's silent look is answer enough to that question.

Mark turns on the map light in the back. It's a surprisingly roomy vehicle for a single man to drive around in. Maybe it's his mobile office. He reaches into the door side pocket and pulls out a folder with copies of the same documents Kenneth Allen gave me.

"Have you read these?"

"Yes," I reply, unwilling to admit I can't make heads or tails out of most of them.

"Then you know what the problem is, right?" Mark speaks in a clearly controlled focused manner. It's hard to sound professional in the back seat of an SUV in an empty parking garage, but he pulls it off nicely.

"I know I lost my company, and it's a problem," I respond petulantly, and then remember he doesn't have to help me at all. "Honestly, I really don't know much about what they say. It's all legalese to me."

"They say you have thirty more days, four weeks, to save your company."

"Thirty days?"

"That's how long you have to file a rejoinder. About four weeks. If you don't find a reason to file, or don't file on time, Lynx Magazine's assets, talent, stories and resources all become the property of Ladies World."

"What do I need to file?"

"You need evidence that you were wrongfully put out of the company because of corruption, personal gain, or by an inappropriate system, and you want the matter legally reviewed. If you have evidence, a judge can stop the merger to Ladies World. But you need real proof, not just theories and venom."

"I don't have it. Do you?"

"No, but I have a plan. It's going to take almost all thirty days, and it's risky for me, but I think I might be able to find something you can use to file. However, I'm going to need your help and I'm going to need you to trust me."

"I must trust you, I'm here aren't I?"

"I mean you need to trust me with more than a passing glance. You need to trust me body and soul, to give your whole self to me and rely on me to do what's right."

"Here we go again with a lecture on what I need. Can you please stop being my life coach and just help me save my job?" I'm shocked by this turn of events, and this talk about my body makes me edgy and wet all at the same time.

"I have a proposal for you. Are you ready to listen with an open mind, or should I wait a few more days while the clock ticks down on Lynx?"

His face is passive, calm, waiting. I consider throwing another casual snide comment at him, to drive a barb into him, to spur him to drop his cool exterior just for a second. I want to see the real Mark again, the human one, the one that can feel pain. The Mark that had been in the office. The caged animal just underneath the surface that had grabbed my hips, bent me over and used me like an object. That Mark had been frightening, but even more terrifying is how much I want to see that part of him again.

Stop it. This isn't just about me, or my company. Dad is counting on me. So is Janice. And the rest of my employees. Time is not on my side and tossing cruelty at Mark won't bring me any closer to getting Lynx back.

"I'm ready," I say with my head down like a school child in the principal's office. How does he keep doing that to me?

"Here's my proposal. I think I have a way to get you the proof you need to file a rejoinder. I can't tell you what it is, or how I'm going to get it. But I'll need your trust, your cooperation, and a source inside the magazine you can go to who won't reveal you. You need to be very close to your former employees. I will give you my expertise, time, investment, and strategy to make this plan work. In short, I will give you your job back and the humility necessary to run it."

"And what do you expect in return?"

"You will give me your body, your will, your trust and your obedience for the next thirty days. You will do what I say without question, and you will submit to my instructions, my desires and my discipline."

I freeze for a second, trying to process what he said. My body?

"Are you serious?" I ask him. "Is this something you and Blake designed together? He f**ks me over and then you get to f**k me?"

Mark continues speaking in that clear controlled way as if my accusation just bounced off the ceiling into oblivion.

"You will submit every part of your body, your mind and your soul to my will. While we are working on getting your company back, you will also be learning the basic things you need to know in order to keep it. Remember that if you had heeded my advice, you would never have gotten yourself into this position in the first place. If the reed will not bend, it must break. But I promise you this: on the day I hand you the keys to your office and your sexual freedom you will be thankful you said, 'Yes' no matter how challenging the next thirty days may be."

"You think that just because of what happened in the office, you can blackmail me like this?" I ball my fists.

"Not at all. I want to be very clear, Julia. If you accept this proposal, we will go forward in what will be an interesting and risky adventure. If at any time you wish to stop this agreement-whether it's getting your evidence or the sexual submission, all you have to do is say, 'I don't want this anymore' and I will stop. I'm not here to force you. I'm here to offer you a chance."

"I trusted you, Mark." I turn away from him.

"And I trusted you. I trusted your judgment to make the right decisions for Lynx. I never forced you to make any decision you didn't want to make, but you never trusted me enough to take my advice."

My hand reaches for the door handle. I'm trembling slightly, but I don't open the door. I don't run. I don't leave.

"Julia, by helping you, I am putting everything on the line. I am going against a decision that my own company has made. If I do this, I may be planting the seed to destroy everything that my father has built. Why should I risk it to return Lynx to your hands if you're only going to dig yourself into a deeper hole later on?"

My mind fills with images of women sprawled lewdly on satin sheets, blindfolded and handcuffed. Images of collars, whips and, paddles crowd out any ability to think rationally. Then out of the haze one image crystallizes in my mind. I am kneeling on the ground, my arms are tied behind me with thick coarse rope, my pencil skirt is hiked up to my waist, my bare bottom exposed as Mark presses his rigid manhood against my heated lips, stretching me open.

I can't do this. Something inside me wants this too much, and it scares me.

He rests a warm hand on my shoulder, "There is more than one way to be strong, Julia. You know one of them, I can teach you the other."

The silence stretches. The door handle is slippery and cool from my sweat, but I can't let go. It's my only root in reality right now.

"Can you really do it? Can you get Lynx back?" I ask quietly.

"I think that I can. But I need your help. I won't be able to tell you everything, and you must accept that. I will ask and teach you to do things you never imagined doing, and you must accept that too."

Mark opens his door and puts a long leg out onto the pavement, "I will give you some time to think about it. But I need your answer tonight."

He walks around the perimeter of the parking garage with his hands in his pockets staring out at the starry sky.

I could keep pressuring my lawyer. I could try to get this 'evidence' on my own. I could sell the Wall Street story to another magazine to scoop Ladies World. That would surely bring me a lawsuit, but at least I'd get the last laugh. Or, as my slit begins to moisten, I can take Mark's offer.

Sexual submission? Total trust? Even if I could get my body to cooperate, how would my mind ever fall into line? And what did he mean by teaching me another way to be strong? Yet, everything he has told me has been true. Every place he touches on me catches afire and ignites a craving within me that only he can satisfy. He was right about Lynx. He was right about me. If I had just listened to him and not gotten involved in a street fight with Ladies World, things might be different now. What more do I have to lose at this point? I have the power to stop it. He has the power to make it work.

I unlock the door and push it open, finally loosening my grip and wiping my sweaty palms on my skirt before walking over to him.

"Well?" he asks with a slight smile.

I swallow hard and speak as if I'm before a board of directors.

"I accept your proposal."

Chapter 4

In elementary school, I had a ponytail that reached halfway down my back. My mother would comb my hair every morning and braid it carefully, fixing it with a purple elastic band. It had to be purple because it was my favorite color, and the only color I was willing to have in my hair. I don't know who started it, but there was one year when all the boys thought it would be funny to yank on the girls' hair during class. First it was Maria. She went home crying. The teacher gave all the boys in the class a stern talk, but that didn't stop them. Next was Carolyn. Her mother had to come pick her up. When Brian Carter yanked on my ponytail, he ended up bawling on the floor with a bloody nose. We both went home that day, but none of the girls in the class ever had their hair pulled again.

I don't have a ponytail anymore, but sometimes I still check behind me, to catch the boy who thinks that I'm an easy target.

The empty parking lot seems larger, though nothing has changed. Mark and I walk back towards his Escalade.

"So, um, when do we start?" I ask as we reach his car.

"Now," there is something hard in his gaze that sends a twinge of pleasure between my thighs. "Kneel."

Why did I even ask? I take a deep breath. I had agreed to his proposal just moments ago, but I'm not sure that I'm ready. I look around the empty parking lot, the fluorescent lights creating shadows of the thick concrete support columns. What if someone sees us here? What will Mark think of me if I submit to his will so easily? Maybe I should have put up more of a fight. Maybe I should have run away. But where would that leave me?

Mark watches me, his bright eyes piercing into me as if he can see my doubt. One look at his face and I know that it had not been a request. Bending down in my heels, I awkwardly lower myself to the dirty concrete. There is something comforting about it. Just giving in to his demands and letting him lead for the moment. My heartbeat pounds in my ears and my thighs feel slippery.

"Beautiful," he says and reaches out to brush my cheek with his hand. His other hand slowly unzips his pants and brings out his erect c**k for me to see clearly for the first time. His hand leaves my cheek and grips the back of my neck pulling my face toward his member.

I stall as he brings me forward. Is this what I just agreed to? I've got my job to recover, my dad's hospital bills, my sense of dignity and pride to think about and I'm going to achieve these things by sucking Mark's beautiful, rigid, cock? My mouth waters in anticipation, the tingling of my clit undeniable and yet it is so hard to bend to his will.

"One minute in and you're already resisting," Mark says solemnly. "I see we have a lot of work to do. And, we only have thirty days to do it. So let's get started."

"Mark, I want to, it's just-"

"Open your mouth," he says firmly, his hand once again guiding my face forward. I open my mouth and take his c**k into it; first kissing the top then moving my head so my tongue can run along the bottom of his shaft. I open wider to take more of his c**k in me, shielding my teeth with my lips and bobbing my head up and back as the ridges and bumps of his c**k glide over my tongue. My tongue flicks at the base of his shaft as I reach farther. His hips begin a slight movement and he leans his head back clearly enjoying the sensation.

I try to move my head to guide his c**k to my cheek and not down my throat but he will have none of that, instead guiding my head with his hands. He starts to push farther and I gag on his cock. He withdraws it just enough to let me breathe then gags me with it again. Tears form in the corners of my eyes. I desperately try to move my head to keep up with him, but the gagging and retching continues until he withdraws. His wet, red c**k is now swollen and pulsing.

He pulls on my arm and guides me out of the car, leaving the passenger door open. I stand before him and he kisses me deeply.

"You have a beautiful mouth," he coos. "Mine."

Before I can respond he turns me around facing the seat and pushes my back down with his hand. Instinctively, I realize he wants to bend me over the car seat the way he had me on his desk that very first night. My brain buzzes with excitement when I feel him lifting my skirt and lowering my underpants. How I long for him to fill me again.

Smack! He slaps my naked cheek causing a sharp, warm pain then he slaps the other, my bottom tensing under this onslaught. Over and over he smacks my quivering globes as the heat builds between them.

"Mine," he murmurs. I feel his fingers insert themselves into my pu**y, moving back and forth. "And this is mine."

He lines himself up and with a solid full thrust, impales me on his cock. I cry out at the sudden stretching of my channel and my voice echoes all around the garage. Between the stinging of my ass cheeks and the rough pounding of my insides I am lost in a flurry of pleasure and pain. He grabs my hips and pumps his c**k into me, his balls making slapping noises against my backside as I lay bent over the seat.

I still taste his pr**cum in my mouth and my br**sts are rubbing against the harsh fabric of the vehicle sending my entire body into the chasm. Occasionally he withdraws almost all the way out, then slaps my ass cheek again before pushing himself entirely back in. My body is now raw from his hard c**k delving into me over and over. I feel his stretching and pulsing inside of me and I start squeezing him, encouraging his lust. He grabs me harder, pulling my hips and pushing them to force himself even deeper inside me. Short stabs punctuated by long, slow withdrawals take me off balance.

"Please," I whisper, unable to take much more of the rough pounding. I hear him growl in a guttural moan as I feel his seed squirt deep inside me. My bottom is still stinging from his slaps as he removes his cock, then rubs the head over my slit.

"Mine," he says in a breathless whisper and somewhere I feel that word lock around my brain too. Holding me down by the back still, I feel the head of his c**k go up and down my crack then stop right on top of my anus. The small puckered opening quivers at the stimulus.

"Also mine." He chuckles as I lurch forward, stung by the implication. He pats me gently on the backside. "But not tonight."

Allowing me to stand for a moment, he turns me to face him and kisses me again. I long to embrace him, but as my arms reach out, he is pushing my shoulders down directing me to my knees, my head once more in front of his now dripping, spent cock.

"Clean me," he says softly and I open my mouth to obey, using my pursed lips to wipe and dry his cock, as the taste of both of us mingles on my tongue. "Good, good."

He reaches down and picks me up, his arm muscles showing their strength. Placing me back in the SUV, he closes the door. I'm too shell shocked to do much of anything. He lowers the tailgate just long enough to get a blanket from the back, and then climbs inside. I notice his pants have been re-zipped and his smile is broad and peaceful.

Mark places the blanket over my shoulders while kissing my cheek and nuzzling my ears; he gently brushes his fingers through my hair.

"You're so beautiful, Julia. I've wanted you for so long, you beautiful brilliant star." He kisses me gently on the forehead then wraps his arms around me holding my body as I cry, releasing all my confusion and tension. We rest nestled like tender lovers for a time.

Eventually he taps me on the shoulder and tells me it is time for us to go.

"I don't understand something, Mark," I say when I have energy enough to talk. The truth is at this moment I really don't understand anything. "I know by taking this risk and trusting you I will get my job back, but what are you getting from all this? It surely isn't about the sex."

"I am getting a chance to shine light in the darkness and recover the Holy Grail from its ancestral hiding place so it belongs to me alone," he replies with a wry smile.

"What?"

"Don't worry about what I'm getting, Julia. I promise that it's worth it." Mark opens the car door and helps me to my own car. Guiding me gently by the arm, he places me in the front seat of my vehicle. When the seat hits my sore bottom, I yelp and a little smile escapes his lips. He promises to call me and steals away as quickly as he appeared.

I drive home in a haze, lucky the hour is late and the traffic is low. The stretch of lifting myself out of the car and walking into my apartment is almost more than I can bear. My body is empty of all its strength, and my mind is full of questions.

What did he mean "Holy Grail"? How can someone f**k me so hard then kiss me so gently? Am I a toy or am I his lover? Is he my savior or is he my friend with benefits? Where do we go from here?

~~~

I drop into bed after a shower and although I'm sore and swollen, I feel so full and wonderful inside. Never in my life could I imagine myself allowing a man to speak to me as Mark did, and I certainly have never offered anyone the kind of service I willingly gave him. It's all a puzzle to me.

Right as I'm drifting to sleep, I hear the annoying undeniable ringtone of my cell phone telling me there's a text message. That doesn't make any sense. It's nearly midnight and since I've lost my job my texts have gone from forty a day to zero. I get up and cross the room, every step reminding me of the rough rear-entry pounding my pu**y just endured. When I look at the phone, the cover is supposed to show me the number it comes from.

The number is 555-555-5555.

It's an old reporter trick, of course. Pretty much anyone in publishing, news, or secret keeping knows how to set their phone up to register the 555 number as a way of masking their identity. I was taught the trick in college as were most of my staff and friends. So, whoever sent me this message wants to be anonymous. Let's see what they have to say.

Flicking the screen with my thumb, I choose the little text icon and the spinning circle appears for just a second before the message shows up on my phone. A chill goes down my spine and I am suddenly wide awake. There are four words on my screen.

"Do not trust him."

Chapter 5

I stare at the phone in disbelief. You've got to be kidding me. Don't trust him? I've not only given him my trust but also my hope and my body! My world spins as I realize how little I really know about Mark Stone. He and his brother Blake co-manage Sandstone industries but they are more like business partners than brothers. He handles active accounts. He believes in Lynx. He believes in me. He is the good guy and Blake is the snake.

Wait. That last one is not knowledge. It's assumption. I'm assuming he's the good guy because he hasn't done anything openly bad. But that doesn't make him good. He is certainly profiting off my situation for his carnal pleasure. And yet, it's my pleasure too. He didn't have to try to help me. He could have thrown me out of his office that very first night. As far as the sex goes, a man like Mark could have any woman in town, it's not like he needed to coerce me into having sex with him. In journalism school, we would call this all conjecture. No proof. No proof he's good. No proof he's bad.

I don't even know who the "him" in the text refers too. It could be Mark, or Blake, or Paul Freis, my lawyer, or Dr. Vatel, or any random man on the street. Hell, it could be Sanjay from yoga. It might not even be for me. Some cheated-on spouse trying to warn another who got the wrong number. I don't know where it came from and I don't know what it says. All I know is I promised to give my body and trust to a man I barely know in exchange for some kind of help I don't understand with no guarantee of success. The only person I can really count on is myself.

~~~

Three days fall off the calendar like overripe fruit thudding to the ground and still no word from Mark. First he tells me I only have thirty days to file this rejoinder then he blows three off like they are nothing. What does he expect me to do, just sit around on my hands waiting for the 29th day so he can call me and say "Sorry can't help you"?

I spent the first two days milling around, sharpening my resume, and visiting Dad. I called Janice for lunch but she's so paranoid about Sandstone Ventures she wants to wait another week. Finally this morning, Paul sent the packet over with his analysis of the firing documents.

Sitting at the kitchen table with his notes as a map, I finally find my way through most of the small print. Things were going pretty well until I see a notation Paul made about Termination Reason 1A. I had seen the part where they say my position is redundant because Ladies World has Valerie James as an editor and doesn't need me. What I hadn't seen, until Paul's paralegal highlighted it, was the part directly afterward.

Reason for Termination: Redundant position.

Rationale for Decision: The controlling property already has someone in the position of editor. Evidence has surfaced that Ms. Sharp has been guilty of negligence and incompetence in her own position and is not suitable to replace the current editor of the controlling property.

Negligence? Incompetence? I can't believe my eyes. How dare they suggest I was either of those things? I ran a tight ship at Lynx and no one could deny that. We were doing just fine without Sandstone Ventures until the economy crashed, and that was not my fault. But even after Sandstone, I was doing so well it pressured Ladies World. They couldn't handle the competition so they decided to fight dirty.

My hands ball into fists and I pound helplessly on the table. Someone has to answer for these lies.

Looking around for my purse and keys, I pause just long enough to scan the rest of my lawyer's notes about the termination papers. The conclusion, of course, is that without evidence of wrongdoing on their part, there is no way to file a rejoinder. I pause for a moment. I should let Paul Freis confront Blake about the accusations. Maybe I could use libel as evidence. I know that having my lawyer get a statement is the smartest way to go about this.

Screw smart. I'm done with that. Grabbing my keys, I storm out the door and on my way to Sandstone Ventures.

~~~

"I demand to see Blake Stone," I tell the receptionist through gritted teeth.

"I'm sorry, Ma'am. I doubt Mr. Stone will see you without an appointment," she says matter-of-factly.

"Oh, he has an appointment all right," I say almost conning her with my fake sweetness until she pulls up his schedule. "An appointment with my fists!"

I dodge past the girl and run down the hall, turning instinctively towards Mark's office when I realize I'm going the wrong way. Mark and Blake don't get along very well and have offices on opposite sides of the building. Mark's office is dim, no lights. Turning, I run right into a burly security guard. The receptionist must have called him. He reaches out to block my way.

"I need you to settle down, Ma'am." He says in a patient, professional tone.

"Blake!" I scream loud enough to wake the dead. "Blake Stone! Face me like a man and tell me to my face that I'm negligent, you slimy rat!"

"Ma'am!" the guard tries to shout over me. Clerks and administrators pour out of the offices to see the spectacle in the hallway.

"Blake Stone!"

The guard calls for backup and a second security officer walks into the hallway giving me firm and clear commands to stand down. Everyone is staring, talking, yelling, swirling around in front of me.

Then there is silence.

I hear an oily, drawling voice. "It's all right. Let her go. I'll be glad to see Miss Sharp in my office."

At the sound of Blake's voice, all the clerks scurry back to their desks and the guards back away. I'm sure he enjoys the power his position gives him. Even though he and Mark were left as partners of the firm when their father passed away, Blake has always needed the power more. He's shorter than Mark with darker hair and beady eyes that never seem to close all the way, even when he blinks. No matter what the price of his suit, he always seems ill-dressed as if his own clothes were rejecting him or embarrassed to be seen on him. He holds out a pudgy hand and motions me toward his office.

"Stay in the hall outside my door," Blake fake-whispers in a loud, breathy hiss. "I know she's clearly a bit unhinged, but I'm hopeful she's not dangerous."

I walk past him into his office. He turns to his assistant positioned right outside the door.

"Call Kenneth Allen and get him to come down. Have him wait out here with the guards. I want to make sure he has visual evidence of this visit as an officer of the court."

I enter Blake's cave-like office, so different from the other side of the hall. Mark's office is neat and tidy with an efficient business-like atmosphere. Blake's looks like a file cabinet had too much to eat and vomited folders and documents all over the room. Books half-open, a Mont Blanc fountain pen dripping ink on a financial statement, and his personal shredder overflowing with paper strips reveal the chaos he both lives in, and creates.

"Can't afford an office service?" I ask bitterly as I sit down.

"I don't like anyone in my private space," he says slowly and carefully as he slides behind his desk. His chair is lifted higher than mine-an old power trick that only fools the person who thinks it gives them power. "I also don't care for people shouting my business down the hall."

"You accused me of being negligent and incompetent. What's the matter? Don't want your lies shouted out for the world to hear?"

"Miss Sharp. I didn't accuse you of anything. Your employment was terminated via Section six, Paragraph three, Subsection C which stipulates to whit that if your property is collapsed or otherwise merged into the superstructure of the corporate entity and reasonable placement cannot be secured within the remaining capital investitures due to a superior employee occupying the position, you are not afforded continued employment in any manner, property, or franchise thereof."

"So you're not only good with double-crossing, you're good with double-talk. I don't suppose you've heard of the word 'libel' but I'm sure Kenneth will explain it to you when I take you to court."

"We actually know more about your negligence now than we did when we wrote the termination papers. So, even if you could prove libel prior to your termination, now we have all the data in the world to back up our claim. So, take us to court." Blake waves me off with a smug little smile that makes my blood boil.

"There is no negligence!" I roar at him, waiting for the guards to bust through the door at any moment. "I gave my life to that magazine. I may have neglected a lot of other things but Lynx is not one of them."

"And what do you have to show for your life's work? What stories of merit do you have pending? What investigative journalism have you done? We have looked through all your pending articles and projects and haven't really found very much Ladies World can even use. I'm just hoping Ms. James can retrain your staff to be more productive so they don't get fired too."

For a moment I am tempted to throw out the fact I'm sitting on the bombshell story of the year, but fortunately I manage to keep that part to myself. If he knew about it, he would only take it and give it to Valerie James for Ladies World and he's already taken everything else I have. Still, I can feel the heat in my face as I grip the side of the chair.

"You've got a lot of nerve to call me names, you thief. You came in and railroaded me out of my own company just for the profits." I spit the words at him. I can see the conversation isn't helping but I need some kind of resolution.

Blake stands up and walks around to the front of his desk, sitting on the corner right in front of me. He leans over close enough for me to smell the tuna he had for lunch on his breath. Speaking slowly and deliberately, he smiles at me like a crocodile.

"Well, Miss Sharp. There is one way you can keep working in your pathetic little career. You show me how workable you are willing to be, and I'll find a place for your true skills. I'm still closing Lynx but I'm sure there would be a place for someone who can do what you're good at."

"Really? How would I show you I'm workable?"

"Oh, it's quite simple," Blake drawls out his words and licks his lips salaciously. "I'll go back behind my desk and sit in my chair. You come around to the side and get down on your knees while taking off your shirt and bra freeing those magnificent br**sts of yours. Once freed, you wrap those br**sts around my c**k and let me tit-fuck you until I come all over your face. The longer you wear my cum, the more your real value will show and the longer I'll keep you on, as a company whore."

I should have stopped him when he started with that absurd lewd proposal. I should have stood up and walked out the door. I should have taken a recorder to the meeting like any first year reporter would know to do. I should have done a million things- anything-except for what I did.

My hand connected with his cheek with such force you could have heard the reverberation all the way to Times Square. Blake's head rocketed to the side, his glasses flying across the room, his arm knocking stacks of folders off his desk.

"Pig!" I shout.

Before I can release a tirade on him, his nasally voice cries out. "Guards! Guards! Get in here!"

The door bangs open and everything goes a little blurry. I hear the footsteps of men running into the room. One of them is calling on his shoulder radio for police and the other is grabbing my arms in a restraining hold I'm growing oddly familiar with. Kenneth shouts out Blake's name and Blake turns in fury with his hand on his cheek and fire in his eyes.

"You dumb cunt! I made you a damn good offer and you attack me! That was the best deal you're going to get in this town you bitch!"

"Oh my god, Blake are you okay?" Kenneth starts digging out his cell phone to record the clearly feminine handprint swelling on his cheek.

"He provoked me. He said the most horrible thing to me and I just lost it," I try to explain but in all the noise and hubbub no one can hear me.

"I offered that slap happy slut her own section to edit for Ladies World and she attacked me! She wants it all. The whole magazine!" Blake blurts out making sure everyone hears his lie over my truth. The guard pulls back on my arms harder, bowing my shoulders.

"Greedy bitch," Kenneth mutters, taking another picture.

"No... I... No! That's not what..." But, no one can hear me. The police show up and half the office is watching Blake holding his face as if he had been burned by acid while the other half is listening to his lie and glaring at me with judging eyes. I see the police officer pulling the cuffs from the pouch on his belt.

"That's not necessary, officer," I try to reason with him while Blake is still screaming and cussing. "It's nothing, really."

The cop ignores me as he takes my arms from the guard and pulls them behind my back. He locks the cuffs into place, the cold metal squeezing and pinching my wrists.

"I'm his attorney," Kenneth says to the cop. "Take her to holding and I'll come within the hour to make Mr. Stone's statement and give you information for the booking."

Pulling away from the cop, I lunge toward Mark's office, hoping he can set this right. Hoping all the "submission and trust" talk wasn't a bunch of hogwash. But as I pull away just enough to see down his side of the hallway-his door is open, his office is dark, and his desk is vacant.

When I need him the most, Mark just isn't there.

Chapter 6

By the time they get me out of the building and into the back of their squad car, I manage to walk under my own power. However, sitting back there as they drive me to the station, hot tears pour down my cheeks.

"You ever been arrested before, Miss?" the cop driving asks while looking in the rearview mirror.

"No, Officer. I shouldn't be arrested now. This is all-"

"...a big misunderstanding," the other cop adds and they both chuckle.

"No, but it's unfair. He provoked me. He assaulted me with an idea so foul I can't even think about it without wanting to vomit. He should have been arrested too."

"Did he hit you or touch you in any way?"

"No, but isn't it illegal to speak in a sexual and gross way to someone who doesn't want to hear it?"

"Lady, if it were, we'd arrest everybody on the internet!"

I turn to look out the window, trying to dry my tears on my shoulders with my hands cuffed behind me. The cop driving takes pity on me.

"Miss, if I could give you one piece of advice. You need to stop crying and clean yourself up before they put you in a holding cell. If people in there see you crying, they're going to think you're weak. You can be in holding for up to seventy-two hours. That's a long time to spend with criminals who think you're a soft piece of meat. So I know you're sad, but you need to buck up."

"I'm not sad, Officer," I say, clearly stupid enough to bite any hand that tries to feed me. "I'm angry. These are tears of anger. Haven't you ever cried when you're mad?"

"Yes, Miss, I have. So, here's what you should do. Instead of taking the Kleenex I was going to offer you when we uncuff you at the station, just ask the booking clerk for a sharpie and write, 'I'm angry' on your forehead. Because those lunk heads in holding think all tears are the same."

"I appreciate your kindness, Officer," I reply submissively. The tone of my voice reminds me instantly of how I feel when I'm giving myself to Mark. What's he going to do when he finds out about this? How will I ever face him? I just need to cut that cord and move on. He is going to be so angry and there's nothing he can do to save me now.

The booking process was fast and humiliating. The cops already had my purse from when they hauled me out in handcuffs. They checked me for any other accessories, put everything in a tagged bin, took down my name, birthdate, and address and prepared to walk me to a cell.

"Don't I get to tell you what happened?" I ask as a female officer approaches to walk me back. She looks at the form the arresting officer submitted.

"Cop says the lawyer is coming to handle that."

"But what about my side? Don't I get to tell my side?"

"Honey, this is booking. Nobody cares about your side. You get to court, you can sing your song all day-but for now, get off your ass and follow me to holding or I'll add a resistance charge so fast your head will spin."

The words coming out of her mouth, coupled with the sardonic and snide tone set me on edge once more. No one had even listened to my side since the day that Blake Stone signed my termination papers and cheated me out of my own company. That rat better not get near my side now because I'll do more than slap the smug off his putrid face.

The officer must see the fire ready to spew out of my eyes because her grip tightens but her tone changes to downright consoling. We approach two rows of cells, men on one side and women on the other, divided by open bars. Men are hanging over their side calling to the women, teasing and talking. I stall for just a second going in. Is this really happening? I am being put into a jail cell?

"How am I supposed to notify my lawyer? I haven't had a phone call."

"We need the booking statement complete before you can chat on the phone. But I wouldn't waste your time on your lawyer unless you think you're lucky. You get two minutes and if you get put on hold, too bad. Most people call family and they get the lawyer."

The pneumonic door opens with a hiss, and immediately people start shouting all at once.

"Yo, I need some food!"

"I got a cut that needs the nurse!'

"Hey, I need my phone call! My baby needs a sitter!"

"It's a mistake!"

All the desperate voices shouting make me dizzy and my heart starts pounding, pumping up the adrenaline in my system. The officer pushes me through the opening and a buzzing sound silences everyone as the doors close again.

My jaws clamp shut. My heaving breath, and my hands balled into fists must send out huge red flags. Some of the women give me a wide space to walk through and don't make eye contact.

I sit down on a bench in the corner, not even looking at my cellmates although they are slowly getting brave enough to check me out. Nods and whispers pass between the others. I don't care. I am still thinking about who to call.

Paul's a great lawyer. That means he's really busy and there's no chance I'm going to get straight through. I could call the hospital and ask them to tell Dad. But what would he do? He's on oxygen, has nothing and no way to get here. All it would do is worry him. If he lives-someday we will laugh about this together. But if he passes-I'd rather let him live his last days in peace, without knowing what a crazed loser his daughter turned out to be.

There's Greg. That would just be par for the course and ensure my humiliation is complete. I could call and say "It's your ex-fiance. You know, the woman you cheated out of her heart? Well, I've been cheated out of everything now. Could you bail me out?" No. Not Greg.

I could call Janice, and I know she would mortgage her house if she had to, but it wouldn't be fair. Besides, if Kenneth or Blake found out she helped me, she would definitely lose her job. Plus, if I haven't ruined every single thing Mark was trying to do, he might still need Janice on the inside.

Dammit. I spent so much time buried in my business; I'm so short of a social life that I don't have anyone to bail me out. What a success story I'm living. I try to recall some other friend's phone numbers but they are all in my phone, and it's locked up. This is pretty typical for my day so far-I throw a fit about a phone call, and then discover I have no one to dial.

"Hey you," a tattered woman says from the next bench. "I think I know you."

"I doubt it," I respond, trying to buff up my voice until I sound roughly like a serial killer.

"Yeah, you're that magazine woman. My daughter worked there as an intern for a summer. I saw you when I picked her up on days she was too late for the bus. You were always yelling or instructing or shit. She missed the bus a lot."

"I do edit a magazine," I lie, figuring I really don't need to give an accounting of recent history to Debbie-Down-And-Out.

"What's your name? Oh wait... I remember... Miss Shark. You're Miss Shark."

"Sharp."

"Oh. Well, Miss Shark, you'll be happy to know my girl has done good. She is writing on the internet and making good money."

I smile and nod. Good to know something I did in life was worthwhile, before I hang myself in my jail cell.

The door hisses again and I hear a shrill, strong voice over the din.

"SHARP, Julia Sharp!"

I stand and push my way to the door. The officer pulls me by the arm and waits for the buzzer to end before she speaks.

"The complaint is filed. You can make your call now." She walks me to a room near the holding cell where there is a phone book, a desk and a highlighter with some paper. Guess they don't want anyone jabbing them with a pen. The guard points at the push-button phone as if I'm some kind of time traveler who doesn't understand what to do with the archaic device.

Slowly, hands shaking and heart hurting, I pick up the receiver and place my call.

One ring, two rings, three rings... and...

"Hello?"

I thank God for at least one favor today.

"Mark, it's Julia. I need you."

Chapter 7

Our conversation is short, terse and one sided. I tell him where I am and he says he already heard about it. I ask him to call Paul and he replies, "I'll handle it." Then he hangs up even before my two minutes are up.

Returning to my cell, I begin to drag my feet a bit, dreading going back in there. I pray Mark will be fast because the anger that was keeping me safe is dissipating into a numb acceptance of my reality. I can't afford to leave myself unprotected. Just as I near the area, I hear the woman who had been talking to me speak to a guy on the other side of the bars.

"That Miss Shark, my daughter said she's one stone cold bitch."

Hours pass as I sit in my corner frowning, listening to the chattering of others and cries for help every time someone is ushered in or out. I move over near the door and the next time the guard brings someone down, I manage to call out with all the others asking if Paul Freis has arrived. She takes pity on me and speaks into her radio as a mix of jumbles and static pour through the speaker.

"Sharp, your bail is going through now. Your bondsman is here to get you."

"Oh, you mean Mr. Freis, my lawyer?"

"No, I mean Mr. Clank your bondsman."

"Mr. Clank?"

"You know-from Clank and Clack Bail Bonds-those guys with the stupid commercials where people bang on the cell bars in rhythm. Don't pretend to be high and mighty with me, girl. You ain't got a guy like Paul Freis in your corner. But that rich bitch thing is sure looking good on you."

I think for a second about arguing, then retreat. She's more right than she knows. I won't be able to afford Paul much longer. Clank and Clack are nothing but two-bit ambulance chasers. Why on earth would Paul use them to get me?

A few minutes later a guard takes me back up to the station house where a short balding man fidgeting with his hands in his pockets awaits me. I ask why he is the one bailing me out and he motions to me to be quiet and follow him out of the station.

"I'm not going anywhere until you tell me what's going on, Mr. Klink!"

"It's Clank. Robert Clank, Miss Sharp. Please follow me and keep your voice down." He takes me in an elevator to the 3rd floor of the parking garage where a black car waits. Suddenly my head fills with fear and crazy thoughts. Maybe Blake has hired the mob to make me disappear or Kenneth has paid Paul to cause me more trouble, or Valerie James is going to pop out of the back and take my picture to be her cover for Ladies World. I can see the story now: "High Strung Editor Finally Snaps!"

Just as I am about to turn and run, the door to the vehicle opens and out steps Mark.

I can't restrain myself. I run to him and cling to him for a moment, wanting him to carry me away from this horrible place. He lets me hug him for a few seconds then pushes me off brusquely.

"Get a hold of yourself and get in the car now."

I do as I am told, grateful that at least he's here. Mark speaks to the diminutive, rumpled man who brought me to him.

"Thank you, Robert. I appreciate your help and your silence."

"Not a problem, Mr. Stone," he says as if speaking to royalty. "Good luck with her."

Mark gets in the car and starts the engine. I don't know whether I want to blast him for not being there when I needed him or burst out in tears over the whole sordid day. We ride in silence for a while but I can see by the prominent bone in his jaw-line from gritting his teeth that he is furious.

"Mark, I-"

"Shhh. No talking until we get to my place."

Shuffling my shoes against the floor mat, I look down and try to imagine what exactly I am going to tell him that will make this day turn out right. When he pulls the car into the underground parking deck, I'm relieved to have a moment of darkness I can hide in while I try to collect myself and get my hair straightened out a bit. It's ridiculous. He just bailed me out of jail, and I'm hoping he finds me attractive.

We walk quickly through the garage and into an elevator where Mark pushes the lobby button. Once there, we leave the lobby and go to a hall full of private elevators. We enter and he puts a key in the elevator making the small box move upward. Trapped in close quarters, I smell the masculine cologne he wears and feel the safe confidence he exudes. However, the small space also reminds me of how I ended up in jail in the first place.

Where has he been the past few days? Why wasn't he there today? Why did he take so long to get me after I called? He's Blake's brother and his partner. Isn't it just a little convenient he wasn't there when it went down? Are they playing good cop, bad cop with me? What do they hope to get?

The shiny metal door opens to a panoramic view of his Upper West Side apartment. It's beautiful, like the man himself. Done in monochromatic black and eggshell with silver highlights, everything is perfect, orderly and gleaming. A briefcase on a small stand beside a recliner in a study is the only evidence of an occupant. However, for all its linear charm, it's not cold at all. It has the comforting warmth of embers in a fire, just enough light and heat, shining out in the darkness. A fully stocked bar with crystal carafes and sharp cut Waterford glassware.

Upper West Side, nice. I look around the spotless expansive apartment with silver Nambe sculptures and art from Paul Klee and Lyonel Feininger. I should stick with him, this life would be sweet.

I immediately chide myself. Where did that come from? I was raised to make my own way and given a liberal education that impressed on me that women weren't required to have a man to be successful. In fact, that was one of the problems with Greg. My constant drive to succeed made him turn to some down-and-out floozy to make himself feel better. Okay, so down and out is a little strong-an opera mezzo at the start of her career. But still, he was paying her bills, and with my money.

In fact, my eyes narrow as I look around, if Mark and Blake hadn't stolen my company and totally f**ked up my life, I could afford to live on the Upper West Side too. Well, maybe Upper East. Or Tribeca.

"What the hell kind of game are you playing?" I spit out at Mark, unable to hold my tongue any longer.

"Seems like you're the one rolling the dice these days, not me."

"Oh yes, you were conveniently out when Blake was spewing filth out of his mouth. You have been purposefully absent for the last three days and when I finally take the matter into my own hands, you aren't around to help me, save me or bail me out in a decent amount of time."

I fight like an old harpy fishwife, standing in the center of the room blurting out accusations while he quietly makes a drink at the bar.

"I'd ask what you were thinking but you clearly weren't thinking," he says sharply.

"What do you know about it, 'Mr. Show Up When it's All Over'? You're too busy to help, even though you promised."

"I have been busy doing just that, helping you. But how am I supposed to keep a secret plan in motion when you are running around like a banshee? Imagine how I feel. I was out today digging up useful information and I return to the office to discover everyone gossiping, Blake shrieking, Kenneth plotting, and cops all over taking statements and I find out it's because Julia Sharp has attacked my partner."

"I didn't attack him."

"The red handprint I saw on Blake's cheek would suggest otherwise," he says. "Why don't you tell me what happened and we'll regroup from there."

Mark guides me to the couch and sits a vodka tonic down in front of me. I start slowly, holding the heavy glass with both hands.

"Mark, I felt like I was running out of time, you had disappeared and I needed to get something done."

Mark watched me, silent. I take a sip of the drink in my hands and launch into my side of the story, starting with the office visit. When I get to the part where Blake was proposing to use my body as his sex toy, I see Mark wince for a moment.

"Well, I'm sure Blake would love to do that. He loves demeaning women as a form of pleasure in return for favors. You could have struck some kind of deal with him if you let him do it. That's the way his impulses work."

Mark seemingly justifying his brother's actions is like a matador holding up the red flag to draw the bull.

"So, that's what this is all about isn't it? You offer to help me but I have to f**k you. Blake wants to help but I have to f**k him. Welcome to Sandstone Ventures where we f**k your business then we f**k you too! Do I have to f**k Kenneth Allen too? How about your receptionist? Do I need to eat her out before she'll put my calls through?"

"Julia, that's not what I'm saying," Mark tries to be rational but I'm past that. "I'm just saying I believe you-Blake's like that. It was wrong, horribly wrong."

"Are you really a venture capitalist, or just a highly compensated pimp? How many, Mark? How many people do I have to f**k to get my job back?"

The look on his face changes from quiet strong mentor to sad lost love almost instantly. I can see he doesn't like being compared to Blake. Who would? I can also see he's deeply hurt by the idea he set this up. The dear man, who is nothing like the sleazy degenerate who is holding my company hostage, has probably been at lawyers and accountants and everywhere looking for a loop hole.

"You can back out of our deal any time you want," he says, his voice barely a whisper.

I grow ashamed of the accusation I hurled at Mark. The lady in the jail was right. I can be a stone cold bitch. Sorry for the pain I've caused him, I reach out and touch his hand.

"I didn't mean all that. It's just been a rough day."

"Trust means you follow my lead. Trust means you listen to my advice. Trust means you get rid of the theatrics and wait for my call. You're strong enough to spew fire and brimstone, but are you strong enough to contain it? To control yourself?"

"I understand, Mark, I really do."

"You do?" He asks. "Let's see."

Rising from the couch, he offers me his arm and as I rise he pushes me with all his body weight up against the wall. It happens so fast I really don't know what's going on until my back hits the wall with a thud. Grabbing my hair and pulling my head up, he kisses me roughly. I feel my lips and body respond to his strong touch. His hand goes down between my legs, roughly pressing against me. I hear his zipper go down as his body holds me against the wall. Breathless, I open my stance, hoping to show him my regret about today and my willingness to follow.

"Do you trust me?" Mark asks as he reaches down grabbing one of my thighs. He lifts my leg and wraps it around his body, drawing me closer to him. He kisses me deeply, his tongue enjoying my mouth as his hand readies me.

"Yes," I whisper as he pulls his lips away. I want him to never let me go.

I feel his c**k parting my nether lips finding its way into my wet darkness. I gasp at his slightly awkward entry, and then my body floods his member with my juices, inviting him in deeper. His hands wrap around me, holding me up.

"Lift your other leg," he commands, pulling my body up and bracing it against the wall as he begins pumping into me. I do what he says quickly-instinctively-without any worry of being dropped. I know he will hold me up. I need him to hold me up. The small thrusts he began with get deeper as he pushes into me harder and harder. It's the first time I've really seen his face, intense and strong as he plunders my body for his pleasure.

Weightless, I am floating on air, the only sensation I feel is the friction as he pumps me again and again. I wrap my arms around him, clinging to him. This is everything I need, and all I desire. I'm filled and fulfilled. The depth of his c**k and the bracing of the wall behind me ground me to him. I feel the tingling growing inside me as my muscles tighten around his member. His thrusts become more like sharp quick jabs as I feel him swelling within me, his breath coming out in short hot bursts.

"Ohhh," I gasp as my body releases, convulsing in his strong arms. It's a slow deep orgasm that rocks me all the way to my toes. The sounds of my passion and clamping of my pu**y encourages him to pound me harder, his c**k driving itself into me as my shoulders knock against the back wall. He lets out a rough growl as he explodes deep inside my body.

After he withdraws, I drop one leg on the ground and he holds me until I let the other down. Slowly, he turns and gives me a moment to get myself together as he walks to the couch and gets a blanket. Mark gently wraps it around my shoulders. Still shaken by the depth and power of the moment, I can barely walk, but he guides me to the couch.

"I do trust you," I say softly.

"Good," he says, twirling my hair in his fingers.

"But, Clank and Clack?" I ask.

"I couldn't take the risk Blake or Kenneth would know I helped you. We have to keep it a secret. For your safety, and for my plan to work. Besides, Robert is a good man and friend. If you're going to run around assaulting people, you should probably get to know him."

I nestle against him satisfied with the explanation. He's so different, after sex-so loving and nurturing. Tiger, then tabby.

Chapter 8

Sitting at a sidewalk cafe in the East Village, I squint against the sun and discover I'm staring right at Janice even though I barely recognize her. My normally neat and professionally dressed friend is wearing old jeans with an oil stain on one leg, a football sweatshirt, floppy hat, and sunglasses. She makes an effort to look up and down the street then slides into the seat across from me.

"You couldn't pick an inside place?" she whispers. "Why didn't you wear something unusual? You look just like you always do. They can spot you a mile away!"

"Oh, I don't know Janice. Maybe I thought looking like a drug dealer or international terrorist would attract more attention than it would repel," I reply with a sarcastic smile. "Are those even your jeans?"

"They are my sister's. You don't understand, Julia. You don't know what it's like there. They keep your office door closed and locked unless Kenneth All-Slime is there poking around. They changed the password to your computer and put in a privacy program to protect it on the network. Then they made everyone change their own password. John Kellen thinks they are using some kind of tracking software to read everyone's new password as it was put in."

"Jeez Janice, what's next? Kenneth is going to peel off his face like they do in Mission Impossible and turn out to be Cameron Diaz?"

"Ha ha, very funny. I'm glad you've kept your sense of humor. It must be nice to be you. I have two ulcers and an eye twitch." Janice pretends to be teasing but I can see she's really under a lot of pressure.

"Yep. It's great to be me. I've lost my job, my magazine, my life work, been escorted by security guards not once-but twice, had two conversations with the cancer treatment center about how I'm going to pay for my Dad's experimental treatment which may or may not be working, been arrested for assault, and been notified my lawyer's retainer runs out at the end of the month. My life is just peachy keen!" I respond.

I nearly blurted out "became a sexual slave" in the laundry list, but didn't. I trust Janice, but I don't think Mark would enjoy that part of the deal becoming public, and I'm not sure how she'd react. I don't know what I think about giving myself sexually in exchange for help, let alone what she might think. Plus, there's no way I could describe the incredible pleasure his rough thrusts have been providing me.

"I know. I'm sorry. I guess I'm just tense. The whole office is abuzz at you punching Blake the Snake right in the eye. How is your lawyer doing? Have you found a way back?"

"I'm working on a plan. I can't tell you anything about it, but I may call on you and need your help," I reply, adding a hint of mystery. It works for Mark, maybe it will work for me. "And, for the record, I slapped Blake's face. Although I'm sure by the time it gets to court, I will have crippled him."

"You know, there are some things I could do. Kenneth is asking me to run the office when he isn't there interrogating people or searching through things. I could find a way to jam the copier, stall contracts and slow things down further, trip the breaker and shut the system down claiming brownouts. Heck, no one at the office does anything real at work anymore. They keep their real writing at home."

"Thanks for the thought, but I don't think that's the best idea." I'm a little taken back by Janice's offer. She's as meek as a mouse and once cried when she got a warning for speeding because it was her first ticket and she didn't like the fact she broke a law. Now she's willing to sabotage the system for me? It must be terrible there.

"I'm serious, Julia. If you need a ghost in the machine, you can count on me. In fact, the whole office is behind you. No one quit because they keep thinking you're going to come back. But, I've heard a lot of people say they'd rather become internet bloggers than work for that hack Valerie James."

"Janice, when you said, 'when Kenneth is not interrogating people' what did you mean?"

"Well," she leans over and whispers louder, only drawing more attention to us. "Kenneth calls them interviews and says he and Blake are just trying to get an idea what everyone's talents and projects are but it's clear they are looking for something. They keep asking people what they've written about, what they are working on now, and if you assigned them anything that isn't in the system. Everyone is stonewalling them."

"Have they found anything?"

"No, and they're pissed. At one point Blake shouted loud enough for everyone to hear, 'I am truly amazed you people have an award winning magazine when none of you seem to be working on anything interesting!' People just laughed at him, and he slammed the door and started poring through your files again."

"What are they looking for? Did they mention the Wall Street piece by name?"

"No," Janice squints when I say the words out loud. "But I think they know something about it. They were asking if anyone had done a 'political or financial' piece. And they requested all your payouts, personnel files, and have been going over your source lists. The first thing they did was block my access to accounting, but they keep asking questions about money."

"Is the Wall Street piece still secure?"

"They will never find it."

"Is the source secure?"

"She's out of reach and out of touch. She's safe."

"As long as we keep it that way we are okay. Listen Janice, one more thing," I try to find a non-suspicious way to clue her into Mark's presence on my side of the war. "You know Mark Stone, Blake's brother? He's the Co-president."

"Yes, he used to handle our account until he bailed like a cheap rat fleeing a sinking ship. Loser."

"Well, he's a friend of mine. No one can know that. He's been helping me try to get back in. I can't tell you anything now, but someday he may call you and ask you to do something-I don't know what-but I want you to do what he says if he calls."

"He's a 'Hi, how ya doin?' friend or a 'Let me make you some eggs for breakfast' kind of friend?" Janice raises her eyebrows with a side smile.

"He's just a friend. For now." How could I possibly explain he's my friend who routinely bends me over desks and cars, enters my body with a thrusting force that makes me wet every time I think about it, f**ks me like I'm a whore then holds me like I'm a precious egg? I don't even understand it; there's no way on earth she would.

"Do you trust him, Julia?"

The moment she asks me, the last few weeks pass before my eyes. I see my anger at him for handing off our file to Blake, and my desire when he took me that first time, his frustrating absence that made me do something stupid, and his caresses on the couch after he bailed me out. I see myself embracing his c**k in my desiring wet mouth as he told me he had a plan, and I see that text-that damn text message-saying 'Do not trust him.' I saw it all and I had to make a decision.

"Yes," I tell her, wanting to believe it myself. "Yes, I trust him."

Chapter 9

Tom Petty was wrong. The waiting isn't the hardest part-the boredom is. I spend my time hanging around my apartment waiting for something to do. Half the time, I feel like Mark is stringing me along and I want to run out and do something, anything, to get my magazine back. Then I remember what happened the last time I went running out with a head full of steam. The other half of the time I find myself reflecting on the different ways Mark has used my body, and reliving the pleasure of it all. At all times, I'm waiting for the phone to ring. But when it finally does, I almost miss it.

After carrying my silent electronic leash around with me all day, the one time I set my phone on the table and go to the bathroom, it rings. Panicked, I nearly fall off the toilet seat, and end up jogging to the phone with my pants around my ankles and my underpants at my knees. Standing in the kitchen, I find it an appropriate way to look when I realize it's Mark on the line.

"Come to me," he says, his voice causing my clit to swell and tingle.

"Excuse me? Mark? What did you just say?" I ask just to be sure I'm not hallucinating this whole event. I hear his heavy sigh, and realize that's the sound he makes when I disappoint him.

"When I want you, I will tell you to come," he explains slowly. "But, we'll have to work on that. In the meantime, I need you to come to my apartment. I haven't found anything definitive on Blake yet, but I have some promising leads, I think."

"Really? What? Did he fire me without cause? Did he take out a loan on the magazine's assets without approval? Tell me!" I'm so excited to hear there may be a weak link in Blake's carefully planned coup.

"Not on the phone, Julia," Mark replies in a tone meant to show me exactly how dumb I can be sometimes. "Come to me."

"What's the address?" I ask, realizing I have no idea exactly where his building is and only a vague memory of how I got there the first time.

"You were here before," he responds with another sigh. "255 West 94th Street, 27th Floor. Don't park here. Blake doesn't live in the city, but Kenneth is only a few blocks away and Valerie lives in Central Park West. Park at the public on 96th and Broadway. Walk over to my building, go to the service elevator and tell the bellhop your name is Lucy Conway. He will send you to me."

The words Blake used still sting me and I find myself rebelling against his directions and fake name, "Lucy Conway? Who's she? Your current company whore?"

Mark kept the edge in his voice to let me know he was displeased, but answered patiently and clearly. "No, we don't have one of those. Lucy Conway was my former cleaning lady who quit when she got married several years ago. I never took her name off my visitor list, so you can use it without raising suspicion."

"Oh, so I'm coming over to clean your apartment?" I snap, my voice dripping with sarcasm.

"Oh, sweetie," Mark replies giving me a deep-voiced chuckle that sends chills up my spine. "You're going to do so much more than that."

His plan works perfectly. The bellman doesn't even look twice at me. He just checks his list, puts me in the elevator and sends me up. My hands shake with anticipation of seeing Mark again and hopefully getting another look at his beautiful place. I am so excited I nearly fall out of the elevator when the doors open.

"Easy now, Lucy," Mark says with a smile. His earlier edge seems to have been replaced with confident cheer. Some light jazz is playing in the background and he hands me a wine glass full of something white. I don't bother to ask what it is-I just take it and drink. That makes him smile and nod. "Everything okay getting here?"

"Yes. I was worried I was overdressed. You know-for a poor housemaid."

"Clearly." Mark laughs. "You've never had to pay for a cleaning service. There's nothing poor about it!"

"So, what is there to tell me?" I'm so ready to hear good news. All the way over I tried to imagine what Mark was going to say and prepared for it to give me a good night's sleep for a change.

"I do have something important to tell you. It's something that has the potential to give you back your magazine or cost me my company. It's not a game, and it's not something we can handle without discipline and planning. So if I'm going to tell you, you cannot go start World War Three in our employee lounge. If I tell you, I need to trust you. And, to trust you-I need you to trust me."

"I do trust you, Mark," I say, looking directly in his eyes. "I made some mistakes and I'm sorry but I do trust you."

Mark looks at me for a second, as if he is trying to read my thoughts. He smiles politely, stands up and looks me over from top to bottom.

"You were right before," he says, holding his hand out to me.

"Before?"

"You are clearly overdressed." He takes my hand and walks me out of the living room into a spare bedroom. It's nice with fancy bed-coverings, beautiful headboard, and lovely armoire. Beautiful, but clearly not his bedroom. "Take off all your clothes, fold them neatly, and place them in the chair. Sit on the edge of this bed and I'll be back in a moment."

"What are we doing?" I ask hesitantly. What could he possibly have to tell me that requires nudity?

"Trusting," he replies with a smile and takes our empty glasses out of the room. After he leaves, I disrobe in a hurry and follow his instructions to the letter.

Butterflies fill my stomach as I sit here. However, unlike the unpleasant nervousness of the unknown, this feeling is something I can only describe as delicious. Excitement combined with fear and the desire to please him all combine to create an energy that is irresistible.

As Mark walks into the room, his easy smile lets me know I've pleased him. At least so far.

"Good, good girl," he soothes as he reaches out running his finger down my cheek and then kisses me deeply. I thrill at the touch of his lips on mine. He reaches to his back pocket and pulls out a long, thick silk scarf. Getting very close to my face, Mark looks me in the eye.

"I want you to focus on my smile," he says as he begins unfolding the long scarf and twisting it between his hands. "It will be the last thing that you see, for a while. Remember it."

My heart is beating so fast I feel like I'm going to pass out. I look at his gorgeous face reassuring me that everything will be alright. I smile back, wanting his lips against mine again. Then the world goes black as he places the scarf across my eyes. It's thick enough to keep all light out and it offers not even a corner for me to cheat with. I keep focusing on his smile and the feeling of his closeness to my body.

I feel the rough tip of his finger slide down my cheek, pausing over my nipple and circling it, sending an electric current straight to my brain and lower regions. His hands guide me back until I'm reclining against the headboard propped up by pillows. I feel his weight shift as he gets off the bed.

"Don't move, don't speak," Mark whispers. I obey. His absence from the room gives me a few moments to reflect on this sensation. Not the sensation of being blindfolded, but the sensation of submission. I've been the strong one all my life and Dad always taught me the value of self reliance. Yet, giving myself to him in these moments of intimate trust is a feeling unlike anything the pride of standing on my own could produce.

I hear a bowl clink on the bedside table and some other sounds, but can't make them out. Surely he must know of my excitement, I feel the goose bumps on my arms rising. His large hand holds my chin up and the air is filling with the smell of a cut orange. Sweet and ripe, my mouth waters for the taste of it. I open up instinctively and he squeezes some juice for me to taste. He leans into my ear again. My eyes blind, the energy of his presence is overwhelming.

"You know how you wanted that orange? Mouth open begging for the taste of it? That's how you should receive my kiss, open and ready for it."

I nod, feeling the desire for him to be in me growing stronger, my wetness building and my mouth feeling empty without something in it. Then as he shifts again I hear the bowl clink and the sound of his teeth biting something with a distinct crunch. He waves the object under my nose and my eyes begin to water at the bitter acrid smell.

"Habanero pepper," he says. I keep remembering his smile and focusing on that, praying he doesn't expect me to take that into my mouth. I never could handle the hot stuff. But he doesn't. His finger traces its way down my nipple again, still erect from his former touch. He circles it once, and then rubs the pepper around my areola in circles. The heat of the pepper creates a fast and stinging sensation. By the time he is coating my other nipple in the juice of the pepper I am squirming desperately.

I whimper and begin to fidget as the burn increases. My inclination is to pull off the blindfold, push him away and get water, milk, honey, anything to take the rising burn off my chest. But I don't. I sit on my hands to keep them from moving. I swallow deeply, the pain increasing with the heat.

I hear a glass chime against the dresser then feel an amazing cooling sensation as Mark leans over taking my nipple into his mouth, rolling it around with something cold he took in. Maybe water? Or is it milk? The soothing liquid combined with the sensation of his rough tongue on my raw ni**les elates me. I start twitching and trying to get him to notice the other nipple is still on fire. Again, he takes a drink and washes my breast in kisses and tongue laps at my ni**les, coating in something soothing. When the pain is gone and I'm breathing normally, he whispers to me once more.

"Feel that heat? That's the way I want you to feel when I touch you."

His hand travels down, toying with my belly button then rubbing the top of my mound. The fear of the pepper inside me terrifies me but I have to trust he will not harm me. His touch is comforting and yet inciting me to ache and tingle for him all the more. I move my hips slightly, praying he doesn't consider me to be violating his instruction. It's a risk. I don't want to do anything to stop this feeling.

He leans down, his tongue sliding across the top of my vaginal lips. The sensation charges my entire being with desire. Although the pepper juice has been neutralized, the burning need of my br**sts continues. I want to move my arms so badly-to reach out and embrace him as his tongue dodges in and out of my pu**y, teasing and drowning me in my own juices. He pulls away and I want to scream. But I don't. I don't move at all. I must obey.

I sigh loudly enough for him to hear my longing for his body. His hand rubs my mound, spreading my legs wider. I feel his finger dive in for a moment and then withdraw, leaving me achingly empty. I start to move back and forth, seeking out his finger. Soon I am out of control, humping his hand with tears of need and frustration soaking the blindfold.

I push my hips against the dry air, biting my lip and gasping. The longer my pu**y is empty the greater my need grows. I hear a plastic cap open, and then his fingers, coated in some heavenly oil or lube or something, slide into me, filling my need completely. I slam my body down on his hand over and over trying to ease the need created inside me. It's only after some time that I realize I've been humping Mark's hand like a mad woman. I blush under my blindfold.

"Feel that need? That's the way your pu**y should need my cock," he says his voice strained with passion of his own.

"It does," I gasp. Realizing I spoke out of turn, I am terrified he will withdraw from me for doing it. I feel the pressure of his hand, his fingers still wet from my juices pushing me all the way down on my back, as he pulls on my legs, adjusting me perfectly in place. I breathe deeply, in part due to the effort I put into indulging my relief on his fingers, and in part due to the thrill of the promise of him inside me.

I feel his c**k hovering over my lower lips as he suspends himself on strong arms. It moves over me back and forth, barely parting me. I keep lifting myself up to him, wanting him, inviting him, needing him until new tears fall beneath the eye covering.

After what seems like an eternity of his teasing, he enters me. The darkness only heightens the pleasure. Not being able to see him, or know what's coming next, existing on feelings alone-all of this is amplified by my loss of vision. The head of his shaft sits in my opening almost hesitantly, then without warning he pushes all the way into me, spearing me.

"Oh!" I gasp then bite my lower lip. The fast entry is followed by equally fast and hard thrusts, rocking me and pushing my body forward. I reach out slowly with my hands, waiting to see if his voice will command me to stop. It doesn't, and I wrap my arms around his ass, pulling him as deep as I can, wanting him farther and farther in me. But instead of following my grasping, Mark changes pace, slowing down and moving in long strokes.

A master of control, he changes everything right as I am building to an unforgettable climax and keeps me hovering in frustrated glee at the top of that clinching feeling. A sharp pain shoots through my breast and I realized he has leaned over and taken my nipple in his mouth, sucking fast and hard, sending me into a bucking frenzy underneath him. I pump my hips faster and faster on his c**k trying to increase his speed. Finally, as I am about to break, he releases my nipple and pushes me hard against the bed.

Jamming his shaft back into my pu**y at full speed, he rams me, harder and harder until I am nothing but a receptacle of his power. I can't hold on any longer. Letting go of his amazing body, I grip the bed spread and buck wildly underneath him. As I am riding the waves of pleasure, I hear him growl like a wild wolf finishing his prey and his cum releases into my raw swollen channel.

He collapses beside me and starts laughing loudly. Cradling my head against his chest he covers my face with soft kisses. Gently, he removes the blindfold and looks into my eyes; evidence of my tears still fill the corners.

"Mark," I start to say something but I'm too weak, too spent to do anything but nestle on him and feel the reassuring warmth of his body.

"Shhhhh," he nurtures me. "You did well, Julia. You did so very well."

It's the last thing I hear before blissful sleep takes over.

~~~

The smell of lemon pepper awakens me from my slumber. For a moment I think I'm still in the blindfold and he's holding a lemon, but I realize I can see. Reaching out for Mark, I'm disappointed to find I'm still on top of the bed naked, and incredibly sore, but he is nowhere near. The nightstand has been cleaned and the door to the connected bathroom has been left open with the light on. It's still evening outside, but it feels like I've slept for days.

Swinging my legs off the bed, I ache from my midsection all the way up my spine. But it's a good ache. I smile as I hobble to the bathroom and fix myself up, putting on my clothes and using the new brushes, combs and face cloths available. Reset and a little rested, I make my way through the cavernous apartment following the delicious smell until I arrive in Mark's kitchen.

"Handsome, sexy and he can cook. Forget Bruce Wayne. You're the most eligible bachelor in New York."

"Yes, but Bruce does have a nicer car, and a cool butler," Mark smiles in a self-deprecating way that is nothing short of adorable. I want to run and hug him right now, but I'm not sure of all the rules of this "submission" and decide to wait for him. He just keeps turning the salmon on the grill and tossing the salad.

"Thank you for the well-stocked powder room, by the way," I say coyly. "You might not have a cool butler but some lady takes care of your bedroom quite well."

"Wrong on both counts, my dear. You should stick to editing. Intuition and investigation clearly don't suit you."

"Oh really?"

"Since Lucy Conway got married, I contracted a wonderful 'gentleman's gentleman' to do the cleaning and that is not my bedroom. That's my playroom."

"Well I must say, Mr. Stone, I do enjoy the game." I give him the most dazzling flirtatious grin I have and it works. He looks up from the grill and winks at me then walks over to give me a kiss.

"Salmon and salad in fifteen. Would you like more of the Riesling or want to switch to something different?"

"You choose," I say with open arms and an open heart. I can tell by his body language he likes that answer a lot.

We sit down to dinner at a small table in the kitchenette, although I can see a much larger ornate dining room through another door. The food is delicious and the company charming. For a few moments, I almost forget what I'm doing here in the first place.

"Where did you learn to cook like this?" I ask hoping he doesn't find that too intrusive.

"My mom, actually. As you've previously pointed out, I am the second son. So Dad spent most of his time focusing on Blake, and mom spent her time with me. She taught me how to cook, sew, read poetry and listen. While my father taught my brother how to rule the world, mom taught me how to thrive in it. I think I turned out the better man."

"On that point, Mr. Stone," I raise my glass in a mock toast, "I absolutely agree. Speaking of which, what was it you needed to tell me?"

Mark takes a deep breath and both of us know that question has changed the entire night. I regret asking it, and yet I need to know.

"Venture capital is a risky business. I know you think all of this was handed to me on a silver platter with a love note from my parents, but the truth is my father left us a company and not much else. The money I have is the money I've made. Some of it comes from Sandstone Ventures and the rest comes from investments and personal ventures. But, it's important to know that my father left us with some very sketchy accounts and we've both worked our way to where we are."

"Okay, so you and Blake aren't trust fund babies. Your point being?" I want to kick myself for being so forward but Mark wants to stroll down memory lane and I simply want to know how I'm getting Lynx back.

"We both went to NYU. We both studied business and finance. Blake was two years ahead of me, so I had the advantage of seeing a lot his books and coursework for classes I ended up taking later. We weren't any closer then than we are now, but we pretended better and helped each other more. One day a professor asked to see me after class. When I got to his office, he told me I needed to do better and he was surprised I was so much worse than Blake.

"I asked him from clarification. I mean, Blake is not an academic or even a good spreadsheet reader. But, he sure knows his way around the fine print. Anyway, he pulled out a paper Blake had turned in years before and showed it to me because he had been using it as a class model. Blake didn't write that paper. He cheated. I found out later he had paid someone to write most of his work. So, he got better grades than I did-which made my father trust Blake with a larger share of the company, even though we are both co-presidents. But, I just bit my tongue. Because I knew he cheated, and I knew someday the company would be rightfully mine."

At this point we had finished with dinner and he walked me over to the couch, refreshing our drinks. I want to speed him up but can't find the words to ask him to get to the point of this story. I try to prod him along.

"So, what you've discovered to help my case is that Blake has always been a lying dickhead?"

"No, Julia," Mark says with a heavy voice. "I discovered Blake is cheating again. Only this time the stakes are much higher for everyone."

"Cheating? What do you mean?"

"I'm doing pretty well," Mark said as he gestured around the lush apartment. "But most of the money I've made happened before the economy melted down. I've managed to put some of Sandstone Ventures money into good projects, and I've kept my investments in low risk stocks until we rebound so I didn't lose much. But I haven't made a fortune these last four years-particularly the last two. No one has. Well, no one except one person."

"Who?"

"Blake. He has increased his tax margin, added a new boathouse to his upstate property and rented an apartment near the park for 'over-nights' when he claims he is stuck in the city. He purchased a bunch of high risk stocks and is making big bets on odd things. He's flush with cash and playing high stakes at a time when the rest of us are holding our cards tight."

"So you think Blake is involved in investment fraud?"

"I think Blake is embezzling money from Sandstone Ventures and taking funds from the base accounts we use for acquisitions and mergers. It's the money we're supposed to use to make money. I think he is gutting our company, and what's worse, I suspect he is using Lynx to do it."

"What? Lynx? My Lynx?" I see red the minute Mark suggests it. "He's using my magazine to f**k his own company over and fired me to do it?"

"It appears there's some connection between Lynx and the base accounts at Sandstone. I'm not sure what it is yet. I need to do more research and I need some information from the inside. Not just inside Lynx, but inside my own company as well."

"It's your company, Mark. How hard can that be?"

"Plenty. Kenneth Allen is into this up to his neck too and I suspect there is a third party involved although I'm not willing to disclose that at this time. So any searching I do needs to be discrete and that takes time. I'm going to need someone at Lynx to do some digging for me."

"What are you talking about? We don't need any time. We need to go to the police. Tonight. Blake can be arrested by tomorrow and I'll be back in my office by the beginning of next week." I stand up from the couch and walk to the kitchen counter to set my wine glass and grab my purse. Mark just stares at me like I've lost my mind.

"Julia, sit back down."

"No! I will not sit down. This is it, Mark! This is what we've waited for. Blake is breaking the law and that's a matter for the police. Let's just file charges and get this ball rolling. We don't need to do all this sneaking around. Get the cops involved and let's get it on the road."

"It's not possible. We do need to do the sneaking around and we do need to protect both companies while we're doing it."

"Look. You're an investor. I'm an editor. Neither one of us are equipped for this kind of thing." I try to use my best rational argument but I'm also so buzzed by the idea of seeing that f**ker put in cuffs for screwing up my company I can't sit still. "Cops are trained to do this stuff. So you do the investing, I'll do the editing and we will let the cops do the copping!"

I turn into a hot-headed manic bulldozer. I'm pacing around his apartment trying to figure out which police station we need to go to, rambling at about ninety miles an hour about all the ways Blake can get arrested and everything we need to do. Suddenly Mark stands up.

"Julia, stop!"

"What?"

"Just stop. Sit down."

"I'm too excited to sit down, Mark. Let's go now!"

Mark's voice takes on the same tone he saves for the moments he is instructing me sexually-clear, severe and commanding.

"I said sit down."

I plop on the couch with a thud, the memory of his strong passion aching in my womb.

"Look," he says as he takes a turn pacing around. "First, I don't have any evidence Blake is cheating, just a gut feeling and some unusual accounting. Second, I don't have anything tying Blake's ill-gotten income to Lynx. Because he had to have gotten to that money before he fired you, there's too much for it to have happened since you were let go. But I don't know how he's using Lynx. I just know he must be. Third, no evidence and no explanation means no arrest, and it will tip our hand to him that we are on to it. So, no police."

"But they can investigate and figure out what you don't know which frankly, is a lot."

Mark gives me a thin-lipped grin through the comment as if he is enduring my scrutiny purely for altruistic reasons and he could turn me over and out at any time.

"You have twenty-four days left for the rejoinder. Do you know how long an investigation into financial crimes takes? Two to three years."

"Then why did you bother telling me this if it won't help?" I hope that doesn't sound like mistrust, but I'm so frustrated to think that that ass**le is using my Lynx to make himself richer.

"Because I'm going to need your help getting inside and knowing what to look for, and I'm going to need you to trust me while I investigate this myself and get the proof that will help us walk Blake straight to his jail cell. I'd also like to not have to bail you out any more."

"Okay," I say as he sits next to me on the couch. I look into his beautiful dark eyes and want to melt into him again. "My assistant Janice is also my best friend. She's still working there, and get this-she told me that Blake and Kenneth locked her out of all the financial systems. She says they're pawing around my office pretending to look for resources for Valerie James from Ladies World. But they're probably moving the money."

"Moving it or hiding how they've been moving it," Mark catches on. "Do you have a way of contacting Janice no matter what?"

"Yes, why?"

"Because I have some ideas about how we can find out. But, once this goes down, your friend Janice isn't going to be safe anymore."

"It's a risk she's willing to take," I reply earnestly. I know Janice has my back.

"What about you? What are you willing to risk, Julia?"

Taking his hand, I place it on my inside thigh, look directly into his eyes again and kiss him fully, pulling my lips away in a long, drawn-out motion.

"Everything, Mark. I'll risk everything."

Mark squeezes my thigh making me wince and get wet for him all at the same time.

"Let's see, Julia. Let's see right now."

Chapter 10

"We can catch our breath by the pool," Mark says and he stands, offering me his hand.

"It's a little late to head to the pool isn't it? I mean, won't they think it's odd you're swimming with the cleaning lady this late at night?"

"The pool is private. It's an over-sized jacuzzi, actually-big enough for about twenty people and six feet deep so your legs can dangle as you sit on the ledge or use it for hydrotherapy. Besides, the view from this far up is amazing."

We walk to the "pool room" and I am awed by the surroundings. Decorated like a Buddhist meditation room, the wooden planks lead to a huge pool-like jacuzzi, with deck chairs and small tables around it. The best feature by far is the wall which is actually a plate glass window giving an amazing view of the lights of the city.

I gasp, transfixed by the view.

He directs me to take my shoes off in the doorway to protect the decking, then walks over and climbs in a deck chair facing the city, pulling me onto the chair with him. He kisses me and plays with my hair.

"So, we're agreed. No more talk of this unless I initiate it or we agree it's a safe location?" he asks, his finger tracing my lips. I can understand why he needs assurance. I haven't made the sanest choices lately.

"We agree." I lean over and steal another long drawn out kiss from him.

"You better be a good girl. Or I might just have to spank you."

"I'll be good," I promise him back, reaching down and rubbing his crotch. I feel his c**k rising inside his pants and I love his response to my touch. Sliding down the chair, I get to my goal with the firm intent of pulling his zipper down with my teeth, only to discover they are buttons.

"Problem?" He looks amused as I stall one inch from his member.

"I was hoping to unzip you with my mouth, but these buttons require more talent than I have," I confess. He laughs heartily and tussles my hair with one hand while undoing his buttons with the other, allowing me to slip his thick c**k out in the open and cover it with my mouth.

He moans, leaning back to enjoy the sensation of my tongue flicking and licking his head. "You are a good girl."

"If you'd care to disrobe a little further, I can make sure all my goodness shows."

"You first." I can't believe I'm doing this but I rise and go to the corner of the room where a coat rack and towel holder are stationed and begin removing my clothes for the second time in one day. Mark also removes his clothes and returns to the chair erect and ready for me to continue.

I kneel down then slide my tongue up his thigh until I arrive at a position where I can take his balls into my mouth one at a time. Licking, lapping and sucking them while his pleasure echoes off the deck. The salty, musky taste of him fills my mouth.

I run my tongue up the bottom of his shaft and rise up to take as much of him as I can in my mouth, my head bobbing back and forth on his cock, wanting to fulfill all his needs. The pulsing member in my mouth jumps and moves as my tongue and lips do their work. Just when I think he is ready to explode, he puts his hand on my head and pushes it back.

"You're so beautiful," he says, kissing my cheek. He stands and walks over the stairs leading into the jacuzzi. I follow but he puts his hand up to stop me. Reaching down, he picks up a rope anchored to a pool float and begins untying it from the end. It's a typical nautical rope and I can't imagine why on earth he would stop the best darn blowjob on the planet-if I do say so myself-to fuss with his pool cleaner. He also takes a small orange tag on a plastic band from the cleaner as well.

He comes back and tells me to face the city. I see his reflection as he moves slowly behind me, his c**k teasing my slit from behind. He reaches around with one hand and rubs my sore pu**y. The pain almost makes me protest, but the growing wetness urges me to let him continue. I'll rest tomorrow.

"Put your hands behind your back," he whispers seductively in my ear.

"I've already been through this." I laugh, hoping he thinks it's funny. He slaps my naked rear playfully.

"Yes, I recall."

I put both hands behind me hoping I will feel his magic fingers pulsing against my clit again very soon. Instead he holds my wrists together pulling my arms tight and places the plastic orange tag from the pool float around them, locking them in place. I begin to shake as I realize he is immobilizing my arms.

"Mark? What are you doing?"

"Trust and submission, Julia." It's the only answer he gives me. As beautiful as the city lights are, I close my eyes and pray I can live up to whatever his expectation will be.

Mark walks back over to the stairs and picks up the rope. I feel him behind me once more kissing my neck and nibbling my ear. His breath in my ear and his body so close nearly lead me to pass out. He pulls on my arms then I feel the rope going around them, about an inch above my elbows. He begins looping and spinning the rope around my two arms, binding them together, and securing the rope.

"Did your mom teaching you knitting too?" I ask, trying to diffuse my fear with humor.

"I doubt my mother ever knew anything about this," he responds but gives me a few more kisses to let me know it is okay to joke. He pulls and tightens the rope until my arms are locked together in an inescapable bond. Guiding me by the shoulders, he spins me around. My fingertips are tingling and I can't tell if this is nerves or lack of blood. He rubs himself against my naked body, leaning over to kiss each of my br**sts passionately, stoking the fire below.

"This is called an elbow hold." I can tell by his tone of voice that I need to listen very carefully. "It's a popular form of arm bondage. The rope is tied above your elbows which pins your arms behind you. Unfortunately there's a drawback to the beautiful submissive position. If I don't release your arms within twenty minutes, the lack of circulation will become dangerous, cutting off necessary blood flow from your hands and arms first and then damaging other parts."

"Oh..." I say, letting it all sink in.

"Don't worry. I have an excellent sense of time." He leans down and begins nuzzling and sucking my br**sts some more. My arousal is working wonders to quell the fear I feel at this moment. His hands touch and probe my pu**y and I stand there overwhelmed by the sensations.

"Is this really trust, Mark?"

"No. This is submission, Julia," he replies politely openly admiring my shape. He takes a deep breath. "This is trust."

He pushes me into the pool.

I feel weightless for a second and then the water goes over my head. My legs are flailing, trying to get me back up above water. My shoulders are jerking but my arms can't move. Oh my god. He's drowning me! I splash and kick hard, my head finally going above the surface. I try to scream for help but gurgling water comes out of my mouth and I feel my body going back down to the deep well in the center of this pool.

Then strong hands are around my waist and I am floating toward Mark who must have jumped in the water after me. He pulls me above the surface and holds me as I get some air in my lungs.

"What the f**k?"I scream. I lean over and struggle, wanting to slap him, but with my arms tied behind me, all I can do is shoulder butt him a bit. He holds onto me tightly as I flail and jabber. "Fucking bastard, I could have drowned!"

"Shhh," he consoles me again. "You're not going to drown. Not as long as I am holding you up."

I stop long enough to clear my eyes and take in the situation. He's standing on the underwater ledge holding me with powerful arms as I float in the deep center. He's right. As long as he holds me, I'm fine. But if he lets me go, I'll sink.

Mark kisses me again, our wet lips meeting together and forming a seal that momentarily takes my breath.

"Now, we really must do something about your language, young lady." I feel him adjust his grip so he is holding me from the bottom. "I won't have you speaking so coarsely. It's rude and shows that you're out of control."

How long can his arms last? How long until the rope has to come off? He's giving me a lesson in ladylike behavior while my life hangs in the balance. Maybe he really is crazy. I lean with my feet trying to put them on the ledge he's braced to-but there's no room.

"No cheating," he chides me a second time. "Blake's the cheater, not you."

I feel his strong legs pushing mine apart until his hips are right up against me. We are facing each other less than an inch apart. I look into his eyes for signs of madness and see only desire-his and mine. One arm lets go for just a second, causing me to gasp, and then returns as I feel him enter my body.

I want to wrap my arms around him, to cling to him but I can't, my arms are of no use. So I move my hips for him trying to show that I want him deeper. I need him to hold me up and I need for him to consume me. He grips me tightly in his wet grasp and bends his head to bite and suck at my br**sts, the feeling of lust overwhelming all other thoughts in my head.

I feel his shaft entering me and sliding back and forth. The water splashes around us and my pu**y grips and clings to him. My legs finally wrap themselves around him and I hang there as he holds me, f**king me slowly, kissing and sucking me, devouring every part of me.

The splashing water causes small pulses against my clit, creating a stronger sensation than even his powerful thrusts digging his shaft deep into my body. We go at it like animals clinging to each other for life as we f**k and pleasure one another. My pu**y starts pulsing, my mound quaking as I feel myself building to a plateau that I have never been taken to.

My body begins to jerk under the water, the pleasure rising to my brain much faster than normal. My fingers are growing numb but the whole of my body is consumed in this building, burgeoning, wracking passion and I curl into him, biting his shoulder as the scream tears from my throat. He joins me, this time expressing loudly his release, as he slams and presses into me pounding me in sharp, hard thrusts-his mouth frozen open as his body seizes up to release his passion.

I go limp in his arms. For a moment, I worry the twenty minutes has passed and I'm actually dying. Then, I don't care. I just want the feeling of his arms holding me and his shaft inside me to go on forever.

He kicks off the ledge and floats on his back over to the stairs of the jacuzzi, carrying me along for the ride. When we are both out of harm's way, he unties my arms and unstraps my wrists. I look at him straight in the eye for a moment. Silence passes between us for a moment then I wrap my arms around him and hug him as close as I can. He begins kissing and whispering in my ear.

"I will never let you fall, Julia. I will always hold you."

"I know," I reply and collapse in his embrace.

Somehow he manages to stand and carry me to the deck chair. He covers me with a blanket and slides in beside me.

I don't know how long we stayed that way-his strength upholding my weakness and my body available to his need. At some point, he suggested we move back inside and we ended up on the couch again. I'm not sure if I walked there or he carried me. I just know he never left my side.

~~~

"Hey, sleepy head. You've got a phone call." Mark's voice awakens me. I open my eyes and discover I'm still sleeping on the couch. He's dressed in pajamas and the sun is streaming through the window. I see my clothing folded neatly on the coffee table.

"What?"

"Your phone's been going off for the last hour. Someone's trying to reach you." He hands me the phone from my purse before walking into the kitchen. I smell coffee brewing.

Opening my cell, I notice there are eight missed calls starting from late last night. That doesn't make any sense. Since I was fired there hasn't been very much for my phone to do. I press the icon for messages, but only hear half of the first one.

"Miss Sharp, this is Emily from Glenvale Cancer Treatment Center. I'm your father's nurse. I need to inform you there has been an emergency."

Chapter 11

"I have to go," I say to Mark, trembling from the sudden shock. Looking around for my purse, I stop just long enough to see my reflection in the mirror behind the bar. I look ghastly. I don't have time to deal with that now.

"What's going on? Where are you going? I need you to keep me informed about what you're doing."

"Don't worry, I'm not on my way to get arrested or anything," I respond with biting sarcasm. I don't know what makes me want to treat him so badly. I just know I need to get out of here now. "It's my father. He's in ICU. He's had some sort of crash or stroke or something. I don't know. They moved him from the Cancer Treatment Center to Mount Sinai. He... well... he's...."

"Shhh." Mark puts his arm around me, knowing I can't say the words out loud yet. I drink his comfort like warm tea for a moment and then go stiff in his embrace. I can't let myself be weak. Not now.

"I'm fine. It's fine. I just need to get there."

"Do you want me to take you? I would be happy to get you some-"

"No. I don't need your help. I just need to go!"

I walk straight out the door, closing it with a bang. I'm so afraid he is going to call down to the doorman or catch me coming out of the parking garage, I actually run to the car. It isn't until I'm on the highway that I catch my breath and realize I just made a scene for no reason other than my total fear of being vulnerable in front of Mark. After all we have been through-the job, the arrest, the love, the sex-I have displayed every possible emotion in front of that man and still I ran from him. I just had to be the "strong one."

"Daddy's strong girl," I say out loud, stuck behind a bread truck in a traffic jam. I hate being stuck in this car with nothing but my thoughts. I'm losing Dad. I feel it, and I don't know what to do about it. It's never been a secret I was a "Daddy's girl" and I have always been closer to him than mom. Dad's so accepting, laid-back, and sure. He always had a plan and knew what to say.

Mom was the uptight one. Everything had to be perfect, pristine and correct for her. She had everything she loved in life, but there was always that edge of unhappiness or emptiness in her. I never knew why, really. She kept everything to herself. Somehow, I always loved being with Dad, and yet, I realize now-I ended up so much like my mom. I remember swimming lessons. No matter how well I did, or how fast I went, Mom would always suggest I try harder, do better, or beat my last time. Dad would always say "I'm proud of you, honey" and let it go at that.

My dad, always so proud of me-his strong little girl-and what am I doing while he is slipping away? I'm having sex in a pool while my life's work crumbles around me and falls into the hands of none other than Valerie James. I don't know how he would feel about the whole sex thing. Even when I was engaged to Greg and we were living together, my dad pretended I was still a virgin. But I know what he would say if I told him about Valerie James ending up with Lynx and everything I worked so hard to achieve.

"You started it," he would say, shaking his head. He says it every time my rivalry with Valerie is the topic of conversation. "You started the fight with her, honey, and one of these days she might just finish it."

Slowly the cars in front of me begin to lurch forward. It's not fast enough for me to make much progress or even need to pay attention to the road, but as we say in New York-at least we're moving. Oh, Daddy. I think you might be right this time. I think she is going to finish it, and finish me in the process.

I met Valerie my senior year in college. I was a lead editor on the paper, and won a number of awards for investigative reporting and writing in college competitions. Dr. Louden, my advisor, said the journalism staff voted me "most likely to win a Pulitzer." Then he told me the worst thing he could have ever said.

"You're the most talented journalist we've had here since Valerie James, and a close second to her too!"

Close second? Close second? I wasn't going to be second to anyone. Of course, it didn't help that a few months later Valerie was invited to be a guest lecturer for one of our classes. She was the youngest assistant editor at Ladies World and was supposed to be giving us tips on what journalism was like in the "real world."

"It's important to remember when you get out into reality that in college you write what you want to write, out there you must write what the reader wants to read," she said. Everyone in class could only see her success. I saw challenge.

"Wouldn't you call that 'catering to the masses'?" I asked pointedly.

"I would call it good business, Miss... um..."

"Sharp, Julia Sharp, Miss James. You might have read my work, I won the Hearst Journalism Award for Investigative Reporting this year with an expose on school charter programs."

"Nope, can't say I've seen it," Valerie responded blithely. "But I'm a professional editor now, not a student, so I read what I get paid to read."

The class chuckled politely and waited for her to go with the rest of her golden "how to" tips. But her superior attitude and over-use of the word "professional" was like waving the red cape in front of the bull. So, of course, I charged at her.

"Really? You only do what you get paid to do? That doesn't sound like journalism to me. It sounds more like prostitution." The class gasped and Dr. Louden started walking toward the front of the room.

"Excuse me? Did you just call me a prostitute, Miss Sharp? I will have you know I am both an accomplished writer and editor of a national magazine."

"Pffft, Ladies World," I responded. "That's not even journalism. Recipes and articles about stars and their pets, self-help tips for depressed housewives and gardening stories? The day's going to come when a smart women's magazine that showcases real news comes along and wipes Ladies World off the rack."

"I doubt you'll see that day, Miss Sharp. Because you'll be working at Walmart which is the only place I can imagine that would hire someone as rude as you," she said, red in the face and furious. Dr. Louden intervened.

"I can see we've gotten off track. Let's take a five minute break and when we come back Miss James will talk about portfolios and what today's publishers are looking for," he said waving everyone out of the room. I stayed to talk with her more, but Dr. Louden motioned for me to go to his office.

"We don't treat one of the most successful alumni of the school like that!" he sneered as he sat behind the desk with me standing there like a chastised child.

"She works for a bloated, old-school kitchen rag. What could she possibly have that I would even care about?"

"Oh my dear." Dr. Louden laughed in a sinister way I'd never heard before. "You may not like her style but she has more connections in this city than you have words in your vocabulary. I hope you like writing for the Oklahoma Shopper Express because when she's done with you-they'll be the only place that will take you."

Poor Dad. I railed and screamed and carried on about Valerie James every time I was denied a job. I talked about how corrupt the system was, how unfair life could be, how I was being oppressed because I was so much more talented than she had ever been. Every time I got told no, Dad would listen, and nod and say, "You started it."

Dr. Louden was wrong about me ending up writing ads at the Oklahoma Shopper Express. Even they wouldn't hire me. So I did the only thing that I could do. I started the magazine that would wipe Ladies World off the racks. If only Valerie James hadn't played dirty, Lynx would have been that magazine in only a few more years.

I finally end up at the hospital and a volunteer guides me to my dad's room. The nurse catches me right before I enter. She talks to me to mentally prepare me to see Dad in his condition.

"He's heavily sedated and requires the breathing tube but is off the ventilator. He slips and out of consciousness," she explains.

"When will he be fully awake and alert again?" I ask hopefully. She looks down at the floor and bites her bottom lip. As an ICU nurse I'm sure she has said this stuff a hundred times but she genuinely looks like she cares.

"He may never," she says softly. "The treatment center has done all they can, and this last embolism has weakened him past where we may be able to bring him back. He can understand you sometimes, but he's going to be out of it more than in from this point forward."

"But you can still save him, right? He can turn the corner, can't he?" I know I'm badgering her to tell me what I want to hear-what I need to hear.

"I don't know," she says solemnly. "His eyes are open now, so why don't you go in and spend some time with him while he's awake."

"I... ah... I don't know what to say," I confess. She reaches out and puts a compassionate hand on my arm.

"Tell him you're here. Tell him you love him," she says softly. "The best thing you can do with people is tell them you love them."

Even with her counsel, it's hard walking into the room and seeing my dad this way. He looks so much smaller than I ever remember him being, withered and pale. The lights are dim and the machines hooked up to him glow eerily with patterns and numbers I will never understand.

"Dad," I say loudly as I take his hand in mine. It seems smaller than I recall. His eyes open about halfway and he gets a slight smile. "Dad, it's Julia. I'm here, Dad. I'm here."

He squeezes my hand. He knows. After a few minutes his eyes close and his breathing shallows to a steady even puff. I keep talking to him, remember old times, good times, how much he loved Mom, and how much he means to me. The numbers don't change, and I figure he's out for a while.

"There's something I need you to know," I say. "I started seeing Mark. I know you always liked him. To be honest, I wanted to like him too, but I guess I was still hurt from Greg. I see now that Mark is totally different. He's smart and strong. He isn't really intimidated by me, at all. He challenges me. I guess that's why I was so afraid of getting too close to him."

I stop for a moment, and check the machine again. No change. Finally I've found the one person I can share this with who won't be able to judge me or talk me out of what I'm doing.

"I've given him parts of myself. First it was just my body, but I think my heart may not be far behind. For the first time in a long time, I feel like I might actually be changing. Somehow, I think he might be healing me. I fight him, of course. But less and less. And I'm feeling more and more solid."

I check the machine again, no change. His eyes still closed, his breathing even. Then a shadow crosses his bed. It's Mark.

I jump up. "How long have you been there?" Oh my god! Did he just hear that?

"I just got here." He shrugs. "I was worried about you, and your father." Despite what I said to my father, Mark's surprise appearance instantly makes me put my defenses up.

"Well, you need to go," I hiss at him. "How dare you show up here? I told you I didn't need you! Do you think my dad needs to find out right now about our profane agreement? Aren't patient files confidential? How did you even know to come here?"

"I'm a rich man," he says, rolling his eyes, "in a city that runs on money. It's not hard for me to learn things. This isn't the first time I've visited your dad, as you're well aware. I doubt he'll find anything profane in my being here."

He's right. Dad always did like him, and Mark was the one that helped to transfer Dad to Glenvale after all. He had as much a right to visit Dad as I had.

"I'm sorry, Mark," I'm acting like a harpy when the truth is I just don't want him to know how deeply he's affecting me. I'm just not ready to give him that yet. "I'm just overwhelmed, you know."

"I understand. I'll be in the waiting room. Take as long as you want."

"You don't have to wait, I don't need you," I say without much conviction.

"Says you." Mark walks away leaving me alone with Dad.

I feel Dad's hand squeezing mine and look down to see him smiling again.

"Julia," he whispers. I lean to hear him. "I'm so glad."

"What, Dad?"

"I'm glad you finally found a man worthy of you."

"I love you, Daddy."

"I love you," my father says.

His head leans back and eyes close once more. I wait for a while but he doesn't stir again.

Mark's in the waiting room fussing with his cell phone when I walk out. I want him to hold me and tell me that everything is going to be okay. My vision blurs at the thought of sharing my pain with him, but I turn away and wipe my eyes.

I quickly dart across the hall and take the side elevator out. Hopefully by the time he realizes I've left, I'll be home in bed and he will get the hint that this part of my life, my pain, is off limits.

Chapter 12

Walking down the hall to my apartment door, I feel the weight of the past few days fold around me like a straight-jacket. Not just the relationship, the magazine, the arrest or my dad-but a combination of everything drains me. I look up to see a person standing by my door. I don't bother calling the police or security. I know that shape, in darkness or light. It's Mark.

"How dare you follow me here," I seethe, expecting him to withdraw or wither or apologize.

He just smiles. "Follow you? I didn't follow you. I beat you here! I need to get you a better map of the city."

"You need to leave me the hell alone," I strike back. "I gave you my body and my compliance, not the title to my life like some cheap ass car you bought on a second hand lot."

"Julia, that's not fair," he says sternly. "There is not one thing about you or your life that is 'cheap ass' or 'second hand'."

"Well I sure feel wrecked."

"Let's go inside and talk this out." Ever rational, Mark has no idea he's just stepped onto the rollercoaster ride from hell.

"I'm not letting you inside-my life, my body or my apartment. Take your map and your money and your shining armor and get the f**k away from my door before I call the cops." I reach out and push his shoulder, tempting him. I don't know if I want him to fight me, hug me, or push me back. I just want something to happen.

"The way you're acting, it's you the cops will be taking into custody. Want that to happen again? Are you starting to like the feeling of zip ties, because I can bring some over if you like them." His sarcasm cuts through me. Whatever I'm trying to manipulate him into being or doing, it's not going to happen.

I glance at his face, his jaw firmly set, clearly ready for the argument he expects from me. But I don't have the energy to fight anymore, not him, not now.

"Just go, please." I say half-heartedly.

He sighs. "Let's both just go. Inside. Because I have some things to tell you and I'm not really sure you want your neighbors to hear any more than they already have."

I nod and let him in. He looks around my place and I realize I haven't been home or cleaned very much. My table is covered with Paul Fries legal documents and notes. Two blouses and a bra hang over the back of my couch and an empty bottle of wine sits on the coffee table. If I had any sense at all I'd be mortified. But right now I'm so tired I barely care at all.

"Well, have a seat." I point to the couch. He walks over, picks up my bra, folds it and places it neatly on the coffee table. He does the same with my blouses and then pats the cushion beside him.

"You too," he says casually, as if he just met me at a cafe and is inviting me to join him for tea.

"Mark, I'm exhausted. Mentally, physically, emotionally exhausted."

"Sit down." His voice is stern. I obey in an instant, plopping down beside him.

"You could have stopped our deal at any time. I've given you chance after chance to say you don't want to submit to me. But every time you continue to give yourself to my instructions, my desires and directions. Every time you keep the deal. Do you know why I even offered you our deal?" He looks directly at me, his beautiful eyes trying to make contact with my soul. For a moment, I feel myself opening to him and then before I can speak, the hard protective shell covers my heart and mouth.

"Oh, I don't know. Free sex for a change?"

"I've paid for a lot of things in this world, but I've never had to pay for sex," he counters, batting away my bitter retort like a horse swats a fly. Even when I don't want him to be, he's perfect.

"Because I'm so hot?" I ask disagreeably.

"Because you're so sad," he says, all humor falling from the sky. "So lonely, so... lost."

"That's not your business."

"I think it is. I've watched you bully employees, push your weight around, shut out honest offers of friendship and stoke the fires of rage and regret. Lynx isn't a job; it's a battleground where you pit your passion and talent against anything you can find. You win. You always win because you give it everything you have, and you have so much. So when I saw you in my office that day, ready to tear the building apart with your bare hands, I knew you needed help."

"Of course I needed help. I was robbed."

"Not help with Lynx. Help with life. Help with love. I knew you needed at least one person in your life who was willing to tell you 'no.' You need someone gentle enough to listen and strong enough to give you direction. You didn't just need another man to push against. You needed a man who wouldn't be pushed and who would give you the freedom to accept what's given to you, not just the ability to get what you want. You need submission, Julia. It's not just a game, it's a gift. For both of us."

The hot stinging tears forming in the corner of my eyes threaten to fall. I stare at the ceiling, willing them back but it's too late. I drop my head and try to look away but he puts his hand under my chin and catches my tears in his palm.

"Don't hide these," he says, showing me small wet dots on his hand. "Tears are honest. Real. And they are part of you too. Don't fight them. Let them fall."

I try to push his hand away but he brings it back, holding my shoulders then brushing my hair off my forehead.

"You don't understand," I gurgle. "You've never needed anything in your whole life."

"That's not true. I have needs, just like everyone," he says quietly.

"Really?" I pull myself back, forcing him to lower his hands from my face and drop them to my shoulders. "Name one thing you have ever needed."

Mark reaches up and lets his finger run across my cheek following the path of my tears. He looks directly at me, no distraction, no diversion, just truth.

"I need you."

His eyes are open wide, looking into mine, his face open and soft, a sheepish grin crinkling the corners of his eyelids. I consider the vulnerability on his face, realizing for the first time that his strong exterior protects a heart that is just as capable of feeling as my own.

I lean forward to kiss him, praying he will take charge again. He does. His lips cover mine and his arm pulls me closer toward him. He envelops me and kisses me deeply, pulling back just long enough to give me a few small kisses, then embracing me with his lips once more.

Reaching out, I put my hands on his chest rubbing it and pulling at his buttons. His hold on me is so strong and I feel such comfort in his arms. I want to be even closer, held tighter. I want to be part of him and I want him in me. I place my hand on his pants and begin to rub, hoping to see arousal in his eyes.

"Hey," he whispers. "I'm the boss in that department, remember? I'm the one who gets to say."

I continue rubbing and pushing against him, moving my kisses across his cheek to his ear where I speak clearly.

"Then, say. Because I really need this now."

"Not too tired?" Mark asks, his smile returning.

"No. Not at all."

"Good," he says. Mark puts his strong left arm under my legs and with his right arm looped around my shoulders he lifts me into the air, kissing me lightly as he carries me toward my bedroom.

Placing me on the bed, he begins kissing and touching me gently. It is so different from his rough thrusts, and so much like the gentle man he usually becomes afterward. I try to hurry him a bit, reaching down to lift my shirt, when he puts his hand on mine.

"Before you do that, I need a decision. A real one. If you think your sexual submission to me is profane, then we should call it off. That doesn't mean I'll leave, or even that I'll stop needing you. It just means we have to go about this differently."

Refusing to answer the question with words, I pull my top over my head and unhook my bra, dropping it dramatically on floor. He smiles. I place my hands under my br**sts and lift them to him-the most fitting offering I can imagine at the time. He accepts my desire, lowering his chin and taking my nipple in his mouth, sucking and pulling on it rhythmically while his hands continue to undress me.

When he is naked too, he positions his body between my legs but continues to knead and nurture my br**sts. Eventually he runs his tongue up and down my stomach and side, causing me to quiver all over. Placing my hands on his sides as he hovers over me, I begin to slide down, hoping to take his c**k in my mouth, but he stops me.

"Tonight, it's for you. Just you." He guides my head back the pillow. He continues to lick and caress me until his tongue finds its way to my mound. He licks both sides of my lips, his tongue occasionally diving deep inside, feeling the wetness bubble out of me. Finding my clit, he sucks and licks around it, pulling it from its hood and enlivening my body until I feel I may spontaneously combust.

My hips are rising as my breath begins to quicken. I am so close to release when he slows to a stop.

"No," I whine, fearing he might just leave me in the heightened state until I go mad with lust. He chuckles a second and pulls himself up, placing his c**k between my engorged lips, right at the entry point. Knowing the power of his thrusts, I bite my bottom lip and wait for it, but, instead he moves slowly, deliberately, into my body.

He surges into me in small strokes, then pulls out slowly, only to surge again. The back and forth motion of his c**k inside me sets my whole body to his pulse. My hips come up to meet his thrusts and descend with his pull. In my mind I am lying on a raft in the ocean, the deep blue waves crest against me gently as I float on the rippling water. Just floating there, without a fear, or a care, in the world, each wave as steady and pleasing as the next.

Then I feel his thumb resting on my clit rubbing circles on it as he pushes in me and presses downward with his movement out. Now my mind, body and soul are on the raft and the ocean underneath me is building in speed and volume. I hold onto the sides of the bed for fear the waves will topple me and I feel it-a giant tsunami of pleasure-churning towards me. My cry starts so softly, like a dove's coo, but by the time the power of the wave is ready to crest I am moaning loudly, begging for it to crash down on me and take me out to sea. Then it hits me.

The spasm is deep inside me and long. I move with the sensation, my entire channel pulsing with the rhythm rocking up and down as my mind explodes while the pleasure takes me under, quivering and throbbing on the end of him. I don't know if he is making sounds or not, I am drowning in my release when I feel his seed spurting within me.

He stands after he withdraws from my body and lifts me a few inches, moving me to the center of the bed, out of the wet spot. He lies in my place and pulls me close to him. I want to tell him I don't really mind the remnants of our encounter, but discover I'm not ready to speak quite yet.

He runs his hands through my hair, and moves his finger over my body. I collect myself in time and finally am able to find my voice when he speaks before I can.

"I think I might have missed your answer," Mark says with his usual confidence. "What do you want to do about the deal?"

"Why Mr. Stone, Sir," I say doing my best Scarlett O'Hara impersonation. "I'm yours to command."

~~~

Twenty days ago I never would have been awakened by the sun streaming through my window. Most days, by now, I would have been showered, dressed and in my office at Lynx looking over writing samples and editing first drafts. But now, I'm curling under the covers enjoying the sleepy morning moment. Stretching, I reach out and jump when I feel something unexpected.

"Mark!" I exclaim, trying to recall exactly what day of the week it is and why there is a man in my bed when last night's sensuous lovemaking returns to my mind.

"You were expecting someone else?"

"No, I...um...well..." I stammer a moment trying to think of something to say other than I woke up in a fog and didn't remember the love we made last night, even though it was one of the deepest experiences of my sexual life. "I'm just surprised you're still in bed. I expected you to be making breakfast or something."

"Actually," he replies with a tone of good humor to his voice. "I did get up to make us some breakfast but unless you want a meal made of half-opened expired yogurt, a cracked egg, some cabbage and teriyaki sauce we're out of luck. Don't you eat?"

"Not lately," I confess. "I've been a little busy, you know, saving my magazine, supporting my father, being a sex slave, getting my car washed-"

"Speaking of the sex slave thing. We should talk."

"I thought we cleared that up last night."

"We did. But I wanted to make sure it was your brain and heart talking and not just the waves of orgasmic bliss. We're progressing farther into the deal and things are going to get more challenging, more serious, and I need to know you're fully up to the tasks."

"Yes." I take a deep breath, trying to imagine just what we could do that would challenge me more than he already has. "I'm ready for whatever's next."

"Good." He nods as we endure an awkward silence so painful I start yammering to fill the room with something besides static.

"It's been tough, you know. Submitting. I'm so used to being in charge of everything. To be told, and to do what you're told-hasn't been in my world for a long time. In fact, it wasn't really a part of my world even when I was young. My dad always encouraged me to challenge the system. My mom always wanted me to beat it."

"That's part of the problem. It's good to know when to take, but it's crucial to know how to give. Pushing people around isn't the same as relating to them."

"In college they drill it into you that reporters have to be aggressive. You have to take what you want, you have to rip the story out of the shadows, and you have to control your environment. I thought I was doing my job. I actually thought it was a compliment when I found out the staff secretly called me Miss Shark."

"Miss Shark?" He laughs at the nickname.

"Yes." I blush. "But lately I've realized it's not who I want to be. When Kenneth Allen referred to that name in my office I actually cringed. Hearing it come out of his mouth just showed me what an ugly image it could be."

"The line between aggressive and assertive is blurry." He leans back against the headboard to wax philosophic.

"I suppose so, maybe it was too blurry for me and I crossed the line a long time ago. I was just afraid, I think. Afraid of being seen as weak, being walked over, so I did anything I could to appear strong."

He is silent. I'm not sure if he heard me or if his mind is somewhere else. He sits straight up and looks at me. "Wait a minute. When did Kenneth Allen call you Miss Shark?"

I blink, unsure of where he's going with this question. "The day he fired me. He sat right behind my desk and mentioned how the staff refers to me as Miss Shark."

"But how did he know that?" Mark grows urgent in his questioning, his eyes lighting up. "He's Blake's lawyer. He never worked with you after the acquisition until recently. How would he know what they call you?"

His tone with this line of questioning sets me on edge and I prop my back against the headboard, "Blake probably told him, I assumed."

"And how would Blake know?" Mark says in a stern, direct fashion. He isn't accusing me but it was clear he senses something is wrong.

"I don't know," I say, climbing out of bed and putting a robe on. My body feels delicious after the night together but this line of questioning is dramatically increasing my tension. "I don't know how Blake knows my nickname, how he stole from my company or how he knows what stories we ran. All I know is he took my world away!"

"I think those questions all have the same answer. How did you find out they called you Miss Shark? I mean, I'm sure they didn't call you that to your face."

"Janice told me over tea one day. At first it was just a few employees. But when I started reviewing their inter-office communication I noticed it all over. I'd see things that said, 'Miss Shark is going to yell when she sees my word count' or 'Meeting with Miss Shark, scary!' and I would smile. They don't know I can see their inter-office IM's so I just pretend I don't know what's happening."

"How do you see the messages?"

"Through the software from you guys. About a year or so ago the IT guy from Sandstone Ventures came by and put software on my computer. He said the company had a policy that all properties have to use it and monitor the online activities of staff. So, I can actually open up anyone's computer from my office and see what they're doing, or what they're writing. When I started seeing 'MS' and realizing what it meant, it made me laugh."

"We don't have any software like that! And we don't set policy for our properties. We just handle the capital." Mark jumps out of bed and starts frantically looking for his clothes. "That's it! That's how he did it."

He gets dressed and heads toward the door mumbling about techs and codes and backdoors. I jump in front of him to stop him from leaving without saying goodbye.

"Breakfast will have to wait." He pats my shoulder, attempting to push me to the side. "I need to get to the office. Better yet, I need to get to your office."

"What are you talking about?" I block the door until I get some kind of reasonable response.

"That's how Blake's been embezzling money. He's using your system, your software. The program that lets you see into your staff's computers is letting him into yours. It's got a backdoor that links him to you. He got more money than Lynx has, but I'm sure with the right records, we could track his transactions through your office."

"Let's call the cops, now!" I say knowing I'll lose this argument for the three-hundredth time.

"It's not enough to know it Julia, we have to prove it. I need to get inside your office."

"Impossible. I'm sure they changed the locks when they threw me out and my contact says they have all new codes and passwords. Besides, if they catch you in my office, it's going to tip them off you know."

"Then I need someone on the inside. I need to meet your contact."

At Mark's sudden desire to meet Janice, I stall. She's the one piece of the puzzle that I still control. Do I trust Mark enough to give her up to him? If it came down to a choice between the survival of Sandstone Ventures or Lynx, which would he choose? What would it mean for Janice and for me, if he betrays us all? My mind jumps back to the anonymous text I received weeks ago: "Do not trust him." How would Janice take the news that I am sleeping with Mark? What would she think of my deal with him? Would she think that I am making a serious mistake?

"I need to think about it. I can't just risk my contact for a whim," I say with a little more defiance than I need to display right now. Mark's jaws lock and his eyes narrow for a moment.

"That's a pretty curious attitude for a woman who runs around assaulting people and whose whims have made my attempts to get to the truth a nightmare." He grumbles. I soften my features and let him know I'm not trying to be difficult, just safe. "Fine, you think about it. But don't take too long. The clock hasn't stopped to consider the consequences."

Mark doesn't slam the door, but he closes it sharply enough for me to know he's not happy with my stalling. I grab my purse and head out for a bagel and some groceries, my mind consumed with the pros and cons of allowing Mark and Janice to meet. If it weren't for that stupid text, putting doubts into my head.

Chapter 13

I stop by the hospital to sit with Dad. That's what the nurse calls it-sitting. He hasn't really opened his eyes or communicated with more than a few hand squeezes since I left last night. I ask the nurse if this is normal.

"For him it is," she says gently. I watched her come in with a cloth and some lotion. She washed his skin and then rubbed the lotion into his hands, arm and cheeks. "No matter how much fluid we give them, people tend to dry out in the hospital."

"I feel so helpless," I confess. I don't know who this nurse is, but I make a vow that when I get Lynx back, I'm going to assign my best feature writer to do a story about ICU nurses and what an amazing job they do. She nods empathetically. "Is there anything I can do to help him?"

The nurse hands me the lotion and wash cloth.

"I meant isn't there something I can do to change the situation for him? Help him wake up or get him to move around more? I know there's really nothing I can do."

"My experience is that when there's nothing you can do," she says gently squeezing the lotion into my hand and placing it on Dad's arm. "Small things are sometimes all you can do."

She's right. I finish with Dad's arm and reach for my cell phone.

"Mark, it's Julia," I say to the voice mail prompt, thankful I don't have to speak to him in person. "Saturday at noon, Cafe San Carlo in the Village. Be prepared to pay for three."

~~~

I sit with Dad most of the morning. He's still breathing, but largely unresponsive. His grip is getting weaker. Yet, he did signal that he knows I'm there.

I tell Janice to meet me at 11:30 so I can catch her up with what's happening and explain why I am allowing Mark to meet with both of us. I probably don't need thirty minutes to get Janice into the swing of this meeting, but I have to give her at least some clues because I have no idea what's going to come up.

"Cafe San Carlo?" Janice says as she sits down looking at the beautiful Italian decor. "Don't you think this is a little pricey for a woman who just lost her job and a woman who is probably going to in a few weeks?"

"We aren't paying. Order anything you want," I reply, keeping pace with my friend. It's nice to be talking about anything that isn't serious. Of course, that'll change soon. "I'm ordering the Seabass Marichiara and a nice glass of Lambrusco."

"Really? Then I'll just have one of everything and a bottle of something red," she laughs. "Seriously, who's coming to meet us, Rupert Murdoch?"

"Think local, less famous, better looking and much more stamina in the sack."

"Um... wow... if he wasn't rich I'd say the UPS guy who delivers in the afternoons, but I'm pretty sure he's not eating here before hauling our packages up from the street. Who is it?"

"Okay, okay. It's Mark. We've hit a break, or a snag-I'm not sure which-with his plan and we need your help."

"Mark Stone? You got it. Anything to get his ass**le brother out of your office and off my ass." She holds up a glass to get the waiter's attention and orders a spicy Malbec.

"I hear you. The plan is to get Lynx back before the papers-"

"Hey! Wait a minute," she interrupts me in mid-sentence, giggling like a schoolgirl. "How do you know Mark Stone is good in the sack?"

I blush as I realize this is not going to be as easy or smooth as I had hoped if I don't cough up at least a few details. I plunge into the part of the speech I rehearsed, hoping Janice's questioning mind doesn't take me too far off the planned path.

"Okay, look. That's why I asked you here early. I need you to know something and keep it to yourself. If anyone finds out this information, it could be bad for all of us-you included."

"Tick, a lock," she says, pretending to lock her lips and throw away the key.

"I'm... well... I'm kinda," I stammer and play with napkin. Finally, I blurt it out like someone who is possessed. "I'm sleeping with Mark. It's not a big thing, or a relationship and we aren't moving in, getting hitched or planning kids. It's just sex."

"Wow." Janice sits there with her mouth hanging open. I'm not sure if it is because of my revelation or the blurting, convulsive way I made it. "You and Mr. Stone? Wow."

"Don't mention it to him," I say nervously.

"Why? Doesn't he know you're having sex?"

"No! I mean, yes! He knows we are having sex. I just don't know if he wants you to know."

"Oh. But I do know."

"Don't mention it."

"Okay."

"But if he mentions it, don't act shocked about it."

"Okay."

"And don't deny it."

"Are you sure he knows you two are having sex?"

"Shut up!" We both are laughing so hard tears are falling from our eyes. It feels so good to laugh again.

"Lovely ladies on a pretty day. Boy, am I a lucky man or what?" Mark says as he sits down beside me. He reaches under the table and puts his hand on my thigh. The feeling of his strength on my body grounds me. For the first time all day I'm not nervous, tense or giddy.

"Mark, I don't think you've met Janice. She's my assistant at Lynx and my best friend."

"I've talked to you on the phone several times." Mark smiles while Janice appears to be melting. "It's wonderful to meet you. I want to thank you for being so brave. Staying at Lynx while my brother runs amok can't be easy."

"Blake's not as nerve-wracking as Valerie James. Every time she comes in, I get the shivers." Janice leans toward Mark as she talks, opening her body stance. My anthropology professor would have said she was "inviting the mate." "If you ask me, you're the brave one, Mr. Stone."

"Oh, how so?" Mark asks. I reach my leg over and give Janice a good swift kick in the shin under the table. She blinks, but never shows her pain. Good woman.

"For taking on your brother and putting your own position at risk to defend Julia," Janice makes up a good cover. "I'm happy someone has taken an interest in her, ah, helping her! Taken an interest in helping her."

Mark smiles politely. He asks what I'm planning for lunch and browses the menu. We listen to Janice babble on about running the office without me, and how the tension is high when Blake or Kenneth show up to lock themselves in my office, but people actually find excuses to leave the room when Valerie is there. The waiter appears and Mark flags his attention.

"The lady will have Seabass Marichiara with house vinaigrette on the side and a glass of Sorbara Lambrusco, and I will have the shrimp scampi with Mosel Riesling," he says and gestures to Janice for her order. She's so shocked she stumbles through her decisions and I'm not sure she even got what she wanted.

I have to admit that I have never been ordered for since I've become an adult. There's something old fashioned and quaint about it, yet I blush, thinking that Janice is probably about to pass out. Lord knows if Greg had ever tried a stunt like that I would have lectured him until his ears bled. But with Mark, it didn't seem like a "stunt"-he genuinely likes to care for me.

"Why does Valerie keep coming to the office?" Mark asks Janice once the waiter leaves.

"Why does a lioness stalk her prey?" I answer.

"But Lynx isn't prey anymore," Mark responds. "She's already got it. If we can't file a rejoinder with the court in time, it's a done deal."

"Yes, you're right." I agree, looking at his face-so earnest and masculine. I catch Janice out of the corner of my eye still staring at me. I'm sure she's thinking the old me would have argued with him, even though he's right, just to make sure my voice was the dominant one. But I don't need to argue all the time anymore. I really am happier just letting myself be me. "Janice, why is Valerie there?"

"She's looking for something," Janice says, ever guarded. "She spent the first week or so in your office going through every folder, every paper, and every computer file. She would spend hours in front of your computer. Then she started talking to staff, using the notes Blake and Kenneth provided from their 'interviews' with us. She keeps asking what we worked on in the past year, and what we're working on now. She pretends she's just getting info to merge us into Ladies World, but it's clear she's not getting the answer she wants."

"If she was on Julia's computer, she did more than talk to the staff. She's been searching their files," Mark says.

"We figured it out. Well actually, Mark figured it out. When that IT guy from Sandstone came and put that management software on my computer he was actually installing a way for my computer to see every file on staff computers, and a way Blake could interact with our network."

"Oh my gosh," Janice responds. I'm not sure if she's reacting to the idea of Blake being in our system or the fact that I gave Mark credit for the idea. "If Blake can access our network, he can see everything-our emails, our contact lists, and our finances. He would have access to everything!"

"We need to shut the network down," I say reacting to Janice's energy and the thought of Blake Stone's slimy finger rummaging through the files of my company.

Mark shakes his head. "We need to keep it open and get the records of what he's done. We also need to find a way into his system."

"You're right," I say to Mark. "But how do we do that? Can you get your IT guy to come back and change the program? If you can see us, why can't we see you?"

"No, he would complain to Blake that he had to do off site work, and Blake would catch us. If he thinks we have a clue about what he's been doing, he will destroy the evidence. And, with Valerie all over the place, she's sure to notice a change. She's got a good eye for things like that."

"How do you know that?" I ask, completely distracted from the real issue for a moment. His hand squeezes my thigh teasingly.

"Because she's one of our largest properties, remember?" he says nonchalantly. "Does Lynx have its own IT person?"

"Kevin. He's a good kid. Runs the network and the website," I say when I notice Janice shaking her head.

"Kevin's gone. They fired him the same day they fired you. Kenneth said we wouldn't need any more IT help because Ladies World had a whole department for IT."

"They're definitely using the computer for their scheme," Mark confirms.

"Good news is that Kevin got a job with RandC Associates on the next floor. They were looking for a good IT guy. Maybe I can get him to come down when Blake and Company aren't around. I'm sure he'd love to help us get back at those jerks."

The food came and it was delicious. I have good taste in places when someone else is paying the tab. Mark continued with his gentlemanly manners, offering me more wine, picking up my napkin when it fell.

This is actually the first meal we have had in public together. In all the chaos, we skipped the dating and went straight to the heart of the matter. This dating thing is kind of nice, and yet-I keep looking down at his lap as we sit here, imagining myself just leaning over impulsively and taking him in my mouth. When did I start having sex fantasies over lunch?

"So, let's do this. I'll see if I can look around Blake's office and find where he's keeping the records. Janice you have two jobs. Access your network's history page and start printing out every transaction, website, or change that's been made since the transition, and see if you can get your friend Kevin to reverse the backdoor so we can see all of my brother's dirty little deeds."

"What about me?" I ask. "I know I've made a mess of things since this started, but I need to be proactive and be a part of saving Lynx."

"Your job is to figure out what Valerie James is looking for, and give it to her."

"What?" Both Janice and I speak in unison.

"Look, she isn't hanging around Lynx to transition it into her magazine. She has people to do that. She's looking for something you have. A source or a lead or something. The only way to get her hands out of the mix so we can do this safely is to give her what she wants. Do you have anyone or anything you think she might be after?"

"She probably wants the-" Janice began but stopped abruptly, quite possibly because of the sharp pain she felt in her leg from my shoe.

"The T list," I blurted out. "The T list is a collection of people around town... um... everyone from street people to cops to shop owners who give us tips. We get a lot of our exclusives from folks on the T list."

Janice stares at me making it painfully obvious that I'm making this crap up as I go along. But, Mark seems to buy it for now.

"And you don't keep this list in your computer?" he asks.

"No. It's too valuable. Can you imagine what someone would do with our list of secret sources? The only copy is at Janice's house. I don't even keep it at home because I don't want anyone finding it," I babble. Now the crap is really flying. "But, I can't give it to Valerie James. It would cut my heart in two."

Mark looks over at Janice to see if any of this is true, but she has buried her head in her crab lasagna and won't look up. Still, she's not denying it.

"Okay. So Julia, you and Janice go through your 'T-list' and redact any source you can't afford to give up, but don't take all the good stuff out-you need to make it seem legit. Then Janice can tell Valerie when she comes in that she found it in a file and thought Val might need it. That will back her off."

We finish lunch chatting about music, interests and plans for Lynx if we get it back from Blake in time. Mark is cordial, charming and Janice is clearly smitten by him. He pays and excuses himself from the table so he can get back to work and figure out a way into Blake's office.

"What in the world?" Janice asks the minute he is out of hearing range. "You nearly took my leg off!"

"Look, I trust Mark," I start.

"You trust him? You're freaking in love with him, but you don't trust him."

"Take two: I am learning to trust Mark. You know Greg messed me up. Anyway, you and I both know Valerie is looking for the Wall Street story. But I'm not ready to give that up yet. It's the only thing of value that Lynx has left. Mark isn't a journalist. He doesn't get how much difference the right story makes. He would want me to turn it over, and I don't want to argue with him about it."

"Since when?"

"What?"

"Since when do you, Julia Sharp, genius raging editor of Lynx not want to argue with anyone?"

"Look, if we get through this, a lot will change. I want to do things differently. I want Lynx to be a different kind of place. I want to have a different kind of life."

"So, the wildcat of Lynx has been tamed," Janice coos.

"What makes you say that?" I haven't really been with Mark around anyone else and didn't realize the changes in me would show so clearly. Balancing the submissive with the assertive is going to be harder than I thought.

"Julia, for the first time in your whole life since I met you, you look... content."

"I am," I admit. "My dad is dying, my career is in the balance and I am going through hell right now, but I guess I'm more content than I have been in some time."

"Then all I really can say is: don't blow it."

Chapter 14

"Tim Tebow is still working on his passing game," the TV in the next room blares. Thank goodness for inspiration. I write "T-BONE" on my list and make him a street informant who hangs out by the Bronx Cathedral. Then I add "not very accurate" beside the name.

"I don't think you'd like this very much," I say to my sleeping father as I sit besides his bed. I sit with him and work on the fake "T-list" for Janice to give to Valerie James. Like all good parents, he taught me to be honest, fair and giving. I don't think he'd especially care that I'm giving a total fraud to Valerie, but he would be profoundly disappointed I lied to Mark about its existence. Still, I'm actually making one up instead of just telling Janice to drop it.

I look at my silenced phone to see the text light blinking. It's from Mark. Again. I've been avoiding him the past two days. Not because I don't want to see him. I'd love to see him. But, I need to get this lie done with before I'm face to face with him.

"Come over tonight," he writes. I decide I can't put him off forever and answer him.

"Sitting W/Dad. Cnt Lv."

"Has there been a change in his condition?" Mark's too classy for text language, which only makes me want him more.

"No Change. Just 2 Tired."

"Too tired to hear about Lynx?"

"Be there at 9"

I sit with Dad and talk to him a bit longer. There's no response. I tell him I love him, hide the fictional list in my car and head over to Mark's. The ride through traffic, the walk from the parking lot, lying to the attendant, and the service elevator journey leaves me even crankier than I was before.

"I'll be glad when I don't have to be Lucy Conway anymore," I spout, annoyed that I still have to use the cleaning lady's name, as I come off the elevator in his apartment.

"I wouldn't be so quick to give her up," Mark responds with wry humor. "If you don't get Lynx back, you could use the job."

"That's not funny," I pout.

"Neither is ignoring my summons. I needed to speak with you."

"Look, I've already got enough problems in the world without you," I start, my volume rising with every other word. "I'm trying to sit with my father. I've got the clock on Lynx ticking down like a bomb and now I've got you with your expectations, distractions and plans. You need to back off."

"Correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought we had a deal."

"We do, but until I have all this other stuff in the bag you'll have to sit some time out. Our deal is only a deal because I say it is." I stick out my chin like I'm fourteen and he notices. He smiles and nods, clearly indulging my fantasy that I am in some way in charge.

"We'll deal with that temper tantrum in a minute. And trust me when I say: we will deal with it. But in the meantime, I need to tell you what happened with Blake today." Mark motions for me to sit down on the couch.

"Let me guess, you summoned Blake to a meeting and he's decided to give Lynx back to me and we're all going to a picnic on Sunday," I mumble caustically.

"If you insist on acting like a child, we can deal with your attitude now and save the news until later." I realize I am way out of line with him, deal or no.

"I'm sorry," I say truly apologetic. "I'm so full of doubt, guilt and just..."

"That's fine," he soothes. "So, good news or bad news?"

"Good. Please, God, anything that's good."

"I got into the system and found out which IT person Blake sent over to Lynx. As luck would have it, it was Howard. I asked him to write down everything he did for Blake, including uploading a remote desktop connection which lets him into Lynx. I had him sign it in front of my assistant and I locked it in my private safe. So we have that part of the puzzle for the package we file with the judge. That part was easy."

"Are you crazy? He's going to tell Blake and he'll know we're up to something!"

"No, he won't. Let's just say two tickets to the San Diego Comicon that he happened to win for outstanding service to the company, along with airfare and hotel, made him a little forgetful of the events of today."

"So you bribed him?"

"I said it was easy. I didn't say it was cheap."

"And the bad news?" I fear to ask. I'm relieved Mark got the kid to confess and put it in writing, but lately I've developed "second shoe syndrome" where I expect something bad to happen at any time.

"Today at work I had a little run-in with Blake. I was trying to get into his office and see if he had a hard copy of the records of his transactions. He does, but I had to leave before I could get it."

"Won't he move it now that you've seen it? Or shred it?"

"I don't think he knows that's what I was in there for. I waited until he went out to lunch. I saw Valerie's car in the lot so I knew he'd be gone for some time."

"Valerie James? He has lunch with her?"

"Well, it's not in the nature of the Stone family to kiss and tell, but, of all the assets we're involved in, she's the one who gets the most personal attention or with whom he... ah... makes the 'deposits'. Anyway with those two at lunch, it gave me time. I called a nearby florist and had them bring over a dozen roses from a secret admirer to Rona, Blake's' assistant. I figured she would be so curious and awestruck she would stay downstairs long enough for me to look around."

"So, Valerie and Blake, sitting in a tree. F-U-C-K-I-"

"That's enough! Anyway, I got in there and the place is a wreck. How he even manages to make evil schemes work is beyond me. Papers everywhere! Then I realized he wouldn't hide something as private as this where anyone could find it. I remembered when we were kids, Blake went through a brief and odd sort of kleptomania as a child."

"So he's been stealing people's things for a long time?"

"No, not things, exactly. Pictures. As a small child he would take people's pictures from their homes or school or whatever. If someone had a picture sitting in a drawer or in a frame easily opened he would nab it and hide it. He would always keep them behind the bookshelf in his room. He would pull out the books, put the pictures against the back of the shelf, and replace the books. It was the perfect hiding place."

"Not if you knew about it," I scoffed.

"I found out by accident. We were wrestling and tussling around. Our mother came in to tell us to stop and right as she was walking the door I lost balance and fell into the bookshelf, knocking it over and all the pictures came out. There were so many. Some showed people my mother didn't even know."

"Okay, you know this story just moved your brother from the evil bastard category to the totally psycho group?"

"It wasn't really that odd. All the pictures showed smiling adults and families doing happy things. Some were magazine clippings and advertisements. Our parents were busy, stoic and somewhat jaded. I think Blake was trying to steal a little happiness and once he got caught, it never happened again. But, he continued to use the back of the bookshelf to hide things. Porn, condoms, report cards - anything that needed to be kept private."

"So he's stealing my happiness, so he can get laid by Valerie James?"

"No, I think he's getting that already. But I did discover a folder, behind a set of tax law books, that has ledgers, printouts and things. I'm sure it's Lynx. I thumbed through it but before I could get all the books out to get it, Rona was back. I guess she's getting a divorce and assumed the flowers were from her soon-to-be ex. Instead of trying to get the name out of the florist, she threw a fit, shredded the roses in front of him and told him to tell the jerk he could 'sit on the thorns'. Then she rushed back upstairs so I had to leave the folder where it was."

"Did she figure out what you were doing there?"

"No, I told her I needed a transfer document and couldn't find it in Blake's mess. Later he came into my office and asked why I was rooting around his desk. I told him I needed a transfer document to wrap up a file, and mentioned that with the new regulations we should go over all recent transfers, including Lynx, to make sure everything was audited and right. He got pissy and said 'Of course everything is right!' and stomped out of the office."

"Well, good. I have the T-list for Valerie. I'll give it to Janice and she can turn it over, although I can't imagine why she would want a source list so bad."

"She doesn't," he replies confidently and stands, holding out his hand. I rise and take it as he walks me to the "playroom" we used before. There's just a box of Kleenex and a hairbrush.

"Then why am I giving it to her?" I ask nervously as he sits on the bed and pats the mattress for me to sit down too.

"Because you aren't willing to give her whatever you have that she really wants. You're no better a liar than Blake is, my dear. I know you're hiding something from Valerie, and you're hiding it from me too. I don't know what it is, or care. But we need to give her something."

"Mark, I'm not..." I look in his eyes, so beautiful, so solid. I can't lie to him. "I'm not ready to tell you what it is. I'm not ready to let it go. It's not you, really, it's just that-"

"Don't worry about it. That's not why we're here anyway."

I look around the room again and point out the large wooden hairbrush on the dresser.

"We're here to change hairstyles?" I ask jokingly. He laughs, thank goodness.

"We're here to change lifestyles, or at least how you deal with life." His voice is stern again.

"With a hairbrush? How on earth are-" A blinding picture flashes through my imagination. The Kleenex, the hairbrush, the bed. "Oh, no, you're not serious."

"This time, I'm very serious," Mark says as he rolls up his shirt sleeve, one and then the other. He adjusts his position on the bed and looks at me with a slight grin.

"You're going to spank me? With a hairbrush? Like a little kid getting punished?" I can't tell if I'm giggling because this is so silly or trembling because I'm a little scared but my voice is shaking.

"I'm going to spank you, with my hands, and then maybe the brush, like you are a grown woman who needs some release. You bottle everything up inside you, Julia. Your fear, your doubt, your guilt. This is one of the quickest and best ways I know to strip off the armor and get to the soul of the problem."

"Mark, I know I've been a bitch lately, but really," I begin but I know the look in his eyes, it's the 'I'm patiently waiting for you to stop talking so we can go on' look.

"I can't promise you'll like it. But what I can promise is that when I'm done you'll have one red backside and one happy inside because you're going to cry out all the stuff that's blocking you from thinking, laughing and loving."

"And if I don't feel happy and joyous after your little spanking fiasco is done?"

"Then I'll happily refund your money, and enjoy your red backside anyway," he says with a wink and a sexy smile. "Look, Julia, this can be 'win-win' or it can just be 'I win' but, either way, you're getting a spanking. Now stand over there and pull your pants off. You can leave the rest on for now."

I feel like such a fool. Standing here in front of Mark, with his sleeves rolled up in a very no-nonsense fashion. My parents didn't believe in spanking and I was raised in the era when it had been voted out of schools. I had to do extra chores or be grounded a few times, but I've never had anything like this. So here I am, a grown woman, about to go through a silly childhood ritual.

Mark instructs me to lie over his lap. He puts a pillow on his legs so it raises my bottom slightly in the air. I put my head down on the bed and stare at the wall. Maybe if I act entirely uninterested in this nonsense, he will cut this short and we can get down to some lovin'.

He begins by rubbing my bottom in circles, my mound instantly alive at his touch. He rubs and grasps my rear, even leaning over and giving one of my cheeks a little kiss. His hand slips underneath my panties and I feel his finger flit against my lips. Then his left arm goes around my waist and his right hand gives my rear a series of short swats. They pop against my skin like little jolts. Not entirely unpleasant at all. After a couple of volleys, he rubs me again and I feel some warmth rising on my pinkish globes.

"This is just the warm up. Warming you up slowly will help you endure when the real challenge begins."

"We could just stop here," I joke, and earn another volley of short smacks on my rear. Then his hands continue rubbing and press against me. I wish I would have volunteered to take my panties off, because my wetness is sure to be apparent any moment. He shifts his legs under me, raising my bottom a little higher and gives me about twenty quick smacks, one right after the other. I feel the heat rising on my globes.

"Deep transformation," he says as he is rubbing my warmed rear and running his fingers under the waistband of my panties, "takes time and you must remove your outside shell to release what's hidden in your soul."

Mark slowly pulls my panties down. I feel the cooling sensation of the air on my rear and it gives me delicious goose bumps. At the same time, I feel him peeling off my defenses, cutting through my hard-ass demeanor and exposing me.

"Sometimes," Mark continues, speaking slowly and deliberately, as if to a child. "We need someone else to remove that shell for us."

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

Mark starts spanking me harder, his hand unrelenting, the warmness I felt before is turning into a consistent hot presence. I put my head down and try to endure. I'm not going to end up like some kicking screaming three-year-old no matter how much he thinks that should happen. I steel myself and grit my teeth but the stinging hits just keep coming and coming.

I discover I am moving back and forth across his lap, subconsciously trying to dodge his hand even though it seems to hit the target every time. This last volley is hard and sharp, the pain and heat radiating from my behind throughout my whole body. My legs give in and start kicking back and forth in the air. He pauses for a moment to let me catch my breath while he rubs my sore behind in a soothing, arousing manner. Then, just when I am ready for him to turn me over and take me, the spanking starts again.

"How long do we have to do this," I sputter between spanks. My gosh, why isn't his hand ready to fall off? My bottom is becoming an inferno and he's still smacking it.

"Until you're finished," he replies, giving me three good hard smacks on each cheek making me lurch forward. Amazingly, I purposely slide myself back on his lap and lift my bottom for him to continue.

"Am I somewhere near done?" I ask over some smacks, each word revealing the strain in my voice as I try not to let it show this is getting to me. "I feel pretty roasted."

"Oh trust me, Julia," Mark says cordially then lays another eight or ten wallops right on the soft spot. "When you're done, you'll know. We'll both know."

He stops for a second and gives me more mercy rubbing, his hand managing to wander into my cleft and feel the wetness there as well. He leans over and picks up the wooden hair brush from the nightstand. Taking some Kleenex out of the box, he places them near my hands.

"No, please," I whimper. I already have a painful stinging blaze back there and I can't imagine the unforgiving flat surface of that brush is going to make it feel better. He just pats my rump.

"This will speed things up a bit," he says in a soft kind voice. I want to sit in his lap and hug him. "The best I advice I can give you is to feel it, and then when you're ready, let it go. Let everything go."

I have no idea what that really means. He starts with small little pops on each cheek and I can already feel the difference. The swats increase, faster and harder. I give up trying to control my bottom or legs; they are both swinging and moving. I grip the bedspread and put my head down, feeling the first tears start to form. I can't fight this anymore; I let them roll down my cheek gasping as the fire burns.

This is so embarrassing. At my age, lying over a man's lap having my bare bottom spanked with a hairbrush like a small child. But, this is par for the course. I've been embarrassed about a lot of my behavior lately-screaming at Blake, lying to Mark, mistreating employees, ignoring my dad to get more articles by deadline, pushing myself to the point of exhaustion and pushing away anyone who couldn't keep up with my pace. I've been such a bitch to so many people for so long.

Mark somehow senses my introspection. No more mercy rubs, he starts wailing away with that brush hitting the same spot over and over. My bottom is bouncing off his lap and I hear a sound, a wail before I realize it is coming out of me.

All the times I took people for granted. All the ways I fought and pushed against my mom and then she was gone. She was gone and I hadn't even said goodbye. And now, what did I do with my dad? I put him in the specialty center and threw as much money as I could at it to save his life but I spent all my time at Lynx. It was all about me, my career, and my stubborn selfish way.

My sobbing grows loud as gobs of snot and tears run down my face. I don't even bother with the Kleenex because the boiling on my bottom has released a flood out of me. Again and again that brush comes down and so many images start flooding my mind and I remember what Mark said. I stop fighting them and let them go, grasping, screaming and convulsing over his lap.

I think of my dad and all the times I put him off, and Greg. Greg cheated on me and I was right to break off the engagement. But I also treated him like a coin I could carry in my pocket. Everything in our relationship rotated around me, around my career. We ate at places I wanted to review. We saw movies of issues I wanted to write about. Me, me, me. And when he didn't please me or when he needed me to please him-I was unavailable. I didn't make him cheat but I sure as hell didn't encourage him to stay.

As a writer, I have used the word "breakthrough" my entire career, but I never had any idea what that word really meant until this minute. I feel the pain, the grief, the regret and the pressure building inside of me. Under this relentless barrage of feelings, I emotionally explode over Mark's lap. My sobs soak the bedspread. I let out a long howl that carries all the sound of all my pain. I go on in this state of suspended animation, crying and out of control, my body bouncing on the bed as I drive my fists down over and over into the mattress.

I feel something lifting me, almost like an angel, and the solidness of Mark's arms as he puts my head on his chest and lets me cry into him. I slowly regain my ability to breathe and speak normally.

"You're not spanking me anymore?" I say, unsure how he got from under me to holding me so quickly.

"I quit about ten minutes ago. This has all been you."

"I... I... "

"Shhh," he consoles me. He whispers softly, "You did well, Julia. You did so well."

I stay there in his arms for a while feeling spent, empty. Then longing takes the place of the pain and I begin kissing him. First I plant small kisses on his chest and then lean up to kiss him, my hand reaching down to find his member and rub it through his pants.

"I need you," I say urgently. Suddenly the fire from my behind has moved between my legs and tripled.

"I'm here," he says, still in his soothing, consoling tone.

"I need you in me," I growl seductively. He smiles and begins to undo his pants, eventually standing up to remove them, knowing every second without his touch was like torture. I confessed, "I feel so empty."

"You've just lost a lot of emotional weight," he advises as he gets back into bed. I turned over to embrace him and land on my red, sore rear. He rubs my bottom and then turns me to the side. Kissing me and running his c**k up and down the inside of my lips, he can see me trying to draw him into my body.

"Please," I say again, kissing him deeply.

"There's no way to do this that isn't going to feel like I'm spanking you again," he tells me, trying to gently enter.

"Then spank me, spank me hard and fast and... oh... just... do it!" I laugh, wrapping my arms around him. With that, he plunges into me like a wild caged animal, his c**k diving into my ready and needing center. He pushes and surges in me, the spanking having prolonged his arousal as well.

At first his thrusts are measured, a gentle push in and quick pull out. But his lust overcomes his concern and soon his balls are slapping against my red backside. I remember the secure feeling of being over his lap, the thrusts repeating that experience only so much more intense and internal. My body grips and pulls at him urging him on, wanting him all the way in me.

His hand leaves my hip and travels between us, finding my clit and massaging it in rhythm with his thrusts. Suddenly every nerve ending in my body is unquenchable and overwhelmed at the same time. I move my hips with him, pulling and slamming my body down on him and the tension builds in my body. Soon I am ready and I dig my fingers into his back, letting go again.

This time it is pure pleasure instead of tears. I seem to be floating underneath him, awash in a sort of thick cloud of bliss when I feel his body tighten and his load fill me inside. I attempt to turn over, but as soon as the covers hit my bottom, I know it's not the best idea.

"Lay on your tummy." He gets some lotion and rubs it in, soothing and comforting me. He starts telling me about how I will feel better tomorrow and the sting won't last and some other thing but I don't really hear it. My muscles are loose, my body is well used and my soul feels clean and free. For the first time in years, I fall into a deep, satisfying sleep.

Chapter 15

"Dad, I'm here," I say as soon as my father's eyes open slightly. He smiles. It is like natural sunlight to my soul. I smile back with the widest grin imaginable. "I'm having a great day."

I see his mouth move and think he is saying, "Good." It's hard to tell. They think the cancer may have spread to his brain or affected his language center. I'm not sure. What I am sure about is that since the night of my "release" session over Mark's lap, I feel so much better and Dad has been more awake and happy as well.

I've kept busy the past few days. Janice got Kevin to agree to go to the office last night and work on setting up the reverse connection that will let us get the records from Blake, Mark has been working on the rejoinder and getting things in order, and I've been collecting a timeline and all the evidence I have about the scope of events and payments at Lynx. I can't wait for Janice to call tonight and tell me what she discovered and what evidence she was able to get today.

"Mark's doing great, Dad," I tell him as his eyes begin to close again. I shift and feel just a slight twinge on my bottom, the memory of my safety and vulnerability over his lap filling me with peace once more. "I'm falling for him in a major way. It could be something serious someday. So don't worry about me anymore. I'm going to be okay."

"I love you," he mouths to me. It's the one phrase that's easy to tell.

"I love you too, Daddy," I say back loudly. When he falls asleep, I head home and start making myself a salad. I keep checking my phone to see if it's on because Janice should have called by now. In fact, they were supposed to check out the system last night-so an update is really overdue. I haven't heard much from Mark either. I begin to pace. I know my need to be in control has to change, but right now the silence is killing me.

I give up and call Janice. She answers on the first ring.

"I was just about to call you," she says without bothering to say hello.

"I'm going crazy! What's the hold-up?"

"I just needed to sit down for a minute and have a drink. Calling you was next on my list."

"Drink? List? What's going on? What did Kevin find out?"

"Well," Janice begins. I feel the hesitation in her voice. Something's wrong.

"If you tell me 'there's good news and bad news,' I'm going to jump off a bridge!" I'm so tired of everyone tiptoeing around things.

"Okay, I won't. There's only bad news."

"What?"

"Kevin spent hours on the system last night. He says there's no way to set up a reverse. Apparently the network has a tripwire automatic responder code in the registry."

"I don't speak geek."

"Me neither." She laughs. "I'm reading this from a post-it note. He had to write it down. Anyway, what it means is that if we make any changes to the network, a signal goes straight to Blake. Kevin was able to print-screen the software and registry codes that prove Blake has our system feeding into his, but that was all Kevin could do."

"So, we can't get Blake's transaction records? That is bad news."

"It gets worse."

"How could it possibly get worse?" I'm not sure I really want to know the answer, but I have to get a clear picture of what's happening with Lynx.

"Today was our last day at Lynx."

My heart sinks to my stomach which is turning into a huge knot. Did we mistake the deadline? Is it done? My life's investment is gone? This can't be happening. I've been through so much and worked so hard.

"What do you mean it's your last day? I still have a week left to file a rejoinder. Mark is working his ass off to get the legal documents ready!"

"Blake called a meeting for ten minutes to five tonight. Valerie James was there as well. I gave her the T-list but I don't think she bought it. She took one look at it, shrugged and put it in her folder."

"Get back to the meeting, what happened?" Jeez, how I hate being so separated from the action.

"So Blake the Snake and Valerie James are standing there and they call us together and say they are proud to announce the future of Lynx. They say because of our lease on the building, the office is staying where it is, and there will be a new section editor moving into your office."

"Section editor? Why would Lynx need a section editor unless..." I start to realize what's going to happen to my baby. "Oh god, Janice."

"Yep, starting in two weeks Lynx is going to be renamed 'The Source' and be the investigative section of Ladies World. She wants to print one big and several small articles a month with Lynx's 'signature style'. She gave everyone a big speech about welcoming us to the staff of Ladies World's newest and most exciting venture."

"The Source? Where did she get that? The back of a bar napkin? We've got to stop this."

"Wait, it's worse. Blake says they're going to publicly reveal the change next week after Lynx is legally a part of Ladies World, but as a reward for our hard work and to help them make the transition, everyone at the magazine-the custodian, reporters, interns, and me-are being give two weeks off with pay. We were told that when we left tonight, doors will be closed, locks will be changed, and a whole new computer system, logo and everything will be put in."

"He's shutting the place down, and pushing everyone out. He doesn't want to risk anyone getting information in or out until after my time to file is over."

"Seems that way, Julia. I'm sorry. I'm not 'on the inside' anymore. There is no inside. But, if you or Mark find a way, I can help. Let me know. I talked to the staff. Everyone agreed to wait until it's really true and the time to file is over, and then most plan to quit."

"I gotta go," I say, my voice trembling as the first tears start to form. I hang up without even a goodbye. Janice will understand. I sit down on the couch and stare at the stacks of documents from the lawyer. It's over. It's really over. My job. My pride. My Lynx. It's all gone.

I pick up my keys in a haze and head to the car. Mark needs to know what's happened, and I need to be to be held by Mark.

~~~

While driving to Mark's, my mind shakes out of its haze and anger takes the place of shock. Why would Blake shut down and lock everyone out? He must have been tipped off. We still have a week before the filing deadline and that's a lot of time to work. But how did he know? My mind instantly goes to Mark. Maybe's he's been stringing me on all along. But, I can't think that, and I don't want to believe it's true.

"Miss Conway?" the doorman asks, wondering why the cleaning woman is showing up at nine o'clock at night.

"Mr. Stone called for me to come. Apparently he made quite a mess in the kitchen and now isn't sure how to clean the specialty stove up without scratching it. Can you believe that crap? I'm like 'Really, Mr. Stone?" But you know how it is with these folks." I hope the lie is enough not to cause suspicion. I'm so mad about Blake I don't even really have to act upset. And since I doubt we're going to save Lynx anyway, what do I have left to lose.

I step off the elevator and see Mark lying on the couch with the TV on mute talking on the phone. He jumps up when I see him like he's been caught with his hand down his pants.

"You won't f**king believe this!" I shout.

"HEY! Julia. Wow. What... um... what are you doing here?" He puts his hand over the receiver. "I need to let you go. Someone's on the other line. No, no... I will talk to you later." Mark gets off the phone and runs around the couch to where I'm standing.

"Who was that?" I demand as if it is any of my business. He puts his hand on his hip, clearly agitated by my unexpected presence.

"You should call, Julia," he says severely. "I might actually have other interests besides you. Lynx might have run your whole life but it doesn't run mine."

"Oh, I'm an interest? Is that all I am?" I need to calm down. This isn't a good way to start this discussion.

"No, of course not." He sits down. "But this is my home, and I do have other things besides Lynx to handle. Now tell me why you're here."

"You won't have to worry about handling Lynx very much longer," I say glumly. I start to hold back the tears, but I also remember the lesson of the spanking. Holding things in is what got me to this point. My voice quakes and a tear starts to fall.

"What's happened?" he asks gently.

I explain all that Janice told me. The tripwire thing, the shutting everyone out, and the section of Ladies World all add building blocks to the huge stone wall between us and our goal. He nods as he listens and then gets up to think.

"I didn't know what to do when I heard it. I started blaming you in my head."

"Me? I didn't have anything to do with this." He chuckles, shaking his head. The tone of his voice sets me off again. It's like he's saying, "Julia, you idiot."

"Of course you did, Mark. Someone tipped off Blake that we were looking. Maybe your little fiasco in his office was not as smooth as you thought. Maybe Valerie James found out you were snooping through her company's files at work. Maybe your IT person gave Blake a freaking full account of you interviewing him about the program. You act like you're so perfect but more and more I'm starting to see this as your f**kup. You just don't want to admit it."

"This wasn't my f**kup." His jaw locks, and his posture clearly shows his unhappiness even though his tone retains the same volume and control. "This is just an unexpected turn of events and we will overcome it."

"Well, if it wasn't a mistake, maybe it was on purpose. Maybe you've been working with Blake all along and this whole thing was just to keep me busy and waste my time until the month had passed."

BAM! He slams his hand on the coffee table and I jump.

"I have had it, Julia. I'm done. I'm done with you. I'm done with Lynx. I'm done. Go figure this out yourself, and good luck to you." He points at the door. "And be aware tomorrow I am telling the doorman that Lucy Conway was fired!"

"Wait," I say, stunned by his reaction and realizing I've been a lot less than grateful or giving to Mark. "I'm sorry. Don't give up on me, Mark. I need you. I need you to help me with Lynx. I need you to help me... well... with me."

"I'm sorry, too. I don't mean to threaten. I just..." He shakes his head and lets out a big sigh. His eyes are so beautiful, and sad. "I am tired of being accused every time something doesn't go your way. I know trust is a huge issue, but you've got to get around it. I'm not helping Blake or Val and I don't ever intend to betray you to them. I don't control the world, Julia. I just control how I respond to it."

"I know, I know." I nod in agreement. He's right, of course. "But now, more than ever, we need a response."

I turn and lean back as he puts his arms around me. I regain my sense of security, comfort, and hope in his embrace. He hugs me tightly and starts ruminating quietly about the situation.

"I've got my own notes from when Lynx was my account, the affidavit from Howard, Janice's print-out from your IT guy, the bank records I snagged from Intrend, the info from Val's office and some memo's-"

"Intrend? Memo's? What are you talking about?"

"I've been doing a little more than sitting on my hands and planning your retirement from journalism, Julia. I've had investigators doing a lot of extra chores." He squints his eyes just enough to tell me that's all the info I am getting about that.

"Is it enough?"

"If it's all we have, we'll use it and try. But, it's all circumstantial. The judge might give you an extension but the moment we ask for it, Blake will burn those records. He's only keeping them now so he knows how to lie and not get caught. He has to know what he did in order to know how to frame it. We need to get that folder."

Mark hugs me tighter, his hands running up and down my arms.

"We need to get in Blake's office and we're running out of time. The good news is the closer the deadline gets, the cockier Blake gets. Still, if he's closing down Lynx, you can bet he isn't going to let anyone waltz around through his office-especially me."

Suddenly, he blinks and smiles. He has an idea, I can tell. But I'm in no way prepared for what comes out of his mouth next.

"Do you trust me?"

"Um... of course, I... well... " I struggle and realize submission means giving him my honesty, not just my body. "I'm trying to trust you. I trust you most of the time."

"But, you're open to trusting me?"

"Yes," I laugh with one of those maniacal giggles that says I no longer have any idea what we're talking about.

"How well do you deal with pain?"

"What?"

"Not the bang your head on the counter pain or I just lost my best friend pain, but pain that leads to something better. How well can you endure something if you know it leads to something else? Would you accept pain if you trusted the person giving it to you? Could you trust them not to hurt you?"

"I don't know. I don't like pain so I avoid it, like most people." I struggle to answer because I'm trying to figure out where this is coming from, and where it's going. It went the last place I expected.

"I want us to have anal sex."

"Are you crazy? NO!" I say standing up. "As usual, I'm dealing with the worst crisis in my professional life and you're thinking with your dick. Typical man!"

"Hear me out." He rises and takes my hand, pulling me toward the playroom we've used before. "Sometimes we have to put ourselves in a position that's painful, that's humiliating, or that we fear. But after we go through it, we get what we need in the end. If we can get through that position with someone we trust, it makes it easier with someone we don't."

I allow Mark to walk me into the room and sit on the bed. No hairbrush. Thank goodness.

"Look, Mark," I say matter-of-factly. "I'm not having anal sex with someone I trust, someone I don't, or anyone else, because I'm not doing that with anyone ever! Never did it, never going to. Case closed."

"Why?"

"Because, no. I've reached my limit."

"Why is it a limit? Look Julia, I'm not going to force you. I'm not going to abandon you. But let's just talk. Why won't you have anal sex?"

"Because it hurts."

"How do you know it hurts? You just said you never had it." He sits up straight, clearly in rational mode. I'm leaning back against the headboard trying to work up a good answer to an honest question.

"Everyone knows it hurts. It's common knowledge. Sun starts in the East, water is wet, anal sex hurts."

"But what does it feel like after the hurt?"

"I... I don't know," I confess. "I've never really thought past the hurt."

"That's exactly what I'm getting at, Julia. I think I know a way to get you to trust me. But in order to do it, you're going to have to get past the hurt. You're going to suffer the pain, but you're going to have to keep going because the reward is so much better. You need to trust me enough to know I wouldn't hurt you, even when there's some present pain. You've got to trust me past the hurt."

I want to trust him. God knows I do. I consider what he's saying and it makes a lot of sense. Still, I'm terrified by the prospect of this. I've never been this open, this intimate with anyone. Can I really do it with him?

"And," he adds, "If you can learn to get through the hurt because of the rewards-I think I know how we can get that folder out of Blake's office."

"Look." I raise my hands in surrender. "I know he's an ass**le, but I really can't think about Blake and having anal sex with you at the same time. It's really too much."

Mark laughs and kisses me gently.

"Then let's leave Blake out of it for now, and work on that trust."

I sigh and nod, more to feel his body against mine again than an urgent desire to test the limits of my trust of Mark. We undress in a slow and luxurious manner, with Mark kissing and caressing me as our clothes come off. He reaches down, rubbing my mound and getting me aroused. His lips pulling at mine and his hands over my body send shivers throughout my entire being.

I rub his c**k and lean down to take it in my mouth, my lips pursing on his head, sucking with purpose and passion, hoping to bring him to such a quick place of pleasure he'll forget all about this 'plan' for the night. He leans back allowing me to take more and more of him in. I feel him growing inside my wet, warm, welcoming mouth. Then he gently lifts my chin.

"That was beautiful," he says sincerely. "Now I want you to let me guide you. I want you to trust me."

My body trembles, and I bite my lower lip. I have no idea what to expect. I nod my head yes.

Mark guides me onto my stomach, lifting my hips slightly. He rubs my br**sts and kisses the back of my neck, at one point letting his tongue lick all the way down my spine. He massages my bu**ocks and runs his finger up the sensitive tissue toward my small virgin hole. I jump a bit the first time his finger runs across it.

He opens the drawer of the nightstand and brings out a bottle of lubricant. I hear the cap snap open but don't feel any on me. Then I feel his wet finger once again rubbing at my anus.

"Try to relax. This part isn't going to hurt," he coos as his lubricated finger presses against me.

"Is this a medical exam or sex?" I try to joke, hoping to ease the tension. I feel his finger enter me, and my body gives way. He rubs the inside of my opening with lube and takes a long time, allowing me to become used to the sensation.

"It's trust, Julia. It's trust." He squeezes more lubricant out and soon his finger is joined by a second. My body spasms slightly, the stretching needed to fit both in. He continues exploring and moving in me and I understand what he was trying to say. After the discomfort of the unfamiliar presence, my body is responding to the feeling of him in me. I begin to move my hips, enjoying the sensation of my body rubbing against his fingers.

I'm doing this. I'm actually doing this. I'm overwhelmed by the physical sensation and the emotional reality of how vulnerable I truly am at this moment. He withdraws his fingers slowly, dripping some more lube in my hole.

He leans his body over me, kissing and nuzzling me again. His hands grip my hips as I feel the head of his well lubed shaft press against me. There is just a slight pressure pushing on me.

"Are you ready?" he asks sweetly. I know in my heart if I asked him to stop, he would. I also know if I did that, I would spend the rest of my life wondering what I had passed on. I nod. "You're going to feel a stretch, like a cramp, and it will hurt a bit. Just try to relax. The pain passes quickly, but the pleasure's just beginning."

I feel him guiding himself into my small opening. He moves slowly, just inching his head into me. I groan aloud as I experience the first cramp pull through my entire backside. My breath comes out in small huffs and tears fill the corners of my eyes. I'm just about to say stop when there is a sort of "pop" and he's inside me.

At this point, my mind takes over where my body has left off. I'm so overwhelmed by the intimacy and reality of this connection. He is taking my body in a way it has never been before, and I am opening to him a part I've never even considered. The pain subsides, going from a harsh cramp to a slight pulling as he inches further into me.

He begins to pump in tiny strokes, edging back and forth inside my body. The pain is gone and I feel amazing. The sensation of the friction between us providing a kind of internal warmth as he continues moving, back and forth, massaging my insides with his cock. I allow my hips to sway with him, enjoying the sensations.

We are truly one. I am an extension of him, connected and moving together. Making love to one another in a soul encapsulating way. He reaches around finding my already swollen and aching clit and begins to rub it in small circles in rhythm with his thrusts. I bury my head in the pillow and shut my mind off, feeling my body be totally, wonderfully used.

Soon I am breathing heavily and feeling myself climb again to the height of my pleasure, my clit actually aching from his attention, my bottom feeling him push against my cheeks as he prepares to explode so deep within me. I let myself climb as high as I can then suddenly without any more build up I let go, the orgasm tearing through me. I feel it inside me, around me, searing at my soul as my body begins its uncontrollable shaking, creating more gripping tension on his cock.

He lets out a pained, forceful groan that lingers in the air as he explodes deep inside me. The feeling of his cum in my tight body is unlike anything I have known. My body stretches to allow his withdrawal and he collapses on top of me. I feel the sweat from his forehead against my back.

I turn to the side, my tight hole now feeling the loss of him and puckering with the desire to have him back, creating a second level of sensation as pleasurable in this moment as it was painful in the first.

"You did it," he says kissing me and wrapping his body around me like a protective shield. "You were amazing."

"That whole thing was amazing," I gasp. "I never would have guessed. I never would have known."

"I hope it wasn't too bad."

"It was perfect." I snuggle against his chest enjoying silence in the afterglow.

Eventually, I rise and clean up, get dressed, and find myself in front of the elevator. My head so buzzy, and my insides a tad bit sore, I don't remember to ask him what the plan for Blake's office might be.

"You aren't really firing Lucy, are you?"

"After tonight?" he says with a smile. "I think she can have a contract extension. Hopefully after next week, you can come through the front door."

I remember my Dad's nurse, talking about what's important to know about living and dying. I realize it is time for me to make the best of the life I have.

"I think I'm falling in love with you, Mark Stone." I can't believe those words just came out of my mouth. Like the rest of this evening, they were totally unplanned.

"I'm already there, Julia Sharp." He kisses me deeply one last time.

I'm not entirely sure how I got home. My car ended up in my parking space at my apartment but I don't remember a single street corner or red light. It is as if I simply floated down the avenue toward my place.

Chapter 16

Waking up the next morning, I'm still in awe and reliving our experience and the words I said last night. My doorbells rings and I practically fall over the couch running to get it. When I open the door, no one is there but a manila envelope has been taped to it. It wouldn't be Janice dropping off the screenshots because she would stay. So, it must be something from Mark.

I sit on the couch opening the envelope carefully thinking it may be a note or a poem, or even just the plan for getting the proof out of Blake's office. I feel the heavy card stock against my fingers and realize it is a series of glossy pictures. Pulling a stack out of the envelope, I flip through them several times before my mind can really register what my eyes are seeing.

Mark on his couch making love to a woman.

Mark by a pool with a woman on her knees sucking his cock.

Mark with a woman bent over his lap. He's spanking her with a paddle. She's wearing a collar.

Mark with a woman, bent over the bar, taking her from behind.

Over and over I look at these shots of Mark f**king this woman in every way he has also made love to me. Finally, it hits me. I clutch my heart because I feel like I have just been stabbed.

I recognize the one thing that is worse than seeing the pictures, worse than the fact I just opened my most intimate self to him, and worse than knowing I just revealed my heart to him and told him I love him.

The woman in the pictures is Valerie James.

Chapter 17

"Son of a bitch!" I shout, throwing the pictures down on the table as if they burn my fingers. Truth is, they are burning my eyes and incinerating my heart. Mark and Valerie? Under my nose? Behind my back? In front of my face? How can this be happening?

My mind snaps back and forth so quickly I'm worried I might get the bends. One minute I'm reveling in the joy of breaking down the walls that have held my passion in check for so long and the next I am cast into the cold light of this ugly reality. I turn away from the table and walk to the window hoping to see some sun, or smog, or children playing or an old woman getting mugged-anything but those pictures. Then, before I get halfway across the room, I go back and look at them. Mark and Valerie James making love, his hands on her hips, his c**k in her mouth, her playful, disgusting smile and his deep beautiful eyes looking at her-the way I thought he only looked at me.

Am I mad because he's the jerk who used me or am I mad because I'm the fool who loved him for it?

My mind reels with possible scenarios as to what is really happening. However, it's about to take a holiday because the numbness of the shock is wearing off and pure, raw emotional energy is taking its place. Like a generator that has reached critical mass, I fume and throw things. I walk around in circles alternating between cursing Mark and berating myself for falling into this scheme.

The table, still filled with the paperwork for my rejoinder, my father's medical bills, and old resumes I'm trying to update in case the worst should happen, serves as a reminder that the worst most definitely has happened.

"You son of a bitch!" I say again, pushing everything off in a flurry. Files and documents fly across the room. "Your brother stole my company, his lawyer stole my money and you, you, stole my love. I have nothing. Nothing!"

Silent and unmoving, the table refuses to comfort me or refute my charge. In fact, fighting with the table proves to be a completely unsatisfying experience. But I know what wouldn't leave me empty and cold. Marching into Mark's pristine office and throwing some of his files around. As prissy as he is about his paperwork, he'll probably collapse and then when he's down on the floor collecting his precious accounts and transaction ledgers, I'll kick him right in the balls.

The plan makes every kind of sense in the world to me. I rush to get dressed, choosing a pair of black jeans, leather boots and a T-shirt. I'm in a shit kicking mood and I know just the piece of shit who has it coming. I grab my purse and begin a whirlwind tour of my apartment playing the "where did I toss my keys last night?" game.

Last night. What a difference a day makes. Last night I was a sane, settled woman who confessed my love to a man and meant it. I thanked him for bringing warmth and necessary changes into my life and envisioned our paths growing in hope and goodness. Last night I was Julia Sharp. Today, I'm Pissed Off Julia, Queen of the Damned.

"Wait," Mark's voice called from somewhere deep inside my psyche. "Wait and think."

He's right. How cruel a fate is that? Even when he has wronged me, he's right. I am Julia Sharp, not Miss Shark. I am smart, together, and in charge of my world. I don't run around half-cocked shouting and acting the jackass just because I'm not getting my way. All this month I've been on the rollercoaster of my emotions, learning self-respect and self-control, and this is the test. Not Mark's test, my test. If I can take this betrayal and scrape some kind of good from the bottom of my broken heart, I can conquer anything.

I put down my purse and sit on the couch, collecting the pictures back into the envelope. I can't go charging into Sandstone Ventures and make a scene. I've already been humiliated once in that office, and Blake has that restraining order against me. I probably shouldn't even make a call. It would be traced, catalogued and I'd be before the judge in time for lunch.

Taking a deep breath, I try to focus as the first tears begin to fall. I think of Mark, his sense of humor, and warm gentle touch. The way he holds me after sex, nurturing and replenishing my energy. The rough and confident thrusts he makes in my body, taking me as an entitled being-raw sex and real power put together. The caring way he cooks, and teaches. I can stare at him for hours and feel nothing but peace and anticipation of the next time our bodies merge into a surging, consuming wave.

I love him.

The small flowing tears turn to big, heart wrenching, throat clogging sobs. I loved him, and the whole time I was loving him, I was loving a lie.

When I'm able to breathe, I pick up my phone and call Mark's cell.

"Hi, this is Mark," he says cordially. Does he answer the phone like that when it's Valerie? I know I'm distracted. Everything I think comes right back to her.

"I need to see you, right away. Right now."

"It's not a good time, and I'm at my office now," he says with an edge in his voice meant to tell me I'm putting his big plan at risk.

"Well, this is the only time there is." It comes out a lot more mystical sounding than I wanted. I flatten my voice into a stone, like my heart. "Go home for lunch. I will meet you at noon."

"This really isn't a good-"

"It's not an offer, Mark. It's a demand and you'll meet it."

"What on earth has gotten into you?"

"The truth, Mark. The truth has finally worked its way into my deluded head."

"What? What truth?"

"Meet me at your apartment at noon. And, Mark. I'm not sneaking in the back door this time, or ever again. I'm coming through the front door so you better be in the lobby when I get there."

I hang up the phone before he responds or I lose my nerve. I don't bother turning on my radio because the song in my head is already playing too loudly to allow anything else to be heard. That song is titled, "What a Fool I've Been."

I remember when he was talking about how dangerous it was for me to be seen at his place. Mark told me Valerie lived near him. He told me that he needed me to sneak in and use another name in order to protect me, and I bought it not even realizing that it's a perfect way to sneak your mistress past the doorman, who probably knows Valerie by name. Names matter. Like how Mark never calls her Miss James, and frequently calls her Val. He called me Miss Sharp all the time until the day he screwed me over his desk.

Then, another shot to the heart: Mark asked me the day we met with Janice to give "Val" whatever she was looking for in my office. Thank God I decided to hold on to the Wall Street story. It's the only card I've got left, and he would have had me just hand it to her-his girlfriend-on a silver platter along with my business.

It's all so clear.

Now that everything makes sense, I'm more angry than sad. So angry, in fact, I drive right past his building and have to make a U-turn and come at it from the other direction to pull into the underground parking garage. The fact that so many meaningful moments in my life happened in this building and I don't even know how to enter it correctly is not lost on me. I arrive about ten minutes early and sit in the car looking at the envelope full of the pictures in the front seat and trying to think of what my approach to this is going to be. I can't just run around his apartment throwing things and sobbing. I'm leaving him, but I'm taking my dignity out the door with me.

I see him standing in the lobby with the perturbed scowl of a man who has just been terribly inconvenienced. I don't bother smiling, although the sight of him makes my heart flutter and ache at the same time. He smiles at the lobby clerk, and guides me to the elevator that requires his key.

"Nice to be going in the front for a change," I say, my bitterness overwhelming the small elevator car and crowding him into silence. He opens the door for me like a gentleman, and the first thing I do is scan his place for any sign of her-a leftover scarf, some lipstick, a pearl handled knife he can jab in my back. Nothing. You would never know she was in his life, unless you had photographic evidence burning a hole through your hand.

"This better be good, Julia, because I had to take a lot of risks to get here. I had to lie to Blake about a meeting, and I'm not really used to being the lying brother in the family. You could have jeopardized our last chance!"

"Oh, I don't know, Mark. Seems like you lie pretty well to me."

"What are you talking about?"

"For example, how you told me you wanted to give Valerie James whatever she wanted from my office because you thought it would be good for me. That was a total lie. Or when you told me Valerie James was going to get my company because she was Blake's mistress. That was a good one too. Or when you told me you were falling in love with me. That was the biggest whopper of them all. You lie just fine."

"She is Blake's mistress!" he blurted out.

"And when you say "Blake" you mean you, right?"

"What the hell?" Mark put his hands on his hips and bit his lower lip. I had done a good job of staying in control, but even the best dam breaks at some point.

"Hell? You want to know about hell? I'll tell you about hell. Hell is when you open yourself up to someone completely, giving him your body and soul, just to wake up in the morning and discover you're nothing but a fool."

I can't contain it any more. I throw the envelope at him and make my way to the couch. Just looking at it makes me want to vomit. I can't sit on it knowing she was there, on this sofa, loving him and laughing at my naivety. I pace around the couch looking for somewhere to sit because I'm about to pass out, when I finally land on a bar stool in the kitchen.

I watch Mark as he picks up the envelope that bounced off his chest and landed on the floor. He looks at me quizzically, and then carefully opens the flap. Reaching in, he pulls the stack of pictures out and turns them over so he can see the top one. I stare at him unashamedly. I want to see his face when he gets caught in his act.

It's not the expression I anticipated. He's not angry, or guilty, or sad. He doesn't throw them back in protest or laugh and pretend it's a joke. He squints and analyzes each one, going through the stack again and again. I can tell by his eyes, and the slight head tilt he's making, the only feeling he has is confusion.

"Where did you get these?" he asks looking at me like he's just seen an airplane materialize out of thin air. "Who took them?"

I'm taken aback by his quiet confusion and don't know how to feel about it. If this is an act, he should get an Academy Award.

"How the hell should I know who took them?" I retort. "Who else do you have in the room when you're having sex with my worst enemy? Maybe that would be the person."

"We didn't have anyone with us and these were taken in my house. I don't understand how this is possible. Where did you get these?"

"Okay, Mark. Let's put the brakes on," I say testily. The fact he is more concerned about the evidence than what it shows puts me off. "Before we get into who owns a camera, why don't you stop and tell me exactly why you are screwing Valerie James in these pictures?"

"Don't be dumb, Julia. We were screwing because she was my lover and that's what you do with lovers-you make love. Now, where did you get these?"

"Oh, that explains it. You're lovers. How nice. How f**king nice. You make love. Well, if you two are 'lovers' then what the hell have you and I been? Fuckers?" I stand up and open my arms wide. I know I promised myself I wouldn't be histrionic but once again Mark has my head messed up as the situation spins wildly out of my expectation.

Mark looks at me again and I can see he finally gets the fact I'm on the edge here.

"Wait," he says. "You don't think this is now, do you?"

"Now who's dumb, Mark? Yes I think this is now. The past is the past, the future is the future and this is f**king now! Stop with the philosophy and tell me why." I sit back down, the strength bleeding out of me as I swing from anger to the other side of this equation-the hurt. "I just want to know why. What did I ever do to any of you?"

Mark sits down on the couch, clearly having trouble looking away from the pictures. I know that feeling. He sets them aside, and gives me the gentlest loving gaze. I could slap him for it.

"Julia, come sit with me and I can explain some of this. Then I need you to explain some things to me because I think we're in deep waters here," he says softly as if he is trying to talk down a grizzly bear.

"I'm not sitting on that f**king couch. Now or ever, you jackass. The only thing I want to do on that couch is set it on fire. How's that for an explanation?"

"You need to stop," Mark says with his no-nonsense parental tone. The lessons of my submissive month kick in and I immediately stare at the floor. I want to fight the hypnotic suggestion his voice holds on me, but I fall into his spell every time.

"I want this to stop," I cry quietly. "I want all this pain to stop."

"Here's what we're going to do. First, you are going to stop the cursing. It's unhelpful at best, and grotesque on you. Second, I am going to sit beside you and explain my side of this and you are not going to interrupt me. Then, and only then, will I listen to you. Third, at that time you will tell me exactly where you got these."

I grab a Kleenex from the bar and nod like a pacified child. He walks over slowly and takes the stool beside me at the kitchen bar, placing the pictures on the counter face down. I reach over and turn them back up. He can face his guilt while he faces me.

"Yes," he says with crisp and accentuated articulation, "Val and I were lovers. But it was at least five years ago and we haven't been together since."

"Val, Val, Val... I give you credit for not claiming this was Photoshopped, but really- five years later you're still calling her 'Val' but you opened me in my most private space just last night and you still call me 'Julia' so don't tell me it's over with her."

"I said no interruption, if you recall."

"Sorry."

"I will probably start calling you "Jul" in time, but Julia fits you better, it's prettier-like you. Anyway, we met when the board of Ladies World was running out of cash options and looking for an infusion of capital. She was part of the process. I liked her immediately. She was so headstrong and smart. Val is driven and able, she is like the salmon that swim upstream-always pushing, always forging ahead."

She's also got long legs, an hourglass figure, and red hair that draws men to her like a beacon, I think to myself, but refrain from interrupting him. He reads my mind.

"Val is very attractive, and that certainly doesn't hurt. In fact, she uses it quite well when the need arises. She's, well, she's a lot like you-amazing and strong, attractive and inviting. But she also has some of the same pitfalls as you. She's so driven she can't stop. She's up on power and out of balance about people. Eventually, we all exist to serve Ladies World in some way or another because it's her real love. As much as I wanted her, I eventually discovered I'd never be anything more than a name in the contributor's column of her life."

My mind flashes back to Greg and the way I used him to dump my problems, dragged him to places because I was doing a story and generally set him on the back-burner through most of our love. I did love Greg, but not more than Lynx. I nod.

"She's wanted to change Ladies World for a long time, to keep it relevant. So, when we were dating, she decided to do a series of edgy stories about the city and subcultures in it so she chose the BDSM culture and fetish clubs as a topic. We both thought it would be fun to get in some leather and hit the scene. We went to clubs, got invited to some munches, and tried out some of the stuff-spanking, collars, leather and lace, dominance and submission. Instead of bringing us together, it tore us apart."

"Yeah, a bullwhip and a blowjob have a way of doing that," I say sarcastically, even though my heart's not really into this fight anymore. I'm just reacting. He scowls but continues gracefully.

"I got to know some of the couples, nice, neat people. And I discovered the power of dominance and submission as a lifestyle. I met female executives who dealt with the pressures of their power by submitting at home over the lap of a lover, much like you did with me. I learned the internal satisfaction of knowing I wasn't just loving someone but guiding, helping and teaching them. It was a perfect world for me. Val just never got past the sex part. It was just a story and a game to her."

"I don't remember Ladies World running a fetish article. Where would they even put it? Between a recipe for homemade shortbread cookies and a photo spread on floral centerpieces for spring dances?"

"That's exactly right. She worked that story hard, but the board refused to run it. They said it would alienate their base and bring them negative attention. Even Blake voted to can the piece. She went on to her next issue and wanted us to move on too. But I couldn't. I found a home in that world and a way I wanted to experience and express my love. I refused to leave it behind. She left me behind instead."

Mark's eyes grow darker and his gaze seems far away. It is clear he loved her once, yet the tone in his voice, sad but strong, makes it clear he thinks he made the right decision and doesn't regret it.

"After the board vote and her disappointment, she started an on and off affair with Blake. It's perfect for them both. He's married so he just wants something fun and nasty, and she's able to get his vote to swing her way when she needs support. They are using each other, but they both seem happy with the arrangement. I don't judge. Now, who took these pictures and how did you get them?"

I explain about the knock on the door and the envelope waiting for me. I tell him it isn't the first incident, and talk about the text message warning me not to trust him, that I assume must have come from Valerie if she knows I'm dating her man. He interrupts me to remind me he is not anyone's man at the moment. I chide him, but smile. It's a fair correction.

He reaches over and picks up the pictures. His mouth curls upward into a nostalgic smile that breaks my heart anew, then points out some things I hadn't noticed before. The couch has been reupholstered since then and though the color is similar, the pattern is not the same. Valerie's hair is a lot longer than it was the last time I saw her, and her clothes are definitely out of style for today. That's the biggest clue. Valerie James is never out of style.

I take a deep breath and look in Mark's eyes, so deep, so beautiful. I place my hand on top of his while every cell in my body is remembering their rough touch as he holds my hips, the way he reaches inside me and enlivens my sexual core, the gentle sweet moments when those hands brush my hair from my eyes or trace a pattern down my neck to my br**sts. His hands are warm and my fingers stiff and cold.

"I don't buy it," I say.

"What?"

"It's a beautiful story and why wouldn't it be? Valerie is a lot of things but chief among them, even I have to admit, is that she is a damn good writer."

"Oh my god, are you kidding me?" He throws up his hands in exasperation.

"Think about it Mark. What's more likely? You and your long lost lover just happened to have a stack of five year old pictures laying around from intimate scenes you did in front of someone with a camera who you conveniently can't remember or you put her in a red wig, got out your spanking paddle and took some shots, Photoshopping the couch later as a nice touch?"

"I can show you the receipt from the couch, if it helps. Or I can just tell you that these are pictures from a long time ago and I don't know who took them. Or I can just call Valerie right now and clear this up."

"You'd do that? You'd call her so I could hear?"

"Yes, I'm going to call her. I want to know who took these pictures, because there sure as hell wasn't anyone in that room but us. And if it helps you get over this so you and I can move on then that's a plus in my column."

"You talk like an accountant."

"You make me crazy," he responds walking over to the phone by the bar.

"Speaker, please" I say, following him. I have no idea what he's going to say but I can't wait to hear it.

He flicks the speakerphone on, pulls out his cell, gets her number, and dials it into the big phone. He puts his finger up when she answers, and I instinctively cover my mouth with my hand to show him I won't make a sound.

"Val, it's Mark Stone. Got a minute? It's important, and private."

"I'm on a deadline so hurry," she says dryly. It's Valerie James all right.

"Listen, Val," Mark stalls a moment, not sure what to say. "II got some pictures in my office today. Looks a bit like a blackmail situation. Don't worry, though. I can handle it. It's just the pictures, well, they are old ones and I'm not sure how they even got taken."

"I'm waiting for the part that has to do with me." She's probably editing an article while he talks to her.

"They are pictures of us, Val, in flagrante. Remember the 'Love's Lost Leather' piece you wanted to do? They come from about then. Some pretty private moments, actually."

"Oh." She laughs genuinely with just the hint of a bitter edge. "Those moments."

"What I don't understand is who took these pictures and how they got to my office today."

"Well, I can only answer one of those. I took them."

"You did? How? I mean, you were pretty occupied at the moment from the looks of things," he says cordially. They talk as old lovers do, but it's also clear the feelings have long since passed.

"Oh Mark." She sighs. "I wanted some shots for the story and no one we met in the clubs was either willing or, well, photogenic enough. So I used the old 'purse cam' trick, and turned the video into a couple of stills. I was going to blur our faces or shop them out. When the piece didn't happen, I erased the video and filed the pictures in the 'things that never happened' folder. Haven't seen them for years."

"No copies, no one else? You haven't taken them out for a spin anywhere recently?"

"I have more to do in life than drone on about the days we were paddle pals. That's not even my thing," she says. "Let me go check my files. I'll call you back."

Valerie hangs up without a goodbye, and Mark shrugs.

"Happy now?" he asks, heading into the kitchen to pour himself a glass of water. He brought one out for me as well.

"Not happy, really. But, less sad."

Mark goes back into the kitchen and starts pulling things out of the fridge. He cracks enough eggs for two omelets and begins chatting while he puts everything together. He doesn't bother to ask me if I want one, but between my emotional whiplash and weary acceptance, it's not a big leap to assume I'm famished.

"If it's Blake or Kenneth, that's going to mess up everything," he muses as he cooks. "But, I don't see who else it could be. We dated for a short time and no one really knew our business."

"Maybe Valerie just wanted to rattle your cage?" I'm not quite ready to wrap her in the pure white flag of innocence yet.

"She has a lot more to lose from those shots than me. She's the one who is all about power. She's the senior editor of a national magazine for women. A photo of her on her knees before me would kill her reputation and it would just improve my career. Trust me, she's not any happier about this than we are. She just hides things better."

He sits my plate down and joins me for lunch.

"Maybe I should be learning from her," I say to poke at him a bit. He just smiles patiently.

"Maybe, you should keep learning from me." He leans over to kiss me but I move to the side and his lips fall softly on my cheek.

"I'm not-" I start a sentence not knowing what the end will be but Mark's phone rings, cutting off the need to go on. He jumps up and runs to hit the speaker button.

"Mark, there has been a breach," Valerie says, a clear panicked waver in her solid voice.

"I'm sorry to hear that, Val," he says nodding to me and mouthing the words, "It's Blake."

"I am too, those pictures are gone along with some picture of other 'private moments' I would really rather not see floating around. If you find out anything about this, I'd truly appreciate a call."

"You bet," he says. "I'd appreciate it if you kept this quiet for a few days, especially to Blake."

"I understand," she replies and hangs up again.

"We're in trouble," he tells me grimly. "But not as much as she is."

Chapter 18

We chat about how Blake may have found out, and what that means to our ability to get the information we need in order to file the rejoinder. Mark says the last time he got a peek inside Blake's office, the file was still behind the books but if Blake knows about Mark and me, there's no way Mark is going to get anywhere close to that file.

"So that's it." I throw my hands up. "You can't get it. I can't get it. Can we make a case without it?"

"Not really," he admits. "I have some things, and Janice's documentation might get a judge to stop the closure temporarily, but the minute it's stopped, Blake will destroy that file. With no evidence the judge will let it go through. Blake's only holding onto that file for sheer ego."

"If it is Blake who sent us these," I add. "If your 'paddle pal' Valerie is pulling the wool over your eyes then Blake won't suspect you and you can get the file. Let's face it, from the day I met her she's been after my career. Why wouldn't she take you from me too?"

"Because she already had me and didn't want me, remember? Come on." Mark stands up and holds out his hand. I take it, instinctively. He pulls me toward the couch.

"Where are we going?"

"To get back on the horse, or over the hurdle, or whatever we need to do to get this infatuation with Valerie James out of your head so we can focus on business."

I don't want to sit on the couch, even though I know it's been reupholstered since their lovemaking. But, he guides and I follow. I'm not sure how that happened, but it's just the way it is. He sits down and I sit beside him. Wrapping his arm around me from behind, he leans back and we lay like spoons. I have to admit it feels darn good.

"Why didn't you tell me she was your lover?" I ask, pretty sure I already know the answer.

"Because you're so psychotic about her. You've been obsessed with the competition between you two for so long I knew you would never let your guard down with me if I told you she was my ex-girlfriend. I didn't lie about it; I just didn't make it a point to tell you."

"So anytime I want to trust someone I should ask them, 'Did you screw Valerie James?' and then I will know who to trust?"

"No, but I bet you'd get some answers you didn't expect." He chuckled.

"Well, I know she has half the journalism world wrapped around her fingers, but to her credit I thought it was her talent and the Ladies World brand, not her legs and her fake red hair."

"Oh, she's a natural redhead. Trust me."

"Argh!" I pull and try to break free from his embrace, but he doesn't let me go, just laughs. It makes me laugh too. "Fine, I don't want to know any more about you and her."

"There is no me and her. There is just me, and I want you. Besides, you're wrong about her."

"Oh really? Do tell," I egg him on. I can't wait to hear what bullshit she's told him.

"Val doesn't like you," he says bluntly. Mark's right, he is honest. "But she does respect you. She told me you called her a whore in front of a presentation the first time you two met. She admitted she talked to an editor friend or two about hassling you when you applied because she thought it would teach you a lesson about playing nice in the sandbox. But she had no idea they would take it as a blockade. She was actually kind of proud when Lynx hit the stands. She thought you were a worthy opponent."

"I didn't mean to call her that, it just, well, I was-"

"Mad because she didn't know or care who you were."

"She told you that?"

"No, but I've seen you in action. That's why you two could never work together. You're way too much similar."

"See, how am I supposed to trust you or open my body to you if all I keep thinking is whether or not you're comparing me to Valerie? All my life I've been behind her, cleaning up the crumbs off her table. In school I was in her shadow, when I got into the journalism field, I was in her shadow; she even had a Sandstone Ventures bailout before me. Now, I find out she's had you too. Everything I do with you, I'll know she has already done. You're... used."

"I'm sorry, I forgot you were a virgin when we met," Mark replies incredulously. It makes me laugh some more.

"I wasn't. By far." I slap him on the leg. The feel of his body around mine, warm and luscious makes me want to forget this day ever happened.

"If you don't want to do something she's done, then do something new. For this day, and this day only, I will be your submissive and you can give me the orders." Mark moves around off the couch and gets on his knees before me.

My eyes widen in shock. Is he serious? The Mark Stone who is always in control, will submit himself to my orders? Then a smile starts to play at my lips.

I take a moment to imagine the possibilities. What do I want him to do? My first instinct is to look toward his actual bedroom, not the "playroom" he's taken me in, and ask him to make love to me there for the very first time. I decide against it. If we ever make love in his bed I want it to be at his invitation, not some power play of mine. Reaching down, I toy with his tie a moment. He bends his head down to kiss my hand.

"Strip," I say. Mark starts to undo his tie in a hurry. "No, no, no. I didn't say take your clothes off, I said strip. Put on a show. Let me see your stuff, big guy."

Mark laughs. He rises and goes over to the windows and draws the shades. Stopping by the stereo, he programs in some numbers and some slow RandB music begins to fill the room.

"Sorry, that's as close to strip-tastic as my music gets." I almost protest when I realize the song he has picked is "Let's Stay Together" but decide to just lean back and enjoy the show.

"Let's see some moves," I catcall from my position on the couch. He begins to slowly pump his hips with a big grin on his face. I can tell he is having fun with this even though he doesn't have the slightest idea what he's doing. He opens one side of his suit coat grinding towards me then twists his back attempting to remove it fully. His arm gets stuck in the sleeve and he ends up spending the whole chorus flopping around beating at the trapped sleeve like it's some kind of parasite attempting to devour him. We both laugh as he subdues the monster and throws it across the room victoriously.

He takes off his tie, clearly he's had more practice at this, and kisses one end, then runs it up the length of my body until it rests below my chin. He draws close to me, like he is going to pick up the tie with his teeth, but instead leans over and kisses me deeply. The song changes to Prince's "Kiss" just at the perfect time.

"You timed that," I say.

"Nope, I had no idea that was next. I just took advantage of it." He laughs and turns his back to me, wiggling his butt in the worst shake down I've ever seen. He is trying to unbutton his shirt but I see him fumbling with each button as he tries to undo them. I am just about tell him it's okay when he abandons the effort entirely and just rips the shirt open, sending buttons flying across the room. He turns and holds open his shirt, his chest peeking through the separated fabric, my reaction to this has gone from curiosity to humorous acceptance to arousal as I look at the chest and imagine my hands running across it.

I reach out and pull him down on the couch with me, taking his hands and pinning him back as I push him against the arm. Leaning down, I rub my tongue up his abdomen to his chest, feeling his passion rise beneath me. He kisses me again and tries to get back up but I put my hand on his warm chest, feeling his heart pounding under my touch.

"But I'm not done," he complains.

"Yes, you are," I say fervently, kissing him again and enjoying the feel of his lips. They are the perfect size and fullness to fit instinctively with mine. It's just like they were made for me.

"But I've still got the big finale," he responds, pushes his hips against me, his obvious erection rubbing against my leg.

"Honey, trust me. That dance is over," I give a snide head shake as I say it.

"Better keep my day job?" he asks sheepishly.

"Yes. In fact, get a second one." I kiss him again, my hand running over the top of his bulge. I love the flirty, playful moments we have. We definitely haven't experienced enough of those.

Planting small kisses, I reach down to undo his belt and realize I should have at least let him get that far before stopping him. I yank and turn the leather until he reaches down to help me. I slap his hands and he pulls back with a surprised smile.

"I thought you said I was in charge."

He nods and lays back, chuckling as I fondle his buckle way too long before finally coaxing it into opening up. Crouching between his legs, I run my finger down his zipper, feeling him move and jump under my teasing touch. Locating the tab, I hold it up and lean over to grab it in my teeth. I've never done anything like this before and I'm really nervous; it will just look stupid or I'll chip an incisor but I give it a try. It slides down nicely, a little jerky at spots but mostly in a fluid motion the way I imagined in my head.

"Oh my god, that was hot," he says, his jaws clamped in arousal. "I'm not going to last much longer if you keep that up."

"Better think other thoughts, big guy, because if you come before I do you'll be the one getting spanked today," I remark sternly.

"Mmm, that sounds lovely." He lifts his hips so I can pull his pants and briefs all the way off and I see his urgent need, present and ready. I take him in my mouth, just the tip at first, then more of him as my hands go to work enlivening and enjoying him. I love everything about this man-his smell, his taste, the way I feel him grow when he's inside my body.

"Seriously, I'm going to-"

"Shhh," I soothe. Standing just long enough to strip myself, I return and straddle him placing my body directly over his engorged cock. I put him just in my opening, letting him feel my wetness and desire. He attempts to thrust into me but I keep my hand steady and allow only the smallest access.

A tense smile crosses his face and I wonder if he's worried I'm just going to tease him and leave him, but he should know better than that. We are both way too far along to walk away from this now.

"How bad do you want it?" I say, inserting him just a little more. I can see he's at the cross-section of pleasure and pain. It's something I understand all too well. He taught it to me.

"I want it," he whispers, barely able to talk, the huskiness of his voice driving me even farther into lust. Then he speaks clearly, never breaking eye contact. "I want you."

Lowering my body on his shaft, I melt around him as he fills me in a way no one else has ever or will ever. I move my body up and down, feeling every luscious movement press against my channel and entice my escalating climax. Over and over I lift myself, slightly rotating my hips and plunging myself down. I love the ability to look down and see his face, eyes closed-pleasure obvious. My vision grows dim as the knot inside me tightens, ready to squeeze out all sensations except my anticipated spasming pleasure. My thighs burn with the upward thrusts. Breathless and struggling to maintain the pace to keep climbing, I feel myself starting to slow down.

Mark reaches out, holding my hips in his big strong hands, stopping my motion to give my worn out legs a rest, and pushes himself upward into me, pounding me through his own effort, hitting the right spot time after time, lifting me higher and higher until he gives one big hard thrust and I grip his member as my entire body rattles and flows with passion. A guttural cry springs forth from my lips loud enough to shatter glass and my entire being releases energy as I tremble on his cock, collapsing on that beautiful chest when I'm done.

He wraps his arms around me, holding me close to him as we breathe together, the quiet rhythmic afterglow of satisfied souls. I nearly fall asleep in the warmth and security of the moment.

Then, from nowhere, the thought comes back.

Did he hold Valerie like this? My eyes pop open and I sigh. I love him, but I can't get over the fact I am just a second string on a lovely violin.

Rising, I reach for my clothes and he can tell something isn't right.

"I need to go," I say revealing more sadness than I wanted my voice to display.

"I wish you'd stay. We need to make a plan."

"You need a plan, or whatever you need," I surrender. "I need to go. I need time, Mark. I know you and Valerie are done, but I'm not sure how to feel about it. I just need more time."

"We don't have time, Julia." He rises and dresses quickly, his buttonless shirt hanging open. "We can put off the relationship part for a while, but we have less than a week before filing and we're going to have to pull together to get the evidence we need."

"It's too much. It's just too much. I don't have a life made of parts. I just have one big lump of love-life-Lynx and it's all too much for me to carry."

"It's also too much for you to lose," he reminds quietly. I want to scream that I know that already, but I just nod. The anger and passion of the day have worn me through. I'm exhausted.

He walks me to the elevator and we wait wordless. When the door opens I step inside, leaving him in the hallway alone.

"Don't call, don't text, don't write. If the deadline passes, it passes. But for now, just give me space."

The door closes before he can say anything. It's better that way.

Chapter 19

Are you being irrational if you know you're being irrational? I pull out of the parking lot. I know there is nothing between Mark and Valerie now, and yet I still can't get the idea of them out of my head. How can I ever trust that he isn't selling me out to her? I guess letting the transfer go through and giving up Lynx would reveal the truth. If he doesn't want me after that, I'll know it was all a lie. Am I willing to give up my life's work just to find out?

I decide to stop by the hospital for my daily visit with Dad. It will take my mind off all this for a little while. He seems to be past waking so every day is another chance for me to hold his hand once more. How I wish he was still well. I know he could have guided me through this with his wisdom. Dad negotiated his way through situations with social skill as sharp and accurate as a surgeon's blade. I've been hacking my way through this with a machete, and the scars are starting to show.

Walking down the hallway, getting adjusted to the antiseptic smell of the area, I notice the nurse practically jumping across the desk when she sees me. She walks quickly to try to catch me as I turn the corner. I beat her to the room and look in to discover Dad's bed is raised, made and empty.

"Where's my father?" I demand. She sees the blaze that's been simmering behind my eyes all morning.

"I tried to catch you, I was waiting to call you until he got settled," the nurse said, guiding me away from the empty room.

"Settled? Settled where? He's not conscious, how hard could it possibly be to get him settled?" The nurse takes me to a waiting area and sits down with me.

"Your father has been moved to the hospice wing," she says softly, watching my face and trying to gauge a response. "His oxygen saturation is dropping and they've put him on a morphine pump. It's only a matter of hours now."

"If he's going to die in a few hours, why didn't you just leave him where he was? Why did you have to jerk him around? Why is there always someone in our lives all the time jerking us around?" That last question made her frown a bit.

"No one is jerking anyone around. The hospice wing is more comfortable for him and for you. The monitors are kept in a separate room so you don't have to deal with the beeping, and it's a more comfortable environment for goodbyes. And, Miss Sharp, this is a time for goodbye."

"I'm sorry," I say. "Iit's just-"

"I understand," she replies kindly. "He's on the third floor in room three-twelve. I'll walk you there if you want."

"No, no I can get there. Thank you for all your help. I know you did the best that you could for him. This has been such a long process." I stand to leave, giving a big sigh to push out all the tension and try to gather some kind of strength to walk down the hall.

"I find it's easier for folks to let go of this world if the people they love will tell them it is okay," she mentions helpfully. I nod. Poor Dad. Since the day of his diagnosis, I've been dragging him to specialists, forcing him to try experimental treatment, and keeping him alive by my own force of will. The voice of Mark, which seems to have taken up residence in my head, reminds me that sometimes strength isn't holding on, but letting go.

I make my way to Dad's new room and walk in tentatively. It is a much homier and calmer set up than the rest of the hospital. The room smells like baked apples, instead of Lysol, and there are no ticks and beeps emanating from everything. The lights are dim and the glow of the numbers on the morphine pump are the only thing that would tell you something other than a nap was going on. It gives me peace to see him so comfortable.

I pull up a chair beside Dad and take his hand. I look at the withered fingers that always seemed so firm and strong, now tapered, weak and textured like rice paper. I kiss his cheek and there is no response. His breathing is shallow, and his eyes don't move.

"Dad," I say loudly hoping either he or his soul can hear me through the medicated fog. "Dad, I love you and I miss you, already, so much. But I want you to know some things. I want you to know I'm okay. I'm strong and I've been through hell, but I am going to be fine."

Tears fall down my cheeks as I chokingly open myself to him one last time.

"I've met someone, Daddy. The man I told you about before. He's taught me a lot of amazing things and I'm finally getting my feet on the ground. I know who I am, and I know what to do. I'm going to do some great things in this world, because I'm your daughter and I can handle whatever life gives me. So I want you to know that it's okay. It's okay to let go. It's okay to rest in peace because all the work there was for you is done here. You'll always be alive in me, and I will always love you. But it's time, and it's all right, for you to let me go."

I put my head down on the bed, allowing the tears to flow over me. His steady breathing never changes but I feel something different in his touch. It's colder, it's lighter. Closing my eyes I listen to the air puff through his lips. I remember the many jokes he told and wise things he told me. I remember how terrible he was with tools and everything he ever tried to build turned out lopsided. Mom would laugh at him, but he thought it was good fun. One awkward adolescent day, I told him I felt lopsided too. He said I was perfect.

They were wrong. When someone who you love dies, their life doesn't pass before their eyes. It passes before yours. I remembered every birthday, every car trip that ended in ice-cream, every school competition and every issue of Lynx written and how he was there, beaming and celebrating with me. He even bought three subscriptions to Lynx so he could give two away to assorted friends each month.

"It's not bragging if you're giving them something," he would say, stuffing the magazine in someone's hand or mailbox. I watch the years of my life with Dad march by until I'm simply carried away in memories.

"Miss Sharp," a clear voice says right near my ear. I jolt my head up and realize I've been asleep for who knows how long. I turn to see my father lying still, his breathing stopped.

"I fell asleep," I stammer at the woman. "I was holding his hand and I just put my head down for a moment."

"You've been asleep a few hours, Miss Sharp, and your father has slept away."

"He's gone?" I look again and allow myself to grasp the truth. This amazing being who only wanted to love me and be loved by me has left this world in my hands.

The hospice nurse gives me time for a final goodbye and then walks with me into a private area. She opens the DNR and packet we filled out together when Dad was still functioning pretty well. The funeral home and all the plans are inside. She asks me if there is any family I would like her to call. I tell her he was all I had in terms of family except for some distant aunts I would call later.

"Is there someone who can pick you up or drive you home?" she asks.

"I can drive," I say wiping another tear from my eye. "I can't believe I slept while he died."

"That was a mercy to you both," the nurse replies. "He probably was waiting for you to fall asleep or leave the room or something. He didn't want to leave in front of you. He loved you."

"I love him. And there is no need to call, or worry. I've been alone for a long time now and I have some supportive folks who will help me with these arrangements. Dad wanted to be cremated and have his ashes poured in the ocean off Grand Island. He proposed to my mother there."

She helps me sign the proper forms and walks me to the door of the hospital as if I were the patient. I can see she's worried about letting me go off into the world alone. But alone I am and alone I will stay.

I grab something to eat and make it home in one piece, getting ready to go about the business of death. Since there is no body or family involved, the funeral home offers me a time the day after tomorrow and I take it. I'll make sure it's in the paper in the morning and call everyone who needs to spread the word. When mom died, Dad and Aunt Sonja took care of all this stuff, so I'm not really practiced at arranging things. Janice usually makes my appointments and she'll know who to call in the journalism world to get the notice out.

"Janice," I say into the phone with a quivering voice. This will be the first time I've said these words out loud. "My father passed away this afternoon."

"Oh, Julia, I'm so sorry," she says with genuine love. "Sweetie, I'm sure it was his time. How are you? Are you okay?"

"Pretty much. I'm doing arrangements. He's being cremated but there will be a memorial day after tomorrow at Greenfield's chapel. Can you help me make some calls?"

"I can try. I'm in Missouri, but let me talk to Reggie and we can get the first flight back to New York."

"No, Janice, don't come back. I didn't realize you weren't here. I can handle it," I try to reassure her when in truth we both know I can barely make dinner reservations without some disaster occurring.

"I had the week off from Lynx so we decided to take a trip. I don't have a problem returning," she offers.

"No, no, no," I insist. "When the cremation part is done I'll need you to come with me to release his ashes. That's more important than now. Stay where you are."

"What about Mark? Can he help you?"

"Um, yeah, he can," I mumble, too tired and confused to deal with telling her the complicated saga of my love.

"Are you sure?" She doesn't buy it.

"Yes, I'm not really used to having to lean on people so it's hard but I know he will come through. I'll see you when you return. Give Reggie my love." I hang up before I break down completely.

Should I call Mark? Yes. Am I going to? No way in hell.

The next day is a flurry of necessary activity, phone calls and condolences. I end up putting the phone on silent and listening to it once every few hours to keep the voice mail from filling. One of the messages is from Mark.

"Hi Julia, it's Mark. Janice called the office and told me about your father. I'm so sorry for his passing. I know this is a very hard time for you. If you need anything, ask me. I'm here for you."

His earnest voice, deep and sure, brings a fresh round of tears to my already swollen eyes. I want to call. I want to run to him, jump in those strong arms and let him carry through this entire ordeal. But, I don't. Something inside, some deep fear of loss or betrayal, resists all evidence that this kind of relationship can really exist and be true to form.

Greenfield's chapel is full of flowers when I enter, including a beautiful spray from Janice and Reggie I know they can't afford.

"He was such a nice person," I hear a lady whisper. "Such a loss."

"She's so young to have lost both parents," her older friend replies. "Is she married?"

"No. She's the career type. She ran some magazine but it got bought out or something. I think she's looking for work."

"Maybe she should look for more in life," the judgmental old crone caws.

I purposely turn, pretending to look for someone, just to see who the rude old cows are and make a plan to write them a very pointed thank you note. As the service starts, I realize attendance is small, and the majority of mourners are friends of Dad's from work and bowling. Very few in the journalism world even bothered to show up. Word must be out that I'm washed up or they would be here. If Valerie James's father passed away, this chapel would be full.

Frantically I try to focus on someone, something, anything, to get my mind off her and then I see the last person I need to see: Greg. He looks happy. The woman with him is dressed in a modest blue skirt and blazer. However, unless she's developed midlife spread about twenty years too early, her attire is hiding a definite baby bump. My focus narrows to their fingers. Rings, matching ones, are all I see. Good for you, Greg.

I imagine strangling both him and his pregnant bride with a Calla Lily from Janice's bouquet.

The music plays and the chaplain speaks, inviting many of Dad's friends to stand up and share memories of times they spent with Dad. Many of them gesture toward me talking about how I was the apple of his eye. I wonder what he would see now. A song begins and we all stand, listening to the soloist sing of how Dad is "with the Lord." Bitterness floods me. Even in death he has someone and I am here alone. Utterly, totally alone. No parents, no children, no friends, no lover-hell, I don't even have a goldfish. I'm just alone.

I dry a tear with a tissue only to have it replaced with three more. Then, I feel it. A warm presence, a comfort, a hand holding mine. At first I think my great aunt must have seen me standing here by myself and decided to join me. But the hand is stronger and surer than the prune-like fingers of an eighty year old with paper-thin skin. I turn to acknowledge this comfort and gasp aloud when I see that it's Mark.

"I'm sorry I'm late," he whispers loud enough for the women behind me who were so concerned about my prospects to hear. When he sees my gratitude flowing from my smile, he wraps his arm around me and I bury my head against his chest. He leans down and kisses my head and once we are seated for the end of the memorial I have a permanent resting spot in his embrace.

The wall, the final wall, breaks. I get it. Mark loves me. He isn't just using me. He isn't just interested in Lynx, or beating his brother, or replacing Valerie, or making a point. This isn't about business, ambition or sex. He simply loves me in a tangible, enduring, beautiful way. Dad is with Mom now, but finally I have someone by my side too.

"I love you, Mark Stone," I say as we rise to walk to the front of the chapel where he will stand beside me and receive the condolences.

"I know," he says softly squeezing my hand and offering me the most reassuring smile on the planet. "I love you too."

Chapter 20

Funerals are a bit barbaric for the family. Not only have I just lost my dad, but now I have to be hugged, shake hands, and graciously listen to friends and strangers all talk about him, then tell me they're sorry as they head to their cars for a nice dinner out. Even with Mark standing beside me, the process brings me face to face with folks I'd rather forget.

"Julia, I'm so sorry for your loss," Greg says, sizing up Mark even as he pretends to be speaking to me.

"Thanks, Greg. It was nice of you to come." I manage to behave courteously.

"You remember Sylvia." He gestures to his wife as she reaches out to shake my hand, her baby bump beaming a bright light in contrast to my black dress.

"No, not really," I deadpan. Mark's hand around my waist gives me a little squeeze. I manage to choke a well wish upon them. "Good luck to you both."

When the last goodbye is said, Mark tells me he took a cab and he intends to drive me home. Gratefully, I hand him the keys, kicking off my shoes in the car, ready for the day to end. He offers to carry me to my apartment, but I manage to walk just far enough to get in the door and collapse on the couch. He sits on the end, rubbing my feet and listening to me ramble about thank you cards, and a trip to the ocean.

"Julia, we really need to talk about Lynx. After today you only have two days left. If we are going to make one last play to keep your magazine from oblivion, it's now or never."

"I can't, I can't think about that now," I say melodramatically. His nurturing feels so good and the idea of losing Lynx hurts so bad. "Haven't I had enough loss today?"

"Yes, you have had enough loss in your life for many days, and I'm trying to keep you from losing any more," he answers gently, but insistently.

"So, Greg's married," I say, changing the subject and sitting up beside Mark. "Nice to know his affair at least turned into something more valuable than a six month fling. I sacrificed my chance at that ring on the altar of Lynx along with any real hope of having a life or friends or-"

His lips lock on mine, stopping my rambling self-pity and enticing me as they continue to press against me and I begin to kiss him back, feeling the tension of the day ebb away in the warmth of his kiss and embrace. His lips move to my neck, kissing and nuzzling me as they make their way to that tender spot right below my ear that drives me wild. I melt into him, holding on for dear life. He rises and takes my hand walking me to the bedroom. He doesn't ask if it's okay, too soon, or any other question. He doesn't speak at all.

Slowly he undresses me, his kisses following his hands, covering my body in his passion for me. I feel as if I am floating on a magic carpet. He turns me on my stomach for a moment, hastily undresses, then straddles me, massaging my back. It is a luscious feeling as he gently works my stiff muscles until they are loose. He then turns me over, positioning himself between my legs and begins sucking on my br**sts.

My back arches for him. I want to say something, give some silly remark or even tell him how much I need his love at this moment, but I can't seem to get my mouth to function. Mark licks and laps at my ni**les, taking time to enjoy himself while his hand reaches between my legs, rubbing and entering me. I curl around it as if I am drawing myself into a cocoon.

He enters me slowly, pushing his shaft into my body with one long stroke. I feel my flesh open for him and embrace him. He leans up to my ear his kisses making their way up my neck until he arrives again at the spot, this time accompanied by the luxurious feeling of him surging inside me.

"You're so beautiful, Julia. So beautiful."

I reach down and drape my arms around his hips, pulling him further into me, thrusting to meet him and feel the full power of his movement inside my core. He takes me gently, in long steady strokes, delaying the moment for both of us until it can be denied no more. I come while he impales me, my body clutching with his steady rhythm, pulsing softly and releasing all the pressure of the day into a long steady pulse. I float beneath him, letting myself go, letting everything go, as tears fall in orgasmic response. He kisses my cheek, gathering my tears on his tongue and presses himself in me for one last thrust, his seed emptying into my body.

He holds me while I cry. I'm not sure who or what the tears are for, me, Dad, Greg, or Lynx, I just know I am safe in his arms and I can let all of it go.

~~~

I wake up to an empty bed. At first I feel panicky, and then the soreness and fulfillment of my body let me know that it was not a dream. I shower and throw some sweats on, walking around the apartment to look for a note or evidence of his presence. He walks through the door holding up my spare key and a pizza.

"You're up," he says. "I was hoping to be back by then, but I don't know this area well and got a little lost finding something to eat. Hope you're hungry."

"Ravenous," I exclaim, practically pulling the pizza box out of his hand. "This is just what the doctor ordered."

We eat mostly in silence, both of us too hungry to let conversation keep us from downing the pizza. He sifts through the papers I have stacked on the table, sorting out the ones related to the closure of Lynx from the others.

"What did your lawyer mean by 'irregular accounting procedures'?"

"I don't know and I can't ask. My retainer for Paul is up and I don't have the money to rehire him. This analysis was all I got."

"We've got to get the file in Blake's office," he says yet again.

"Yes. Yes. Yes!" I snap at him. "I agree. But no matter how many times you put that thought on the replay list we still have no idea how to get that file."

"I tried the last two days," Mark confesses. But Blake's playing pretty close to the chest. Anytime he left, his assistant would be in there. There's no opening."

"You work there. You have the keys and the alarm code. Can't you just sneak in at night?"

"I hate to ruin your view of me as an outlaw rebel, or Mission Impossible type spy, but I don't have the key to Blake's office and I don't know how to pick locks. The only way to get in there is when the door is open."

"Maybe we're overthinking this. Why can't you just walk in, grab the file and run?"

"Because I don't want to be the warden's accountant when I'm doing 15 to 20 for theft. Didn't you ever watch Shawshank Redemption?"

"Okay, let's think. Can't steal it. Can't talk him out of it. Can't sneak it out. Can't sneak us in. Can't exchange it."

"Wait." Mark puts his finger up to stop the momentum. "We can exchange it. We can make a replica-it won't be exact but it will look enough like it that he won't know unless he looks closely."

"So you go in, trade them out, he thinks it's still there and we have the smoking gun." The light in his eyes grows bright. He has a plan, and I can see it working through the system of his analytical mind.

"Not me." He smiles. "You."

"Me?" I laugh out loud. "That would be great except there's this little matter of a restraining order, an assault charge, and the fact he hates my guts. Maybe you should re-watch Shawshank Redemption."

"Look, he will never leave me alone in his office long enough for the switch, but he'd let you in and he'd leave you alone."

"Are you insane? The last time I visited his office I left in a zip tie between two cops! I'm hardly on the Ten Most Trusted list!"

"You would be," Mark's voice curled around the phrase. "If he let you in."

"And why on earth would Blake Stone let me into his office?"

"This is the gross part." He squints, giving me a warning.

"Oh, god. You don't seriously want-"

"You told me he propositioned you. That's why you attacked him in the office, right?"

"I would rather spend eternity in hell with nothing but a CB Radio and an old TV Guide."

"Follow." Mark holds up his hands as if he is showing me the plan on an imaginary presentation board. I cross my arms over my chest and look skeptical as he lays out the idea.

"Before you spend a lot of breath on this, the answer is 'no.'" I warn. How could he even think I would do something so absurd?

"Wait, look. Blake knows about me and you and he gave you evidence about me. So he will believe you are desperate to get your company back, and now because of the pictures, you no longer trust me. In fact, you can tell him that if one of us is going to use you for sex, it might was well be the brother who can actually give you Lynx back. Tell him you will do anything he requires you to do in order to stop the transfer. Don't act like you want it-he won't believe you. But act like you have no choice."

"Not wanting to have sex with Blake won't require much acting," I say dryly. This is crazy.

"The only thing Blake likes better than sex is humiliating someone. So he will egg you on, say rude things, try to shock you with profanity. But when he's done with that, he will agree to the sex. He's not going to just want it, he is going to want to remember it. Our offices have security cameras everywhere but we keep most of them turned off because it's a lot of tape and storage. So when he is ready for it, he will leave his office to go to the control room to turn on his cameras. At that point you'll be totally alone in his office. You can make the switch and run out the door shouting you just couldn't go through with it. He will be mad but we will have the folder and he won't suspect a thing. Easy as pie."

"Disgusting as cow pies," I remark. I don't want to be on the same planet with that man, let alone offering him my body. "He's grotesque and repugnant. How am I supposed to pretend I'm willing to give him sex when I can barely look at him without throwing up?"

"You're an investigative journalist, Julia. You'll find a way. Besides, you don't have to do it, you just have to get him to believe you're willing. Then you make the getaway. Do you have one of those large purses? The kind that's more like a magazine bag than fashion bag? You can hide the fake folder in it. Sit it close to the bookshelf when you go in."

"Yes, but what if he doesn't leave the room? What if he decides he doesn't want it recorded? Then what happens?"

"Improvise. Tell him you feel dizzy or to wait a second. Stand up and leave. You are younger, smarter and far more athletic." Mark reached out and put his warm hand on my cheek directing my eyes to his. "Your safety comes first. If you think he will hurt or touch you in any way-get out of there. Losing Lynx would make me mad; losing you would kill me."

I nod. I can't believe I'm going along with this nutso scheme, but Mark is right. It really is the only way to get alone in his office. Mark draws a picture of the office on a napkin, as if I hadn't been arrested there already, and shows me all the exits. He prepares himself to call Blake and warns me that I won't like what I hear. He instructs me repeatedly to remember it's all a ruse and says he has to talk to Blake "in his own language" which means crude and gross.

"I've been an investigative reporter for my whole career," I scoff. "I know how undercover works."

"Hey Blake," Mark says into his cell with a cynical tone. He's a good actor, that I'll give him. "You aren't going to believe this. I've got the deal of a lifetime for you. You know Julia, from Lynx. Yeah. Well, the night you fired her she came storming into my office-just like she did yours. Yeah, I know. I should have called the cops like you and I should've told you. But I did something I think you would want to know about. I f**ked her."

Mark puts his hand over the phone while Blake drones and mouths the words "I'm sorry" to me. They help the sting, but it still disturbs. He was right, this is harder to hear than I imagined. I should leave but I don't. If I'm going to face Blake I'm going to hear worse than this, but it's all for a good cause.

"Afterward, I started this thing with her-you know-telling her I could help her if she gave me what I wanted. Yeah, it was pretty sweet. Then she blew a gasket or something. She came over to my placeyeahI knownever at my own place, you're right about that, anyway she had these pictures. I don't even know. She must have heard I dated Val so she had someone make pics of us like we were doing it. She was all pissed off. I think she was trying to blackmail me or Val or whatever. I know! That is ancient history. She's a psycho."

Blake rambled off another string of something and laughed. It's too bad Mark couldn't use the speakerphone, but he said it would scare Blake off. I end up sitting down because all of this is making me sick.

"So, I tell her we're done. But today she came crying saying she wants to meet with you. She said you made her some kind of offer and she's ready to take you up on it, but she can't because of the cops. Did you offer her a job? Oh. Ha ha, yea-that kind of offer. Well, if you want it-sounds like you can have it, brother. A little after hours conference sounds right. When is that contract up? Yep, better hurry, don't want to pass the expiration date, keep it fresh."

Mark talks with the same nasty chuckle I remember from Blake's office. He tells Blake he will give me the message about what time to come and congratulates him on "making the best of the situation."

He gets off the phone and shrugs.

"You're in," he says. I can see he has mixed feelings about the whole thing.

"I don't know who raised you two, but he must have been a piece of work," I respond bitterly, still re-living that misogynistic laugh they share.

"That's his world, Julia. Not mine. If we get this right, neither one of us will ever have to be near it again."

Chapter 21

My heels click loudly on the tile floor of the main lobby. The guard looks up and I nod at him, pointing to my shoes and giving him a cheesy grin so he knows I'm not trying to break the sound barrier on my way to the elevator. I wobble for a moment then gratefully find my feet on solid ground as I hit the carpet in the elevator car. The shoes were Mark's idea. The whole outfit was put together by him, actually. A white blouse buttoned down the front with an accentuated waist, conservative black skirt, hose with garter belts and three inch pumps at a steep enough angle to give me a nosebleed. My hair is down, falling softly on my shoulders. A scarf completes the package.

I get off the elevator on the proper floor, look for Mark but don't see him. He wanted to be here to help me so he pretended to go home at his usual time, and then drove a friend's car back to the office building. He's supposed to be lurking somewhere around here. However, unless he has mastered the art of invisibility, he's not here. I put off entering the door of Sandstone Ventures for as long as I can, but I eventually get to the point where I can't wait any longer.

The front office is dim, the light from the building giving it a shadowy appearance. It looks like a ghost town. Mark said when he left work Blake looked like the cat, preparing to meet the canary. My stomach rumbles and churns as I envy any bird that could fly away from this. A bright light comes from the left side down the hall. Blake's office door is open and he sits behind his desk, pretending to work, waiting for me.

I knock on the door jam and stand there, the huge purse making me feel even more obvious and awkward. It only has a few trinkets in it and the fake folder. I pretend it's heavy so he won't be surprised when I set it down. Blake looks up, allowing a serpentine smile spread across his lips.

"Miss Sharp, how good of you to come," he says with a fake air about him as thick as southern sweet tea. "I have longed to speak with you again."

"I'm just going to put this out there," I say. Mark said to pretend to be shaken and desperate but there really isn't any acting involved. This whole situation has my voice and body in tremors. "I can't lose Lynx. I can't lose my job. It's who I am. I'm here to ask you to reconsider."

"You're here to do what?" he asks drawing out each word.

"To ask you to reconsider closing my company."

"To ask? Really? Ask? This time tomorrow, the waiting period is over and since no judge has issued any kind of stay, your company will be mine-lock, stock and stories. Your staff will be mine, your computers will be mine, hell even the copy machine will be mine. All you will have left is a fading memory of this monumental failure. And you're here to ask me to stop this?"

"I'm hereumI'm here to beg you," I surrender breathlessly.

"Ah." Blake leans back in his chair, sunning himself in my humiliation. "That's more like it."

I drop my head, far heavier than my purse, as my heart sinks. We aren't going to fool him. He's just playing with me like a cat toy.

"But why would I entertain any thought of helping you? What would it profit me?"

"You'd still have control of one of the up-and-coming news magazines in New York. I have contacts, I have ability, I can, well, I can be used to influence people who might not want to end up in our pages, or to provide collateral for higher risks." Putting Lynx out there to be used as one of his bullying tools makes me feel as violated as the rest of tonight's agenda, but I have to keep him interested.

"So, you would be of use to me?" he asks, the lecherous grin growing brighter.

"I would, yes."

"Why would I believe you?"

"Because I keep my word. My word means everything to me."

"Really? Because when Sandstone gave you the money to save your precious rag of a magazine you signed a contract saying you would support and respect the owners of this firm. And then just a few weeks ago you were in my hallway caterwauling like a mad woman, calling me all sorts of names and physically assaulting me. Do you consider that keeping a promise?"

"No. I was upset. I am sorry for that. Very sorry," I say, swallowing the bile rising in my throat. I'm sorry I didn't flatten you on your ass you big windbag. I control myself and continue to play the role of the contrite woman begging for a second chance.

"I'm supposed to believe you? I think you'll need to prove it," he says rising from his chair. He walks over and motions me to come forward. I am terrified he is going to kiss me, and if he does I might vomit all over him. But he stops by the shelf where his folder is hidden. "Do you know how you can prove it?"

"I think I have a good idea," I reply staring at the ground. I set the purse beside the bookcase and try to stand in some kind of open posture.

"To be of use to me, you will have to be totally used by me," he chides getting closer to my body as my knees begin to shake. "Are you ready to prove your usability?"

"Yes," I mutter softly to the floor. I am hoping this interview concludes soon before I lock my knees and pass out.

"You're a whore, then?" he asks only two steps away from me now as I back up against the bookshelf.

"Apparently so," I answer dryly, my face burning red, my eyes unable to look up from the carpet.

"Well, let's see if you're a good one," he chirps, grabbing me by the shoulder, sending shock waves through my body. I start to pull against him but realize he's not pushing me over a chair or forcing me to the floor. He's dragging me out of the office! I resist as much as I can, leaning over the grab the purse but I can't reach it.

"Wait, I-"

"Leave it here, you can come back for it later," Blake instructs. His voice gains a clarity, an urgency, it didn't have before. "Don't want any purse-cam pictures walking out of the office. My brother knows all about that little trick."

Frantic, I look around. He's got me by the arm and is pulling me into the darkened hallway. I drag my feet.

This wasn't how it was supposed to happen!

I look through the glass front of the office hoping to see Mark standing there. I wave my arms, pretending to lose balance, but all I can see is the light reflecting off the tiled floor of the outside world.

"I prefer to test subjects in the conference room," Blake croons an explanation. "The chairs are more comfortable and the room more suited for learning all your skills."

"Please, I-I need to slow down," I say dragging my shoes against the carpet to force one to fall off. Thinking I can stop him long enough to retrieve it. The shoe heel finally snaps causing me to jostle as my other falls off.

"Leave them," Blake instructs. It's clear he's in charge now. Where the hell is Mark? I'm in trouble here. "You won't need shoes for what we're going to do."

"I'm, um, I'm not so sure-"

Either Blake doesn't hear me or doesn't care. He pushes me into the conference room and closes the door behind him. I'm trapped. I'm trapped in a room with a couch and big chairs and a table waist high and a man who thinks I've given him the right to do what he wants. My purse is gone, the folder is still hidden and I'm stuck in here with this troll. Beads of sweat pour from my forehead as I stand, shoeless, shaking in the center of the room.

Blake takes his hand and rubs the back of it across my cheek, tracing my lips with his finger. I bite my bottom lip and try to think of any plan that would stop this from happening.

"As I recall," he drones, stepping back a foot. "You were here to beg me for your company. Isn't that right, whore?"

"Yes," I say, a look of disgust and anger crossing my red face. "I beg you to let me have Lynx back."

"You're not in the right position for begging, are you?" he asks as I look confused, then places his hand on my shoulder and presses downward. "Oh dear, are you desperate and dumb?"

I sink to my knees, the position placing my head right in front of his crotch. He leans forward, rubbing his pants against my face. I take a deep breath, a tear falling from my eye. Forgive me, Mark. Forgive me, Dad. Forgive me every professor, teacher, and friend. Forgive me for what I am about to have to do.

He puts his left hand behind my head, ready to pull me forward, his hand with a firm grip on my hair, knowing I can't escape. His other hand snakes to his pants, slowly pushing his zipper down. I see the bulge inside his boxer shorts bounce and jerk as he exposes his c**k to me, my mouth only inches away.

I close my eyes as I feel the pressure from behind my head pulling me toward him. My mouth, full of bile and bitter regret, opens obediently. I wait for that first sour taste.

The whole room explodes into sound. A red light in the ceiling begins to circle round and round and the oppressive blaring of some kind of alarm shatters the air. Blake jumps back, his head practically spinning as he looks wildly around the room. He lets go of my hair and pushes me backwards running out into the hall.

The sound rings out so loudly I can feel my heart starting to beat with the rhythm of the alarm. My brain kicks into action. That's what it is, some kind of alarm. I look up and see the sprinkler heads have popped down. Blake has about two more minutes and this whole office is going to get sprayed with water and fire retardant. This is my chance! I bolt out of the conference room.

The rotating red lights and harsh sounds disorient me momentarily and I realize I am running further into the office instead of to the exit. By the time I get my bearings and head the correct direction, Blake is coming back down the narrow hallway from his office. He sees me and starts to run, his fly still open and his shame hanging out for all to see.

"I changed my mind," I call uselessly and take off toward the door and he tries to cut me off. I know if he catches me, it's over. I skirt around a chair throwing it behind me, then hear it crash against the wall as he muscles it out of his way. He's only a foot away from me, reaching out to grab me when I get to the glass door and open it.

Six security guards are running on the tile floor adding to the cacophony of the moment. I jump out between two of them and manage to break free from Blake's reach as they accidentally push him backwards.

"Get her!" Blake spits venomously. "She did this!"

They turn and see me standing there breathless and lunge in my direction. Just then a loud whooshing sound draws everyone's attention to the office where the water has started flowing from the ceiling.

"No. No. No no no no!" Blake stammers running back into the office. Half the men accompany him but the others are still running toward me. The sound of more footsteps running across the lobby rings out and before I can figure out which way to turn an arm reaches around my stomach and pulls me to the ground.

"Stop!" I kick backwards trying to harm my assailant.

"It's me. It's Mark," he says in my ear loudly. He pulls me under a stairwell, embracing me as I shiver. "It's me, it's me, it's me."

I put my head on his shoulder and he lifts a finger to his lips to instruct me to be very quiet. We watch from under the stairs as the boots of firemen and shiny black shoes of security all rush into Sandstone Ventures. The few late-night workers from other offices begin walking down the stairs; we can hear them above us. Mark motions for me to get ready and as a group walks by, we fit in the pack. I'm trying desperately to walk as if I am wearing shoes, and Mark keeps his hand on my arm as if he is guiding a blind woman down the stairs.

We exit with the other occupants and quietly make our way to the parking lot.

"My purse!" I exclaim. "I left it in there. It's in there with Blake. I don't have any keys."

Mark motions for me to keep my voice down and walks me to another vehicle, a worn down Chrysler that looks like it was just bought from one of those lots by the junkyard where they cover the car in paint and scrawl "Best Offer" on the window. He pulls a key out of his pocket, opens the passenger door and pushes me in.

"Where did you get this?" I ask, amazed.

"Robert Clank. He's not just a bail bondsman, you know. He has all kinds of skills and connections. How do you think he keeps from losing money? One of his bounty hunters loaned me this. Bob also knows some great lock-pick and carjacking specialists. I'll call and have him get someone to bring your car home this evening.

Mark pulls out of the lot and drives down the freeway for several miles before pulling over in a grocery store lot and shutting off the engine. He calls Mr. Clank and gives a description and instructions about my car.

He puts his phone down and looks at me so lovingly that I burst into tears.

"Are you okay, Julia? Did he hurt you? Did heyou know-"

"No!" I slam my fist against the dashboard. "NO! NO! NO! But I didn't get the folder either. It was all for nothing. I went through that for nothing and now Blake knows I set him up and the file probably got water all over it and it's all gone. It's all gone."

Mark holds me for a moment, and then begins to pull his shirt out of his pants. I can't believe he wants to do that now.

"It's not all gone," he says reassuringly opening his shirt.

"Mark, I'm really not in the mood for-"

He opens some buttons and pulls a folder out, the same kind of folder as the fake in my purse. At least Blake won't know we tried to set him up.

"You saved the fake? Oh good," I reply half-heartedly.

"I saved the original," he said, flipping it open to show me all kinds of tables, charts, pictures and notes.

"What? How?"

"I hid under that stairwell while you went in. You weren't very cool, by the way. I saw you looking for me and Blake could have seen it too. But he stayed in his office. I saw him dragging you to the conference room. That was something I didn't think about ahead of time. It has more cameras, and better lighting. He was so excited to get you in there he left his office door open, so I went in and made the switch. But I could feel something. I can't explain it, but I knew you were in trouble. I walked out and saw your shoes in the hall. So, I pulled the fire alarm by the door and went back under the stairwell."

"You beautiful, wonderful, man," I say, hugging Mark and looking through the folder. It was all there. Spreadsheets, emails, even more pictures of Valerie and Mark. I didn't care. I was so happy to see all that evidence nothing could have stopped me from cheering.

"I'm so sorry, Julia," he says reaching out to touch me. I react and pull away from him, the thought of his brother's hands on me still overwhelming my senses. "I'm staying with you tonight. Tomorrow, we will see the judge."

"Tomorrow, my life begins again." I sigh, hoping somehow to rid myself of the ghost of Blake's perversion before Mark notices its presence too clearly.

"You are amazing." He starts the car and backs out of the parking lot.

"I love you." I kiss the folder and hug his arm as he drives us back to my place.

Chapter 22

We park the junker in my space and leave the key in the car. Mark texts Mr. Clank to have his helper leave my car in the space and take this car back to wherever it came from. We walk up the stairs hand in hand. I keep touching and rubbing Mark's arm, reminding myself what good touch feels like.

We sit down at the table and look at everything in Blake's folder carefully. Spreadsheets show how he used the Lynx account number to attach funds to each order or payment I made. $300 for printer ink for the staff became $3,000 with the overage going into a private holding area, eventually transferred to Blake's personal bank. That was just one small transaction but the sheet was filled with them.

An envelope with smaller pictures reveals more than a few additional shots of Valerie and Mark playing hanky spanky. Some show Valerie on her knees or bent over for other men, all of whom granted some kind of exclusive interview or content for Ladies World.

"Those were a long time ago. When she was starting," Mark said, attempting to explain the obvious.

I collected the pictures and put them back in the envelope. "Give these back to her," I say softly.

"I called Paul Fries today. He agreed to do this work for us and let me pay him later. He's got the rejoinder paperwork ready. We have an appointment with him at ten o'clock tomorrow morning for him to put the evidence in the request and then we have a one-thirty appointment before a judge. You have to sign the rejoinder in front of an officer of the court first, so we need to get there around one."

"I'm surprised Paul's helping," I say, "He's always been clear his is a cash and carry law-firm."

"Well, some people hate my brother even more than they love money." Mark smiled. "Blake has made more than a few enemies in town."

We keep looking through the stacks of fudged receipts, threatening emails, and corruption when there is a sudden, loud knock on my door.

"That's probably Bob's guy," Mark says as he gets up. I stop him.

"No. It's not. You didn't tell him my apartment number." I run and look out the peephole but see nothing. We both crouch by the door waiting to hear the footsteps walk away. When we are sure the coast is clear, Mark sends me to stand behind the couch with the phone in my hand as he opens the door and looks out. Slowly he reaches outside and takes something off the door knob.

He pauses, looking at it carefully, then brings it in. I can tell from the look on his face it's not good.

"You don't need to see this." He places it on the table by my door. It's my purse from this evening, dripping wet.

"I need to know. We're in this together." I look at the purse. At first-glance everything seems fine. Soggy, but fine. Then Mark pulls out the one dry thing inside the bag. It's a picture of me on my knees in front of Blake, my mouth open, his hand on my head. You can tell by the pixels it's a still he made from a video camera.

Across the photo he wrote in marker: "You'll pay, bitch." As a piece of punctuation, there is a white glob of ejaculate right over my face.

"Oh my god, Blake," Mark says, the disgust evident in his voice. "Julia, I- "

He stops as he sees the tears pouring down my face. I pull away from him, wondering if he feels that disgust from what Blake did on the picture or what I almost did with Blake. Mark leans over and takes my hand.

"Come on." He pulls me toward my bedroom. We cross in front of the bed and head straight for the bathroom. He reaches in and turns the shower on; the room fills with the warm mist of the steam. "There is nothing of him on you. There is nothing of him about you. He is scum and you are beautiful."

I feel him unbuttoning my blouse and I reach to help him. Undressing myself, I imagine my time in Blake's office falling away from me like scales. I step in the hot shower and let the shame, the guilt and everything wash off me. As I release my feelings, wracking sobs pulling from body, I see his arm enter the shower, and the rest of Mark soon appears.

He stands behind me, holding me, kissing my neck. I stand still and luxuriate in his healing touch. He takes the soap from my hands, and begins to run it across my arms, back, br**sts and body-washing me then kissing each area he has washed before. We stay in the shower, hugging and licking and loving each other until the water begins to cool.

Stepping out, he wraps me in a robe, dries me off, and puts his arms around me. We end up in my bed, my head on his chest, as he holds and kisses me. He doesn't seem to expect anything. He just wants to love me. I feel myself falling asleep, the warmth and safety of his love healing my deepest wounds.

Chapter 23

The sun streams bright into the window, promising me a new day. A day filled with hope, justice, and most of all-love. Today's the day the wrong is made right. Today is when Lynx begins again. I will be at court at one o'clock and free from this terror by two.

Mark is setting the table for breakfast, has coffee brewing and smiles when I walk out, disheveled in a pair of sweats and a T-shirt all sleepy-eyed.

"Hello, beautiful you." His smile immediately brightens my morning.

"Hello, Prince Charming. Can you tell me where reality is? I seem to have left it some time ago."

"No evil wizards here." He looks around the kitchen. I contemplate kissing him, even with my morning breath when a knock at the door shatters the moment.

"Oh god," I say wondering what special package Blake has left us this time. Mark moves as if to answer but I reach it first.

I look out the peephole and see a face this time. Two faces actually, each wearing a frighteningly familiar hat.

"Yes, Officer," I say, opening the door just wide enough to see their badges.

"Are you Julia Sharp?" The front one asks, the one behind him taking something from his back pocket. Mark walks toward the door.

"Yes," I answer. Did they catch Mr. Clank's friend stealing my car?

"Turn around and put your hands behind your back."

"What?!"

The second officer began pulling out his zip tie.

"Julia Sharp, you are under arrest."

Chapter 24

This can't be happening. Today is not supposed to be like this. I am supposed to drive with Mark down to the courthouse to present evidence of Blake's wrongdoing and sign the rejoinder. Today is supposed to be the day I get Lynx back. Instead, these two cops are here at my door, about to crush my hopes.

"Wait. What?" My mind reels as I feel the officer's rough hands holding my wrists together and slipping the cutting hard plastic around them again. "I can't be! I haven't-"

"You have the right to remain silent," the second office reads off a card. "Anything you say can and will be used against you-"

"Mark!" I scream as they begin to guide me into the hallway.

"Officer, I'm Mark Stone," Mark says rushing to the door. He's trying to play it calm but the look of shock and fear is in his eyes. "Can I ask what's going on?"

"She's being arrested, that's what's going on," the first officer says brusquely as he blocks the door with an elbow, a polite but clear gesture that says wherever we're going, Mark is not coming with us.

"If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided to you." The second officer continues droning.

"I can see that part, Officer," Mark says clearly but with severe tone I've never heard from him before. "I am Miss Sharp's legal contractor and I have the right to know why she is being arrested."

"Yes!" I gasp as he turns me toward the hall. I see the neighbor's door crack open but I am far past humiliation at this point. "Tell him!"

Mark's natural authority wins the day and the policemen stop, momentarily, my progression to the elevator. The officer puts away his worn little Miranda card and opens a notebook. Both men seem to be standing straighter when addressing Mark. Having been over his lap for a stinging rebuke, I can attest it's the wise thing to do.

"Miss Julia Sharp is being arrested for New York Penal Code Violation 251.15, Criminal Contempt in the First Degree."

"But I'm not even going to court until this afternoon!" I blurt my mind solely on saving Lynx. "It's not possible."

Mark stands silently trying to mentally work his way through the information. One of the many things I realize I love about him is the way he stays calm and strong, never wavering, always in control. I'm not sure if it is a learned discipline or an inborn talent but it's amazing. It can't be inborn though, because Blake certainly doesn't... Oh my god...

"Blake!" Mark and I exclaim at the same time having both mentally arrived at the answer.

"Contempt of court is cited due to the violation of an order of protection issued to Mr. Blake Stone and the property known as Sandstone Ventures," the officer continues reading.

Dammit! That bullshit restraining order he filed against me after my first visit to his office finally comes back to bite me in the ass. Honestly, the pig had it coming to him, and despite the predicament I'm in now, I don't regret slapping him across his greasy face.

"But that's not what happened!" I start, however, I feel the officer pushing me down the hall away from Mark in the doorway. Having dutifully satisfied Mark's "right to know," the second officer accompanies the first in dragging me to the elevator.

"Julia, I'll call Paul Fries right now," Mark yells down the hall, probably realizing that "legal contractor" isn't really a position recognized by anyone and deciding to withdraw before the officers figure out they've been conned.

"Forget me," I shout quickly twisting around to call over my shoulder as the elevator doors open. "Save Lynx!"

If they're taking me downtown for booking, who knows how long it'll take to get processed through the system? Maybe at least Mark can go to the courthouse and present our case that Blake's seizure of Lynx is illegal.

Once the bell chimes, I am forcibly pushed forward, facing the back of the elevator. One officer faces me, the other faces forward to stop anyone from coming in as we make our way down to the waiting squad car.

Approaching the car, I think about how many times as a reporter I've seen people loaded into the back of these boxy caged vehicles, and how different it feels when it's your head being pushed down as you're put into the back of the car.

Turning to the one holding my arms, I try to see his watch but can't make the numbers out.

"Can you tell me what time it is, please?" I ask. I have to sign those forms at one o'clock. I hope that's enough time for me to call Paul's office and get out of holding.

"Why? Got a date?" he snickers as his hand goes instinctively to my shoulder to lower me into the back. "Watch your head, ma'am."

"I didn't violate any orders," I say as soon as they get in and close their doors. "He invited me. He said he wanted to meet with me. So we could, well, so we could talk. You don't understand, he asked me to come to Sandstone. I'm innocent."

"That's not our job to determine, ma'am." the driver says as he pulls away from the curb. "It's just our job to take you in."

"Look, this is a mistake. I mean, I'm sure Blake reported I was there last night, because I was there. But I was only there to get evidence that he stole my company. He asked me to meet him because he thought he could, well, um, he wanted to take advantage of me, of my situation. Anyway, I swear to you I did not go there on my own and I don't have contempt for any court."

"Ma'am," the policeman in the passenger seat says with his jaw locked and a stiff tone. "I am not a judge and he is not a jury. Save it for court, 'cause we don't care."

I settle as much as I can against the back seat, feeling the bitter tears of anger and frustration fall down my cheeks. How does Blake do it? Every time it seems like I'm going to get my life back, or that we are going to finally outsmart him, he just pulls another ace out of his pocket. The officer must have realized he was ruder than necessary because he turns to me and speaks almost gently.

"In case you were still wondering, ma'am, the time is eleven a.m."

"Thank you," I reply, wiping my tears on my shoulder. I start doing the math in my head. If Mark and Paul Fries can get the paperwork together, and I can get someone from Paul's office to come bail me out quickly, I can still make the courthouse by one to sign everything. I just need to get that phone call as soon as I can, and hope when Mark calls Paul he will have them set up and ready to answer my phone. My body starts swaying with excitement and false hope.

"Well, that perked you up," the officer says with a smile and turns back around.

"I have a very important appointment this afternoon," I try to explain. "If I can get my phone call from holding pretty quickly, I can make bail in time to get there."

It dawns on me I'm starting to sound like some ex-con from the movies speaking in jail vernacular and displaying my inherent knowledge of the system. If I don't stop getting arrested, soon I'm going to be known as "Jailhouse Julia." The thought makes me giggle a bit, until the informative officer brings all my joy to a stop.

"You won't be getting bail, Ma'am. You'll go from holding straight to your arraignment in court."

"What? How long will that take?"

"Depends on the judge's schedule. If it's a light day, maybe six or seven hours. If it's heavy you'll probably be held over for night court. But don't worry. Those dockets go fast. If you get bail, you could be out by about three or four tomorrow morning."

"Unless Katie's on leave. She's the only bursar who stays late," his partner corrects him.

"Yeah, but even if she gets bail the bondsman can sign a writ, maybe. I guess it depends on the judge," he answers back, pretending I'm not in the back seat looking like a crushed tin can.

"What do you mean, if I get bail? This isn't the way it worked last time at all!"

"Well you see," the officer shifts in his seat and turns back around, his eyes aglow. You can tell he really loves the system, how it works and explaining it to budding lawbreakers like me. "The last time, you were given bail because the court put out a protective order. So you were released on your own recognizance."

"But this time," the driver continues, stealing his partner's thunder, clearly not for the first time. "You violated a court order. So that's a crime and it shows your intent to repeat the original crime and it means your recognizance clearly isn't good enough. Thus, now you have to stand before a judge and defend yourself on both charges and show there's someone else who will sign for you."

"But that's the thing. I didn't break the order!" I stomp my feet as if that is going to magically open up their minds. "Blake asked me to come to his office. I didn't just walk in by myself."

"The thing you're gonna like, ma'am," the passenger points at me as if he is picking me for a ball game. "Is that the judge might be willing to listen to your story. Since you seem to want to tell it."

"Until you get in front of the judge, though," the driver continues, obviously used to getting the last word. "You should shut up about it. Because, no one in booking gives a rat's ass."

Gruffly but with an odd amount of care, the officers walk me into booking, guiding me through a maze of desks until they find one that is open. Standing me in front of the wooden chair, the officer who drove looks me straight in the eye.

"Promise me you'll behave and I'll cut you loose," he says, motioning to the zip tie cutting into my wrists.

"I promise," I reply earnestly. It is a baby step, but my first step to getting out of here and to the courthouse on time. He turns me around. I hear the click of a pocket knife and feel the sweet release of my hands coming undone. Bringing them forward, I rub my wrists looking at the swollen lines already turning red around each of them.

I sit down in the chair and look at the clock. It's eleven forty-five. I've got an hour and fifteen minutes to make this work. Frantically I look around for the person who is supposed to be booking me. A heavyset sweating woman with a severely short haircut and hands the size of my head gives a deep sigh and sits down, peering at the paperwork the cop left. Taking her dear sweet time, she scans the orders as if she is memorizing my history.

"I'm sorry," I start to get her attention. She frowns and looks at me from the side of the paper. "I really need to get this part done. Can we get started?"

She snort-laughs and gestures to me while she speaks to a male officer at the next desk. "She wants to get started."

"Please, I don't want to be rude. I'm just looking at the clock and I have to be somewhere this afternoon and I feel like if we work together we can get through this part fast so I might make my appointment."

Her face didn't have to tell me. The generously loud laughter of the man at the next desk didn't have to tell me. The murmuring of the word "bitch" from the guy chained to the chair behind me didn't have to tell me. I knew. I knew the minute it came out of my mouth it was the wrong thing to say. But it hung there in the air, and there was no way to take it back.

"Are we messing up your tea party, sweetie?" the booking officer crooned and held a "tea-cup pinky" in the air. "Or do you have some other laws you need to violate before noon."

"I'm sorry," I blurted. "That was rude and short sighted, and I really shouldn't have said-"

"Honey," the cop put her hand up to let me know she didn't want to hear an apology, no matter how long. "The only time I look at that clock is seven o'clock, because that's when my shift is over. So just sit there and hang tight and I'll get you done when you get done."

"Yes, Officer," I mumble. Can I possibly screw up my day even more?

"Hey Ruth," an officer from the doorway calls. There is some kind of tussle in the hallway and a string of profanity erupts into the otherwise quiet and efficient processing room. Frankly, I've never heard that many F words in thirty seconds before.

Four tough, rowdy young men are led into the room chained together by hands and feet. The one on the front kicks the bench in front of him sending it spinning and pulling the legs out from under the others, causing them all to lean to the side.

"Sit your asses down and stop that shit," an officer calls. The smell of rotten food covered in moldy pasta and over fermented grape juice fills this air. The officer approaches my booking agent.

"Can you book these ass**les and get them into interrogation before they smell up the whole building?" he asks her. I sit up and listen to the conversation, realizing if she decided to book the four of them before me, I'm never getting out of here.

"What the hell?"

"It's the Arturi brothers from Delancey Street. They were roughing up an elderly street vendor when the staff of La Russo caught them in an alley and treated them to a dumpster beating before the beat cops could get there. Precinct asked to bring them here to get them out of home turf and give them a good long sit before some Capo comes to release them."

"You bet, but they ain't gonna need no Capo. Their salvation just walked through the door."

"Oh?" the officer turns to look but shrugs. I'm dying to turn around but I don't dare.

"Clank and Clack, the bail guys, both just walked through the door," Ruth explains. "But, they can settle down and wait."

"Fucking piece of stupid shit!" One of the chained men calls and kicks the desk in front of him sending papers all over the floor.

"Right!" says Ruth. "No time like the present."

She grabs a pen and begins walking toward them.

"Wait," I call out. "What about me? I was here first. I should be booked first."

Ruth runs her fingers through her butch-man hair and sighs again. She places a meaty hand on the desk in front of me and commands my utmost attention.

"Look, Princess Periwinkle," she says, curling her lips with every word. "If I let that mess sit in here any longer they are going to break up our room and maybe send someone to a hospital. So, yea, I'm taking them first and no, babycakes, it's not fair. But it's smart, and that's what we do here-what's smart." She turns her back to me, and then whirls around to tell me one more thing. "Besides, you smell a hell of a lot better than them, so you I can keep around a while."

I look up at the clock and feel my blood boil. How dare she speak to me like that? She can't delay me just because someone is smellier than I am or represents more trouble than I do! I have rights. I probably pay more taxes than the four Arturi brother combined. I look up and see the watch commander staring my direction. I make a plan.

I am going to stand up, walk over and tell him that I am an investigative reporter and the Editor-in-Chief of Lynx magazine. It's true for another thirty minutes or so. I'm going to make him very aware that I am making notes about the inherent unfair booking practices of this station and the delaying tactic that is causing me to lose valuable time. By the time I'm done he will have someone rushing to process me and I won't have to smell like putrid fruit to do it.

I put my hand on top of the desk and start to rise out of the chair when Mark's voice rings in my head. Sitting up, I can hear his words with amazing clarity. I almost look to see if he's in the room but I know that he's at court waiting on me. Still, he is strong and clear inside my thoughts.

"All you do is push and bully. You don't use your brain or power to collaborate or negotiate. You just throw your weight around, stomp and threaten. It works for you now, but it won't always work for you and I'd hate to see the day your strategy lets you down," he told me early in our journey. He's right. That's exactly what I was preparing to do, bully them into speeding me through the system.

But that's not who I am any more.

I sit back in my chair and stop looking at the clock. If I lose Lynx, I lose it. I can't swim upstream forever. I can work for another magazine, and someday maybe start something else. I accept the reality that throwing a fit isn't going to help so I might as well act like I have some dignity while I'm here. Like a lady. Like Mark's lady.

"Hey Ben," Ruth calls as she points to the bench and glares the cuffed brothers into their seats. "Can you book that lady right there? She's a repeat so you just have to confirm and send her down to wait for arraignment."

Ben nods and takes the seat at her desk, looks at my arrest sheet and starts typing in numbers. I laugh to myself. Even when he isn't here, Mark is still right. The officer confirms my name and numbers, prints out a stack of notes for me to sign, lines me up for another booking photo (and Valerie thought her photos were bad?) and leaves me on a bench to be taken to the connected series of cells in the hall below. I see Robert Clank walking over to where Ruth has the subdued gang members, but before I can wave or get his attention, I hear my name.

"Sharp, Julia Sharp."

"Here," I say as if I'm still in sixth grade and the teacher is taking attendance.

"Hey, Rich Bitch," the guard calls. I instantly recognize her as the woman from last time and it's pretty clear she remembers me too. "Back again, eh? You becoming a career criminal or what?"

"It wasn't my fault," I uselessly try to tell her as she grabs my upper arm and walks me to my cell. "He told me to see him. He asked me to come. I didn't purposely violate the protection order. Hell, if anyone needed protection it was me!"

"Uh-huh. All a big mistake. He really loves you. You're back together. You just forgot to tell the judge," she responds in a sing-song voice. "Heard it all before. Only usually with restraining orders, it's the guys who jump the wire."

"He conned me," I say with a sigh filled with equal parts honesty, acceptance, and profound regret.

"Hey! My phone call. Hey! I gotta go. Hey! That man is going to hurt somebody! Hey! Hey! Hey!" The familiar chorus begins before I can even see the bars of the holding cells. They see me as soon as I turn the corner.

"Blonde baby," one of the men whistles. "Come sit near me sugar and give me your honey."

"You'd better check yourself, Ray," the guard says. "I'd leave this one alone before she kills you too."

I try not to look shocked by her comment but I see it already has the intended effect. The men pull back against the wall of their cell and the women in mine give me a wide berth to walk. I try to make eye contact with her and show her I'm oddly grateful but she turns before I am even fully in the cell.

The chorus of voices start again as soon as the door closes and I make my way to an empty spot on a back bench beside the wall.

"He conned me," I say again to no one.

Chapter 25

I sit in silence for a few minutes, the eyes of everyone in both the male and female cells glancing my direction. It's clear that most of them realize that the guard's comment was pure bullshit, but a few are not so sure. A young woman with a group of streetwalkers cautiously approaches and sits just outside of arm's reach. She looks at me with the world weary eyes of an eighty year old though she can't be more than twenty-two.

"You really kill somebody?" she asks. I'm tempted to act like it's true, but the last thing either of us probably need in our lives right now is another lie.

"No," I say quietly. "But I've thought about it."

"Me too!" She laughs with a big broad smile. Her friends watching the conversation relax and go back to talking amongst themselves. "That pimp on 23rd, Stomper, I'd like to take him down. You here like us? You know, working for a livin'?"

My mind flashes back to Sandstone Ventures and presents a vivid image of me on my knees, Blake's grotesque hand pulling me toward him. I think of the pictures of Valerie James in various positions with interview subjects. I think of every assignment the members of my journalism class begged for and made promises to get. I realize, in some way, everyone in media is "working for a livin."

"Something like that," I say, trying to sound more streetwise than I am.

"You a pretty girl," the young woman says. "You should try Lexington and Dale. They'd probably find a spot for you since you're an uptown girl."

"Um, well, after this experience I think I'm going to stop." I say in a non-committal hush. If I was going to lie anyway I should have stuck with the murder-it would be more believable.

"Duh. That's what I mean." She gives me the eye roll that proves I've already said something stupid. "You know, Walden House on Lexington? They have those classes to get you certified as assistants and shit. Off the streets and in the doctor's office or whatever. I wanted to do that but they only have the money to take three or four at a time. But you being uptown and new? They could get you in school."

"Thanks," I say and look toward the wall hoping she reads body language well enough to know I'm done. She does. I try to make a mental note to check out this place she's telling me about because there might be a story there, and then laugh at myself. Here I am thinking like a magazine owner when at this very moment some judge is handing my magazine to Blake Stone and Valerie James.

There's no clock in sight from the holding cell and of course none of us have a watch or any other personal belongings. It makes sense. If we could actually see the hours of our life ticking away while we wait for our destiny, we would riot, or at least go insane. Insanity is what I'm trying to hold off as I obsess over what Mark must be doing now. I know he needs my verified signature and I know I am as far from being able to sign those forms as humanly possible. Tick, tock. Tick, tock. The clock on the wall may be absent, but the one in my head just keeps counting down-like a time bomb.

I lean back and try to calm myself with thoughts of soothing blue oceans and Enya music, but a timeline of events keeps interrupting the peace. I remember the confusion of walking in and seeing that sleazy lawyer, Kenneth Allen in my office, the twisting burning knot in the pit of my stomach when I realized I was being displaced, the searing anger as I drove over to Sandstone Ventures, and the wet, primal desire when Mark bent me over his desk.

From there my mental train switches tracks and the scenery stops showcasing Blake or Valerie or Lynx. All I see is Mark and me.

I'm swept up in the whirlwind of the last thirty days. It began with Mark, his heavy body pushing me over the desk, the feeling of him behind me, his strength, his lust, creating a powerful longing in me I thought was long since dead. My ears burn when I remember his hot breath on my ear as he said to me, "This is what you need." That was the door that opened a whole new world to me.

After that, I went from the frigid and bitter woman, dedicating what was left of my life and energy to words that could be printed on a page to a woman pressed up against an Escalade in a parking lot, my skirt hiked up around my hips as Mark's hardness pushed into me, thrusting himself into my body over and over until all I could do was wrap my arms around him and hang on as my body spasmed to his rhythm and my mouth fell open in unbridled pleasure.

"You will submit every part of your body, your mind and your soul to my will," Mark said at the beginning. I agreed having no idea how much truth that statement would hold. I remember doubting him at the time, even as I dropped to my knees before him, wrapping my mouth around his thick cock, taking him as far into me as possible. My head bobbing up and down as I felt his hand guiding me, encouraging me, filling me with his seed. My mouth waters now, just wanting his taste and girth filling it.

I shake, and then, I remember the frightening moment in the pool, my hands bound, my heart pounding, buoyed in the water only by my trust and his strength.

Having relied on my ability to stuff my feelings, I thrived on the practical and the controllable aspects of my life. Then in one night, over his lap, I opened all the old doors. I can still feel his heavy hand rubbing my trembling ass, the sharp sting of the brush smacking my skin over and over, punishing me, pushing me, burning through my defenses, my denials and getting the very core of my being. I cried that night, releasing the pain and letting go of all regrets. He smoothed the tears from my face and entered my body with the nurturing healing pulse of his being in me. He transformed my tears into the wet joy of passion as I moaned under him.

Through it all, the hot and angry f**king, the slow and beautiful loving, the trials and temptations, his patient teaching and my stumbling submission, it always ended the same. He held me gently with kisses and kindness telling me it would always be okay. His words from the pool echo inside me now, providing the last life line I have left.

"I'll never let you fall."

"Julia!"

I snap out of my trance and realize the whole cell is staring at me. I blushing, hopeful they can't guess what's been going on inside my head or my responding, swelling cleft.

"Sharp! Julia!" The guard's agitated tone evidences her impatience.

"Yes Ma'am?" I walk over to the cell door, shocked to see her opening the heavy grate.

"Let's go, Sharp," she grumbles.

"I thought I didn't get a call?" I ask, clearly confused about what's happening. It's way too soon for them to be sending me to court. I am just not that lucky.

"You don't." She sighed. "You got friends in high places, Rich Bitch, I'll grant you that. You're not even getting arraigned."

"I'm not? What's happening to me then?" She's so glum I can't tell if something good or bad is going on. She walks me down the narrow hallway and out the same door I came in. We end up in the center of booking. I look around terrified that something happened and I have to start the whole process again when I see a familiar face.

"Hello, Miss Sharp. Lovely to see you again." He smiles broadly, holding the manila envelope containing my few personal items.

"Mr. Clank! What are you doing here?" I stand still in the center of the room fuzzily aware that the guard has let go of my arm and walked back to holding.

"Making a deal and helping a friend." He hands me the envelope and taps my arm. "I saw you when I walked in. I called Mark and he told me about the violated restraining order. They wanted me to stall on bailing out the Arturi brothers and I wanted them to speed up your release, so it worked out. We don't have time to talk now; you've got to get to the courthouse. Everyone is waiting for you."

Clank walks me quickly through the maze of the station. I glance at the clock and it's ten past one. I have twenty minutes left. I expect him to take me into the parking garage but we end up on the sidewalk in front of the station.

"By the time we get the car out of here and find parking at the courthouse you'll be late." He points up the street. "The courthouse is three blocks that way. Run!"

Realizing that this is going to be the most important sprint of my life, I drop my shoes at his feet and take off. I won't fail and I won't fall. I know it.

Chapter 26

Running into the courthouse, breathless and crazed, I'm not entirely surprised they stop me at the door. I slow down long enough to run some fingers through my hair, transitioning it from an "I just got out of jail" look to an "I just woke up and starting running around like a banshee" style. I manage to hold it together long enough to go through the metal detector which is pretty easy considering I had tossed my envelope and my shoes at Mr. Clank's feet. Amazingly, they let me go.

"I need to sign something. I'm looking for the business court, transfers and judicial something or another," I say to the guard. He manages to choke down a laugh. I can tell what he is thinking, but to his credit he doesn't say it out loud.

"Third floor. Court is three-sixteen; Bailiff signings is three-ten on the left."

"Thank you." I nearly kiss him, but run off instead. The elevator doors are closed so I don't even bother with it and take the stairs bounding up two or three at a time. It takes a minute for my vision to adjust to the bright lighting of the corridor. I dash to 310 as soon as I see the number and open the door to see a group of people standing around a desk.

Mark is there, with Paul Fries, Kevin Johnson, our former IT person, some blonde woman I don't recognize who looks like she belongs with the streetwalkers in my holding cell, and signing a document in front of the bailiff is Valerie James.

Oh, no. It's too late.

"No!" I call from the door with as much of a voice as my oxygen-deprived body can produce. I stumble into the room, everyone turning to look. I try to get to the table as quickly as I can, with this weird idea I can stop her before she finishes writing her name and reverse the entire last month of my life. Mark steps in front of me.

"Julia," Mark says rationally.

"No!" I shout. I begin hitting him with my useless balled up fists. Over and over I smack him in the chest. "No. No. No. No. No!"

"Julia!" he hisses sternly through clenched teeth. "Julia, stop!"

"It's gone," I whimper as I put my head on his chest, collapsing like a deflated balloon. "Lynx is really gone."

"No, Julia it's not." Mark grabs me by the arms and holds me up so I can look in his eyes. "Lynx is fine. Lynx is going to be yours for a long, long time."

"Really? Then what the hell is she doing here and what is she signing?" I attempt to point at Valerie but my arm is too tired to raise more than six inches.

"She's signing a deposition." Mark replies factually. "Now take a second and catch your breath. You're making a scene."

I take his advice and stop for a second to let my body slow down and my brain speed back up.

"I don't understand," I finally confess. He walks me toward the desk where everyone is still staring at me.

"Valerie gave a legal deposition about Blake. She told the court all about how Blake broke into her files and took her personal documents and photos. She testified that Blake offered her Lynx in return for personal favors. She laid everything out before the court. She made the case."

I must still be delirious, because I can't believe what I'm hearing. Valerie James, my arch-rival and lifelong enemy exposed her secrets and went out of her way to save me?

"Julia," Valerie says as she glides over. With an unexpected gentle hand she brushes a long strand of my hair out of my face and offers me a tissue to take care of the tears stinging the corner of my eye. "I didn't know."

"What?" I stand there in shock as she leans down and looks at me directly. Her eyes don't have the fire, the sarcasm, or the superiority I always used to see in them. Right now, they show nothing but compassion.

"I didn't know Blake had stolen Lynx out from under you or any of the terrible things he put you through. He called me about two months ago and said Lynx had violated some agreements and wasn't a good investment. He told me he was planning to shut you down and asked if I would be interested in taking it over. I've always wanted Ladies World to have the edge you have, so I agreed."

"But you-"

"Later, Kenneth told me they were monitoring your computer system and you had an absolute bombshell of a story hidden somewhere. But, they didn't know who wrote it or what it was about. So when they took over the office, I came in to try to find it. However, it was a myth. There wasn't a story. Blake was using me as a pawn to hurt you and help him drive up his stock with rumors of Ladies World's new prospects."

"But there is a..." I begin to say when the odd blond woman in the room coughs loudly. It stops my mouth long enough for me to realize I shouldn't reveal the Wall Street Story until I'm sure Lynx is really safe. "There are a lot of good stories there."

"Yes, there are." Valerie nods with a look of respect. "You've got a great magazine. And that's why I decided to give the deposition. When Mark called and said Blake had those pictures I confronted him. He tried to blackmail me with other pictures he stole. I was so grateful when Mark called to say you two retrieved them.

"Oh, those," I mutter, slightly embarrassed for her to know I've seen them. "But that's not why I came here today. I came because I like you, I respect you, and I love our rivalry. I think it makes us both sharper, better editors. But, I want to spar with you on equal ground, as peers. Kicking you when you're down, particularly when you've been thrown down by the lies of a corrupt ass**le like Blake Stone, isn't very sporting or honorable."

"Thank you," I say earnestly. I almost reach out and hug her but a huge "bang" fills the room. Everyone looks to see what's going on in the doorway. There stands little Robert Clank, bowtie askew, sweating and smiling. He's holding my jail envelope in one hand and my shoes in the other. It's the first time I realize I've been standing there barefoot. I feel a blush developing under my skin.

"I thought you might need these, Miss Sharp," he gasps. I end up giving him a hug as I lean on his shoulder to put my shoes back on.

"Hi Val," Mr. Clank says cordially.

"Robert," she acknowledges warmly. "How's our resident superhero?"

"Oh, another day, another captive set free." He laughs. They can tell I'm shocked by the exchange and the fact that a woman who runs in the top circles of New York society speaks with such familiarity to this diminutive little cop car chaser who bails out criminals for a living.

"Robert is the angel of uptown," Valerie explains to me in a whisper as if revealing the secret to the fountain of youth known only to a few. "He's bailed out more of my reporters, photographers and undercover folks than I can even count. He's also quite well connected to streets and boardrooms. Get to know him."

"I have." I laugh. Mark makes his way over to where we are standing. With one arm around Valerie and one around me he guides us both back to the table.

"Ladies, Kevin has finished signing his testimony about the computers at Lynx and how they were altered. Paul is almost ready for Julia to sign the final draft, if you'd come this way," the bailiff says.

"Hi, Miss Shark!" Kevin says with a smile, not seeming to realize his error.

"It's Sharp, Kevin," I correct mildly. "Thank you for helping me today."

"Sure, sure," he says enthusiastically. "Everyone at Lynx misses you so much, and loves working for you. I hope you can come back soon. We need you."

I watch his eyes shift from me to the blonde woman I don't know. I realize the blonde hair is a hastily donned wig. Her makeup is thick and doesn't match either her complexion or her casual dress which has been accentuated with evening jewelry. Her highly polished black shoes seem to be a pair of JC Penny Nine-to-Five flats. While Paul is fussing over pages with the bailiff, I walk over to the mismatched anomaly who might be a drag queen and try to introduce myself.

"I'm sorry, but I don't seem-"

The woman, who has been staring at the floor through most of the morning, gets a thin little smile, her lips pressed together and her eyes dart wildly toward a corner of the room. My mouth falls open in horror.

"Over there," she mutters through clenched teeth and I realize for the first time she's shaking. "Let's go over there."

Walking to the corner, I can see her signature short quick step that I've watched through my office door a million times.

"Janice?"

"Okay," she says sternly. "No need to make a fuss."

"Janice, what the hell?"

"I only had an hour to put this together and I have limited resources. I've been out of work the last few weeks, you know."

"What are you talking about? Why are you...um...like this?"

"I'm you."

"What?" I burst out laughing. It's loud enough to draw attention to our little corner of the room.

"Shhh!" She hushes me with a maternal glare. "I've made it this far. Let's just get out of this and then forget it ever happened. I've already threatened Kevin with the most painful of deaths if he ever breathes a word of this anyone."

"Get out of what? What do you mean you're me?"

"Mark called and told me you had been put back in jail. He said if you didn't sign these papers everything was lost. I went over the precinct and it was a wreck. No one would talk to me and there was nothing I could do. It didn't look like anyone was getting in or out of there very fast. It's quite inefficient, you know."

"Tell me about it. I'm so ready to do a story on jail reform."

"So, I went back home and thought that if you couldn't be here to sign the forms that I could be here for you. I mean, look at that bailiff. His pants crease is crooked, his hair is a disaster and he has a crust of pastry on his lip. Do you really think he's taking a good look at who signs this crap? Hell, he doesn't even look in the mirror. So I came to sign for you in case you didn't make it."

This isn't the first time today I've heard something unbelievable, but my heart is actually pounding as I process what she is telling me.

"Janice! That's perjury. Lying to a court is a federal crime!" Now, I'm whispering. "You could go to prison if you got caught."

"Duh," she says rolling her eyes. "I'm aware of that. I watch Law and Order too, you know."

"You would have..." I pause to let the reality of this wash over me in an overwhelming wave of humility and gratitude. "You would have gone to prison for me?"

"Of course I would, Julia. You're family to me, and a better sister than my real sister. I love you."

"Miss Julia Sharp, step forward," the bailiff calls. I wish Janice hadn't pointed out the pastry because now that's all I'm going to see.

"Tell me one thing," I say to her quickly as I turn to sign the rejoinder. I point out her ludicrous disguise from head to toe. "Do I really look like that?"

Hands on her hips, lips pursed, she answers me in her loving, droll fashion.

"Honey, you look a lot worse."

I laugh and walk over to the bailiff. Paul explains each form I'm signing and points out the many initials and signatures required. The bailiff says he will now present the documents to the court and we will be seen momentarily.

Finally, after all the tears, danger, laughter, running, fighting, and hoping...our moment has arrived and it will be settled one way or another. I give Mark a huge hug and feel his strength as he stands with me, his arm around me in public. No more hiding, no more lies.

His lips brush my cheek in a quick kiss as we stop, frozen in the moment. I look around at the motley crew assembled for what may well be the defining decision in the future of my career. Paul-my attorney, passionate and gifted, Valerie-a powerful rival, now a respected peer, Kevin-a symbol of my employees, loyal and willing, Robert Clank-needed and able, ready to help. Janice-my best friend, full of love and courage, and Mark.

Mark-my lover, my light, my friend, my strength, my mentor, my... soul mate. I nestle myself against his strong body and smile at this family of friends. I've been through a lot, my company lost, my father gone, my inner self challenged and exposed. Through it all, I finally understand, I have never been alone.

"Thank you, all," I say with a full heart. "No matter what happens, thank you."

The large double doors down the hall open and the untidy bailiff with the big booming voice calls out.

"Sharp versus Sandstone Ventures. Proponents step forward and be heard."

Chapter 27

The warmth of the bailiff's signing room stands in direct contrast to the coolness of court. I'm sitting with Paul at the proponent's table. Because it is a rejoinder the defender's table is empty, which lifts my spirits because if I had to look at Blake Stone and watch him worm his way into getting Lynx, I think I would end up getting arrested for a third and final strike.

Mark and Kevin sit behind me, with Valerie and Mr. Clank behind them. I think she purposely didn't sit with Mark, but it wouldn't matter if she did. Throughout this crisis, I finally managed to cross the line. When I saw Valerie and thought she was getting ownership of Lynx, I was furious but I knew Mark had nothing to do with it, or if he did, it was for the best. I trusted him instinctively. I don't know if he noticed that or not, but it sure made me feel good.

The good news is that I don't have to say anything unless asked. Paul lays out our case that Blake as the co-president of Sandstone Ventures had no right to close down Lynx without cause and any cause he could produce would be unfounded due to the fact he compromised Lynx's accounts for his own embezzlement scheme. Paul did a masterful job showing the links between Blake, Kenneth, the computer program, and the legal maneuvering Blake used to push me out of the way. Valerie and Kevin both rise in their seats and affirm their testimony about Blake's misdeeds. The judge then gets to the records and graphs which show the "how" of the embezzlement.

"Mr. Mark Stone, please approach the proponents table," the judge say, flipping back and forth through the pages on his desk. Mark rises and comes about the table, placing his hand on my shoulder because he can tell I'm concerned.

"Mr. Stone, did you supply these numbers, charts and records for this rejoinder?"

"Yes, your honor," Mark says without waiting for Paul to give him a nod. Mark's clearly used to making his own way in the world.

"Considering the fact I've heard all about stolen photographs, illegal internet connections and unlawfully obtained information in this case, would you please verify for me that you obtained this evidence in a clearly legal and above-board fashion?"

My mind flashes to Mark, placing the fake folder in the bookshelf and taking the real one while I am offering sexual favors to his brother. There was nothing clear, legal or above board about any of it. If he lies, it's perjury. That may not send him to jail but it would certainly ruin his reputation as an investor and venture capitalist. I bite my lip and look at Paul, who doesn't seem afraid in the slightest.

"I am the co-president of Sandstone Ventures. I have just as much right to the records of my company as my brother Blake Stone. They were my documents to take, and mine to turn over to the court, your honor."

"Mr. Stone, don't you find it a conflict of interest that a co-president of Sandstone Ventures is standing on the proponent's side of this rejoinder?"

"Not at all, Sir." The judge may have legal authority, but Mark clearly owns this room. "I am standing on the side of what is legal, what is fair, and what is morally right. Nothing about Sandstone's position in regard to the transfer of Lynx Magazine or the firing of Miss Sharp can say that."

"Thank you, Mr. Stone." The judge nods, satisfied with the answer. I let out a long-held breath, and smile when I hear Mark call me by my business name. I've gotten used to being just "Julia." Mark takes the seat next to me at the table, places his assuring hand on my leg and winks at me when no one else seems to be looking. God, I love this man!

"I have reviewed this packet completely and I am ready for a ruling," the judge says as a court stenographer takes down every word. The bailiff stands up very straight, allowing me to see that Janice was right, his crease is crooked. The judge clears his throat.

"Here we go," Mark whispers into my ear, his voice driving me wild.

"In the matter of Sharp versus Sandstone Ventures, I find there is sufficient cause to stop the transfer of the asset known as Lynx Magazine. It shall remain in stasis as a Sandstone property facilitated by Miss Julia Sharp until such time as the court decrees it is satisfied with the legality and mutuality of said transfer."

"I don't know what that means," I confide to Mark.

"It means you're not going anywhere," he replies with a big smile and side-arm hug. We turn back to the judge who looks at us impatiently.

"Further, the cause of justice must come before the cause of business, thus I am issuing a cease and desist order for Mr. Blake Stone and Mr. Kenneth Allen to stop all business proceedings regarding Lynx Magazine until the allegations of embezzlement, fraud, invasion of privacy, and witness intimidation can be investigated and adjudicated fully."

"Watch this," Mark whispers as Paul stands up. It's clear that they left saving me up to Robert Clank and spent most of their day in a planning session of their own.

"If it pleases the court, your honor," Paul says. "Once Mr. Stone and Mr. Allen learn the transfer of the property known as Lynx Magazine has been stopped, they are likely to destroy any evidence that exists. Mr. Mark Stone will also testify that Blake Stone has a tremendous amount of money and connections and would likely flee prosecution if not held under bond immediately. We believe the evidence and testimony of four witnesses present is enough to mandate the arrest on reasonable suspicion of both subjects. We request Mr. Stone and Mr. Allen be arrested and detained to be held under bond, an immediate restrictive order on Mr. Stone regarding Sandstone property, computers, and systems, and a personal protective order for Miss Sharp."

"Mr. Stone." The judge looks over as Mark rises. I can't believe what I am hearing. It's too good to be true.

"Yes, Sir?"

"Do you honestly believe your brother would flee the country or destroy company records once he learns the rejoinder has been granted?"

"Yes, your honor, I do." Mark replies solemnly. "I am also fearful that he would further attempt to hurt Miss Sharp as well."

"Mr. Clank." The judge looks away as Mark tentatively sits down. It's everything I can do to keep from jumping into his lap right here. "You're an expert on the bail bondsman business. If Mr. Blake Stone were not in custody, do you believe he would flee and deny justice in this matter?"

"Your honor." Mr. Clank stands to address the judge as well. "I can't tell you for sure if he would run or not. But I can tell you this. Blake Stone possesses such a high risk of flight that Clank and Clack Bail Bonds will not take him as a client because he represents a potential loss of capital. In short, Sir, I find Mr. Stone to be a bad investment."

Ever the venture capitalist, a slight smile appears on Mark's face as he hears his brother placed on the slush pile of financial ventures where Blake had put Lynx. Nodding and flipping through the papers one more time, the judge issues his final order, taken by the bailiff.

"As an officer of the court, I hereby issue an arrest warrant for Mr. Blake Stone and Mr. Kenneth Allen to be executed immediately. Suspects will be remanded for arraignment pending investigation. I also issue a writ of proprietor protection toward Sandstone Ventures and all personal and electronic systems therein. Finally, I grant a personal order of restraint toward Miss Julia Sharp. Neither suspect is to be closer than five-hundred feet to Miss Sharp, her home, or her business."

With a bang of his gavel, we were done. I hug Mark as hard as I can, tears of joy falling down my face.

"I'm so proud of you," he says to me and he holds me. "We won, Julia. We won."

I pull myself away enough to thank Paul Fries for his fantastic work, and walk Kevin and Janice to the door of the courtroom, reminding Kevin to come to work Monday morning, sharp. Janice asks if I want to come to stay at her house, or at least stop by for a while. I decline the invitation but give her a hug and thank her for all her love while teasing her again about the wig and makeup combo.

"Are you sure you don't want to stop by?" she asks, giving me the once over. My hair is flat, my morning dress is now a dingy limp sweat-stained disaster, and my shoe is missing a strap, somehow. "Seems to me we both have some cleaning up to do."

"I'm so happy," I bubble. "I don't even care!'

I go back over to Mark and stand holding his hand when the bailiff comes toward me. He is carrying a stack of orders to be called in to the police.

"Miss Sharp, once I call these in, the cops will go pick him up. But there's no guarantee they can find him quickly. You should stay here or somewhere safe until you can verify we have him in custody and he's been advised of the orders."

"I know where he is," Valerie offers with a smile. The bailiff is all ears, as are Mark and I. "He's at Lynx. I told them I was coming here to keep an eye on the court. They think I'm going to call them any minute and say no rejoinder was filed, or a rejoinder was denied. Then I'm supposed to join them at the Lynx office for a champagne toast."

"Guess you'll have to do without the bubbly." Mark smirks as the bailiff takes the address for Lynx from the paperwork and walks to his desk to make the call.

"One of these nights, when this is all over, we'll all have to get together for some real celebratory fun," Valerie answers with a broad smile and a touch of her hand on my shoulder. "Until then, how'd you like to see a perp walk?"

"I'd love it." I smile and pull Mark by the hand. "Come on. There are only two things that can make this day any better than it already is. One of them is watching your brother get the zip tie for a change."

"What's the other?" Mark asks.

I don't answer; I just smile and wink.

Chapter 28

Mr. Clank offers to drive Valerie, and I pile in the front seat of Mark's car. We stall on the main highway just long enough to see the police cars pass us, and then hurry to the Sandstone Ventures parking lot. As soon as the car stops, we all jump out and rush to the front of the office building. I'd give anything to have a photographer here right now. I thought we might have to wait while the men put up a fuss, but they come out pretty quick. Kenneth is walking slowly and not saying a word. Blake on the other hand is a fountain spewing hate in all directions.

"I want your badge number," Blake is telling one of the officers who is holding him by the arms propelling him forward. "I also want to know what judge signed these orders because I'm going to take him so far down he won't even be able to see the bench, let alone sit on it!"

I allow my eyes to take in every moment of this scene. In all my fantasies, never did it look as beautiful as it does right now. Blake scuffing his shoes on the parking lot, red-faced with spit flying out of his mouth. He's doing a really good job of making an ass of himself until he sees us standing by watching. He convinces the cops to walk him closer to us.

"You backstabbing cunt," he spits toward Valerie. I suck in my breath and attempt to hide how shocked I am that anyone would speak to her this way. "Did you f**k the judge too? I've got pictures, you two-bit media whore. I'll tell everyone in town to watch out for your pu**y, because we all know it's not an exclusive."

"Oh, dear," Valerie says, walking just close enough to Blake so she doesn't have to scream her business for the world to hear. "Those pictures were removed from your custody before my deposition this morning. So I'm afraid you'll be standing around with your dick in your hands. Or, more aptly put-holding on to nothing."

"Cunt!" He rages and lunges toward her only to have the officers yank him back as he nearly falls on the sidewalk.

"Careful, Mr. Stone," I say with a tone made of equal parts sarcasm and innocence. "When they zip tie your hands behind your back, it really messes up your balance. Believe me, I know."

"You!" Blake roars, taking his eyes off Valerie and now charging at me as much as he can with a burly officer on each arm. "You did this. You think you won this game? I'll be out in time for dinner and I'm going to cook your ass and feast on your soul while you sob your apology."

"I'm not sure, Gentlemen," Mark says to the officers. "But I think my brother just threatened Miss Sharp."

"I'm a witness," one cop said while the other nodded.

"You think this bitch is worth protecting? You should see her on her knees. I've seen her in her slutty clothes on her knees with her whore mouth open ready to suck my dick because it's the only way any of these media sluts get ahead. Journalism isn't made with pen and ink anymore boy, it's written in cum, and that slut right there is the master of jizz soaked bullshit called news."

"Blake," Mark warns.

"Why don't you come over here now, bitch? Come beg me like you begged the other night. Tell me how you'll do anything I want to get back into your office. Open up that dress and wrap your whorish tits around my c**k like you wanted to do the first time you came to see me."

I am so angry and ashamed my face flushes and I fear people will think I really did want to exchange sex with him for a hand out. Then I realize, even if the officers did believe it, all they would think is the only way Blake gets any action with women is to threaten or blackmail them. I'm pretty comfortable with that thought.

"You know what, Blake?" I start. "There are a thousand things I would like to tell you right now. I could tear you apart starting with your dick, or lack thereof, and end with your lack of common sense in putting your little schemes together. I could laugh in your face, dance at your hearing, and spit on your grave, but I won't." I have so much I want to say. I feel my emotions cresting, but I'm following Mark's lead and I'm staying in control.

"Won't or can't, silly cow?" Blake retorts.

"Won't," I respond victoriously. "I have learned discipline, grace, and strength from your brother. I don't need to waste any more time on you."

I walk away on cloud nine. I did it. I managed my passion and channeled it into something appropriate, and powerful. I see by the look in Mark's eyes he knows what a test that was for me and that I passed it with flying colors.

"Learned a lot did you?" Blake says, seething. "Seems to me all you did was spend the last month learning to be my brother's f**ktoy while your father was on his deathbed. His demise was divine intervention wasn't it? I'm sure every time you spread your filthy legs for Mark, your father prayed to die."

CRACK!

The punch hits Blake so hard it causes the cops to let go of his arms, dropping him on the ground before staggering to stand him back up. I am as shocked as Blake seems to be. I never even saw Mark coming until he cracks Blake with a roundhouse punch right across the jaw.

"That's no way to talk to my lady," Mark says roughly, still holding his fist up ready to punch him again the minute the cops stand him up.

"What are you standing around for?" Blake kicks at the shins of the younger of the two cops. "Arrest him!"

"I don't think so, Sir," the cop says, much to Blake's' dismay.

"But he hit me! You saw it. That's a clear case of assault! I demand you arrest him!" Blake shouts at the two cops.

"Didn't see any assault. Did you, Steve?"

"Nope," the officer shook his head. "Must have gotten that bruise falling here in the parking lot because you were fighting being taken into custody."

"But you saw it," Blake whines. "You saw him assault me at this very moment."

"That wasn't assault, Sir," the officer advises as they pull Blake away. "Just looked like a conversation between brothers to me."

"Well, that was sure worth the price of admission," Valerie says to Mr. Clank who nods readily.

"I'm sorry about that," Mark says. "I shouldn't have risked more chaos."

"Really? You're sorry you hit him?" Valerie asks incredulously. They speak to each other like old lovers do-eyebrow lifts and subtle vocal tones to display meaning no one else will get. A small jealousy begins to rise in me. Will we ever speak like that?

"Well, no." Mark concedes as he reaches out to hold my hand. "I'm sorry I didn't do it long ago."

Jealousy abated.

Valerie turns to leave then comes back to where Mark and I are standing. I'm afraid she's going to make some snide remark about him dating another reporter as if I'm some kind of sloppy second to her. But, it's me she addresses.

"People talk all the time about the media and the things we do to get the story. But you and I both know there's a hell of a lot of work that goes into making the cover and none if it gets any press because it's not the interesting part. You did anything you've had to do. Put it away and move on. There are more stories ahead that need to be told."

With that, she turns and steps into Mr. Clank's car as he invites her out to dinner.

"Now, there's an odd couple," I say to Mark shaking my head.

"Everyone is an odd couple, when you think about it," he muses philosophically. "Look at us, a handsome, well-off, highly respected businessman dating some ragamuffin jailhouse wreck who actually ran through a courthouse barefoot."

He crosses in front of me and opens the passenger door to his car in a grandiose fashion.

"Care for a ride, M'lady?"

"With thanks, kind sir," I respond. "But what I really need is a shower, and some food."

"I know just the place!" He smiles and gently closes the door behind me.

~~~

An hour later I'm nestled in the lap of luxury on Mark's couch. I've showered, and we had some of the best salmon I've ever tasted. He pours me a perfect glass of Riesling and takes me into his arms. We sit in silence a long time, just enjoying the peace of each other's company.

Naturally, it's me who shatters the quiet.

"What's going to happen now? With Blake, I mean. Are we really done?"

"Far from it." Mark sighs. "Now the real dirty work begins. Word will get around quickly and I'll be spending long days and nights explaining to investors that Sandstone is still a viable venture firm and it was Blake who ran aground, not the whole ship."

"That's not hard to prove," I add.

"Blake will get bond from someone, even if Robert won't do it. You'll have to give depositions, make court appearances, and answer a lot of questions before the blessed day they haul him to jail. Financial crimes don't create high sentences, but he'll be away long enough for me to push him out of Sandstone for good."

"So, it's really all about you?" I tease.

"Then there is the question of you." He smiles, putting his hand on his chin. "I was so proud of you today, Julia. You kept a cool head even in a chaotic situation. You allowed Robert to help you, Val to advise you, Paul to speak for you, and me to defend you. You didn't have to do everything yourself and you opened up to all of us showing your love and gratitude."

"This is a question?" I ask, basking in his praise.

"Our deal is done. Your month of submission is over. I have no more arrangements to make for you. But, I think there still may be some rough edges that need smoothing. Only now you'll have to do it simply because you want to, not because you have to."

"And if I do?"

"The world of dominance and submission is deep and wide. There is plenty more to learn, see, and do. I'd say it's time for you to move to the next level."

"I've been chastised and punished, taken over a desk, against a wall, and in a pool. I've been tied up, bent over, spanked red, and stretched in my most intimate places. Frankly, Mark, I have to say the thought of the 'next level' scares the living hell out of me!"

"So are you ready?" He stands holding his hand out to me. I think for a moment, toss the blanket off and set my wine down. Trembling I reach out and take his hand.

"Quite."

He guides me toward the hall containing the bedrooms and I instinctively turn toward the door of his "playroom", but his hand pulls me in another direction. We go down the hall to a final room at the end. Opening the door, I see it is his bedroom, the one he sleeps in every night. The one place I've been dying to go, but could never manage to get myself into because I had to wait for him to invite me.

The room is elegant in Mark's simple, straightforward style. An antique dresser with one of those men's watch and cuff drawers built into the top lines one wall and the closet's sliding door takes up most of another, revealing a walk-in roughly the size of my living room. His sheets and window treatments are a beautiful blend of browns, golds, and highlights that make the room seem to pop with possibilities and satisfaction all at the same time.

"I like your decorator," I say appreciatively.

"I like the decoration," Mark replies, leaning down to kiss me deeply. He opens the robe I borrowed after my shower and lets it drop to the floor. I stand there naked, open, and unguarded as he wraps his arms around me. I let myself go as he lifts me and places me on top of the bed.

I feel this moment's peaceful pulse and do nothing but watch as Mark unbuttons his shirt and discards his clothing. This time it's he who seems in a hurry to get things done. He joins me on the bed and holds me in his strong arms.

"You're so beautiful, Julia," he says again and again, like a mantra. "So beautiful, so beautiful, so beautiful."

My mouth silences him as I turn over to kiss him. It's a deep kiss so full of longing and desire it seems our very souls are flowing between our two bodies and I nearly cry when he pulls his mouth away. I'm appeased when it leaves me and makes its way to my br**sts which he fondles and nuzzles and licks, his hand finding a path to the wanting slit between my legs.

Our bodies move together in a supernatural accord. He shifts, I open. He licks and I rise. He lines himself up in the entrance of my core and I am wet, waiting and wanting his shaft to push forward-filling and fulfilling me. Our lovemaking takes on a life of its own with a heartbeat that accelerates as he slides deeper into my body, the folds of my flesh gripping and flittering against him. He moves slowly but intently back and forth creating a beat my body follows willingly and easily.

I wrap my legs around his, pulling Mark further inside me as my hips surge and follow his thrusts. He continues kissing and whispering to me as I feel his shaft inside me, throbbing and ready to release. But he holds on, waiting until he can see by the look in my eyes and the snap of my hips that I am almost there with him. My hands grip his back and I am lost in the thrusts that rock my body and soul so steadily. I see myself on that cliff again, my arms open and with no fear, no push, no thought at all, I lean into Mark and fly.

I gasp as the deep tremors shake my whole body. Then the gasp grows deeper and more urgent and I realize it's his pleasure moan, with mine, making a unified sound that echoes through the golden room. I feel his seed buried deep in my body just as his heart becomes attached to my soul. We cling together riding out the wave of our pleasure until he must withdraw. He kisses and holds me until we both succumb to the power of the moment and the exhaustion of the day.

We wake up sometime later, too early to be morning but too late to be night. I continue kissing his chest and snuggling against him.

"You know what I need?" I ask seductively.

"Hmmm?" he mumbles, clearly still waking.

"I need some chocolate!" That gets his attention. He sits up directly and reaches for his cell. Within minutes he has a bakery on its way with treats, and he is getting ready to put some strong coffee on.

"We're not getting all the way up, are we?" I ask. I was hoping for a nice bedtime snacking session.

"No time like the present! Things to accomplish in our brave new world," he says cheerfully.

"Oh my god," I murmur. "You're a morning person."

I manage to wake up enough to be good company as we drink our coffee and eat sweets. I don't know what the future holds for us, but I sure know last night will stand in memory as one of the best nights in my life.

"I don't want to drag up old crap," I say tentatively. "But, why do you think Blake started talking about my father yesterday. His death was a blow to me like none other, yet, I can't imagine your brother knowing or caring about that."

"Blake was trying to dredge up your guilt. He knows guilt is one of the most powerful ways to get inside someone. If you can activate the guilt button, people will let you bother, control, or harm them without defense."

"But that didn't work."

"No, instead of pushing your guilt button, he just succeeded in pushing my anger button." Mark laughed.

"Well, I don't feel guilty about dad. I miss him every day, but I know he would be really happy with the changes I've made in my life and I know his love is always with me."

"Good. The less guilt you have in your life, the less people can get you down."

I pause for a moment, taking a deep breath. He's right, of course. Guilt will kill a relationship faster than jealousy, apathy, or boredom. I let out a deep sigh that clues Mark in to the fact something big is coming.

"I do have something I feel guilty about," I say slowly, playing with my coffee stirrer and refusing to make eye contact. "I lied to you, Valerie, and pretty much everyone but Janice."

"About what?" He puts his coffee down and frowns in my direction.

"There really is a big story at Lynx I've been hiding. It's a make or break story and I didn't tell you about it because I didn't trust you and I thought you might be working for Blake or to get the story for Valerie. If Lynx folded, I was going to use it to start over."

"Well, I knew that bullshit about a 'source list' was a lie, but I couldn't figure out what you might be hiding and decided to let it go. What's the scoop?"

"I hired a college kid who was going to intern at Tilden-Jennings. I figured that firm works with every other firm on Wall Street so I might find a story or two. Bosses tell interns everything in order to impress them, and I hoped I'd get lucky. Well, I hit the jackpot. By then end of her semester, my source was given information about stock colliding, where the firms pretend to be rivals but secretly pick a stock to dump and battle over it. Smaller, less experienced firms see the big ones fighting and snap up the inflated stock-"

"I know what stock colliding is," Mark says. "And I know it's illegal. I also know the kinds of firms that get ripped off are the ones who handle retirement funds and small investors who can't afford to lose the money."

"Anyway, I have names, dates, emails, and proof that Tilden-Jennings and three of the major firms on the street were engaged. They brought down a number of college endowments, pension funds, and new businesses. I've got it all. I wrote it at home and kept the payments, source and research out of the office to protect the source. They must have seen some messages from me about the big story but other than that I've been super careful."

"Holy hell, Julia. You're going to piss off every power player in New York."

"That's not the point, Mark. The point is I have the story and it is written and ready to run. I'm leading off the next issue of Lynx with it. I'm going to put us back on the map."

"You think Blake's opposition was bad? Julia, even if Valerie had found that story, she wouldn't run it. It's a hornet's nest!"

"Valerie wouldn't run it because most of her friends are in it!" I counter, getting a bit angry. I thought he'd take my side but I can see the cutting edge is no place for a well-set businessman who cares more about the bottom line than a teacher in Iowa losing her retirement.

"Think twice before you do this. Blake was a spark. This is fire."

"I told you about it because I felt guilty keeping the secret, not because I wanted your advice," I snap, getting off the stool and heading to the bathroom where I hung my clothes to dry.

"I don't want to fight with you." I hear his footsteps follow behind me.

"Then stop talking."

I leave without so much as a goodbye kiss. He offers to drive me home but I tell him I'll hail a cab. I ask him not to reveal the story to anyone and he promises he won't. As I walk through his door, I hear him say one thing under his breath that chills me to the bone.

"I can see we still have a lot to learn."

Chapter 29

Blake Stone being trussed up and stuffed in a police car not only did something good for the city, it enlivened my entire soul. I spent the weekend in a whirlwind of energy doing laundry, coming up with layout and story leads, calling employees to tell them they were all rehired, and writing my editorial column for the next issue of Lynx. I even managed to go over to Janice's for lunch and take a quick trip for some new clothes.

Blake wasn't out of his cell in time for dinner, as he predicted, but did manage to get bailed out the next day. I wasn't too worried about him. On the advice of his new lawyer, he is staying home and laying low until trial. Mark spent his weekend at the office, helping investigators plow through the files and build a strong case. We talked on the phone a few times. I apologized for leaving angry, and he said we both had to do what we thought was right.

I didn't need an alarm clock to get me up Monday morning. I arrived at the office about a half-hour earlier than normal to find most of the staff already there. They brought in donuts and juice, and Janice put up a big banner that said, "Welcome back Miss Sharp." It had been purposely written to say "Welcome back Miss Shark" but there was a strike out through the "k" and a "p" had been put in its place. The staff clapped and cheered as I opened my office door. There is a flower arrangement from Mark on my desk. I stand in the doorway and my smile could have lit a small city at midnight.

"Miss Shark is indeed gone," I tell my excited staff. "But, Julia Sharp is here to stay!"

"Long live Miss Sharp!" someone cheers and another round of clapping ensues.

"Break up the love-fest," Janice grouses. "Let's get back to work. We have a magazine to put out!"

Everyone scurries to their cubicle or office, leaving the two of us standing together. I give her a quick hug and go to my desk. I place the flowers where I can see them and turn the small card over and over in my hand.

"Welcome back, Julia. I love you, M.S." It reads. There's a part of me that's a little disappointed because I thought he might attend my reunion with Lynx. I know he's swamped trying to keep his own company out of the mire right now so it makes sense he couldn't be here.

"Miss Sharp." Justin, the layout manager, comes in and plops down for our usual Monday meeting. "I need to know how you want to pursue the lead. I know a guy who might be able to get a hold of Blake Stone's booking photo and that would make an awesome cover, or if you wanted something more symbolic, like handcuffs on a dollar sign, I can get the illustrator started on sketches."

"What are you talking about Justin?"

"The Sandstone Ventures story, of course. It's not every day in New York that a major venture capitalist gets arrested for embezzlement, intimidation, and trying to take over a magazine. If any publication has the inside scoop on this, it's us. I figured it would be the lead."

"We aren't covering that," I say quietly. I thought about it, naturally. Images of Blake between the arms of those two cops on the cover of Lynx would give me enough satisfaction to smile for a year. But, while it may sooth the ego it won't pay the bills. When you pull outside of my reality, it's little else than another "corruption in the city" gig and it would expose me and Mark to more examination than either of us want right now.

"You've been out a month, our deadline is this week and we've got nothing to lead. I can grab Fatima's story about school vouchers, but I don't think it's hot off the press material."

"School. That reminds me. Is Andy busy on something big? He's our best street guy and I have an assignment for him right away. Send him in when you leave." I wave dismissing him. Then realize that's a Miss Shark habit, and I don't want to be her anymore. "Thank you. I'll get back to you soon. Now, go."

"But, I don't have anything for the cover!" he protests. I can't keep this a secret forever. I've got to trust my own staff.

"We have something very special making the cover. I have an expose I've been sitting on until the time is right. I'll get you some copy by the end of the day and you can get working on an image. But, Justin, it's all confidential, okay?"

"Of course." He nods. I watch him walk out and give Andy the "batter up" signal. Andy quickly scrambles into my office.

"I'm working on an essay about the gentrification of West Central," he says quickly as if I'm an interrogating officer.

"Well, stop. I have something better," I grumble. His eyes glisten and I clearly have his attention.

"Something juicy?"

"Down on Lexington and Dale there's a group, some kind of house that helps hookers. Walton House or something."

"Walden House," he corrects. "They are a charity that tries to help young sex workers make the transition out of the trade before they get sick or killed."

"Fine, Walden House."

"That's what they're called, you know. Sex workers. It's less demeaning than 'hookers' and not as biblically damning as 'prostitutes.' All women deserve some dignity, boss. Most of these girls-"

"Thank you, thank you," I interrupt his high horse. "I don't need you to tell me about dignity or these girls. I've met them. I know them. What I need you to do is get out there and find out why this charity is so underfunded it can only take two or three women at a time. This city can do better than that."

"You know them?" Andy asks, his face a mixture of awe and confusion. I can tell he's already sold on the story so I'll be getting something good out of him. He turns to leave and I realize the interruption is again a habit I'd like to change. It's becoming clear that the new me is going to have to fight to assert herself over the old habits.

"Andy," I call to him as he hits the doorway. "I don't want an objective piece of journalism. By the time this story is finished, I want Walden House to be so well funded they might need a new building to house all their programs. Got it?"

"Yes ma'am!" He beams and practically skips to his desk.

I spend most of the afternoon rewriting the Wall Street piece to give to Justin. I double check my facts and make sure I have some kind of backup for every claim I make. I'm quivering with excitement when Janice knocks on my door.

"FedEx Priority Mail, certified letter," she says, dumping the letter size package on my desk. "I had to sign for it and sign away the souls of my children."

"I thought you already sold those, for yoga pants." I laugh. Things aren't just back to normal, they are better than normal.

"Well, at least my butt is smaller than my kids now." She joins in the fun but doesn't go back to her desk.

"And?" Certified letters aren't something new around here. She knows I'll get to it when I can get to it.

"It's from Sandstone Ventures. I thought it might be important." She shrugs. I save what I'm working on and open the package. It's probably just a notice about the next board meeting or something. But, when I open the package the envelope just says, "Julia" in Mark's handwriting.

I rip open the envelope to find a letter, typed on his letterhead, copied to his assistant and his attorney. Janice turns to leave.

"Wait," I call to her. "You've got to see... you're not.... oh f**k. Oh my f**king... oh f**k! How could be I be so stupid? They aren't just Valerie's friends. They're his too! How could I be so damn dumb?"

"I don't know what this is about, but it can't be that bad," Janice says, taking the letter from my hand and give it the once-over. "Oh my god."

Pushing my chair back from my desk, I turn so she can't see how pale my face has gone. I ask her to read it again so I can hear it and formulate some kind of cogent thought before my head explodes.

"Dear Miss Sharp," she starts reading with a distinctly snotty tone, which doesn't help. "It has come to my attention that among the assets of Lynx Magazine is an as-yet unpublished story about the brokerage firm of Tilden-Jennings. As you know, by court order Lynx remains a part of Sandstone Ventures and you are subject to your original contract. Part of that contract stipulates Sandstone's ability to make and override business decisions we feel are prudent to the long-term health and profit of Sandstone Ventures. As such, I declare the Tilden-Jennings story to be detrimental to our interests-"

"His interests," I add unhelpfully, my blood already boiling.

"Henceforth," Janice continues reading. "I forbid you to print, use, or disseminate to anyone else the article, its research or its conclusions. This story will not be printed as long as you and Lynx Magazine remain property and have ties to Sandstone Ventures. Sincerely Yours, Mark L. Stone, Acting CEO, Sandstone Ventures.

"Can you believe this shit?" I ask Janice.

"He has a written note on the back, in case you didn't see it," Janice adds helpfully. She turns the paper around and on the back written again in Mark's precise script are two words. "Bury it."

Janice places the paper down on my desk and gently walks toward the door.

"Tell Justin to go home," I tell her. "I'm not going to have anything for him today."

"Yes ma'am," she says quietly.

Submission, subjugation, surrender, where does it end? When does what's good for me become what's bad for me, and how will I know when I've crossed that line? What am I giving up, and why would I? All the questions come swirling around me so fast I can't answer any one of them. But I don't have to because raw blinding anger is soon replacing any rational or philosophical thought in my head.

"Dear Mr. Stone," I write in an email sent to both his personal and business addresses. "You've got a lot of nerve telling me what to print and what I can't. Haven't you heard of freedom of the press? You can't stop me, and you shouldn't try. What are you going to do? Sue me? Go ahead; I've got about two-hundred dollars left in savings. Fire me? Been there. Arrest me? Done that! Get out of your f**king ivory tower and explain yourself or I'll not only publish this story, I'll publish this letter and burn what's left of your business down!"

I sign it "J. Sharp" just to let him know that no lovey-dovey conversation is going to happen over this travesty. If he wants to play ball in my court, then he better come equipped with a helmet, and a cup!

I fume and stomp around the office. I try to think of any way to appeal this decision without ruining my career. Just what do the Stone brothers have against a girl making a living anyway? I alternate between fury, self-pity, and revenge every few seconds. It takes forty-five minutes for my email to chime a response. It's not very long.

"I will be at your office at seven p.m. to discuss. Be alone."

I distract myself with other duties until five when the staff starts filing out. They all have a comfortable smile because the sight of me clomping in my office in circles and pulling out my hair tells them everything is back to the way it used to be. I force Janice to leave at six. The elevator dings at ten minutes to seven.

I run behind my desk, pull out some papers and pretend to be working on them when he walks through my office door, closing it behind me.

Mark walks in, his eyes on fire and his jaw clamped shut. "Who do you think you are?"

"Me? Who the hell do you think you are?" If he wants to come in here with a head of steam, I plan to meet him just the same way.

"I'm the CEO of Sandstone Ventures and you will listen to what I say!" Mark hisses. His tie is hanging open around his neck and his top button is undone. I can tell he's had a tough day and I'm sure my tirade isn't making it any nicer. But dammit, I worked too hard to let him do this to me.

"You're only the President because I helped you get rid of your ass**le brother so you can take the reins. And what do you do? What is your first act in charge?" I pick up his letter and fling it at him. "This!"

He dodges the letter and turns on me in a fury.

"Oh yes, Julia. You were such a help in saving my company. What did you do? Get arrested not once but twice? Tip off Blake and everyone else on the planet that we were trying to gather evidence and accuse me of f**king Valerie James! You were a big help."

"You were f**king Valerie James," I say completely losing sight of the fact we are fighting over the Wall Street story.

"In the past! Now, I'm f**king you!"

"Not anymore. No story, no f**ky. Is that how you like it?"

"Look." He turns, trying to be rational although for a moment there I thought I saw him give a quick smile. "I know those people. I work with them. I can't be a party to their downfall. This story is bigger than me or you or Lynx or Sandstone. A lot of people are going to get hurt."

"People who break the law and ruin people's retirement accounts need to be hurt," I counter almost catching my breath. "Besides, a magazine isn't a charity."

"Well you wouldn't know a hell of a lot about charity, or grace, would you?"

"Get out. Get the f**k out of my office."

"It isn't your office. Not really. It's Sandstone's isn't it? Or did you miss it when the judge said that?"

"Get out!" I scream and reach for the vase of flowers he sent me. I throw it and he turns just quick enough to block the shot with his shoulder, sending the vase careening into a bookshelf and shattering.

"That is it." He's got that look. He's back in control again, and he's about to take control of me.

Pressing and pushing me back toward the wall, he crowds and presses me until we are only about an inch apart. I feel his breath, his heart seems like it is pounding through his chest and when he traps my hands and holds me against the wall I lose all control.

He kisses me roughly, his lips pushing, surging, forcing his tongue between mine. I resist just long enough to realize I don't want to resist. Wrapping my arms around him I kiss back as he drags me to the center of the room. He twirls me, pushing me hard, and strategically grabbing my arms until my desktop is all I see. His hand pushes me down hard against the desk, his other runs up my thigh, setting me ablaze.

"Sounds like you still need some lessons," he growls, rubbing the back of my thighs. I reach back and pull up my skirt.

"Then teach me." I'm unable to contain my desire, lifting my hips to afford him entry. If he thinks he's taking me, he's got another thing coming, I'm giving myself.

Yanking my panties down, I feel the head of his c**k run up and down my nether lips a few times parting them just enough to reveal the wetness churning inside my core. He slowly inserts his tip into me, watching as my hips rock back and forth trying to pull him further and further inside me.

"Want it, huh?" He chuckles still keeping himself on the very inside of my opening, imprinting me with feelings of his presence and absence at the same time. It's maddening.

"You know I do," I manage to answer, trying once again to buck or come up with some movement that will bring him fully into me.

"Then have it." He laughs as he plunges his c**k deep inside me, parting my body like a hot knife through butter. I am instantly filled and skewered by his manhood and my mouth drops open in response to the overwhelming sensations. Not one to let me settle in, he starts thrusting, his rough, unhinged pounding taking over the rhythm of my pulse and pushing me up against the desk. The sound of his balls slapping against my skin echoes throughout the office and becomes the symphony of this hard ride.

I grip the side of my desk as I feel my body already clinching, wanting, and pulsing. I want to outlast him, I want control, I want to win this, I want...I want....I want...Oh god I want...

Shimmering spasms course throughout my entire body, as if the orgasm was actually coming through my spine and every nerve ending in my body was screaming in ecstasy. I shut my throat intending to keep this at least a silent 'O', but the sound tears through my resistance and a pleasing, soul charming gasp seems to leak out of my very throat.

My body goes limp underneath him and for a moment I think it's because the orgasm has shattered every bone in my body and turned me to dust. Only then do I realize there is so much slack because he has experienced an explosion of his own, deep within me, and can barely hold himself up any longer, let alone me.

Mark leans over and kisses the back of my neck lovingly before staggering to the chair he pushed up against the wall. He manages to zip his pants on the way, and by the time I manage to pull my own undies up and slowly move to my side of the desk, he has almost caught his breath, although his sweat stained hair betrays his effort.

"My god, you're one hot woman," he says breathlessly with a smile.

"I can't see," I say, shaking my head to clear the double vision left over from the sudden rush of adrenaline and endorphins in my system.

"Trust me, babe," he says with a huff. "You look good."

We sit quietly facing each other while our bodies, souls and minds put themselves together. He starts smiling, as if he just ate the sweetest piece of pie on earth and knows where he can find more. As usual it's me who breaks the silence.

"So, what do we do now?"

"Well for starters," he says rubbing his shoulder. "Next time I think I'll catch the paper, and dodge the flowers."

I laugh, even though I don't want to appear weak or happy, both of which I am at this moment.

"I'm serious, Mark. We can't go on like this. Fighting over decisions, f**king out of frenetic energy. Something is going to have to change."

"Let's ditch the fighting, and keep the frenetic f**king."

"I'm serious!" I fight the urge to smile.

"So am I," he says gently. "I've taken care of the fighting, but I wanted one more frenetic fun session over the desk before we journey into the next room of our love."

"What room? What care? What are you talking about? What have you done?"

"Okay." He sits up and puts his hands together in a gesture of supplication. "Confession time. Today was a set up. I want us to remember the passion and rough love we shared in my office, and now your office. I want us to have that possibility always before us."

"You were just trying to make me mad? Wait. It was a ruse? You aren't going to stop me from running the story?"

"I can't," he replies with a smile.

"Technically, you can," I remind him. "You might have written that letter to set up your scheme, but it's all true. As long as Lynx is a part of Sandstone you can overrule me, and as long as the Wall Street ass**les are your clients and friends you will."

"As long as Lynx is part of Sandstone," he says wagging his finger. "And that's only going to be until tomorrow morning."

My heart, just a few minutes ago pounding like it was planning to burst through my ribs is now sinking to the pit of my stomach. These Sandstone boys are some sick bastards.

"Now you're closing me?" I say, an absolutely look of disgust crosses my face. "This was just one last screw before you screw me?"

Mark laughs so loud I think pictures are going to fall off the wall.

"Julia, dear, you are so dramatic. No, I'm not closing you. I'm freeing you." He can tell by the look on my face that I've reached the pinnacle of confusion and have no choice but to listen to him. That's why he does things this way.

"I don't understand."

"I can't let that story run. But, if you're not a part of Sandstone, there's nothing I can do about it. So today I arranged for the sale of our shares we gained when we fronted you the capital. The new owners take over at midnight."

"You sold me? Without asking me?"

"I was pretty sure you'd approve. I sold forty percent of the shares, for a hearty sum, to Robert Clank. He really likes you and thinks you're a great risk. The rest of the shares I can sell back to you. Of course, the money will have to change hands at some point to make it legit, but I'm sure we can work that out over time."

"Me? You want to sell the rest of the shares back to me?"

"Yep. So, you'll own 60 percent of Lynx now. You have the majority control. Robert is going to be a silent partner owning 40 percent. His backing will make sure you make it through any lean times, and the Wall Street story is going to carry you to the top."

"Mark!" I jump up from my chair and walk as quickly as my blissfully sore insides will allow. "You gave me back my company. You kept your promise."

"I wish you didn't sound so surprised." He chuckles and pulls me onto his lap so he can hold me in his arms. "I love you, you know."

"I know." My eye catches the remnants of the vase all over the floor. "I'm so sorry about tonight."

"Don't be. It definitely shows us what we need to work on, besides your pitching arm."

"Thank you." I kiss him again, enjoying the slow movement of our lips together, "and thank you for Lynx."

"It was the smart move. Besides all the dust your story is going to kick up, it wouldn't look right if my company held majority control of the magazine owned and edited by my future wife."

"Yes," I agree, before realizing what he said. Wait, did he actually say that? "Future wife"? A huge smile starts building on my face. It wasn't a proposal but it's good enough for now. I beam at him, feeling warm and fuzzy inside.

"It's like I told you before. We don't have a deal or a contract to lean back on. You don't need anything from me, and I hold nothing over you. The only way we can keep going down this road is if it is your choice."

I pause for a moment, letting my finger outline the bridge of his nose.

"You know," I finally manage to say. "When my father died, and I thought I lost Lynx, and you, I thought I had nothing left. Everything was stripped away. Without it all, I found me. That was me standing up at my father's funeral. That was me going into the lion's den to get that folder. That was me sprinting through the courthouse without shoes. That was me controlling my emotions when I could have spit in Blake's face. That courage, that honesty, that control, that passion, that power, that was all me."

"Yes, it was." Mark nods his affirmation. I take his hand and hold it open.

"Now, this is me," I say leaning over to kiss his palm, then put his hand over my heart. He looks at me quizzically.

"This is me, choosing you."

