Prologue

"Who the fuck is Lucien Knight?"

Dan's eyes flickered between the stranger on his doorstep and Sophie behind him on the staircase. She could practically hear the thoughts scrambling through his mind as his expression cycled from irritation, to confusion, to disbelief. It was as if he was trying to slot together the pieces of an invisible jigsaw without any idea what the finished picture should look like.

The rain outside had picked up from drizzle to downpour, and rivulets coursed down Lucien's face. He seemed not to even register it as he stood stock still, his arms crossed over his chest and one foot in the doorway in case Dan decided to slam it. His eyes were trained on Sophie.

"Should I know you?" Dan squared his shoulders as though preparing to meet threat with threat. Lucien's gaze moved slowly from Sophie to Dan, a knowing, derisory look that took in everything from his rumpled suit to his corporate haircut. He paused for a long moment before responding, his manner perfectly composed.

"I came to deliver these to your wife." He pulled a brown envelope from inside his jacket and held it out. His expression was unreadable.

It was an envelope Sophie had already seen once that day. Panic ripped through her body and galvanised her rigid legs into motion towards her husband, but the flap on the envelope was already open.

Dan glared down at the unaddressed, plain front and instinctively reached inside. The sight of the contents stilled his hand and froze his expression

The pictures. Graphic, photographic evidence of his extra-marital affair with Maria. Aghast, he shoved them hastily back inside in a vain attempt to stop Sophie from seeing them as she drew alongside him.

"Don't bother. She's already seen them," Lucien drawled.

Dan's face turned as grey as his jacket.

"Sophie, please..." He twisted around. "It isn't what it looks like..."

Lucien laughed. Actually laughed.

"Sorry. Carry on. I'm dying to hear this," he said, sarcasm all over his beautiful Viking face.

He's enjoying this, Sophie thought. Enjoying the destruction. The beginnings of rage blazed in her as she looked at him, arrogantly dominating the situation. But wait. No. He wasn't finding it funny. She searched his face, comprehension dawning. He was angry. White hot furious.

"Who the fuck do you think you are, anyway?" Dan blustered. "Magnum fucking PI?"

Lucien's expression darkened. "You don't want to know."

"You're right there. This," Dan smacked the envelope with the back of his hand, "is none of your business." He tried to slam the door, but Lucien's foot was in the way. He shoved it open again so hard that it slammed back against the wall.

Dan turned to Sophie in outrage. "What is this, Soph? Have you hired some crackpot detective to snoop on me?"

Sophie stared at him, curiously detached as she watched him squirm on the hook. How dare he be so indignant?

Catching a glimpse of his dangerously calm face, it crossed her mind that Lucien might take matters into his own hands and floor Dan, but she dismissed the thought. He was certainly capable, and certainly livid enough, but his self-control was legendary. Anyway, if anyone was going to hit him she wanted the pleasure for herself.

She stepped forward, plucking the envelope from Dan's fingers and finding her voice. She was surprised by how cool it sounded.

"Thank you Mr. Knight. I'll take it from here."

Why had he come here? Did he expect her to introduce him to Dan?

Hi husband, meet Lucien Knight, the man who just whisked me halfway around the world and screwed me ten ways backwards. Oh, and welcome home.

"Just go," she said, pleading with her eyes rather than her voice, which remained steady. "I'll handle this my way." She would worry about his motivation later.

Lucien's eyelashes were spiked with rain, and Sophie found her hands itching to slide inside his jacket and find solace in the heat of his arms. His expression filled her with foreboding.

"I'll be in touch," she added, desperate to diffuse the weapons-grade explosiveness of the situation.

"When?"

Dan stepped closer behind Sophie.

"I'm not sure," she said. "Please... leave this now."

Dan threw a scathing glance down the path at Lucien's Aston Martin.

"You heard the lady." Sophie flinched at the proprietary tone in his voice. "Take your flash car and piss off."

It happened in seconds.

One moment Lucien was outside, the next he was half way down the hallway with Dan pinned against the wall.

"The lady?" The two men were practically nose to nose. "The lady? I think you lost the right to speak for Sophie when you decided to screw someone other than your wife, don't you?"

At a serious disadvantage, Dan had the eyes of a hunted man but he came back at Lucien all the same, despite the strong forearm across his windpipe.

"Who the fuck are you to tell me anything about my marriage?" Fleetingly, Sophie was impressed by the bravado, though his blustering tone revolted her.

Lucien turned his head to look at Sophie. "I'm Sophie's friend. Someone who cares about her. Someone who happens to think she deserves more than a prick like you could ever give her."

He dropped his arm from Dan's throat, as if touching him sullied his battered leather jacket. He looked at Sophie for an endless moment, then made a slight motion with his head which could have signalled disgust, or pity, or exasperation, before turning to leave.

Dan rolled his shoulders back, bold now that the immediate danger had passed.

"Close the door on your way out," he muttered childishly at Lucien's back. Then, belligerent, "And stay the fuck away from my wife."

Lucien stilled, and Sophie's stomach dropped through the floor as he spun round, quick as a whip, and swung his fist squarely into Dan's chin, sending him sprawling.

"Your wife?" Lucien spat as he dragged Dan to his feet, blood from Dan's nose streaking his hands. "You're not fit to even look at Sophie, let alone call her your wife."

He had Dan by the collar, twisted at his throat. Sophie had never seen this side of Lucien, and she was suddenly terrified by the intensity and heat of his anger. There was such darkness within him, and something about this situation had plunged a knife straight into it.

Sophie felt sick. There was no glory in having these two men brawl over her. One menacing, the other indignant, both of them were fighting over something deeper than their feelings for her.

"Stop it." She grabbed hold of Lucien's arm and tried to drag him off, as effective as a kitten trying to wrangle a tiger. "Lucien, please. You're making things a hundred times worse." His grip didn't slacken until he glanced down at her hand, and his eyes settled on the bracelet around her wrist. His bracelet. His mother's bracelet.

The anguish on his face tore into Sophie's heart. He let Dan go as though he were radioactive, with a shove that sent him reeling, then moved close and dipped his head to Sophie's, his hand warm and firm on the back of her neck. His lips touched hers. For a moment, she forgot Dan was even there. The briefest of kisses, the deepest of messages.

You always have choices. Remember.

He released her gently and stalked away down the path, shaking Dan's blood from his knuckles as he left.

Chapter One

"Sophie."

Kara's worried voice wouldn't go away, however hard Sophie tried to block it out and stay asleep.

"Wake up, Soph."

Maybe she'd give up if Sophie feigned ignorance for long enough.

But a gentle, insistent hand shook her shoulder, so she sighed deeply and forced her reluctant eyelids to open to survey the scene.

The TV still on low from the night before. An empty wine bottle on the table. An equally empty glass next to it. One glass, the hallmark of a lonely heart. The fact that she'd slept on her own sofa rather than in her big, empty marital bed said even more about the state of Sophie's heart. Kara's pretty face creased in sympathy, but her eyes were clear and determined.

"You need to get up, babe."

"Do I?" Sophie muttered sourly. "Do I really?" She pushed herself up on her elbows beneath the bunched quilt she'd dragged off the spare bed a few nights back.

"Kara, my marriage is in tatters. My husband's gone, probably moved in with the mistress he's had for the last three years. I don't have a job. All I have is this sofa... " - she cast a look towards the TV - "...Jeremy Kyle, and red wine."

"Yeah. How's that working out for you?" Kara pointedly moved the wine glass and replaced it with a cup of tea. "The way you're going, you'll be on Jeremy Kyle, not watching it."

Sophie huffed and dragged herself up to a sitting position as Kara perched on the other end of the sofa and tucked her feet under the quilt.

"'I shagged my sex god boss whilst my husband was on holiday with his secret mistress' has a certain ring to it." Kara's eyes sparkled with gentle humour as she fished a box of paracetamol out of her pocket.

"Even Jeremy Kyle would struggle to unravel my problems," Sophie muttered, accepting the pills as Kara popped them out. The tea scalded her throat as she washed them down, but the pain barely even registered. Sophie was all out of tears and her pain receptors were well and truly off duty. Her body and mind had had enough, and a week hiding beneath the sanctuary of her quilt hadn't even scratched the surface when it came to restoring normal service.

"You don't need Jeremy. You've got me."

Sophie nodded ruefully. "Amen for you."

Kara had warned her at the outset that taking the job as Lucien Knight's PA was wrong on every level, but she'd gone ahead and done it anyway. The lure of Lucien had been too strong to resist. Too exciting. Too shiny, too new, too perfect a distraction from the bad stuff going on in her life.

And as only a true friend could, Kara had held back from saying 'I told you so' when Sophie's life had crumbled around her ears. She'd been steadfast, the only solid rock on fast shifting ground. She'd soothed Sophie's broken spirits over bottles of wine and late night telephone calls, and she'd called around with dinners that Sophie couldn't bring herself to eat. And now it was Saturday morning, and she'd let herself in with the spare key she'd appropriated, armed with carriers of fresh food and the firm intention to get Sophie off the sofa before it swallowed her whole.

Sophie sighed heavily. "Dan called last night."

Kara's eyes rounded a little. "Is he okay?"

"Not really." Sophie clutched her mug for comfort. "He's all over the place. Apologising in one breath then calling me names the next."

Kara nodded slowly. "Bit like you, then."

Sophie lifted a shoulder. "I guess."

"Did you ask him how his black eye was?"

"Do you think I did?" Sophie raised a sarcastic eyebrow at her friend.

"Has he moved in with...?" Kara didn't say Maria's name, but they both knew how the sentence ended.

"I didn't ask. Where else would he be though? They've been together for years. They've been on holiday together." Sophie breathed out shakily. "Where else would he be?"

Kara's sympathetic face and lack of reply confirmed her agreement even if she didn't voice it.

"Enough about Dan. What are we going to do about you?"

Sophie threw a baleful look at the empty wine bottle. "Restock my wine rack?"

"Soph, I'm serious. If you don't get your act together, everything will just stay the same." She reconsidered. "In fact, it won't stay the same. Your bills won't get paid, and the bank will take your house."

Sophie slid her mug onto the coffee table and pushed her hands through her hair. Ugh. Greasy and lank, and no doubt as dishevelled as the week old PJs she was wearing.

Kara was right. It was hard to hear, and impossible to imagine getting off the sofa for more than ten minutes, but the time for wallowing was over. The thought of losing her home was too much to bear, it had become her only constant.

"I don't know where to start, Kar."

Kara must have heard the wobble in Sophie's quiet words, because she gathered her up into a fortifying hug and then held her out again at arm's length.

"You can start by taking a shower. You stink."

Sophie wound the towel around her freshly showered hair and scrubbed a hand over the fogged up bathroom mirror. The face looking back at her through the cleared space eyed her coolly, taking in the slightly more pronounced cheekbones and the dark smudges around her eyes. Neither came as a shock. She could barely keep food down, and sleep wasn't coming easy.

She didn't know herself anymore. So many emotions warred inside her, she felt slashed to ribbons on their blades. Fear. Anger. Resentment. Guilt. Guilt. Guilt.

It didn't matter that Dan had been cheating on her for three years. She'd relinquished the moral high ground the first moment she'd set eyes on Lucien Knight, because she'd known. She'd taken the job even though she'd known what would happen, when she should have run for the hills. Yes. She deserved her guilt, and it was magnified ten times over thanks to Lucien's behaviour in the hallway last week. This was her mess. He had no right striding in and riding roughshod over everyone else to make his point. He'd forced her hand when she should have been the one making the decisions. By taking away her choices, he'd given Sophie one more argument to add to the ever-lengthening list of reasons to resent him. It was almost as long as the list of reasons why she'd allowed him to seduce her in the first place. Almost. She'd refused his numerous calls over the last week and ignored his text messages. She hoped and assumed that her failure to turn in for work would act as her unspoken resignation. Her time with Lucien had been brief and blindingly bright, but it was time to quit playing fairy stories about tragic snow princesses and chivalrous Vikings and face the grey, never-ending monotony of her ruined marriage head on. No more running. Or slumping on the sofa, for that matter.

Sophie followed her nose and found Kara in the kitchen singing along to the radio as she buttered hot toast. Maybe it was just the effect of showering the last week's grime and tears from her body, but Sophie felt her stomach rumble in response to the homely smell as she sat down at the kitchen table. It felt good to wear clean clothes again. She'd reached instinctively for her slouchiest jeans and a soft, nude pink sweater, looking for any scrap of comfort she could find. In the absence of warm arms, clothes and her trusty sheepskin boots would have to do.

"Your phone beeped. Seven times." Sophie cast a hunted glance at her mobile on the work surface. If Kara had looked at it, she'd no doubt have seen Lucien's name flash up on the screen.

"I've been ignoring him."

"He doesn't seem to like it. You have eleven unread messages."

"You've been in my phone?"

Kara shrugged unapologetically. "So shoot me. I'm worried about you, Soph. You can't stick your head in the sand."

"I'm okay." Sophie pulled the sleeves of her sweater down over her fingertips. "Or at least I will be, just as soon as I can find another job."

Kara slid a plate of toast onto the table. "I haven't seen many adverts for PAs to Viking sex gods lately," she observed, deadpan.

Sophie gave her friend a withering look and picked up a piece of toast.

"What are you going to do about him?" Kara's eyes flicked back to Sophie's mobile.

"Nothing."

"Something tells me that nothing isn't one of your options, Soph. You still work for him officially, remember?"

"It's up to me, not him. And I say no."

Kara nodded. "You'd better tell him that, then."

Sophie's shoulders slumped. "I know. I just can't face him yet."

"Send a text?"

Sophie shook her head. "And say what? 'Thanks for the sex and the temporary job, but I've decided to look for something a bit less heart-breaking?' You've never met him Kara. If you had, you'd know he isn't someone you can send packing with a text message."

Kara crossed to the sink to wash her mug. "Err, Soph... did you say he drives an Aston Martin?"

The beautiful black car purred into Sophie's mind. "Yes."

Kara turned away from the window. "Then I hate to say it, but I think he's coming up the garden path."

Both girls froze at the sound of the knock on the door.

"I'm not answering it," Sophie whispered, holding onto her coffee mug so tightly that her knuckles popped white against her skin. "I don't want to, Kara."

"I'll get it then."

"No! Just leave it. Please. He'll go away if we don't answer it."

"You reckon?" Lucien knocked again, harder this time. "Fuck, Soph, I know you said he was hot, but he's ay-may-zing." Kara's eyes were on stalks as she craned over the sink to get a better view through the window. "Please let me at least open the door for a proper look."

"I'm serious Kara," Sophie's whisper rose a strangled octave in panic. "I can't speak to him today."

"Sophie." Lucien's deep voice echoed along the hallway, and Sophie closed her eyes as Kara widened hers.

"Open this door, Sophie, or I will." His voice was level, but the threat was clear.

"Christ, is he going to break the door down?" Kara hissed, practically bouncing with excitement.

Sophie put her mug down and glanced worriedly along the hallway. She wasn't sure she could handle another showdown, but it seemed she was destined to have one anyway.

As she walked towards the door, she could make out Lucien's tall, familiar frame through the glass panes and her stomach rolled with nerves. The toast had been a mistake.

"I can see you, Sophie."

Her stomach flipped again, and it had little to do with the toast this time.

"Please go. I don't have anything to say."

"Well, I do. Now you can let me in, or I'll use this key that's right here in the door to let myself in." He paused to let his words sink in. "Which is it to be?"

Sophie's eyes darted in panic to her own keys safely on the hallway table, and then suspiciously towards Kara in the kitchen doorway. The frantic way she was feeling her pockets and the apologetic grimace on her face confirmed the worst. Lucien wasn't lying. He could have walked straight in. He was giving her a chance to invite him before he invited himself.

As her fingers hovered over the door catch, Sophie sighed and laid her head against the glass.

"I really don't want to open this door," she said, mostly to herself.

Lucien was silent on the other side. Waiting. Watching.

Sophie felt Kara's hand squeeze her shoulder in quiet solidarity.

"Open the door, Soph," she murmured. "I'm here. I'll make him leave if you really want him to."

Sophie swallowed hard, then pressed down the latch and pulled the handle towards her.

Pain registered first. Pain from the way Kara's fingernails suddenly bit into her shoulder. Sophie wasn't surprised. Meeting Lucien Knight for the first time had had a similar effect on her too.

Her gaze connected with his chest, solid, broad and clad in a battered black leather jacket.

She closed her eyes for a second before looking upwards, taking a moment to mentally assume the brace position. Three, two, one...

"Lucien."

It was the first time she'd said his name since he'd left this same hallway last weekend with Dan's blood on his hands, and it felt like a guilty pleasure on her lips.

His eyes locked onto hers.

"Sophie."

He didn't look away, didn't even seem to register Kara's presence beside Sophie.

"I need to talk to you."

Being so close to Lucien did strange things to Sophie's insides. She was seething mad with him for his previous behaviour, and yet the pure sexual pull of his body called to hers like a siren. How could she be so furious, and so mixed up, and yet still crave him too?

She hated her treacherous body for wanting him. Her resolve stiffened, and she glanced at Kara behind her. "I'll be okay." She patted her friend's hand to encourage her to release her death grip on her shoulder. "You should probably get going."

Kara's uncertain eyes slid from Sophie to Lucien, and then back to Sophie again.

"You're sure?"

Sophie nodded, and Kara's expression seemed to say a million things at once. She saw concern, and she loved her friend for it. She also saw admiration, and felt bolstered by Kara's confidence in her. And lastly she saw 'Let me stay because I want to stare at this man some more,' which Sophie could hardly blame her for.

She hugged her friend briefly and propelled her over the threshold, and Lucien stepped aside to allow her to pass. Sophie shivered and wrapped her arms around her midriff as she watched Kara's retreating back with an increasing sense of panic.

"So," Lucien said. "It's just you and me again."

Oh God. She couldn't do this. Everything he said came out sounding like a movie hero.

"What do you want, Lucien?"

"My PA back?" His tone was neutral as he held her gaze steadily.

A strangled laugh choked out of Sophie's throat.

"I've quit."

"I didn't get your resignation letter. Invite me in."

Sophie didn't want this big man in her small house, but the only other option was to continue the conversation on the doorstep, and she suspected that the neighbours were already having a field day with her marital problems. She could practically see the curtains twitching and hear the phone calls passing between them to alert each other to another potential sideshow going on in the street.

"Fine. Come in."

She turned her back on him and headed for the kitchen. She heard the door close and knew he was in the room by the crackling electricity of his nearness, but she forced herself not to turn around until she'd filled the kettle and reached for mugs.

"Sit down?" She turned and gestured towards a dining chair as she cleared the breakfast debris off the table, still not meeting his eyes.

He moved and sat where she'd indicated, his body somehow far too big for her kitchen. He was dressed in black, and it matched her mood.

Does he have to sprawl like that? How could he look so comfortable in another man's kitchen, with another man's wife? But then again, her husband had never registered highly on Lucien's respect radar.

Coffee made and on the table, Sophie was all out of delaying tactics. It was time to face Lucien Knight.

Chapter Two

"You didn't come to work on Monday."

Sophie placed the mugs on the table and sat down opposite Lucien.

"Did you seriously expect me to?"

He lifted one shoulder, as if bemused she even needed to ask. "Yes."

She shook her head. He couldn't be serious. "You hit my husband."

"Do you expect me to apologise? He deserved it." Lucien worked hard to maintain his casual bearing but the expression in his eyes went from cool to lava hot, leaving Sophie well aware of how on edge he was.

"You had no right." Sophie's fingernails bit into her palms as her fists tightened. "I wanted to do things my way. You took away my choices."

She watched him digest her words and for the briefest moment, saw uncertainty flicker in his eyes.

"Choices?" He leaned forward and drummed his fingers on the table. "Way I see it, you didn't have any choices to make, Sophie. Your husband's a lowlife, you needed rid of him."

Sophie mirrored his rigid stance across the table. "And there you go again, making my decisions for me."

A pulse flickered along the hard set of his clenched jaw.

"I thought you'd make the wrong one."

"So you made it for me."

He leaned back, folding his arms defiantly across his chest.

"I'm not sorry."

"Men never are." Sophie regretted the cheap generalisation the moment it left her lips, but the last few days had left her more than a little jaded.

"I'm not like him, Sophie." Lucien's words were spoken so softly that Sophie only just caught them.

"No. No, you're not like him," she spat. "You're your very own brand of fucked up, Lucien."

Her words must have hit home, because he cast his eyes down and sighed heavily. Robbed of the luxury of his expression, Sophie was almost undone by the vulnerability in his new aspect: the sweep of his long lashes against his cheekbone and the fullness of his slightly parted lips. For a split second she was transported back to his office in Norway, looking at the photograph of the boy this man had become, the laughing child with the mother he adored. He was alone in the world, and her point-scoring felt suddenly shoddy.

"I didn't mean to take away your choices." Lucien's voice was quiet but steady.

Sophie believed him. He was a man who operated on his own screwed up set of morals, and in her heart she knew his actions had been driven by anger with Dan rather than a desire to control her.

Fact was, the end result would have been the same either way.

She'd have told Dan about her affair. Dan would have confessed to his affair.

Where do you go from there, really? They'd betrayed each other's trust, trampling their marriage into the dust as they went.

"Lucien." Sophie looked back into his air force blue eyes when he raised them to hers. "What's happened has happened. I need to find a way to get through this, and you need to find a new PA."

He huffed lightly. "I don't want a new PA. Come back to work."

"Never in a million years."

He shook his head. "We could make it work. We're grown ups, Sophie."

She all but laughed. "What, so I should just come into work as if nothing has happened? Make your coffee, type your reports, and conveniently forget we've had sex?"

"Who said forget?" Lucien's eyes darkened as they settled on hers again. "I don't want to forget fucking you. I don't want to forget how you feel in my hands, or how your face looks when you come."

Sophie stared at him, dry mouthed. He had a directness that knocked the air clean out of her lungs.

"So no. Not forget. Move on." He sipped his coffee. "You can go back to being the girl who kisses envelopes before she mails them."

Sophie tried to remember that girl. It was almost impossible. She was a stranger, even though only a few weeks had passed since she'd posted that fateful letter.

"I can't do it," she said, flatly.

"Yes you can. If nothing else Sophie, we can be friends, and colleagues."

He made it sound so perfectly reasonable. So achievable. So very casual. Easy come, easy go. But then wasn't that exactly who he was?

It might be who he was, but it wasn't who she was.

"I can't, Lucien, it's too hard. I can't be friends with you, and I can't sort out the mess my life is in with you around."

Lucien looked around her small kitchen. "I take it he's not living here anymore?"

Surprised by his change of tack, Sophie shook her head and dug her nails into her palms again. Physical pain to distract from the mental pain, but the tears gathered regardless.

"Are you okay on your own?" he asked softly.

She closed her eyes. Don't do that. Don't be gentle. I'll dissolve if you do that.

She dashed the back of her sleeve across her eyes.

"Not really." Lying would have been smarter, but it felt way beyond her emotional capabilities. "I don't know who I am anymore. I'm not sleeping. I'm hiding from the neighbours. They're probably out there now photographing your car on their mobile phones."

Lucien reached out across the table, and Sophie snatched her hands away before he could touch them.

"You should go." She dragged her eyes up to his. "Don't come here again, Lucien." Her words were little more than a whisper in the quiet room. "This is my life. I need to find a way to live it."

She didn't look up until she heard the front door bang behind him.

Lucien scowled at the kids running around his car, sending them scattering.

Sophie was right. He had no place here.

Hell only knew why he'd come here today. Hadn't he already got what he wanted? Sophie had kicked her husband to the kerb, so why didn't he feel the victory as he ought to?

Because she was broken.

It shocked him to see her so gaunt, to know that he'd set her on a long, lonely path. He hadn't thought beyond the glory of winning the battle, and he hadn't counted on Sophie being amongst the losers.

He cast a long, last look at the small neat house.

This wasn't over. Not by a mile.

Chapter Three

Sophie closed the file on the computer screen and reached for her mobile. Even though it had only been a few weeks since she'd last worked at Hopkins Building and Double Glazing, sitting at her old desk felt like stepping back into shoes that didn't fit any more.

She knew she was lucky that Derek hadn't filled her position already, and she really ought to be more grateful that he'd taken her back on. And she was, she really was, but there was no denying that double-glazing quotes were far less scintillating than sex toy analysis reports. And as bosses went, Lucien Knight was a hard act to follow.

She glanced surreptitiously at the screen of her phone. No messages. Not that she was expecting any. Dan had gone radio silent over the last three weeks, and Lucien seemed to have taken her at her word since their last encounter.

She missed them both.

"Sophie, my girl." Derek blustered into Sophie's tiny box room of an office and squashed his not inconsiderable bulk alongside her behind the desk. Sophie swallowed hard as he laid his chubby hand on her shoulder and squeezed it whilst he squinted at her screen.

"Everything alright, love? Settling back in?" Sophie smiled tightly and nodded, trying not to notice the way his belly was bidding to escape through his straining shirt buttons.

"Found everything you need?" Derek's grip on her shoulder went from squeezing to massaging, and Sophie had to work hard to keep the grimace off her face. She nodded again, unable to speak through gritted teeth.

He was still massaging.

"I knew you'd be back. Can't keep away, eh?" he laughed dirtily, and then leaned in so his body touched against the side of Sophie's. His fingers edged along her shoulder to rub at the exposed skin at her collar; clammy, raw sausages that made Sophie's skin crawl.

"I hear on the office grapevine that your husband's got himself a piece of skirt."

Sophie really needed this job.

She'd tried and failed to find anything else over the last few weeks. Coming back here had been the only immediate way she could see to pay the red bills that had started to fall through the letterbox. Derek obviously knew it too. He had her over a barrel and clearly felt that he was the ideal candidate to step into Dan's recently vacated shoes, but he'd overstepped the mark by a mile. She wasn't the same girl he'd lazily harassed in the past.

"Derek... I don't think..."

His massage turned to a grip that held her down, and his other hand landed on the side of her ribcage, horribly close to her breast.

In normal circumstances, Sophie would have made it clear to him that his advances were unacceptable, but these weren't normal circumstances or normal days. She was already battered, and this was one fight too many. Shameful tears gathered in her eyes as Derek's cigarette breath assaulted her nostrils.

"It's good to have you back, Sophie."

The telephone shrilled on the desk and broke the moment, and Derek pulled back and patted her shoulder. "You'd better get that, love. I'll come back later when the lads have gone home."

There was not going to be a later.

Sophie watched Derek shamble across the yard outside, and anger engulfed her, anger fiercer than she'd ever known before, leaving her ready to beat her fists on the glass and scream at the top of her lungs.

Too much, too much, too much.

She reached for her coat and slung her bag over her shoulder. She'd lose her home before she lost the last few shreds of self-respect she had left.

Chapter Four

The following Monday found Sophie doing something she'd never expected to do again. No one gave her a second glance as she walked through the black glass atrium and rode the elevator to the top floor, and no one waylaid her as she walked down the plush corridor and tapped on the closed door at the end before pushing it open.

Lucien looked up from the report in his hand and stared at her in surprised silence, then slowly placed the plastic coffee cup he was holding down on the desk in front of him.

"A million years turned out to be too long," Sophie said, clicking the door shut behind her. She'd been rehearsing that comment all the way to work, determined to make a dignified entrance.

Lucien nodded slowly and gestured for her to take the seat opposite his.

"Have you already filled my job?"

He picked his pen up and tapped it idly on the desk. "A good PA is hard to find, Sophie. I'm taking my time."

She swallowed. He wasn't making it easy for her, but then she'd told him in no uncertain terms that their paths weren't going to cross again.

"Do you have any references, Ms. Black?"

Sophie sighed. So this was the game he wanted to play.

"No. I walked out of a job last week because the boss expected more than my typing skills for his money."

Lucien frowned and leaned forward, his dark shirt clinging to his defined shoulders. "Did he hurt you?" There was a rough edge to his voice that wasn't usually there.

Sophie shook her head. "Just my pride. I walked out before he could do anything else."

Lucien leaned back in his chair again, but his eyes were troubled.

"So here you are. Out of the frying pan, into the fire."

"I need a job, Lucien. That's all." Sophie fought to keep her voice steady as she said more of the words she'd practiced over and over in her head on the way there. "I'll type your reports, and I'll make your coffee, and at the end of the day, I'll put my coat on and go home again."

He nodded. "To your empty house."

Sophie's eyes flicked sharply to his. Was he fishing to find out whether Dan had moved back home? She steadied her breathing and shrugged one shoulder as she nodded.

"To my empty house."

Lucien steepled his fingers beneath his chin and studied her.

"Will you kiss my envelopes before you mail them?"

"Will you give me my job back if I say yes?"

He gestured towards the doorway to her old office.

"It's all yours."

Relief flooded Sophie's bones, and also an unexpected, disorienting sensation of safety, too.

"Just colleagues," she said.

"And friends," he murmured, with the slightest flicker of an eyebrow. He glanced sideways into Sophie's office at the gleaming coffee machine and dropped his plastic cup in the bin.

"Any chance you could start by making me a decent cup of coffee?"

Lucien sat for a second and listened to the clatter of cups and the tapping of keys on the keyboard from the room next door. Sounds that heralded the return of Sophie Black, the girl who surprised him. She'd done it once again today, just as she had the first time he'd met her. He knew how much it must have cost her to come back here today, and he wasn't fool enough to think she'd have come at all if she had any other options.

She was so much braver than she knew, and it impressed the hell out of him.

He'd grown accustomed to the silence over the weeks since she'd left, and it surprised him how much pleasure it gave him to hear Sophie next door again. He had no name for the emotion she stirred in him, and he didn't care to consider it beyond acknowledging the fact that in alleviating her money concerns by reinstating her, he could atone for the guilt he felt about his part in her unhappiness.

Besides. There was no denying the fact that she made a mean espresso.

Sophie reacquainted herself with another desk she hadn't figured on sitting behind again, but this time around there was no accompanying sense of unease. Things were as she'd left them, pen pot to the right, diary to the left. A glance inside the diary revealed notes in someone else's hand, evidence that things had been kept ticking over in her absence. Almost as if a caretaker had ensured that things were ready and waiting for her just in case she should need them.

Sophie shook the foolish thoughts from her head and clicked the computer into life, watching the familiar Knight Inc. logo emblazon itself instantly across the screen.

She'd seen that logo so many times, in so many places. Here, in this building. On the tail of Lucien's jet. And printed on the tiny bottle of neroli massage oil Lucien had used to work her into a state of boneless ecstasy in front of his roaring fire in Norway.

Norway.

The land of soaring alpine mountains, of dancing night skies flashed through with more colours than a paint box, and of beautiful Vikings who could melt your knickers at twenty paces.

He was less than twenty paces away right now.

Chapter Five

'Lunch?'

Sophie looked up from the diary to the screen as the instant message alert broke the silence in her office. There was only one person in this building who messaged her, even though she'd have been able to hear his voice perfectly well from his desk just outside her doorway.

'I'm not really hungry. I'll work through.'

It was a lie, but the idea of sharing lunch with Lucien chased away any hunger pangs.

'You need to eat. You're too pale.'

She couldn't argue with the facts. No amount of carefully applied make up could conceal the grey tinge on her skin.

'I'll get something later. Please. I'd rather.'

Sophie didn't know how to be clearer without being rude. Surely it was obvious that she needed to avoid spending unnecessary time with him? Just seeing him again that morning had affected her more than she'd thought it would. He made her breathless, and he made her feel things she didn't have the emotional wherewithal to feel right now. Her body responded to his nearness even when her head said no, and that situation had danger written all over it.

Lucien muttered something indistinguishable in the other room and Sophie heard his door bang behind him a minute or two later. She dropped her head into her hands, her palms pushed into her aching eye sockets. What the hell was she doing here? Everything in her life was jumbled. How could coming back here do anything but make her life a million times more complicated?

She knew the official answer, the one she had told herself and was ready to give to anyone else who cared to ask. She was here because it was a straight choice between this, being groped by Derek, or destitution.

But the unofficial answer lingered on the edges of her mind too, even though she refused to allow it any headroom. There was a tiny but influential element of the decision that wasn't about those practicalities. It was because she was lonely, because she ached to feel alive again, and because being near to Lucien soothed her, which she knew was entirely ridiculous, given that he was the most lethal man she'd ever met.

Sophie puffed out the breath she'd been holding in and stared out of the picture window at the city skyline. It was vast, she was all at sea in it, and right now her job was the only lifeboat she could cling to. She'd be okay. She'd keep her head above water... just as long as she didn't cling to the skipper too.

Lucien walked into his office half an hour later just as Sophie deposited a sheaf of papers on his desk.

"Lunch."

He dropped a couple of brown paper bags on the coffee table in the corner of his office and shucked off his dark woolen reefer jacket. Sophie had to look away. He had a way of wearing business dress that rendered him centrefold-worthy. His close cut dark shirts defined the taut lines of his body, and Sophie had yet to see him in a tie. His top button may as well not have been there for the amount he used it, and his shirt-sleeves were always folded back to reveal tanned forearms. The man was a walking, talking poster boy for his own sinfully sexy empire.

Sophie hovered, uncertain. She was hungry, and whatever was in those brown bags smelt divine.

"It's just food, Sophie. Come and eat."

Lucien settled on the sofa and reached for the bags, then looked up at her expectantly.

Sophie knew she was being churlish. If this was going to work, she had to find a way to be around Lucien without remembering how things had been between them last time around.

That was then, and this was now, and he was laying little cartons of Chinese food out on the table that she really, really wanted to taste. Her feet propelled her towards the sofa almost of their own accord, but still she perched as far away from Lucien as she possibly could without tumbling off the edge.

He watched her coolly for a second, and then reached across the void and handed her a pair of chopsticks. She eyed them doubtfully.

"I'm not great with these."

"I can't hear you Sophie. You're practically in the other room." Lucien cupped his hand to his ear, and she rolled her eyes and scooted a little closer to the food, and to him. He nudged a carton across the table.

"Try this. I think you'll like it."

The delicious scent of Singapore noodles filled her nostrils as soon as she opened the carton. Novice as she was with chopsticks, she managed well enough to discover that Lucien was right - they were divine.

He handled his chopsticks with the ease of a man who used them often, and each new carton he offered her held amazing flavours and textures. Delicate glass noodles. Fiery rare fillet beef. Tender lobster. He encouraged her to try a little of everything, and Sophie found herself relaxing a little as the good food hit her stomach. Even the chopsticks behaved themselves, right up until the point Lucien insisted she test a particularly fragrant rice dish. Try as she might, more than a few grains at a time eluded her grip, until she laughed and placed the carton down, defeated.

"Like this." Lucien demonstrated the correct way to use the sticks. "Keep the ends even, and pinch the top one between your thumb and finger." He frowned as she tried and failed to copy his example. "Wedge the bottom one here, like this." He looked at his own hand, and then at hers. He made it look so simple. Of course he did.

Lucien moved along the sofa, close enough to reach out and touch her fingers with his own

"Not like that. Like this."

His warm hand brushed hers, placing her fingers into the perfect arrangement around the chopsticks. Sophie couldn't meet his eyes. The casual touch of his fingertips against her skin was enough to dissolve any further interest she had in eating. She badly wanted not to react to him, not to remember, not to want more... but it was too hard.

"Sophie."

She dragged her eyes upwards and found him watching her closely. He took the chopsticks from her fingers and placed them on the coffee table.

"I'm sorry..." she said, and cast her gaze upward to the ceiling as she blinked tears back in. What was happening to her? She didn't cry easily, and yet these past few weeks she'd wept enough to cause a flood hazard.

"Jesus. Come here."

When Lucien moved in close and pulled her into his arms, Sophie couldn't fight it. No one - apart from Kara, her dear, dear, friend - had held her for weeks. And Kara didn't hold her like this. She really, really needed it. Her unchecked tears dampened his shirt, and his familiar, expensive warm spice smell assaulted her senses. The strength of his arms. The gentle rub of his hand over her back. Little by little, his comforting eased the heave of her shoulders and stole away the painful ache from her chest.

Sophie's eyelashes drifted down, and somewhere along the line, the touch of Lucien's hands went from being comforting to something else. Something way, way too intensely pleasurable to call a halt to. She became aware of the heat of his back where her arm curved around him, and the steady beat of his heart where her palm lay flat against the buttons of his shirt.

Did his lips brush against her hair when he murmured her name?

Did she turn her face into the warm, golden skin at the hollow of his neck?

His mouth was a whisper from hers when she tilted her head, close enough for his breath to warm her lips. Lucien was a long way beyond irresistible. Sophie closed the barely there space between them, letting her lips brush his jaw. The lowest of moans escaped Lucien's throat, and his gentle fingers cradled her cheek to draw her face in to his. He kissed her then, warm, slow and delicious. Pliant lips. The suggestion of his tongue against hers. His fingers in her hair. Murmured endearments in her mouth.

"Princess."

Lucien let himself hold her for a few moments longer. She felt so damn good in his arms. He was around five heartbeats away from pushing her down on the sofa and burying himself inside her, and he knew that right now she wouldn't stop him. But he also knew that she'd regret it as soon as it was over, and that she wouldn't come back again tomorrow. He wanted her to come back again tomorrow.

She was porcelain in his hands. His thumb skimmed her raised collarbone and he was beyond tempted to slide his hand inside her blouse to cup the fullness of her breast. He'd caught a glimpse of her black bra strap earlier, and remembering the sight of her body from the times he'd opened her blouse a few short weeks before only made it harder not to reach for her buttons. Would she still look the same? Every lush curve seemed a little less full than the last time he'd held her.

But it went deeper, too. It wasn't just her body that had taken the hit over the last few weeks. From the moment she'd walked into his office that morning, brittle fragility had been written all over her face. She'd come to him because she had no other choice, and whichever way he shook it down, that wasn't a good basis for sex. So he held her and tasted the sweetness of her mouth, then gently eased back and smoothed her mussed up hair behind her ear while she caught her breath.

He watched her eyes and saw lust give way to confusion, then to a dawning realisation, a re-examination of what the hell she was doing.

She covered her mouth with shaky fingers.

"I'm sorry," she whispered, wide-eyed. "I didn't mean..."

"It's okay. I know."

Sophie dropped her hands into her lap, and Lucien covered them with his own. He felt her move to pull them away but he held them steady.

"Sophie, there's nothing I'd have liked to do more then let that carry on, but even I can see that it's not what you need right now."

She nodded, her gaze fixed on his hands.

"I shouldn't have come here." The flat, deflated sound of her voice pierced him. "It's not going to work, is it?"

"Not if you can't keep you hands off me, no," Lucien said, choosing a light tone, glad when she laughed shakily and looked up.

"I think we're going to need some rules."

Lucien raised an eyebrow at her suggestion. In general, he preferred to be the one making the rules.

"Go on." He waited to see if Sophie's rules were the kind of rules he could live with.

"Well..." She glanced down at his hands still covering hers. "No touching, for starters."

He swallowed hard, then nodded grimly and moved his hands. He didn't say it, but the idea of having Sophie around him and not touching her made his balls ache.

It helped a little that she looked equally regretful at the loss of contact.

"Anything else?"

She caught her lip between her teeth and then released it. He watched the movement and wanted to kiss her some more, to feel those lips open under his again.

Those lips had slid over his cock. He felt himself starting to harden at the memory.

"No flirting," Sophie said.

"I don't flirt."

"You flirt all of the time."

Lucien frowned. He didn't flirt. He just made it clear what he wanted. There was a difference.

"I can't promise not to do something I don't do anyway."

"Okay, let me put it another way," Sophie said with exaggerated patience. "My name's Sophie, not Ms. Black. Don't ask me to kiss your envelopes. Don't buy me lunch."

"Friends can buy each other lunch."

"Lucien, we just ended up snogging on your sofa because of lunch," Sophie pointed out.

"Snogging? Could you be any more English?" He rolled his eyes. "I don't snog. I kiss, Sophie. I've practiced kissing for a long time. I'm good at it."

It was Sophie's turn to roll her eyes. "Fine. Well, that's another thing. No kissing."

"But snogging's okay?" He knew he was winding her up, but the pleasure of seeing the fire return to her eyes was worth it.

"Lucien, please! I'm being serious. No kissing, no snogging... call it what you like. No anything that involves your mouth touching mine."

"Not even mouth to mouth if you're dying?"

She looked for a second as if she wanted to actually hit him, but the way her eyes flickered momentarily to his mouth gave her away. She could talk the talk, but walking the walk was much harder.

"Okay, okay. No kissing. No touching. No flirting." He touched his fingers to his forehead in mock salute.

She was asking a lot, and he wasn't certain he could abide by her rules twenty-four seven. The plain fact was that this thing between them wasn't just basic chemistry. It was lethal, combustible dynamite, and it was only going to be made ten times more difficult by denial.

But he'd try. For Sophie Black, he was willing to try.

<br/>

A glance at the clock revealed the time to be just before midday, which came as no surprise since she'd checked it only ten minutes previously.

Dan would be here in half an hour.

It had been inevitable that he'd be in touch, but still, the curt text to let her know he'd be round over the weekend to collect his belongings had seemed unnecessarily abrupt.

Had he heard that she was working for Lucien again?

And what exactly did he plan to take?

Most of their belongings had been joint purchases, things they'd ummed and aahed pleasurably over together, enjoying the process of turning their house into a home. The last thing she wanted was one of those agonisingly hackneyed arguments over their CD collection.

Sophie jumped at the sound of the knock on the door. She'd wondered if he would use his key, and now she had her answer. In the hallway, she glanced at her reflection. She'd been stupidly stressed over what to wear for his visit, not wanting to appear downtrodden, but then she didn't want to look as if she'd dressed up for him either. In the end, she'd settled on jeans and her favourite T-shirt. An outfit that she hoped said 'I'm relaxed and comfortable, take me as you find me.'

She smoothed a nervous hand over her ponytail and opened the door.

"Hey Soph."

Sophie had tried to imagine how she'd feel when she came face to face with Dan again.

This was the man she'd shared her bed and her heart with for all of her adult life.

This was the man she'd promised herself to, for better, for worse.

This was the only man she'd ever loved.

And now he was here the overriding feeling that spiked through her was fury, because as his car idled at the other end of the pathway to their door, she couldn't fail to observe that Maria was behind the wheel.

Dan caught her looking past him and had the grace to flush.

"Sorry, Soph. She insisted."

Sophie rolled her eyes. "I can't think why. Are you allowed across the threshold, or shall I throw your clothes at you from the bedroom window?"

"Don't be stupid."

He shot a quick glance back towards his girlfriend and then followed Sophie down the hallway.

In the kitchen, she leaned against the work surface. "Coffee, or do you need to rush off?" However hard she tried to sound measured, the sarcastic edge won out.

He shrugged awkwardly. "I'd better not."

Sophie paused. "Right." He glanced around the kitchen, and she found she had to look away to swallow the sudden lump in her throat. His kitchen. Her kitchen. Their home... yet he already looked entirely out of place.

"I've packed your clothes for you. And some other stuff. Toiletries... books... you know... things." She shrugged, attempted nonchalance and fell a long way short of the mark. She couldn't pretend that this didn't matter, nor that the fact that he had allowed Maria to be here today had turned the screw even tighter. He should have come alone. Their marriage deserved that much respect, at least.

His eyes fell on the bags in the hallway, and his shoulders drooped a little as he nodded. He contemplated them but made no move to pick them up, and eventually he turned his gaze back to Sophie.

"How have you been?"

His quietly spoken question caught her unawares. She shrugged one shoulder and scrunched her nose up. "You know. Up and down."

He looked away, and she saw his throat work as he nodded.

"How about you?" she asked, all at sea with her emotions. The heat of her anger had dissolved into bone deep sadness, and she couldn't lift her voice to pretend otherwise.

His body language mirrored hers. "The same. Soph, I..." Dan broke off at the sound of the car horn blaring from the street. He swore under his breath, and his jaw stiffened in anger.

"You're wanted," Sophie observed tonelessly. Because there was nothing else to say.

"Looks that way," he muttered, huffing as he stalked down the hallway to gather up the bags. He turned to her just before he opened the front door, and for a second the annoyance dropped off his face and left him vulnerable and exposed.

"I miss you."

Sophie looked at him, not sure what he expected her to say. That she missed him too? She didn't say it because she wasn't sure it was true. Oh, she'd had moments of utter, raw despair, but mostly she'd been angry and resentful. She hadn't yet reached the place where it was okay to miss him without berating herself for being weak.

The horn blared again.

Dan considered her for a few seconds more, and then turned and opened the door, leaving Sophie with just the scent of another woman's perfume to remind her that her husband had been there at all.

Later that evening, Sophie refilled two glasses of wine and took them upstairs to Kara, otherwise known as the queen of packers. They'd spent the afternoon shopping for Sophie's upcoming trip to Paris. Her plans to buy just a few essentials had gone badly awry with Kara at her side reasoning that new clothes were a necessity given her recent weight loss. She'd returned home laden with designer bags, accessorized with aching feet and a badly over-flexed credit card.

"I'm so borrowing this when you get back." Kara held Sophie's new cocktail dress against herself and turned critically to view her reflection. It wasn't a dress Sophie would usually have bought, but then it wasn't from a shop Sophie frequented, either. One of Kara's favourite designer haunts, the flamboyant owner had taken one long, assessing look at Sophie and held out the hideously expensive dress with a knowing look on his face. He'd dismissed Sophie's protests with an airy wave towards the changing room, and Sophie had accepted her fate. She'd try on the dress to prove him wrong. It was especially annoying that he'd called through a reminder that she'd need to take off her bra to do the dress justice.

Except she didn't prove him wrong. She proved him to be skilled at his job, because the instant she'd shimmied into the dress, she had fallen instantly in couture love.

Gossamer black lace over gunmetal grey silk, with tiny capped sleeves and a daring central black mesh V panel that showcased the curve of her breasts. The gown somehow managed to pull off demure and ultra sexy all at the same time. It was thoroughly grown up and sophisticated, very Parisian, and the closest Sophie had ever come to having an Audrey Hepburn moment.

Despite the heart attack price tag, she left the boutique with the killer dress wrapped and gift bagged, and a new fan in Conrad, the haughty boutique owner. Kara had clearly filled him in on Sophie's Paris trip while she'd been busy in the changing room, because he'd wafted her with perfume and bid her a theatrical 'au revoir' as he opened the door and bowed them out of the shop. The glint in his eye was more than knowing. It bordered on lascivious.

Sophie assessed the clothes that covered her bed, along with shoes and accessories. Kara was organised to the point of borderline compulsive disorder. The outfits were perfect, right down to the earrings arranged on her pillow and the shoes positioned along the footboard - it looked like the bodies had been spirited away, leaving their clothes and accessories behind.

"You scare me." Sophie handed Kara a wine glass.

"Years of living out of a suitcase does that to a girl."

Kara held down a job as a sales manager for an international drugs company and spent much of her time on the road for conventions and meetings. Coupled with her addiction to designer clothing, she was a girl who could out-pack a royal lady-in-waiting.

"You've got professional day outfits, more relaxed evening clothes, and your killer dress." Kara waved her hand to indicate each option as she spoke. "The only thing missing here is underwear."

Sophie knocked back a gulp of wine. "I don't need your help with that. I can sort out my own knickers."

Kara grinned. "I hope you're going silk and lace. No granny pants, okay?"

Sophie dropped onto the small sofa at the foot of the bed.

"Okay. Not that it really matters, because no one is going to see them."

Kara sat next to her and curled her legs underneath her. "You're sure about that?"

Sophie nodded and swirled the wine in her glass. "It's strictly business."

"You said that when you went to Norway."

Sophie bit her lip. Norway. Just the mention of the place sent a shiver down her spine. Though it was more akin to a finger stroking lightly down her backbone than a shudder of revulsion.

"Actually, I didn't. I knew perfectly well what was going to happen there. This genuinely is business. Lucien's opening a club in Paris, and he needs to visit the site."

"A sex club?"

"An adult club."

Kara laughed and shook her head. "And the difference is?"

Sophie shrugged and studied her wine glass. There wasn't a difference, aside from the nicety of the description.

When she looked back up, her friend's expression was troubled.

"Are you sure you're okay with this, Soph? Going to Paris, I mean?"

"Not really." Sophie took a deep drink from her wine glass. "But if I can't do my job, I'm no use there. I'll have to leave."

Kara nodded slowly, well aware of the demands of working for a high-flying boss. But this thing with Lucien and Sophie was a world away from her own experience. She sensed it wasn't the unsociable hours and sexual nature of the business that bothered her friend. It was Lucien, and having met him in all his dirty blond glory, Kara could well see why. It would take a saint to go to Paris with that man and not jump his bones, and lovely as Sophie was, she was no contender for sainthood. She was soft, and gentle, and still all kinds of messed up over Dan.

Kara understood why Sophie felt the need to keep Lucien at arm's length, but she wasn't convinced that her friend was equipped to act on her conviction. Nor even whether she should.

"What will you do if he makes a play for you?"

Sophie picked up a cushion and plucked at the stitching for a few seconds. "He won't."

"How can you be so sure?"

"Because he hasn't so far. I made the rules, and he's stuck to them."

Sophie knew in her heart that Lucien was a man who could be trusted. He wasn't Derek, shoving his pudgy, clammy hands where they shouldn't be. He wasn't seedy, and out to exploit her vulnerabilities. But, she admitted to herself, she was no safer with Lucien, because the man oozed sex from his very bones. Even with their chaste behaviour firmly established over the past weeks, he still stirred feelings inside her that left her breathless, confused and wildly turned on. She knew it wasn't a safe combination.

"That's all well and good in the office. You're going to Paris, the city of romance."

Sophie blew out a defiant sigh.

"I'm done with romance."

Kara flinched and rubbed Sophie's knee. "For now maybe. But not forever, Soph. You'll feel better, I promise."

"Promise?" Sophie tried to draw comfort from Kara's assurance. Cliched as it was, she loved romance. She'd always cried at rom-com movies even as Dan scoffed his way through them, and she adored Valentine's Day, even though her ever-cynical husband wrote it off as a marketer's manufactured wet dream.

"Can I say something without you hitting me?" Kara said.

Sophie nodded.

"Well, it's just... you're going to Paris with the most gorgeous man either of us have ever laid eyes on." She paused. "You have a killer dress." Kara paused again and cleared her throat. "So...throw your bloody rules out the window and shag his brains out!"

"Kara!" Surprise rounded Sophie's eyes into big blue pennies.

"What?" Kara asked, thoroughly unrepentant. "They say the best way to get over a man is to get under another one." She raised her eyebrows over the rim of her wine glass at Sophie. "What happens in Paris stays in Paris, and all that. Just sayin'."

Sophie shook her head and laughed softly. Kara had no clue, and she herself didn't have the words to explain how impossible it would be to have anything approaching a casual Parisian fling with Lucien Knight. The last time she'd dropped her guard and let him close, it had been all consuming. He'd taken her body and her mind to places she'd never known existed, and then returned her to her small world like Cinderella at the stroke of midnight.

Except she hadn't lost her shoe. She'd lost her marriage, her peace of mind, and her acceptance of being ordinary. Lucien was a whole lot of trouble because he made her want things she couldn't possibly have. He made ordinary life feel pale and insipid, a watered-down version of the existence she'd tasted that had him in it.

Was that why she'd gone back to work for him? To be close to him, to bask on the edge, bathed by the glow of the fantasy of Lucien's life without actually stepping back into the full glare?

Maybe. Truth told, Sophie didn't really know herself all that well at the moment.

Lucien had awoken sexual needs and desires within her that she'd never before acknowledged, and they were still there now, whether he was in her life or not.

He'd opened Pandora's box, and there was no way to put its troubles back inside again. Even if she sat on the lid.

Sophie glanced at the regimentally laid out clothes on the bed and sighed. She'd definitely be sitting on the lid of her suitcase, if nothing else.

She pulled herself back to the present and smiled at Kara, who grinned and clinked the rim of her glass against Sophie's with a conspiratorial wink.

Chapter Eight

Flying by private jet was a luxury that could never get old for her, but as Lucien slipped into the seat opposite, Sophie almost wished that they'd flown with a regular carrier. Safety in numbers. Two was definitely not a safe number. They were only due to be in the air for a little over an hour, but that hour suddenly seemed like an awfully long time to be confined in a small space with Lucien. It didn't help that he'd stripped her naked within five minutes of take-off the last time they'd left England together, or that their return flight held such dramatic, unhappy memories. Sophie and this jet had history, and her stomach flipped over as it started to taxi slowly along the runway.

Please let this flight be uneventful.

Lucien watched Sophie fidget with her seatbelt and then pick up and put a magazine down again. She crossed and uncrossed her legs and he forced his eyes away from the movement. The pink flush in her cheeks and the over-bright glow in her eyes told him of her heightened anxiety levels, even though she was masking it well with her professional veneer.

Yes, Mr.Knight, No, Mr.Knight. It was driving him crazy. He wanted to hear her say his name again.

"Would you consider it a breach of your rules if I asked you to go back to calling me Lucien while we're away?"

She looked at him, as wary as a cat on a hot tin roof. Ever since he'd informed her about their trip to Paris she'd retreated behind a mask of over politeness, which included addressing him by his formal name. In the past, this might have seemed flirtatious, but she'd made certain not to allow it to sound that way of late.

"I'd probably prefer not to."

"And I'd prefer it if you did. Or I could always go back to calling you Ms. Black, if you'd prefer?"

He knew perfectly well that she wouldn't prefer that, but she couldn't have it both ways. She eyed him tensely for a second.

"Fine. I'll call you by your first name until we get back to England."

"Go on then."

"Go on then what?"

"Call me by my first name."

She squirmed, and he knew he ought to let her off the hook. Would she do it?

"I'll use your name, but the no flirting rule is not to be broken. Deal?"

"I don't flirt, so no deal. Now say my name. Please."

"You're flirting and you know it."

"Sophie, if I was going to flirt, I'd ask you to say my name because I like how it sounds coming out of your mouth. Or maybe I'd say it reminds me of how you sound when you moan it when you're about to come." Lucien saw her eyes widen a fraction and her jaw stiffen. He wasn't sorry. Her rules were keeping him awake at night. "So, no. I wasn't flirting. You see the difference?"

They regarded each other in silence across the small space between their seats.

"Yes, Lucien. I see the difference." She said his name without emphasis, but his point had been made.

He managed to keep the small smile of triumph from his mouth as he reached for his newspaper. He wouldn't break her rules, but he sure would have fun pushing his luck. Besides. He had the distinct feeling that Sophie might break her own rules. If she did, then all bets were off.

Sophie stepped down onto the tarmac at Paris Le Bourget airport and breathed easily for the first time since they'd left the UK. The exchange in the jet had left her under no illusions. Lucien was barely keeping a lid on his lethal charm and the next few days were going to be a trial for both of them.

Kara's words rang in her ears as she slid into the back of the limousine. Throw your bloody rules out of the window and shag his brains out. She glanced sideways at Lucien, distracted by the fluency of his French as he conversed with the driver.

She wasn't even sure where they were staying. Lucien had a contact in Paris who had arranged their accommodation for them, and given the lifestyle he led, she was pretty sure that it wouldn't be a budget basic with a shared bathroom on the landing. Beyond that she was in the dark, apart from taking pains to clarify the separate sleeping arrangements. He'd rolled his eyes at her questions.

"Even I can see that it would break your no touching rule to share a bed, Sophie."

Nothing further had been said, and Sophie found herself relaxing as she drank in her first glimpses of Paris out of the darkened windows of the sleek car.

It was still early morning, and the rush hour was in full force. Cars queued bumper to bumper, horns beeped, and taxi drivers waved their arms out of their open windows. Everyone seemed to want to go at breakneck speed even though there was nowhere for them to go, and scooters buzzed in and out of the moving lines like flies. To Sophie at least, it was a different sort of chaos from London, like a scene from a movie compared to the dull, everyday reality of England.

The mish-mash of old and new buildings on the commercial outskirts of the city gave way to grander architecture along the tree-lined edges of the Seine as they proceeded into central Paris. To Sophie's eyes, even the pale grey skies overhead didn't detract from the beauty of the bridges that spanned the wide river, and she craned her neck to look up at the buildings, every inch the excited tourist seeing Paris for the first time. She turned to Lucien and found him watching her with an amused expression.

"Will we see the Eiffel Tower?"

She knew she sounded like a ten year-old in a candy store, but she couldn't hold it in. She'd spent so much time worrying about the trip that she hadn't allowed the excitement of seeing Paris to seep in. Now she was here, it hit her square between the eyes.

Lucien leaned forward and spoke to the driver again in fluent French, then slipped back into his place beside her.

"We will now."

Sophie realised he had asked for a detour, and was touched. What she hadn't bargained for was a full circuit of the architectural highlights of the city. She watched, delighted, as the scenery unfolded. There was the Louvre, grand and sprawling along the riverbank. The dramatic spires of Notre Dame soaring into the skies above. The unmistakable white curves and domes of the Sacre Cour. Lucien pointed them all out and offered snippets about each, knowledgeable and at ease with the city. The solid, grey but intricately detailed Arc de Triomphe. The majestic, glittering fountains of the Place de la Concorde, and, central to all of it, the Eiffel Tower. Excitement built in Sophie's gut at her first glimpse of it in the distance, and roared through her veins as they moved close up. It was every bit as spectacular as in movies and magazines, but infinitely larger and more imposing in real life. It wasn't just architecturally impressive. It stood as a symbol of every romantic novel and love song. It was the scene of countless proposals and Valentines. It radiated romance from its every iron nut and bolt, a great big latticed beating heart of the city that made lovers out of even the most stoic visitors. Lovers. Tour over, Sophie turned back to Lucien.

"Thank you for that. I loved it."

"I'd forgotten how it feels to see it through fresh eyes."

She regarded him. "You've spent a lot of time here?"

"Some." He lifted one shoulder. "Not so much in recent years."

He didn't offer further detail, yet Sophie sensed there was more to know. He clearly knew Paris well, but seemed reluctant to be drawn on the subject.

Further exploration would have to wait though, because the car had eased under a stone archway and slowed to a halt in a leafy little courtyard. How could this be nestled so peacefully behind the busy, cosmopolitan street they'd just driven along? Sophie stepped out into the cool morning and breathed in her first real taste of Parisian air. A faint smile tinged her lips. It was probably her fervent imagination, but she thought she smelled coffee, and croissants, and expensive cologne.

Lucien touched her elbow, and she turned to him with the small smile still on her face.

"This way."

He bowed his head towards an old, broad, studded door embedded in the thick grey wall of the building, and Sophie found herself walking into the elegant, shady vestibule of a sophisticated townhouse. Stunning arrangements of white orchids decorated the immaculate space, and when their driver summoned the elevator, something more akin to a beautiful, wrought iron birdcage than a functional lift descended. Sophie held the rail as they shuttled to the top of the building, watching the inner workings of the townhouse slide by outside the curved confines of the cage. Gracious landings. Picture windows.

And finally, the penthouse. Of course.

She knew she ought to be more accustomed to Lucien's idea of luxury, but this place was on another level again. He dismissed the driver and opened the door, and Sophie lingered for a second in the doorway, stopped in her tracks by the sheer opulence of the penthouse. Should she take her shoes off? Lucien placed a hand on the small of her back to propel her inside.

"Go in, Sophie." He hefted her luggage. "Have you packed house bricks in this thing?"

She glanced around at her packed-to-the-gunnels suitcase and then moved into the apartment, swallowing hard at the sound of the door clicking closed behind her.

This was it, then. Paris. With Lucien Knight.

Chapter Nine

"This isn't yours, is it?" Sophie whispered, robbed of her volume by awe.

Lucien dropped their bags down in the lounge. "No. It belongs to an old friend."

Something in the way he said it made Sophie look back over her shoulder at him, but his expression gave nothing away. Whoever the old friend was, he obviously wasn't going to elaborate.

Sophie could deduce for herself that their absent host was incredibly wealthy. The vast, high-ceilinged reception room had picture windows looking out over the city, complete with a postcard perfect view of the Eiffel Tower, and the chic interior decor screamed opulence. Marble tiles. Floor-to-ceiling heavy, dull gold silk drapes. Glittering glass chandeliers. Muted gold and duck-egg sofas and low glass coffee tables with more of those artfully displayed white orchids. The florist for this building clearly worked overtime. It was all so achingly glamorous, like walking onto a film set. Sophie crossed the room to a tall pair of gilt filigree doors, and when she opened them she found an intimate dining room for two leading out onto a balcony offering yet another panorama of the magnificent Eiffel Tower. She turned slowly back to Lucien.

"Wow."

Lucien nodded. "You should see the bedroom."

"Bedrooms, I hope?" Sophie corrected him quickly. She already felt like a kitten in a lion's lair. She needed a private sanctuary, preferably with a lockable door.

Lucien's eyes all but glazed over.

"I keep my promises Sophie." He led her to another set of double doors at the end of the reception room. "Your bedroom." He slid the doors back to reveal a sumptuously appointed suite, dominated by a bed large enough for four adults to stretch out like starfish and still not touch. Tranquillity meshed seamlessly with sensuality in the decor; with its opulent linens and grand mirrors, it was a room that promised the best of whichever activity you choose to use it for.

Lucien opened another door. "And my bedroom."

By any usual standards the room was stunning, but it was definitely the secondary bedroom of the penthouse.

"You can take this one, if you like?" Sophie gestured towards the larger room.

Lucien shook his head. "You'll change your mind when you see your bathroom."

Curiosity won out, and Sophie padded back through her room to open the glass sliding door to the bathroom. Yet again, she found herself stunned into momentary stillness.

"Wow again."

She sensed rather than physically felt Lucien come up behind her. His voice sounded suddenly very close to her neck.

"Quite something, eh?"

Pale marble and polished mirrors lined the large room and more huge vases of orchids adorned the side tables. Plump, snow-white towels nestled alongside gleaming bottles of exclusive toiletries, and clusters of lit candles lent the room an intimate glow.

The piece de resistance stood centrally in the room - the grand, deep infinity bath, perfectly placed to take advantage of the expansive view through the windows at the end of the room, across the higgledy-piggledy rooftops of Paris.

"Still want to swap?"

Sophie shook her head, suddenly greedy and giddy. This place was off the scale amazing, and she, Sophie Black, had it at her exclusive disposal. That had to make her just about one of the luckiest girls on the planet at that moment.

She spun around to face Lucien, her hands pressed against her warm cheeks.

"I can't believe places like this even exist beyond fantasies."

She didn't miss the predatory spark in Lucien's eyes at her choice of words.

"As fantasies go, this is certainly up there," he murmured. A shiver ran down Sophie's spine as surely as if he'd stroked a fingertip down its length.

Not that he had, or would, unless she invited him to.

Did she want to issue that invitation?

She didn't just have the fantasy room in the fantasy city.

She had the fantasy man at her disposal, too.

She upgraded her status from being one of the luckiest girls in the world to being the luckiest girl, period.

But lucky didn't mean stupid. Lucky didn't mean throw caution to the wind and not think about tomorrow, because tomorrow had a nasty way of looming up in front of you, grey, cold and all the worse for your indiscretions. Sophie had been there before.

She ducked past Lucien into the bedroom and unzipped her suitcase, which he had hefted up onto the bed for her.

"Do I have time to unpack before our first meeting?" Sophie carefully unrolled her precious dress from its packing tissue and located a heavy wooden hanger behind the vast wall of mirrored wardrobes. She certainly wanted to take this one garment out of the crushing confines of her case, even if there was no time for anything else.

"Actually, I won't need you this morning," Lucien said. "The meeting will be conducted entirely in French, and from the way you blushed when you thanked the driver earlier, I'm guessing that French doesn't feature on your resume."

Sophie bristled unnecessarily, because he was quite right. "I can get by," she muttered.

"You can?"

"Oui. Bonjour, Lucien." Had she really just said that?

She ignored his snort.

"Bonjour, Ms. Black." He inclined his head. "What?" He threw his hands out to the sides at her maddened glance. "It's appropriately polite."

"Ca va?" Sophie asked, hoping she'd dredged the right words from her dim and distant memory of French classes as a bored fourteen year-old.

Lucien all but laughed, and replied in equally basic French for her benefit. "Ca va bien, merci."

"Bon." She jutted her chin, glad to have navigated her way through the simple conversation.

"Let's see, Sophie..." Lucien ran his tongue over his top lip, and the seductive drop of his voice warned her of danger up ahead. "Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir?"

Thanks to Lady Marmalade, Sophie understood Lucien perfectly clearly.

"What's the French for 'stop flirting'?" she asked drily.

"No clue. I've never needed it."

She was quite sure he hadn't. No doubt women came as easily to him as everything else in his life.

"Take the morning off. Swim in that bath. See some of Paris. Can you order lunch for around two, and then we'll head over to the site to see how things are progressing."

Sophie nodded bravely. She could do those things. Organise lunch. See Paris. Visit Lucien's newest sex club. All in a normal day's work.

Alone in the penthouse, Sophie drifted from room to room, absorbing the beauty of her surroundings. Contrary to Lucien's suggestion, she settled for a shower under the monsoon jet in the huge cubicle that stood in another corner of her bathroom. Tempting as the bath was, she didn't feel that she could afford to relax too much. Bundled up in the thickest white bathrobe in the world, she set about deciding how to spend her morning in Paris.

First things first. Organise lunch.

But how did you organise lunch in your own private Parisian dining room? The apartment was bereft of a kitchen, so cooking was not an option. The people who lived here obviously didn't do such mundane tasks as operating a cooker.

Happily, however, they did leave at their guests' disposal beautiful leather-bound manuals in English, listing restaurants that would cater directly to the apartment, and Lucien had left his charge card beside them. Lavish dishes, many of which she didn't understand and couldn't pronounce. She flicked through the heavy menus with rising panic, and then her lips curved into a smile. Bingo. This she could do.

Lunch successfully organised, Sophie dressed carefully. She wanted to blend in, to look as if she belonged here in the chic French capital. Her flimsy black polka dot blouse layered over silk underwear fitted the bill perfectly, demure yet sophisticated when teamed with her new black pencil skirt. She added her cherry red woolen coat as protection against the cool autumn weather when she stepped out of the secret courtyard a little while later and breathed in deeply.

Being away from home and all of its associated complications was a breath of fresh, rejuvenating air that she hadn't even realised she so desperately needed.

Distance from Dan helped put things into a less distorted perspective. At home she was surrounded by the accouterments of their shared life, and she could see now that they only served to make it harder to envisage her life without him in it.

Something in her heart felt different. Lighter maybe, without the heavy weight of carrying someone else's heart too.

She glanced up and down the regal, tree-lined avenue. Leaves drifted from the tall chestnuts' branches, the change of season a fitting reflection of Sophie's state of mind.

But for now, Paris was her oyster, and she intended to feast on it.

Chapter Ten

"Pizza? You have the finest cuisine in the world at your fingertips, and you order pizza?"

Lucien's gaze swept over the dining table, now laden with elegant white and gold scrolled crockery, gleaming cutlery, glittering crystal, and pizza.

"It's posh pizza," Sophie countered. "It didn't arrive in cardboard boxes, for a start."

Lucien shook his jacket off as he stepped down into the dining room. Sophie could have flexed his credit card on a designer meal, yet she'd chosen instead a safe option. He'd hoped he'd cured her of that habit. Still, he was hungry, and the pizza smelled delicious.

It wasn't just the food that smelled good, though. Sophie moved in close when he held out her chair, and he caught the scent of an exotic perfume that wasn't her usual variety.

He didn't comment on it though, as she'd no doubt accuse him of flirting again.

"How was your morning?" she asked, adding salad to her plate.

He shrugged. "Good." He closed his eyes for a second. He didn't really get to eat pizza very often, and novelty turned into pleasant surprise as the fresh flavours hit his palate.

He opened his eyes again and found Sophie watching him, an amused glint in her eyes. Paris seemed to agree with her. Pink roses coloured her cheeks, and those dark smudges around her eyes seemed less pronounced.

"What did you do this morning?" he asked, suddenly keen to know what had helped lift her mood.

A smile lit her face, and the dining room seemed instantly brighter.

"I walked." She practically swooned. "God, Paris is amazing! I've touched the Eiffel tower, and I've taken one of those bateau buses along the Seine, and I ate croissants in the Tuileries gardens." It was the most animated he'd seen her since her return to his life. "And the metro! I caught the metro, and managed to find my way back here." She sighed happily, and her eyes swam with excitement. "It's official. I love Paris."

Lucien nodded. He shared similar sentiments for the city, although he'd never have expressed them with such elation.

"Did you shop?" He guessed this must be safe territory.

"Just window shopping. I tested the most amazing chocolate though, and I've been spritzed with perfume that probably costs more than my salary!"

"It smells good on you."

The words came out without pre-meditation, and Lucien braced himself, ready for her to clam up and shoot him down with the 'no flirting' line again. But she didn't. He saw appreciation of his compliment flare in her eyes first, followed by uncertainty that had her dropping her gaze to her dinner plate.

He sensed a change in her attitude, and wondered how far to push it.

A little, to gauge her reaction?

Or all the way?

Her smile was an aphrodisiac, all the more because he had seen so little of it lately.

He pushed his chair back and reached into a sideboard behind him, turning back with a bottle of wine and a corkscrew in hand.

"Don't we need to get back to work soon?"

He picked up the note of anxiety behind her words. "We're okay for time. Besides, it's practically the law in Paris to have wine with food, Sophie."

He poured claret into her glass, pleased when she didn't try to stop him. Her fingers brushed his as he raised his glass to hers.

"To Paris. And to getting my PA back." He paused, watching her eyes. "I missed your coffee."

She laughed lightly and her fingers played with the stem of her glass.

"It's good to be back," she murmured softly.

"Is it? I got the impression that it was your last resort."

She looked up at last, the laughter gone from her eyes. "It was. It is. But that doesn't mean I don't appreciate it." She swallowed a little wine and looked around the lush dining room. "Not many jobs offer perks like this." She paused, and he didn't interrupt as he sensed there was more to come. "Or bosses like you."

Interesting.

"I think you just broke your own no flirting rule."

She shrugged, and he topped up her glass.

"Am I too English for my own good, Lucien? Too repressed, too frightened to live a big life?"

He swallowed wine, giving himself time to choose his words carefully. Keeping his tone neutral, he said, "We're not in England now. You can be anything you want to be."

He knew he'd crossed a line, but she beckoned him on.

"Anything? Then I'll be a singer in a smoky Parisian bar, or a can-can girl at the Moulin Rouge."

Lucien couldn't help it. His eyes dropped to Sophie's breasts, and his cock stirred in response. She had the curves to dance at the Moulin, and the idea of her bare breasts on display made his mouth water.

He lifted his gaze to hers, and found her eyebrows arched.

"I guess I asked for that," she said, and she didn't move her hand away when Lucien placed his close to it on the table and stroked her fingertips idly.

"Paris brings out the best in you."

The tiniest of laughs escaped Sophie's throat. "What happens in Paris, stays in Paris. So Kara said, anyway."

Lucien liked the sound of that very much. "Kara's just become my second favourite lady. You should listen to her."

"I do."

She flipped her hand palm up on the table, and Lucien traced his index finger along the lifeline cut that across her palm.

"I think your rules need amending." He drew slow circles on the fleshy mound beneath her thumb. "In fact, as your boss, I think I should be the one who makes the rules around here."

"What's wrong with my rules?"

Lucien laughed softly. "They restrict me. They stop me from telling you how your curves make me hard. They stop me from kissing your neck when you sweep your hair to one side."

He had the benefit of her full, slightly breathless attention.

"But they don't stop me thinking those things, Sophie. Every time you bend over the desk, I think how much I'd like to push your skirt up around your waist. I wonder what colour knickers you're wearing, and I imagine taking them off you."

Her fingers curved around his as he stroked his thumb over the tender pulse point inside her wrist. The beat definitely kicked up several notches as she digested his words. She drew her bottom lip into her mouth and held it there, as if to stop the words she wanted to say from escaping. Was she holding in her agreement, or her rejection?

Her eyes told him what her mouth wouldn't. She wanted this every bit as much as he did. He locked his eyes onto hers. There was no turning back.

"I imagine running my hands over the tops of your stockings, then between your bare thighs, and you open them a little to invite me in. God, you're wet, Sophie. You're hot, and you're drenched, and I reach for my belt so I can..."

Lucien's phone beeped loudly on the table next to him, and Sophie jolted and snatched her hand away from his.

"Fuck." He shoved his own hand through his hair and stared at the offending screen, then at her shell-shocked expression. "The car's here."

His cock was still rock hard.

"This conversation isn't over, Sophie."

Chapter Eleven

Sophie stepped out of the limousine a little while later, glad to be out of the confined back seat. Lucien hadn't said or done anything unprofessional in the car, yet she'd never been so close to anyone who radiated such clear sexual intent. He'd spoken of the site renovations they were going to view, and handed her checklists to complete on the tour, almost as if the conversation over lunch hadn't happened.

Had she imagined it? She'd drunk a little wine, maybe she'd misheard him.

However innocent and work-focused Lucien's words were, there was no denying the lightning bolt of awareness when her fingers brushed his on the paperwork, or the casual burn of his knee where it touched hers.

The cool afternoon air helped lessen the heat that suffused her cheeks, but it could do little to calm the fire raging in her belly. He'd lit it. Or had she? Paris had clearly had a profound effect on her state of mind. Had she given him different signals? Or was he similarly affected by the city of love? The dynamic between them had morphed dangerously into something sexual, something her rules were too flimsy to hold steady against.

What would Lucien's rules involve? The blush returned to Sophie's cheeks at the thought, and she pushed it hurriedly aside as he joined her on the pavement.

"So. This is it. First impressions?"

Sophie tipped her head back to survey the tall, regal terraced building.

"First impression... um, understated?"

Lucien nodded. "Absolutely. This is a good address. My aim is to be thoroughly in keeping. Gateway Paris will be discreet, elegant and very, very grown up."

He placed a hand on the small of her back, and she felt the imprint of it might scorch her.

"Shall we?"

Sophie didn't trust herself to answer, so she just inclined her head and stepped inside the doorway.

The last time she'd visited an adult club with Lucien it had been open for business and throbbing with paying customers. This was quite different, an almost completed renovation project with wires still trailing, stepladders leaning against walls, and workmen in overalls buzzing around.

Someone called out, and a second or so later a short, older man bustled over to them with a wide smile on his weathered face. Lucien greeted him warmly in French, and then introduced Sophie.

"Sophie, this is Jean, my site manager. Jean, Sophie, my assistant."

Jean smiled in greeting and handed them each a hard hat.

Great. Sophie eyed it reluctantly. Lucien lifted it from her fingers and placed it firmly on her head with a smart tap for good measure.

"Safety first, Ms.Black."

Right. So he was back to calling her Ms. Black again. It seemed he hadn't forgotten his declaration that her rules no longer applied.

Jean and Lucien began a rapid conversation she didn't have a prayer of understanding, and then the smaller man shook Lucien's hand and melted away.

"Jean isn't coming with us then?" Sophie asked. The French supervisor had given her back her sense of safety in numbers. Without him she was essentially alone with Lucien, despite the presence of the various artisans around the place.

"No. I'll give you the tour myself." Lucien turned to a wallboard by the front doors and removed a clipboard and pen. "Can you take notes as we go round, please?"

Sophie accepted the board, her mind wandering back to the tour he'd give her of the club back in the UK when a clipboard had been very much out of the question.

She pinned her paperwork to the board and clicked the pen a couple of times.

"Ready?" Lucien asked, absolutely neutral.

"As I'll ever be." Sophie nodded slightly and pursed her lips. "Let's go."

In decor, Lucien had recreated a similar urban opulence to his larger clubs back home, but here in these smaller rooms it felt far more intimate. Deep, amethyst velvet padded couches lined the booths, and a small stage and dance area filled one side of the lower ground floor. The bar gleamed with backlit mirrors and optics awaiting their upturned bottles, and a couple of women were unpacking glasses and spirits onto the bar. They glanced over at Lucien and then back at each other, and Sophie recognised the look that passed between them. Hot man in the room. She could hardly blame them. Even in a hard hat, Lucien oozed sex.

Decadence dripped from every sophisticated fixture and fitting; the place screamed high-class sex den. Thanks to her previous visit to a Gateway club with Lucien, Sophie could all too easily imagine naked dancers and intimate couples twined around each other in those booths.

He took a seat in one of them now, and inclined his head for her to join him on the curved seat opposite to go through the ground floor checklist. He nodded as she reeled the list off one by one, then gave her a series of comments to note down for future action. She clicked the pen closed and prepared to stand and move on.

"Anything else?" she added, as an afterthought.

He nodded and steepled his fingers on the table.

"Yes. You look fucking sexy in a hard hat."

Her throat dried up in shock. "And I'm supposed to write this down?"

"Absolutely," he said, conversationally. "Write 'Sophie looks fucking sexy in a hard hat.'" He paused, because she wasn't writing. "Write it down."

She flicked her eyes around the room, unwilling to raise her voice because of the proximity of the electricians working near by. His eyes held hers in direct challenge, and she made a split second decision. She wrote it down.

"Anything else?" she repeated.

"I want to take that hat off and run my hands through your hair."

"Lucien..." Sophie warned.

He stood abruptly. "All done in here, Ms. Black. Let's move on."

Sophie swallowed hard and followed him across the dance floor and down a set of steps.

"The spa." He waved his hand around to indicate the space, and Sophie opened the next checklist accordingly. The entire basement space had been converted into a luxury relaxation area, centred around an as yet unfilled pool and jacuzzi. Several workmen were scattered around the space, and Lucien took her elbow and steered her slowly across to sit on the edge of the raised circular jacuzzi wall.

As before, she worked methodically through the list, and Lucien answered each question in turn after inspecting the room.

She cleared her throat. Here we go again. "Err... any other notes?"

Lucien was sitting alongside her on the curved wall, and as he turned towards her his splayed fingertips brushed against her thigh on the tiles.

"Yes." His lazy, lustful eyes flickered down her throat, and then back up to her mouth.

"I need to remember to bring you back here when the jacuzzi has been filled. I want you to test the jets."

She frowned, making shorthand notes. "Can't the plumber test them?"

"I want you to do it." Lucien leaned in close to guarantee that only she would hear him. "I want you to tell me if the jets are perfectly positioned to massage your clitoris."

Sophie 's mouth dropped in a perfect O, and she instinctively crossed her legs. His words made her tremble.

"Write it down."

He looked at the clipboard, then at her pen, then at her face.

His fingertips still brushed her thigh, rhythmically enough to prove it wasn't accidental.

She wrote it down. Check the jets are positioned for clitoral massage.

Knowing he was watching her write the words made her squirm.

Once again he stood suddenly, leaving her hot and bothered as he led her back through the main room to a staircase leading up to the first floor. Sophie found herself walking on shaky legs along a plushly carpeted hallway, low-lit and sultry with the same air of sexy sophistication as downstairs. The scent of new carpets and fresh paint would no doubt fade once the place was packed with warm, pulsating bodies.

"The playrooms."

Sophie closed her eyes for a second, and then followed Lucien through the first doorway.

Equally decadent but decidedly more intimate than the rooms that had preceded it, the space was dominated by the huge square platform bed placed centrally with a step up all of the way around.

"This is the couples' playroom. The bed area is designed to accommodate anything up to sixteen people at any one time."

Sophie frowned, and found herself abstractly wondering where one might find sheets on such an industrial scale. And then Lucien's hand skimmed feather light against the small of her back, more of a caress than a guiding hand, and all linen-related thoughts left the building.

Flustered, she sat down on the edge of the bed and clicked the end of her pen at him.

"Are you ready to run through the tick list for this room?"

Lucien glanced briefly around at the completed room.

"No need. Lets skip straight to the 'any other notes' box." He dropped down alongside her, not quite close enough to touch, close enough to feel the heat of his body.

Sophie had guessed there would be extra information, yet still she held her breath.

"The mattress needs to be comfort tested."

She started to write but he reached out and stilled her hand.

"I meant now."

Sophie glanced towards the open door. "No way. I'll write it down, but I'm not rolling around on that bed with you."

"I didn't ask you to roll. Just lie back."

It wasn't the demand of a boss to his PA. It was the demand of a man to a woman, and Sophie's body responded before her mind could play catch-up. She lay back.

"Well?" Lucien eased back too, propped up on one elbow watching Sophie. "Is it soft? Or is it hard, do you think?"

Sophie turned her head to look at him. "I'd probably call it firm."

"Firm." Lucien murmured. "But does it yield to your curves? Would it be comfortable if you were being pressed into it by the weight of your lover?"

Sophie closed her eyes.

"Imagine you're being screwed right now, someone's hips grinding against yours."

His hand dropped over her hip as he spoke, a pleasurable pressure to enhance her perception of his words.

"Are you comfortable, Sophie? Does it feel good?"

Sophie opened her eyes and looked into his, sinful, mercurial pools of lust.

"It feels good Lucien. Really good."

He licked his lips, and for a second Sophie felt certain he was going to lean down and kiss her. If he'd asked to road test that mattress properly right there and then, she'd have had her skirt around her waist in seconds.

But he didn't. He paused for a second, his eyes on her mouth, and then stood up and offered her his hand to help her up.

"You can sign this room off. It's complete."

Lucien walked ahead of Sophie into the bondage room, and at the sight of a small team of fitters drilling holes on the walls he turned and walked straight back out again.

The rest of the inspection could wait. He'd had enough of everyone else's company but Sophie's.

"Let's get out of here."

He snapped his phone against his ear, and seconds later they were back in the close confines of the limo. As the car eased into the traffic, Lucien turned to Sophie.

"About those rules of yours."

Sophie didn't reply, but from the way her eyes darkened and her tongue darted across her top lip, he knew she wanted to hear what he had to say.

He didn't touch her. He couldn't, because he wanted her so much that a little wouldn't be enough. The air in the car shimmered with barely held in sexual frustration.

"That no touching thing." He curled his hands into fists because the instinct to reach out for her was so strong. "That holds for the next ten minutes. And then I'm going to touch you everywhere."

The sigh that left her lips wasn't one of resignation. It was one that yearned for the next ten minutes to be over.

"And as for that no kissing thing." He slid close to her on the back seat and his eyes dropped to her lips. "I'm going to kiss your mouth." She tilted her head, an invitation to plunder, but he held back. "And I'm going to kiss your neck."

He shifted to accommodate his erection as his eyes strayed lower. "Then I'm going to strip you naked and kiss your fucking beautiful tits." She whimpered, and closed her eyes, her head resting back on the seat. Her nipples pushed visibly against her blouse. "Can you feel me all over your body, Sophie? Imagine my head between your legs. I'm going to kiss you slowly, right there, until you come in my mouth."

The car came to a halt outside the apartment building, and Lucien jumped straight out and opened her door, muttering something low and fast to the driver, who stepped smartly back into the car and was gone in an instant.

His hand grabbed hers and tugged her through the courtyard, he banged his fist repeatedly on the lift's call button, swearing under his breath at the antiquated system that had seemed so charming earlier. Sophie knew from the way his chest rose and fell that he was every bit as ready as she was, and as she stepped inside the cage, he knocked the breath from her lungs as he pinned her against the side. Cold ironwork cooled her back, and the heat radiating from Lucien's body scorched her front. His hands gripped the bars either side of hers.

"Don't stop me," he murmured, a breath away from kissing her as the lift jolted to a halt. She shook her head. She wouldn't stop him. She was terrified that he would stop.

He unlocked the apartment door and pulled her inside.

Chapter Twelve

Lucien slammed her against the back of the closed door, his hands buried in her hair, his mouth all over hers. Sophie met him head on, tasting him, feeling him, drinking him in. His erection pressed hard against her belly and his breath came in short hot bursts that matched her own.

"Fuck..." He wrestled out of his jacket and reached for her polka dot blouse without breaking the connection with her mouth. "You're wearing too many clothes," he muttered against her lips, and in one swift movement he yanked her blouse open, sending buttons scattering against the walls. He pulled back a fraction to look at her exposed bra as she tore her arms from the sleeves.

Lucien shook his head, his jaw clenched. "Still too many."

He reached around her body and flicked her bra open, then pulled it off and flung it aside.

"Fucking hell, " he groaned, his hands already on her breasts between their bodies. She gasped with pleasure as he rolled her painfully stiff nipples, and her hands fought for space to get him out of his shirt.

"Take this off, " she murmured, frustrated by the need to feel his naked skin.

He broke away for a second, stepping back and breathing heavily as he discarded his shirt and reached for his belt.

"I've never wanted to fuck anyone as much as I want to fuck you right now," he breathed, pinning her back against the door.

Lust shot through her groin at his guttural words. She clutched at him as he reclaimed her mouth, relishing the glide of his hot skin beneath her hands. She could barely breathe as he reached down and dragged her skirt up over her hips and pushed his hand inside her knickers. At last. At last.

"Oh God," she sank her teeth into his lip as he opened her with his fingers and found her clitoris. All of the air seemed to suck out of the room. There was just Lucien, and the pleasure he was giving her with his thrusting fingers.

He had her on the brink with indecent speed. Her body was starting to tremble, and he recognised the signs and eased back.

"Not yet, Sophie," he gasped. "Wait for me. I want to feel you come around my cock."

His low, sexy words only made it harder to fight her oncoming orgasm.

She nodded. "Be quick," she said desperately, even as he positioned himself against her opening. "Please... now, Lucien..."

He pushed his thick, rigid cock all the way inside her with a primal groan of satisfaction, pinning her against the door with the weight of his body. She gasped for air as he withdrew and then slammed hard into her again, frenzied, fast and bone-meltingly sexy. It was never going to be gentle, or last very long. He lifted her clean off the floor and wrapped her legs around him so she could take him to the hilt, and his grunts of sharp, intense pleasure rang in her ears as the base of his cock rubbed her clitoris with every thrust.

He'd started this over lunch. He'd stoked the fires all afternoon. And now, backed up against the apartment door, the release of her orgasm hit her like a sledgehammer as she arched and grabbed at his hair. Lucien's ragged breathing provided the soundtrack as he closed his eyes and let go of the control he'd held onto, banging violently against her hips twice more before spilling himself inside her with a primal yell of satisfaction.

Sophie's heart thumped hard against her breastbone. She slowly became aware that her fingernails were embedded in his shoulders, and she loosened her grip to soothe the deep gouges she'd left there. His hands moved from supporting her bottom to cradling her close in his arms as he eased out of her.

"Let's take a shower," he said hoarsely, smoothing her hair.

Sophie kissed the hollow at the base of his neck as he kicked his clothes off his ankles. A shower sounded good, but it involved moving and she wanted to stay pinned between the door and his body forever. Lucien's mouth roved over her hair, half kissing her, half sighing with sexual fulfilment. He carried her into the bathroom, every inch the Viking sex god as he kicked the door open and switched the shower on and stepped inside.

Warm water sluiced over Sophie's shoulders as Lucien placed her gently on her feet and pulled the glass door shut on the huge shower enclosure. She turned her face up to the spray and let it slick her hair into ropes down her back as Lucien filled his hands with soap from the dispenser on the wall.

"Turn around," he breathed, after a drenched, lingering kiss. Sophie sighed and turned her back to him, her hands resting on the steamed up glass wall. She moaned lightly when his hands came to rest on her shoulders, and she tipped her head forward to rest on the glass as he massaged the creamy lather into her skin.

"I like my rules better than yours," he said, and Sophie could feel his erection resting against the base of her back as he ran the fragrant bubbles over her arms. She arched involuntarily as his fingers swept down her spine, then leaned back against him when he wrapped himself around her, one hand splayed on her stomach, the other cupping her cheek. He had her completely relaxed, and she turned her face into his palm and sighed.

"I like your rules too," she admitted.

He helped himself to more soap, then covered her breasts with his warm hands.

"You feel even better wet."

He shifted behind her a little so his cock slipped between her thighs as he rolled her nipples in his fingers. She rocked her hips, enjoying the slide of his erection between her legs.

"You too," she murmured, sighing at the delicious friction. When he reached for yet more soap, Sophie had a pretty good idea of where he was headed.

"Open your legs."

Sophie hooked one foot behind his calf as he held her steady between the glass wall and his body. She was hot, and drenched, and pressed her cheek to the glass as he fingered her slowly. Thoroughly. His mouth against her ear murmured incoherent words. Slow drags of his teeth against her skin. She turned her head into his open-mouthed kiss, warm droplets cascading over their faces as his tongue laced with hers. She wanted more, needed everything he had to give. Every slide of his cock against her entrance had her moaning for it to be the time he pushed himself inside her. Slide. Push. Slide. Please push. Lucien groaned into her mouth, then stopped making her wait any longer with one long, deep thrust.

"Oh God..." Sophie moaned. "Oh... so good..." She could barely string two words together. The sensations were too big, and building with every slow, decisive stroke of Lucien's cock. He played with her clitoris, his other hand on her face, his fingers moving restlessly over her jaw, in her mouth. His breathing in her ear kicked up a notch, and his thrusting hips told her he was as close as she was to coming. She started to tremble, and Lucien held her up as the exquisite sensation of being on the brink became almost too much to stand.

"So fucking beautiful..." Lucien's murmured endearment tipped her over the edge, dragging a yell of release from her body as she burst for him, over him, around him.

He held her hips steady as he thrust himself into her, only one word on his lips over and over as his body spasmed.

"Princess."

Chapter Thirteen

Wrapped up in the oversized white bathrobe a little while later, Sophie curled herself into the corner of the huge sofa. The remnants of a sumptuous buffet delivered by a nearby restaurant were spread over the glass coffee table in front of her, and Lucien, dressed only in low slung, faded jeans, crossed to sit alongside her with a newly opened bottle of champagne and two glasses.

"So. Here we are again, Ms. Black."

Sophie accepted the glass and tasted chilled bubbles. She knew what he meant. Here we are again, colleagues and lovers. Except this time she wasn't - technically - cheating, and her estranged husband wasn't hiding his other woman behind a smokescreen of late meetings and business trips. How very grown up of them all to be so frank. But it didn't feel entirely grown up. As she came down from her endorphin high, Sophie acknowledged that it still felt dreadfully messed up.

Lucien touched his glass to Sophie's.

"To Paris."

The smile that curved her lips must have looked as lacklustre as it felt.

"Tell me what's going on in that head of yours." Lucien relaxed back onto the sofa, his champagne glass in his hand, his gaze on Sophie.

She screwed up her nose, not even sure that she could put into words the cauldron of emotions that churned in her gut. She added a mouthful of champagne to the mix and lifted a shoulder in a half shrug.

"I don't know... I feel weird." In truth, weird didn't come close to describing how she felt.

"Weird how?"

Sophie sighed heavily. "I feel guilty." She saw the incredulous look cross his face and shook her head to stop him jumping in. "I know what you're going to say. Dan lives with his mistress now. I'm not doing anything wrong. And maybe I'm not, in here," she touched her fingers against her head. "But in here..." she touched her heart. "In here, he's still my husband. We were together for too long to move on just like that."

Lucien frowned into his champagne glass.

"Does he deserve your loyalty?"

"No. But he has it anyway." She held out her glass for a refill. The champagne was definitely helping to loosen her tongue, if nothing else. "Loving him is a hard habit to break."

She unfurled her legs, and Lucien refilled their glasses then pulled her feet into his lap.

"One you need to kick."

Sophie watched him idly massage her anklebone as he drank his champagne. He was utterly beautiful and absolutely right, but he had no clue how it felt to separate from the person you'd always imagined you'd grow old with.

"It's easier said than done though, you know?"

Lucien's mouth twisted. "I don't, actually. I don't know, and I don't want to."

Sophie shook her head. He'd made his dim opinion of marriage crystal clear before now, but it seemed so at odds with the fire and passion she glimpsed when they had sex. Day to day he was all confidence and cockiness, but get him naked and every now and then he revealed a tantalising glimpse of the emotional man behind.

"Has it never occurred to you that you might be missing out?"

He laughed lightly, trailing his fingers up to her knee and back down again.

"No. Seducing other men's wives has worked out pretty well for me so far."

Sophie shook her head. "I'm being serious, Lucien."

He placed his glass down and twisted his body towards her.

"Okay. I'll be serious." He placed his hands on her knees. "I don't like marriage. Never have, never will." He leaned forward to drop a kiss onto her kneecap.

"I don't believe in true love, or Valentine's Day... or fairies at the bottom of the garden." He kissed her other kneecap, and Sophie held completely still as she watched him. However distracting his accompanying actions were, his words offered a rare insight into the real Lucien Knight and she wanted him to keep talking.

"I'm a here and now man." He put his hands over her knees and splayed them wide, making her gasp and almost spill her champagne in shock. The edges of her robe just about covered her modesty, but only just.

"Drink your champagne," Lucien murmured, his hands already thigh high. When he raised his eyes to Sophie's, she saw that predatory, sexual edge back in them that turned her brain into wanton mush. She wanted him to keep talking, but now she wanted him to keep touching her as well, so she drank her champagne, slow and deliberate, and he inclined his head in approval.

"Why does everything have to be so serious, Sophie?" His fingers strayed higher, closer to the edge of her robe. "Isn't it better to just enjoy what you have, without trying to hold onto it, or control it, or twist it?"

"You make it sound so simple," she said, and he tugged on the belt of her robe. She felt it give way, along with her ability to focus on the insights she craved, as he continued speaking. And touching.

"It is simple, if you let it be." Lucien reached out and spread her robe open, baring her body to his waiting, appreciative eyes. Sophie fought the instinct to close the material, or her eyes, or her legs. Lucien wanted to look at her, and she wanted him to look.

"Drink your champagne," he said again, and topped up her glass once she'd obeyed his order.

"Isn't this better?" he asked, moving up the sofa to sit between her spread legs. "Isn't there something refreshingly honest about saying 'I want sex with you now, but that doesn't mean I'm going to want sex with you for the rest of my life'?'

Sophie tried to consider the question, but she was absurdly turned on by her nakedness and his constant switching between conversational and sexual modes. He reached out and played with her nipples, flicking them upwards with his thumbs.

"I love your tits."

"I thought you never used the L word."

He raised his eyes to her amused ones. "Fine. I love your tits right now," he corrected himself. "I love how they're tinged pink because you're blushing, and how your nipples are as stiff as pebbles because you're turned on." He cupped her breasts as he spoke, circling her nipples with his thumbs. "I might not love them next week, or next month, or next year, but here and now? Hell yeah. I fucking love your tits."

He moved up again, close enough for his denim-clad thigh to press between her legs as he leaned in to draw one of her nipples into his mouth. Sophie's free hand moved to stroke the back of his head, and he flicked his eyes up to hers.

"What else do you love right now?" she asked, and he laughed under his breath and switched his attentions to her other breast. Tight spirals of lust knotted in her groin as she watched the wet tip of his tongue trail around her nipple.

"Right now, I love how warm your body is." He held her lightly around the waist and dipped his head to kiss her navel, then slid back up her body until his mouth was a breath from hers. "And I really, really love knowing that right now, you're desperate for me to touch you here." He brushed his hand lightly between her legs as he spoke, then closed the space between their bodies and kissed her. Sophie's mouth opened under his, letting his tongue slide in as the barely-there drift of his warm fingers readied her tantalisingly for his definite touch.

"You know what else I really love right now, princess?" he said, lifting his mouth from hers to look into her eyes. "Knowing that no matter what old-hat crap is going on in here..." he tapped his fingers over her heart, "the rest of your body knows how fucking good this feels, doesn't it?"

Sophie's body responded to his question of its own accord, wrapping itself around him and opening to beckon his fingers inside. Lucien Knight did things to her that no man had any right to do. He bypassed all rational thought processes and tapped into the visceral, animal instincts that lurked beneath the surface.

Even still, her brain battled to hang onto some semblance of control of this situation.

"Lucien... I worry that you're my rebound guy."

He laughed low in his throat. "And now I feel used." He dipped to kiss her hip, then glanced up at her troubled eyes and paused.

"Whatever gets you through, princess." He trailed a slow line of kisses across her abdomen to her other hip, then paused again and tipped his head to one side as he looked up her body. "So what if fucking me makes you feel better?" He shifted further down and laid his head against her inner thigh. "Let me be your medicine. In fact, it makes me practically a doctor."

He opened her with his fingers and held her wide, gazing at her sex with a satisfied groan. "Right now, I prescribe cunnilingus." He flicked his eyes up to hers again as his tongue touched against her exposed clitoris. She sucked down air into her suddenly dry throat.

"Drink some champagne. Doctor's orders," he said, lifting his head a fraction to make space for his fingers. Sophie did as he suggested, the bubbles cool and welcome as she watched Lucien reach out for the champagne bottle.

Her mind was already feeling fuzzy around the edges. Was he going to top up her glass again? She quickly realised he wasn't as he lowered the bottle and tipped the last of the cold fizz between her legs, making her gasp out loud at the combination of the chill and the thrill. The champagne was ice cold, and Lucien's lapping tongue a second later was sensationally hot. Sophie squirmed, and then put her glass down and covered her pink cheeks with her hands when he touched the neck of the empty bottle against her hot opening. Too much Lucien, too much. The words formed in her head but didn't make it out of her mouth, because he'd eased the cold glass inside her already and fastened his lips over her clitoris.

"Fuck, Lucien..." she gasped, wanting him to stop, wanting him to carry on even more.

He twisted the bottle, and she watched his mouth, mesmerised both by the visual and sensory impact. His tongue relentless over her clitoris. The base of the green glass bottle cupped in his hand.

"You taste of champagne and sex."

Lucien screwed the bottle into her and the reverberations of his low, lustful voice against her fevered flesh had her hips jerking in response. He knew precisely when she'd reached the point of return, because he switched from playful to lethal, holding her in his mouth as she orgasmed, stroking her clitoris with his tongue until she stilled and her body softened against the sofa.

He eased the bottle out and kissed her there instead, a slow ribbon of barely there brushes of his lips over her sensitive sex. Sophie watched him as her heart rate slowed. Lucien Knight, officially the world's best rebound guy.

<br/>

"Trust me," he said, and took her hand as he followed the shapely assistant through a doorway Sophie hadn't previously noticed. She found herself in a boudoir style changing room, all padded grey suede walls and mood lighting. A large central chaise longue dominated the space, clearly a resting perch for Lucien to observe from if he wished.

He wished.

The assistant hung Lucien's selections in the mirrored changing space behind a screen for Sophie and then left the room, clicking the door with a quiet but definite thud.

"Do you need me to unzip your dress?"

Sophie stepped behind the changing screen, hot, bothered and glad of her side zip. The realisation dawned on her that Lucien needed to stay right over there on the chaise if she were to have a hope of getting through this surreal experience with any degree of poise. "I'm good, thanks." She was impressed at her own casual tone.

"You can say that again, princess."

Sophie's fingers shook as she stood in her own suddenly woeful underwear and considered the three confections before her. So, which to try first? He'd selected three very different styles, all of which were far more risque than anything she'd ever owned.

She stripped off. Quickly overcome with giddy panic at being completely nude, she opted for the relative familiarity of a standard bra and knickers combination first - or so they appeared on first glance, anyway. As she stepped into the knickers, it became obvious that they weren't your average daywear. High cut over her hips, silk-lined black lace covered the barest of essentials. Somehow, they seemed to make her legs magically longer and her waist smaller. Mesmerised, Sophie stepped into her high heels for the full effect. When she hooked the matching bra over her arms and into place, she gasped out loud at the realisation that the demi-cups weren't designed to cover her nipples. The bra supported her breasts perfectly yet exposed them completely.

"Let me see."

Christ. She'd almost forgotten Lucien was out there, which was ridiculous given their situation. She couldn't go out there in this.

"Either you come out here or I'll come behind there, Sophie. Which would you rather?"

"Lucien..."

She heard him move to get up, and placed her hands over her breasts in panic. "Stay there. I'll come out."

She knew her cheeks were burning as she stepped out into Lucien's sightline with her hands crossed over her breasts. "You seem to have chosen a bra with bits missing," she said, trying to keep her voice light.

"Put your hands down."

Sophie closed her eyes for a second. Could she? It was ridiculous. He had seen everything. Why did she feel so much more exposed wearing these beautiful fragments of lingerie?

Lucien reclined back on the chaise, one knee raised and his hands behind his head.

"Hands down, princess."

Sophie counted to three in her head then dropped her hands, acutely aware of her reflection in the huge gilt mirror leaning against the wall, and of the way Lucien's demeanour had changed as she revealed herself. He certainly didn't look quite so relaxed any more.

He stood slowly and stalked around her, appraising her from every angle before coming to a standstill behind her. There was a silence. Then he spoke.

"You look utterly fuckable."

His hands slipped around her body to tease her jutting nipples as he kissed her neck. "Utterly. Fucking. Fuckable."

His fingers skimmed around and down to cup the cheeks of her bottom.

"Let me see the corset next."

He kissed her shoulder and nudged her towards the screen.

Sophie moved back behind it and laid her head against the cool mirror for a second. This was one of those once-in-a-lifetime experiences, so far beyond the everyday that she needed to commit it to memory because it would never happen again.

The corset Lucien had picked was outrageously gorgeous. With matching high waisted, aubergine satin knickers that hugged her curves, every hook and eye Sophie fastened down the centre of the heavy silk corset made her figure more statuesque. She barely recognised the fifties starlet she glimpsed in the mirror. Lucien's low whistle of appreciation told her that he liked what he saw too when she stepped around the screen.

"Look at you," he breathed as he ran his hands over the taut silk, making her shiver. He circled her cinched-in waist, and Sophie licked her lips, impossibly turned on by the clear lust radiating from his blue gaze.

She ran a teasing hand down his chest. "You like it?"

He yanked her against him, letting his body show her exactly what he thought. His kiss was thoroughly X-rated as his hands moved restlessly over her silk clad body.

"I'd like to take this off you," he muttered, breaking their kiss.

Sophie was beginning to revel in her power. She skimmed her hand over his erection, letting her grasp linger for a second. Now, her composed tone was easier to summon.

"I'll be right back."

The third outfit Lucien had selected appeared on the hanger to be the most demure.

A dress, of sorts. Sheer, form-fitting black cobweb lace, short anyway, but slit to the top of one thigh for fuller exposure. Slender bones encased in velvet seams ran the length of the dress for structure, and underwired balconette cups and lingerie straps placed the outfit definitely in the bedroom rather than the nightclub department.

The lace-up back was a two-man job... and Lucien was the only man to hand.

Sophie stepped from behind the screen and turned her back to him at once.

"Help me with this?"

"To put it on or take it off?"

Sophie tried not to jump when his fingers touched the ties, tugging them until the already clinging dress moulded to her body like a second skin. She closed her eyes with each little pull, aware of the way her waist cinched in and her breasts curved out. Lucien tied the slim velvet ribbons at the base of her spine and then turned her in his arms to survey the results of his handiwork.

The dress felt amazing. Its clever, intricate design covered her body in an almost respectable fashion, whilst still being sexy with a capital 'S'.

Lucien reached out and trailed a slow finger down her throat, all the way between the rounded curves of her breasts.

"Perfect."

He drew her close against his body, and his hand slipped into her hair as he lowered his head to hers. She'd expected hard and sexy, and she got slow, delicious and sexier still. Lucien's mouth touched her cheek, her jaw, before finally settling over hers.

His lips were warm and yielding and his thumb stroked her cheekbone as his tongue touched against hers. It was a kiss designed to make her feel adored, and Sophie's whole body tingled with anticipation of more.

"Keep this on."

Sophie didn't argue. She'd felt sexy in her beautiful dress, but she felt sinful in this one. She wanted to keep it on only because she anticipated how Lucien would take it off her later.

"Can we go back to the apartment?" Sophie's fingers toyed with the top button of Lucien's black shirt.

He lowered his head to her shoulder and hooked his finger under the dress strap, moving it aside to make way for his mouth. "Not yet. We need to check out the competition."

"Competition?"

Lucien repositioned her strap and took her chin in his fingers.

"We're going next door."

Sophie frowned, trying to make sense of his words as the assistant appeared in the doorway. Lucien instructed her in rapid French, then placed his hand on Sophie's elbow to guide her towards a different door at the back of the changing area. Sophie glanced worriedly back at her favourite dress.

"Don't worry. Everything will be tissue wrapped, boxed and back at the apartment before we are."

Lucien pressed a buzzer beside the door.

"Stay close."

"Lucien, what is this?" Sophie had a feeling that whatever his answer was going to be, it wouldn't be comforting.

"I've told you. My competition. This is one of the best adult clubs in Paris, and I want the Gateway to be better."

Sophie glanced down at her barely-there lace dress with mounting panic. "Couldn't you have just looked it up on the internet?"

He smiled, wolfish. "It's the kind of place you need to experience personally."

"I can't go in there in this," Sophie said, unsuccessfully tugging at the short lace skirt to try and find an extra inch or two.

"Trust me. You'll be wearing more than most of the women in there."

The notion didn't make Sophie feel any calmer.

"I don't want to go in there, honestly I don't. Please, let's just go back."

Lucien turned to her then, his fingers curled lightly around her upper arms.

"Sophie, you're with me. Nothing will happen in there that you don't want to."

"I don't go to sex clubs." She re-assessed. "Not... like this. Not as a... a customer."

"You can still think of it as work if it makes you feel better. Make mental notes."

Sophie was trembling inwardly. Was she doing it outwardly too?

Lucien drew his thumb across her lips. "You look like a goddess."

Any further negotiation was stolen from Sophie's throat by panic, because at that moment the door swung open from the other side.

Chapter Fifteen

Sophie glanced cautiously around and held onto Lucien's hand as he conversed easily with the suited doorman. They appeared to be in some kind of boudoir; wall to wall cerise velvet and gold brocade decor lent the place an old-school air of theatrical glamour. It was smaller than she'd anticipated, but then her only direct experience of an adult club was The Gateway back in London, an edifice of black glass and urban glitz. This place was much more intimate.

The reception area appeared to be an extension of the lingerie boutique on the other side of the door. Sophie scanned the glass cabinets and shelves. They were lined with jewel-coloured objects that on closer inspection turned out to be an alluring assortment of beautifully displayed sex toys. She identified some of them: gobstopper-sized jiggle balls, tubs of freshly churned chocolate spread available in white, milk or dark, elegantly sculptural phalluses... it was an adults-only treasure trove that delighted Sophie's senses and calmed her tightly wound nerves. She paused to look more closely at an exquisite display of candy-coloured eggs piled high in filigree baskets. Lucien lifted a pale pink egg from the display and eyed it critically.

"Pretty," Sophie said, uncertain exactly what it was for.

Lucien caught the assistant's eye and handed over a couple of notes in return for the egg, then turned back to Sophie and presented it to her with a smile.

"Happy Easter."

"It isn't Easter." Sophie turned it over in her hands. "I'm guessing I shouldn't eat it?"

Lucien flicked his eyes to the ceiling and pocketed the egg, then pulled her by the hand towards a curtained archway.

A beautiful girl dressed in a minuscule red velvet dress stepped forward to draw the drape aside, all scarlet-painted lips and glossy black hair set in vintage waves.

"Have a good evening," she murmured in heavily accented English as she inclined her head for them to pass. Sophie couldn't miss the fact that the girl's eyes lingered on Lucien for a second longer than she judged professional, but then who knew what professional even meant in circumstances like these? Besides, who could blame her? Sophie was growing accustomed to the fact that Lucien drew female eyes wherever he went. It wasn't just his height, or his Viking beauty, or his broad shoulders. The man exuded lust from his very bones: he emitted sexual charisma on a frequency that no woman could be expected to ignore. The attendant's gaze settled on the hand Lucien placed casually on Sophie's backside, and then flicked up to give Sophie an unmistakable look of pure envy as they passed her.

Sophie appreciated Lucien's proprietary arm around her waist as they stepped down into the club. If the lingerie and toy store had seemed alluring, their effect was nothing compared with the thoroughly kitsch glamour of the club itself. Crystal chandeliers dripped from the midnight ceilings and the deep cerise studded velvet walls ensured that even wallflowers could lounge in comfort. And there were a few wallflowers, but these girls looked totally at ease in their silk and satin lingerie, champagne flutes adorning their manicured hands.

The whole place had the air of a lavish vintage theatre with its sweeping gilt staircases and intimate seating areas, the curved, padded love seats scattered with jewel bright silk cushions surrounding the dance floor. Fat, creamy candles flickered in wall sconces, casting sensual shadows around the room. It was a beautiful place inhabited by beautiful people. There were couples having late-night dinners in secluded booths, Sophie observed, with surprise. She absorbed it all, fascinated. It was impossible not to feel seduced, at ease, even: Lucien had ensured that she'd blend in perfectly with his choice of her attire.

"Well?" he asked as he led her towards the bar.

"I never knew places like this existed," Sophie breathed with a tiny shake of her head. "It's fabulous."

Lucien handed her a glass of champagne and lounged against a high stool.

"I'd call it stiff competition."

Sophie raised her eyebrows, unsure how to express that she felt more comfortable here than in the Knight Inc. club she'd visited in London. Was she being disloyal? "It's very different from the Gateway," she ventured.

"It's Paris, Sophie. People look for something different here."

"I like it."

Lucien lifted an eyebrow at her. "Says the girl who didn't even want to come in here ten minutes ago."

Sophie couldn't argue. "Having that boutique attached is a really clever idea. It must attract more women, don't you think?"

Lucien nodded. "This place is run by women, for women. Men are not the top priority."

Now that Lucien had said it, Sophie understood why she felt more at ease here. It exuded femininity, and had a sensual ambience rather than a sexual one.

"It's much more relaxed than I expected," Sophie acknowledged.

The champagne was chilled and delicious, and Lucien's fingers warmed hers when he took her hand and tugged her forwards.

"Then let's go and relax, shall we?"

Lucien headed for a tucked away love seat and pulled Sophie down into it next to him, nodding brief thanks to the black-clad waiter who delivered their ice bucket to the table a second or two later.

Sophie glanced around at their closest neighbours as Lucien topped up their glasses. A curvy brunette in stockings and suspenders had curled herself into her companion's lap, her arms around his neck as she whispered in his ear. Sophie noticed how the man casually stroked her full, bra-clad breasts as he listened to her, his other hand massaging her thigh. The woman looked utterly relaxed, as if she were fully clothed rather than dressed in stunning black and ruby red underwear that wouldn't have looked out of place at The Crazy Horse. A further glance around showed that the other couples scattered around the room were equally at ease. Some kissed. Some touched a little. Some touched a lot. There seemed to be no rules, no constraints and no pressure. Unadulterated, unhurried pleasure in whatever form anyone chose.

A smoky-voiced redhead who'd have given Jessica Rabbit a run for her money was perched on the closed lid of a grand piano, her vocals providing a sultry accompaniment to the dinner suited pianist. Here and there on the dance floor, couples twined around each other as they danced sinuously.

Lucien's arm curved along the back of the seat, his fingers a warm, gentle pressure on Sophie's neck.

It had been a long, long time since Sophie had last danced with a man.

"Shall we?" she said, tilting her head towards the sprung wooden floor.

Lucien looked mildly startled. "Are you asking me to dance?"

Sophie's mouth curved into a smile at his reaction. "Yes."

He frowned, tapping his fingers thoughtfully on the table, then stood and held out his hand formally.

"May I have this dance, Ms. Black?"

Chapter Sixteen

Lucien drew Sophie into his arms. He wasn't by nature a man for slow dancing. Although he'd never thought consciously about it, the passivity and languor didn't appeal to him. He was a man of action. Where should he put his hands? He knew where he wanted to put them, and given their surroundings, he knew that it wouldn't be frowned on, but he had the distinct impression that Sophie herself might frown upon it. So she wanted to slow-dance? All right. He held her, one arm around her lace-clad waist, the other crooked between their torsos, laced with Sophie's slender fingers over his heart.

She looked up at him with the embers of her smile still on her lips, and traces of trouble in her smoky, made up eyes. She was one of the least provocatively dressed women in the club, yet in his eyes the sexiest by a mile. Her mussed-up blonde hair tumbled around her face and her dark eye make up gave her the air of a sixties waif. He'd suggested the dress thinking that its coverage would offer her a little security in this unfamiliar environment, but he hadn't bargained on how it would look wrapped around her body. She was a wanton sex kitten in it, her lush, creamy curves barely contained by the black lace. Every slow undulation of her body against his had him closer to losing control.

"I haven't danced like this with anyone in a long time," she murmured when he rested his forehead against hers.

"Not even your prick of a husband?" Lucien matched her murmur for volume, but there was no disguising the contempt in his voice. He appreciated the fact that Sophie didn't choose to correct his description.

"Only on our wedding day."

He held her a fraction tighter. He hadn't danced with a woman in over ten years either, but then he hadn't duped anyone with false promises of romance. And in truth... it felt pretty good when Sophie closed her eyes and laid her cheek against his chest. Her arm circled his shoulder, her fingertips tangling in the hair at his nape.

The clean, apple scent of her shampoo drifted around him as he let his mouth skim the top of her head, and her mouth brushed his throat as she sighed.

It was the sigh that did it. She sounded like sex, and she felt like sex, and they were in a sex club.

He'd resolved not to push her, but it sounded like the sigh of someone who wanted to be pushed, maybe just a little. So he let his hand skim down over her lace-clad bottom, intensely aware that she was naked beneath the dress.

She sighed again, and her fingers toyed with the buttons of his shirt.

He laid his hand flat in the space below her throat, above her breasts, keeping his caress just in the realm of decency.

He wanted her to lay her hands on his aching cock.

Sophie's warm fingers stroked down his back, moulding him against her until there was no air between them, and Lucien let his hand move down between their bodies to her breasts. Beyond the realm of decency.

Her nipple ripened beneath his thumb, and her fingers slipped back into his hair as she opened her eyes and tipped her head up.

She was turned on. She told him so with her darkened, heavy gaze, and with the infinitesimal arch of her body as he stroked her breasts.

"I think I love this place," she whispered dreamily.

"And I love what this place does to you," he countered against her lips.

"You used the L word again."

"I did. I also love that you're naked underneath this dress." He rocked his hips into her, his erection hard against her abdomen.

The tip of Sophie's tongue snaked over his lips, and he accepted her invitation willingly. The slow, late night music washed around them, a steady beat to move to, to kiss to. Her mouth was warm and open for him, and her arms tightened around him as he massaged her bottom. Christ, she felt amazing. He wanted to ruck her skirt up and fill his hands with her bare skin.

She breathed his name when he squeezed her nipple and didn't stop him when he eased the cup of her dress down just enough to give him access to stroke it without exposing her to the other dancers. She bit down on his lip and groaned.

"Oh god, Lucien."

"Shh." He held her close and kissed her ear. "I still love your tits."

"That's two days on the run," Sophie said, a little unevenly. She was finding it hard to concentrate on speech. "You're in danger of creating a habit."

"And you're in danger of being screwed right here on this dance floor."

He felt her lips form a smile against his mouth.

"Then I guess we'd better sit down."

Sophie sat back down on the love seat and scooted sideways to face Lucien, one leg crooked beneath her. She'd never felt such a heady sensation of sexual exhilaration.

Back in the London Gateway Club she'd been turned on, but guilt had clouded her emotions. Here, in this feline, sophisticated boudoir, she felt liberated, and sexy, and thoroughly adult.

She knew her parted legs were an invitation.

Lucien's eyes dropped to her crotch with the merest lift of an eyebrow, and as he angled his body towards hers, the contours of the seat curved about them, so they were close together both by choice and by necessity. Lucien dropped his hand to rest on Sophie's thigh. She glanced over his shoulder and saw that the couple that'd previously been idly playing were now engaged in full blown sex, the brunette splayed on the chair, the muscles of her partners back gleaming as he knelt before her and pumped his hips.

Brazen with lust, Sophie leaned in and brushed her mouth over Lucien's, opening her legs a little more at the same time. He read her blatant cues perfectly, stroking her inner thighs beneath her dress, his fingers a whisper away from her core.

"How far are you willing to go, princess?" he murmured against her hair, then dragged one slow finger up the entire length of her sex.

Sophie shuddered with pleasure and turned her face to claim his mouth again.

"Further?" he said, trailing back down again. Barely able to breathe with anticipation, Sophie wound her arms around his neck, her fingers massaging his skull, her tongue moving over his.

"More," she breathed.

"I like assertive Sophie." Lucien parted her with his fingers. "Jesus. You feel fucking amazing," he whispered as he let his fingers glide over her opening. "More?"

"Much more."

Lucien's low groan of appreciation rumbled into her mouth as he pushed two fingers deep inside her.

"This much?"

Sophie nodded, rocking on his hand and still desperate for him to go further.

"Feeling brave, princess?" Lucien dropped his other hand between her legs too and in one swift, decisive movement, pushed the lace dress up out of the way.

Up to that point, Sophie had been able to convince herself that their actions were clandestine. Not any more. Lucien had now deliberately exposed their intimacy to anyone who cared to look. Sophie glanced down at his hands between her legs and found that instead of the thought turning her off, it turned her on. Wildly so.

His index finger drew circles on her clitoris.

"You are so much sexier than you know," he said, biting the pad of her thumb when it skimmed his lips. "You have no idea how badly I want to fuck you right now."

He'd voiced her thoughts. His fingers were magic, but she wanted his cock.

"So fuck me."

The words were out of her head and in the air, and his entire body stilled for a moment, apart from the motion of his thumb on her clitoris.

"Sophie..." He seemed hesitant, unable to believe what she'd just said, so she reached down and flicked his trousers open as affirmation. His cock sprang out of its confines, eager and engorged, and Sophie couldn't help but curl her fingers around it.

Lucien shifted a little into the centre of the seat and spread his thighs. "Sit on me."

She swung her leg over him, her hands on the chair back to steady herself, then reached down and positioned the head of his cock.

"All the way, Lucien." Euphoria ran like rapids through her body as she breathed assent into his ear. "I want to go all the way."

Lucien's eyes gleamed with lust as he placed his hands on her hips and pushed her down onto him, then held her there. Impaled. She lifted her eyes from their coupling and found him watching her with an expression of almost tortured pleasure on his shadowed face.

Sophie scooted her knees forward until they touched the back of the seat either side of his hips, and his hands moved around to cup her backside beneath the rucked up lace skirt.

Behind them, a Rubenesque tableau came to life. The brunette, now on her knees pleasuring her Adonis. At the bar, a naked woman perched on a high stool, Venus leaning back against her lover as he fondled her body. Couples everywhere, in various states of intimacy, locked in their own hedonistic worlds, the eroticism heightened ten-fold by the presence of others orbiting around them.

And Lucien Knight. Beneath her, inside her, all over her. Sophie started to move, letting his hands be her guide, letting their erotic delight build stroke by stroke to breaking point. The music swirled around them, a steady heartbeat dictating the sexual pace, as the low lights and candle shadows spotlit curves and outlined figures. Sophie ground down on Lucien as her body shuddered, and then leaned in close and kissed him through his own jolting, intense climax.

He wound his hands into her hair and eased her mouth off his as his body stilled. "Sophie Black. You fucking amaze me."

Chapter Seventeen

Sophie stretched out an arm, reaching for the warmth of Lucien in the vast bed. Pillows. Expensive sheets. But that was all. Hm. She opened her eyes and squinted against the morning light as she sat up. Lucien's side of the bed was rumpled and decidedly empty.

She flopped back on the pillows and lay still for a few moments, letting the new day settle on her and the previous night's events come back to her.

The lingerie boutique. The toy store. The sex club.

A quick glance beneath the quilt confirmed that she was nude, and memories of a night entwined with Lucien's equally naked body filtered in. It had been after three in the morning when they'd arrived back at the penthouse, and she'd unhesitatingly invited him to sleep in her bed... because she really wanted him there. Her only lucid memory was of Lucien unlacing her dress and curling his big warm body around hers from shoulder to hip, his leg over hers, his arms bracketing her body. She'd woken at some point and found she'd turned to face him, so close that she could feel his light, even breathing on her cheek as he slept. When she'd closed her eyes again, her dreams had been of sweeping alpine lands, freezing, glassy fjords... and of untamable lone wolves.

Where was he? Sophie lay still and listened for telltale sounds. No running water in the bathroom. No feet padding across marble floors. No low hum of the breakfast news on TV, nor the rattle of a coffee cup on its saucer. Nothing, in fact. Even from her limited vantage point in the bedroom, Sophie sensed that Lucien wasn't here at all.

Mild panic had her sitting up and reaching for her robe, and that was when she spotted the note propped up on the bedside table.

God, had he abandoned her in Paris leaving nothing but a note?

She dropped the robe and picked up the letter, revealing what it had been propped against. Candy pink and smooth, aside from a slender tether of tiny pearls attached to the base. That egg. It had been in cellophane last night, but now it was unwrapped and cool in her palm as she turned it over. She flipped the note open to read Lucien's confident scrawl.

Morning Princess,

Three things.

Last night was incredible.

The car's coming for you at twelve. Lunch meeting.

Lube the egg and slide it inside you. Do not come without me.

L x

Sophie's mouth fell open at the third point on Lucien's list and she dropped the note onto the sheets to look again at the egg. What did it do? She gave it a little shake, half expecting it to crack open and reveal something less egg-like, or at least to chime, or do something other than look like an innocent, shiny, pink candy egg. Lube it. She belatedly noticed the small bottle bearing the familiar Knight Inc. logo, on the bedside table. It had not been there last night. Lucien was a man prepared for anything when it came to sex.

Did he expect her to meet him with the egg in place? Surely not. But even as the objection formed in her mind, she knew it was in vain.

Disconcerted, Sophie reached for her phone to check the time, and groaned. It was almost ten already - where had the morning gone? How could she sleep so soundly amidst all this ferment? She threw the quilt back and flung her feet down, clicking on the flashing message icon as she slid her feet into the white towelling mules.

No knickers. Don't forget the egg. I WILL KNOW.

In the back of the limousine a little later, Sophie crossed her legs and flicked a guilty glance towards the glass privacy partition. There was no way the driver could know that beneath her demure mauve woolen dress she wore no knickers, or that the smooth oval of the egg was buried within her body, yet still she felt as if she had a neon sign around her neck. I'm sleeping with the boss.

Would she do literally anything Lucien told her to?

The thought skimmed in unannounced and Sophie let it sit for a second as she weighed it up. No, maybe not absolutely anything, but she couldn't imagine a situation where she'd want to say no to him, because he seemed to understand her limits. Or did he? Had he anticipated that she'd let him screw her last night in the club? Because it had definitely come as a titanic shock to Sophie herself. It would never have happened in a Knight Inc. club back home in London. But something about last night's venue had freed her to be whoever she wanted to be within the confines of its seductive, velvet-clad walls. And now, in the cold, temperate light of day, she found that she couldn't locate a repentant bone in her body.

She'd loved it. Been turned on by it. And thinking about it in the back of the limo, she was turned on by it all over again. She pressed her bottom into the seat, pleasurably aware of the egg's presence inside her, enhanced by the secret knowledge that she was naked beneath her skirt.

The car eased to a halt outside a swish-looking restaurant. Sophie climbed out and smiled nervously at the chauffeur as he held her door open for her, then stepped beneath the black canopies of the restaurant. Precision-manicured bay trees stood sentry on the pavement and the gilt metal frames around the windows reflected the passing cars like mirrors.

The maitre d' appeared as soon as Sophie stepped inside the doorway, ramrod-backed and elegantly suited. The moment she mentioned Lucien's name a look of deference wreathed his previously passive features.

"Mr. Knight is expecting you, madame," he murmured, and inclined his head discreetly for her to follow him into the dining room.

Beyond the sophisticated vestibule, the room opened out into a large, ornate and high-ceilinged formal dining room that was everything Sophie might have daydreamed as a postcard-perfect Parisian restaurant. Starched white table linen matched the stiffened white aprons of the waiting staff and heavy silver tableware abounded. Glamorous patrons lunched, every bit as immaculate as their surroundings. And there amongst them was Lucien Knight.

Sophie spotted him a second or two before he saw her. He was deep in conversation with the man at his side, but there was no missing the flash of pleasure that crossed his face when he caught sight of her. He excused himself and stood to greet her as she approached.

"Gentlemen, this is Sophie Black, my PA."

Two pairs of similarly dark eyes turned to her with polite interest, one younger, one considerably older.

"Sophie, this is Elron... and Peter Carmichael."

"It's lovely to meet you." Sophie hoped it was going to be. She looked sharply at Lucien. What was he playing at?

Both men proffered firm handshakes as they stood in greeting, then Lucien held Sophie's chair until she was seated.

The men were obviously father and son, given their matching surnames and eyes.

"Elron and Peter own one of the largest sex toy companies in the States, Sophie, as I expect you recall. They produce quite a few Knight Inc. products on our behalf."

Sophie nodded, cogs of understanding turning as she recognised the familiar Carmichael name once Lucien had placed it within a work context. It was a company name she'd seen often.

"I'm delighted to meet you both in person," she smiled genuinely, as a waiter arrived with their hors d'oeuvres.

Lucien leaned in close as the plates were placed in front of them. "I ordered for you earlier. There wasn't any pizza on the menu, sorry."

She shot him a scathing look and could tell he was discreetly laughing as he looked down. Her eyes followed his nervously to their plates. She could only offer thanks to the culinary gods that he hadn't ordered snails, because she was no Julia Roberts, and knowing her luck there would be no deft waiter on hand to catch any of the errant little shells. She was far more likely to put out one of the exquisitely colourful and clearly very old windowpanes.

The salmon on her plate was more a work of art than a starter, a delicate coral fan surrounded by eau de nil foam. Flavours exploded in Sophie's mouth from the first taste: the smoky oak of the salmon, freshness from morsels of cucumber and an unexpected kick of horseradish from the foam. The waiter reappeared with wine selected specifically to accompany the dish, and on investigation, Sophie could only marvel at how perfectly they went together.

She contributed to the conversation a little as they chatted with the Carmichaels about Paris, and found herself relaxing and appreciating more and more the beautiful dining room with its high frescoed ceiling. The towering picture windows looked out over grand parkland, letting natural light flood the room and glint off the crystal chandeliers.

The second course arrived seamlessly, a colourful plate of poached hen's egg perched atop Iberian ham, with bright green watercress puree.

"Bacon and eggs, Paris style," Elron joked in his easy Californian accent.

"Looks delicious," she murmured as she broke the yolk with her fork and watched the vibrant yellow yolk ooze down into the vivid puree. The aroma of the poshest breakfast ever hit her nostrils, and she caught Lucien's eye as she lifted the first taste to her mouth. He raised his glass to her with the merest suggestion of a wink.

And then Sophie dropped her fork from her fingers. The others looked up in mild surprise as it clattered onto her plate.

The egg was vibrating, and not the egg on her plate.

Astounded and flustered, she picked her fork up swiftly and smiled, hoping that there was no watercress in her teeth and - oh God - that they couldn't hear her crotch buzzing. She belatedly realised she'd been too busy appreciating the egg's prettiness last night to notice the remote control that Lucien must have hidden somewhere about his person right now.

The mellow sounds of a piano underscored the low level of chatter and the clink of silver on porcelain. It was all so very civilised. Except for this.

She couldn't look at Lucien.

"Excuse me. Butterfingers," she said, rolling her eyes. She was fairly sure her cheeks were glowing.

"Is there something wrong with your egg, Sophie?" Lucien asked, his face a mask of polite concern.

She cleared her throat and reached for her wine glass rather than answer him straight away for fear of what she might actually say.

"No, no, it's very nice," she said after a fortifying glug of wine, disconcerted when her voice came out in a helium squeak.

"Nice?" he frowned, clearly displeased with her bland choice of words. The vibrations of the egg intensified.

Christ. She cleared her throat desperately and glanced at Peter Carmichael in the hope that he'd start a conversation about anything in the world except for eggs. Her body throbbed.

"Lucien tells me you're new to the adult entertainment industry, Sophie. I hope you're not finding it too shocking."

Okay, so that didn't help. "Well, it's never dull," she managed, wishing she could say more but finding it hard to engage her brain and her mouth because Lucien had flicked the egg onto pulsate.

She couldn't eat another mouthful, and her cheeks must be redder than ripe tomatoes. Surely the Carmichaels must have realised that there was something amiss? But their conversation continued, flowing around her as if everything was perfectly normal.

How could that be? She was knickerless and being massaged internally by her lover whilst he conducted a conversation about the uptick in sex toy sales following the recent explosion of erotic fiction onto the adult entertainment market. She fought the sensations inside her with every ounce of self-control she possessed, struggling to keep possession of her thoughts and expression. She glanced at Lucien's poker face. Nothing to see, nothing to plead with.

The plates were cleared, and Sophie could have sagged with relief when Lucien ceased his ministrations as the waiter circled the table topping up their glasses. She even managed a couple of minutes' worth of impressively lucid conversation with their guests as their main courses arrived. Sophie's first thought was relief that her plate was egg-free. She glanced across from her divine-looking pink lamb to Lucien's snowy white fish. It sat centrally on a bed of pale green baby leeks, accompanied by not one, not two, but three whole little coddled quail's eggs.

She swallowed painfully, and looked up at him, panic-stricken, as the wine waiter momentarily distracted the Carmichaels' attention.

"Lucien, please don't," she hissed through a clenched smile, and in response he speared one of the eggs and raised it to his lips.

"Don't what, princess?" he asked, low enough for only Sophie to catch. "This?" He clicked the love egg back into life and held her gaze. Where was that remote? The Carmichaels would know it instantly if they saw it. They'd probably made the damn thing.

Fuck, fuck, fuck. Every nerve ending in her body responded, and it took more effort than Sophie had ever dreamed she could muster not to jolt, nor groan, nor allow any flicker of emotion to cross her face.

"Or this?" Lucien glanced at the Carmichaels to ensure they were still distracted, then licked the tip of the egg. "Did you enjoy sliding the egg inside you this morning, Sophie? I enjoyed imagining you doing it." He slid his lips all the way over the egg and devoured it with a satisfied swallow. "Tastes good. I bet you'd taste even better if I dropped to my knees right now under this table." He stabbed a second egg, and then ratcheted up the vibrations in Sophie's body. She couldn't be certain that she didn't whimper.

"I want to eat you."

He turned the love-egg up to full speed just as the waiter drifted away and the Carmichaels turned back to them.

"Where were we?" Elron smiled, picking up his cutlery.

Even in her unprecedented situation, Sophie felt fairly certain that 'I was on the verge of orgasming while my boss lewdly sucks eggs' wasn't an appropriate response.

"We were just about to toss a coin, actually," Lucien said with a smile. "Notre Dame or The Louvre? Sophie can't decide which she'd like to visit this afternoon. As it's her first time in Paris I feel honour bound to give her a little time off."

Peter Carmichael took the bait, and Sophie nodded her way through the merits of each as she picked unfocusedly at her lamb and tried her best not to react when Lucien changed the egg's rhythm. It was exquisite torture. Pulse. Vibrate. Wave. Pulse. Vibrate. Wave. She wanted to squirm in her chair. She wanted to gasp out loud. She wanted Lucien.

He stilled the vibrations as their plates were finally cleared again, and Sophie glanced around for a possible escape route to the ladies' room. Lucien caught her eye and shook his head slowly, a clear warning that he was onto her plan and disapproved of it. He couldn't disguise the wickedness of his smile.

"Dessert next, Sophie. It's one of my favourites."

"It is?"

"Oh, definitely," Lucien nodded conversationally, as two waiters arrived at their table bearing dessert wine and their final courses to go with it.

How bad could a simple pudding be? Sophie hardly dared look down.

Very bad, as it turned out.

Fresh figs lounged indolently on her plate. Halved, they were eye-wateringly, scandalously feminine displays of glistening pink flesh, damp with beads of honey, dark juices pooling in their centres. Their burst open skins were seemingly unequal to the struggle of containing their rosy nectar, their sweet, seductive scent was a waft of delicate perfume.

It was, in short, the most indecent pudding Sophie had ever clapped eyes on. And predictably, Lucien chose the moment she touched a fork against it to reignite the vibrations inside her body. She closed her eyes for a brief moment.

Enough was enough. Sophie laid her cutlery down and reached instead for her wine. She needed to take charge of this situation, and that called for a bolstering shot of Dutch courage.

Selecting her spoon as her weapon of choice, she glanced around the table with a light laugh. "This looks almost too pretty to eat." She ran the tip of her tongue over her lips for Lucien's benefit. He didn't miss it. His eyes narrowed a little, and his finger pressed the button to increase the egg's intimate vibrations.

Sophie tensed her stomach muscles against the sensation and plunged her spoon into one of the glistening figs before sliding the pink flesh between her lips. She didn't have to fake her enjoyment. It was heavenly.

"Gosh, these are sweet and juicy," she murmured, licking her spoon at Lucien as Peter and Elron, clearly devoted pudding-lovers, were engrossed in their desserts.

His grey blue eyes blazed, and Sophie revelled in the satisfaction of taking back the upper hand. For a moment.

Lucien went nuclear on the egg's control button. Wave, pulse, vibrate. Wave, pulse, vibrate. Faster, deeper, harder.

Sophie had herself under control. Just. She scooped out the rose flesh of another fig and held eye contact with Lucien as she took it slowly into her mouth. This was way more than dessert. It was a battle of wills.

Elron was marvelling at the perfect fusion of the wine and dessert as she savoured the velvet flesh in her mouth. She managed to nod politely in agreement, while only just refraining from banging her fists on the tabletop and noisily orgasming there and then.

What was this? A test of how many rom-com references could be crammed into one lunch date?

Sophie just hoped no one said 'I'll have what she's having.' Because no one was having Lucien apart from her.

"A gastronomic triumph." Peter Carmicheal rubbed his well-fed gut. "Coffee?"

"Sounds perfect," Lucien said, making Sophie want to stab him with her bread knife.

"But I'm afraid Sophie and I will have to leave you gentlemen to it." He glanced at his watch. "There's somewhere we need to be."

Chapter Eighteen

Lucien all but dragged Sophie into the back of the limo when they stepped out onto the pavement.

"You vixen." His mouth was on her ear. His hands were everywhere. He lunged to

slide up the privacy screen a second before he pulled her across his lap and pushed her skirt up.

"I've wanted to do this since the moment you walked into the restaurant."

Sophie couldn't hold the groan in when he flicked the egg back into life again, because she was straddled over his erection.

"You seemed to enjoy your dessert a little too much, Ms. Black," he murmured, pulling her mouth down onto his as she yanked his shirt free of his trousers and unfastened his belt.

Sophie sucked down air when Lucien tugged experimentally on the string of tiny pearls that led to the egg.

"I take it from the look on your face that you like your Easter gift?"

He increased the vibrations and flicked the pad of his thumb up and down over her clitoris, small, targeted movements that had her squirming.

"Better than chocolate," she managed, and he moaned as her fingers surrounded his cock. Christ, he was so ready, and he had her drenched as he wound the pearl tether around his fingers and slid the still vibrating egg slowly out of her body.

Lucien's hot, probing tongue slid around inside her mouth as he settled her over his cock.

"Thank God," she breathed as he buried himself inside her then held her against him hip to hip.

His bold smile pressed against her lips. "Better now?"

"Much better." Sophie unbuttoned his shirt and ran her hands over the hard, warm expanse of his chest. He shifted his hips a little in response and groaned as he moved inside her with slow, satisfying thrusts.

Lucien's hand snaked between them and his other hand clamped over her mouth when she squealed with shock as the vibrating egg in his hand buzzed against her clitoris.

"Shhh," he laughed softly and held her steady, perfectly aware that she was going to come hard and fast within seconds.

He wrapped his arms around her and crushed her body against his naked chest, the vibrating egg wedged between their bodies. He thrust purposefully once, twice, three more times before her body arched rigid with the intensity of release, magnified by the fact that Lucien's body bucked sharply at the same time.

A few breaths later, he stilled the egg's vibrations and covered her mouth with the slow, blissful kisses of a sexually satisfied man.

A couple of hours later, Sophie stood in front of the Mona Lisa and wondered what must have passed through the sitter's mind. Her perfectly rendered ambiguous expression and enigmatic smile certainly suggested that she knew something the rest of world didn't. Maybe Leonardo Da Vinci had been naked when he painted her.

Sophie caught herself and wondered at the path her mind had just taken. If she'd come here with anyone but Lucien she'd no doubt have admired the painting in a more scholarly fashion. Being around him seemed to pare away her layers of respectability and leave her five steps closer to her cavewoman ancestors.

Was it a better way to live? It was certainly more fun in the short term. But this wasn't short term for Lucien, it was his life. Sophie wasn't sure who had a better outlook on the world. Then she lost her train of thought completely when Lucien placed his hand on her hip and kissed her neck.

"Seen enough?"

She sighed happily and turned around. "I think so. Thank you for bringing me here. I didn't seriously expect you to show me the sights."

She'd thought Lucien was making small talk with the Carmichaels when he'd asked for their opinions on the best landmarks, but she'd been wrong. Their clothing straightened and features relatively composed after their steamy clinch in the limo, they'd been dropped off at Notre Dame. After a leisurely inspection, they'd sat down for strong French coffees at a pavement cafe, then spent the last couple of hours strolling around the Louvre.

Lucien had proved himself a remarkably knowledgeable guide in ways Sophie hadn't anticipated, offering snippets and anecdotes as they made their way around. She very much doubted whether many other Parisian tour guides would have informed her that the traditional champagne coupe glass had reportedly been modelled on the shape of Marie Antoinette's breasts.

"I like playing hooky with you," he said now, guiding her out of the museum and past the huge, sharp-edged glass pyramid, so fabulously, incongruously different to the grand palace wrapped around it.

If their chauffeur had any idea of what had taken place in the seclusion behind his privacy screen after they'd left the restaurant, he didn't allow it to show on his face as he held Sophie's door open for her to climb in. Lucien slid in beside her, and as the car moved away into the heavy traffic Sophie leaned wearily against him. He stretched his arm along her shoulders and stroked her hair.

"Tired, princess?"

His fingers settled on the curve of her neck, a slow, firm, massaging pressure that made her tip her head back onto his arm in pleasure.

"Bushed."

"No clubbing tonight for you then?"

Sophie's feet ached from sight-seeing and her body ached - admittedly pleasurably - from the sexual marathon of the last twenty-four hours.

"Can we maybe just stay in?"

Lucien frowned. "With Paris on our doorstep?"

Sophie rolled her head sideways to look at him. "We can look at it from the balcony."

His eyebrows were still lowered.

"What's wrong?" Sophie lifted her head and scrutinised him.

He shrugged. "I just don't want you to get the wrong idea."

She laughed softly. "Staying in is too domesticated for you?"

Lucien's mouth twisted to the side. "I don't do cosy nights in."

"Lucien, you are officially the least cosy man I've ever known, okay? I'm just knackered." It crossed her mind too that a night in at the incredible penthouse was hardly the same as slumping on a suburban sofa in front of a soap opera.

He scanned her face for a few seconds and then sighed.

"Fine. We'll stay in. We can eat on the balcony."

Dinner for two on the balcony overlooking the Eiffel Tower had romance stamped all over it in bright red ink, but Sophie refrained from mentioning it. It sounded beyond heavenly, and she knew that if she did he was likely to suggest something far more exhaustingly depraved as an alternative.

"Can we watch a movie too?" She pushed her luck for the hell of it.

"Only if it's porn."

"An Officer and a Gentleman?"

"Emmanuelle?"

Sophie smiled and closed her eyes as she rested her head back on his arm.

"I'll meet you in the middle. Nine and a half weeks."

Lucien pressed send on the thank you email he'd just composed to Louis Duval, one of his oldest and closest friends. A man who'd grown up in the school of hard knocks, Louis had recognised a kindred spirit in Lucien the moment he'd shown up for a job interview as barman at one of his adult clubs in the French capital. The older man had seen the spark behind the young Norwegian's scowl, and he'd taken the time to mentor his protege from barman to businessman. Over the intervening years they'd remained firm friends, and it was as Louis's guests that Lucien and Sophie now stayed in the penthouse. The man himself was overseas at his Barbados residence for the winter; he was a warm-blooded man who liked to follow the sun.

Lucien looked up from his laptop, distracted by Sophie as she padded through from the bedroom, fresh, fragrant and flushed from the bath.

"Dinner will be here soon," he said, inhaling the scent of her as she passed the antique desk. "I'm almost done here." He gestured towards the paperwork scattered around the computer.

"Is there anything I can do to help?" Remembering her PA responsibilities almost guiltily, Sophie hovered at his shoulder.

"Yes." He plucked at the belt of her robe idly. "Get out of this, or get out of reach so I can finish up."

No guilt required, then. Not professionally, anyway. Sophie leaned down and kissed him, her open mouth warm and inviting over his for a few brief seconds before she straightened. "I guess I'll go and watch that movie then."

He smacked her bottom as she moved away, retribution for leaving him alone at the desk trying to think straight despite his now swelling cock.

He breathed deeply and centred his thoughts on work, but he heard Sophie laugh at some British comedy she'd found on the TV and found he wanted it to be him she was laughing with instead.

He could still smell her bubble bath, and he could see her reflection in the mirror over the desk. She was curled on the end of the sofa, drying her freshly washed hair with her fingers, the subdued light of the TV illuminating her in hues of pale blue and silver as she smiled.

It was no good. His concentration was shot. He threw his pen down, clicked the laptop shut and got to his feet.

"You're a distraction." He leaned against the doorway with his arms folded.

"Sorry." She patted the sofa. "Come and watch for a while until dinner arrives."

He paused for a second, about to refuse, but his legs had other ideas and carried him over to her. She swivelled around as he sat down, lying herself flat along the sofa with her head in his lap. Okay, so that was unexpected.

"Tell me it's not a slushy movie." He rubbed her hair dry, damp silk in his fingers.

She rolled her eyes. "Don't panic. Dinner will be here in a minute and save you from the romance."

"I can think of another way to pass the time," he said, but she stilled the hand he'd been about to slide into her robe and held it to her cheek instead. Her lips brushed warm on his palm, and he curved his fingers, cupping her face as she closed her eyes.

It soothed him to see her serene and untroubled, properly at ease for once. He'd known all along that bringing her to Paris would force a make-or-break situation between them, but had gambled that it would be worth it, because having her around him in the office day in day out without being able to touch her was definitely more hindrance than help. These last couple of days she'd finally allowed the other Sophie Black out to play again, and already she looked a more fulfilled woman for it. Was the bloom in her cheeks the lingering result of time spent in the warm bathroom, or something more? She opened her eyes and looked up at him, a sparkle where there had been only dullness of late.

Yes. He had wagered well. Paris was good for Sophie Black, there was his payout. But was Sophie Black good for him?

Chapter Nineteen

"I'd never tire of this view."

Sophie stood on the penthouse balcony with her hands on the cast iron railings and surveyed Paris by moonlight. Pale, blue-grey buildings scattered with pinprick diamond lights in the windows. The Eiffel Tower a glittering column of light presiding over them.

Lucien joined her on the balcony. Dinner had just arrived beneath polished silver cloches and now awaited them on the balcony dining table.

"You look very beautiful."

Sophie absorbed his quiet compliment, glad that he'd taken the time to notice her efforts. She couldn't put her finger on why it had mattered to dress for dinner. She could have easily and decadently stayed in her robe. It wasn't as if it was a date, yet still she'd lingered over her choice of clothing. In the end she'd opted again for her beloved new dress. It seemed a shame that she'd only worn it fleetingly to the club last night: it deserved more. Dinner overlooking the Paris skyline fitted the bill handsomely. Strictly, the dress was better without underwear, yet she hadn't been able to resist the lure of the silken lingerie also delivered by the boutique last night.

As she'd stepped into the little black knickers and fastened the quarter-cup bra behind her, she'd straightened and tried to see what Lucien saw when he looked at her. She'd pinned her hair up loosely and applied a little makeup, added high heels for effect, and then stood back to survey the results.

There was so little to the underwear, yet what there was of it worked so much harder than any other lingerie Sophie had ever owned. Thanks to the cut of the knickers, her waist seemed a little more dipped, her legs a touch longer. The bra was something else again. How could such a scant frippery provide such perfect support? Her breasts rose like pale marble, rose-tipped and suggestively revealed. It was sex underwear, and Sophie wanted to wear it for Lucien. She was his Parisian courtesan for the evening.

He'd made an effort for her too, with his usual unerring instinct. His white shirt fitted his body in all the right places, highlighting rather than hiding the breadth of his shoulders and the definition of his biceps. No tie of course, and sleeves folded back; trademark, laid back Lucien and sexy as hell. His narrow charcoal trousers made Sophie's hands itch to run over his backside. He was beautiful whatever he wore, but like this he was breathtaking. And all the more so because he'd made the effort just for her. Even though it wasn't a date.

He moved alongside her and rested his hand on the curve of her waist.

"Why the serious face?" he asked, his other hand warm over hers on the railings.

Sophie chewed her lip, unsure how to phrase the thoughts that had occupied her mind before he joined her outside. "This place..." she gestured around the balcony, at the flower-laden window boxes and elegantly laid table. "This view..." she looked out over Paris, and then back at Lucien. "And us. It's romantic, whether you like it or not."

She didn't dare look at him.

"I don't see romance. I see sexy." His tone was light, as he ran the back of his fingers down her arm. "I see two people making the most of the moment." His other hand massaged her waist. "I see a woman with curves in all the right places, and a man who wants to eat dinner and then get her out of her dress as soon as possible."

Sophie laughed and shook her head a little wistfully. He had a glib answer for everything, but still, something told her that he didn't always operate on that shallow level in his head. His mouth said one thing, but his body said another. His words said I want you now, but every now and then his body said I'll adore you always.

Or was that the classic mistake of a woman on the rebound, seeing her new lover's actions through rose-tinted glasses? Lucien had certainly never said anything to lead her on or make her think of him in terms of a boyfriend.

Boyfriend. Even the word was alien in this context. Lucien Knight was nobody's boyfriend. He was a man, not a boy, a lover not a boyfriend.

Right now he was a big, beautiful man who had decided it was time for them to eat. He held her chair out as she sat down, then reached towards the candles in the silver candelabra. His fingers hovered near the wicks for a second.

"Will you take it the wrong way if I light these?"

Sophie paused for a beat. "How could I take a candle-lit dinner any other way?"

"I'm lighting them because it's dark, and because they're there." He conjured the flames into life and sat down opposite her. "But there's no denying that you look even more fuckable by candlelight."

Fine. She'd play it his way. "So do you."

Lucien's confident expression flickered like the flames for the merest of seconds, just long enough for Sophie to observe that he was a man used to giving the compliments rather than receiving them. Or maybe it was just her compliments that he was uncomfortable with.

Frowning slightly, she lifted the silver dome in front of her, more than ready for the distraction of food to distance her from her disturbing thought processes.

And it was distracting. Plump, rare fillet steak, butter-soft and accompanied by golden frites and salad.

"No eggs this time?" she asked, wide-eyed and innocent.

"Would you like there to be?"

Smart guy. She shot him a reproving look. "You were out of order today. The Carmichaels must have wondered what was going on."

"It was product research."

"What, and I was the guinea pig?"

He paused midway through cutting his steak and regarded her, amusement dancing in his eyes.

"You don't fool me. You loved it, Sophie Black."

Sophie considered a denial... but who was she kidding? It had indeed been a massive turn-on, knowing Lucien had control of her body, sharing the intimacy of a sexy secret with him in a public place.

"Okay. Maybe I did love it a little bit. Did you?"

"Are you trying to make me say the L word again, Sophie?" he countered. "Because if you are, then hell yeah. I loved it." Lucien splashed wine into Sophie's glass and then his own. "I loved having you at my mercy. I loved watching you struggle to hide how fucking excited you were." He picked up his wine glass and drank from it, his eyes darkening lustfully. "And I loved knowing that you were naked beneath that dress. I was hard for you most of the way through lunch."

He set the glass back down. "So. Enough love for you? Or do you want more?"

Sophie was amused, despite herself. "I think that's probably enough love for you tonight. You're in danger of having real feelings."

"Not a chance," he smirked and raised his glass again. "But for the record, I still love your tits."

"Just eat your dinner."

As he laughed softly and looked down at his plate, a sucker punch of emotion hit Sophie squarely in the chest. Cast golden in the candlelight, his easy smile and unguarded laughter was such a rare, beautiful thing. Agitation made the delicious food suddenly unpalatable. Her feelings for Lucien confused the hell out of her. On paper, this should be easy. No strings, no emotions, no heartbreak. So how come he'd managed to take over her mind and her body so completely that she had barely spared a thought for anyone else since they'd arrived here? The man bewitched her.

"Enough?" He laid his cutlery down and nodded towards her half-eaten steak.

Sophie nodded and glanced up at the cloud-scuttled sky. A few spots of rain dampened her cheeks as she shivered a little. There was a definite nip in the air that the food and blood-warm red wine couldn't counter.

Lucien picked up their glasses. "Looks like rain's stopped play. Let's go inside."

Chapter Twenty

His choice of the armchair rather than sofa startled Sophie enough to make her mirror his choice in the opposite armchair. His decision to cork the wine in favour of a bottle of tequila and two shot glasses was equally disconcerting. When he laid down a deck of cards, she was completely nonplussed.

"Cards and tequila. Now you've surprised me."

"Good." He poured two shots of tequila and pushed one towards her. "Let's play strip poker."

Sophie picked up her glass and drained it. She understood his game. This was a prelude to sex, but as the clear liquid burned her throat, she found she wanted to make her own moves too.

"If we're drinking tequila, then the game should be truth or dare."

Lucien swallowed his shot and refilled their glasses. "Fine. But I'll lie, and you'll regret it."

Much as Sophie suspected he was right, the idea of having carte blanche to ask Lucien questions was too tempting to pass up.

"I'll play your game if you'll play mine." She folded her arms across her chest and tilted her head in challenge.

Lucien leaned back in his chair and contemplated her, his shot glass in his hand. In his white dress shirt and the low lamplight of the room, he looked like he belonged in a late-night club, ready to seduce someone over a bottle of whisky.

One hundred percent trouble, and off the scale sexy.

"Fine." He leaned forward and dealt the cards.

"I don't remember the rules," she said, picking them up. Her experiences of strip poker had been little more than glorified snap designed for titillation rather than strategy.

"Good. You'll be naked pretty darn fast in that case." Lucien turned his cards over and studied them. Confusion must have been written all over her face when he looked up again. "Okay, okay." There was a glint in his eye. "Let's make this simple." He gathered the cards back in and re-dealt them just one card each. "Lowest card loses. Aces high."

Sophie nodded and turned her card over. A seven. Maybe...

He flicked his card over in his fingers so she could see it. A nine. He raised an eyebrow, enjoying his advantage.

"This is probably the point where you wish you'd worn more clothes, princess."

She tossed her seven down on the table. His eyes flicked over the card, and then back up her legs to her face.

Sophie kicked off one shoe.

"Both of them. They count as one item."

"According to whose rules?"

"Mine."

She sighed dramatically and removed the other shoe, placing both neatly beside her chair. Lucien retrieved her card and reshuffled skillfully, the cards whirring through his fingers.

Sophie held up a hand to stop him as he leaned forward to deal the next pair.

"Truth or dare first. You promised."

He rolled his eyes and picked up his shot glass, then drained it and banged it down on the table. "Shoot."

Sophie cleared her throat, her own glass still full in her fingers. What did she want to know first? He was one long list of contradictions and unanswered questions. They could be here all night, so she decided not to pussyfoot around.

"Okay." She eyed him levelly. "How many women have you loved?"

He didn't miss a beat. "One."

Sophie realised too late that she'd made the elementary mistake of asking a closed question, leaving her with another, bigger one unanswered. She found the notion of Lucien in love with someone else unsettling. Stupid. She'd think more carefully next time.

"Drink up." He poured his own shot and refilled hers when she'd swallowed it.

Rain beat down on the windows and on their abandoned table outside, making Sophie feel incongruously that it was as if they were cloistered inside playing cards on a camping trip because the weather had turned.

"Do I get to ask you a question now, then?" He shuffled the cards again with idle expertise.

"If you want to."

Lucien's eyes moved slowly over Sophie's face. "How many times have you wished you were in Paris with your cock of a husband instead of me?"

"None." The word came out at speed, a gut reaction that shocked Sophie more than it did Lucien. "Not once," she said, more quietly this time. She'd thought of Dan, inevitably. She'd wondered bitterly where he was and what he was doing, but as for wishing that he were here at her side in Paris instead of Lucien? No. Not even once.

"Does that bother you?" Lucien enquired smoothly.

"You're not allowed to ask a second question," she said, mostly because she wanted to avoid answering it.

Lucien raised his eyebrows for a second, and then leaned forward and dealt two cards.

Sophie reached for hers. Ten of hearts. The corners of her mouth tipped up involuntarily, enjoying the game now that she was likely to win the round. She turned the card to Lucien, who nodded philosophically and dropped his three of clubs on the table.

"Any preference?" he asked, gesturing down at his clothes with perfect assurance.

"You choose."

He rubbed his lips together in deliberation, and then started to unbutton his shirt.

Sophie swallowed her tequila. Trust him to go straight for a big money item. He watched her face as he popped the last button and shrugged the shirt off his shoulders onto the floor.

He settled back into the chair, thoroughly comfortable with his semi-clad state.

"Is it interrogation time again?"

"You say interrogation, I say talking."

"Let's call the whole thing off then and cut to the sex bit."

"Very funny." Sophie chewed her lip. "Why are you so anti-marriage?"

Lucien's expression gave so little away, but Sophie didn't miss the way his grip tightened on the arms of the chair.

He shrugged. "I'll take the dare."

Sophie paused. She hadn't banked on that, and she seriously doubted that her limited imagination could come up with anything that would be out of Lucien's comfort zone, not sexually at least, anyway. The tequila wasn't helping either, she couldn't think straight.

"Umm... Sing to me!" she said, giggling.

He laughed. "Don't be fucking ridiculous."

Sophie realised with pleasure that she'd inadvertently hit on something that actually made him uncomfortable.

"I don't sing. Not for you or anyone else."

"Not even in the shower?"

"Want to come in with me to check?"

Sophie wasn't letting him off the hook. "Truth or dare. You choose."

He rolled his broad shoulders and glanced down.

"Love is a temporary insanity curable by marriage, as they say. It fucks people up."

"So you do believe in love?"

"Only when it comes to your tits. And that was two questions. Take your dress off as a forfeit."

It was an unsatisfactory answer, but she had no chance to object as he cleverly moved her attention on with his sexy demand.

"You can't make up new rules."

He lifted an eyebrow at her lazily then pushed a card across the table.

She looked at it with trepidation, then reached down and flipped it over quickly.

"Ha!" She pointed at the queen of clubs and then at Lucien. "Ha!"

He turned over the king of diamonds and sat back with his arms folded across his naked chest.

"Dress. Off. Now."

Sophie's problem lay in her underwear. The idea of continuing this game clad only in the indecent quarter-cup bra and barely-there knickers had her reaching for her tequila yet again.

Was she brave enough? Her only other option was to throw in the towel, and that didn't feel like something that could happen in Lucien's rulebook. Besides, she wanted to keep asking him questions. What's more, she had to acknowledge that a part of her did want to take off her dress and let him look. A frisson ran through her body at the thought.

He watched her weigh up her options in silence, arms still crossed and a look of unyielding expectation on his face.

The dress had to come off. She stood up, reminded of her first time with Lucien in the Gateway club in London. Back then he'd asked her to take her dress off rather than ordered her, though.

She reached for the side zip and slid it down, then shrugged the dress into a pool on the floor. Two options presented themselves. Sit down quickly, or stand there brazenly and let him drink his fill.

"Sophie, Sophie, Sophie."

Lucien's low, appreciative groan sealed the deal.

Sophie attempted the universal model pose, a hand on her hip, one knee slightly bent, and Lucien nodded a little.

"Fucking beautiful."

He stood and walked slowly towards her, and she held her breath in anticipation.

"Something's not quite right," he said, close enough to touch her anywhere he chose. Her nipples beaded for him, and the tip of his tongue touched his lips as he looked at them.

"Sit down."

Her eyes flickered to his, and he inclined his head towards the armchair. Surprised, Sophie perched uncertainly, and Lucien took his place behind her on the arm of the chair.

"It's your hair," he murmured, resting his hands on the curve of her neck, his thumbs rolling on her backbone. "I want it down." Her hands moved to unpin it, but he caught them and laid them back in her lap. "Let me."

Sophie closed her eyes as his fingers moved over her hair, slowly removing the pins one by one. It was an act of tenderness, so out of place in the theatre of their sex games that it brought a lump to her throat. This was what had been missing from her marriage, too. Scorching sex was all well and good, but she could have lived forever with Dan's missionary style if he'd shown her even a fraction of the sensitivity that Lucien did right at that moment.

She heard the tinkle of pins on glass, then felt the strength and warmth of Lucien's fingers working through her hair. Mussing, freeing, caressing. He moved from the arm of the chair and dropped to his knees between hers, then leaned back a little to survey his handiwork. His eyes roamed over her hair, her face, then lower, to her exposed breasts.

"Now you're perfect."

He dipped his head first to one nipple, then the other. The lightest of kisses, the briefest swirl of his tongue before he lifted his face to hers and kissed her mouth. His hands slid into the hair he'd just unpinned, his kiss tasted of tequila and tenderness and desire.

He'd done it again. Blindsided her with his contradictions: one minute the lustful Viking and the next her romantic hero. He kissed her until she couldn't think straight, until her arms wound around him of their own accord, until all thoughts of anything but how very much she wanted him left her head.

And then he stopped and retreated to his own chair.

"I believe it's my turn to ask a question," he said.

She swallowed, already mourning the loss of his touch.

"Tell me your wildest sexual fantasy."

Fuck. Before Lucien, her wildest fantasy had been sex that lasted more than ten minutes and guaranteed that she'd get to her own orgasm before Dan climaxed and rolled over.

And since Lucien, the idea of fantasies seemed absurd because he was one great big living fantasy, and he made her think and do things that were all well above and beyond any that her sheltered imagination could conjure up.

"Honestly?" she said, embarrassed. "I don't have any."

Lucien looked incredulous. "Everyone has fantasies, princess."

Sophie shook her head. "Our lives are very different, Lucien."

"Meaning?"

"Meaning that before I met you my life revolved around the weekly shop, the TV guide and scrubbing the bath. I was someone's wife, someone who expected dinner on the table and clean clothes in his wardrobe. I typed building extension reports for a lecherous boss whose wife I picked out Christmas presents for. Any fantasies I had mainly involved someone else cooking my dinner and no alarm going off in the morning."

Whoa. Where did all of that come from? And how wildly inappropriate, given her state of undress.

"And you have to ask me why I'm anti-marriage?" Lucien arched his eyebrow.

Sophie huffed softly. She'd walked right into that one.

"Anyway, that's my truthful answer."

He shook his head, probably shocked by her provincial dullness.

"We need to work on that, Ms. Black. Come on over here so I can take off your bra."

"You haven't won the round yet."

He rolled his eyes and then dealt out two cards, turning first hers and then his own, scowling at her delighted laugh. Tequila was the best drink in the world. Even though she was sitting there in next to nothing, she was able to draw competitive joy from winning.

"You lose, Mr. Knight."

He rolled his shoulders with a decidedly bored look on his face. "I'm going to make this really easy."

He stood and unfastened his trousers, sliding them off along with everything else except for his black Calvin Cleins.

Dear God. If he ever wanted to try his hand at male modelling, agencies would be fighting in the streets for him. One shot of him like this and women would queue to buy anything he was selling.

He sat back down and looked at her expectantly.

"Now will you come over here?"

"You can't take off my bra unless I lose."

"Get over here."

"But I haven't asked my question yet."

"Sophie..." Lucien's voice dropped to a warning growl, far too sexy to resist, and Sophie made her way over to him and let him tug her down sideways into his lap.

He was warm and solid beneath her curves and his erection pressed pleasurably against her bottom as she curled up and made herself comfortable.

Lucien ran a finger beneath one of Sophie's bra straps. "It's almost a shame to take this off." He eased one strap down and then the other. "I like it." His hands moved around her body to open the clasp, and Sophie suddenly didn't care in the least about fair play. Having him peel off her underwear was screamingly sexy.

They both looked down as he cupped her breasts in his hands, circling her nipples with the pads of his thumbs.

"I'm ready for your question now." He looked up into her eyes, no doubt fully aware that there was very little chance that she'd be able to string a coherent sentence together at that moment. She cast around in her lust-addled mind, badly wanting to prove him wrong.

"Why don't you have any pets?" she squeaked, then immediately groaned. Where in Gods name had that thought come from, and why, how had it left her mouth? She pressed on regardless. "You know... a dog, or a cat... or a goldfish, maybe?"

He rolled her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers.

"Do I look like the sort of man who has time for pets, Sophie?"

She didn't answer, pink-cheeked and more than aware of the weirdness of trying to conduct a conversation about domestic animals whilst sitting on his raging erection.

"I had a dog when I was a kid. A husky."

His quietly spoken words changed the mood abruptly. In her mind's eye Sophie could clearly see the small blond haired child running across pristine arctic snow, his silvery, wolfish companion barrelling along beside him. It was a joyful image, yet the feeling that accompanied it somehow wasn't, and Lucien's face told her that his memories weren't happy ones either.

She touched his cheek and tilted her head up to his, and he unreservedly accepted the distraction. His tongue slipped into her mouth and kicked up the heat from tender to crazy hot; hungry, open mouthed kisses as his arms locked vice-like around her frame and held her captive. Sophie could feel the swell of him hardening.

"Let me fuck you now?" His fingers moved between her legs, stroking her through thin silk. "Let me fuck you now."

Sophie could hear the need in his voice as much as the want, and it melted her more than ever. She stood and stepped quickly out of her underwear. As he did the same she paused for a second's thought, then added an extra cushion to the seat for height, before sitting down on the deep armchair and spreading her thighs.

"Sit here." She patted the velvet seat-pad between her legs, and he looked quizzical for a moment. "Please?"

Lucien didn't question her, and she was grateful. She wanted to give back to him, to soothe him, to take back her question that had raised unwelcome memories.

He settled back against her with a sigh. The additional cushion had raised her bottom enough for the line of her shoulders to be higher than his, and he massaged her ankles when she wrapped her legs around him.

Sophie revelled in the width of his chest, letting her fingers linger on the tightness of his nipple until he sighed, caught somewhere between relaxed and turned on as he rested his head back against her shoulder.

"Feels good, princess," he murmured, his hips already rocking a little in anticipation of her hands moving lower.

Sophie touched her mouth to his ear. "Maybe this is my sexual fantasy," she said, letting her hands enjoy him. "A Viking sex god at my disposal."

"Would you like me to dress in fur and drag you by the hair?" he murmured, and Sophie kissed the corner of the lazy smile that touched his lips. The idea wasn't anywhere near as much of a turn off as it probably should have been.

She shifted a little to one side of him to give herself easier access to his cock with one hand, brushing her fingers along his thigh, making him wait.

"Show me how you like it," she whispered finally, her teeth on his neck as she curved her hand around his erection. "Show me."

He groaned with appreciation, a guttural sound low in his throat as his hand closed over hers on his shaft and started to move.

"Like this?" she asked, not that she needed to. His pleasure was clear from his shallow breathing and his chewed lip.

His grip was firm around hers, firmer than she might have been singlehandedly, and all the more erotic for it. She watched his face; the low frown of concentration over his closed eyes, the way his lips parted as his hand pumped hers, steady strokes, finding his rhythm. His chest rose and fell sharply, the staccato drumbeat of his heart clear beneath her palm.

"Lucien..." she breathed his name, encouragement to take what he needed. He was close; his shallow gasps of pleasure and tight, jerky hand motions told her so.

His cock glistened between their sliding hands, impossibly rigid and straining.

"Fuck, Sophie...Sophie..." Lucien gasped. "Don't stop..."

He let his hand fall away, trusting her to finish what they'd started.

Over the last few months Lucien had given Sophie so many erotic memories, but this one, holding him completely surrendered in her arms, topped them all. He yelled out her name as he came in strong, frantic bursts, his body juddering with pleasure, his face a study of almost pained effort. Watching him come undone was so deeply intimate, and every jerk of his body slammed him back between her spread legs. She was open and unbelievably aroused when he turned his face to hers.

"I guess I won the game," he said, a little hoarsely, moving in to kiss her lips, making a slow and thorough exploration of her mouth. Sophie's fingers moved in the slickness on his abdomen.

"I don't know. It was a pretty good result for me too," she said.

"Hmm." Lucien moved a little to slide his arm behind him into the warm space between their bodies. His sure fingers sought her clitoris as his tongue licked over hers, concentrated little flicks on her already fevered flesh. Sophie's body burned for him, still wrapped around his torso as he slipped two fingers inside her.

"So fucking sexy..." he whispered. "Here, Sophie?" He massaged in fast little circles.

Sophie opened her legs even wider and dropped her forehead against his shoulder blade. Yes, there. Yes, more. Yes, always. The familiar, unstoppable tingle of her orgasm started beneath his fingers, making her gasp and rub herself against him.

"I've got you, princess. I've got you."

<br/>

He didn't want to go back to being Mr. Knight, Sophie's boss. He wanted her to keep calling him by his first name, and to keep kissing him, and to keep letting him bury himself inside her.

He rolled his shoulders, the memory of Sophie's hands on his cock as he washed his body. Christ, just thinking about her had him hard. How could someone so delicate and soft hold him as completely as she had on that armchair? Cradled in her warm smooth limbs, Lucien had found something he had no name for. Plenty of women had got him off in the past with their pretty mouths and experienced fingers. But with Sophie... it wasn't just physical.

They were colleagues, but this wasn't professional compatibility.

They were friends, of sorts, but this wasn't just friendship.

She'd had him on the ropes out there earlier. Her hand under his, her pleasure drawn from his pleasure, giving without taking back. She was good, and generous, and wholesome. And she confused the hell out of him. Since when had he been attracted to wholesome?

Theirs was a closeness that went way beyond physical proximity.

She was under his skin.

Moving closer to his heart.

He just didn't know it yet, because no one else had ever found the pathway in before.

Lucien eased the Aston Martin to a stop outside Sophie's small house and turned off the engine so as not to wake the neighbours.

Their final day in Paris had been mercifully busy with meetings, calls and negotiations, facilitated by Sophie, who proved her worth anew as a resourceful PA as they raced to meet deadlines and finalise paperwork. Even their flight home had been dominated by the presence of the Carmichaels who were bound for meetings in London.

Finally still and alone in the car, they'd lapsed into pensive silence. Sophie broke it first, staring fixedly out of the window at her own front door.

"So what happens now?"

Her expression was as heavy as the clouds outside. Lucien didn't need her to elaborate on her question, because he'd been expecting it.

"We carry on as usual."

She paused for a beat. "You mean 'what happens in Paris stays in Paris', and all that?"

No. He'd dropped her here on this doorstep after their trip to Norway and let her walk away. He wasn't doing that again.

"It's not where we are in the world that matters, Sophie. We've had sex in London too, remember? In my club. In my house." He glanced towards Sophie's home. "In yours too, if you want."

She shook her head, her face turned away from him. Look at me.

"I'm not done with you yet," he said. "There's a whole lot more still out there for us, if we want it. Are you done with me?"

Still she didn't speak, and still she didn't look at him. He wasn't sure he wasn't screwing this up, or if the words coming out of his mouth reflected the thoughts going on inside his head, but the truth was that he didn't have any better words. He had nothing to offer Sophie in terms of promises or commitment, and there weren't cutesy tags to apply to this thing happening between them.

Friends with benefits? The euphemism made his lip curl.

They were lovers, except without the love.

It was about sex. Amazing, fantastic, not-ready-to-walk-away-from-it-yet sex. A coming together. Quite literally.

"Just come to work on Monday, Sophie. No running, okay?'

Finally, she looked at him, her big blue eyes shadowed by the lateness of the hour.

"I'll be there."

Relief flooded his body when she reached out her hand and placed it on his chest.

He covered it briefly with his own, and then drew her into him.

Sophie's lips opened for his, an invitation to linger, and to savour. Lucien sighed with pleasure as he moulded her curves to his body, as far as possible in the confined space of the car.

"Are you sure you don't want me to come in?" he muttered against her mouth. She tasted delicious, and he wanted to keep her in his mouth and his hands. Every time he touched her she did this, made him crave more of the feeling that her nearness gave him.

She eased her head back from his. "Not tonight, okay?"

He sighed and pushed a hand through his hair as frustration spiked him. Then he laughed softly and shook his head. Sophie fucking Black. She had him acting like an over-eager teen dropping his date home from the prom.

"You've got the count of three to get out of my car. Any more, and I'll have you on your front lawn."

"That would give the neighbours something to talk about." The lightness of Sophie's tone was reassuring. She'd be there on Monday, and that was enough for now.

"One," he growled.

A flicker of amusement kinked her lips, and a second later she leaned in and kissed him briefly, lingering just enough for her tongue to touch his.

"Goodnight, Lucien."

He swallowed hard. "Two."

Sophie reached out and stroked a hand down his face. "Thank you for Paris. I loved it."

He ought to say 'three' and wake up her neighbours for her impudence, but the tenderness of her words and her hands wiped the word from his lips. He pressed a kiss against her palm.

"Goodnight princess."

He watched her in, and shook his head as she turned on the doorstep and blew him a kiss.

"Three," he murmured to himself, regretfully, then turned the engine over.

Inside the house, Sophie leaned against the door and listened to the sound of Lucien leaving, belatedly realising that she'd left her case in the back of the Aston.

She placed her fingers against her lips, closing her eyes and smiling as she remembered his kiss there.

Beyond tired now that she was alone, Sophie checked the answerphone more out of habit than necessity. No flashing red light. No messages. Dan was moving on, just as she was.

She locked the door and contemplated a late night cup of tea, but the lure of bed won over. She couldn't have asked Lucien in here tonight, and not just because this was her marital home. He'd exhausted her. She needed to sleep.

Unbuttoning her blouse as she moved upstairs, she paused by the bathroom door and tried to work up the energy to shower as she stepped out of her clothes. It was no good. She was dead on her feet, and her comfortable duvet was too close to resist. She didn't need lights to guide her in the familiar bedroom, and sank between the sheets with a bone weary sigh.

Then she froze.

There was a man in her bed.

Chapter Twenty-Two

He reached for her naked body, and for the briefest of disorientated seconds, Sophie wondered how Lucien could suddenly be here in her bed.

But the chest under her hands was a little less broad, and the hands skimming down her back a little smoother. Achingly familiar, and yet all very, very wrong.

"Hey Soph."

She sat up, hauling the quilt over her body as she slammed the lamp on.

"What the hell are you doing here?"

Dan sat up too, facing her in what had been their bed. He'd obviously been asleep; his hair had that messed up way about it that she used to find endearing. Looking at him now with fresh eyes, Sophie saw less perfection than she used to see. But then she was measuring him up against an unfair opponent in Lucien. There weren't many men who would come off better in that particular comparison.

"I've come home."

"What?" She screwed her eyes up and scrubbed at them. Was she hallucinating with tiredness? Was she asleep and dreaming?

"I didn't think this was home to you anymore," she managed.

He looked reproachful. "I never wanted to leave in the first place. I left because you told me to."

"It was your doing. You wanted me at home and Maria away. How inconvenient for you that I found out." She couldn't suppress the shake in her voice, whether from hurt or anger or surprise.

"Yeah, well you're hardly snow white in all this, are you?" Dan's tone was defensive.

Sophie sighed heavily and reached for her robe off the end of the bed. She didn't have the stomach or the heart for this fight. Dan was right, in part. Her affair with Lucien - yes, there was no gilding it, it was an affair - could not be explained away or justified by his infidelity.

"I'm going to the bathroom. I want you gone when I get back."

"Sophie. You're not listening. I've left Maria. It's you I want."

Dan got out of bed to follow her as she crossed to the door. Unabashed by his own nakedness, he stood in front of her to make his case.

"Living with her was awful. Everything was wrong." He stepped closer, and Sophie found her eyes moving over his body. The football injury scar on his left hip she'd kissed more times than she could count. The pinkness of his nipples. Lucien's were brown.

"She smells wrong. She feels wrong. She's just not you, Soph." He reached out for her hand to pull her close, his voice choked with emotion. "I miss you so much."

He was saying all the right words, and he sounded as if he genuinely meant them.

"I don't care about that bloke. I know you did it to get at me. I don't even blame you."

Did she do it to get back at him? Not consciously, if at all. Truth was, Lucien would have been hard to resist under any circumstances.

"You don't blame me?" She narrowed her eyes at him. "I'm sorry Dan, but I can't say the same. You've been with Maria for years."

"It's over, I promise you. I've told her I still love you."

"I see." Sophie surveyed him. "And I'm supposed to take you back with open arms?"

He looked down at her hand in his and tried to tug her closer, but she stepped back.

"Don't." She pulled her hand free of his. "You can't do this Dan. You can't just waltz back in here, get into my bed, and expect me to forgive you."

"I know that. I know that." He scrubbed a hand over the black stubble on his chin. "I know that, Sophie." He looked utterly dejected, and his nakedness rendered him vulnerable. "Please let me stay. For tonight, at least?"

Sophie' shoulders sagged in resignation. It was late, and it was cold out there. "One night, Dan." She stepped aside. "Not in here though. In the spare room."

Dan lay between the cold sheets of the guest bed and stared at the ceiling.

It wasn't exactly the homecoming he'd hoped for, but it was early days.

Sophie would take him back. She still loved him, he could tell. He still loved her. It would take time, but she'd come around.

He thumped the pillow as he turned over, acutely aware of Sophie so close by in the next room, wishing he could go and take his place in bed beside her where he belonged.

Maybe not tonight, and probably not tomorrow night either. But some day soon, and for the rest of their lives.

On the other side of the wall, Sophie lay equally wakeful and restless.

Dan was back. Here, in her house, in their house. Their home. There was a question mark unspoken. She ran a hand out across the other side of the bed, but the cool sheet no longer held the imprint of his body heat.

She drew her arm back into the warmth of her own side and sighed heavily.

He was home. Was this still his home? His name was still on the mortgage, and his belongings still lingered in the rooms. Did he feel justified in his presence here?

He'd seemed pretty at home just now, given the fact that he'd stripped naked, climbed into bed and then fallen asleep as if nothing had happened.

She closed her eyes, but sleep was a long time coming. Something had happened. It couldn't just be put aside.

Some miles away, Lucien threw a log on the glowing fire and sat back down, a glass of deep amber malt whisky in his hand.

He was worried. The sensation was unfamiliar and he didn't like it.

It worried him that Sophie might get the wrong idea, and that he would ultimately end up hurting her.

And he worried that left to her own devices, she might over-complicate things in her head and not come into work on Monday.

But most of all, it worried him that he missed her like crazy.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Sophie woke up with a start. There was someone downstairs, she could hear them. Squinting her eyes at the alarm clock in the bright morning light, several things came back to her at once. She wasn't with Lucien now. She'd barely slept, even though it was after nine in the morning.

And Dan was here.

She flopped back on the pillow and blew out a heavy sigh. She could hear him moving around in the kitchen downstairs; the familiar sounds of the kettle and the radio, the boiler firing when he turned on the hot tap.

What the hell was she going to do?

Dan coming home was the last thing she'd expected. She had begun to accept at last that he had moved on, that he was with Maria. She'd put so much energy into resenting him, and she still resented him now that he was back. He couldn't stay here. She needed a shower, and then she needed to go and throw her husband out of the house for the second time.

"I made your favourite," Dan said when Sophie walked into the kitchen a little while later, dressed in jeans and wearing a touch of makeup as armour. He slid a pile of waffles and bacon on the table, twirled maple syrup over it with a theatrical flourish, then looked up with an expression of hopeful expectancy on his face.

It wasn't her favourite, actually. It was his favourite and she'd made it often to please him, but she didn't bother to correct him.

So she nodded, and took her seat at the table. And it was her seat. Dan sat nearest the window, she sat nearest the door. They took their customary positions as if the intervening months and indiscretions hadn't happened.

"Coffee?" Dan plunged the cafetiere.

"Thanks." She held out her cup.

In fact the idea of food turned Sophie's stomach, but coffee might help wake her up enough to decide how to play things.

Dan poured for them both, the model husband trying to make good for his misdemeanours. It would take an ocean of coffee to atone for his behaviour, and she could only manage the tightest of smiles as she accepted the milk from him.

She watched him fill his plate, then served herself a little food, feeling duty bound, and picked up her knife and fork.

As she glanced up at Dan forking food into his mouth, a rush of venom flooded her. What was he doing? And what the hell was she doing?

She laid her cutlery down, her breakfast untouched.

He caught her eye as he picked up his cup.

"I know this is difficult, Soph."

"Do you really?" Sophie reached for her coffee and tried to steady her shaky voice. "Only you seem to be acting as if this is any other weekend."

She sipped her scalding coffee, glad to have punctured the pretense of cordiality. "What are we doing, Dan? What are you doing here?"

"Having breakfast with my wife?"

"Whereas last week you had it with your lover." Sophie watched Dan's expression change from hopefully chipper to guarded and defensive. He laid his fork down carefully and regarded her levelly.

"Yes I did. And every moment I was wishing I was with you." He rubbed a hand over his brow. "I fucked up big time, Soph. I admit it."

She looked at him skeptically. "Three years is quite a long time Dan. And now you realise you've fucked up. Three years, Dan. More, for all I know." Sophie stared at him. "So that means you were with her when we were in Menorca. And when we were in Crete the summer before. Did you miss her?" She battled to keep her voice level. "What did you do? Sneak off and call her when I was in the shower?"

"Sophie, no..." Dan looked and sounded defeated. "How many times can I say I'm sorry?"

She laughed bitterly. "You're sorry for the affair, or you're sorry you got caught?"

"I don't know what to say to you to make this better," Dan said quietly.

"You can tell me why." Even as the statement left her lips, Sophie feared his answer. Lucien had once gone to great lengths to enlighten her on his view of how men's brains worked, spelling out that Dan had chosen to have an affair entirely of his own volition, not because of any failing on her part. But now, here in this small kitchen, crows of self-doubt flew close around her head.

Dan shook his head, his gaze fixed on the table. "I wish I knew," he said at last.

No way. No way was that enough.

"That's it? No explanation, no big reason?"

Dan shrugged, and huffed out in exasperation. "What do you want me to say, Soph?" Frustration made him brusque. "That she was exciting? That I fancied her? That she was good in bed? Yes, all right, it was all of those things to begin with."

His words hit home hard, both because she didn't want him to have felt those things for someone else, and because she felt those things for someone else.

"It wasn't your fault. You didn't do anything wrong." Dan's voice cracked. "Maria was... up for it." He shrugged one shoulder, desolation all over his face. "I was flattered, I guess."

His honesty damped Sophie's anger, but cut her heart wide open.

"You were the love of my life, Dan."

"You're still the love of mine."

They stared at each other, hot-eyed across the kitchen table. They'd laughed together at that table, and they'd argued together at that table, but this was the first time they'd cried together there.

Quiet, wordless tears that spoke volumes.

Sophie went back to bed. Her head hurt from lack of sleep, and her heart hurt with the pain of her marriage splitting at the seams. And this time she slept. The deep, dreamless sleep of the exhausted and battle-weary.

Downstairs, Dan cleared away the uneaten breakfast and then lay on the sofa, his eyes on the TV screen but his head full of his earlier conversation with Sophie.

He was sick to the back teeth of feeling guilty. Three guilty, clandestine years of hiding his affair, and now the fall-out, as life with the women he cared for crumbled around him. Just looking at Sophie made him feel like the world's biggest shit, and Maria had been a tearful mess yesterday when he'd finally called time on their relationship. Had she seriously expected him to greet the news of her pregnancy with anything but horror? All it had served to do for him was highlight quite how badly he'd screwed up.

Somewhere in all of this, he'd realised with crystal clarity that he loved his wife, and

that come hell or high water, he was going to fight for his marriage.

If that meant fighting Lucien Knight, he'd do that too.

Chapter Twenty-Four

It was dark by the time Sophie woke. Low level noise downstairs told her that Dan was still here: the TV channel changing mid-way through the opening bars of a familiar theme tune, the clatter of a cup on the coffee table. She wasn't surprised.

In the kitchen, she warmed two bowls of tomato soup, more out of simple survival than hunger. They needed to eat, and they needed to talk.

Dan sat up on the sofa as she passed him the bowl, and they ate in listless silence. He cleared the bowls into the kitchen, and returned a couple of minutes later with a freshly opened bottle of red wine and two glasses.

Sophie watched him from the safety of the armchair, noting the familiar way his body moved, the way his hair stood up at odd angles from lying on it, the pale skin beneath the dark stubble and the smudges around his eyes. He looked like she felt - weary, and badly in need of the wine he'd just poured into the glasses.

"I know you probably won't believe me Soph, but I'm so sorry." He stared into his wine glass. "I'm sorry for all of it. For being a shit husband. For Maria. For hurting you."

Sophie drank deeply, letting his words wash over her. He meant it, she didn't doubt him. She sensed that one way or another, this was going to be one of those conversations that shaped her life.

"I thought I knew you inside out, Dan. I thought we wanted the same thing. This place. Kids, someday." She spoke calmly, softly, while he looked at her, his big brown eyes sorrowful. "You know what I really don't understand? Three years ago, I thought we were blissfully happy. Yet you still... you know... with Maria." Say it. "Slept with her. Went with her." She frowned. "What did I miss? How did I get it so badly wrong?"

Dan shook his head miserably, scrubbing his hand over his stubble.

"Soph, you didn't get anything wrong. I wasn't unhappy, or looking for anyone else. Maria just... we'd had a drink, she... she kissed me, and one thing led to another," he finished in a rush.

Sophie nodded. "And you what, just went along with it for fun? Is that what it was? A bit of fun?" A bitter edge was creeping into her voice.

Dan knocked back most of his glass of wine. "For a while. I don't have any explanations. I was an idiot. I made a mistake."

"And you kept on making that mistake for three years." Careful. Keep it together.

Dan's mouth twisted. "I'm not proud of it."

"But you didn't stop it."

"I've stopped it now," he countered, refilling their glasses. "Soph, I'll sit here and take everything you want to throw at me. I deserve it."

She looked at him, full of fierce frustration. "All of my big dreams about life revolved around you. Being your wife. Having your babies."

"We can still do that." Dan moved from his perch on the sofa to kneel in front of her, his hands over hers in her lap, naked pain in his eyes. "We can still do that, can't we?"

Sophie had looked into those eyes for so many years. When he'd proposed, on his knees in a windswept park on her birthday. At the altar on their wedding day. And now, here, as he knelt before her and begged her forgiveness.

"I love you, Soph." He dropped his head and kissed her knuckles, inhaling deeply, his fingers tight around hers. "I've always loved you."

Sophie's determination not to cry dissolved. Dan. Her husband. The man she'd wanted to love forever. She cried for him, and for their lost love, and for the family they might have been. He moved up on to his knees and held her close, murmuring apologies over and over against her hair, words of love and remorse.

Sophie breathed him in, the scent of his familiar body. His warm arms around her, an embrace she'd found so much comfort in over the years. His cheek was against hers, and then he turned his head and brushed her lips slowly with his own.

Heightened emotion charged his kiss with a million volts, and for a few seconds, Sophie melted into him. Dan groaned and pulled her closer, sliding his hands down her back as he tried to deepen the kiss. His tongue slid against her teeth, and Sophie jolted at the intimacy, pulling her head back.

He'd lost her loyalty and he'd lost her love. Kissing him felt like a betrayal. His mouth stilled, and his eyes opened slowly.

"Too soon," he murmured. "I know, I'm sorry."

Sophie pushed gently against his chest to distance him, sliding further back into her chair. "It's not that." She pressed her fingers against her lips, acknowledging the emerging truth within herself. "It's not that."

Dan dropped back on his haunches, his arms working their way to folded over his chest as he watched her.

"Is it him?" he asked eventually, in a small, carefully neutral voice.

However much Dan had hurt her, Sophie drew no pleasure from hurting him back. She nodded, a tiny movement, and then lifted one shoulder, trying to find the right words to explain. "Yes. But it's other things too." She paused. "I've changed, Dan. My whole life has changed so much, and..." she stopped, aware that her next words were the final death knell for her marriage. "And I don't want it to change back."

Dan's anguished eyes scanned her face. "I really fucked this up, didn't I?"

Sophie dropped her head into her hands as he stood up, and she stayed there for quite some time. She heard him hesitate for long moments at the living room door before turning away, his slow steps carrying him out of the house, the door closing behind him with a desolate snap.

In the small hours of the morning, Sophie turned over in bed into the circle of two welcoming arms, the warmth of his naked body against hers rousing her slowly from sleep. Or was she dreaming? Were the gentle lips caressing her nipple real, or the hands moving slowly over her body imagined? As he eased his thigh between hers and covered her body carefully with the weight of his own, Sophie sighed deeply, saturated in him. She opened her thighs and beckoned him in. Come to me. Come with me. Come in me. He dipped his head and kissed her, a slow tangle of tongues as he rocked his length all the way into her body, the ultimate, delicious intimacy as his hips connected with hers.

He filled her body and her mind, and as he started to move slowly inside her, unexpected, jumbled emotions squeezed her heart hard through the fog of sleep. Raw and achingly sexy, he made love to her head as well as her body. He made her see stars, and he made her beautiful. Sophie wrapped herself around him, a clamshell on a boulder as his slow grind engulfed her, his hands in her hair, his tongue in her mouth, his body on hers, in hers. He overwhelmed her. It was the kind of sex that husbands should have with their wives, and here in her marital bed, Sophie came apart beneath the man she loved.

Lucien dressed silently, his eyes on the sleeping girl who'd just told him that she loved him. He'd come to her because he couldn't face another night without her, and she'd accepted him into her bed and her arms without question. He didn't understand the emotions that pulled him inextricably towards Sophie, or why being near her eased him, or least of all why hearing her breathe those three little words in his ear had been enough to make him lose it so unexpectedly and come hard and deep inside her.

Sophie stretched her arms over her head, still only half awake and blissful without even remembering why.

Disjointed memories jostled to fit themselves back together. Dan had been here, but he wasn't the reason for the sweet ache in her body. She'd gone to bed alone, her mind spinning with anxiety and the best part of a bottle of wine. She had been sure she wouldn't sleep, but she must have, because she'd dreamed of Lucien.

He'd been here... he'd touched her there. Sophie's fingers moved over her breasts, and lower to the warm spot between her thighs, still tender from holding him inside her.

Lucien. He'd come to her. She was as sure of it as she was sure she was alone now. No dream could be so vivid, no sensation so intense unless it were real. Could it?

As she turned her face towards the alarm clock, her eyes settled on the key he'd left beside it. Her own front door key. Kara's key.

Lucien had been here, and he'd loved her better when she really needed it, and then he'd melted away again.

Only he'd gone too soon.

She still needed him.

Chapter Twenty-Five

Lucien looked up as Sophie came into the office on Monday morning and was hit square in the solar plexus by an irresistible urge to start the new week by locking the door behind her and dragging her down onto the sofa. She'd wound her hair neatly away from her face, and as she hung her cherry red coat on the hook, he took the chance to run his hungry eyes over her dark grey dress. How could a simple dress become as sexy as lingerie just because it was wrapped around Sophie's curves? And he couldn't be certain, but was that the telltale bump of a suspender clip through the soft fabric? His eyes skimmed the flare of her hip and the roundness of her breasts as she turned to him, every man's dream secretary.

"Good morning, Mr.Knight."

This self-possessed creature was a world away from the soft, vulnerable woman he'd held in his arms on Saturday evening. It was as if it hadn't happened. She passed behind him as he inclined his head, and her scent had him closing his eyes as she disappeared into her own office.

Fuck. This was impossible.

He'd turned her words over and over in his mind since he'd left her sleeping.

She'd said she loved him. Had she even realised that she'd said it, or who she was saying it to? They'd been in her bed, and God knows she'd been drifting half way to sleep. She hadn't said his name. Had she assumed he was her bastard of a husband?

The idea had made him hurl his brandy glass at the wall in frustration late last night. But then the thought that she'd known perfectly well who she was talking to came with a set of problems all of its own. She couldn't love him. He'd made it perfectly clear all the way through. She couldn't love him. He'd put his cards on the table early. She couldn't love him.

He threw his pen down and stalked into her office.

Sophie deliberately didn't react straight away when Lucien came in. She had her back to him as she stood at the filing cabinet, which she rolled slowly closed before turning to find him sitting in the chair opposite hers at her desk. He looked pent up, unusually edgy. As well he might, fresh from sneaking into women's bedrooms in the dead of night.

She approached the desk, and found herself perching on the edge of it next to him rather than taking her own seat.

"Good weekend?" she asked, running the tip of her tongue over her lips.

He swallowed noticeably then nodded, a small tight movement that involved the lightest lift of his eyebrows.

She had no clue what she was doing, apart from trying to draw a reaction from him.

She'd spent yesterday thinking about him, trying to hold onto the memory of every blissful second of his late night visit to her bed. He'd been so different. So close. So loving. But she knew him well enough by now though to understand that he'd compromised himself, broken his own emotional rules. She also knew him well enough to appreciate that he'd be beating himself up for it.

Letting his guard down wasn't something Lucien did, but wow, the intensity of stealing behind those barriers with him for a little while had burned itself on her heart.

She wanted to get in there again.

"Is there anything special you'd like me to do today, Mr. Knight?"

Lucien's eyes flickered to her legs as she crossed them, knowing full well that he'd get a glimpse of her stocking top. She'd dressed for him this morning, her body and mind aglow with the knowledge that she was going to see him again.

"Sophie..."

"Oh, hang on a sec." She leaned back across her desk for her pen, a slow, full stretch that inched the hem of her skirt higher and pulled her dress taut over her breasts.

Lucien cleared his throat. When she glanced back at him he was no longer defensive, resistant, at her mercy. His eyes had regained the unmistakable look of the predator, and she knew she had him where she wanted him.

He reached out and slid her along the desk until she was in front of him. "About the other night, Sophie." He sighed heavily, longingly, and eased her skirt up her thighs until he was satisfied with his view of her suspenders.

She popped a button on his shirt open, letting her fingers linger on the hollow at the base of his throat. "I thought I'd dreamt you."

He parted her knees and smoothed his hands up to her thighs, stroking his thumbs over the clips on her stockings.

"I shouldn't have come." He flicked them both open at once and rolled his chair closer between her legs.

"I'm glad you did," Sophie said softly, watching his hands stroke over the top of her stockings. "You were very, very sexy."

He pushed her skirt up until he could see her knickers. "You're very, very sexy right now." He stroked the satin barrier that covered her sex, watching her eyes. "Do you remember everything?"

At that precise moment, Sophie was struggling to remember her own name.

"I think so..." His finger teased along the edge of the material and she silently begged him to slide it underneath. "You were pretty unforgettable."

Lucien stood up and pulled her close, his hand hot between her legs.

"You said something to me." He pushed his fingers inside her knickers, making her gasp.

"I know." She worked another button open on his shirt and dipped her head to kiss the skin she'd exposed.

"Don't say it again," he murmured against her ear, drawing spirals on her clitoris with his fingertip. "Because I won't say it back."

Sophie lifted her mouth from the jumping pulse in his neck, her fingers on his belt. "I know that too."

He kissed her then as she freed his cock into her waiting hands, one hand behind her head, the other moving her underwear aside to make way for him.

Sophie opened her eyes and found his open too, storm blue and full of things he'd never say. He thrust forwards into her, swift and urgent, clamping her against him. His gaze never wavered, connecting with her as much with his eyes as his body.

He filled her. He filled her body with his, deeper with every push, and he filled her ears with his low, shallow breaths. He was going to come soon; this wasn't slow and prolonged sex. It was urgent and beautiful fucking.

She tensed and tipped her head back as her own orgasm hit, and Lucien dragged her into him as his hips jerked.

"I don't love you," he ground out, biting her lip.

Sophie wound her arms around his neck, her fingers in his hair as she kissed him gently. "I don't love you either," she whispered, holding him close and rocking the last ebbs of pleasure out of him. "I don't love you either."

Chapter Twenty-Six

Sophie had a problem.

Lucien Knight wasn't just her rebound guy.

He wasn't just the man who'd made her feel beautiful and desired when she needed it most.

He wasn't just her screwed up, sensational lover.

She was in big, big trouble, because she'd fallen head over heels in love with the one man who'd expressly told her not to.

Lucien had a problem.

He was in over his head with Sophie Black.

Every morning he told himself he wasn't going to screw her anymore, and then she walked into his office and his only thought was when and how soon could he get close to her again. On her desk. Under his desk. In his car. He'd had her everywhere over the last few weeks, and still he wanted more, more, more.

He had to end this thing. He didn't know how to do it, or how to go back to life without Sophie in it, but he needed to find the way, and fast, because she was soft, and vulnerable, and he sensed that this had gone beyond just physical for her now.

Trouble was, he craved her body in a way that made him selfish and unreasonable, and the only thing that eased the hunger was being inside her... but even that wasn't enough. He wanted her body, but he wanted a whole lot more, too. He wanted to hear her voice. He wanted to make her laugh. He wanted to demand she go home with him after work every day, and every morning he woke up hard with the anticipation of seeing her.

She was driving him crazy, and something had to give before he did or said something stupid.

He'd made her no promises and he'd told her no lies, yet he still didn't trust himself not to hurt her even more than her revolting husband had, and that was just about the worst feeling in the world. He needed to protect her, and the only way he could see to do that was by breaking his physical addiction.

He reached for his phone and scrolled down the names until he reached Tamara's.

Chapter Twenty- Seven

Sophie closed the file she'd been reading and looked up at her computer screen as the instant message window popped up.

'I'm leaving early this evening.'

She frowned at the monitor. Why hadn't he just stuck his head around the door to tell her that?

'Hot date?' she typed back, a smile on her lips.

She heard his fingers moving on his keyboard.

'Something like that.'

Her fingers stilled as more words appeared.

'An old friend.'

'Girlfriend?' She asked the question even though she knew she shouldn't.

The pause waiting for his response stretched on.

'Yes.'

His reply winded her, and she couldn't look up straight away when he stepped half inside the doorway and leaned on it a few seconds later.

"It's just dinner."

She tried to read more from his expression, but there was nothing there. He was a closed book.

She nodded, clearing her throat as she tried to smile to disguise how hurt she was.

She had no claim on him or his time, but the idea of him sharing dinner, or anything else, with another woman cut deep.

"Well... have a good evening."

His eyes scanned her face, and for a second he seemed as if he was going to say something more. He didn't though, and he left a couple of minutes later without coming back through to say goodnight.

If Sophie had hoped to find a message or note on his desk when she left a little while later, she was disappointed. It was swept clean of any traces of the day, much as Lucien seemed able to sweep any traces of Sophie out of his mind.

Was it as simple as that? Had he finally grown bored of sex with her, as he'd assured her all along that he would?

The idea filled her with cold dread. Had she really got him so wrong?

She sank down onto his chair, her coat buttoned up but her legs suddenly too weary to carry her home.

His desk was cool beneath her cheek when she laid her head down on it, too exhausted even to cry.

"Coffee?" Tamara asked, much later that evening.

Lucien nodded and followed her out of the Aston and up the steps to her front door.

It was freezing outside, but incredibly warm inside Tamara's tasteful lounge. He shrugged out of his jacket and sat at one end of the sofa. Tamara appeared a few moments later holding a brandy bottle rather than coffee cups.

"Plan B," she smiled, her dark hair in sophisticated waves over one shapely shoulder as she sat down next to him. He took the bottle from her fingers and reached for her waist instead.

She took her cue, sliding closer and winding her arms around him.

"It's good to see you, Lucien," she said. "It's been too long." She angled her head up to invite his kiss.

She was a beautiful woman, and he was a red-blooded man. He kissed her, noticing the synthetic taste of her lipstick and the heavy scent of her perfume. Desperation to feel more turned on had him probing her mouth hard and heavily, and Tamara reached for the side zip on her dress. She stood and let it fall, leaving her naked apart from a g-string and a small, suggestive smile.

"For you," she whispered, her hands lightly splayed at her sides to indicate that it was his move.

Her lean, athletic body could've graced any number of magazine covers, but as Lucien stood and drew her against him, he didn't feel any of the things he was supposed to feel. He wanted to want her. He wanted her small, pert breasts to feel good in his hands, and for the way her nipples hardened when he touched them to turn him on.

When she pulled his shirt out of his trousers, he sighed heavily and set her away from him gently.

"Stop."

She laughed and reached out to draw him back in, but he stepped away again more firmly this time.

"Tammy, stop." Lucien picked her dress up and handed it to her, feeling like a heel when she held it against her breasts to cover herself.

Her perfectly made up brown eyes surveyed him, cool and assessing.

"What's going on here, Lucien? You haven't called in months, and now you're here... and this?"

He swiped the back of his hand over his mouth. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have called you." He kissed her cheek, wishing he was somewhere else. "Sorry."

Tamara shrugged delicately. "I think we'd better call it a night."

Lucien left her there, rumpled but unravished. He wasn't accustomed to feeling guilty. The sensation made his skin crawl with distaste, and served only to strengthen his conviction that he absolutely must end this thing with Sophie right now, before it went any further.

After another sleepless night, Sophie found herself at her desk earlier than usual. It was just as well. It'd save her from needing to make banal, bright small talk as she passed by Lucien's desk when she was as mad as hell with him. Whatever there was between them, it deserved better than a cowardly brush off. She deserved better than this.

He'd hurt her, and she hadn't expected it of him.

Her body tensed at the sound of his door opening, his footfalls as he moved around setting himself up for the morning. She always made him coffee.

God, this was hard. Where was the line between employer and lover?

She was still his PA, even if someone else had replaced her in the other role.

And so she made him coffee.

He looked distinctly ill tempered when she took it through and placed it on his desk, and his thanks were muttered without looking up. His fingers hit the keys of his keyboard with unnecessary force, stabbing out emails.

So that was how it was going to be.

Not only was she unwelcome in his bed, but she was unwelcome anywhere near him.

Wow. When he turned off the spotlight of his charm and humour, being around him was suddenly a cold and very dark place.

Bitter resentment rushed through her body and her resolve hardened to armour. If the last few months had taught her anything, it was that she was no little mouse, and that loving someone who doesn't love you back was no way to spend your life.

Lucien had taught her how to live without Dan, and in doing that, he'd surely taught her that she could live without him too.

She just hadn't expected to need to re-use the lesson so soon.

Sophie sat slowly down at her desk, her glare fixed on the doorway to Lucien's office.

Do your worst, Lucien Knight. I'm ready for you.

<br/>

She wanted his time, and his attention, and his love. Two out of three were relatively easy, but love seemed impossible. He'd expunged the word from his vocabulary. He didn't like to say it, and hearing it made him flinch. But she wanted to say it, and she wanted him to hear it; to know he was loved, even though she knew that the likelihood was that he'd react badly.

Coffees in hand, she changed her mind and led him through to the living room. She couldn't face another summit at that kitchen table.

Lucien followed and sat down at one end of the sofa. She took the other.

"Lucien..."

"I want you to stop working for me."

Wow. His unexpected, quietly spoken statement hit her head on.

"But I don't want to stop working for you," she said rapidly, unable to keep the panic out of her voice.

He placed his untouched coffee down on the table and turned back to her.

"Sophie... it's run its course. This thing going on between us has to stop, and it won't stop if we still see each other every day. I can't work with you without wanting to fuck you."

"Are you firing me?"

Lucien pushed his palms into his eye sockets. "What else am I supposed to do?"

"Carry on as we are?" All thoughts of declaring love now paled into insignificance by comparison to the urgent need merely to hold on to what they already had.

He shook his head. "It won't work."

Sophie moved closer to him, afraid to touch him. "Don't do this."

He turned his head towards her, and the look of pure desolation in his storm blue eyes hurt her heart.

"I mean it, Sophie. Don't come into work tomorrow. Or the next day, or the one after that. I'll write you an amazing reference. I'll pay you until you start somewhere else. It doesn't matter if it's weeks or months. Just don't come in."

Every word of his speech landed like a razor blade slicing her flesh, and anger and frustration battled for space in her head. He didn't mean it. His eyes and his body and his kiss told her that he didn't want her out of his life, yet his stubborn head wouldn't let his feelings get a look in.

There was only one way Sophie knew to cut through all of his crap.

She stood up and unbuttoned her blouse.

"Don't do that," he breathed, as she peeled it from her body and dropped it one the floor. He'd taught her many lessons, including how to embrace her own beauty, and in that moment she turned the tables on him. Pupil to teacher. As he'd taught her how to be a confident lover, now it was her turn to teach him how to have the confidence to love.

He dropped his head into his hands when she let her skirt fall to the floor beside her blouse.

In just whispers of dove grey lace, she stepped closer to him and stroked his head.

"Look at me, Lucien."

She felt a heavy sigh leave his body before he lifted his head, his eyes dragging slowly up the length of her body. Her fingers smoothed over his hard, proud cheekbone as she waited for his gaze to reach hers.

But it didn't.

His tormented eyes lingered on her breasts as he drew his top lip in between his teeth, and then he moved onto his knees in front of her and buried his face against her abdomen. His arms slid around her hips, holding her captive as she cradled his head to her body, letting her hands smooth and soothe him.

He breathed her in deep, and Sophie ached for him. What the hell was it that held him back? Why did he torment himself like this? She wanted to make it better for him, to find the right words to unlock his heart. But right there and then, just holding him seemed the most important thing.

And so she held him.

Lucien breathed in the scent of Sophie's skin, lost in how good she felt in his hands, and how good she made him feel in hers. Did she have any idea how powerful she was? He knew that he needed to leave, but there was no way he could leave her like this. The soft roundness of her bottom filled his hands, and the silken curve of her stomach warmed his face. He wanted to bury himself in her and never come up for air again.

Eventually, she eased her body back from his just enough to allow space to lower herself to her knees. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. Her brave, unwavering gaze met his as she reached behind her back and unclipped her bra.

He'd seen her naked enough times now to know how she'd look, but watching her offer her sweet, wholesome and utterly fuckable body to him was something he wanted to remember forever.

"You said you wanted it to be me last night," she murmured, and she reached for his hands. "I'm here now." She lifted his hands to her breasts, and closed her eyes when his fingers made contact with her skin.

Christ, he was in trouble. Everything he'd hoped to feel with Tammy last night crowded in, and so much more besides. His cock strained hard against his clothes, but his chest ached too, heavy with need for this woman, a need that was somehow more than physical. It was alien to him, terrifying and yet compelling.

Her rose nipples stiffened beneath his thumbs and her flesh filled his palms. She opened her eyes, and the raw vulnerability there seared him.

Tammy had been bold-eyed last night as she stripped with the expectation of sex. Sophie had none of Tammy's boldness, but she had a lion's heart of courage. He'd just told her that they were through, for Christ sake. She'd risked his rejection when she'd taken her clothes off, and Lucien knew her well enough to know that it wouldn't have come easy. My brave, beautiful princess. All of those thoughts filled his head in an abstract way, but the overriding sensation leading his body and his hands at that moment was white-hot lust.

He could no more walk away now than he could stop breathing.

Sophie's body responded to his caress, her eyelids drifting down, her lips parting a little with the tiniest of moans. It was an invitation Lucien couldn't resist.

He brushed his lips over hers when she whispered his name, once more as he squeezed the softness of her breasts and let his tongue stray between her lips.

"Stay with me tonight," she said, her fingers slow and deliberate on the buttons of his shirt.

He knew he should say no, but the words wouldn't come as her palms slid inside his shirt and eased it back over his shoulders. He wanted to be naked. He wanted her hands on him. Christ, he was losing his mind over this woman.

"One more night, Sophie, and then no more." He needed to say it, and he needed Sophie to hear it, and to accept it. "Tonight, and I will walk away. Do you understand?"

Her lips trembled beneath his, and her slow tears turned their kiss salty, but she nodded. Thank God. Even the temporary reprieve was worth fighting for, somehow representing a tremulous pact that made it okay.

"You'd better make it good then," she half-laughed and half-cried, and he crushed her against him, missing her already.

"Count on me, princess."

Chapter Thirty

It was as if she'd opened the gates to paradise.

Lucien was parched and desperate to drink from her, to fill himself to the brim with the magical elixir that seemed to flow from her soft curves and hidden hollows straight into his bloodstream.

He lowered his head and captured her nipple between his lips, turned on as much by her groan of pleasure as by the feel of the nub in his mouth. He swirled his tongue over her as he let his hands explore her back; the delicate bones of her spine, the way it dipped then flared at the base.

He shrugged out of his shirt as he transferred his attentions to her other nipple, loving the feeling of his skin against her skin again. The sure slide of her hands over his shoulders had him pushing down her lace knickers. There would be time later to take it slow. Right now he was driven by urgent need; the need to embrace her naked body completely, to be overthrown by the mind-blowing sensation that only fucking this woman could give him.

Sophie's shallow moans of anticipation told him that she was of the same mind, as did the way she swayed her body against his as he reached for his belt.

"I love you like this," she murmured when he gathered her to him, and he had to hold back the words that almost left his own lips as he lifted her onto the edge of the sofa and positioned himself between her legs.

He noticed how she held her breath with anticipation as he let the tip of his cock play against her entrance, and how it rushed from her body when he surged his hips forward. She might have groaned, but he didn't hear it over the animalistic sound that left his own throat. Oh, the way Sophie wrapped her legs around his thighs, and Christ, the feel of her hands pulling him in deeper. She'd regained the weight she'd dropped in her weeks of turmoil and distress and felt to Lucien all the more amazing for it; her lush velvet curves were surely designed to make a man lose his head. Fuck. He needed to thrust, and he needed her with him when he came.

Sophie's mouth opened wide under his when he reached a hand behind her head and pulled her into his kiss, and she mouthed his name when he reached his other hand between their bodies and massaged her clitoris as his hips found a furious rhythm. Christ, she was going to come, he could feel her body tensing and it aroused him almost beyond endurance. She clamped him with her legs, her head flung back with pleasure as he slammed himself into her. So sexy. Bang. So fucking, fucking sexy. Bang. Sophie cried out, her finger nails arcing into his skin as she orgasmed around his cock and under his fingers. Her whole body tightened deliciously, wrenching his own climax out of him with a shout of absolute, blissful, excruciating, intense release.

"Mine." The ragged word left his mouth unplanned and uncensored by rational thought as he buried his face in her neck. "Mine."

Sophie heard Lucien's possessive words and they welded themselves to her heart.

Yes, I'm yours. Completely, utterly yours.

How I wish you were mine too.

Chapter Thirty-One

Sophie settled herself against Lucien's chest as they dropped down together onto the sofa. "Do you want some dinner?"

"No." He stroked her hair.

"Coffee?"

"No."

"Cake?"

"Only if I can smear it all over you and then lick it off."

Sophie harboured no delusion that he was joking; she was instantly transported back to Norway, laid out on Lucien's dining table wearing nothing but his dessert.

"I don't want food or drink. This isn't a date."

She sighed heavily. She didn't ask what this was then, because she knew the answer.

This was goodbye. The best, longest, sexiest goodbye kiss ever.

"Come upstairs?" she whispered, and felt his smile against her neck.

"Now that, Sophie Black, is a much more enticing offer."

Sitting snug behind Lucien in the bathtub half an hour later with her legs wrapped around his hips, Sophie scooped up foamy water in her cupped palms and trickled it over his broad shoulders. He massaged her calves as he lounged idly against her, his eyes closed and a small relaxed smile on his lips as the water ran in rivulets down his chest.

"Feels nice?" She murmured it against his cheek, letting her fingers follow the water to stroke his nipples into stiffness.

"Nice." He echoed the lamely inadequate word with a crooked half smile. It was warm and steamy in the bathroom, gilding Lucien's skin with a damp sheen. It was impossible to look at him and not to want to touch him, and Sophie wasn't holding herself back. She wanted to imprint him on her hands and her memory forever. If this was to be her last time with him, then she was entitled to be greedy.

He leaned forward for a second to top up the warm water, and Sophie's eyes rested on the monochrome lone wolf tattoo that lay across his shoulder blades. It was beautifully detailed, a solitary, restless animal with hungry, watchful eyes. Much like the man he resided on.

She curled her arms around him when he settled back down.

"Why the wolf?" she asked.

Lucien didn't answer straight away. Instead, he squeezed soap into his hands and smoothed the resulting lather over her bent knees, massaging her skin in broad circles.

"He reminds me of home."

"But you can't see him."

Every trace of his nostalgic smile had gone, replaced by a faraway melancholy. "I don't need to see him to know he's there."

Sophie felt that she knew so much of Lucien, and yet so little too. There was a great, yawning sadness in him that she sensed but couldn't reach. His relationship with his homeland seemed so complex, a love-hate relationship that she couldn't quite grasp. The few occasions she'd tried to push him for information had ended badly, and she didn't want tonight to go the same way.

Not our last night together.

Besides, Lucien was already keen to move things along. He clearly had plenty of ways in mind to make the most of their evening. He'd asked her to fetch the glass dildo he'd once given her, and right now it lay submerged somewhere beneath the warmth of the water.

He sat up and eased her around and over him so that their positions were reversed, a slippery manoeuvre that he pulled off with aplomb. Sophie found herself cradled against his chest. She wriggled herself comfortable, deliciously aware of his cock against the small of her back.

"One hell of an impressive way to change the subject, Mr. Knight," she said, gratified to hear him laugh under his breath. He reached for the shampoo and tipped a little into his palm rather than reply, then smoothed the apple-scented cream over her hair.

"I love the smell of this stuff." Lucien inhaled deeply as he massaged the shampoo into her skull with slow, rhythmic movements that made Sophie sigh as her eyes closed reflexively. "It smells of you."

She was glad then that that her eyes were closed and glad of the damp, steamy room too, because they disguised the tears that welled up at his words. He had no right to be so damn romantic when he denied that romance even existed outside of fairytales.

No one except Sophie's hairdresser had washed her hair for her since she was six years old. It was an unexpected and distinctly sensual experience having it done for her by Lucien, somewhere between an intimate massage and a loving gesture.

He was unhurried, scooping up all of her hair, making a thorough job of it, spinning it out until she was deeply relaxed under his touch. Then he picked up a glass from a nearby shelf to wash away the lather he'd created, rinse after rinse of cascading warm water and tender hands as she tipped her head back and let him minister to her.

Sophie felt there was a poignant symbolism in his actions, in the gentle way he handled her. Almost as if he wanted to let her know through his careful attentions rather than his words that this evening meant as much to him as it did to her, that this wasn't easy for him either.

She opened her wet eyelashes slowly at the sound of Lucien placing the glass down on the ledge beside the bath. She turned and caught his gaze as he looked at her, and the unguarded emotion in his eyes stopped her breath. And then it was gone, replaced as if it had never been there by raw desire that darkened his air force blue eyes to midnight.

"Thank you," she whispered as he drew her against him. Coils of anticipation unfurled in her belly as his mouth touched hers. She slipped onto her side in his arms, and as his tongue moved into her mouth, his knee slid between hers in the warm water.

Something about the heat of the room and the closeness of their wet, naked bodies heightened the intimate sense of this being the way they should be. Natural. There were no clothes to get in the way, no desks to bend over, or even beds to lie on. They were cradled together in the cocoon of Sophie's tub, and Lucien's hands moved easily over her body as he bit his way slowly across her bottom lip, corner to corner, small nips just the right side of painful as he twisted her wet hair around his hands. His thigh pleasurably pinned her legs apart, although he seemed in no rush to touch her there. He touched her everywhere else instead.

A brief, skilled shoulder massage, a circlet of fingers around her throat, then he moved lower, to her breasts. He drew soapy circles around her areolae with his index finger as he blew lightly over them, cool air that stiffened her nipples before he sucked them inside the sudden, damp heat of his mouth. His fingers twined with hers for a few seconds, and he raised her hand to his face and kissed her palm.

Watching him, Sophie's heart splintered like cinder toffee. Water spiked his closed eyelashes into delicate spiders on his cheekbones, and as his open mouth moved silently against her palm, he looked like a man saying his prayers. Sophie wished she could hear them, and wished that they were the same as her own.

When he reached under the bubbles, she knew what was coming next. The glass of the dildo had taken on the heat of the water; she felt it when he touched it briefly against her mouth, then trailed it down her body, making a slow sweep as he hooked his calf over hers to hold her legs open. Not that he needed to. Sophie wanted Lucien beyond all rhyme and reason, full of insane longing and delight when he at last stroked the warm, bulbous glass over her clitoris. The knowing hint of a smile touched his lips again.

"Feel nice?"

He laid the glass column flat against her flesh, its raised swirls massaging the length of her sex as he twisted it in his fingers.

Nice? Now she understood his mocking repetition earlier. Nice was nowhere near the right word for this sensation of finally being touched where she most needed it, and Lucien knew it full well.

Just as he knew she needed more, and gave it willingly.

He kissed her neck as he slowly pushed the dildo inside her body, its oh so hard, oh so warm solid presence filling her until she moaned with deep, deep satisfaction.

The last time Lucien had used the dildo had been under very different circumstances. Shackled to his bed, he'd plunged the glass phallus into ice and shocked her into orgasm. Tonight he went to the opposite extreme. He held her rather than shackled her, and used the unyielding, warm glass to build steady, sublime sensations that left her breathless.

His other hand roamed over her bottom, his deliberate fingers tracing the sensitive dip between the curves. Sophie didn't stop him. Tonight she was his, and he was hers, and there were no taboos. When his finger pressed gently against the tightness of her rear, she turned her head and kissed him, a silent invitation that he accepted, shifting slightly to give himself more room to touch her. And then he had her filled twice over; the slow glide of glass between her legs, the gentle probe of his finger behind her. Incredible. More than incredible. Sophie fought her orgasm as it started, because she wanted to stay in that one moment forever. Pleasure so exquisite that her entire body thrummed with it, and emotions so expansive and consuming that she didn't know where Lucien ended and she began. Her ecstatic surrender was inevitable when his thumb moved up over her clitoris. As defeats went, it was one hell of a way to go down.

Chapter Thirty-Two

Sophie sat on the sofa cradling the good measure of whisky Lucien had just handed her, even though it was turned two in the morning. She hadn't asked for it, and he hadn't poured himself one. She didn't even know where he'd unearthed the bottle from. It was left over from some distant Christmas, she presumed, not really her sort of drink, but she sipped it anyway, letting the warmth of the liquid fill her throat, giving her something to concentrate on besides Lucien's impending departure. He was dressed again, and she was wrapped in her bathrobe, her hair almost dry after the most memorable hair wash of her life.

She sensed that Lucien didn't know how to leave, and she wasn't ready to make it easy for him. She loved this man beyond all rhyme and reason. Let the neighbours talk, let them hang her out to dry as the scarlet woman. Love didn't respect timescales, and it wouldn't wait around until she'd spent a respectable year or two cast as the spurned wife first. It was here, and it was now, and there wasn't a damn thing either of them could do about it.

"Mine," she said, raising her chin and looking him in the eye. "That's what you called me earlier. Mine."

Sophie saw the way he swallowed hard as he looked away and scrubbed his hand uneasily down the side of his face. "I don't remember."

"Don't do that, Lucien," she chastised him softly. "You don't lie."

He perched on the arm of the chair with a heavy sigh. "Sophie please... don't look for what isn't there."

"But it is there, isn't it? It is for me, and I think it is for you too."

"You're wrong," he said. "I don't do break ups, and I don't do broken hearts. You know this. I told you this. Didn't I?"

Sophie half nodded. Yes, he'd told her very clearly that he didn't want a relationship, but that was back in the beginning. They were different people now. They'd changed each other.

"I don't want to feel this Sophie. Like I've led you on, or like I can't be with anyone else."

"Lucien, you said yourself that you don't want to be with anyone else!"

"Yes, and you have no idea how much that fucks me off. Don't you get it, Sophie? I don't want these feelings, or these cravings." He splayed his hand on his chest. "It's not who I am."

Sophie stared at his bent head. He meant what he said, and it frustrated the hell out of her. Being that emotionally screwed up must be exhausting.

"Let me get this straight, Lucien. You're walking away, and you're pushing me away, because you want me too much? Because you have feelings that you didn't expect?"

She shook her head and knocked back the whisky, letting the alcohol warm her body and loosen her tongue.

"Well guess what? I didn't expect them either. I didn't plan this, but Lucien I'm going to say it..."

He lifted his head, his eyes brooding with danger. "Don't, Sophie."

"I love you." It wasn't how she'd planned to say it, but she was way too far down the line to stop now. She slid the glass onto the table and stood up. "I love you, Lucien Knight."

"No you don't." His voice was as bleak as the shuttered expression in his eyes. "I don't love you, and you don't love me either. You might think you do, but you said it yourself in Paris - I'm your rebound guy."

She half laughed, unexpectedly giddy with the relief of letting all of her pent up emotions out. "I did say that. I did, and I really thought that, but I was wrong. Trust me, the last thing I planned on was loving you. But I do." She was close enough to touch him now, but she didn't. She didn't want to let their physical connection take over when there were still things she needed to say. "You can walk away, and you can deny it, but I think you love me back."

Lucien tipped his head up and lifted his gaze to the ceiling, the slow shake of his head and hard set of his jaw telling Sophie how much he was struggling. It was painful to watch him in his Herculean effort to hold onto his beliefs.

"It's lust Sophie," he said eventually. "And maybe it's infatuation, but it isn't love."

A rush of anger roared through her at his denial of something so intrinsically, obviously, straightforwardly good.

"You know what, Lucien Knight, you're a coward," she blazed, feeling all the power that he'd imbued in her over the past months rise to the surface now that she needed it most of all. She had his full attention for one last time, and she was going to give it everything she had. "You hide behind your flash cars and designer houses... you deny love exists, and all for what? So you can hang onto your oh-so-glamorous lifestyle and screw anyone you want to? Listen to yourself - you don't want to screw anyone else. You want me. And I'm here, now, saying I want you too, saying I love you, and I don't know where the hell it'll end up, but I'm brave enough to say that right now you're my everything. You've opened my eyes, and my body, and my heart to so much more than I knew existed, and you make me feel beautiful, and protected, and adored, and I don't think you could do all of those things if you didn't love me back. Everything about you scares me... your lifestyle, your secrets, and the damn stubborn way you cling to your lines as if you've rehearsed them so often that they're written in stone. But you can change them. It's okay to love someone, Lucien. It's okay to let someone in. Let me in."

They stared at each other in silence, both shell-shocked by her words.

"That's just it, Sophie. It's not okay... It's not okay." He spoke jerkily, painfully. "I will hurt you, and I will leave you, and I will cheat on you."

Wow. Tears scorched her throat. Tears of pity and frustration for herself, and for this beautiful, fucked up man. "You're already hurting me, and it would seem that you're intent on leaving me. How can you know that you'll cheat?"

"It's in my genes. It's who I am, and I warned you... I warned you not to do this."

There was a desperation in his voice.

"That's just crap. Infidelity isn't in anyone's genes, it's a choice. Christ, Lucien! Even Dan never tried to blame genetic failure for his affair." She knew her words hit home from the way he closed his eyes to shut her out. She didn't want him to shut her out, but she couldn't find the way to stop the door closing, even as she scrabbled for a fingerhold, to keep it open even just a chink.

"When you touch me... when you touch me, Lucien, it's not just sex. When you came to me, right here in my bed, I knew." She was crying now. "You made love to me then, and you made love to me again tonight. You can walk away from me, but it won't change the truth. I know you love me."

"Sophie, you love a stranger, some hero you've dreamed up to get over your husband. That man isn't me. How can you be so trusting, so open, knowing full well how much you're going to be hurt?"

"It's not a choice, Lucien. It's who I am, and it's pretty god damn normal. That's how people are. They love, and they get hurt. But sometimes, just sometimes, they don't get hurt. They don't cheat, or leave... they stay and they love you forever." Her voice broke. "I want to love you forever."

"Be someone else then, Sophie, because being you is too risky."

"I'd rather be me than you. I'd rather risk getting hurt than deny myself the chance to ever love anyone."

"I'm not in denial," he stated flatly.

"Let me in, God damn you." Sophie clutched his face. "Let me in."

Lucien placed his hands over hers and closed his eyes as he drew in a deep, unsteady breath. When he opened them again, he removed her hands gently and placed them at her sides. "There is no in, Sophie. This is it. This is who I am, who I've always been, and who I'll always be."

He left her then, feeling more heartsick and lonely than she'd ever dreamed it was possible to be.

Chapter Thirty-Three

December blew in cold and fittingly bleak, and the idea of celebrating the impending festive period felt incomprehensible to Sophie. She had fuzzy recollections of Christmas's gone by, when Dan had always dragged an impractically large tree into the house and they'd decorated it together over the best part of a bottle of Baileys. But those memories were tainted now, because in amongst all of the picture book romance Dan had been secretly sleeping with his mistress. Had he helped dress her Christmas tree over the years too? It was mentally exhausting trying to rearrange all of her memories to fit the new reality they now existed in, one that included Maria in the background.

News had reached her a few days before that Maria was pregnant. She'd absorbed the information in an abstract way, and in truth, it didn't hurt as much as it might have done. Her marriage to Dan felt like a lifetime ago, yesterday's chip paper already. He crossed Sophie's mind far less than he would probably have liked to think, but the fact was that she'd been letting go of him little by little for a long time because he'd been subtly detaching himself for years. She could see that clearly now, but it had taken the arrival of Lucien Knight in her life to make her take off her rose tinted glasses.

Lucien's arrival had made Sophie realise many things.

He'd made her see that she'd been living on the edges of life, existing rather than embracing its bountiful richness in technicolour. He'd plunged her head first into a storm of sensations and emotions; a mental shedding of an old, dull skin; a seductive invitation. 'Hello, come with me, let me shown you somewhere bigger, more dazzling, more truly alive.'

Sophie glanced from the jingling TV ad to her unadorned living room. It couldn't be less dazzling or alive. Two weeks had passed since Lucien had left her home, and she'd barely left it herself since either.

They'd had no contact.

Two weeks felt like forever without him.

She'd laid her heart on the line, and he'd walked away. She shouldn't have been surprised, but she was. Surprised, and hurt, and desolate. She veered between wanting to run to him and wanting to run far, far away, but when she imagined running the only place she imaged running to was Norway, and to Lucien. All of her thought processes seemed to short circuit back to him, to blissful memories he'd created.

Yes. She'd well and truly closed the door on her feelings for Dan. She couldn't fathom how she'd ever been deeply happy with him now that she knew how much more her heart was capable of feeling. And how carelessly he'd treated her. How little she must have known him. As love went, she'd been swimming in the shallow end all those years and she hadn't even known it. Loving Lucien had thrown her out into deep, bottomless oceans where she was constantly swimming against the tide.

Don't love me. I love you. Don't love me. I love you.

It was utterly draining and her body and heart ached with the effort.

She didn't know what she'd actually expected him to say. He wasn't a man she could ever imagine settling down, yet she'd thrown her heart at him anyway. Lucien wasn't an everyday sort of man with an everyday sort of life. Even Sophie could see that the life he'd built for himself didn't include space for a wife.

What did she want him to do? Invest in a pipe and slippers, come home to her in the evenings and grumble about his day at work whilst idly surfing through the TV channels? The idea was hideous, and utterly implausible.

But what was the alternative? Live Lucien's lifestyle at breakneck speed, twenty-four seven? She'd tried it for just a week and come home shattered in mind and body. It was entirely alien to everything she knew as normal, and impossible to imagine sustaining. So where did that leave them? He didn't fit in her world, and she didn't fit in his. Maybe he was right after all. They were too incompatible, in experience as well as outlook. It could never have worked.

And so it was time to make some choices.

She was on the right side of thirty, she was separated, and she was alone.

Sophie was down, certainly, but somewhere deep inside her, she wasn't ready to be counted out. So much had happened over the preceding months. Huge, life-changing events that couldn't help but change people caught up in them too. Sophie's life had always been defined by the people in it. She was a daughter; she was a wife. She'd passed from her family home to her marital one without pause, her life shaped around those she loved.

This time was different. She couldn't shape her life around the person she loved, because he'd promised not to love her back.

But Lucien had taught her other things too. He'd taught her self-respect. He'd given her confidence she didn't know she possessed, and he'd taught her that she didn't have to take anyone else's crap. And finally, finally, Sophie realised that by sitting here alone in her bleak living room, that that was exactly what she was doing. She was taking his crap.

Little by little, she could feel herself rising. She'd hit the bottom, it was time to kick her feet hard and push herself back up to the surface.

Lucien Knight was a walking, talking hang up, a beautiful mass of contradictions. He'd been single-minded in his mission to free her from her marriage and it was time to return the favour. There was something fundamentally wrong with his way of thinking, and one way or another she was going to find out why, and then she was going to put that man straight once and for all.

A few hours later, Sophie walked purposefully through the glass atrium of Knight Inc., her heels clacking on the marble floor and her ponytail swishing with efficiency. No one stopped her. She was a familiar enough face not to raise any eyebrows, and the confidence of her stride implied that she belonged there.

Butterflies filled her stomach as she rode the elevator to the top floor; she was going to see Lucien again. It was only as she approached his resolutely closed door that her nerve wavered for the briefest of seconds, but she thrust the feeling away ruthlessly and tapped her knuckles lightly against the smooth beech wood.

The silence that followed seemed to drag on endlessly, so she knocked again, a little louder this time. When there was still no reply, she turned the handle and pushed it open. Empty. Disappointment spiked hard through Sophie's chest at the overwhelming anti-climax. She'd worked herself up to a boiling point of focus and clarity as she'd prepared to face Lucien, and being faced with his empty desk instead was crushing.

"Sophie?"

Sophie turned at the sound of a female voice and found Kate, one of the girls from the reception desk, behind her.

"Kate, hi," she said, trying to disguise her lacklustre tone.

"It's good to see you back. Are you feeling better?"

"Um, yes... thank you." Sophie smiled carefully as her mind played catch up. She wondered exactly what Lucien had told his staff about her sudden departure. She added the snippet to her list of questions, if she ever caught up with him.

"I was looking for Lucien?"

Kate's eyes widened. "Oh... of course, you won't have heard." She arranged her features into a sorrowful expression and pure fear threatened to take Sophie's legs from beneath her. Oh God. Had something happened to him?

"He isn't around at the moment, he's back in Norway." Kate glanced behind her, and then leaned in a little for confidentiality. "Family troubles. I've been filling in for you while you've been ill. I opened an email... from his father's solicitor I think?" She shrugged defensively at Sophie's frown. "It was an accident. Anyway, seems his dad's in hospital." She lowered her voice to a theatrical whisper. "Pneumonia. Alcoholic, apparently."

Sophie stared blankly at the other woman. His dad? Lucien had told her that his father was dead.

"Are you sure?"

Kate nodded. "He got a call a couple of days back and flew straight out."

"Do you know when he's coming back?"

Kate shook her head. "I don't. He's handling all of his calls and emails from Norway, and asked me to cancel his meetings. He's been a bit weird lately, but then I suppose you would be if your father had just been read his last rites, wouldn't you?"

There was the sound of a trilling phone from the reception desk. Kate shrugged apologetically and clicked briskly back to reception to take the call, leaving Sophie alone and frowning outside Lucien's office.

He'd definitely told her that his father had died, but Kate had seemed pretty certain of her facts just now. Had he lied? And why? Sophie made her way out slowly out of the building, but she didn't turn towards home. She turned the other way instead and headed towards the string of shops further along the road, towards the little travel agents she'd often walked past on her way to lunch.

Chapter Thirty-Four

Lucien kicked the snow from his heavy black boots as he stood outside his father's attorney's office. The streets of Tromso looked impossibly festive, snow-capped wooden buildings housing cosily lit shop interiors, glossy fir garlands draped with illuminated red hearts strung from building to building as far as the eye could see. It was a far cry from the sophisticated gloss of Christmas in London. Not that he was especially fond of Christmas wherever he happened to be in the world. It was a time for families, and for children, and for people who could suspend disbelief and enjoy the childish magic of a fairy tale for a little while. He'd spent his last few Christmas days alone at work, and he'd prefer to spend the time there again this year rather than here. He'd rather be anywhere but Norway at Christmas.

He pushed open the old, half-glassed door, not looking forward to seeing the elderly man who waited beyond it. He'd been here as a child, tagging along with his father, but never as a grown man.

The middle-aged receptionist glanced up as he approached the small, old-fashioned window hatch, ducking slightly to make eye contact with her.

"I have an appointment." The Norwegian words came naturally to him; it was his mother tongue, even though his slightly rusty accent probably marked him out as a stranger in Tromso nowadays.

She nodded, wide eyed. "Just a moment."

Lucien eyed the small, empty waiting room and paced to stand by the window. She clearly knew who he was and who he was here to see, but that didn't come as much of a surprise. The woman reappeared a moment later, smoothing her hand over her short curly hair. "This way please."

Olaf Karlsen stood as Lucien entered his office, much older and more weathered than the robust man who hovered amongst Lucien's childhood memories. His handshake was reserved but firm as he gestured for Lucien to take a seat opposite him at his desk.

"It's been some years, Lucien."

Lucien's mouth twisted a little. "Yes."

"May I ask if you've visited your father since you've arrived home?"

"Not yet." He regarded the older man levelly across the table. He was here in this office at Olaf Karlsen's request, just as he was in Norway at Olaf Karlsen's request.

"This is delicate, Lucien." Olaf looked down and withdrew a letter from the drawer of his desk. "Your father gave me this several years ago. He instructed me to give it to you in the event of his death." He pushed the pale envelope across the desk slowly.

Lucien made no move to pick it up.

"He isn't dead yet."

"No." Olaf stroked his short grey beard. "No, he isn't. But he's very unwell, and unlikely to pull through."

Lucien didn't want to hear any of this.

"Keep it."

The attorney fixed Lucien with his pale, steady gaze.

"Off the record... I have remained friends with your father over the years, and given his failing health I feel certain that he would wish you to have this sooner rather than later."

Something about the older man's demeanour left Lucien feeling seven years old again. If he refused the letter a second time, he sensed that the attorney would accept it. There was a small but undeniable part of him that wanted to know what lay inside the envelope. There was nothing his father could say that would change or influence things, yet he still didn't push it back across the desk.

It had been Olaf who'd called him a few days earlier to alert him to the fact that his father's condition had worsened significantly, and Olaf who'd suggested that he held something in his office that would be of interest to him. The attorney had leaned on his seniority and family connection to appeal to Lucien, with the added lure of the mysterious something waiting for him.

In truth, Lucien would have come just on the plain statement of fact, without any of the other inducements. His father was actually dying. He seemed to have been half way there for as long as Lucien could remember, but it had always felt like more of a vague possibility than something that would actually happen. And in every way that counted, he had been dead to Lucien for years.

He hadn't set foot inside the hospital since his arrival in Norway, but he'd called. He'd called twice a day to check on him, but as far as he could tell his father was so heavily sedated now that he would barely be aware of his presence anyway. Not that this was a bad thing. There was nothing left to be said as far as Lucien was concerned.

He nodded once at Olaf Karlsen and picked up the letter, shoving it into the inside pocket of his jacket.

He'd take it, but that didn't mean that he had to read it.

Sophie had never experienced such immense cold as when she stepped out of the airport, wheeling her suitcase behind her. She'd anticipated it of course, and dressed as appropriately as her wardrobe allowed; jeans, thermal layers and her cherry red coat, but her London winter attire was insufficient protection against the freezing bite of Tromso in December. She cast envious glances at the people milling around her, all far more suitably dressed in padded, waterproof jackets and snow boots. Her own fur boots would offer little protection once they became sodden. She'd flung most of her other warm clothes into her suitcase the day before, not really knowing how long she'd be gone for nor how her arrival would be received. No matter. Lucien was here alone, dealing with his father's illness, his death, even, and the single thought in Sophie's mind was to get to him. She'd been so focused on reaching him that she hadn't permitted herself to stop and wonder if he would want her there. It was only as she settled gratefully into the warmth of the back of a taxi that she allowed herself to consider in detail how he might react. Would he be glad to see her? Or would he be outraged? He was the most infuriatingly self-contained person on the planet; she didn't expect him to welcome her with open arms. She was acting on instinct. If Lucien had taught her one thing, it was to take a risk, not to wait for permission or instruction. And the thought of coming to Norway to be there, to be whatever he might need, for an hour or a day or a week, had come so effortlessly into her mind that she hadn't doubted herself.

Outside the windows of the cab, the scenery was very different compared with what she'd seen on her autumn visit to Norway. The bright, crisp days she'd experienced back then had given way to long polar winter nights. It was barely midday, yet it seemed like twilight. Purple-pink skies hung low over buildings prickled with brightly lit windows; offices and industrial buildings that gave way to prettily illuminated shops and cafes as they drove into the heart of the city.

Sophie couldn't help but be swept away by the Christmas card perfection of the place. It looked like a scene straight out of a romantic movie, akin to being captured inside the world's prettiest snow globe. If a reindeer-pulled sleigh had drawn up alongside them she wouldn't have been surprised; it was that magical. Hope seeped into her bones. This amazing place was Lucien's homeland.

He was here. Just knowing that he was close by made her heart beat faster inside her ribcage, and the idea of him being here alone and grieving almost broke it in two.

Hold on, my beautiful man. I'm coming.

Lucien left Olaf Karlsen's office, his head bent against the freshly falling snow as he crossed the road behind an oncoming taxi. The girl in the back had her face turned away from the window, but he glimpsed a cherry red coat and a swish of blonde hair, so that for the briefest of moments she stole his breath because she reminded him so acutely of Sophie.

And then she was gone, and he was left kicking himself into touch for the millionth time since he'd walked away from Sophie Black.

It had become his daily battle; fighting the almost violent need to call her, imagining that he saw her on every street corner, not letting himself get lost in the memory of how she felt in his arms. She came to him every night as he slept, enveloping him with her lush curves and her easy laughter, bathing him in her warmth and her light. The crushing, bittersweet moments between sleep and wakefulness were the worst of all: clammy, grey seconds when she melted away and he realised he was alone.

Lucien Knight was a man on the edge. On the edge of becoming an orphan, and on the edge of falling in love.

Sophie dropped onto the neatly made bed of her small, functional hotel room overlooking the harbour. She'd nodded along with the travel agent as he'd extolled the virtues of the hotel a couple of days before. She'd have booked into a shack if it meant she could fly to Tromso, but all the same she appreciated the fact that he'd found her somewhere central and comfortable. Much as she hoped that Lucien would welcome her arrival here in Norway, it had felt necessary to ensure she had somewhere concrete to travel to.

Up to that point she'd given little consideration to the fact that she was travelling overseas alone for the first time in her life, and she allowed herself a small glow of satisfaction at the fact that she'd arrived safely without any hitches. It had been undeniably strange being alone on the aeroplane surrounded by families heading to Norway to spend Christmas in the snow. She'd closed her eyes and thought only of Lucien, every passing minute bringing her closer to him. She still hadn't contacted him. Her fingers had itched to call him as soon as she'd spoken with Kate at Knight Inc., but she'd held off. If he was going to reject her, he'd have to do it face to face here in Norway.

And if he did, then she would accept it.

She hadn't come here to beg for his love. She'd come to be with him because he was going through something that no man should go through alone.

All the rest could wait until later.

She settled back on the bed and glanced at her watch. She could rest for an hour or so and then she had a bus to catch.

Lucien shed his winter gear as he entered the lodge later that day, feeling for his father's unopened letter as he hung up his coat. It lay heavy and hot in his palm as he made his way through the quiet rooms towards the master suite. He was beyond relieved to be home, to close the door on the craziness of the world for a while. He tossed the letter onto his bedside table. There would be time for that later. Or maybe never.

A glance inside confirmed that the saunarium had been prepared as he'd requested. "Thank you," he murmured into the silence, shucking off the rest of his clothes and opening the door. The welcoming heat hit him as he dropped down onto the planked bench, and he laid his head back and huffed the air out of his chest.

Even for him, the load felt heavy today. He was fortunate that his business was staffed by good people who could manage things without him for a little while, but he was accustomed to his working life being his be all and end all. He'd lived and breathed his career for as long as he could remember, yet over the last few months he knew he'd taken his eye off the ball. He'd had no choice, because his eyes had been on Sophie Black.

A small smile touched his lips as he lay back and let himself remember the last time they'd used the saunarium together. He'd never forget the way Sophie had looked when he'd opened the door. Relaxed. Naked. Touching herself, her legs parted and her eyes closed. His hand moved instinctively to his cock, already hard at the thought of Sophie, despite his exhaustion. He flung his other arm across his eyes as he stroked himself, his teeth sunk into his bottom lip and his head full of images of the only woman who could make him forget about the unopened letter on his bedside table, and the dying man in the city hospital.

In the shower a little while later he reached behind his expensive toiletries for the bottle of apple shampoo Sophie had left behind on her last visit. He flipped the lid and inhaled the fresh scent, his eyes screwed shut as the all too familiar smell filled the shower enclosure. Sophie. Jesus, he missed her, and he hated himself for not being able to stop the almost physical pain that came with thinking about her. He scrubbed his hair unnecessarily roughly and cut his shower short to crawl straight into bed, even though it was barely six in the evening.

Chapter Thirty-Five

Sophie pulled on her mittens as she sat in the back of yet another warm taxi, sickly nervous now that she was on the last leg of her journey. She couldn't quite believe that she had successfully negotiated Tromso's public transport system and then managed to find a taxi to bring her out to the lodge, but she had, and the driver had just let her know that their destination lay just up ahead. What if he wasn't there? She swallowed hard and put the thought out of her head. He would be there. He had to be.

Presently the familiar long, low outline of Lucien's home swung into view, welcoming lights aglow at the windows confirming that it was indeed inhabited. Sophie didn't know whether she felt relieved or even more nervous, but she was here at last.

Out of the warm confines of the car it was incredibly cold and incredibly beautiful, a still, crystalline winter wonderland. The skies overhead held no trace of the aurora tonight, there was only inky velvet studded with diamonds. She raised her hand to tap on the door, but it started to open before her hand even made contact with the wood.

Sophie's heart stopped beating, and then thudded again hard at the sight of Lucien's efficient, smiling housekeeper. Her taxi melted away into the darkness as soon as the driver could see that she was safe, leaving her with no other option but to walk straight into the warmth of Lucien's lodge, through the door held unquestioningly open for her. Well, that was a good start.

"Sophie, come in. Lucien didn't warn me to expect you."

Her English was perfect, as always, lightly and warmly accented. Sophie smiled at the older woman, glad to be remembered and racking her brain to recall her name.

"He doesn't know I'm coming. It's sort of a surprise," she said, pulling off her mittens. Surprise didn't feel like the right word given the circumstances; it made her sound as if she were leaping out of a giant cake.

"Is he here?" The million-dollar question left her lips as she unwound her scarf and shrugged out of her coat. She hoped she didn't betray in her voice how much rested on the answer to that question.

Lucien's housekeeper nodded, and gestured to Sophie to take her boots off too.

"He's sleeping."

The unexpected answer made Sophie frown anxiously.

"Has his father...?" She trailed off, not able to articulate the question.

The housekeeper shook her head and laid a hand on Sophie's forearm.

"Not yet, but I don't think it will be long." Her gentle eyes were full of concern. "I'm very glad you're here Sophie. Lucien needs you."

"You really think so?" Sophie asked quietly, surprised by the older woman's words.

The housekeeper smiled and shook her head, as if there was so much she could say but chose not to. "Go on through. You know the way."

At the bedroom door, Sophie paused. It had only been a couple of days since she'd stood similarly braced outside Lucien's office, and she'd been running on adrenaline ever since. From the highs of anticipation to the crushing low of finding him absent, from the tense journey across Europe to find him, to here and now, breathless and anxious outside a different door. Sophie raised her hand to knock and then faltered. Was Lucien's housekeeper right? Did he need her? Or would her presence just make a difficult situation worse?

Stop it. You're here now. Just knock on the damn door.

Pep talk over, Sophie tapped gently against the pale wood. She listened closely, and when she heard no movement in the room beyond, she turned the handle and pushed it cautiously open.

He was here. Sophie sagged against the doorframe with relief, gladdened beyond words just to lay eyes on him. Her hand settled over her throat as she drank him in, feasting her hungry eyes on every feature of his face, on the contours of his chest revealed by the pushed down quilt in the warm room. He lay on his back, one arm splayed off the bed, and the soft glow from the bedside lamp bathed his skin amber. Sophie could have stood and looked at him for a lifetime.

He stirred then, his brow furrowing. What did he dream of? She moved into the room and closed the door, then stepped around the bed quietly so as not to wake him. The mattress was soft and welcoming as she lay down carefully alongside him, content to watch him sleep for a while even though her fingers itched to touch him.

He stirred again, that concentrated frown back on his face as his breathing turned shallower. Whatever was going on in his head, it didn't look restful.

"Sophie."

He breathed her name even though he had no idea that she was there, and it was enough to make her reach out and lay her hand on his cheek. He seemed to settle; the frown melted away and the rise and fall of his chest gentled. She could have taken that as her cue to remove her hand. She could have done, but she didn't. She left it there, letting her thumb stroke his high, proud cheekbone. Lucien seemed to sense her presence then; Sophie could feel him slowly passing from sleep towards wakefulness, until finally he turned his head a fraction and brushed a kiss against her wrist.

"I don't want to wake up and find you're not really here," he whispered, not yet opening his eyes.

"I'm really here."

His chest expanded and contracted as he breathed her in deep, covering her hand with his own for a second before he turned on his side to face her. He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear gently, incomprehension in his eyes.

"How?"

Sophie laughed gently. "The way normal people do. Planes. Buses. Taxis."

He looked shell-shocked. "Why?"

The smile slipped from her face. "I heard... about your dad. Figured you could probably use a friend."

Lucien studied her face for endless seconds, his eyes more vulnerable than Sophie could ever recall. "I'm not sure we're friends, Sophie Black."

"No?" Sophie had to force the quiet word past the fear that constricted her throat.

He shook his head and sighed heavily, reaching out for her. She moved into the circle of his arms and clung to him. Or did he cling to her? He crushed her against his chest, and Sophie held him right back. It wasn't just a 'hello' hug. It was a 'thank God you're here' hug. Lucien's hand clasped the back of her head to his chest, and for long moments everything around them stopped existing. There was just this man and this woman, melded together by emotion and relief.

His skin was bed warm under her hands and her mouth, and she only loosened her grip on him when he reached down and tugged her sweater over her head. And then her jersey top. He glanced down finally at her white, long-sleeved thermal vest, traces of amusement alongside the rawness in his blue eyes.

"This is like pass the fucking parcel. Tell me this is the last one?"

"Almost," Sophie breathed, knowing that the final layer would please him far more than those that had gone before. He peeled her vest from her body, and a small guttural moan of appreciation rumbled in his throat as he looked at her breasts clad in ivory chantilly lace.

"I like this," he said, tracing his index finger slowly over the scalloped edge of first one cup and then the other. Sophie closed her eyes, and Lucien dipped his head and kissed her eyelids, his other hand on her bra clasp behind her back.

Her pulse jumped up as he flicked it open, up again when he eased the straps down her shoulders and bared her breasts to his waiting eyes. She could feel his erection through the sheet as he dragged her against him again, skin on skin and all the more intimate for it. It wasn't a 'thank God you're here' hug. It was an 'I'm going to fuck you senseless' hug.

"I've missed you so much, princess," he whispered, filling his hands with her hair as he tipped her head back in search of her mouth.

His kiss scorched her. Tender at first, holding back, and then devouring, as if he was starving and wanted to eat her whole. Sophie met him head on, dragging him closer, tasting inside his mouth with her tongue. Delicious.

He opened her jeans and pushed them down her hips, and Sophie wriggled out of them, along with her lace knickers as Lucien lifted the quilt for her to join him beneath it. God, yes. Yes please.

They both groaned with pleasure as their naked bodies aligned. He was rock hard as he blanketed her body with his own, and Sophie opened her thighs to accommodate him between them. Lucien rested his forearms either side of her head, her hands in his.

"Don't close your eyes," he said as he crooked his knee and tipped his hips forwards. Sophie watched his face as her body welcomed him in. She saw his pupils dilate with intense carnal pleasure, and she saw his hunger for more as he started to move inside her. She had more to give him. So much more.

"Deeper," she said, snaking her tongue over his parted lips.

Lucien's fingers tightened around hers, and she closed her eyes as he pulled his hips back to give her what she'd asked for.

"Open your eyes," he said, and she opened them wide as he thrust himself into her body, making her gasp. "Like this?" He thrust again, lazy triumph mingling with the lust in his eyes. "Like this, princess?" He moved up a little so that his cock slid over her clitoris with every steady stroke.

"Yes..." Sophie's hips rose to meet his each time, to gather him in. "Yes..."

She trembled, pinned down, never wanting to get up again. He knew she was right on the edge, and he lowered his head and kissed her slowly, his gaze never wavering from hers.

"I want to watch you," he whispered. "Let me see."

He let go of her fingers to cradle her cheek as her body tightened and her breathing shallowed, and Sophie could see the fierce concentration in his eyes as he held back his own orgasm to watch hers.

It was too much. She loved him so much. Tears welled in her eyes as her body gave itself up for him, wave after beautiful, pleasurable wave. He kissed her damp cheeks and rocked her in his arms, her name his mantra as his climax rushed from his body into hers.

Sophie was a long, long way from London, yet right here in this man's arms, she was home.

<br/>

Warmth struck Sophie first, followed swiftly by the touch of Lucien's fingers, a slow upward drift from her knee to the top of her thigh. He leaned in as she opened her eyes, tasting her lips for a few moments, the briefest slide of his tongue against hers that set her body on instant high alert. She stroked her hand down the back of his hair, then eased her head away and scooched up a little. Cradling the cognac glass he passed her, she rested her hand on his shoulder.

"You okay?"

Her words were simple, deliberately so, to give him the option of opening up about his father if he wanted to, or not. He shrugged, sighing heavily as he swilled his brandy around in the glass. It was a while until he spoke again.

"I shouldn't have told you he was dead," he said eventually.

Sophie didn't answer, just continued her steady massage of his shoulder in the hope that it was in some way helpful.

"I haven't spoken to him since I was thirteen years old."

"Wow," she said softly. Her own parents were a constant in her life, a given that she'd never had cause to question or rebel against.

"I found her in the kitchen when I came home from school." Lucien didn't lift his eyes from his drink and the unbearable weight of desolation in his voice broke Sophie's heart. "When I was thirteen years old."

Every fibre in her body ached to reach out and hold him, but she sensed that he needed to get to the end of this story first. So she massaged his shoulder and held her silence, her head full of images of the blonde child from the photograph on Lucien's desk and the horror he'd carried around in his heart for all these years.

"She was cold, Sophie. So very, very cold." Lucien closed his eyes for a few seconds and shook his head slowly. "There were pills everywhere, I could feel them crunching under my boots... I was too late."

This time she couldn't hold back. She slid down next to him, her hand against the warmth of his bent neck.

"You were just a baby, Lucien," she said softly. A million questions raced through her mind. What had happened to drive his mother to such desperate measures? Sophie couldn't imagine ever deliberately leaving a child alone, motherless.

He exhaled grimly. "Not after that, I wasn't. I grew up that day. I still have the screwed up picture of my father that they had to prise from her fingers."

He sighed; a heavy, broken expulsion of air as he scrubbed the heel of his palm between his eyes.

"She was fragile. Gentle." Lucien finally lifted his harrowed, bleak eyes to meet Sophie's gaze. Her heart contracted painfully when he reached out and stroked her hair, his mouth a grim twist. "His affair broke her, Sophie." He paused, agonised. "Love broke her." The slow, tender stroke of his thumb across her bottom lip spoke volumes. "I don't want to break you," he whispered.

The catch in his voice brought an answering lump to Sophie's throat, and she reached out and clasped his face between her shaking hands.

"You won't break me." Tears scalded her cheeks as she closed the distance between them. "You won't break me," she said again, her lips trembling as she kissed him. He kissed her back. The most bittersweet, poignant of all kisses. The kiss of a grieving man. His arms moved around her, gentle and then fierce, his breath a strangled rasp of emotion in his throat. Sophie held him close, wishing she could take the pain for him. It was little wonder the idea of love scared him stupid, he'd carried his burden alone for so long. To him love was destructive and ugly; it had taken away the one person he needed more than anything else in the world at an age when he was far too young to understand.

They held each other for a long time, the crackle of the fire the only sound in the room. Sophie opened her eyes and watched the flames, stroking Lucien's back as she pieced him together in her mind now that she understood his demons. She might not be able to fix the past, but she was willing to spend a lifetime showing him what love could be: beautiful not ugly, uplifting not destructive, and more precious than diamonds.

Chapter Thirty-Seven

The universal smell of hospitals assailed Lucien as he made his way through the hushed corridors towards his father's room, a vague whiff of disinfectant to sanitise the less pleasant odours.

Talking things over late into the night with Sophie had given him the final push he'd needed to come here. She'd listened without judging him, offered to read the letter to him, even. After all, he'd come to Norway the instant he'd heard of his father's deterioration; there was little sense in making the pilgrimage if he wasn't willing to see it through to the end. If nothing else, it would give him closure. Completeness, Sophie had called it. He'd turned down her offer to accompany him, but that didn't mean he wasn't bolstered by the knowledge that she was waiting for him back at the lodge.

He ran his hand inside his coat, double-checking that the unopened letter was still there. What would it say? The prospect of reading it weighed like a stone around his neck, but the prospect of not reading it in time weighed heavier still. He'd spoken with the nurse caring for his father that morning and the gravity of her tone when she'd suggested that he come sooner rather than later had conveyed how very sick he was.

He slowed his step, his hands shoved into his jeans pockets as the numbers pinned to the closed doors indicated he was nearing the one his father lay behind.

So this was it. Eighteen years had passed since Lucien had turned his back on his father, and he'd never accepted any of the olive branches that had been held out in the intervening years.

Where his father was concerned, his feelings hadn't progressed beyond those of that scared, bereaved boy; barely a teenager, yet forced to make life changing decisions. His gut reaction back then had been to lay the blame at his father's door, and the benefit of maturity had done little to mellow his viewpoint.

He paused, cleared his throat, and then pushed the door of his father's room open resolutely.

The nurse attending to his father's drip looked up as he entered the room, startled by the sudden appearance of this outlandishly beautiful visitor to her patient.

Lucien nodded to her briefly, a distracted greeting before he lowered his eyes slowly to the man lying in the hospital bed. His eyes were closed. It was impossible on first glance to know if he was unconscious or merely sleeping. Lucien studied him, trying to reconcile the man in the bed with the man in his memory. Where there had been bulk and muscle, now there was only skin and bone. Where there had been vitality and laughter, there was only dullness and paper-thin skin; the grey death mask of a man barely clinging to life.

"Are you his son?"

Lucien looked up at the sound of the nurse's voice and nodded grimly.

"He's been waiting for you," she said, her soft Norwegian tones carefully non-judgmental. Lucien caught the implied criticism all the same, and swallowed down the instantly defensive answer that burned in his gut. He shrugged out of his coat instead and moved to sit on the vacant plastic chair next to his father's bed, then let his eyes linger on the barely recognisable man prostrate beside him.

He just seemed so small. Had illness reduced him, or was the illusion of time playing tricks? Was it simply that he was looking at his father through the eyes of a man now rather than a boy? Whichever it was, it came as an unnerving shock.

"I'll leave you alone. There's a buzzer just there." The nurse indicated a switch above the bed with a nod. "He's drifting in and out of consciousness now. Press it if you need me."

The door closed silently behind her, and Lucien brought his hands up to either side of his face and rubbed his jaw. What was he supposed to do now? Would his father hear him if he spoke? Would he wake up?

There seemed little point in pleasantries. "Olaf gave me your letter."

If his father heard him, he gave no outward signal. His chest rose and fell harshly with the aid of the machine beside the bed, and his arms lay bone still atop the starched white sheets. Lucien considered the idea of touching his hand but found that his fingers wouldn't obey his brain, so he reached instead for the letter inside his jacket on the back of the chair.

"I haven't read it," he said, turning the envelope over in his fingers. His own name was the only word written across the front of it, his father's handwriting familiar from the many letters received and unanswered across the years.

Lucien had carried the letter around ever since Olaf had handed it over. He hadn't especially planned on opening it at his father's bedside, yet he found himself unpicking the edge anyway. Where else would he do it? He'd almost opened it several times, but suddenly, here in the presence of the man who'd written it seemed the only appropriate place. He lifted his eyes from the envelope as he eased the folded sheet from its confines, and for a moment he thought he saw the slightest flicker of movement behind his father's eyelids. He studied him closely for a few seconds, but his stillness was so absolute that Lucien felt certain he'd been wrong.

The sheet of paper tried to fold itself back into the position it had held for so many years. Lucien smoothed it out against his knee, and with a last uncertain glance up at his father, began to read aloud.

Dearest Lucien,

I have tried so many times to say sorry. Please know that I understand why you have never felt able to accept my apology, and know also that I do not blame you for that choice. I admire you. I know that you loved your mother very much, you have always been so much more her boy than mine. You have her wonderful courage, her conviction, and her ability to see what is really there.

I have no right to expect you to believe me when I tell you that I loved your mother very much, but it is the truth, nonetheless. What happened to her was entirely my fault. I am a weak man, son, and I have lived my life crippled by regrets. She lost her life, you lost your mother, and I lost you both because of one meaningless indiscretion.

I have watched you grow into a man that she would have been incredibly proud of. Did you know that we chose to name you Lucien because it means light? As a Norwegian man you will understand how precious light is. You were her light, and mine also.

You are not a weak man, Lucien. Do not live your life consumed by hatred. Be your mother's son and let the light in.

Courage always, my child.

Pappa

When Lucien glanced up again his father's eyes were open and full of watery tears, and, without hesitation this time, Lucien reached out and gripped the weakened hand on the sheets.

"Pappa."

A small, serene smile warmed the features of the man in the bed. As Lucien dropped to his knees and pressed his face against the back of his fathers hand, the machines around them flat-lined, beckoning the nurse as if she'd been waiting outside, expectant.

Chapter Thirty-Eight

Sophie paced the floor of the lodge, unable to settle. Lucien had been gone for the majority of the day, and given the update from the hospital before he'd left that morning it was unlikely that he would return with anything but the worst news. They'd talked long into the night, and Sophie had woken this morning with a new understanding and respect for the man still sleeping beside her.

He'd lived two lives. One ordinary life, before his mother's suicide, the other spent fighting a constant battle to make peace with his demons. Anger at his father. Guilt that he hadn't returned home from school in time to save his mother. And grief, because he'd lost them both at the same time, in one way or another. The sudden change he'd endured from happy child to troubled orphan was unbearable to contemplate, making Sophie wish she could reach back across the years and hug him. She could only wait and hope that visiting his father after all of these years would bring him some kind of solace.

The only thing they hadn't discussed at all last night was their relationship. Things had changed between them since her arrival here in Norway. Lucien had reacted very differently from the way she'd anticipated. He hadn't put up a fight or thrown up barriers; there was only relief in him, and gratitude, and gladness. He'd kissed her as he'd left for the hospital that morning, slow and agonisingly tender before he'd crushed her against his chest.

Her heart thumped at the sound of a car outside, and she crossed to the window, her footsteps silent in the fur slippers Lucien had found for her that morning.

He was home. Sophie watched him walk the few steps along the snow-cleared front path, his head bowed against the cold night air. She was at the front door before he was, opening it to gather him in.

His usual golden skin tone was underscored with a grey pallor, and one look at the expression on his face was enough to tell Sophie everything she needed to know. She held her hands out to take the coat he silently shrugged off, then walked with him to the warmth of the fireside.

Bowls of soup warmed their bellies, and brandy warmed their throats as they sat close together on the sofa. Afterwards they stretched out, Lucien on his back, Sophie tucked alongside him. It was a time when words seemed less effective than actions. The protective circle of a hug. The tender stroke of a cheek. The long press of mouth against mouth as they drifted into sleep, unaware of the housekeeper quietly clearing the dishes and laying a fur throw over their exhausted forms.

Lucien roused at around three in the morning, and for a while he studied the woman asleep on his shoulder. There was much he needed to say to her, and as if by sixth sense she stirred and her eyelashes flickered open. He watched her eyes and saw concern replace the comfortable bliss of her dreams.

"Hey you," she whispered, reaching out to lay her warm hand along his cheek.

"Hey you," he said, sliding both his arms around her. He needed to kiss her, and then there were things he needed to say.

Sophie tasted him, the warm linger of brandy in his mouth as it opened over hers. He held her close and kissed her deeply. When he lifted his head he smoothed her hair behind her ear and settled on his side, face to face.

"I'm sorry Sophie."

She'd tangled her fingers with his against his shirt, and she involuntarily tightened her grip on him. Was this the moment when he sent her away? She wasn't certain she could survive it again, and fear held her voice captive in her chest.

"I'm sorry for being such a fuck up." He dipped his head and kissed her again, almost as if he were drawing strength from their physical connection.

"I thought about you a lot yesterday. Sitting at his bedside reading that letter... seeing him die, lonely and full of regrets..." Lucien sighed heavily and shook his head. "I don't want to be that man in thirty years time, Sophie."

She had a sense by then of where this conversation was headed, and could only listen as he found the words that didn't come easily. He looked down at her wrist and touched a finger against the delicate gold and diamond bracelet that surrounded it.

"You asked me in Paris how many women I'd loved. I said one. I should have said two." He cupped her cheek, his thumb rubbing over her bottom lip. "As a child I loved my mother, and as a man I love you."

He lowered his head to hers then, with the emotional, ten-kinds-of-sexy kiss that only a man in love can give. Sophie surrendered her mouth to him, tears running down her face. "You just said the L word again," she half-laughed and half-cried, her fingers in his hair.

"I did." His heartbreakingly beautiful smile touched his lips, and his hand slipped beneath her T-shirt to cover her breast. "I love every beautiful fucking inch of you, Sophie Black."

"I love you too, Lucien. Very, very much."

Lucien spooned Sophie's warm naked body into his own a while later, cradling her in his arms and watching the fire over her shoulder. Making love without the boundaries of not being able to say it had left him peaceful and tired, and hearing Sophie say 'I love you' over and over as he came had been the erotic experience of his lifetime.

"Let's do this forever, princess," he murmured, kissing her ear.

She smiled drowsily. "Go to sleep, Lucien."

And for the first time in a very long time, Lucien Knight did as he was told. He closed his eyes and drifted towards sleep, his mind peaceful and his heart full of Sophie Black, the girl who surprised him.

Epilogue

"She'll never go to sleep if you don't put her down, Lucien." Sophie stroked Lucien's naked, sun-bronzed shoulder, letting her fingers linger to appreciate his lean, taut strength as he cradled their baby daughter.

"She's almost there," he whispered, rocking Tilly against his bare chest. "Go on down, I'll be right behind you."

He turned his head to Sophie with the most imperceptible of winks, and she met his look with gentle, amused eyes. Lucien would be a while yet, not putting the baby down until she was well and truly in the land of dreams.

He'd told her a few years back that he'd loved two women in his lifetime. Matilda's arrival had put that number up to three.

She looked from man to child, each utterly content with the other. They looked ridiculously perfect, better than the million black and white posters that made women around the world swoon.

Downstairs in the kitchen, Sophie filled the sink to wash the dinner plates. She could have used the machine, but she was content to complete the simple domestic task by hand while she enjoyed the peaceful vista beyond the window. They were in the season of the midnight sun, skies streaked golden peach behind the mountains, so beautiful it hurt her eyes to look at it.

The few staff of the lodge were on holiday, leaving the small family to complete privacy for their precious summer break. Life back at home in London was always crazy, and Matilda's arrival had only made it crazier still.

Working alongside Lucien for the last few years, Sophie had taken charge of the task of adding a little feminine, Parisian-style va-va-voom to Lucien's clubs.

She'd been smitten by the on-site boutique idea ever since their visit to the French capital and had jumped at the chance to open a small store within each of the Gateway clubs. Seven months pregnant at the opening of the first one at their flagship London club, Kara had joined the team, happy to drink the champagne Sophie wasn't allowed to have as Lucien prowled around her like a protective lion.

She turned at the sound of him jogging down the stairs, barefoot and beautiful in just faded, low slung jeans. He set the baby monitor down on the counter and slid his hands around her waist at the sink, his fingers over hers in the water for a second and then trailing up her arms.

"I like you like this," he murmured, kissing her shoulder. "I'm going to chain you to the kitchen sink more often."

Sophie laughed and elbowed him lightly. She spent most of her days dressed in killer heels and dresses designed to distract Lucien from his work, and he delighted in making her pay for it in all the best ways.

"Go away, you're putting me off," she laughed, her pulse quickening as he untied the halter neck of her summer top with his teeth. He glanced down over her shoulder at the plate in her hands. "You'd make a terrible maid. You missed a bit," he muttered, and pulled her top down to her waist in one fluid movement.

"I'm not sure I'd approve of this if I was your maid," she breathed as his hands cupped her bare breasts.

"I still love your tits." He'd said it so many times over the years, but it still made her laugh a little and gasp a little as he dipped his hands into the soapy suds and then trailed foam around her nipples. She could feel his cock hard against the base of her back and instinctively arched into him.

"Concentrate on your work princess, or I'll have to make you start again."

Sophie sighed dramatically as she dunked the plate back into the water.

"Better," he said, his hands holding her hips as he bent to trail kisses down the length of her backbone. Her fingers curled over the edge of the sink when he dropped to his knees behind her and lifted her frayed denim skirt up over her backside.

"My, my, my..." he murmured, clearly approving of the fact that she wasn't wearing any knickers. Not that it should have come as any surprise to him, given the fact that he'd removed them himself when they were sunbathing on the decking earlier that afternoon.

Norway had become their second home over the years, and Sophie loved it in summertime best of all. The mountains bloomed with lush grass and beautiful wild flowers, and the sun kissed their shoulders as they unwound from the stress of their full-on London life. Back at home, they'd grown accustomed to synchronising their diaries and locking the office door whenever the need to road test the latest sex toy became too much; out here it was blissful just to soak up the sun and enjoy each other at a more leisurely pace.

Not that there had been anything leisurely about the way Lucien had stripped her earlier that afternoon whilst Tilly took her afternoon nap. His sexual appetite seemed only to grow as their relationship progressed, as did his adventurousness.

No boundaries, no lies, and no one else were the three golden rules they'd built their relationship on, and boy did Lucien like to test her boundaries often. Life at his side was never boring, and she'd never been happier.

"Keep scrubbing," he whispered, his mouth roaming over the curves of her bottom. She tried really quite hard, but her mind wasn't on the job at hand as he moved his warm shoulder between her thighs to part them enough to accommodate him. She gave up any pretense of working as he licked her inner thighs, then tipped his head back to fleetingly mouth her sex. She closed her eyes as his fingers slid inside her, and moaned with appreciation when he returned his mouth to her clitoris for a slow, body-melting suckle. She gasped his name, opening her eyes as Lucien slid up the length of her body and unbuttoned his jeans behind her.

Knowing how good it was going to feel only made her want him more. She cried out as his hardness filled her softness, gasps of pleasure as he found his easy rhythm. He held her there, captive and impaled, kissing her neck as he drew circles on her clitoris with his index finger.

"You're the filthiest fucking maid I've ever known," Sophie could feel him smiling against her ear. "You've got the job."

She would have laughed, but all of her concentration was centred on how close her body was to coming. Lucien picked up on her change of tempo, switching from an easy glide to a thrusting ram against the kitchen work surface.

It was sex, it was fucking, and it was making love. It was life in glorious technicolour, full of promise and joy. The best of all worlds, with the best of all men.

THE END

