Chapter One

When Elroy noticed the quirky guy in the gray plaid bowtie struggling with a dark green dented footlocker, he was sitting in Harvard Yard under a tall oak, checking out all the guys moving into the freshman residence. He watched them pass through a section called Old Yard not far from Johnson Gate, with a gleam in his eye and two fingers pressed to his chin.

This happened on a brisk September morning. A long heat wave had broken and Elroy wished he'd remembered to bring a jacket. If he had been the type to notice the simple, endearing things in life, he would have seen a few leaves had already begun to turn and he would have smelled fall in the air.

Elroy didn't care about leaves and trees-or the smell of anything but men. He cared even less about emotion and endearment. He had been spying through dark sunglasses at a couple of lean, muscular dudes wearing tight chinos and basketball sneakers, wondering if he'd be able to figure out a way to get into their pants that semester. And while he fantasized about a way to get them both drunk enough at the same time so they'd be willing to do anything, the skinny guy in the gray plaid bowtie tripped over his own feet, fell forward into the two guys wearing chinos, and almost knocked them both to the ground.

Passersby pointed and murmured to each other.

Elroy sat up and gaped at the guy in the bowtie.

The guy in the bowtie wound up on the grass, hands down. His

glasses landed four feet to his left. The guy in navy blue chinos jerked forward and caught his balance just in time. He glared down at the grass where the bowtie guy had landed and said, "Dude. What the fuck?"

The guy in the beige chinos punched the guy in the navy chinos and pointed at the poor soul in the bowtie. "Look at that fucking bowtie and the short-sleeved shirt, man. All he needs is a name tag on his chest."

Then they both shook their heads at the awkward young man and walked in the opposite direction. They didn't offer to help him up, and they didn't ask if he'd hurt himself. While the two guys walked toward the freshman residence, the guy in the bowtie fumbled on the grass for his glasses. It was evident he couldn't see without them. Elroy watched the two guys walk away. He licked his lips and lowered his dark glasses to the end of his nose. The one in the navy chinos had a slim hips and a tight little butt perfect for bending over sideways. Elroy pegged him for an athlete; probably football. The one in the beige chinos had one of those sweet large butts that rounded out and moved just the right way when he walked. He thought about how good he'd look over a barrel with his big thighs spread. Elroy slid his bottom lip between his teeth and considered all the things he could do to him in the future. Though Elroy had always considered himself versatile in bed, with a rock-hard bubble butt like that, the possibilities as a top man were endless.

When the jocks were out of sight, Elroy glanced back to see what had happened to the goofy skinny guy in the bowtie. His footlocker had sprung open during the fall and he was packing his things and trying to close the lid again. The faster he worked, the more confused he became. His hands moved in every direction and the more he tried to fix things, the worse he made them. His face had turned red by then and passersby looked down at him and laughed.

So Elroy stood up and jogged over to him. The pathetic guy wasn't as skinny up close but his gray pants were about a half an inch too short. His brown hair hung a little too long and his glasses rested on the end of his nose. Everything about him seemed offensive, but in an unintentional, harmless way that made Elroy feel a little sorry for him. Even still, his gum-soled shoes and mismatched socks hurt Elroy's feelings. But he glanced down at the guy anyway and said, "You need help, buddy?"

When the guy in the bowtie looked up and saw Elroy standing there in his tight low-rise jeans with his hands on his hips, his mouth opened and he stopped moving. He didn't even nod.

Elroy smiled and said, "You sit on it and I'll take care of the rest." Elroy's heart raced with excitement at the thought of playing a game. He had a feeling this guy was gay. One of his favorite games of all time was flirting with and teasing guys like this one in the bowtie. It had been a long time since he'd seen anyone this needy. This one not only needed help with his clothes, he needed a good boning.

The guy in the bowtie continued to stare at Elroy without speaking. Though he made a lame attempt to move his lips, he seemed to have lost his voice.

Elroy reached down and grabbed a pair of the guy's boxer shorts that had been hanging out of the footlocker. He shoved the boxers back into the footlocker and reached between the guy in the bowtie's legs and grabbed his thigh. He squeezed gently and sent the guy his most seductive glance. He spoke in a low, sultry tone. "Sit on it, spread your legs, and I'll take care of everything else, man."

When the guy in the bowtie got up, he stumbled again and Elroy grabbed him before he fell backward. He guided the guy onto the footlocker and caressed his leg lightly when he was seated. Elroy could almost feel the poor guy's heart racing when he leaned forward with his head between the guy's legs, and clamped the latches on the footlocker. He let his head linger between the guy's legs a minute longer than he should have, glancing up at the guy's face the entire time, waiting to see if it would turn a deeper shade of red than it already was.

In an abrupt move that made the guy jerk sideways, Elroy stood up and smiled again. "There you go. All set." Then he turned and headed toward one of the residential houses for freshmen. He sent the guy a backward glance and said, "See you around, man," thinking at the same time he would most likely never see him again.

In the background, Elroy heard the guy speak in a low, wrecked voice. "Thanks. See you around."

Chapter Two

After he helped the pathetic guy in the bowtie close the footlocker, Elroy took a walk to Widener Library and sat under another tree for a while. He'd arrived early, unpacked his things, and settled into his room already and he didn't have anything else to do. He watched more good-looking young men carrying backpacks and suitcases, wondering how many of them would let him get into their pants. He'd gone to a private all-boys' school and he knew everything there was to know about seducing horny young men. He'd only met a few in his time who were not willing to pull down their zippers when the lights were off and no one was around. He'd met even fewer who could refuse a little harmless ass play after a six-pack of beer.

He also knew he would probably go straight to hell for most of the things he'd done so far in his short life, so there didn't seem to be much of a point in trying to change now. Did it really matter how many good deeds a guy did after he'd slept with his priest? That was one meditation retreat he'd never forget. He'd been over eighteen at the time and it wasn't child abuse. Elroy had seduced the priest, not the other way around. The poor priest didn't even know what hit him. One minute he was in the confessional listening to Elroy's sins and the next, Elroy was on the other side of the confessional fucking his brains out.

Twenty minutes later, Elroy decided to go back to his room and shower. He'd already showered once that morning but he thought it was time for another. He hadn't met his new roommate yet and he wanted to be undressed when he did. Elroy knew he had the kind of body that could make people stop and stare. He worked out often to keep his tone and definition, and he'd been blessed with natural assets most men couldn't get no matter how hard they worked out. His thick light brown hair looked as good messy as it did perfectly styled. He had just the right amount of hair on his body that didn't require a lot of manscaping. He trimmed once in a while to keep things neat, but it wasn't something about which he had to worry. Even if he had been hairier, or his perfect nose had been larger, or his athletic legs had been shaped like the letter X, his best asset hung between his legs. He knew very few men could compete with what he had going on down there.

Although Elroy had learned his lesson about getting too involved with his roommates from past experiences that hadn't ended well, he wanted his new roommate at Harvard to get a quick glimpse of what he looked like naked that first day. He believed first impressions were lasting impressions; he never did anything without thinking about it first. He was hoping he'd at least get a roommate who would be willing to be his fuck buddy when there was nothing else to do. Someone cool; not uptight. The winters there could be long and cold and snuggling up to a warm, willing male body would help pass the time when there was nothing else to do.

He also knew he had to be careful. He didn't want what had happened to his last roommate to happen again. The needy guy had fallen in love with him and threatened to throw himself off a roof if Elroy didn't reciprocate. In order to avoid the drama, Elroy had to sneak out in the middle of the night and miss his official graduation. There were times when he still looked over his shoulder to make sure the unstable guy wasn't stalking him.

Last Elroy had heard, they guy had gone back to Los Angeles where he'd come from. He'd been such an emotional mess his parents had to fly to New Hampshire and drag him back, kicking and screaming. A friend of Elroy's kept him up to date. This friend told Elroy the guy screamed, "I'll cut his dick off for lying to me," all the way out to the parking lot. Elroy knew he had dodged the proverbial bullet that time. He had learned his lesson: never make promises to the overly sensitive types unless you're prepared to come through with the wedding ring. When those queens want a man, they mean business.

Things might have worked out better if the guy hadn't caught Elroy in bed with the wrestling coach a week before graduation. Elroy thought he'd calmed the guy down. He thought he'd explained they might have a future someday, but not right now. Of course he'd been lying through his teeth. He'd been pacifying the asshole and he had no intention of ever getting serious with him. He'd only fucked him because there hadn't been anyone else around to fuck that last semester in quiet, cold New Hampshire.

The incident with the wrestling coach had surprised Elroy as much as it had surprised Elroy's needy, sex-starved roommate. Even though the coach was in his thirties and Elroy was only eighteen at the time, Elroy had often fantasized about what it would be like to fuck his coach. It was an opportunity Elroy could not turn down.

That was one of the ugliest nights Elroy had ever experienced in his life. Worse than the time one of his boyfriends caught him with the boyfriend's brother under the bleachers. While Elroy was tagging the coach, and the coach's legs were over Elroy's shoulders, the roommate who was in love with Elroy walked in unannounced and caught them at the point of climax. The coach was having such a good time he didn't even see him come in. Elroy had reached that point where there was no turning back. But when the roommate started throwing things at them, Elroy pulled out and ducked. And just in time, too. He missed getting slammed in the head with a black marble paperweight the roommate had given him for Christmas the previous year. It ruined what could have been a memorable climax, not to mention the glass lamp next to Elroy's bed.

As Elroy climbed the stairs to his room that morning, he made a point of telling himself that if he did have any fun and games with this new roommate at Harvard, it would be made clear from the start that it was only fun and games and nothing emotional.

Chapter Three

Whenever Elroy removed his clothes, he always became semierect, through no fault of his own. He didn't even have to touch himself for this to happen. The minute he started walking around naked and things started to swing, his penis grew in both length and girth and trying to control it proved futile.

In his new room, where everything was so strange and unfamiliar and where he hadn't even had time to rub one out yet, he grew even more excited being naked. By the time he stepped into the hot shower, he had a full erection. He stood directly beneath the shower head and reached between his legs. He grabbed the base with his left hand and jerked the top half with his right. As his head went up and hot water splashed on his face and trickled down his body, he spread his legs and pumped faster with both hands.

In no time at all, he jacked out a load that splashed against the beige tiles. Elroy, like most young men his age, had a little trouble prolonging his climax. When he was with a guy who really turned him on, he often had to think about horrible things that turned his stomach so he wouldn't come too soon. However, as is the case with most young men his age, he never had a problem rubbing one out within minutes after an erection occurred. But more than that, as is also the case with all young men his age, he didn't think in clinical terms with words like masturbation and self-gratification; he thought of jacking off, rubbing one out, or spanking the monkey.

He stood there for a few minutes and waited for his erection to subside. When it was flaccid enough to walk without being sensitive, he turned off the water and stepped out of the shower. He grabbed a white towel he'd brought from home and dried off his body. As he wrapped the towel around his thin waist, he heard a crash out on the hall. A second after that, he heard a bang and the door to his room opened. When he stepped out of the bathroom and into the main living space and saw the front half of an old green footlocker, he put his hands on his hips and smiled.

Then the guy he'd seen trip earlier that morning in Harvard Yard walked into the small beige room, shoving the footlocker with his foot. He seemed to be having trouble getting it through the door, so Elroy jumped in front of the door, lifted the footlocker up with one hand, and carried it to the bottom of the empty twin bed on the other side of the room.

Elroy turned and glanced at the guy in the bowtie and said, "Dude, what the fuck is in that footlocker? Cinderblocks?"

The guy shrugged, glanced down at the brown industrial carpet and said, "Everything I own, including my collection of Time Magazines."

"Time Magazines?"

"With print magazines becoming extinct I like to carry them around with me wherever I go. I only have a year's worth in the footlocker. But I have every copy of Time Magazine that's been printed since Joel Stein started working for them. I'm a huge fan of his. I've read all his columns hundreds of times."

"Never heard of him," Elroy said. He wasn't very political and he'd never actually looked at a print magazine. He thought of magazines as something from previous generations. He crossed to where the guy stood near the door and extended his right hand. "I'm Elroy Donohue. I guess we're going to be bunking together this semester."

While Elroy looked him up and down, the guy shook Elroy's hand and said, "I'm Kyle Sparrow." He didn't look up when he spoke. His voice had a wrecked, timid sound. It seemed as if he was afraid to look at Elroy standing there in nothing but a towel. Elroy had a feeling that if the towel fell off, the guy might even scream and run out of the room.

Elroy's instincts kicked in fast. He could smell another gay guy miles away. A straight guy wouldn't have been this apprehensive with another nude man. A straight guy wouldn't have stared down at his shoes. He would have looked Elroy directly in the eye and wouldn't have noticed the towel. This guy was gay, and probably a closet case at that. So when Elroy finished shaking Kyle's hand, he turned abruptly in a way he knew would loosen the towel so it would fall to the floor. When it did fall, he walked over to his narrow twin bed naked, purposely taking exaggerated steps so his dick would flop around, and plopped down on his back.

Kyle glanced up at the ceiling and Elroy said, "Hope you don't mind nudity, man. I hate to wear clothes unless I have to go out." He laughed and reached down to adjust his private parts. He realized it was a good thing he'd just rubbed one out, otherwise he would have been fully erect showing off that way in front of a stranger. As it was, he was beginning to get semi-erect. "And feel free to let it all hang out, buddy. No problem."

Without looking in Elroy's direction, Kyle walked to his own bed and said, "I don't mind. I'm easy to get along with. But I prefer to wear clothing, thank you. I never 'let it all hang out.'"

Elroy sat up on his bed and said, "I'm from Portland, Maine. But I've been in boarding schools all my life. My dad was Elroy of Elroy and Alice. I'm Elroy Jr."

When he said this, Kyle turned and flung him a surprised look. "Your dad is that Elroy, of Elroy and Alice chocolate ice cream?"

Elroy scratched his balls on purpose and smiled. He enjoyed talking about himself. "Yup, that was my dad. He's dead now. Alice, my mom, was his second wife. She's dead, too. They died in an auto accident a few years ago. They started the company to make a few extra bucks and it turned into a billion-dollar business. They were always shocked at how much people loved the idea of ice cream in more than one hundred fucking flavors of chocolate. I'll be in control of everything soon, and it was stipulated in my dad's will that I had to get a degree from Harvard, otherwise I wouldn't be here." Elroy had never been one of those shrinking violets who kept his wealth a secret. He made sure people saw him driving his silver Porsche, he dropped hints that he rarely paid less than one thousand dollars for a shirt, and he left his Gucci luggage at the foot of his bed at all times.

Kyle sat down on his bed and adjusted his plaid bowtie. "I'm here on a scholarship," he said. "My stepdad wanted me to go to the community college part time and work full time in the family construction business. I worked hard to get in here." Elroy detected a hint of superiority in his tone, which didn't surprise him. His type always frowned upon those who had been born into wealth. They wore their inherited poverty in their smug, lifeless expressions.

But Elroy couldn't have cared less what anyone thought of his wealth. He had billions and that was all he cared about. This information about scholarships went right over Elroy's head. He moved closer to the edge of his bed and spread his legs wider so Kyle couldn't miss the way his dick was resting on the mattress. "Where are you from, man?" He imagined some low-end working class town like Bridgeport or Fall River, where industry had once thrived.

Kyle looked over Elroy's shoulder at the wall behind him and said, "A small town in Vermont. I grew up there and this is the first time I've ever been anywhere else."

Before Kyle had a chance to finish the sentence, Elroy stood up fast and went to his dresser. When a conversation bored him he changed the subject without thinking. He opened the bottom drawer, purposely turning so Kyle could check out his naked ass, and started pulling things out. He threw underwear over his shoulder and grabbed two jock straps. He threw one jock strap across the room at Kyle and put one of them on. He made sure he grabbed his dick and jerked it around a few times before he packed it into the jock.

The jock he threw across the room landed on Kyle's head and he pulled it off fast. He held it away from his face with his index and middle fingers and asked, "What's this for?"

Elroy pulled up his jock and snapped the waistband against his flesh. He adjusted his junk and smiled. "It's for the jock ceremony. You can use one of mine if you don't have one. Don't worry. It's clean." He laughed. "I wouldn't give you a used jock strap to wear, dude."

"What's the jock ceremony?"

"It's tradition," Elroy said. "It's like pissing on the statue of John Harvard that tourists rub because they think it brings luck." He spoke with an exaggerated upbeat tone, as if he were about to tell a story. "All the freshman dudes put on jock straps and run out in Harvard Yard to form a huge human pyramid. It's a freaking rite of passage. I can't believe you never heard of it, dude. Where the fuck have you been? Everyone knows about the jock strap pyramid."

Though he didn't seem convinced, Kyle cleared his throat and said, "Sure I've heard of it. I just don't want to do it, thanks. I'll stay in here and unpack while you go. I'm kind of shy about undressing in front of people."

Elroy hadn't met anyone this backward since the summer he'd spent in Greece. There had been an adorable young man he'd had a summer fling with who got turned on by wearing red high heels. It took weeks to get this little kinky fetish out of the guy, and a few more weeks to get him to put on the red high heels Elroy bought for him. But once the guy put them on, he couldn't wait to lift up his legs so Elroy could fuck him. Although Elroy figured he had his work cut out for him with Kyle, he knew the shy types were always the most exciting once they finally let down their guards.

"Dude," Elroy said, "You can't miss this, seriously, man. If you don't do the jock strap pyramid you'll never fit in here. The last guy who refused to do it wound up transferring to another school because no one would talk to him." He leaned forward and grabbed Kyle's arms. "Dude, it's the jock strap pyramid."

"I don't know about this," Kyle said, as he glanced at the white jock strap in his hand.

"Trust me, man," Elroy said. He smiled wider and spoke with encouragement. "I'll make sure nothing happens to you."

Chapter Four

It took a few more minutes to convince Kyle to remove his clothes and put on the jock strap. But Kyle finally managed to gain his trust. When he removed the gray pants and the white shortsleeved shirt and bowtie, Elroy looked beyond his white dime-store underpants noticed he had one of those tight lean bodies, with long muscles that stretched more than they bulged. Without the baggy, ill-fitted clothes he didn't look nearly as skinny when he was naked. In fact, when he removed the underwear he looked good enough to fuck in the daylight, and without booze. The only minor flaw Elroy noticed was something Elroy would point out to him in the future. Although Kyle wasn't a hairy guy by any means, he'd obviously never trimmed his pubes. It was a good thing he had six thick soft inches that overcompensated for that horrible big dark bush between his legs.

When Kyle put on the jock strap and turned to arrange his clothes on the bed, Elroy took a good long look at his ass. He had a natural arch at the small of his back with two prominent dimples. He also had a nice long crack and not a hair to be found. Elroy took a quick breath and fought the urge to reach out and grab him from behind to see if it felt as smooth as it looked.

Kyle turned around and asked, "Can I wear socks?" He was wearing black dress socks that older men wear. With nothing else but the jock, they made him look even more innocent and adorable.

Elroy pressed his lips together and shook his head. "Nope. Only a jock strap. Lose the dad socks." He didn't point out that the socks didn't match.

Their room happened to be at the end of a long hallway, near a back stairwell that led to a side door on the first floor that opened to Harvard Yard. Elroy stuck his head out first and checked to see if the hallway was empty before he grabbed Kyle and dragged him into the stairwell. On the way down to the first floor, Kyle seemed apprehensive and Elroy had to pull him by the hand and tell him he would be glad he'd done this rite of passage. To make it sound even more impressive, Elroy mentioned that if Kyle managed to be the guy at the top of the pyramid in a jock strap he would get a special surprise. He emphasized the word surprise; he said it was different every year and no one ever knew what it would be. By the time they reached the first floor and were at the door leading out to Harvard Yard, Kyle seemed so interested in the surprise he didn't hesitate at all when Elroy grabbed him by the arm, opened the door, and shoved him outside.

The minute Kyle was outside Elroy shut the door and shoved a wedge into the bottom. He'd planned all this ahead of time and he'd left the wedge next to the bottom step. The minute Kyle realized no one else in Harvard Yard was wearing a jock strap he turned and tried to get back inside the building. When he found the door impossible to open and saw the way Elroy was laughing at him, he pressed his palms to the glass and glared at Elroy. He said, "Open the door. This isn't funny, man." He banged on the glass with his fists a few times, as a crowd gathered behind him to see who the guy in the jock strap was.

But Elroy laughed in his face again and turned back toward the stairs. He didn't want to get caught running around in a jock strap. He went back up to the room alone, without so much as a backward glance.

About ten minutes later, the door opened and Kyle walked into the room with some kind of scarf wrapped around his waist. The scarf had a bright green background with large yellow sunflowers everywhere. When Elroy saw this ridiculous sight he fell back on his bed and laughed so hard he doubled over sideways. "I got you," he said. "I didn't think you'd fall for it, man. Fuck, dude, that was too fucking easy."

"Ah well," Kyle said. He spoke with a clear, even tone. He glared at Elroy again and lifted one eyebrow. "You got me, oh yeah. That's right, Elroy. You got me good this time. I'm glad I worked this hard to get into Harvard so you could have me prance around Harvard Yard in nothing but a jock strap on one of the busiest days of the semester. Oh, yeah, you got me good. You don't know how wonderful it makes me feel to provide your personal entertainment."

Though Elroy noticed his serious tone, he still couldn't stop laughing. "You should have seen the look on your face when I shut the door, man. It was priceless."

Kyle removed the sunflower scarf and threw it toward Elroy's bed. It landed on Elroy's head, which only made him laugh harder. Kyle walked to his bed and pulled off the jock strap. Then he threw that across the room and it landed on Elroy's face. When that happened, Elroy laughed so hard his stomach muscles ached.

"I'm glad we're roommates," Kyle said. He opened his footlocker and pulled out a pair of gray sweatpants. "My only goal in this life from now on is to provide fodder for your entertainment. I can't believe how lucky I could get to have you as my roommate." Then he put on the sweatpants and slammed the lid so hard it made Elroy jump.

Elroy pulled the jock strap off his face and he stopped laughing. For the first time that day, he wondered if he'd gone too far. After all, this guy didn't seem like trouble. He was attractive in an unpolished way with that longish brown hair. He might be a good fuck on a cold winter's night, and he seemed smart enough in case Elroy needed help with any of his classes. He'd never been the best student.

So Elroy stood up and cleared his throat. He walked over to Kyle and extended his hand. "It was only a joke. I was just playing with you, buddy. Don't get mad, seriously. I promise I will never do anything like that again. I swear on my life."

"I'm not mad," Kyle said in the same sarcastic tone. "I told you. I live to do things like this. I love walking around in a jock strap in front of the entire student body and making a colossal fool of myself."

Elroy sensed his anger. But Elroy also knew how to turn things around. He'd learned how to master the art of the spin in any situation. "Stop worrying about that. You didn't make a fool of yourself. Look at the positive side."

Kyle blinked. "The positive side?" "Those people who saw you outside will never forget how hot you looked in a jock strap," Elroy said. He wasn't lying. The more he thought about it the more he wanted to bend this guy over the bed and bone him. "You blew them away, man. Trust me on this, I'm gay. You are one hot dude." He figured he'd get this out of the way, too. He'd learned in the past it was easier to admit he was gay right from the start. Though he had a strong suspicion Kyle was gay, he wasn't completely certain and he didn't want to get stuck with an uptight straight guy as his roommate.

For a second, it looked as if Kyle would never stop glaring at him. But when Elroy complimented him on his body, his expression softened and he looked into Elroy's eyes for the first time since he'd met him. "I'm curious about something."

"What's that?"

"Are you always this much of an asshole? Or is this one of those rare moments for you? I'd like to know for future reference."

Elroy spread out his arms and shrugged his shoulders. He sent Kyle a silly grin and said, "Oh, I'm usually an asshole."

"I figured as much." He almost smiled that time. He made no attempt to admit whether or not he was gay. This led Elroy to believe he was gay. The straight ones couldn't wait to tell gay guys they weren't gay. That seemed to be their rite of passage which they wore on their sleeves. They were open to gay men, and said they supported gay rights, but never got too close to a gay man for fear others might think they were, indeed, gay.

Elroy moved closer and said, "Don't be pissed, man. We're going to be seeing a lot of each other."

Kyle took a deep breath and exhaled. He sat on the bed and shook his head. "It's cool. I'll live."

"So we're good?" Elroy asked. This was almost too easy. If he could play a prank like this on Kyle and get away with it, the things he could get him to do in the future were endless.

"Yeah, we're good," Kyle said. "I don't hold grudges."

"It's cool that I'm gay?" Elroy said. He wasn't going to let him off that easily.

"Give me break," Kyle said. "I knew you were gay the minute I saw you earlier when you helped me with the footlocker. Just like you knew I was gay. I'm shy but I'm not stupid, so stop playing games." He shot him a stare and looked into his eyes. "And never, ever underestimate me."

Elroy turned and walked back to his bed. It was evident this guy was far from stupid. "I'm curious about one thing, though."

"What's that?"

"Where the hell did you get that ugly fucking scarf?"

"I yanked it off some girl's backpack on the way to the main entrance," Kyle said.

When Elroy heard that, he started to laugh again and didn't stop until Kyle went into the bathroom and slammed the door in his face. He thought about getting up and joining him in the shower, but decided it was too soon for that. He'd wait until later that night. He had to be careful with this one, especially if he wanted to control everything about his life that semester.

Chapter Five

The first night they spent together in the freshman residence seemed to set the tone for what Elroy portended would be an extremely boring, sexless semester. Though Kyle was filled with raw sex appeal in a natural, unplanned way, he reminded Elroy of those clueless people who loved to watch birds all the time with binoculars. They got erections when they saw yellow-bellied woodpecker sapsuckers, but show them a real honest to goodness man-pecker and they either yawned or screamed.

The event that led Elroy to come to this conclusion about Kyle happened the first night they spent together. Elroy saw no point in wasting time, especially when it came to sex. He'd been planning ways to get into Kyle's pants all day. When he returned from a party that night around midnight, he found Kyle alone in the room, sleeping on his side. There was enough light shining through the front window for Elroy to see that Kyle slept in the same gray sweatsuit he'd seen him wearing earlier. He had made up his bed with what looked like one of those bed-in-a-bag affairs sold at discount department stores. This one had a black background and little gold stars; the sheets and pillowcases matched the comforter. Elroy didn't even touch the synthetic fabric and he cringed.

While Elroy undressed-he never wore anything to bed-Kyle grunted a few times and turned on his other side so his back faced the room. Elroy dropped his clothes in a heap on the brown carpet and went into the bathroom for a moment to pee and brush his teeth. When he returned he went to Kyle's bed instead of his own. He gently pulled back the offensive synthetic comforter, climbed into bed naked with Kyle, and snuggled up against him in a spoon position.

In a matter of minutes Elroy grew hard. He pressed his erection into Kyle's body and started rubbing up and down very slowly.

But when he put his arm around Kyle and licked the back of Kyle's neck, Kyle opened his eyes and asked, "What are you doing? Did I invite you into my bed? Did I say, 'Hey, Elroy, why don't you hop into bed with me and lick my neck?' Because I don't remember saying that."

Elroy moved his hips a little faster, rubbing with more intensity. Then he squeezed one of Kyle's chest muscles and said, "I thought we'd have a little fun. You look like you need a good boning."

Kyle laughed. "Seriously, dude. What made you think that? Did I give you the impression I wanted to sleep with you? Or are you just a natural perv?"

Elroy licked the back of his neck again and said, "I'm just a natural perv. I figured since we're both gay, why not take advantage of it? I saw the way you were looking at me when I was naked earlier today. Let's not pretend. You know you want it."

With that statement, Kyle sat up and turned around. He pulled the covers back and pointed at Elroy's erection. "You need to put that away, seriously. It's not going to happen. I don't sleep with guys I just met. I have standards and I have rules by which I live."

Elroy grabbed his dick and shook it. He'd never met a guy who couldn't resist it. "Fuck rules and standards. Shut up and lie down."

That was when Kyle reached down with both hands and grabbed Elroy's side. With one quick heave, he hoisted Elroy up and rolled him off the bed. He landed on the floor with a thump and Kyle looked down at him and laughed. "I think it's time for you to shut up and go back to your own bed, because this isn't going to happen."

Elroy felt the blood rush to his face. He lifted his head and flung Kyle a glare. "What the fuck's wrong with you, man? No one treats me that way. Are you some kind of virgin or something?" "Of course not," Kyle said. "I haven't been a virgin for three years. I just don't think it's a good idea to screw around like this. As the old saying goes: I'd rather not shit where I eat. Besides, you're not my type. I like bigger guys with more facial hair. You're a little too skinny and way too fucking arrogant for my taste. And I don't get boned. I prefer to make love."

When he said this, Elroy felt a sting in his gut. He'd had roommates who were shy; he'd had roommates who were guilt-ridden about being gay and were terrified to admit it. He'd even had one who had tried to kill himself once after he'd had sex with Elroy. But he'd never had a roommate reject him in such a rude, obnoxious, superior way. So he stood up and went back to his own bed. Without looking back he lowered his voice and said, "Sleep tight, asshole."

Kyle pulled the covers over his head and said, "You, too, perv."

But Elroy didn't sleep that night, and he wouldn't sleep the night after that either. The people in the room next to theirs played loud music until three and four in the morning and Elroy couldn't even drown it with the pillow over his head. He cursed the fact that his dead father had insisted he get a Harvard degree before he could take over the company. He cursed Kyle for being a frigid bitch and being able to sleep so soundly through all that noise. The music didn't seem to bother Kyle in the least. Each time Elroy got up to use the bathroom and he glanced down at Kyle's bed, he saw Kyle on his back sleeping, with his arms back and what looked like a half smile on his face. Elroy felt like kicking the bed, ripping the ugly gray sweatsuit off his body, and smacking him in the face with his dick just for sport.

In the mornings, Kyle rose early and left the room before Elroy was awake. He was so quiet Elroy didn't even hear him leave. When they passed each other between classes later in the day, Kyle barely even glanced at Elroy. He seemed to be holding a grudge because of the prank Elroy had played on him the first day he moved into the room. And Elroy couldn't blame him completely. He'd seen and heard the way the other guys poked fun at Kyle and made jokes about him running around Harvard Yard in his jock strap. Some of them came up with the nickname Jocko, and they called him that when he passed them in the halls. Elroy was there when they did this in the library late one afternoon. He'd been trying to organize his class schedule when a group of frat guys saw Kyle enter the library. They leaned into each other and laughed at Kyle. They called him Jocko and told him he had a great ass. They might have suspected he was gay, but it was hard to tell with Kyle. This was more of a general hazing, with anti-gay slurs the idiots didn't even realize they were making.

When they did this, Kyle froze and his face turned bright red. He clenched his fists and turned toward the guys who were making fun of him. But instead of glaring at them, he glared directly at Elroy sitting at the table next to them. He flung Elroy such an intense look of hatred, Elroy gulped and swallowed hard.

When Elroy went back to the room later that night, he tried to talk to Kyle, hoping he could say or do something that might make him feel better. He wasn't doing it because of any deep sense of remorse; he did it because he still wanted to get into Kyle's pants. But Kyle turned on his side and threw out his hand. Before Elroy could say another word, Kyle said, "Just leave me alone. You've done enough."

By the end of that first week, Elroy had come to the conclusion that they would never be friends or lovers. So he went to a bar in Boston that Friday night hoping to hook up with someone to relieve some of the stress he'd been under that week. For the first time in a long time he wound up going home alone, even more stressed than he'd been earlier that night. But when he walked into the room at two in the morning and glanced down at Kyle's bed, he clutched his chest and smiled for the first time in three days.

"There you are," Kyle said. He was stretched out on his bed, naked except for black leather cuffs around his wrists, ankles, and neck. "I've been waiting for you, stud."

It had been three weeks since Elroy had fucked a dude. He could have fucked a watermelon by then. "What's all this?" He moved closer and pursed his lips.

"I thought we might have a little fun tonight," Kyle said. He rose from the bed and walked to where Elroy was standing near the door. He ran his hands up and down Elroy's shoulders and said, "Why don't you take off your clothes and put on that outfit I left on your bed?" He gestured to Elroy's bed, where he'd left a pair of kinky latex shorts and a set of wrist and ankle restraints. "I think you're going to like this a lot, you big handsome perv."

Elroy reached around and grabbed Kyle's ass. He squeezed it a few times and said, "I knew you were a kinky little fucker all along. But I never figured you were into BDSM." He smiled wider and felt his heart begin to race. "I've never been into kinky shit, but I'm game for anything, dude. Let's play."

Kyle leaned forward and kissed his neck so gently his lips barely touched his skin-the way Elroy liked to be kissed. The gentle submissive types drove him to distraction. "You're going to love this, trust me. I ordered all this stuff online this week and had it delivered to a P.O. Box in Boston so no one would find out about it."

Elroy felt such a rush of excitement he had trouble speaking. He reached up and grabbed the black leather collar around Kyle's neck and yanked it hard. "I like it. You look fucking hot, bitch. I feel bad now. I thought you were a complete waste."

Kyle spoke with a low seductive voice. "Get undressed now and put on the shorts. I'll take care of everything else. I only want to please my big, strong master."

Oh, it was too good to be true. When Kyle referred to Elroy as his master, Elroy dropped his pants and kicked off his shoes so fast he almost wound up on the floor. When he was naked, he put on the tight black latex shorts and climbed into bed. Though he'd never done anything kinky like this, he'd seen and heard about the BDSM lifestyle and he'd always been curious about it.

Kyle climbed onto his bed and fastened one set of restraints to his ankles. Then he spread Elroy's legs and fastened each ankle restraint to the edge of the gun metal gray bed. After that, he fastened the other set of restraints to Elroy's wrists and hooked them tightly to the metal headboard. When his arms and legs were spread and he couldn't move them at all, Kyle blindfolded him with something black and silky. He did something to Elroy's feet for a while and he played with his toes. Then Kyle wrapped something around Elroy's upper thighs and kissed his knees. He heard something snap and squeak a few times, followed by a sticky feeling on his stomach. The element of danger and not being able to move his limbs or see anything made Elroy's dick even harder. This was better than anything he could have imagined from his uptight new roommate with thick glasses who wore bowties and short-sleeved shirts. After this, Elroy would never judge anyone at a glance again.

And this had nothing to do with the kinky sex he thought he was going to have that night. After Kyle blindfolded him, he gagged him with a rubber ball that was attached to what felt like laces. Kyle tied the laces at the back of his head and laughed. Instead of going down on him, Kyle jumped off the bed and said, "I'll see you later, man. I think I'll go out for a midnight stroll. Have fun."

Kyle tried to speak but couldn't. He couldn't move his arms or his legs no matter how hard he struggled. He couldn't see anything, not even a shadow. He should have seen this coming. He should have known Kyle would plot his revenge. This was something Elroy would have done if someone had played a prank on him like the one he'd played on Kyle the first day they'd met.

Twenty minutes later, campus security came rushing into the room. They left the door open and a crowd gathered to see what had happened. When the other people saw Elroy hooked up to the bed with the BDSM gear, he heard them laugh so hard security wound up throwing them out of the room. And when the security guys removed the blindfold from Elroy's eyes and he looked down at his legs, he gaped at what he saw.

While he'd been blindfolded, Kyle had painted his toe nails bright hot pink, and then he fastened hot pink lacy garters to his upper thighs for an added effect. As if this wasn't enough to humiliate him in public, Kyle then taped a note to his stomach that said, "Spank this Bitch."

As one of the security officers removed the last wrist restraint from the head board, a tall man with gray hair in a navy sport jacket walked into the room and frowned at Elroy. He'd seen the guy before; he worked in the freshman dean's office. Elroy could still hear the crowd of people gathered outside the room murmuring and laughing. He knew he deserved something for what he'd done to Kyle that first day, but this was far more than he ever would have expected from anyone.

The gray-haired guy looked down at Elroy and took a quick breath. "I want to see you and your roommate first thing Monday morning. I would have let the little prank you played the first day go, but this is getting out of hand and I want it stopped." Then he turned, left the room, and chased everyone out of the hall.

When Kyle finally returned from his midnight stroll, he opened the door slowly and glanced at Elroy's bed. He smiled and said, "You're still up. I was afraid I might disturb you." Then he walked in, shut the door, and fell on his own bed and laughed so hard he doubled over this time.

Elroy was removing the pink polish from his toenails. He'd borrowed nail polish remover from a girl he knew from one of his classes. He stopped moving and glared at Kyle. He wanted to get up and beat the shit out of him but he didn't want to get into any more trouble.

Kyle stopped laughing and shrugged. "Hey man, it was only a joke. I was just playing with you, buddy. Don't get mad, seriously. I promise I will never do anything like that again. I swear on my life." He repeated the exact words Elroy had said to him after the jock strap incident.

"How did they know to find me?" Elroy asked.

"I phoned security with your phone, and told them to come," Kyle said. He pulled Elroy's phone out of his pocket and tossed it onto his bed.

Elroy stared into his eyes for a moment without saying a word. Though he'd never been more embarrassed in his life, everyone knew this had all been a prank and they would eventually get over it. Besides, it was one of the best pranks Elroy had ever witnessed. He'd figure a way out of it with the guy from the freshman dean's office. He'd never met anyone he couldn't handle with the right amount of money-or sex.

Instead of getting mad at Kyle, he smiled and asked, "Are we even now?"

Kyle sat up and leaned forward. He stared him down and said, "That all depends."

"What does it depend on?"

"It depends on you," Kyle said.

"You're very smart," Elroy said. "But don't think you can outsmart me. There isn't anything you can think of that I haven't already done twice." Intimidation usually worked well with Kyle's type: the passive-aggressive that slithers around to get even. And despite Kyle's protests, he still had a feeling Kyle was a wildcat in bed-most likely a submissive bottom who really wanted his toenails painted pink.

"You're very arrogant and you think you can get whatever you want because you have money," Kyle said in an even tone. "And in case you missed what happened tonight, I think I just did do something you've never done before twice."

"Then I guess we're even," Elroy said. Though he was still mad, he did respect the guy for getting even with him. He had him pegged all wrong. Most guys like him would have retreated and they wouldn't have fought back, and not in such an aggressive way. Yet there was nothing overly aggressive about Kyle's manner or approach. But more than that, he wanted to get into his pants even more now.

"Like I said, that's up to you."

Elroy stood up and crossed to Kyle's bed. He reached down to shake his hand. "Then we're even."

Kyle shook his hand and smiled. "And I don't have to suck your dick or anything?"

Elroy turned and walked back to his bed. He smiled at Kyle and said, "You don't have to suck my dick, but you might have to suck off a guy from the freshman dean's office. He knows about the jock strap prank I played on you the first day, and he found out about this little prank and he wants to see us both bright and early on Monday morning in his office."

"Oh fuck. My scholarship."

"Don't worry, asshole," Elroy said. "I'll take care of it. I know how to handle his type. I've run into them before and I'm sure I'll run into them again." He glanced down at his feet and frowned. His toes were smudged with hot pink nail polish and so were the tips of his fingers. "The only thing I don't know how to deal with is this fucking hot pink polish. So get the fuck over here and get it off me before I change my mind and toss you out the window."

Kyle tilted his head to the side and smiled. He hesitated for a second or two, and then he stood up and went to Elroy's bed. He reached for the nail polish remover and a bag of cotton balls and went down on his knees. When he lifted Elroy's foot and held it in his palm, Elroy looked into his eyes and was amazed at the wonderful feeling that rushed through his body.

Chapter Six

While Kyle removed the pink polish from Elroy's toenails, he glanced at a small tattoo on Elroy's right ankle and asked, "What's that?" He leaned closer and ran his fingers across it.

Elroy was enjoying the way Kyle touched his foot so gently he had to think for a moment before he answered him. He had such a light touch it sent feelings of warmth through Elroy's entire body. He hadn't been sleeping well since he'd arrived at Harvard and it was the first time his entire body felt relaxed enough to sleep.

Then Kyle asked about four more identical tattoos to the one on his ankle. They went up the side of his right leg in no set pattern. He slowly ran his fingertips up and down Elroy's leg and said, "There are more. What are they?"

Elroy knew Kyle wasn't doing this in a sexually explicit way. But Kyle's fingertips ignited every nerve ending in Elroy's body. For the first time in his new adult life he was torn between closing his eyes and taking in all this pleasure in silence, or shoving his dick down Elroy's throat. He opted for the former and said, "They're a few tats I got about a year ago in South Beach. They're bees. I wanted something different. Someone once told me that bees are not naturally designed to fly; they have to learn how to fly. I'm not even sure if that's true. But I liked it anyway and got the tattoos for that reason. They turn a lot of guys on."

Kyle's reaction was not at all what Elroy had expected. People usually complimented his bee tattoos and marveled at his unusual story about how bees can't fly. Kyle just frowned and said, "I'm allergic to bees myself. One sting could kill me."

Elroy rolled his eyes. "You're a fucking mess, aren't you?" Kyle dabbed a little nail polish remover onto a cotton ball and took Elroy's foot in his hand again. As he began to rub the messy pink polish off Elroy's toes, he said, "I had a bad reaction to bees last summer. I'd been stung before and nothing happened. But last summer I was helping my stepdad rip out bushes at the back of our house in Vermont and I disturbed a beehive. They were so small I didn't even know it until the first bee stung. When I jumped back, about six more stung me from behind. I moved away from there fast and went into my dad's shed. I didn't think anything was wrong at first because I'd been stung before and nothing happened."

Elroy's eyelids felt heavy. He'd never done yard work in his life and listening about it only made him want to sleep more. He rested his head on the pillow and said, "Your poor little thing. It must have hurt." He really wasn't paying attention to Kyle's story. He was enjoying the sound of Kyle's voice and the way Kyle was touching his feet so much he had trouble concentrating. The way Kyle rubbed his toes and held his feet left him feeling as if he'd just smoked the most expensive pot money could buy. And Elroy had smoked enough pot to know what he was talking about.

"At first I felt a little strange," Kyle said. "I felt off balance and I started to sweat. A minute after that my heart started to pound... and I mean pound...in my chest and I couldn't breathe. That's when it occurred to me that I was having a bad reaction to the bee stings. So I crawled back to the house and tried to calm down. There was no one around and I was afraid I'd lose consciousness. How I got back there I don't know. But I wound up in the kitchen, on the floor, banging my fist on the floor for help. My stepdad came in and saw what was happening. He called my mom upstairs and she came running down with Benadryl. I took it and the symptoms began to subside, but not totally. My heart slowed down and I could breathe again, but I wound up breaking out in hives all over my body, itching everywhere, and my mouth and lips swelled up. It only lasted for a few hours, and then I felt normal again. But I read later on the Internet that when someone has a reaction like that they could die the next time they get stung. So I try to stay away from bees as much as I can." He glanced at the tattoos and frowned.

While Kyle had been talking about his bee experience, he'd managed to remove all the pink polish without leaving a trace on Elroy's toes. By that time Elroy had a full erection and his eyes were closed. When Kyle stopped holding his foot, Elroy said, "You can rub my legs now with that nail polish remover. It felt good. You have nice hands. In fact, you can take off your clothes, get into bed with me, and rub nail polish remover all over my body if you want." He was still amazed at how someone so gangly could have such a light, gentle touch.

Kyle smiled and put the lid on the bottle of nail polish remover. He set the bag of cotton balls aside and stood up. "I think I'd better get to bed now, alone."

Elroy felt so relaxed and so close to falling into a deep sleep for the first time in days he didn't want to lift his head. "Don't stop. It felt so good. You have a nice touch."

"I don't want to get stung by you," Kyle said. "I told you I have a deadly reaction to bees and you have them all over your leg. I think that's symbolic and I'm not taking any chances."

"That's ridiculous," Elroy said. "Stop being such a fucking asshole."

"I don't think so," Kyle said. "You're trouble, and I'm not an idiot."

Elroy smiled. "You're probably right on both counts. But could you do me one favor before you go to your own bed?" He turned over and rested on his stomach, with one leg close to the edge of the mattress.

"It all depends on the favor," said Kyle.

"Would you sit on the floor for a few minutes and just rub my leg the way you were rubbing it before?" Elroy said. "I haven't had a decent night's sleep since I got here and I'm exhausted. It felt so good, and if you stop now I won't be able to go to sleep for the rest of the night. I know it sounds silly, but I think it will work."

For the first time since Kyle had met Elroy, he sent him a warm smile. He returned to Elroy's bed and sat on the floor beneath where Elroy's leg rested near the edge of the bed. "It's not silly. It's the first nice, honest thing you've said to me since I met you." He set his palm on Elroy's leg and ran it up and down with the same light touch he'd used before.

But Elroy didn't respond to him again that night. Elroy barely heard a word Kyle said after he sat down next to the bed. When Kyle started rubbing his leg, it only took a minute or two for Elroy to fall into a deep, unconscious sleep. Elroy didn't realize he snored. He didn't notice when Kyle stopped rubbing his leg. And he didn't see Kyle place a cover on his body, stare at him for a moment, and kiss him on the cheek before he went back to his own bed. If he had, he might have done things differently in the future.

Chapter Seven

On Monday morning they went to the dean of freshmen's office together. Elroy preferred to travel alone and travel fast and Kyle always seemed to be lagging behind him. He found his hand on Kyle's back, pushing him forward, more than once so he wouldn't have to slow down. When Kyle objected to this overly aggressive force, Elroy said, "Shut the fuck up and do what I tell you to do. I don't want to keep that asshole in the dean's office waiting. I'm not getting kicked out of Harvard my first week here and neither are you. We both need to be here, dude."

The gray-haired guy in the dean's office lectured them about responsibility and acting like adults. Elroy never bothered to learn the names of people he didn't care about, and this man would always be the gray-haired guy to him. The guy chastised them for the pranks they'd played on each other and warned them that if it happened again they wouldn't get off so easily. It wasn't as bad as Elroy had imagined it would be, and that was because Elroy had a strong feeling the guy was gay, or bisexual. He kept looking at Kyle's crotch and licking his lips. Elroy put his hand in his pocket on purpose and started groping his balls in an innocuous way to see if he'd get a reaction. When the gray-haired guy saw this and he pressed his palm to his throat, Elroy knew for certain he could get away with anything in that office.

When he finished lecturing them, Elroy leaned forward across his desk and took the guy's hand in his. He sent him a seductive smile, licked his lips, and said, "Thank you for not punishing us." He laughed and leaned closer so that his face would only be inches from the guy's face. "I was afraid you might put us both over your knee and spank us for being such bad boys. In fact, my buddy Kyle here loves a good spanking once in a while."

Kyle's jaw dropped and he flung Elroy a horrified look. The gray-haired guy jerked away and smoothed out his jacket. He cleared his throat and spoke in a deeper, more authoritative tone. "Well, I think that covers it for now. I hope we won't have to have this discussion again."

Elroy heard the quiver in his voice and saw the way his eye twitched. He was the type who liked to look at hot young guys but would never act on what he was imagining. So Elroy stepped back and smiled. He grabbed his dick again innocently and said, "Thank you. We really appreciate you giving us another chance."

Then Kyle thanked him and they left his office at the same time. When they were out in the hall and far enough away so no one could hear them, Kyle grabbed Elroy by the collar and shoved him into the wall. "What the fuck was that all about? I like a good spanking every now and then? Where do you come up with this stuff?"

Elroy laughed and said, "Calm down. I was only joking around. Didn't you see the way he was looking at us? I thought he was going to start jacking off right there in the office. His leg was actually vibrating. He's an old perv. I figured we might have to do something a little out of the ordinary to get out of trouble."

"So you gave him permission to spank me?" Kyle asked. He released Elroy and started walking away from him.

Elroy followed him and grabbed his arm. "I don't see why you're getting so upset about it. It's not like I pimped you out. Besides, he's not bad looking for an older guy. You could do a lot worse and frankly I think a good spanking might help you."

Kyle stopped in the middle of the hall and looked at him. "Oh really? And how do you think that would help?"

"For one thing, a good spanking might get rid of the goddamn bug up your ass," Elroy said.

Kyle jerked his arm free and said, "Let's get one thing clear up front. I am not promiscuous and I don't have sex with every man I see. I'm not like you." Then he turned and went to his first class, leaving Elroy in the hallway wondering what had just happened.

* * * *

They didn't have any classes together that semester, which

didn't seem to bother Kyle in the least. But Elroy frowned on this. It would have been nice to have help with his classes. He knew how to get passing grades without studying too hard; it wasn't beneath him to cheat on occasion. But it would have been nice to get excellent grades with Kyle's help.

Elroy went out every night of the week to different parties or to hang out with different people-usually frat guys because they turned him on the most. Kyle remained locked up in their room studying and preparing for the classes he had the following day. By the time Elroy would come home around midnight, he would find Kyle either sleeping or in bed reading a book. A few times he asked Kyle to rub his leg again to help him get to sleep. But when Kyle glared at him over a math book, he stepped back and didn't mention it again.

In a show of good faith, to make up for the devious things he'd done to Kyle, Elroy decided to repay him the best way he knew how. Although he couldn't be certain, he had a feeling Kyle might be a gay virgin. Kyle had said he wasn't a virgin, but he didn't sound convincing enough. Elroy suspected Kyle had most likely experimented with dildos and poppers while he masturbated-all normal gay male teenagers did that sort of thing. But dildos and sex toys cannot ever be compared to the real thing and Elroy wanted to do something nice for a change.

So one Friday night Elroy went to a small liquor store instead of to a frat party or a bar. He went alone; he knew Kyle would be in their room studying for a Monday morning exam. The initial plan was to buy a bottle of good vodka, and then drive to a dark notorious men's room on the highway and pick up a nice-looking young guy for Kyle. But when he walked into the liquor store and saw a tall guy with dark hair and scruffy five o'clock shadow standing behind the counter, he decided to forego his original restroom plan and work on this guy instead.

Elroy went to the back of the store and picked out the most expensive bottle of vodka. He turned toward the shelf with his back to the guy at the counter and opened his black leather jacket. Then he opened the top button of his jeans and pulled the zipper halfway down, exposing part of his white boxer briefs. He'd worn his tightest faded jeans on purpose because they made a bulge in his crotch. He'd also worn a tight black T-shirt that exposed about two inches of his flat stomach. Before he turned to head to the counter where the dark-haired guy was standing, he adjusted the black leather jacket so it would look as if it were falling off his shoulders. He'd once learned that little trick from a male prostitute. It amused him to think he could look like a male whore by doing this simple move.

On the way to the counter to pay for the vodka, he swaggered and took his time. He stopped to glance at a beer display, turning the front of his body toward the main counter, showing off his exposed underwear. He knew the guy was watching him. He wanted his intentions made perfectly clear. He glanced up a few times and they made eye contact and the guy smiled at him. It never failed. The initial eye contact was all Elroy ever needed. He knew he had this guy right where he wanted him.

When he walked up to the cash register, he set the bottle of vodka on the counter and said, "Hey, man." He smiled again and looked down at his shoes, pretending to be shy.

The guy looked over the counter, down at Elroy's partially unzipped jeans, and rubbed his jaw. Then he smiled and looked into Elroy's eyes. "Is there anything else I can get for you, buddy?" He had a deep, throaty voice without much inflection-almost as if he had marbles in his mouth-and a thick Boston accent.

Elroy had learned the best approach in situations like this was to pretend to be innocent. He shrugged, batted his eyelashes, and shoved his hands into his pockets. "I'm new around here. I just started school. I was wondering if there are any places to go out, if you know what I mean." By that time his zipper had gone down even more and most of his underwear had been exposed. The guy was gaping at his crotch with an almost dazed expression.

The guy nodded. "Sure, there are," he said. "There are plenty of places you'd like. I can show you around myself tonight. I get off work in fifteen minutes." He seemed to be in his mid-twenties, but he could have been pushing thirty. He had raven hair cut short in the back and on the sides, but longer on top in that painfully trendy style Elroy saw so often in gay bars. The top had been purposely bathed in product so it would stick up and form an exaggerated point. It wasn't the type of haircut Elroy saw often in Harvard Yard. This was the kind of haircut guys who went to community colleges wore, along with outfits from The Gap and discount stores Elroy had heard of but never been to. He doubted this guy owned a suit or a tie. But Elroy didn't care about this guy's social background tonight. All he cared about was his dick.

In a move Elroy knew would ensure his success with the guy, he shoved his hands into his pockets deeper and his zipper went all the way down. He pretended not to notice this at first. Then a second or two later he glanced down between his legs and said, "I'd better fix this before I get into trouble." He pulled his hands out of his pockets and his pants dropped even more. While the guy behind the counter watched, Elroy stuck his right hand into his underwear, adjusted his dick slowly, and groped his balls a few times. A second after that, he pulled up his pants and fastened them. Oh, there was nothing that sent a bigger thrill through his entire body than teasing another guy this way. He could practically feel the testosterone rushing through this guy's body by then.

The guy at the counter put the bottle of vodka into a brown paper bag and said, "I'm Jason. This one's on the house, man."

"I'm Elroy." In spite of the fact that he could buy the store outright if he wanted to, he liked getting free stuff as much as he liked teasing horny men.

Jason glanced at his cheap watch and said, "I don't think my boss will mind if I close up five minutes early." He reached down and adjusted his dick. He had a full erection showing through his jeans.

Elroy glanced at the front door to be sure no one was watching. When he knew it was safe, he reached across the counter, rubbed Jason's erection gently, and said, "I don't mind waiting for you." He spoke in a soft, whispery tone. He sent Jason one of his most innocent expressions and glanced down at the floor, knowing he could get him to do anything.

Jason's face had turned red by then and he seemed to be breathing faster. He adjusted his crotch again and said, "Why don't you wait outside for me? I'll close up in here and I'll be out in a few minutes."

Chapter Eight

When Jason and Elroy arrived at the freshman residence, Elroy had to literally pull Jason's hand out of his pants and smack it. "Be good now. My roommate doesn't know I'm bringing anyone home tonight." Jason didn't have a car, so they'd taken Elroy's car. While Elroy had been driving, Jason had been reaching between Elroy's legs and sliding his hands down Elroy's pants the entire time. If Elroy hadn't held Jason back, they would have had sex right in the car. Jason was the playful, aggressive type who didn't seem shy about anything. At one point, he'd pulled his dick out of his jeans and he'd told Elroy to pretend it was the gear shift. In the parking lot not far from the freshman residence, he'd pinned Elroy to the car, kissed him with his tongue, and pulled Elroy's pants down to his knees.

Jason's expression fell. "I thought we'd be alone. We could have gone to my place." He'd mentioned he had a small studio apartment within walking distance.

Elroy rested his palm on Jason's stomach and he rubbed slowly. "Calm down, it's cool. My roommate might even join us." He didn't want Jason to know he'd brought him back there just for Kyle.

Jason grabbed his ass and said, "That sounds like fun. I hope he's as hot as you are."

But when they entered the dark room, they found Kyle in his bed, in his sweats, reading a textbook under a small lamp. He looked up at them and lifted one eyebrow. His hair was sticking up on one side and he had a chocolate smudge on his chin.

Before Kyle had a chance to speak, Elroy smiled and said, "This is my buddy, Jason. Jason, this is my roommate, Kyle."

Jason and Kyle nodded at each other, and Jason put his arm around Elroy.

Elroy patted Jason's stomach again and said, "Why don't you go in there for a minute while I have a word with Kyle?" He pointed to the bathroom and kissed Jason on the cheek.

When Jason was gone, Kyle sat up and glared at Elroy. "What's he doing here? I have an important exam on Monday."

Elroy went over to his bed and sat on the edge. "I brought him back just for you. You don't have to thank me either. I wanted to surprise you, and to do something nice, man. Isn't he hot? He has a dick of death, too. I was thinking we could have a little threeway."

Kyle sat up straighter and his face tightened. His entire expression seemed to turn to stone right before Elroy's eyes. "Listen to me, once and for all," Kyle said. "I told you I'm not promiscuous and that I don't sleep around with strange men."

Elroy laughed. "I have condoms. Don't worry."

Kyle smacked his forehead and clenched his fists. "You're not getting it. Let me put it this way. I don't fuck around with strangers, not now or ever. If you wanted to do something nice for me you could have taken me out to dinner, or given me a gift certificate to a bookstore. You could have done a million things that didn't involve bringing home a strange man who looks like he's ready to audition for a bad reality TV show. Where on earth did you find him?"

"He works at a liquor store not far from here," Elroy said.

"You don't even know him."

"I thought we could have a little threeway," Elroy said. "We don't have to get married. I only wanted to do something nice and show there are no hard feelings." He'd had a feeling Kyle might not respond positively, but he didn't think the guy would freak out this way. Elroy had never seen anyone's face turn that shade of red before.

"It's not going to happen, not now, not ever," Kyle said. "I'm going to study for my exam tonight."

Elroy lifted the brown paper bag and pulled out the bottle of vodka. "Maybe if you have a drink you'll change your mind, seriously. This guy's dick is enough for both of us to handle. I'm not joking about that. On the way over here he made me pretend it was the gear shift and I could barely get my fingers around the shaft, dude. I'm talking the dick of a lifetime now."

"Thank you for that image," Kyle said.

"He's a fucking monster. He's bigger than me, and that's a lot."

Kyle leaned forward and grabbed both of Elroy's hands. "I can see you're not getting the bigger picture here. So let's make this simple, in terms you will understand. It's not going to happen. Plain and simple."

Then the bathroom door opened and Jason stepped out naked, holding his erection in his right hand.

Kyle took one look at him and he blinked.

Elroy shrugged and took a deep breath. After he exhaled he leaned forward and whispered so Jason wouldn't hear him. "Do you mind if I have a little fun with him? I can't tell him to leave now that he's naked. The poor guy is ready to bust a fucking nut he's so turned on."

Kyle's eyes opened wider. "With me in the room? You really are a perv."

Elroy shrugged again. "It's dark. We won't make much noise." He turned and smiled at Jason. He was still standing there with a dumb grin, holding his huge dick. "You go over to my bed. I'll be there in a minute."

While Jason crossed to Elroy's bed in bare feet, Kyle climbed out of his bed and put on his sneakers. He grabbed his books and said, "I'll go downstairs and study for a while."

Elroy glanced across the room. Jason had plopped down in the middle of this bed, with his legs open wide, his arms up, and his hands behind his head. "Are you sure you don't want to join us?" he asked. Though he was sorry now that he'd assumed Kyle would be happy about his, he couldn't wait to climb up on Jason's big, strong lap.

Kyle turned toward the door and said, "I'll see you later." On his way out, he didn't even look at Jason.

It didn't take long for Elroy to take of his clothes and climb into his bed. He knew this wouldn't be an all-night deal; he didn't want to waste a second. He covered Jason's dick with a condom and straddled his hips. Jason grabbed the back of his neck and started to kiss him again. Everything about Jason was aggressive in a relentless way. He inserted his tongue with force, and he held the back of Elroy's neck in a way that suggested control and dominance. He didn't even wait for Elroy to work the head of his dick in slowly. While they were kissing, and while Elroy was reaching back to guide Jason's dick into his ass, Jason bucked his hips and entered Elroy so fast Elroy felt the pain shoot through his entire body. For the first few minutes it hurt so much Elroy thought he'd never recover.

Elroy screamed out with such force Jason had to cover his mouth. Elroy blamed it on the fact that Jason was so unusually large. Elroy never had this trouble with men. He almost asked Jason to pull out and stop. It reached a point where the pain was so intense Elroy thought he'd gone deaf. He even felt pain the pain travel to the top of his head.

But after the first fifteen minutes, the pain subsided and Jason removed his hand from Elroy's mouth. Elroy stopped screaming and started moaning instead. Jason remained on his back and Elroy continued riding his dick. When Jason grabbed his waist, Elroy started to grind his hips and bounce up and down so fast the bed squeaked. It soon became apparent that Jason's strength rivaled his aggression. When Jason decided to change positions, he told Elroy to wrap his legs around his waist and his arms around his shoulders, then he lifted Elroy up and said, "Hold on tight."

This was a novelty for Elroy. With Elroy holding on to him tightly, Jason climbed out of bed and stood up. He didn't flinch or make a face. While Jason stood in the middle of the room bucking his hips, Elroy held his shoulders and bounced up and down on his dick. In this position, Jason fucked him while he paced the room. They wound up next to Kyle's empty bed, with Elroy's back pasted to the window that overlooked Harvard Yard.

After that, Jason fucked him on the floor, on the dresser, and against the bathroom door. He fucked him sideways, upside down, doggie style, and up against a wall. He finally threw Elroy down on his bed again and fucked him on his back. Elroy had lost track of time by then. He threw one hand back over his head and reached for his own dick with the other. He tossed his legs over Jason's shoulders and let his feet dangle down Jason's back. The twin bed moved sideways and his nightstand toppled over with a crash. When the bottom corner of the bed was pressed to the wall and it couldn't move another inch, Jason grunted and said, "Fuck, here it comes." Then he slammed Elroy's ass with a series of power-fucks that made Elroy's entire body vibrate.

They came together and both shouted "Fuck!" at the same time. It was so intense for both of them, they remained locked together in this position for several minutes without moving at all. The entire room went silent, except for a squeak that came from the door. As the door opened slowly, Elroy turned his head and saw Kyle staring at them with his palm pressed to his throat. The light from the hall had filtered in enough so Kyle could see Jason's pelvis pressed tightly to Elroy's ass. They were both naked, dripping with perspiration. It wasn't as if they could cover themselves or run and hide. So Elroy smiled and waved at Kyle with his right foot. "We'll be finished in a minute."

Kyle glanced up at the ceiling, closed his eyes, and shook his head. As he closed the door, he backed into the hallway without saying a word.

Jason pulled out and removed the condom. He smacked his dick against Elroy's ass and said, "I hope your roommate isn't pissed."

Elroy glanced at the clock and saw they been fucking for two hours. He lowered his legs and sat up on the end of the bed. He kissed Jason's stomach and cupped his balls one last time. "He'll get over it." And if he didn't, it wasn't Elroy's concern.

Chapter Nine

When Kyle returned to the room, Elroy turned on his side and pretended to be sleeping.

It must have been evident he wasn't sleeping because Kyle crossed to his side of the room and said, "I thought you were a top."

Elroy opened his eyes and turned. "Huh?"

Kyle kicked off his sneakers and climbed into bed. He rested on his back and said, "I had you pegged as a top, is all."

"Does it really matter?"

"Not at all. I couldn't care less."

Elroy smiled and said, "I'm versatile."

"I see."

Elroy hesitated for a second, then said, "Would you come over and rub my leg again?"

"You should have asked your friend with the big dick to do that," Kyle said, with a hint of indignation in his voice.

"Please," Elroy said. "It helps me sleep. Nobody does it like you."

After a moment of silence, Elroy heard Kyle get out of bed and cross the room. He didn't say a word at first. He waited until Kyle kneeled down on the floor and started to rub his leg lightly. Elroy smiled and yawned. Before he closed his eyes he said, "Thanks, man."

* * * * The following Friday night they both went to a liquor store this time, but not the same store where Jason worked. After the Jason incident, Elroy had noticed Kyle had been purposely ignoring him that week. Elroy had asked Kyle basic questions and Kyle had responded with little more than a grunt and a nod. Kyle hadn't been in their room much that week either. He said he'd been studying at the library because it was quiet there. But Elroy had a feeling Kyle was still angry with him about what he'd done the previous Friday night with Jason. Though Elroy wasn't even sure why he cared, it bothered him to think Kyle would remain angry with him and he wanted to make things right again.

So they went to a liquor store and Elroy asked Kyle what his favorite drink was. He knew Kyle didn't drink much and he wasn't fond of vodka. He found out that Kyle liked Southern Comfort and he bought the biggest bottle in the store. The smile on Kyle's face was worth the awkward confrontation Elroy had with the clerk at this other liquor store. At first, the clerk didn't want to sell them the booze without three forms of proper identification. Of course neither of them had that kind of identification. Even if they had had it, they were still underage and not allowed to legally buy alcohol. But that didn't stop Elroy from arguing with the clerk. And when his argument grew lame, he pulled out three one-hundred-dollar bills and slapped them on the counter. The clerk smiled, rang up his sale, and told him to have a wonderful evening.

When they left the store, Kyle said, "I guess you think you can get anything you want with the right amount of money."

Elroy smiled. "I've always found that to be the case." There was no need to apologize. He'd learned early in life that everyone has a price.

"I'm not sure I like that," Kyle said. "What about moral fiber?"

Elroy laughed this time. "Moral fiber is something we've been trained to believe exists, thanks to sappy TV sitcoms and bad writers. There's no limit to what people will do for a buck. There's a generation of people who have been sold a bill of goods that doesn't exist."

Kyle thought about this for a moment, then said. "I have limits. I won't do anything for a buck."

Elroy placed his palm on the small of Kyle's back and laughed louder this time. "Okay, let me rephrase that statement. There is no limit to what everyone but you will do for a buck."

This time Kyle laughed. "Thank you. I think that's much better."

They walked side by side, with Elroy's hand on Kyle's back, all the way to Harvard Yard. They talked about school, about a few professors they knew, and insignificant subjects that wouldn't cause any arguments. Kyle didn't seem to mind that Elroy's hand was on his back and that he was guiding him the entire way. When they reached the freshman residence and Elroy opened the door so Kyle could enter first, Kyle slipped inside as if Elroy had been opening and closing doors for him all his life. Things went so smoothly Elroy found it almost too good to be true. So when they reached the stairwell, his hand went down and he rested it in the middle of Kyle's ass. He wanted to see how far he could go.

Kyle continued to climb the stairs. He didn't stop, and he didn't flinch. Without turning, he smiled and said, "Please take your hand off my ass. I don't like it when people do that without my permission."

Elroy pretended to be innocent. "Ah well, I'm sorry. I didn't realize." He removed his hand from Kyle's ass and placed it on his back again.

When they were in their room, the first thought that popped into Elroy's head was to remove all his clothes. He figured if they were going to remain inside that night drinking and talking, he would get comfortable. He also figured he might wind up in bed with Kyle. But when Kyle saw him unzip his pants, he asked, "What on earth are you doing now?"

Elroy sent him a glance and shrugged. Kyle stood on the other side of the room, getting glasses he'd pilfered from a restaurant. "What? I'm not doing anything." He tried to sound shocked.

"You're taking off your pants," Kyle said.

"I'm just getting comfortable," Elroy said. "I like to be naked."

Kyle crossed the room with two glasses and he sat down on the floor next to his bed. "I thought we were going to hang out tonight and talk so we could get to know each other better. That's what you said."

Elroy rolled his eyes. The guys seemed obsessed with talking. "I can't talk naked?"

Kyle opened the bottle of Southern Comfort and said, "You can talk with your pants on. Pull up your zipper."

"Stop being such a Boy Scout."

"Pull up your zipper."

"But that's no fun," Elroy said. He'd never met such an uptight prissy queen in his life. "And it's uncomfortable. My nuts get all smashed in jeans. They need to breathe."

"Sit down and stop complaining," Kyle said. "I'm wearing my pants and I'm perfectly comfortable."

Elroy knew he wouldn't win this time. If he continued to pursue the issue Kyle would storm out and leave him alone. Elroy had been invited to a party that night but he didn't feel like going. So he pulled up his zipper and adjusted his balls. Then he sat down on the floor across from Kyle and folded his legs. He'd never seen Kyle drunk; he figured after a few drinks they'd wind up naked anyway and he would get exactly what he wanted.

Kyle lit a small candle and he talked about how difficult it had been to get into Harvard. He leaned back against the bed and sighed aloud. "It wasn't easy to get a scholarship. My mom and dad divorced when I was two years old. Then my dad died a year later, which made the divorce a complete waste of time...one of those ultimate ironies in life. When I was thirteen, she remarried a guy named Oscar who has a son, Jeremy, who is a few years older than I am. Oscar works in construction and Jeremy was like the all-around high school jock. My mom thought we'd be the perfect family. My stepdad wanted both Jeremy and me to join his construction business after high school and I wanted to go to college. They told me they were not going to pay tuition and that if I wanted to go to community college I would have to pay for it myself. So I started researching scholarships early and I found out there were ways to get into schools like Harvard if I worked hard enough."

Though Elroy had never had to work hard for anything in his life, he pretended to understand. "I'll bet they were shocked when you told them you were going to Harvard."

Kyle poured another drink and said, "I was the one who was shocked. They laughed at me. They said Jeremy was already making 'good money' in construction and that I was wasting my time. They said I'd wind up in construction eventually, only I'd have a degree from Harvard instead of just a high school diploma."

Elroy chose his words with care. "I'm sorry. But I just don't see you doing manual labor of any kind. I don't mean that as an insult either. You don't seem cut out for it." He didn't want to say it aloud, but he knew deep down Kyle was the soft, submissive, bottom type.

Kyle laughed. "You're right. I wouldn't know a hammer from screwdriver, and I couldn't care less."

They talked more about Kyle's family and how backward they were when it came to education. Kyle told him a story about how he'd been scheduled to receive and academic award on the same day his stepbrother Jeremy was playing football. Both Kyle's mom and stepdad opted to go to the football game and Kyle went to the award ceremony alone.

Elroy finished his drink and poured another. He felt lightheaded by then and he'd begun to slur his words. "That sucks, man."

Kyle shrugged. "I was used to it by then. Jeremy had always been the perfect one, the golden boy. He even looks like the actor Ryan Reynolds, but better. He's a darker version, and rougher looking."

"No one is perfect," Elroy said. He smiled. "Not even me, and I'm about as close to perfect as a guy gets."

Kyle let that remark pass and squared his back. "Oh, you don't know. Compared to me, Jeremy is perfect. He's what they always wanted: a son with a good job in construction, a pretty blond wife, two kids, and a brand-new pick-up truck. I'm gay, I'm not sure where my life is going, and I don't even own a car."

"They know you're gay?" Elroy said.

"I came out in my senior year," Kyle said. "I decided I might as well tell them. Get it over with sooner rather than later."

"How did they take it?"

"My mom cried and my stepdad walked out of the room. He's never mentioned it again since that day, not once. After that day, it felt like he put up an invisible wall between us. He's polite. He says hello and goodbye. But that's about it."

Although Elroy was curious about Kyle's family, he wanted to know more about Kyle's experiences with men. He remembered Kyle had mentioned he wasn't a virgin but he'd never gone into any detail. If this was true, he wanted details. "Did you have a boyfriend in high school?"

Kyle finished his fourth glass of Southern Comfort and poured another. He took a few sips and said, "I don't want to talk about that. I'm not a very sexual person. I care more about feelings and I need to have emotion before I have sex. I had a bad experience that left me confused."

That was all Elroy had to hear. Now he had to know more. He noticed Kyle's eyes were glassy and he'd begun to slur his words as well. Though he wasn't drunk, he seemed more relaxed than Elroy had ever seen him. He'd even removed his eyeglasses and set them on the bed. Elroy hadn't seen him without his glasses unless he was showering or sleeping since the day he'd tripped in Harvard Yard.

So Elroy leaned forward, reached for Kyle's hand, and said, "You can tell me anything, man. I'll never repeat it. What is said in this room tonight will never leave it. I swear on my life."

Kyle took a deep breath and exhaled. "It's just not something I feel comfortable talking about. There was one guy, just one, but it's complicated."

Elroy squeezed his hand and spoke in his sincerest tone. "You can trust me. You'll feel better after you talk about it." Oh, he was dying to know now.

Kyle looked into his eyes. "You swear you'll never tell anyone?"

Elroy crossed his heart with two fingers and said, "I swear on my life. To prove it, I'll tell you my deepest darkest secret after you tell me yours."

This time Kyle finished his drink, put down his glass, and swallowed a huge gulp of booze right from the bottle. He wiped his lips with the back of his hand and said, "I've never told anyone this before. Jeremy was my secret boyfriend all through high school. He seduced me one night and I wanted him to. I knew it was wrong, but I couldn't help it. If you ever saw Jeremy, you'd understand."

Elroy's eyes opened wider. "You did your stepbrother? Dude." Elroy had not portended Kyle's story would be this entertaining. He'd been imagining some dull story about two geeks in braces with tons of acne.

Kyle took on a defensive attitude. "It's not like I killed a kitten. We didn't grow up together. We were already in high school when we were thrown into the same bedroom. We weren't biologically related and I didn't even start it. One night Jeremy climbed into my bed and we started making out. After that, we did more and it became a regular thing. At the time, I didn't mind at all. I liked it and couldn't get enough of it."

Elroy shook his head. "But you just said Jeremy is straight."

Kyle shrugged. "I guess he's bi-sexual. I don't know. I can't get into someone's head. He would never talk about what we did or go into detail. He slept with me every night and dated girls all through high school."

"Were you in love with him?" Elroy found this unusually arousing, but he didn't want to ask for details he knew Kyle would never give.

Kyle laughed this time. "I thought I was for a while. I couldn't think of anything but making love to Jeremy. But I finally realized I wasn't. I told Jeremy I wanted more and I was tired of sneaking around with him. This happened at the end of our senior year and I knew it was time to either move forward or end it once and for all."

"What did Jeremy do?"

"He laughed in my face and called me a fucking fag," Kyle said. "Then he told me he wasn't a fag and that if I ever told anyone what we did together he'd kill me with his bare hands. He even grabbed me by the throat and showed me how he'd do it. He was stronger and I was scared. I was devastated for a while, but I got over it. I wound up meeting a guy at my part-time job in a restaurant and we started seeing each other. But we never had sex. I wouldn't let him have sex with me until I knew for sure he was the right man. I think people have too much sex. That's when I officially came out of the closet. It was the first time I actually brought a guy home to meet my family. My mom and stepdad didn't know how to react. And Jeremy was livid that day. He seemed to resent the fact that I'd come out and that I had a boyfriend, as if he were embarrassed to be seen with me."

"Well, it stands to reason," Elroy said. "After all, the guy was boning you."

Kyle tiled his head sideways. "Why would it matter?"

"He was probably jealous," Elroy said. "Guys like Jeremy are possessive that way. They don't want you, but they don't want anyone else to have you. I've seen that before."

"I don't know," Kyle said. "Looking back on it all, I now see Jeremy is just an asshole. And I was a bigger asshole for not seeing it sooner."

"What happened to the boyfriend from the restaurant?" Elroy asked. "You never had sex with him?" This was hard to believe.

"We're still friends," Kyle said. "He went to school in Los Angeles and we still keep in touch. But we weren't in love. We made out and did safe things, but never anything with penetration. He wanted to have sex, but I refused. After what happened with Jeremy, I found it hard to trust any man. I still cringe when I think of him calling me a fag. I'd never felt that way before or since- like trash."

"I understand doing the safer things in bed," Elroy said. "I have a lot of friends like that. We just jack each other off."

Kyle sent him a look and said, "I'll bet you do. Now tell me your deep dark secret. I told you mine."

Chapter Ten

Elroy finished his drink and moved closer to Kyle. He was so close he could smell the Southern Comfort on his breath. He lowered his head and said, "I'm not sure I can talk about it. It's just too painful for me."

Kyle put his arm around him and spoke in a soft, comforting tone. "You can tell me. It's okay. You should never be afraid of your innermost emotions."

He leaned into Kyle's side and rested his head on Kyle's soft shoulder. This was turning into an Oprah Winfrey show. "It's just that it was so traumatic I get all filled up thinking about it. I've never told anyone about this before. I don't want to cry in front of you." He hadn't cried since his mom's and dad's funerals.

Kyle seemed to enjoy this. He caressed Elroy's head and said, "Don't ever be afraid to cry. I think that's a sign of strength in a man. You need to release your emotions sometimes."

"You do?"

Kyle stroked his head again. "Yes, it's sweet, too." Elroy took a quick breath and said, "Okay, here goes. But

would you please put your other arm around me? This is so hard." He wanted to feel Kyle's body up against his. "Sure, I will," Kyle said. He put his other arm around Elroy as if he were cradling him against his chest. "And cry all you want. I don't mind."

Elroy inhaled his spicy scent and said, "It happened my senior year while I was in boarding school. I fell in love with an older man who had a wife and kids. One weekend his wife and kids went to visit his wife's mother in Boston and my older boyfriend had the house all to himself. He asked me to come over and spend the weekend with him and I refused at first."

"Good for you," Kyle said. "I think that was wrong of him. He shouldn't have put you in the position. He was married and had kids. He shouldn't have been cheating on his wife in the first place. Things like that never end well."

"I know that now," Elroy said. He sniffed a few times and continued. "He told me he was in love with me and that we would one day be together. I was so in love with him I would have died for him if he'd asked."

"Did you go to his house that weekend?" Elroy nodded. "Yes, I went there, against my better judgment. But I had to see him. I was in love with him and I couldn't stand being away from him. I showed up late on a Saturday night, around eight o'clock. He had a wonderful candlelight dinner prepared for us. We ate and drank champagne, and wound up in his bedroom a few hours later."

"In his wife's bed?" Kyle asked.

"Yes. I told you it's hard for me to talk about this."

"Don't stop now."

"You promise you won't repeat any of this?"

"Not a word," Kyle said."Well, my older boyfriend had a few

kinks I should mention first. He liked me to dress up. Up until that night I'd kept it simple. I'd wear high heels and stockings and sometimes a long blond wig. I didn't like doing it, but I told you I was willing to do anything to please him."

"Oh, you poor thing," Kyle said. "Tell me more."

"That night he wanted me to put on one of his wife's negligees, a slinky black see-through affair. He must have had it all planned in advance. He had a long blond wig, black high heels, bright red lipstick, and long red fake fingernails. So I went into the bathroom and put it all on, willing to do anything to please the man. By the time I came out of the bathroom, he was already in bed naked, waiting for me. So I climbed into bed and we started making love. I hated doing it. I've never been into that sort of thing. But I would have done anything to please him."

"That is so sad," Kyle said. "It just breaks my heart. You poor thing."

Elroy wiped a tear off his cheek and sniffed back. "But it gets worse. While we were making love, his wife came home unexpectedly and found us in her bed. I was on my back, wearing her black negligee, with my legs up in the air. He was fucking me and just about ready to come." Elroy lowered his head to Kyle's lap and sniffed his crotch. "I'm not sure I can continue. It's too painful."

Kyle continued to caress his head. "You'll feel better once you get it out. I'm here for you, you poor thing."

Elroy lifted his head to Kyle's chest again and said, "The wife ran to a dresser and pulled a small handgun out of the bottom drawer. It all happened so fast I still get confused thinking about it. At the exact moment my boyfriend came, she shot him in the back six times and he fell on top of me, dead."

As Kyle held him tighter, Elroy put his arms around Kyle and he started to sob.

A minute later, Kyle kissed the top of his head and said, "What happened after that?"

"The wife must have phoned the police," Elroy said. "Or maybe one of the neighbors called them. I'm not sure. Two big, strong policemen came and they put a jacket around my shoulders and took me to the police station."

"They took you to the police station in his wife's negligee? While you were wearing high heels, a wig, and lipstick?"

Elroy nodded. "They insisted I go that way."

"I can't even imagine how horrible that must have been."

Elroy wiped more tears from his face and said, "When we arrived at the police station, the three big cops locked me in a cell and they took turns fucking me."

"Huh?"

"They all fucked me senseless."

"Oh my God, no," Kyle screamed in horror this time.

"Then they brought in more cops and they all took turns fucking me." Though Elroy tried to hold back, he couldn't keep a straight face. He stopped crying and started laughing so hard his stomach hurt. When he said, "Then the cops made me suck them off," his body fell sideways and he rolled around on the floor, laughing, landing in a fetal position.

At first, Kyle sat there gaping at Elroy with a terrified expression. When he realized Elroy had made up the entire story, he stood up and threw the bottle of Southern Comfort across the room. "I can't believe you just did that and I fell for it. I thought we were sharing a warm tender moment together. I thought we'd finally reached a new level of friendship and all the time you were making a fool out of me."

Elroy stood up fast. Although he still couldn't stop laughing, he grabbed Kyle's shoulders and said, "But we did reach a new level of friendship tonight. I wasn't making a fool out of you. I was just having a little fun. Seriously, man, think about it. I haven't had this much fun talking to a guy in years. And we were wearing our clothes the entire time."

For a moment, Kyle let a smile slip. But he caught it in time and said, "Why do you have to be such an asshole all the time?"

Elroy stopped laughing. He stood in the middle of the room and stared at Kyle for a moment. Then he said, "You're so trusting. Do you really think I'd dress up in drag and let some married guy fuck me in high heels? You make it so simple for me sometimes I can't help myself." It sounded more like a question than a statement. But it was the best he could do.

They were both so drunk by then, they fell into Elroy's bed fully clothed. Elroy wrapped his arms around Kyle and they went to sleep in a spoon position without as much as a kiss goodnight. Elroy would one day look back on that night in amazement. It was the first time he'd ever slept with a man and he didn't have sex.

* * * * After the night they spent getting drunk, they bonded in a way Elroy hadn't expected. He wondered if Kyle felt the same way, but he didn't ask. Elroy found out something interesting about himself he'd never known before. He discovered it was possible to spend the night with a man, and sleep in the same bed with a man, and not have sex with him. Although he still wanted to get into Kyle's pants in the worst way, he also found he enjoyed being with him and not having sex. Elroy had many acquaintances and he always got invited to parties. But he'd never had any true friends, male or female. He'd always been a loner and he'd never expected that to change-until he met Kyle. There was something about that quirky guy with bad clothes and thick glasses and that made him feel as if he was experiencing life for the first time.

Elroy also felt Kyle needed help in the most fundamental ways. He seemed to be more of a loner than Elroy because he didn't even have acquaintances. It never took Elroy long to make superficial friends and by October he knew more people at Harvard than most seniors who had been there for four years. People tended to gravitate to him and he didn't have to try hard for this to happen. Men and women laughed at his jokes, listened to his opinions (even when he said nothing of great significance), and often tried to mimic his style. If Elroy wore a white scarf with a black leather jacket, within days he would see other people on campus wearing white scarves with black leather jackets. Once, just to see what would happen, he wore a bright orange knitted ski cap to a party and the following week he counted more than three dozen people on campus wearing orange ski caps.

But most people didn't even notice Kyle. He seemed to be invisible and Elroy suspected Kyle knew this-or he didn't care about it, which was even more dismal when he really thought about it. Whenever they walked together on campus people would approach Elroy and turn their backs to Kyle as if he wasn't even standing there. Elroy also overheard people talking about Kyle when they didn't know he was listening. He heard a group of guys in the locker room one afternoon laugh about the baggy clothes Kyle wore. He heard a group of girls snicker at the way Kyle's eyeglasses tipped sideways. Elroy even overheard two professors laughing at the way Kyle tended to stare down at the floor when he walked down the hallway to class.

So Elroy decided to do something about this. On a Saturday afternoon in October he took Kyle shopping and bought him a few new things to wear. Though Kyle protested at first and said he didn't want anything, Elroy persisted and said, "I want to do this, man. I've done some shitty things to you and I want to make it up."

"I'll pay you back slowly," Kyle said. "I don't want the money," Elroy said. "I don't need the money."

Kyle clearly didn't trust him. "And what do I have to do in return? I'm not sleeping with you, so get that out of your head."

"I just want to go shopping," Elroy said. "I don't want to bone you. If it makes you feel better, you can help me out with my math class. It's fucking killing me. The professor is the meanest fucking dyke you've ever seen. She hates men, she hates dick, and she hates me."

Kyle smiled. "Translation: you can't flirt your way through this class and you can charm your way around her like you can with everyone else. In other words, she's got you all figured out and you don't know how to deal with it."

Elroy thought for a moment. "She wears plaid flannel shirts and gets her hair cut at a barbershop."

"Ha. I'd love to meet her. She sounds like a smart woman."

"If you help me study, I'll take you shopping. Is it a deal?"

"I'm not sleeping with you, so get that out of your head," Kyle said.

This was making Elroy's head hurt. The more Kyle said no, the more he wanted him. "It's a deal, man."

Kyle agreed to go shopping as long as they went to discount department stores where clothes didn't cost a fortune. This passed Elroy by. If someone had offered to buy him new clothes he would have gone to the most expensive designer boutiques in Boston. When they walked into the discount store Kyle had chosen, Elroy looked around and rubbed his jaw. He'd never even been to a place like this. The people all seemed so downtrodden and dreary it depressed him. The lights were harsh, the floors scuffed, and the people who worked there wore name tags. For Elroy, these were stores people passed on their way to the good stores.

It turned out to be an education for Elroy. When he saw most of the clothing wasn't all that different from what he usually shopped for in more trendy shops, he went to work selecting simple classic things for Kyle. When he glanced at the price tag for a pair of beige chinos and saw they were only twenty-five dollars, he scratched his head and said, "I just paid two hundred bucks for a pair of pants just like this in Boston."

He wound up getting Kyle a few basic outfits he could wear anyplace without looking unusual, including a warm black pea coat and a few mock turtleneck sweaters. He would have bought him a few suits and ties and some formal wear but Kyle refused. He said he had no intention of going anywhere formal in the immediate future and when he did need something formal he would buy it himself. "I'm here to study and learn, not to run around trying to keep up with the most important social circles in Harvard," was how he'd put it. So Elroy found solid-colored polo shirts, faded jeans, and chinos without pleats. He didn't mention it to Kyle, but he liked the way the chinos hugged his ass. They made Elroy want to bang him even more. Along with the outfits he bought for Kyle, he wound up buying six pairs of pants for himself because he couldn't resist the prices.

While they were in the fitting room trying pants on, he offered to share a fitting booth with Kyle and help him change his pants. Kyle smiled and declined. But Elroy did have a little fun, to Kyle's chagrin. He couldn't resist the temptation. Kyle had finished trying on pants and he was waiting for Elroy outside the fitting room. While he waited, in a store filled with other people browsing through racks, Elroy walked out of the dressing room wearing nothing but a pair of tight red boxer briefs in front of everyone. The underpants were so tight his junk resembled a sack of walnuts. Kyle's back was to the fitting room entrance. Elroy walked up behind him in nothing but the red underwear, tapped him on the shoulder, and asked, "How do these look? Are they too tight?"

A woman pushing a baby stroller took one look at Elroy's junk, turned around fast, and walked in the other direction.

Two young guys in hoodies stopped and gaped for a moment.

One woman in her sixties giggled.

An older man with gray hair took one look at Elroy in the red underwear and licked his lips.

Another older guy carrying a man-purse tripped over his own feet and knocked over a necktie display.

Kyle turned and stared at him for a moment. With a deadpan expression, he looked Elroy up and down and said, "They make your dick look small."

Elroy sent him a smile and said, "I knew there was hope for you."

* * * * Later that same night, Elroy stepped out of the shower and said, "Put on that black T-shirt you got today and those tight jeans. We're meeting a couple of guys." He'd decided to spring this on him suddenly so he couldn't refuse. If Elroy had planned this ahead of time he knew Kyle would have found a way to back out.

Kyle was already in bed reading by then. He looked over the book and said, "I'm not going anywhere now. It's almost nine o'clock and I'm in for the night."

Elroy pulled the towel from around his neck and spread his legs. While he glanced down between his legs and dried off his dick, he said, "It's Saturday night and I've made plans for us." They'd stopped at a sushi bar on the way home from shopping to get something to eat. Elroy screamed when he heard Kyle had never had sushi before. He'd also never seen anyone eat that much sushi in one sitting. After his first California roll, Kyle gorged himself with everything from eel to shark. While Kyle was in the men's room of the sushi bar, Elroy phoned a couple of guys he knew and set up a date that night. They were twin brothers who never went anywhere alone. Both were gay, both were jocks, and both had been with Elroy already. Although they never had sex with each other, they seemed to be into having sex with the same guy. He figured if Kyle wasn't interested in him sexually there was no reason why they couldn't go out and have fun with other guys. But more than that, he wanted to see how Kyle reacted with other men.

"I'm not going anywhere," Kyle said. He turned on his side and glanced down at his book.

"Yes, you are. Get out of bed and get dressed. I told the guys I'd pick them up around nine thirty."

It took a while to convince Kyle to get dressed. Elroy had to promise they'd be home by one in the morning. Elroy could be persuasive that way and he eventually talked him into it.

The twins lived off-campus in an apartment building not far from the freshman residence. They were outside waiting next to the curb when Elroy pulled up in the silver Porsche 911. Though they didn't wear identical outfits, it was hard to tell one from the other. They both had short sandy blond hair cut in the same style, chunky football player bodies, and deep throaty voices. They even had the same thick chunky dicks.

"I'm not sure about this," Kyle said. "I haven't been out with anyone since I dated the guy from the restaurant. And I'm feeling strange. Maybe you should take me back and drop me off."

Elroy ignored him and waved his hand. "You'll be fine. These guys are fucking wild men." Then he opened the door and climbed out of the car.

He hugged the twin brothers and opened the passenger door where Kyle was sitting with his hands folded on his lap. He gestured to Kyle and said, "This is my buddy, Kyle. Kyle, these are my buddies, Cheever and Cleaver Weaver."

Kyle blinked.

Cheever extended his right hand and said, "Hey, man."

Cleaver stood in the background and waved. "Same here, man."

Before Kyle could reply, Elroy said, "Climb over and drive. I'm going to sit in the backseat with Cheever and you're going to sit up front with Cleaver." Then he grabbed Cleaver's hand by mistake and said, "It's nice and snug back there." There was barely room for one person in the backseat of the tiny sports car. He knew he'd wind up sitting on Cheever's lap.

But Cleaver said, "I'm not Cheever, I'm Cleaver."

Kyle rolled his eyes and climbed over the console.

Elroy laughed and said, "I guess I'll never be able to tell you guys apart." Then he grabbed Cheever's hand and pulled him into the backseat. He didn't mention it aloud, but he didn't really care whether it was Cheever or Cleaver. He couldn't tell the difference, and a dick was a dick.

When they were on the road, Kyle glanced into the rearview mirror and asked, "Where are we going? I think I'm getting a headache. I feel strange."

Elroy was sitting on big, strong Cheever's lap by then. He'd already opened a bottle of beer, his arms were around Cheever's shoulders, and his pants were open. Without looking up at Kyle, he said, "Just keep driving around for a while." Then he handed Cleaver a bottle of beer and turned to kiss Cheever.

Cleaver said, "Thanks, man." He opened the beer and offered some to Kyle.

Kyle shook his head. "I don't drink and drive."

Cleaver put his hand on Kyle's thigh and laughed. "That means more for me, bud."

By the time Elroy and Cheever had finished sharing their fourth beer in the backseat, Cheever's dick was out of his pants and Elroy's shoes, socks, and pants were on the floor. Elroy still had on his shirt, but Cheever's hands were in his new red underpants and he was trying to pull them down. Elroy didn't put up much of a fight either. He arched his back to make it easier. His tongue was too busy mingling with Cheever's to care about anything other than the nice big dick he was stroking with his right hand. He tended to get that way when he was making out with a man. He often lost track of everything going on around him.

The car came to a halt at a stoplight and Kyle said, "I'm tired of driving around. I have a headache and I'm not feeling well. I think we should pull over somewhere."

Elroy stopped kissing Cheever long enough to lift his head and look around. They were on a dark road somewhere he didn't recognize. To his left he saw woods; to his right he saw a dark strip mall. He gestured to the right and said, "Go over there to that parking lot, next to that big truck on the end. We can hang out there for a while. It looks safe." Then he bent over and licked a drop of pre-come off the tip of Cheever's dick.

Before the light turned green, Elroy was in Cheever's arms making out again. In the front passenger seat, Cleaver's pants were down and he was stroking his dick with one hand and holding the beer with the other. By the time Kyle pulled up next to the truck in the dark parking lot, Elroy's new red underpants were lying on top of the rest of his clothes on the floor. Elroy spread his legs as much as he could in that backseat and he was rubbing his ass on Cheever's dick. But when he started to grind his hips, Kyle said, "I'm not feeling good at all. I think I had too much sushi. It could be food poisoning."

Cheever slid his hands all the way down Elroy's back and grabbed his ass. "You'll be fine," Elroy said. "Open the window and take a deep breath." Oh, he wished he'd shut the fuck up and stop complaining for once.

Cleaver said, "He looks a little green, Kyle. I think he really is sick."

By that time Cheever was sucking Elroy's left nipple and probing his anus with his middle finger. Elroy opened his legs wider and said, "He just needs some fresh air. He'll be fine."

A minute or two later, right about the same time Cheever slipped his middle finger into Elroy's ass, Elroy heard a gulp, a groan, and a loud vulgar gag.

Cleaver opened the passenger door and jumped out of the car with his pants around his knees.

Poor Cheever pulled his finger out of Elroy's ass and made a face.

When Elroy turned to look at Kyle, he saw Kyle's head hanging out the window. His upper body heaved in an exaggerated way and he made sounds so painful and so wretched that poor Cheever pushed Elroy off his lap and jumped out of the car to join his twin brother. Cheever didn't even take time to put his dick back in his pants. Cheever must have had a sensitive stomach, because when he saw the way Kyle was vomiting up all the sushi he'd eaten, he wound up bent over with his hand to his stomach, vomiting all the beer he'd just downed on the other side of the car.

Elroy fell back against the seat and laughed so hard his right foot pushed his underwear beneath the front seat and he didn't find them until Monday morning when he had the entire car cleaned.

After that, Elroy helped Kyle into the back seat and he drove the twins back home. Poor Cheever's face had gone so pale he practically crawled out of the car. Cleaver had to help his twin brother climb the front stoop of the building where they lived. And Kyle was so exhausted he remained in the backseat all the way back to the school parking lot.

Elroy parked as close as he could to the sidewalk, and then he helped Kyle out of the backseat. When Kyle was standing, he put his arm around him and asked, "Are you okay, man?"

Kyle moaned and pressed his palm to his stomach. "I swear on my life there are three things I will never do again."

"What's that?"

"I'll never eat sushi unless I can see the ocean from the restaurant, I'll never go anywhere with twin brothers who have names that rhyme, and I'll never, ever go on a double date with you again, you fucking perv."

Elroy started to laugh again. "I'm just glad you stuck your head out the window and you didn't leave chunks all over my car."

"Oh, you're funny," Kyle said as he took a few steps forward. "You're a laugh a minute."

Elroy forced himself to stop laughing. But it wasn't easy. When he thought about the way Cheever had jumped out of the backseat so he could puke, he wanted to fall down and roll on the pavement. "I'll be good. I'll take good care of you."

"I'm sure you will," Kyle said. "You've already taken good care of me tonight. I can't believe Cheever pulled his dick out of his pants in the front seat. I don't even know the guy."

"Cleaver."

"Huh?"

"It was Cleaver in the front seat, not Cheever. I was with Cheever in the backseat."

Kyle sent him a dirty look. "I've never been this sick in my life."

Elroy clenched his fists and made a face so he wouldn't laugh. "I'll be good. I promise. I'll take you upstairs, put you to bed, and I'll make you a cup of tea and a great big raw octopus and sardine sandwich with some chunky red salsa."

When he started talking about food, Kyle turned sideways and leaned forward. He vomited again in the parking lot and Elroy laughed so hard this time he started to hiccup and didn't stop until they were up on their room.

Though Kyle tried to push him away, he rested Kyle on his bed and he removed his shoes. Kyle's entire body slumped forward from all that sudden regurgitation and he didn't protest when Elroy removed his pants and his shirt and covered him with the ugly black comforter with bright gold stars. When Kyle closed his eyes, Elroy kneeled down on the floor next to his bed. He caressed his cheek and kissed him goodnight. This time he turned things around and he rubbed Kyle's leg until he knew Kyle had reached that deep stage of sleep where he would remain for the rest of the night. Before Elroy went to his own bed, he kissed Kyle on the cheek one more time and sighed aloud. In a soft whisper, he said, "I'm trying to be careful. I really am."

Chapter Eleven

"What's your xtube name?" Elroy asked.

"My what?" said Kyle. "What's your username on xtube?" Elroy asked. He was sitting at a small desk next to his bed browsing through xtube videos on his laptop. They'd both slept late that Sunday morning, which was normal for Elroy but extremely out of character for Kyle. It was almost noon and Elroy was still in his underwear. Kyle hadn't even risen from his bed yet.

Kyle rubbed his eyes and moaned. He placed his palm to his forehead and said, "I have no idea what you're even talking about. My head is killing me. I'm sure I had food poisoning."

Elroy sent him a glance from across the room and shook his head. "I can't believe you don't know what xtube is, man. I thought every dude in the universe, gay or straight, knew what xtube was. Seriously, man. You need to get out more."

Though Kyle didn't seem interested in talking about anything that morning, he lifted his head from the pillow and said, "So what is it?"

Elroy glanced up at the ceiling and thought for a minute. He tapped his index finger against his chin as if he were about to debate an important topic. Then he turned to face Kyle and said, "Xtube is like YouTube, only X-rated. People put up videos of themselves all the time. They have accounts just like YouTube, and usernames. I guess you could say xtube is X-rated social media... like that fucking lame Facebook. And it's all free, too."

"It's homemade porn?" Elroy shrugged. "Some is homemade, some is professional. A lot of adult entertainment studios put up clips and samples all the time. But a lot of xtube is amateur. Once you get in there it's like this amazing new world, where one dirty link leads to another. You can get lost for hours."

Kyle rested his head on his pillow. "Are you on xtube?" "I have a few videos there," Elroy said. "My username is luvtoluvmen." Kyle groaned aloud and Elroy wasn't sure whether it was because he still felt sick or because of his cheesy username. Elroy knew it was a tacky name. But that's what xtube was all about: tacky, cheesy, naughty sex. Elroy figured if you couldn't have fun there, you might as well put on plaid shorts, wide suspenders, and join a goddamn polka band.

"You wanna see a few of my vids?" Elroy asked. Normally he would never have given out his username or private information like this. People who used xtube shared a discreet unspoken rule that whatever happened on xtube remained on xtube. But he felt close enough to Kyle by then to share this information with him. He knew Kyle would never tell anyone. Besides, Elroy's xtube videos with that username weren't all that dangerous. He didn't get into a lot of the hardcore amateur videos like other users. He basically did a strip show and walked around naked in his videos, and he did it alone, without headshots. But this wasn't Elroy's only xtube account. He had two more, with two different usernames, where he did get into more of the hardcore stuff. He never showed his face in these videos and he never shared that information with anyone.

"My head is killing me," Kyle said. "I think I'll pass on your artistic vids, thank you."

Elroy scratched his dick and said, "I have an idea. Why don't we set up an account for you, get you a username, and we'll make a jack vid together? I'll set up the web cam."

"You have to be joking," Kyle said. "Most people are on their way to church now. Please tell me you're not serious about this."

It seemed that no matter what he said to Kyle, it turned out to be an unintentional insult that wound up pissing him off. All Elroy wanted to do was have a little fun. It was Sunday morning; they had nothing to do. He didn't want to sit around in the room all day and read books. So he closed the computer and changed the subject. "Get dressed and let's go out to brunch. I'm starved."

In a lame attempt to be polite this time, Kyle lifted his head, groaned, and said, "I can't even move my legs without feeling pain. I've heard of food poisoning but I never thought it would be this bad. I don't want to think about food for the next month."

"Stop being so dramatic," Elroy said. He'd noticed Kyle always seemed to drag things out and in such a dramatic way. "Get dressed and we'll take a ride to the Cape. We don't have to eat. We can just walk around and look at the ocean."

"I can't even get out of bed," Kyle said. "I've never been this sick before."

Elroy was losing patience fast. He knew Kyle well enough by then to realize that no matter what he said, he couldn't win. He'd learned it was easier to pacify him and indulge his eccentric moods than it was to fight them. So he stood up and walked to the bathroom. "I'm gonna shower and get dressed. I need to eat, man. I'll see you later."

Kyle pulled the covers over his head and turned on his side.

A half hour later, Elroy grabbed his jacket and car keys and glanced at Kyle's bed. Did he have to look so pathetic and adorable at the same time? He was still on his side, in the same fetal position he'd been in before Elroy went into the bathroom. "I'm headed out now," Elroy said. "You need anything?"

Without moving, Kyle said, "If you could get me something for my stomach I'd appreciate it. We don't even have aspirin in here."

Kyle already had one foot out the door. He sent his roommate a backward glance and said, "Cool. I'll see you later." Then he shut the door without even waiting for Kyle to reply. He couldn't wait to get out of there. He'd never had much patience for sick people.

On the way down to the car, he couldn't remember if Kyle had asked for something for his stomach or for his head. He'd complained so much about headaches, Elroy wasn't sure. Elroy laughed when he thought about what Kyle really needed: something for his ass. A big fat bone would cure his headache once and for all.

Elroy had never had a headache in his life, and he couldn't even remember the last time he'd been sick to his stomach. Those pesky little illnesses other people talked about all the time never seemed to affect Elroy. He didn't catch colds and he would never understand people with those annoying allergies. Two weeks earlier he'd been sitting in a class next to a young woman who couldn't stop sneezing and sniffing. Her nose was red and her eyes were glazed. She'd apologized and explained she had allergies that time of year. Instead of sympathizing with her, he felt like kicking her in the ass. At the time, he'd smiled and said, "I think I'll sit somewhere else, then."

Instead of going for something to eat first, Elroy decided he'd drive over to see how the Weaver twins were doing. After all, he'd invited them out last night and Kyle had ruined the whole evening with his ridiculous vomiting. Elroy felt responsible and he didn't want Cheever and Cleaver to hold it against him. A guy didn't find two hot sexy identical twins like them every day of the week. He didn't want them to get mad at him for something he hadn't been able to control.

So he stopped at a bakery and bought Danish and doughnuts. He never ate shit like that but he figured they did. He didn't call first; he wanted to surprise them. He knew their car: a white Jeep with a black canvas top. When he pulled up to their building and saw the Jeep out front, he smiled and wondered if they were still in bed sleeping. Though they never had sex with each other, he knew they slept in the same bed every night. For some reason he found difficult to explain, thinking of them in the same bed always made him hard.

When he knocked on their door, Cleaver opened it and rubbed his eyes. "Hey, man. What's up?" He wore a plain white T-shirt that hugged his large chest, and tight white boxer briefs that created a huge lumpy bulge between his legs.

Elroy handed him the white bakery box and said, "I felt bad about last night, dude. I wanted to stop by and apologize for what happened. My buddy Kyle's a little quirky. He's nice guy, but sometimes he's a little eccentric."

Cleaver seemed apprehensive. He looked over Elroy's shoulder and asked, "Is he here with you?"

"No, ha-ha. He's home in bed with a headache."

Cleaver smiled and grabbed Elroy's hand. He pulled him into the apartment and set the white box on a small round table near a kitchenette. "We were sleeping. Cheever's still in bed."

Elroy reached up with both arms and laced his fingers together at the back of big, strong Cleaver's neck. He rubbed his chin against Cleaver's morning stubble and kissed him on the mouth. "Don't wake him up. I'll get undressed, we'll both get back into bed, and we'll surprise him with something very special this morning." He wasn't sure how Cleaver would respond to this. Though he'd been with these guys more than once since school had started, he worried they might still be mad at him for last night.

But Cleaver grabbed him by the waist and returned the kiss. This time his tongue went deeper and he pulled Elroy up against his body. When the kiss was over, he lowered his hand to Elroy's ass and said, "I think that sounds like a great idea."

Their apartment was an absolute mess. It smelled like a damp locker room and looked even worse. They'd left piles of dirty socks and underwear all over. There were half-finished bottles of beer on tables and they threw so many pairs of shoes and boots on the floor you had to look down and navigate with care. This didn't stop Elroy from taking off all his clothes and throwing them in a pile of jock straps, sweat socks, and athletic cups. The Weaver twins played football and worked part time at a restaurant. They were also full-time students so there was little free time to spend cooking and cleaning. Elroy didn't mind this in the least. The fact that the apartment was in this condition only seemed to make his experiences with them even dirtier and naughtier.

Even though it was after one o'clock, Cheever was still sleeping, on his stomach with his head facing the opposite direction. He wore nothing but light gray boxer shorts and he was on top of the covers. Cleaver had already climbed back into bed and he was waiting for Elroy to get undressed. By the time Elroy removed all his clothes and crawled between them, Cleaver had removed his white T-shirt and he was stroking his dick.

He hadn't removed his white briefs, but Elroy could see his erection showing through the thin stretchy fabric. It pointed to the right, and the head stopped close to his hip. The Weaver twins were jocks and they didn't shave their bodies completely. They trimmed their pubic hairs but left their legs natural. They weren't overly hairy; just normal guys with regular legs. Elroy liked to take his time in situations like this. He didn't like to rush things. So he rested his palms on Cleaver's thighs and buried his face between his legs.

This was one of those times when being a versatile top in bed could be an asset. Being a versatile top meant Elroy preferred to top, but didn't mind bottoming once in a while. For Elroy this versatility didn't so much depend on his moods. It depended more on the guys he was with at any given time. If Kyle hadn't been such a rigid, sexless creature, Elroy would definitely have been the top with him. Though he couldn't explain why, he knew he needed to fuck Kyle and take complete control in bed. It was different with the Weaver twins. He knew they were both tops, without a hint of versatility. They'd told him the first time he'd been with them they didn't get fucked and never would. He never minded this honesty. With the Weaver twins he wanted to be the bottom and he wasn't even sure why.

While Elroy's face was between Cleaver's legs, and while he chewed Cleaver's boxer briefs and inhaled the scent of his crotch, he felt a big, strong hand slid down his back and rest on his ass. He spread his legs wider and gobbled Cleaver's underwear faster. It was evident Cheever had discovered him in their bed and he wanted to get in on the action. Though they both tended to be rough and awkward in bed-in a good way-Cheever was the more aggressive of the two and he usually went right for Elroy's ass.

They remained this way for a while. Cleaver eventually pulled his dick out of his underwear and Elroy started sucking it. While he sucked, Cheever removed his gray boxers and he climbed on Elroy's back and dry humped him. He had a way of bucking his hips that made Elroy suck harder on Cleaver's dick. And Cheever liked to slide his erection up and down the crack of Elroy's ass in a teasing way that sent shivers through Elroy's entire body.

When they finally turned Elroy around, Cheever rested on his back and spread his legs. While Elroy swallowed his cock this time, Cleaver put on a pre-lubed condom and he started probing Elroy's hole with his fingers. It had been a while since Elroy had had anything up his ass and he was eager to get started. So he spread his legs and arched his back, inviting Cleaver to enter him. Elroy knew what to expect by then. These guys never talked; they never asked for permission. Cleaver opened a tube of lubricant and squeezed the tube over Elroy. When the cold lube hit the lips of Elroy's anus, Cleaver rubbed it around and slowly inserted his middle finger. Elroy had been sucking Cheever's dick. He stopped moving for a moment and moaned with Cheever deep in his mouth. Then Cheever slapped his ass and Cleaver inserted another finger.

After he inserted a third finger, Cleaver probed until he knew Elroy was ready to take him. They were articulate lovers in this sense; they never took anything for granted. Although they were eager to get off, they seemed just as concerned about Elroy's needs. When Cleaver removed his fingers, he did it slowly and concentrated on making gentle moves. After that, he grabbed Elroy's hips and mounted him the same way. The instant he slid into Elroy's body, Elroy closed his eyes and saw glittery flashes of light. These ridiculous flashes of light never lasted long; just a few seconds sometimes. But for that one instant, as ridiculous as they were, Elroy's entire body filled with the kind of ecstasy that rivaled his climax. The same thing happened to Elroy whenever he entered another man's body. Though it was hard to explain, it always felt as if that initial intimate contact with another human being, or that intimate bond, stimulated every nerve ending in his body.

When Cleaver started to buck with more energy, Elroy knew what would happen next. Elroy would remain on his hands and knees with his legs spread and his back arched. He would stop sucking Cheever and brace his hands and knees on the mattress so they could take turns on him. Though the twins never actually touched each other, they would line up behind Elroy and one would pull out and the other would enter. This would continue until one of them reached the point of climax and couldn't hold back any longer.

On that particular afternoon, it was Cheever who came first. He grunted and pulled Elroy into his pelvis as hard as he could. His entire body went rigid for a second, then he shuddered and filled the condom. After that, he pulled out and Cleaver took his turn. When Cleaver came it wasn't as dramatic and he didn't shudder or make a sound. But he forced himself so deeply into Elroy's body Elroy had to grab the sheets with one hand and balance himself so he wouldn't fall forward. He jacked his own dick with his other hand and they climaxed together.

By the time Cleaver pulled out, Cheever had already climbed off the bed and removed the condom. He'd tossed it on the floor and it had landed next to a sweat sock. While Cheever put on his boxer shorts, Cleaver removed his condom and threw it on the other side of the bed. That one landed on the floor, not far from one of his athletic cups.

Elroy smiled and crawled out of bed next. His legs were a little sore and his hips felt bruised from the way they'd grabbed him. While they went to the table and opened the box with doughnuts and Danish, Elroy crossed to where he'd removed his clothes and started to get dressed. He knew there would be no emotional kisses or hugs. They were already stuffing their faces with doughnuts. The Weaver twins were fuck buddies and he didn't expect them to remain in bed and cuddle after sex.

They did ask him if he wanted coffee or a doughnut, but he declined. He'd glanced at the clock while Cleaver had been fucking him and he'd seen it was almost three in the afternoon. Elroy needed real food now, not doughnuts. He couldn't stop thinking about the Greek place in Boston he'd found earlier in the semester. They had the best gyros he'd ever eaten. So he kissed the Weaver twins goodbye and said, "See you around, guys."

Cleaver swallowed his doughnut and said, "Thanks, buddy." He waved at him with one hand and scratched his balls with the other.

Cheever walked him to the door and patted his ass. Then he kissed him goodbye and said, "Don't be a stranger. Stop by any time you want."

After that, Elroy drove to Boston and went to the Greek restaurant. Then he decided to walk around for a while and look at the shops. By the time he returned to Harvard it was seven in the evening. He found Kyle still in bed wearing the same gray sweatsuit he'd been wearing when Elroy had left earlier that day. He tossed his keys on the bed and smiled at Kyle. He hadn't felt this satisfied in a long time. "What did you do today?" he asked Kyle.

Kyle sat up and glared at him. "What do you think I did today? I stayed in bed. I've never been in such pain in my life."

Elroy shrugged and said, "That's too bad, man." There was nothing he could do about it.

"I waited for you to bring me something for my stomach and finally gave up," Kyle said. "After two hours, I figured you weren't coming back so I fell asleep."

Elroy smacked his forehead and said, "Fuck. I knew I forgot something. You wanted cough drops or something."

Kyle closed his eyes and shook his head. "I wanted something for my stomach, not cough drops."

"Oh yeah," Elroy said. "I remember. I'll go out now and get something." He really didn't remember. He must have been thinking about something else at the time.

"Don't bother," Kyle said. "I'm feeling better now."

Why did Kyle always make him feel guilty? He hated feeling guilty; no one ever had this kind of power over him. "Are you hungry?"

"I was just going to get dressed and get something," Kyle said.

"Let me take you somewhere," Elroy said. "I know this great little Greek place in Boston." He felt so bad now he wanted to hug him. But he knew if he did Kyle would probably kick him in the balls.

"I just want something light, maybe soup and toast," Kyle said.

"I'll take you to a diner I know."

"I should tell you to go fuck yourself," Kyle said. "You left me here to rot all day alone. I only asked for something for my stomach, not the world. But I don't feel like walking far and you have a car."

Elroy walked over and put his arm around him. "I'm sorry. I'm an asshole. I should have remembered. Let me make it up to you now. I'll take you anywhere you want. I'll buy you the world if you want it."

Kyle shrugged and said, "I don't want the world. I just want soup and toast, you idiot. Let me change my clothes."

"You don't need to change," Elroy said. "You look fine the way you are." He truly meant this. There was something about seeing him in that old gray sweatsuit that made Elroy feel comfortable and safe.

"I look awful," Kyle said.

Though Kyle's arms were at his side and he wasn't responding to anything Elroy did, Elroy hugged him and said, "I think you look wonderful. In fact, no one has ever looked this good, or will ever look this good again."

Kyle gave him a gentle shove and he stepped back. But this time he smiled and said, "You are so full of shit."

Chapter Twelve

In the end of October, there was a huge costume party. A wealthy young gay guy from Newport was throwing it. He'd rented a room in one of the most exclusive hotels in Boston and the guests were all required to attend in costume-preferably drag. Every openly gay man Elroy knew had been invited to this party, including Kyle. They were coming in from as far away as San Francisco. He'd heard two were coming from Berlin.

The only one who hadn't been invited to this party was Elroy, and he'd been fuming about this for days. The gay guy throwing the party, Edwin Sutton, had been one of Elroy's classmates at boarding school a few years earlier. Portly bowtied Edwin ate too many carbs, was prematurely bald, stood about five feet two inches in shoes, and spoke with a lisp. He had the smallest feet Elroy had ever seen and his left eye cocked to the right, which gave the impression he could never look anyone in the eye. Whenever he took off his shirt and his man-tits started to flop, Elroy always felt a pain in his gut. The only thing more offensive than all this was when he removed his pants: his dick was so small it looked as if an acorn had been glue-gunned to a set of balls. At certain angles what he had between his legs looked more like a vagina than a dick. Elroy had taken gym glasses with him and he'd seen all this personally in the locker room.

But Edwin Sutton had one thing that drew people to him in droves: old money. He wasn't as wealthy as Elroy and he didn't have billions. But his family had come over on the fucking Mayflower and he knew how to use his prosperity in order to get whatever he wanted. Elroy was never quite sure where his old money came from. Some said he was the heir to a toothpick fortune; others said his great-great-grandfather had invented electrical extension cords. Most of this was rumor and Elroy had never been able to pinpoint exactly where Edwin Sutton's money came from. But it didn't really matter to Elroy because he'd always considered Edwin to be the most offensive human being ever to grace the Earth. Elroy cringed just watching him walk, with his tiny feet splayed east/west, bouncing on the tips of his toes.

These feelings were mutual. Edwin Sutton would see Elroy walking through Harvard Yard and he would turn his head in an overly dramatic way and pretend he didn't even see him. If they were standing next to each other, Elroy would turn his back on Edwin and pretend he didn't see him. This vitriol went all the way back to a cold night in January when they were in boarding school. Hideous Edwin had become infatuated with a sweet young blond guy from Vermont. He'd bought the blond guy clothes and jewelry, and he'd taken him on vacations to Europe. He would have done anything for this sweet guy-until he caught him in bed with Elroy that cold January night. Elroy and the blond guy were in Edwin Sutton's bed, naked. From a distance, it looked as if they might have been playing leap frog, with the blond on the bottom. They thought Edwin was spending the weekend in Newport with his family. They had no idea he'd returned early because of impending inclement weather.

After Elroy got caught fucking the blond boy ass, Edwin would never speak to Elroy again. So this wasn't the first time Elroy had been overlooked for one of his parties. Elroy had come to expect it and he didn't mind in the least. But when Elroy found out Kyle had been invited to the big costume party that October, and that Kyle was going in drag, he wanted to find Edwin Sutton's newest blond boyfriend-he went for the same type-and sleep with him just to get even.

On the night of the party, Elroy remained in his bed staring up at the ceiling while Kyle rushed around in the bathroom, putting on his costume. Elroy had nowhere to go that night. Even the Weaver twins had been invited; they were going as football players. Not all that original, but they looked great in football gear and no one would mind.

When Kyle stepped out of the bathroom in full drag, Elroy sat up in bed and gaped at him. He sat there shaking his head, and said, "Unbelievable."

"What?" Kyle said. "Do I look dumb? Are people going to laugh at me? I feel dumb. I've never done anything like this before. I knew it was a mistake." Elroy moved to the edge of his bed and looked him up and down. "You look fine, seriously." Elroy thought he looked too good. Although it was obvious he was a man in drag, there was something so sexy about him that night Elroy wanted to bend him over. He wore a short, tight black dress that hugged his body and made his ass round out. It was so short he had to keep pulling the stretchy material down whenever he moved. He'd shaved his entire body and his long smooth legs looked good enough to lick for hours. The black high heels he wore only made his legs look even tastier.

"I feel so stupid," Kyle said. "I knew this was a mistake." He glanced into a mirror on his dresser and sighed.

Elroy climbed out of bed and crossed to where he stood. He put his hand up the tight dress and said, "I think you look naughty. You should stay here with me tonight instead of going to that boring party. Edwin Sutton's parties always suck." This was true. Elroy had heard all about Edwin's parties from other people. Portly Edwin always grabbed a microphone and sang Madonna songs and tacky show tunes at his parties. The only thing more offensive than his looks was his voice.

Kyle smacked Elroy's hand and pulled his dress down. "Stop that, you perv." He didn't shout. He actually smiled.

"Seriously," Elroy said. "You look hot, man." Kyle had recently stopped wearing glasses and he was wearing his new contact lenses. He'd done this at Elroy's suggestion, only he'd had a hard time getting used to wearing contacts. Elroy reached up and grabbed his fake breasts. They weren't huge obnoxious fake breasts; just a perky little handful. He squeezed the left one and laughed. "Stay here and you'll have a lot more fun with me."

Kyle smacked his hand again and smiled. "Stop that, you idiot. It took me a long time to get these things even." He pushed Elroy away and glanced at the mirror to check out his fake tits to make sure they were still even.

Elroy noticed he wasn't wearing much makeup; just lipstick, some powder, and false eyelashes. Elroy knew he would be wearing a black velvet mask with gold trim, so he probably figured the makeup wouldn't be that important to the costume. The long black wig covered a good deal of his face and it complemented his soft gentle features well. He seemed to have gone for all the details, but in an understated way. His fake red fingernails weren't too long and his gold hoop earrings were almost invisible. Although Elroy had never been into transgendered men or guys in drag, he felt so unusually excited about seeing Kyle in that tight dress he reached down again and put his hand up the back of the dress.

Kyle gave him a shove this time and laughed. "Stop that, Elroy. You're making me nervous."

Elroy fell back on Kyle's bed and said, "At least you could have worn underwear." This time his hand had gone up his dress higher and he'd grabbed Kyle's bare ass. He never would have guessed that the first time he would grab Kyle's ass, Kyle would be wearing a dress.

"I don't want panty lines," Kyle said, in his usual deep masculine voice. "I'm wearing a thong, a good strong thong. And the thong keeps my junk from sticking out."

Elroy got up and went back to his own bed. He sat on the edge and looked down at his feet. Though he didn't care about not getting invited to one of Edwin Sutton's revolting parties, he would have liked to have gone to this one with Kyle dressed up this way.

Kyle must have sensed something wrong. Normally he would have been on the defensive with Elroy in a situation like this, but that night he walked over to Elroy's bed and glanced down at him. "What are you doing tonight?"

Elroy had a feeling Kyle felt guilty about going to a party to which Elroy had not been invited. So he sighed and said, "I'll just sit here alone tonight. I'll be fine. You go and have fun."

Someone knocked on the door and said, "Are you ready?" Kyle had mentioned a group of people were picking him up and they were all going in the same car.

"I'll be right out," Kyle said. He walked over to a small table near the door and picked up a black evening bag he'd borrowed from a girl in his chemistry class. "You should just go out like you normally do on weekends. There's no reason for you to sit in here alone all night."

"You don't have to feel bad for me," Elroy said. "I'll be okay alone. I'm a big boy." He spoke in a soft, dejected tone, hoping to make Kyle feel even guiltier for leaving him all alone.

Kyle hesitated at the door. "Are you sure you're okay?"

Elroy sighed again and looked up at him. He sent him a pathetic glance and said, "I'm fine. Go on. They're all waiting for you."

"You're sure?"

He was hoping Kyle would change his mind about going to the party and stay home with him. The things he would do to Kyle in that dress and those high heels raced through his filthy mind. For Elroy it wasn't about whether or not Kyle could pass as a woman. He couldn't pass, which was more than evident. The sexual attraction was more about how hot Kyle looked as a man in women's clothing. "I'm sure. I'll be okay. I don't want you to feel bad about me. Just go and have fun."

Kyle shrugged and said, "Okay. I'll see you later." Then he opened the door, joined his friends in the hall, and didn't even give Elroy a backward glance.

After he'd gone, Elroy sat there staring at the door for a minute. He thought for certain he'd be able to guilt trip Kyle into missing the party. When he realized he didn't have as much control over Kyle as he thought he'd had, he got out of bed, went to the closet, and changed his clothes. There was no way he'd stay home alone that night, not with Kyle out having the time of his life in a mini-dress and no underwear. Fuck Kyle, fuck Edwin Sutton, and fuck the goddamn party.

* * * * Elroy didn't want to be seen anywhere in Boston that night. If anyone did see him alone in a bar in Boston they would report back to Edwin Sutton and that fat little fucker would enjoy this too much. So he put on tight jeans, a tight black T-shirt, and drove to the Cape instead. He knew Halloween weekend in Provincetown would be filled with good-looking young men from all over the east coast. He figured if he was really lucky, he might even meet a nice gay couple looking for a threeway. He knew plenty of gay couples who went to Provincetown just for threeways. They would all claim they went for the shops, the beaches, the whale-watching, and the restaurants. But they really went there for the dick.

When he pulled onto Commercial Street, he found a parking spot near the post office, a comfortable walking distance from the bars. He reached under the seat and pulled out his trusty old handicapped card and hung it from the rearview mirror. Provincetown had the worst parking anywhere and Elroy hated to walk too far for anything. The best parking spaces were handicapped only, located in the center of town. He'd applied for a handicapped card after breaking his leg in a skiing accident two years earlier. At the time, he'd needed it to get around. After his leg healed he got so used to parking in handicapped spaces he decided to hold on to it for as long as he could. And it wasn't as though Provincetown was filled with crippled people. Most of the time the handicapped spaces were all empty anyway and he hated to see them go to waste.

He went to one bar closer to the East End of town and didn't see anything interesting. He was glad he'd worn his black leather jacket that night. The sea breeze there made it cooler than in Boston. After he left the first bar, he walked down Commercial Street with his hands in his pockets, staring down at the sidewalk. Everyone seemed to be with a group; no one walked alone. Many were wearing outrageous Halloween costumes that had glitter, feathers, and high heels. Most were high camp; some were downright hideous. Those who weren't walking around in groups were couples walking hand in hand. He glanced at one couple kissing outside the drugstore and thought about Kyle at Edwin Sutton's party. Without warning, a feeling of doom passed through his body and he couldn't seem to shake it.

At a bar in the middle of town, on a small side street off Commercial Street, he paid his cover fee and walked to the end of a long bar and ordered a beer. This bar was the oldest one in town; he'd been there before and he knew the dance floor was uneven and lopsided. The music played too loud and people had to shout over each other in order to be heard. When he glanced at the annoying mob on the dance floor jumping up and down, with their arms waving above their empty gay heads, the same feeling of doom he'd experienced earlier grew even more intense. They all seemed to know each other. No one seemed remotely interested in cruising. Elroy had experienced this before, especially in Provincetown, and he started to think he'd made a huge mistake by driving all this way. When single gay men travel in groups they tend to stick together and they don't allow their friends to know they are cruising. Or they are usually too intimidated to cruise other men. And they all wind up going home alone at the end of the night, so they can complain the next day to their best girlfriends about how they didn't get laid. Elroy didn't feel like playing games that night. He didn't want to make new friends or bond with a bunch of queens in bad costumes. He wanted dick.

The air in the bar was thick and it smelled of old wine and cheap cologne. These were the times he missed smoking in bars. He moved closer to the end of the bar and leaned back on his elbows to watch the dance floor. But when he lifted the beer to take a drink, someone banged into his elbow and knocked the bottle right out of his hand.

A man touched his shoulder and said, "I'm sorry, dude. Someone pushed me into you. This place is so fucking mobbed. Let me buy you another."

Elroy's first instinct was to push him back. But he glanced at the man still touching his shoulder and said, "No problem." He had to shout over the music, and even then he couldn't hear his own voice. Then a big drag queen with a bad red wig bumped into him and he wanted to give her a shove right back. He would have shoved her if he'd been alone. But he continued to smile because he didn't want this guy to think the worst of him.

The man leaned forward so he could speak into Elroy's ear without shouting. "What were you drinking, buddy?"

He didn't sound girly; a good sign. Elroy sent him an innocent look and shrugged. This time he reached up and rested his palm on the man's chest and spoke into his ear. "Just beer." He hadn't expected this turn of events. The guy had thick black wavy hair, steel blue eyes, and just the right amount of dark stubble. He was one of the ten other people in the bar not wearing a Halloween costume. He wore a white button-down shirt under a brown leather jacket and jeans.

The guy set one hand on Elroy's back and motioned for the bartender with the other, and he bought Elroy another beer. He handed it to him and spoke into his ear again. This time his lips touched Elroy's ear. "Here you go, man. I'm Ricky." His deep voice made Elroy's knees weak.

Elroy took the beer and smiled. He leaned forward and said, "I'm Mike." Elroy never used his real name in places like this when he was cruising for men. He knew this would be nothing more than a one-night stand and he didn't want to take any chances with his real name. If a guy asked for his phone number later, Elroy would give him a fake one. It was the kind thing to do to with men who might wind up becoming too needy. He'd used the name Mike many times. It was as easy to remember as it was to forget.

Chapter Thirteen

The moment they stepped onto Commercial Street, Elroy noticed the gold wedding band on Ricky's finger. It had been too dark to see it inside the bar. He figured Ricky had taken a short vacation from his regular life that night. Elroy didn't ask any questions, and he pretended not to notice the ring. The ring spoke for itself louder than anything Ricky could have said. Elroy knew if Ricky had wanted to hide it he could have.

Ricky placed his hand with the gold wedding band on Elroypretending-to-be-Mike's back and led him down the street. Even though versatile top Elroy had been in the mood to top that night, he wasn't about to ignore this good-looking man on a mere technicality-the wedding band or the top issue. And Ricky was all man, indeed. From his scruffy dark beard to his large strong hands. That fat little fuck back in Boston, Edwin Sutton, would have given handsome Ricky a bank account in his own name just to sniff his underwear.

As they walked toward the West End of town, Ricky asked, "Where are you parked?" They'd already established the basics inside the bar. Ricky knew Elroy had driven down from Boston and Elroy knew Ricky had a room for the night at a local bed-anbreakfast. He didn't know where Ricky lived and he didn't ask. It didn't really matter to him.

When Ricky asked this, they were approaching Elroy's car near the post office. Elroy felt a quick surge of panic because he'd parked in a handicapped spot and he wasn't visibly handicapped. If this guy was the socially responsible, politically correct type, he might frown on this. So Elroy shrugged and said, "Not far from here. Where are you spending the night?" He'd learned early changing the subject fast had its advantages.

"Up on Carver Street," Ricky said. "I didn't decide to come here until this morning. It's not the best place in town, but it was hard to book anything this weekend on such short notice with so many people in town."

They were only a few blocks from Carver Street. Elroy rested his palm on Ricky's stomach and yawned. He wanted to go back to his room with him. "You were lucky to get a room at all. I wish I'd booked something. I'm exhausted." To make this clear he yawned again and said, "I'd love to just get naked and stretch out in bed."

Ricky's hand went lower and he patted Elroy's ass without caring about passersby. He laughed and said, "I hope you're not too tired to see my room. If you are I'll understand."

Elroy knew he was teasing. He arched his back a little and leaned into Ricky's side, encouraging Ricky's hand to go lower. "I think I can stay awake long enough to see your room." Then he stopped walking, turned to face Ricky in the middle of Commercial Street, and kissed him on the mouth right in front of a group of homely young gay guys all in bad drag.

They kissed so long in the middle of the street that one of Provincetown's local taxi services had to honk to get them to move. Ricky grabbed Elroy's hand and pulled him to the sidewalk. They laughed while the nasty little Provincetown taxi driver shouted, "Get a fucking room." This wasn't unusual in Provincetown, Massachusetts. The queens who went there had more attitude than any other place on the planet, and those who lived and worked there despised the tourists in spite of the fact that these tourists paid their bills. Even the drag queens were mean-and not very well turned out. It was one of the reasons Elroy had always felt so comfortable there. He didn't have to pretend to be polite. He could be even nastier than they were because he could buy and sell them all.

After that, Ricky led him up to where Carver Street crossed Bradford. The lobby of the old broken-down hotel reminded Elroy of a time capsule from the 1980s, with potted palms, large wicker chairs, and threadbare carpets in pink and blue. The paint on the woodwork was chipped and the hardwood floors buckled and squeaked. Though Elroy was not familiar with this bedband-breakfast, he had heard rumors about it. This was the kind of place in Provincetown that didn't change the soap in the bathrooms or the sheets on the beds between guests.

On the way upstairs they passed a painfully thin young man who wore his hair too short for his large nose. A good meal would have done him good; longer hair would have created a miracle. They were still holding hands. The young man gaped at them, turned to see where they were going, and didn't move until he saw them shut the door to Ricky's room and lock it. If Ricky had left the door open, the big-nosed young man probably would have joined them without an invitation. Elroy had also heard this was the kind of place where men left the doors to their rooms wide open, hoping someone will join them.

The room turned out to be even more dismal than the jaded palm tree lined lobby. The bed, although painted black now, reminded Elroy of that hideous 1950s mass-produced red mahogany furniture that had once belonged to someone's grandmother, and now some poor deluded soul thought it was an antique when it was nothing more than old used goods. The bedspread was even worse: a threadbare chenille affair with pink and blue flowers that could have belonged to someone's great-grandmother. The white walls had yellowed with time, the hardwood floors were stained and scratched, and the sheer white curtains on the window had turned a pale shade of gray. And it smelled of dust and damp towels. Elroy shuddered to think about what he'd find if he looked under the bed or behind the tables.

This wasn't the first time Elroy had been in a sleazy hotel room and it wouldn't be the last. Although he never would have booked a room like this for himself, being there with a guy like Ricky only made the experience more exciting. He didn't even wait for Ricky to make the first move. When they entered, Ricky said he had to use the bathroom. Elroy smiled and said, "I'll be here when you get back." Before Ricky had a chance to shake his dick and flush the toilet, Elroy's clothes were piled on a green vinyl Danish modern chair.

When Ricky stepped out of the bathroom, Elroy was already on someone's grandmother's painted bed-sprawled out naked, face down, with his legs spread. He sent Ricky a backward glance and said, "I hope you don't mind if I get comfortable." There were few thrills he enjoyed more than getting naked for a man he'd just met.

Ricky had already begun to pull off his shoes by then. As he struggled with his socks, he said, "Fuck no, man." When Ricky was naked, he climbed on top of Elroy and wrapped his arms around Elroy's shoulders. He didn't seem shy about what he wanted. He pinned Elroy to the bed and started to buck his pelvis immediately. Elroy submitted by spreading his legs a little more and turning his head so they could kiss. Each time Ricky's dark stubble brushed against Elroy's cheek, a surge of energy caused his scrotum to tighten. The worst, most hideous possible way to describe his feelings when he was with men like Ricky would have been to say he felt cute electric tingles, or that he felt something melty and warm inside his body. The best way to describe how he felt with men like Ricky would have been to say his whole fucking body exploded with dirty raw passion and he couldn't seem to get enough no matter how hard he tried.

Ricky maintained control without trying hard. After he'd pinned Elroy face down for a while he turned Elroy around and pinned him on his back. This time Elroy's legs opened wider and he lifted them up in the air. He rubbed his heels across Ricky's hips and his toes curled back in an exaggerated way he couldn't have controlled if he'd tried. So many of the things he did in bed with men were instinctive and didn't call for concentration. Like the way he threw his arms back over his head when handsome scruffy Ricky started to suck on his nipples. Elroy had a nice defined chest; he spent more time on his chest muscles at the gym than any other part of his body because he knew men liked big chests. He also had slightly larger nipples that most men seemed to enjoy. Ricky seemed to like them because he sucked on them for a long time.

Though careers and personal information didn't matter one way or the other to Elroy because he would probably never see Ricky again after this night, he figured Ricky worked with his hands, in construction or something blue collar. When he squeezed Elroy's chest muscles or caressed parts of Elroy's body, Elroy could feel the hard, rough calluses on his palms. Each time those calluses touched the softest spots between Elroy's legs he felt that same dirty thrill surge through his body again. Ricky was an aggressive lover who seemed to want to touch and squeeze everything. This highly charged feeling grew so strong at times Elroy had to concentrate on his breathing. He gasped more than once and found himself moaning louder than he normally would have with a strange man. But more than that, the plus side to being a versatile top man for Elroy was that he knew how to be a good top man in bed. From Elroy's personal experience, Ricky did to Elroy exactly what Elroy would have done to someone else if he'd been the top man that night.

After what seemed like an unlimited stream of foreplay Elroy didn't want to end, Ricky turned onto his back in the middle of the bed and spread his hairy legs. He grabbed the back of Elroy's head and pushed it between his legs. Elroy inhaled his scent and closed his eyes. With both of Ricky's hands on the back of his head, Elroy opened his mouth and buried them between Ricky's legs. He sucked the deepest areas-his favorite part of a man's body-inhaling his masculine scent each time he took a deep breath. When he finished doing this on the left side of Ricky's groin, he went to right side and repeated what he'd just done. After that, he devoured everything else down there. Ricky had those low-hanging testicles: more than a mouthful.

At one point, right after Elroy released Ricky's balls to take a deep breath, Ricky grabbed Elroy's face with one hand and smacked his dick against Elroy's cheek with the other. Ricky held his jaw with pressure; for a moment it hurt. But when Elroy realized the length of Ricky's dick was longer than the side of his own face, he forgot all about the discomfort and opened his mouth.

He sucked until his neck hurt. His lips went numb and his heart pounded. Through all this, Elroy remained fully erect and on the verge of climax. Ricky remained on his back, with his hands pressed tightly to the sides of Ricky's head, forcing Elroy to go down on him in the kind of aggressive way Elroy didn't see often. Even Elroy wouldn't have been that aggressive in bed. In the beginning, most guys were usually more careful; they treated Elroy with caution as if they were afraid that if they got too rough, he might reject them. But not Ricky. He didn't seem to care one way or the other. Elroy had a feeling Ricky was the kind of guy who would have just finished himself off and been satisfied if Elroy had rejected him. Unlike so many others Elroy had met, he wasn't a needy man. For some reason Elroy had not figured out-and he wasn't sure if he ever would-that made the experience with Ricky even more compelling.

When Elroy finally sucked Ricky to the point of climax, Ricky grabbed the back of Elroy's head and said, "Get down on your back and lift up your legs." He made no attempt to suck Elroy's dick, or to do anything else that would have been considered submissive in bed. He drew the line clearly without even saying a word.

Elroy learned a few things about being a better top man from Ricky. It was then, that very night in this hideous hotel room with the bad grandma furniture, when Elroy would realize good sex didn't always have to be too emotional or involve true love. Oh, they don't tell people that on TV shows or in the movies; it's a secret they like to keep hidden and no one is really ever sure why. Although Elroy would have preferred to have been fucking Kyle in a dress that night instead of getting fucked by a big dark stranger named Ricky he'd just met at a bar, he had to be honest about his true feelings. He learned unemotional sex with a man like Ricky could rock his world almost as much as emotional sex with someone he truly cared about. Though it wasn't as good, it was better than being alone.

Ricky put on a lubricated condom and Elroy lifted his legs. Before Ricky entered him, he glanced down between Elroy's legs with his lips pursed and opened him up with two fingers. This was the only time that night Ricky moved with hesitation, probing with his fingers as if he were uncertain about what he was going to do next. He even stopped at one point. He'd just shoved his fingers as far into Elroy as he could get them and he looked into Elroy's eyes. His eyebrows went up and he said, "You okay?"

By that time Elroy's could barely hear him. His eyes were so far back in his head he could barely speak. He nodded and spoke in a wrecked, breathless voice. "I'm fine."

Ricky removed his fingers and shoved a pillow under Elroy's lower back. A second later, he grabbed Ricky's ankles and mounted him slowly. They remained in this position for a long time. Ricky began with slow moves, but in time he bucked and moved so fast Elroy wondered if grandma's old mahogany bed could stand all this abuse. It cracked and rocked and wobbled. Ricky seemed to have a reserve of energy most top men didn't have, not even Elroy. He never grew tired, and he never seemed to have trouble finding a good position.

When handsome Ricky finally released Elroy's ankles, he stopped for a moment and lowered his head to Elroy's so they could kiss again. It was the position in which they would remain for the next hour: Ricky on top, making out and fucking at the same time. As a bottom, Elroy had always been agile in the sense that he could keep his legs up, bent at the knee, without experiencing any discomfort at all. From his personal experiences as a top, Elroy hated it when the bottom complained, or when the bottom seemed to be uncomfortable. This could ruin the moment entirely. He made sure that whenever he bottomed, he never made this mistake.

By the time Ricky came that night, he plunged into Elroy and remained motionless for a moment. He didn't shudder, grunt, or vibrate. They were kissing at the time. Their tongues remained locked together and it felt as if Ricky had stopped breathing. This allowed Elroy enough time to reach under Ricky's body and get himself off while Ricky was still deep inside him. And when this happened, Elroy's legs went so far up in the air he thought he'd pulled a hamstring.

When Ricky's body finally relaxed, he rested on top of Elroy and they kissed for a few more minutes. Elroy wrapped his legs around Ricky's hips and locked his ankles together at the small of Ricky's back. Although they weren't in love with each other and Elroy knew deep down they never would be, it occurred to Elroy he'd discovered yet another level of emotion that night he hadn't been aware of. That night he learned about the kind of sexual emotion that comes without pretense or judgment and can be as real as any other emotion a human being can experience.

After Ricky pulled out and removed the condom, he loped to the bathroom in his bare feet and left Elroy in the middle of the bed. Elroy glanced at the clock and saw it was almost four in the morning. If he left now he wouldn't get back to Boston until daylight. He had to admit the thought of falling asleep in handsome Ricky's arms made him smile. There was something about the combination they created that felt dirty and raw and exciting in a way Elroy didn't experience often. It wasn't love; he knew it wouldn't lead to anything of great significance. But it wasn't a bad thing either.

So he climbed out of bed and joined Ricky in the bathroom. He found him standing at the sink, brushing his teeth. He wrapped his arms around Ricky's waist and waited for him to finish.

When Ricky glanced into the cloudy bathroom mirror at Elroy's reflection he said, "You can stay all night if you want. I don't have to be out of the room until noon tomorrow."

Elroy knew he wasn't asking because he wanted to get to know him better. Ricky wanted the same thing Elroy wanted: more sex in the morning. Tonight, at this particular time in his life, it was fine with Elroy. This was the first time he'd remained out all night since he'd been roommates with Kyle and he couldn't wait to see the look on Kyle's face when he walked into their room tomorrow afternoon wearing the same clothes he'd worn the day before.

Chapter Fourteen

The next morning Elroy, pretending to be Mike, climbed on top of Ricky and straddled his waist. There was no foreplay this time. Elroy grabbed a condom from the nightstand, covered Ricky, and rode it for the next half hour. They came within seconds of each other, with Ricky shouting the name Mike aloud.

After that, they fell asleep for two more hours. When they woke up again and saw it was after eleven o'clock, they jumped into the shower and Elroy gave Ricky a blow job that caused Ricky's knees to bend.

When Ricky checked out of the bed-and-breakfast, he walked Elroy to the street and said, "I had fun." Then he put his arms around him and kissed him in front of two middle-aged women in plaid flannel shirts walking a large gray poodle.

This kiss shocked Elroy because it wasn't just a simple kiss goodbye. This was the kind of kiss where two people can't get enough of each other. When it was over, Elroy stepped back and asked, "Are we going to keep in touch?" He hesitated for a moment before he asked this question. He knew this was when men like them typically parted in different directions without looking back. Though he had no strong emotional connection to Ricky, the sexual energy they shared was far too exciting to ignore.

Ricky rubbed his jaw and looked down at the sidewalk. "Do you want to?"

Elroy shrugged and said, "I don't see how it can hurt."

So they exchanged phone numbers and went in different directions. Elroy normally would have given out a fake phone number to a man he'd just met in a bar. This time he decided to take a chance and give out his real number. The sex they'd shared had been so intense he wanted to know there might be more in the future. He suspected Ricky was married, either to a man or a woman, and it occurred to him that Ricky might have given him a fake phone number just to get rid of him. Elroy had experienced this before with other men. It was how he'd learned how to do it. So he decided to play it safe and not call Ricky first. He would let Ricky take control of this situation, and if Ricky wanted to see him again he would have to make the first phone call.

When Elroy returned to his room at Harvard, he found Kyle in bed reading a math book. It was late afternoon and he hadn't eaten anything all day and his stomach was rumbling.

Kyle looked up from his book and said, "So, there you are. I almost started to worry."

Elroy plopped into his back and asked, "Did you miss me?" He didn't ask about the party. It still bothered him he hadn't been invited and he didn't want to know the details.

Kyle glanced down at his book and rolled his eyes. "I couldn't sleep, eat, or think straight the entire time you were gone. You're all I think about every waking moment of the day."

Elroy ignored his sarcasm. "I think I'm in lust."

"You're in love."

"Not in love," Elroy said. "I'm in lust with a guy I met in Provincetown last night."

Kyle set the book down this time and sat up in bed. "You went all the way to P'town last night?"

Elroy shrugged. "It's not that far. And I needed to do something different. Turns out I made a good choice, too. I met a guy who knows how to rock the world. I'm not kidding, man. If you saw what this guy did to me you'd drop dead."

If Elroy had been paying attention to Kyle's serious expression he would have seen Kyle turn away and make a face. But Elroy never paid attention to anyone's feelings. He continued to talk about the sexual energy and how Ricky had done things to him no one had ever done.

At one point, right before Elroy started to talk about the way Ricky had fucked him, Kyle lifted both arms and said, "I don't want to hear any more. Too much information. I don't need graphic details, thank you."

Elroy sat up in his bed and smiled. He wanted Kyle to know all about the passionate night he'd spent with Ricky. But he didn't want to piss him off totally. "I'm just not sure I'm going to see him again."

"I'm in shock," Kyle said. "It sounds like you two were made for each other. You can spend the rest of your lives having unemotional sex, living from moment to moment as if nothing else matters but getting off."

That time Elroy was paying attention to what Kyle said. He detected either sarcasm or bitterness in his tone and he wasn't sure why. "Don't give me attitude, buddy. You've had plenty of chances to be with me and you've turned me down."

When Elroy said this, Kyle jumped out of bed and threw a pillow at him. "Don't give me your arrogant bullshit, Elroy. And don't be such a smug asshole. You know damn well how I feel about having sex with people I don't love. I need emotion, not one-night stands. And I have no regrets about anything I've said to you."

His voice sounded a little shaky, and Elroy didn't want to freak him out too much. So he got out of bed and said, "Let's get something to eat. I'm starved." He felt bad now. Kyle was standing near the window with a serious expression that made him look adorable. Elroy had to stop doing this. The amusement he found in Kyle's distress had become addictive.

"I'm not hungry," Kyle said.

Elroy stood up and crossed to the window. He knew how to deal with Kyle. He put his arm around him and gave him a hug. Then he kissed him on the cheek and spoke in a low, sultry voice. "You know you love me. Don't get mad. Let's get something to eat."

"I'd rather not, thank you."

It took Elroy a few more minutes to convince him to go. He had to rub his back a few times and tell him how good he looked with his new contact lenses. In less than fifteen minutes, he brought Kyle to the point where he knew he could have persuaded him to do anything. Almost anything.

* * * * When Elroy's phone rang the following Friday afternoon, he'd just come from a History of Film class, where he'd spent the entire two hours curled up on the back row, sound asleep. If he'd only been able to sleep that well at night his life would have been perfect. He was walking through Harvard Yard with Kyle, wondering what to do that weekend. He hadn't heard from Ricky and figured he'd probably never hear from him. He knew he could have called, but it would have been too painful if Ricky had given him a fake phone number.

Elroy answered and heard Ricky's voice. He grabbed Kyle's jacket and covered the phone so Ricky wouldn't hear him. "It's him, Ricky, the guy I met last weekend."

Kyle rolled his eyes and shook his head, as if he didn't care. Elroy turned and held the phone to his ear. "Hey, man." "You wanna hook up tonight, Mike?" Ricky asked. This time Elroy took control. He wanted to meet him, but not

in a grungy hotel with bath sheets and dirty towels. Even he had limits. So he thought quickly, then told Ricky to meet him at one of the finest hotels in Boston. "I'll take care of everything," Elroy said. "I'll see you in the lobby at nine o'clock tonight."

When Elroy turned off the phone, he sent Kyle a friendly glance and said, "Looks like you're on your own tonight, buddy. I probably won't be back at all tonight." Few things in life made Elroy smile more than knowing he'd succeeded in something. Ricky calling him this way meant Ricky had not been able to stop thinking about him all week. Even though Elroy knew deep down it was more about his ego than meeting a guy he truly cared about, he craved this kind of attention in ways he'd never been able to control.

Kyle didn't sound excited for him. He started walking and said, "I hope you know what you're doing. This guy doesn't call all week, and when he does you're ready to shell out hundreds of dollars on him."

"I know what I'm doing," Elroy said. "I don't care about money. Besides, he doesn't even know my real name."

Kyle stopped and gaped at him. "What?"

Elroy laughed. "I never give my real name out to guys I just meet. He thinks my name is Mike."

"That's creepy."

"Men do it all the time," Elroy said.

"I don't do it," Kyle said.

"You're the exception to the rule," Elroy said. Then, in order to shock Kyle even more, Elroy said, "He's wearing a wedding ring, too." He hadn't planned on saying this, but after seeing the stunned expression on Kyle's face after he told him about the fake name he couldn't help himself.

"You're sleeping with a married man?" Kyle said.

"He didn't say he was married. But he didn't hide the ring."

Kyle turned and started walking in the opposite direction. "I have to admit one thing."

"What's that?"

"Just when I think you've hit bottom, you continue to amaze me," Kyle said. "Or, does this get worse? Nothing would surprise me after this. Are you sleeping with a married man whose wife is dying of cancer?"

Elroy didn't think he'd done anything wrong. "I know nothing about his wife, or his husband, for that matter. I don't ask and I'm not out to break up his home. Lighten up, man. Everybody does it. It's not like I'm going to freaking marry this dude. I'm only having a little fun with him. You wanna come with me? We'll have a threeway. You should see the way this guy moves. It will blow your mind."

With that remark Kyle shoved his hands into his pockets and walked faster. "No, thank you. That's not something I'm interested in doing. Meeting nice, decent people is the only thing that blows my mind. I just hope you're using condoms, you goddman asshole."

Elroy ran up behind him and grabbed his ass. "Hey, don't get mad. You look too adorable when you're mad and it makes me think all kinds of dirty things about you." Though he sounded as if he were joking, he really did mean this.

Kyle stopped and turned to face him. "What makes you think I'm mad? I'm not mad at all. I have a date myself tonight with a very nice guy from my math class."

"If you're not mad then why are your eyes all narrow and why are your lips all pinched together?" He knew him well enough to know the sure signs of anger.

Kyle's voice went up higher. In a forced way, he laughed and said, "I don't know what you're talking about. I'm in a great mood."

Elroy was curious. "And who is your date?" He had a feeling Kyle was lying. They'd been roommates since early September and he hadn't seen Kyle date anyone.

"Lev Godwin," Kyle said. He lifted his chin, as if to prove his happiness.

Elroy pressed his palm to his stomach and laughed. "Lev Godwin? Seriously? He's like the biggest dork on campus. He sticks pencils in his ear and sniffs the ear wax on the erasers. He's a fucking creep."

Kyle's face turned red. "He's a very nice guy. He asked me to the movies and I accepted. And for your information, he's not just interested in sex. He's interested in getting to know me better as a person. He's interested in listening to how I feel and how I think."

Elroy rolled his eyes. "He just wants to get into your pants. And the guys who tell you they want to know how you feel and think are the worst kind."

"He's a simple guy and he told me he respects me."

"Good luck with that."

"Lev Godwin cares about the real things in life," Kyle said. "Why can't you get it that there are nice people out there who aren't looking to scam everyone else?"

"He'll be sniffing your shoes," Elroy said. "I'll bet my chocolate ice cream billions he's into feet." Lev had thin lips and one of those pinched, pointy noses. Elroy thought he could definitely be into feet.

Kyle turned and started walking again. "There's no use trying to have a serious conversation with you. You're never going to understand the important things in life and I'm tired of wasting my time. Have fun tonight with your married fuck buddy from P'town. I'm sure you'll both be very happy together."

"And you have fun with the ear wax sniffer tonight," Elroy said. "I'm sure you'll both be very happy."

Without turning, Kyle said, "I'm sure we will."

Although Elroy still had his fists clenched a little, he smiled and shouted, "You know you still love me. Don't pretend to be mad."

Kyle continued walking. But he sent Elroy a backward glance, smiled, and flipped him the bird.

Chapter Fifteen

On Friday night, Elroy met Ricky at the hotel in Boston and they climbed into bed without even having a conversation first. They remained in bed until one in the morning, and then Ricky put on his pants and kissed Elroy goodbye. He said he had to get back home. He didn't go into detail about it because they both understood Ricky was married and he could not stay out all night. This bothered Elroy less than it should have. He'd gotten what he'd wanted; he'd given Ricky what he'd wanted.

What really made Elroy bite the inside of his cheek was when he returned to his room and he found out Kyle hadn't returned yet. How long could a movie with creepy Lev Godwin last? Elroy took off his clothes, climbed into bed, and stared at the dark ceiling until he drifted to sleep around four o'clock in the morning. When he opened his eyes at six the next morning and saw Kyle tip-toeing into the room in the same clothes he'd worn the night before, he sat up and asked, "Where have you been all night?" He kept his voice light. He didn't want to sound angry.

Kyle shrugged and walked to his bed. "We had car trouble. We wound up waiting for a tow truck."

"I see." He wasn't sure he believed him. But he didn't want him to think he was mad at him.

"What time did you get in last night?" Kyle asked.

"Around eleven o'clock," Elroy said. He lied. He'd been out until shortly before two in the morning. But he wanted Kyle to think he'd come back earlier.

Kyle started to remove his clothes. "Did you have a good time with the married guy?"

"The time of my life," Elroy said. "Did you have a good time with the ear wax sniffer?"

Kyle had stripped down to his boxer shorts. He climbed into bed and said, "It was nice. Lev is a sweet guy. He's very smart, and political. I never knew that. He even held the car door open for me."

"Isn't that nice?" Elroy said, making a face at the same time. He'd never been political. He thought all politicians were sleaze bags, liars, and cheats. He'd learned a great deal about emotional and psychological manipulation after studying the way the most successful politicians campaigned-especially in recent years, when politicians had begun to make millions of dollars on the Internet from people who could hardly afford to pay back student loans. It all seemed to be about emotion. If you could get to their hearts and make them feel good, you could own them.

Kyle yawned and turned on his side. "I'm exhausted."

"I'll bet you are," Elroy said. He didn't really think Kyle had slept with Lev. But the thought of it being a possibility turned his stomach a little.

Elroy hesitated,then sighed. "Do you ever feel as if something is missing?"

"All the time," Kyle said. "I'm used to it."

"I'm glad we're roommates," Elroy said. "It makes things better somehow." He really did mean this. But while he was talking he was thinking of ways to get even with Lev Godwin for keeping Kyle out all night. He'd get that creepy little ear wax sniffer if it was the last thing he did.

"I'm glad we're roommates, too," Kyle said. "Now go back to sleep and be quiet. I'm tired."

"Do you still love me?" Elroy asked.

Kyle laughed and said, "Yes. I don't know why, but I do still love you, idiot. Go to sleep."

The room went silent and Elroy worried he would have trouble falling asleep again with daylight streaming through the window. He had trouble sleeping under normal conditions. Going back to sleep in the morning had always been a challenge. He glanced at Kyle and saw he'd plopped down on the bed in his underwear without bothering to pull up the covers. Kyle had worn that old pair of gray boxer shorts that Elroy had seen him wear the first day they'd met. Elroy would never have worn ugly underwear like that. On anyone else they would have been offensive. But glancing at the way Kyle was sprawled out on the bed gave him such a good feeling that he turned on his side, went back to sleep, and didn't open his eyes until noon.

* * * * In the weeks that followed, Elroy continued to sneak around with Ricky on the sly. Sometimes Ricky could only get away for an hour or two. So they did it in Elroy's car, in public restrooms, in elevators, and under bridges. If Ricky was really pressed for time, Elroy would meet him someplace safe, pull down his pants, and bend over for what amounted to nothing more than a fifteen-minute-or-less encounter. When Ricky had more time to spend, they met at a hotel, but never the same one twice.

Elroy always paid for everything ahead of time without asking questions. They never progressed beyond calling each other by their first names and neither one of them went into details about their personal lives. When they were together in a hotel room, they removed their clothes and jumped into bed. They fucked so hard and so often Elroy had bruises on the back of his legs for days at a time. After that one night in Provincetown, they never spent a full night together again. When they were finished doing all the things they did to each other, they got dressed and went in different directions.

While Elroy spent his time bending over for Ricky, Kyle started dating Lev Godwin on a regular basis. Elroy and Kyle spent a good deal of time together in their room and Elroy made a point of following Kyle's every move-without letting him know this. He would check Kyle's cell phone while he was showering to see his incoming, outgoing, and missed calls. He read his text messages, he followed his Twitter feed, and he even searched Kyle's desk one night to find out his passwords and usernames for e-mail and social media. He stalked him without a glimmer of guilt. He logged into Kyle's Facebook account and read all his private messages to see if Lev Godwin had sent him anything intimate.

To his surprise, he found nothing other than sugary-sweet comments and private messages about math class or the latest movie they'd seen. In fact, Kyle's private messages would have been nonexistent if dorky Lev Godwin hadn't sent messages about math or movies. The text messages Kyle shared with Lev were more of the same dull content. Elroy even checked Kyle's photos to see if he'd taken pictures of his dick and found nothing.

This was all in direct contrast to the way Elroy treated social media, e-mail, and texting. He'd "sexted" so many men he'd lost track of who they were. Sometimes he sent photos of his dick to virtual strangers he'd met online just to get a reaction from them. He was always sending nude photos and sexually verbal texts to Ricky. Ricky told him that when they weren't together he would stare at the photos, read the messages, and jack off thinking about him. This made Elroy smile; it made him feel in control. While he was doing all this with Ricky in text form, he was still sending nude photos through private messages to guys he'd never even met in person on Facebook. The public photos he posted on Facebook were usually shirtless, or something sexually provocative. He didn't take it seriously and he enjoyed the attention. The older gay men on Facebook were extremely thankful for the slightest hint of nudity. Some offered to send him money for more detailed photos, and one actually said he'd pay fifty bucks for a pair of Elroy's used sweat socks.

Although Kyle refused to be Elroy's Facebook friend because he didn't like the provocative photos Elroy posted all the time (sometimes Elroy made Kyle take photos of him in his underwear for Facebook), Elroy found a way around this by inventing fake online identities. He created trumped-up profiles for both Twitter and Facebook and he sent Kyle friend requests so he could see what was going on with Kyle's online identity all the time.

It always worked out the same way. He would send a request with a fake identity and Kyle would respond with this message: "Do I know you?" Elroy would respond with the fake name and say, "Not personally, but I go to Harvard. I'm a really nice guy." In this regard, Kyle seemed to be more trusting than Elroy would have been. He would not only accept the friend request, he would thank the fake identity in writing, on the fake's timeline. It was all very entertaining and amusing for a while. But then something happened that caused Kyle to rethink his decision to accept friend requests from guys he didn't know.

It happened on a cold Friday night in November. Most of the leaves had fallen by then and Kyle had a big math exam on Monday. Elroy told him he was meeting Ricky at a hotel that night and didn't know what time he would be home. Kyle responded the way he usually did: "Have fun with the married man."

But instead of meeting Ricky, Elroy went to a cafein Boston and found a private table in a corner against a brick wall. He knew Kyle studied with his laptop at his side all the time, and he knew he constantly checked his social media accounts for activity. By this time Elroy had sent Kyle three friend requests with fake accounts. They were all handsome young men with photos Elroy had pilfered from stock photos on the Internet. They all went to Harvard and they all pretended to be as sweet and innocent as Kyle. Elroy wanted to see how Kyle would respond to a provocative comment on Facebook, so he ordered a latte and logged into one of his fake Facebook accounts.

When he was logged in to the fake account, he went directly to Kyle's timeline and found one of Kyle's typical status updates. He usually posted a deep heartfelt quote or a cheesy photo with an emotional saying a few times each day. On that particular night, Kyle had posted a photo of a deep green field with an elegant tree in the background. The saying read, "Always follow your dreams."

After Elroy gagged at the trite saying, he left a comment on Kyle's status update that said, "I've been dreaming a lot about you, handsome. We should get to know each other better." Then he sat back and laughed so hard the other people in the bodega sent him stares.

He waited over a half hour and saw no response from Kyle. He knew this was unusual; he knew Kyle was logged into Facebook because he'd seen him click "like" to someone else's status update. Kyle was one of those who always replied to comments on his updates. Elroy had posted comments on other status updates with his fake names and Kyle either commented immediately or clicked "like."

So Elroy logged out of that fake account and logged into another fake account and left the next comment beneath the first one he'd left: "Hey, baby. Forget about this guy. Let's hook up tonight, dude. PM me. You send me pics and I'll send mine." Then he sat back and waited fifteen minutes to see if Kyle would respond to either of the comments from the fake identities.

Fifteen minutes later, nothing happened. So he logged out of that fake account and logged back into the first fake account. He figured sockpuppeting with both fake names might get a response out of Kyle. This time he left a comment on the same thread that said, "Back off, dude. He's interested in me, not you." He laughed harder and logged out of that account, and then returned to the second fake account and left this comment in reply, "Get a life, asswipe. He's not interested in you, he's interested in me. Send me pics, dude. I'm waiting."

This time Elroy sat back and laughed so hard the manager of the bodega sneered at him. When Elroy pictured the stunned expression on Kyle's face as he watched these two fake guys argue over him, it brought tears to his eyes.

But he stopped laughing three minutes later when Kyle left this comment on the same thread: "Knock it off with the sockpuppets, Elroy, you big idiot. I'm trying to study."

Elroy pressed his palm to his stomach and blinked at the screen. Then he smiled and wrote, "Do you still love me?" There was no point in denying the fake names anymore. He wondered how long Kyle had known about them. He'd underestimated him.

A minute later, Kyle typed, "Unfortunately, yes. You're very amusing in a droll way. Now leave me alone so I can study."

Chapter Sixteen

By the first week in December, Elroy had reached his limit with Lev Godwin. People in general usually didn't annoy Elroy; he never paid much attention to most people anyway. But every once in a while someone would come along whom he just couldn't stand. He couldn't give exact reasons for feeling this way. It wasn't always completely focused on the way they wore their hair, or dressed, or spoke. This feeling of intense dislike depended more on a generalized, though often invisible aspect, not anything specific. And when it happened, Elroy found it difficult to control his vindictive urges.

Lev Godwin reminded Elroy of a garden gnome. He stood about five feet two inches tall, he had reddish brown curly hair, and pasty white skin stippled with freckles. His body resembled a cinderblock: thick and sturdy and rectangular. Even his ass appeared flat and square. He wore dad jeans a size too small, which created a male camel toe between his legs because he pulled them up to high above his waistline. His shirts were either tight mock turtlenecks that exposed his jiggling man breasts or plaid flannel affairs with sleeves rolled up to his elbows. When he walked his chubby legs splayed out in exaggerated opposite directions. It wasn't exactly a walk. It was more like a bounce. Whenever Elroy saw him coming he wanted to stick his foot out and trip him.

And Elroy did see Lev coming and going a great deal that semester. He started coming to their room after dinner to study with Kyle, and this made Elroy clench his teeth so hard he had to leave them alone. They asked Elroy if he wanted to study with them, but Elroy always smiled, bit the inside of his mouth, and declined. He would rather flunk math than study with the likes of Lev Godwin. He couldn't even stand the way Lev smelled; it reminded him of medicine he'd taken as a child.

He always showed up for these study sessions with a bottle of cheap wine for Kyle. He would knock on the door and wait for someone to answer. When the door would open, he would stand there with a fish-eating grin and say, "How about another big ole bottle for wine for ya?" His deep Southern accent twisted Elroy's stomach in knots. If Elroy answered the door, he would fake a smile, turn to face Kyle, and say, "Your boyfriend is here. I'm going out." That was when Lev's face would turn bright red and he would look down at his shoes. Then Kyle would send Elroy a glare because he'd embarrassed poor shy Lev.

But Elroy knew all about the poor shy Lev Godwins of the world. He knew they put on a good passive-aggressive act to get what they wanted. In this case, Lev wanted Kyle and he was going after him in the most passive-aggressive way Elroy had ever seen one man go after another. Though Kyle seemed oblivious to it all, he tended to enjoy the attention Lev gave him. And even though Kyle said he was only dating Lev casually and they'd never had sex, most people on campus considered Len and Kyle a couple.

This left Elroy with one alternative. He knew he had to do something about sneaky Lev Godwin and it called for drastic measures. The thing Kyle seemed to be most attracted to in Lev was Lev's lack of interest in sex. For some reason Elroy could not understand, Kyle had no interest in sex at all and he seemed to feel safe with Lev around.

Elroy and Kyle even argued about this one night before Lev arrived at the door with his cheap bottle of wine. Elroy punched the wall and said, "Is that asshole coming over here again?"

Kyle had been organizing his books at a small desk next to his bed. "Yes, he'll be here any minute. I'm helping him study for a marketing class he's taking. He really depends on me."

Elroy punched the wall again and said, "He's trying to get into your pants."

Kyle laughed and waved his hand. "You're insane. Lev has no interest in sex. He's interested in me for my mind and that's it. You just have a dirty mind and you think everyone else does."

This time Elroy felt like putting his fist through the wall. But he took a deep breath, exhaled, and said, "I know his type. He's trying to get into your pants. He's a little perv and he's going to wind up trying to bone you."

Kyle opened a book and said, "You're the perv, not Lev. He's just a sweet little guy who needs my help. And he's devoted to me."

Now Elroy wanted to bang his head against the wall and scream. "I'm telling you this little perv is up to no good. I caught him sniffing your clothes the last time he was here." This was true. Kyle had gone to the bathroom and Elroy had walked in while Lev Godwin had been sniffing his sweatpants. When Lev saw him, he dropped the pants and pretended he hadn't been doing anything.

"You're making that up," Kyle said. He rose from his chair and crossed to the bathroom to check his hair. "Lev would never do such a thing."

Elroy rolled his eyes. "I'm telling you that little perv will be licking your toes if you're not careful. I've seen his kind before. I once tricked with a guy from Providence who spent half the night licking my feet." He glanced into the bathroom and watched Kyle fuss around with his hair. He'd recently had it cut shorter, with a cute little turned-up wave above his forehead. With the contact lenses, the new clothes Elroy had bought for him, and the new trendy haircut Kyle hardly even resembled the same guy Elroy had met in early September.

Kyle shook his head and said, "Thank you for yet another fine story from your sordid past. I would love to hear even more about the guy who spent half the night licking your feet, but I have to get ready for Lev."

"That's another thing," Elroy said. He felt his face getting warmer. "If you're not serious about him, why do you spend so much time getting ready for him? I'm starting to think you want him to bone you."

Kyle smiled and looked into the mirror. "Whether or not Lev bones me, as you so eloquently phrased it, is none of your business."

Elroy grabbed his jacket and his car keys. "Well, I'm out of here. If I have to see him one more night I'll lose my mind."

"I don't know why Lev bothers you so much," Kyle said. "He's absolutely harmless."

Elroy did not reply. He knew he couldn't win. Kyle had a stubborn streak like no one he'd ever met before. "I'll see you later. I'm going to the coffee shop to study."

"Make sure you have decaf," Kyle said. "I don't want to listen to you complain about not sleeping tonight."

"I'll order anything I want."

On his way out, Elroy decided it was time to prove he was right about Lev Godwin once and for all. So he went to the coffee shop and devised a plan that would show Kyle the kind of guy Lev Godwin really was. Oh, Lev was interested in sex as much as any other guy Elroy had ever met. Elroy would have bet money Lev had more interest in sex than most guys. He'd seen the way Lev licked his lips whenever Kyle bent over to get something. He'd even seen Lev rub his dick when Kyle wasn't looking.

Elroy came up with the perfect plan. He would hire a male escort to seduce Lev Godwin to prove once and for all that he was right about Lev being a perv. Elroy would execute the plan in a way that appeared innocent and spontaneous. He would invite Lev up to their room to study and the male escort would be waiting there alone, naked, in Elroy's bed.

Elroy would make sure he planned all this on the night Kyle went to his recorder group. Kyle had become interested in this unusual instrument that looked like a red plastic toy flute called a recorder. He'd told Elroy it was an instrument that was part of the fipple flute family, and Elroy had grabbed his dick at the time and said, "Here, fipple this flute, baby." Kyle met with a small group of people every Monday evening and they practiced folk songs together on their instruments called recorders from the fipple flute family.

Elroy knew Kyle's Monday night routine. He left for his recorder session about seven and returned at nine fifteen on the nose, in all kinds of weather, without fail. Elroy sat back in his seat at the coffee shop and smiled when he imagined Kyle's expression. When he saw sweet innocent Lev Godwin's pasty white knockkneed legs up in the air while a hot young guy fucked him, Kyle would never trust the little creep again.

Only things didn't work out the way Elroy had planned that Monday evening. While Kyle was in the bathroom getting ready for his recorder group, Elroy's phone rang and the male escort he'd hired said he couldn't make it. Elroy had already invited Lev Godwin up to their room and Kyle knew nothing about it. They never studied on Monday nights because it was Kyle's recorder night with the fipple flute people. In order to get Lev up to the room on a Monday night, Elroy had lied. He told Lev that Kyle wanted them all to study together that night. Lev would never refuse a request from Kyle.

There was only one logical thing for Elroy to do. After Kyle left with his recorder, Elroy took off all his clothes, climbed into bed, and waited to Lev to show up. While Elroy spread his legs and played with his dick to get it hard for Lev Godwin, he realized this new turn of events was even better than the original plan. Kyle might have forgiven Lev for having sex with a strange male escort he didn't know. But he would never forgive Lev for having sex with Elroy.

Elroy knew Kyle would be mad at him as well, but he knew Kyle wouldn't remain mad at him for long. Elroy had always been honest with Kyle in one respect: he said he'd fuck a tree trunk if he was horny enough. But he'd never forgive that lying little fucker Lev for lying to him about not being interested in sex.

When Lev finally knocked on the door around nine o'clock, Elroy leaned back against the wall next to his bed and said, "Come in." He'd been watching porn on his laptop while waiting for him. Elroy had to have something to help him get hard because just being with revolting Lev Godwin wouldn't do it.

Lev opened the door and blinked. When he found Elroy on his bed, stark naked with a full erection in his right hand, he dropped the cheap bottle of wine and gasped aloud.

"Come in and close the door," Elroy said.

Lev stood there wide-eyed. "Where's Kyle?"

"Kyle had to go out," Elroy said. He started stroking his dick slowly. "But that doesn't mean we can't have a little fun. I'm watching porn."

Lev seemed apprehensive. He stood there gaping without saying a word.

Elroy climbed out of bed and walked to the door. He pulled him into the room, closed the door, and rubbed his dick on Lev's forearm. Then he caressed Lev's man breast and said, "Take off your clothes and come to bed."

The little perv was naked within seconds. He pulled off his socks so fast he fell sideways and knocked over a chair. So much for Kyle's theory of him.

Elroy went back to bed and turned the laptop so they could both watch the porn. When plump Lev jumped into bed next to him, Elroy smacked his dick against Lev's pure white dimpled thigh and asked, "What are you into, man?" He'd always hated that question. He never thought he would ask anyone that question. But he was worried he might have to fuck the little perv and that was something he didn't want to do, not even with four condoms on his dick.

Lev was staring at Elroy's feet. He had this peculiar glazed look in his eyes and his lips were pursed. He shrugged and said, "I like safe sex. What do you like?"

Elroy smiled and pinched his man breast. It was the first time Elroy had ever touched an actual tit on a man or a woman and he almost made a face and gagged. "I like safe sex, too," he said. "I like jacking and getting my feet licked and my toes sucked." Then he lifted his leg and rubbed his bare foot along Kyle's thigh. He had to force himself to keep a straight face. He almost laughed aloud when he said he liked getting his toes sucked. But he saw the way Lev was drooling over his feet. He'd been right about him all along. And Elroy couldn't think of a better way for Kyle to walk in on them.

At nine fifteen, the door opened and Kyle marched into the room with a smile on his face and his fipple flute in his hand. When he turned and saw what was happening in Elroy's bed, he dropped the fipple flute and screamed so loud Elroy worried that campus security might come charging into the room. Kyle stood there in silence, pointing at them with the same hand he'd been holding the fipple flute. Elroy was jacking; Lev had four of Elroy's toes in his mouth as far as he could get them.

Elroy smiled at Kyle and said, "You want to join us?"

Lev remained still, with Elroy's toes in his mouth.

Kyle put his hands on his hips and glared at Elroy, and then he turned to Lev and said, "What on Earth are you doing to him? I thought you didn't care about sex and all that physical stuff. I thought you were interested in getting to know a guy first so you could build an emotional bond."

Lev removed Elroy's toes from his mouth and sat up. He shrugged and said, "I don't know what got into me."

Kyle glared. "His foot, obviously."

Elroy rubbed his foot against Lev's man breast and said, "Don't be too hard on him. He's only human. We all have needs." He wiggled his toes against Lev's puffy nipple. "And I do have sexy feet."

Kyle ignored Elroy and said, "You've let me down, Lev. I thought you were different from other men. I thought you cared about feelings and talking and getting to know me." He gestured to Elroy. "I can understand him. He can't control his filthy urges. All he cares about is sex. But you, you Lev have truly disappointed me. When I think about all those times I've walked around you in my bare feet I want to shudder and clamp my knees together."

"There's nothing wrong with having a foot fetish," Elroy said. "A lot of people have foot fetishes. Stop being such a prig."

"You need to be quiet, Elroy," Kyle said. "I'm not saying there's anything wrong with a foot fetish or any other kind of fetish. I'm talking about the way he led me to believe he wasn't interested in sex. I'm talking about the way he led me to believe he was more interested in my mind than my body...or in this case, my feet."

That's when Lev got a little defensive. He climbed out of bed and grabbed his jeans. "I'm only human, Kyle. He's a hot guy and God knows I'm not getting anything from you. We've never even kissed and I've been coming here to study for a long time."

"You never even kissed?" Elroy asked. This was getting more entertaining by the second.

"Shut up, Elroy," Kyle said. He frowned at Lev. "I'm sorry if I led you to believe there would be a physical relationship between us. I thought you were different from other guys. I guess I was wrong."

Lev put on his shirt and reached for his socks. "Well, I'm not different from other guys. I have needs, too, Kyle. And if I'm going to keep seeing you I need to know there's going to be more."

Elroy sat up; he wished he had popcorn.

"I don't think you should come back," Kyle said. "I'd never feel the same walking around barefoot again in front of you. I'm sorry, but I think you should leave now. I hope we can still be friends."

Lev glanced at Elroy and asked, "Is he serious?"

Elroy folded his arms across his chest and shrugged. "What do I know?"

Kyle crossed to the door and opened it. "I'm always serious about these things. You deceived me, Lev. I thought you were better than this."

After Lev Godwin left, Kyle went to his bed and sat down. "Well, Elroy, I guess you were right about him. He really is just like everyone else and all he was interested in was sex."

Elroy had never seen such a dismal expression on Kyle's face. If he didn't know better, he would have thought someone had died that night. "You wanna go out for coffee or something? I can get dressed fast."

Kyle lifted his hand and said, "No, thank you, Elroy. You've already done enough for me tonight. I want to go to sleep now. I'm exhausted."

"What did I do?" Elroy asked in a defensive tone. "Lev is the one who lied to you, not me."

"Don't pretend. I know you orchestrated this whole thing. You wanted me to walk in here and find Lev in bed with you. I'm not an idiot."

Elroy frowned. He saw no point in denying this; it would only make things worse. "I didn't plan the foot thing. He did that on his own. I swear on my life. Are you mad at me?"

Kyle laughed. "Actually, I'm not mad at you. If Lev had been the man I thought he was he would have turned you down. He didn't have to get into bed with you. You didn't force him into bed with you. And you didn't force him to do those things to your feet."

"Of course not," Elroy said. "I would never force anyone into bed with me. And I'd never force anyone to suck my toes." He wanted to laugh again, but held back.

"But you knew he couldn't resist you," Kyle said. He glanced down at Elroy's feet and made a face. "Or your big old feet."

"That's true."

"And I have to admit you were right about Lev all along."

"You sure I can't get you anything?"

Kyle turned out the light next to his bed and started to undress. "I'm fine. I'm just tired, is all. It's not the first time I've been disappointed by a guy and I'm sure it won't be the last."

Elroy felt a pull in his stomach. When he heard the disappointed tone in Kyle's voice he wanted to get out of bed and hug him. "Would you like me to get into bed with you tonight? I promise no sex at all. I'll just hold you. I won't even try to kiss you."

"On one condition," Kyle said.

Elroy thought for sure Kyle would reject him again like the many times he'd rejected him in the past. "What condition?"

"Go take a hot shower and get Lev off our body," Kyle said. "Make sure you scrub your feet well. And put on clean socks before you get into bed."

Elroy jumped out of bed and ran to the bathroom. He took a hot shower, brushed his teeth, and put on clean white socks. By the time he came out of the bathroom, Kyle was in bed. He was on his side with the black comforter that had stars pulled up to his shoulders. Elroy climbed into bed and snuggled up beside him. He wrapped his arms around him and kissed the back of his neck. "That's not a sex kiss," he said. "That's just a goodnight kiss."

Kyle laughed and said, "Goodnight, Elroy."

Elroy snuggled up closer and held him tighter. "I can't guarantee I won't get wood tonight." He felt his dick getting harder.

Kyle patted his leg and said, "But I can guarantee you won't do anything with it."

"How can you be so sure?" Elroy asked. His dick was rock hard and pressed up against Kyle's ass.

"Because I'm not like the other people you've been with," Kyle said. "I'm not the married man, I'm not the guys you meet at clubs, I'm not the guys you cruise at those places you go to, and I'm not Lev Godwin begging to suck your toes. That's how I know for sure."

"I see."

"Go to sleep, Elroy."

Elroy took a quick breath. "You smell good. What cologne is that?"

"I don't wear cologne," said Kyle.

"Do you still love me?"

Kyle reached for Elroy's hand and held it. "I'll let you know tomorrow."

That was good enough for Elroy. It was before eleven o'clock and he hadn't gone to bed this early since he'd been a child. But he knew he wouldn't have trouble sleeping that night, not as long as Kyle was in his arms.

Chapter Seventeen

"Let's get out of here this weekend," Elroy said. "I'm bored." "It's Thanksgiving," Kyle said. He was in his bed, wearing the same old gray sweatsuit, playing a game on his phone. He didn't even bother to look up.

Although Elroy had plans for Thanksgiving with his extended family, the thought of spending the entire weekend at the family home made him nauseous. There wasn't enough weed on Earth to get him through four days with Aunt Hilda, Uncle Fred, and those two ridiculous teenage cousins, Delbert and Oliver. These relatives didn't live on the estate; they only visited on holidays and it had become family tradition for them to be there every Christmas and Thanksgiving. Elroy's mother and father had started this tradition years earlier, and now that they were both gone his relatives wanted to continue it for reasons that passed him by. Elroy owned the estate and they all worked for him. He didn't speak to them more than once or twice a year. He could have told them not to come, but they always seemed so excited about sucking up to him and spending the weekend on the estate, he didn't have the heart to say no.

Elroy crossed to Kyle's bed and sat down. "So what? Just because it's Thanksgiving doesn't mean we can't do something fun. We're young, dumb, and full of come. We should be exploring life, not sitting around eating dry turkey and too many carbs." This idea had popped into his head earlier that morning.

Kyle put the phone down and sent him a blank expression. "You said you had plans. You said you were going home to spend the weekend with family."

Elroy looked up at the ceiling and shook his hands over his head. "If I have to spend the entire weekend with that bunch, I'll lose my mind. Seriously. You don't know what they are like, dude. My aunt and uncle are always kissing up to me because they know my father left everything to me. And my cousins, Delbert and Oliver, bite their fingernails and stare at my dick. It's creepy, man. Don't make me do this." He got down on his hands and knees and started begging in an exaggerated way. "Please, please don't put me through this."

Kyle remained staid. "I told my mom and the stepdad I would be home this weekend."

Elroy noticed he wasn't totally opposed to going away for the weekend. "Just tell them you have a huge exam on Monday and you have to study. Tell them anything. Let's just get the fuck out of here and have some fun." Another reason he wanted to get away had to do with his ongoing relationship with Ricky, his married lover. He'd already informed Elroy they wouldn't see each other again until after Thanksgiving.

"But it's only Monday," Kyle said. "We have classes this week."

"Fuck them," Elroy said. "We're doing great. We can miss a few classes."

"Where are we going?" Kyle asked.

Elroy hadn't thought it through completely. Then it dawned on him and he jumped up from the bed. "Palm Beach. I have a house down there, a huge house I never use. If we leave right now we can be on the beach by this time tomorrow."

Kyle thought for a moment, then looked up at him and smiled. "I do like road trips. And I've never been to Florida."

It didn't take more convincing than that. In less than an hour, they were packed, in the car, and heading south on the interstate. In Rhode Island, Elroy phoned his uncle and said he wouldn't be at the house for Thanksgiving because he had an exam on Monday that was too important to ignore. He spoke with a deep serious tone, and he almost cried. Elroy didn't have to ask permission; he just didn't want to answer any questions. In Connecticut, Kyle phoned his mom and said he'd taken a part-time job that weekend working in campus security to make a few extra dollars. Elroy could see he hated to lie; it made him break out in a cold sweat and his hands literally trembled. He told Elroy his mom would never have believed a study excuse. She would have told him to bring his books and study at home. So Kyle had to come up with the one thing his family would never dispute or question: making money.

When they reached New York, Elroy wanted to stop and spend the night in Manhattan. He also had an apartment in Trump Tower he never used. This road trip had seemed like such a good idea when he'd thought of it, but now that Elroy was actually in the car he was bored. As a rule, Elroy despised road trips almost as much as he despised men with little dicks. He usually took the company jet to Palm Beach-or anywhere, for that matter. But if he had taken the company jet that week, everyone would have known he wasn't at school studying. Driving down south had been his only alternative.

"We can spend the night in New York in my penthouse," Elroy said. "We can go to dinner, go to a few clubs, check out the action, and we'll be on the road again first thing in the morning."

Kyle seemed content in the car. He'd been eating junk food since they'd left Harvard and he wanted to continue without stopping for anything. Elroy noticed he had this ability to forge through anything without showing the slightest sign of discomfort. "I've never been to Florida. I've never been south of Boston. And I'm not sure I like the sound of what you have planned in New York. I have a feeling it will wind up being a night of sex, booze, and drugs."

Elroy rolled his eyes. "And your point is?"

Kyle sat up straighter and set his hands on his lap. "I say we keep driving through the night. If you're tired, pull over and I'll drive."

When they reached Philadelphia, Elroy suggested they stop there and spend the night at a hotel. "I haven't been to Philadelphia in ages. I know a great bathhouse in Center City where you can get anything you want. I once had a blow job there that made my knees buckle."

Kyle didn't even reply this time. He turned, sent him a glance, and pointed to the windshield.

By the time they reached Washington D.C., Elroy's legs were cramping. His ass ached from sitting and he was so bored he felt like screaming. He'd been driving since they'd left Harvard-more than eight hours-and they'd only stopped for gas, more junk food for Kyle, and to use the restrooms. "I have a buddy who lives near DuPont Circle. You should see the clubs they have there. The strippers get up on the bar and strip down to nothing and wag their dicks in your face. Seriously, man. We should spend the night in D.C. It's starting to get dark and I'm tired of driving."

"Then pull over and I'll drive," Kyle said. "I don't mind driving. I love to drive. But I have no interest in going to bars where men wag their dicks in people's faces. That's just not sanitary. You can catch things that way."

"What things?"

Kyle thought for a moment. "Conjunctivitis."

Elroy moaned and said, "Not unless they try to fuck you in the eye."

"I once heard a story where a guy went to a stripper bar with women and when one of the strippers stuck her breast in the guy's eye, he got conjunctivitis." Then he shook his head and said, "I want to keep going without stopping."

When they reached Richmond, Virginia, Elroy pulled over to use a restroom on the interstate. It was dark by then and there were only a few cars stippled between large tractor-trailers. They went into the restroom together and walked to a line of urinals against the back wall opposite the sinks. There was a nice-looking guy in a gray business suit standing in front of the middle urinal peeing and whistling a tuneless song. Elroy went to the man's left and Kyle went to his right. Though Kyle seemed completely oblivious, Elroy saw the man in the business suit look down and stare at Kyle's dick the moment he pulled down his zipper. Then the man turned and glanced down at Elroy's dick and Elroy took a step back so he could see more. Elroy winked at the guy and shook his dick a few times.

The man stopped whistling and he glanced back over his shoulder to make sure no one else was in the restroom. When he felt it was safe, he reached over and wrapped his hand around Elroy's dick very gently. This wasn't the first time Elroy had had restroom sex. And this guy in the business suit wasn't bad-looking at all. Elroy figured a quick hand job at the urinal wouldn't hurt anyone, so he took another step and leaned backward for the guy.

But when the guy started stroking him, Kyle stepped up behind Elroy and grabbed him by the collar. The guy in the business suit blinked and Kyle said, "Enough of that sort of thing in here. This is a public restroom. People get arrested for things like this." Then he yanked Kyle out of the rest-room and held his collar all the way back to the car.

When they were next to the car, Elroy said, "What the fuck, man? I only wanted to have a little fun." This road trip was not turning out at all as he'd planned. He'd once driven from Boston to Florida and he'd stopped and had sex at a rest stop in every major city along the way. It had helped pass the time and had given him something on which to focus, not to mention how it had relieved the stress of endless driving.

Kyle took the car keys out of Elroy's hand and said, "You can have that kind of fun when you're alone. When you're with me, I'm not putting up with it. What happened back there was just disgusting. Now get into the car and sit down. I'm driving. You look tired."

Although Elroy was exhausted from driving, he took the keys back and said, "I'm not tired. I want to drive. If I have to sit there and do nothing but stare out the window, I'll go fucking nuts." He had to admit the bossy side of Kyle's personality intrigued him. Though he should have been screaming at Kyle for interrupting what could have been a memorable hand job in a public restroom, he found himself smiling and conceding to Kyle's wishes.

"We can talk," Kyle said. "Talking passes the time."

All he ever wanted to do was talk. Elroy had never met a man who thought about talking more than he actually did it. "We've been talking since we left Boston. I'm all talked out. I want silence now." He'd never been much of a talker. There was something about talking that left him drained to the point of exhaustion.

Kyle's eyebrows went up. "Are you saying you don't like talking to me?"

Elroy knew he had to be careful with this one. It could be a trick question. If he said the wrong thing Kyle would wind up with a pinched face all the way to Georgia. "No, not at all. I love talking to you. I've never talked so much with anyone. I'm only suggesting that quiet is nice sometimes, too."

Kyle's eyebrows went down. He seemed satisfied and Elroy felt as if he'd dodged another bullet. "I still think I should drive," Kyle said.

Elroy wanted to drive for a reason. But he didn't want to let Kyle know what the reason was. This was something Elroy had done many times on road trips...sometimes he drove up and down the interstate in Boston doing it on nights when he was bored. "I'm fine," he said. "We'll stop for something to eat in an hour and if I'm tired then, you can drive."

About an hour later, they stopped at one of those huge fast food places that line the highways throughout the south. In this particular place, a person could fill up the gas tank, get a prescription filled, and order a turkey dinner all at the same time. While Elroy filled the tank, Kyle stocked up on more junk food for the rest of the trip.

When Kyle returned to the car, he asked, "Do you want me to drive now?"

Elroy smiled. He still had plans. "No, I'm fine. You should try to sleep for a while. Next time we stop for gas I'll let you drive and I'll sleep."

This seemed to pacify Kyle. He shrugged and climbed into the car without saying another word. The moment they pulled onto the highway, Kyle yawned and said, "I think I will try to get some sleep." Within fifteen minutes his eyes were closed, he was snoring lightly, and his mouth was hanging open.

* * * * They'd just left North Carolina and entered South Carolina when Kyle jerked up in his seat and screamed. "What are you doing now?" He covered his mouth and stared with a horrified expression.

Elroy shrugged. "I just wanted to get comfortable," he said. He'd removed all his clothes and he was driving naked, with the seat back and his legs open wide. He'd also turned on the overhead light so anything inside the car would be visible. They were driving down the center lane of the highway, with a huge tractor-trailer on the right and another on the left. Elroy had been jacking off for the two truckers and he was close to climax.

"You're naked in public," Kyle shouted. "You have an erection. And the light is on."

The tractor-trailer on the left honked and Elroy glanced up for a second and saw two rough bearded guys looking down at him from the cab. He spread his legs a little wider and slowly ran his palm down his naked torso for them.

Kyle turned off the overhead light and said, "Pull over and put on your clothes. We could get arrested for this, or get killed. Those men are leering at you. They aren't paying attention to the road."

Both tractor-trailers honked this time, so Elroy switched the lights back on so the guys could see him.

"Calm down." Elroy said. "It's harmless. It's the safest kind of sex there is. I do it all the time when I'm driving alone. Guys in trucks are horny bastards. They love it. I hate to disappoint them." He'd never once done this where a trucker ignored him. In every single case, the moment her removed his clothes in the car, he had a trucker staring down at him, honking for more.

"Pull over and put your clothes on," Kyle said.

"Be good sport for once," Elroy said. "Take off your clothes and we'll give them a really good show."

"Are you serious?" Kyle said.

Elroy was still hard; he was so close to climax that if he moved to fast he would shoot a load. "Just jack me off for them. It'll only take a few strokes. I'm ready to come. If you hadn't screamed when you did I would have come and you never would have known I'd even done this."

Kyle sat back and folded his arms across his chest. He pursed his lips so tightly it looked painful.

The trucker on the left honked again and Elroy reached for his dick. He jacked a few times, released all the stress that had been building up inside his body since they'd left the guy in the business suit in the restroom, and came all over his chest.

When it was over, the truckers did what they always did. They honked a few times, gave Elroy two thumbs up, and sped on ahead of him as if nothing had ever happened.

Elroy switched off the overhead light and said, "Could you please hand me a Kleenex? I keep them in the glove box for occasions like this." The silence in the car made him smile. He knew it wouldn't last long.

Kyle opened the glove box and a pile of condoms fell onto the floor. He grabbed a few tissues and handed them to Elroy. "Sometimes I think you enjoy torturing me this way. It's like you can't wait to think of something more vulgar than the time before to shock me."

Elroy wiped the come off his chest and tossed the wadded tissue onto Kyle's lap on purpose. He smiled and said, "Sometimes I think you enjoy what I do more than you're willing to admit." Elroy noticed Kyle hadn't turned off the overhead light a second time. He could have done that. He could have insisted they pull over. But he didn't. "Sometimes I think you love what I do. And I have a feeling you're not the prig everyone else thinks you are."

Kyle reached for the wadded tissue on his lap and held it in his hand. He didn't seem to mind the fact that Elroy's come was all over it. The car had a bleached smell that reminded Elroy of a swimming pool. Kyle turned toward Elroy and said, "I'm curious about something. How would you like it if I did the same things you do?"

This question threw Elroy. "Huh?"

"How would you like it if I took off all my clothes and jacked off for truckers and strange men in restrooms? What would you think of me?"

Elroy had to think about this for a moment. "It's a moot point because you'd never do that." This seemed a safe way to answer. With Kyle he could never be certain.

Kyle reached for a bag at his feet where he'd been putting all the trash from the junk food he'd been eating. He put the tissue in the bag and said, "I'm not saying I would do it. I'm only curious about how you'd feel if I did do it. There's a difference."

Elroy took a deep breath. He knew he had to put his clothes back on but it felt so good to be naked in the car. It would have been nice if Kyle had reached over to massage his nuts, but he didn't dare him to do it. "I guess I'm not sure how I'd feel," he said. Why did he always have to talk about feelings?

"Think about it," Kyle said.

A minute later, Elroy said, "Okay, I guess I wouldn't like it if you did it. But only because it would be so out of character for you, not because I would be judging you."

"Exactly," Kyle said. "If I started taking off my clothes on a whim for truckers, or if I started having sex with strange men in restrooms, you'd be disgusted with me."

Elroy rubbed his jaw. "Well, I wouldn't say disgusted. Don't put words in my mouth. I would be more disappointed in you. I would think you'd been lying to me all along and pretending to be someone you aren't."

Kyle leaned over the console and kissed him on the cheek.

Elroy smiled and asked, "What was that for? I thought you'd be mad at me for the rest of the way after what just happened."

Kyle sat back and said, "Don't get me wrong. I'm not at all thrilled with what you did. It was vulgar at best. But I think there's hope for you. I may or may not be the one to change you. But I do think there's hope."

This was new territory for Elroy. "I didn't think there was anything wrong with me. I didn't know I needed to be changed."

Kyle shrugged. "It's nothing serious. But you do have to work on a few small fundamental flaws. But I'm making progress."

"You make it sound like I'm an experiment or something," Elroy said. "I'm not sure I get that."

Kyle asked, "Are you bored now?"

"No, I'm not bored."

"That's interesting," Kyle said. "We've been talking for a long time and you said talking is boring earlier."

Elroy smiled. He had to learn to stop underestimating him. He reached for Kyle's hand and said, "I think I'll pull over now and let you drive. I'm getting a little tired. Do you mind?"

"I don't mind at all," Kyle said. "I enjoy driving. And you can put on your clothes."

"I think I'll stay naked for a while. I'll just climb over the seat when you get out. I'm comfortable. Maybe you could rub my stomach until I fall asleep."

Kyle squeezed his hand hard and flung him a look.

"Or I could put on my clothes," Elroy said. "God forbid I should be too comfortable."

Chapter Eighteen

The days between Thanksgiving weekend and Christmas passed so quickly that year Elroy found himself trying to figure out a way to get out of spending the holidays with his dreaded relatives sooner than he'd realized. He knew Kyle had to go home to spend Christmas Eve and Christmas Day with his family. Kyle had already mentioned he couldn't get out of it no matter how hard he tried. Kyle's mom had made this clear to him the week after Thanksgiving. Though Kyle pretended to be independent, Elroy suspected the mother was the controlling type.

It hadn't been an easy time either. Lev Godwin had been forgiven and he'd started studying again with Kyle. This made Elroy wonder about Kyle's motivations. Kyle had stated he didn't trust Lev and never would be able to trust Lev after he found him in bed with Elroy's foot in his mouth. Yet he started studying with him again. Talk about mixed signals. When Elroy found out about this he punched the table beside his bed and said, "I thought you said you didn't want Lev Godwin around here anymore, Kyle." Kyle shrugged and said, "He's redeemed himself. He swore to me he'd never try anything sexual with me as long as he lived. I don't have a right to judge him or to make him a sexual suspect in his own life."

Although this didn't even make sense to Elroy, he had no choice but to grin and deal with it. Kyle could be stubborn that way. Elroy thought about ways to get rid of Lev Godwin again, ways that would make him look repulsive to Kyle. But nothing he came up with was as repulsive as what he'd already done, so he gave up on that concept quickly.

After the Thanksgiving trip to Palm Beach, Elroy had hoped he would reach another level with Kyle. To Elroy's surprise, he'd had a wonderful time and they didn't have sex once. They went to a few of Elroy's favorite restaurants, they spent long days on the beach, and they shopped at stores where Kyle's jaw dropped when he saw the price tags. Money meant nothing to Elroy. He told Kyle he could have anything he wanted. But Kyle always declined and said, "It wouldn't be right. But thank you for offering."

When they returned to Harvard, Elroy suggested they start sleeping in the same bed all the time. "We slept together in Florida every night. I've never slept better. We might as well sleep together here," was how he'd put it.

"I don't think that's a good idea," Kyle had said. "I think it might be too distracting for you. And I'm not ready to have sex with anyone right now. If I have sex with you, you'll just wind up getting bored and dumping me. I have too much respect for myself to let that happen."

Elroy laughed and made a joke of this. "I promise I'll respect you in the morning."

But Kyle didn't reply.

Then, as if all that business with Lev Godwin studying again with Kyle hadn't been enough, that pain in the ass Lev Godwin went out and got himself run over by a goddman truck on his way to lab one morning in December. He'd been planning to meet Kyle early so they could study together. He'd been rushing and he didn't look both ways twice. That idiot Lev stepped off the sidewalk, stopped to glance down at his watch in the middle of the street, and he was run over by an exterminator's van that had a huge brown cockroach festooned to the roof.

After that, Elroy hardly saw Kyle at all. Kyle spent most of his free time at the hospital sitting by Lev Godwin's bedside studying. Lev had been knocked so hard by the cockroach truck he'd wound up in a coma, in a body cast, hooked up to all kinds of wires and tubes. It was all extremely annoying. Elroy had gone to visit Lev once for Kyle's sake. He knew how close Kyle was to Lev. But Elroy was not fond of hospitals and sick people and he only went that one time. That clinical alcohol smell in the hospital made Elroy's stomach turn. He had no patience for old people pushing walkers. In order to please Kyle, he donated a large sum of money for a new emergency wing in the same hospital where a large plaque with Lev Godwin's name would be hung in the waiting room.

Then Lev finally died and that only made things even worse for Elroy. He thought it would make things better, but not this time. Nothing Elroy did seemed to comfort Kyle. He tried buying him gifts, telling him jokes, and taking him out to dinner. But Kyle preferred to remain alone in their room, with his books and his studies. The only time Kyle did laugh was one evening when Elroy put on Kyle's Halloween drag costume and paraded around the room in high heels and wig. And that didn't last long. He laughed for a minute or two, then sighed and said, "Nothing ever upsets you, does it? Can't you see that I'm grieving for a friend?"

Elroy pulled off the wig and said, "I think you're taking this too seriously. Maybe you need to get interested in something else."

"I just lost a good friend," Kyle said. "How could I be taking it too seriously? You're heartless sometimes. Your problem is you lack empathy."

"Look at it this way," Elroy said. "He's better off dead. He's not suffering anymore." Elroy believed in moving forward, not looking back. That's how he'd handled the death of his parents after the accident, and nothing would ever be worse than that.

"Like I said, nothing ever upsets you, Elroy. You're an iceberg."

Elroy sat down on Kyle's bed and looked into his eyes. "The way you're acting upsets me. I hate to see you this way. It kills me to see you so depressed and there's nothing I wouldn't do to make it better. And just so you know, when you lose your family the way I did a few years ago, then you can tell me how to act when someone insignificant like Lev Godwin dies. Because once you've been through the ultimate losses in life, like mother, father, husband, or wife, the minor ones don't matter as much. And that's just a cold, hard fact of life, buddy. So buck up and let the little foot-sniffer rest in peace once and for all." Then he got up and left Kyle alone for the rest of the night. There was only so much drama he could take at one time.

Through all this, Ricky the married guy had been Elroy's only stress relief. He continued to meet Ricky once or twice a week for what had turned into nothing more than fast sex that left him satisfied enough not to go looking for more until the next time he saw Ricky. The man was addictive; Elroy couldn't get enough of him. Elroy wanted to stop but couldn't seem to find a way to say no. He'd reached a point where he would plan to tell Ricky he didn't want to see him again, and then Ricky would throw him down, turn him over, and he'd forget everything he'd wanted to say. Elroy gave himself until New Year's to break it off for good. He knew deep down he had no emotional feelings for Ricky, and he wasn't fond of the control Ricky seemed to have over him.

When Kyle asked, "Would you like to come home with me for the holidays?" a few days before Christmas, Elroy's coffee went up his nose.

Elroy was in bed watching a video, planning the plausible excuse he would give his relatives for why he wouldn't be joining them that year for Christmas. He sent Kyle a glance and said, "You're joking."

"I'm serious," Kyle said. "I know you don't want to go home and spend Christmas with your family, and to be honest I don't want to go home alone."

"We could fly to Paris," Elroy said. "Or spend the holidays in New York."

For the first time in a long time, Kyle laughed. "I can't. I would love to, but not this year. I promised my mom I'd be home. She's old-fashioned about Christmas."

"They won't mind you bringing me along?" Elroy said. Now he definitely had the mother pegged as the controlling type. "I thought you said they weren't thrilled about you being gay."

"I'm not bringing you there as my lover or boyfriend," Kyle said. "Get that through your head. I'm bringing you there as my friend, my roommate. We won't be sleeping in the same bed."

Elroy thought for a moment. As he saw it he had three choices. He could turn Kyle down and spend Christmas alone-he'd been thinking about going to New York alone. He could turn Kyle down and spend Christmas with his dreadful, greedy, bloodsucking relatives and listen to their bourgeois stories of suburbia, from soccer to PTA meetings. Or he could spend Christmas with Kyle's homophobic family in the backwoods of fucking Vermont in the middle of nowhere, sleeping alone on a cot with synthetic sheets. Although the latter wasn't exactly what Elroy considered a good time, it was better than nothing and he would be with Kyle.

So Elroy smiled and said, "I'd love to spend Christmas with you and your family. We'll go shopping and we'll buy gifts for all of them. I still have to get something for you." Actually, with his mom and dad gone, Elroy didn't have anyone to buy Christmas gifts for.

"The adults don't exchange gifts in my family," Kyle said. "We think it's a waste of money. So no gifts, especially not for me."

What a fun bunch of people they were. Elroy frowned and said, "Does that mean I'm not getting a gift from you?" He liked presents, buying them and getting them.

"That's right. You're not getting a gift from me and I'm not expecting one from you, so please don't buy me one. My family thinks it's a waste of time and that Christmas has become too commercial."

"I see," said Elroy. "I'll go along with that this Christmas. No gifts. But if we're still friends next Christmas, I am buying you a Christmas present, and I'll be expecting one from you in return. And I don't give a flying fuck what your family thinks, so get that clear right now. All this goody-goody shit about not giving Christmas presents, and Christmas being too commercial, never sat well with me. I'm not the homespun type who likes homemade gifts from the heart, either. I want something nice, from a store, wrapped well." Though he wasn't sure he'd ever be Kyle's lover, he figured he'd get this out in the open sooner rather than later in case they did wind up together. Elroy was not going to take on the quirky fucked-up traditions of some other family. He would make his own traditions and Kyle would have to understand this.

Kyle smiled this time. "I can live with that. My family is a little extreme. But just this one Christmas, we don't exchange gifts. I just think it's too soon."

"Well, I can live with that, too." He didn't like it. But he didn't want to push him too far.

"Excellent. I'll tell them we'll be there on Christmas Eve."

"I'm surprised you're so happy," Elroy said. "I didn't think you wanted to spend Christmas with me."

"Don't flatter yourself," Kyle said. "You have a car and I don't want to take the bus to Vermont, is all."

Elroy felt a sharp sting in his gut. For a moment, his heart sank. Kyle had never said anything cruel to him before. He'd yelled at him; he'd corrected him, but he'd never been outright mean. Then Kyle glanced over at him and smiled. He didn't say a word. He just smiled and went back to reading his book.

Chapter Nineteen

"This is where you live?" Elroy asked. They'd been driving for what seemed an eternity. They'd pulled off a small narrow country road and turned onto a dirt road lined with tall trees. Elroy had to navigate the Porsche with care; there was snow on the ground and unexpected patches of ice. It was evident the road had been plowed, but not treated with chemicals.

"Welcome to Little Flower," Kyle said. "It's the smallest town in Vermont. It's not even on the map."

Elroy glanced around. There were nothing but tall trees and a dirt road that didn't seem to end. "Your family must own a lot of property."

"I actually own all six hundred acres," Kyle said. "When my dad was killed, he wanted to keep it in the family and he left it to me. My great-grandfather was a logger and he was the original owner. When my mom remarried Oscar, he moved in with his son and now they all live here."

"That's very generous of you," Elroy said. "I would have sold it and taken the money."

"It's my mom," Kyle said. "And Oscar is harmless in a primitive way. Besides, who do you know who wants six hundred worthless acres in the middle of nowhere? You haven't lived until you've been to Little Flower during mud season."

Elroy swerved to miss a patch of ice and laughed. "You have a point."

"And it's home," Kyle said. "I might build a home here myself someday."

"Who else lives here?" Elroy asked. "You said 'now they all live here.'" Though he didn't say this aloud, Elroy couldn't imagine anyone wanting to live back there. It had to be the most dismal place he'd ever been. And he'd seen the insides of more than one sleazy hotel room.

"Oscar's son, Jeremy. And Jeremy's wife and two kids also live here."

Elroy smiled. "Jeremy's the one who fucked you all through high school. I can't wait to meet him." Thanks to that idiot, Kyle didn't trust anyone. And Elroy was paying the price.

Kyle rolled his eyes and said, "Yes, that's Jeremy. But that ended a long time ago and I'd appreciate it if you kept that to yourself. No one else knows about it. I told you that in confidence."

"Of course I'll keep it to myself," Elroy said. "I'm cool with that shit."

The road widened and Kyle sent him an uncertain glance. They entered a clearing and Elroy saw a small white house with black shutters in the distance. It was one of those 1970s ranch-style affairs, with a bay window in front, a low-slung roof, and a black eagle decoration on the storm door. There were a few of those offensive inflatable Christmas decorations in the front yard: a large Santa and a snowman with a carrot for a nose. The windows were trimmed with multi-colored blinking lights and there was a plastic wreath on the front door with a squashed red bow that looked as if it had seen more than one Christmas. If the house hadn't been this far out in the woods it would have looked like a million other ranch-style homes throughout lower-end suburban Boston decorated with tacky discount store Christmas junk. Elroy had never actually been to a place like this and he'd always wondered how poor people lived.

Kyle told him to park next to a black pick-up truck with a sign that read, "Huberly and Sons Constructon."

"I thought you said Oscar only had the one son, Jeremy," Elroy said. "The sign on the truck says 'Sons,' not 'Son.'"

"Oscar had the sign made when he thought I was going to join the construction business," Kyle said. "He still thinks I will. That's the older truck. They must have taken Jeremy's truck to work today."

Kyle's mom met them at the front door. She welcomed them into the house and hugged Kyle in a stiff way. She shook Elroy's hand and said, "It's nice to meet you." She didn't offer him a hug.

Elroy squared his back and said, "It's nice to meet you, Mrs. Huberly. Your son has told me so many wonderful things about you." Elroy looked her up and down while he spoke, the same way he evaluated everyone the first time he met them. He could see she'd been an attractive woman at one time. Though she'd filled out over the years, she still had a nice figure and medium-length brown hair the same color as Kyle's. She wore jeans and a simple white blouse; no jewelry but a gold wedding band. Elroy saw traces of makeup, but nothing more than some foundation and a hint of lip gloss. Kyle and his mom were not identical, but Elroy noticed the family resemblance immediately.

"Call me Patty," she said. "We're not formal around here." Then she looked Elroy up and down as if she were evaluating him now. And he knew with that one statement he would have to be careful with her. He'd run across her kind before. She was the sweet quiet type who didn't wear a lot of makeup and pretended to be simple while she plotted and calculated her next move. Oh, he so wished he'd slept with Kyle at least once. That would have given him an edge with which she wouldn't have been able to compete. He'd never met a mother yet who could compete with him.

Elroy sent her his warmest smile. "Thank you for inviting me to your lovely home. It's just as I'd imagined it would be." This was true. He had imagined the worst. The best way to handle the sweet ones was by being even sweeter. And no one could be sweeter than Elroy when he wanted to be.

Patty led them into a family room off the kitchen with brown shag carpet and beer barrel tables next to brown and orange colonial furniture. She introduced Elroy to two small children watching a vacuous TV show that had loud piercing characters. The most expensive piece in the ugly room was the humungous TV, no doubt a place where Oscar and son Jeremy sat and watched football games all weekend, drinking beer and eating processed meat sandwiches. The room even smelled of stale beer and pretzels. Elroy wanted to put his hands over his ears, but smiled at little six-year-old Cadin and four-year-old Lorna and told Patty they were adorable. The rude little fuckers didn't even look up at him or their Uncle Kyle. They didn't say a word. They continued to watch the TV with glazed eyes and empty heads.

While Patty went back to the kitchen to prepare a dinner that smelled like crotch rot, Kyle and Elroy sat at opposite ends of the sofa in the family room. Elroy glanced at the fake Christmas tree and made a face. It was one of those newer fake trees that could be assembled in three parts, and pre-lit. It had been shoved into a corner next to a brown brick fireplace with a fake log and it rotated in constant circles. The ornaments were all plastic and it looked as if they'd been thrown on the tree instead of hung with care. Elroy sighed and took a quick breath. He never thought he'd see the day when he found a room where the fake wood paneling was the best feature.

Kyle pulled a book out of his backpack and started to read. Elroy pulled his phone out of his pocket and tried to find a signal. But they were too far out in the middle of bumblefuck nowhere to get onto the Internet. He couldn't do social media, he couldn't check his e-mail, and he couldn't even look at porn. He wound up reading a copy of People that had been left on the dark pine coffee table next to three half empty glasses of orange soda and a crushed beer can. The cover had been torn and he couldn't find a date of publication. When he opened the magazine and started to read about Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck's sordid affairs, he had to wonder how long that magazine had actually been there. He'd met Ben Affleck at a charity event in Boston last year and he was married now to a wonderful woman. He was just as adorable and now a successful, well-respected film director. And that annoying, self-promoting Jennifer Lopez was doing some kind of a reality show he couldn't name. It made him smile to read the old article long after they'd broken up.

From what Elroy could gather from the limited information he had, Kyle's stepdad and stepbrother were at work. Elroy wondered about all that talking that Kyle liked to do, because now that Kyle was in batshit, backwoods Vermont with his family, he barely said two words aloud. Now that Elroy would have liked him to talk more, he locked his lips together and buried his face in a book. At one point, Elroy wondered if he'd forgotten how to talk. Evidently, the stepdad and son of Huberly and Sons Construction were both out finishing up a kitchen remodel in the next town. Elroy had overheard that when Kyle's mom answered the telephone.

The sister-in-law, the mother of the two hideous little children who never stopped watching TV, came home from work a few minutes after Elroy and Kyle had arrived. Although no one made it clear to Elroy, he eventually managed to figure out she worked at a local tavern called Buddy's Joint. At first, Elroy's face lit up. From where he sat on the sofa he happened to be looking at the back door and could see anyone enter. He only caught a glimpse of her and she was out of sight again. But so far she was the only one who looked like she knew how to have a little fun. She had big bleached blond hair, long campy red fingernails with sparkles, and she wore a short black cocktail waitress uniform that showed cleavage cinched to her chin. Her figure was trim and she wore high heels taller than most of the drag queens Elroy had seen in Provincetown during Halloween weekend. For a moment, he actually grew excited. But the minute she opened her mouth to speak, Elroy lost all hope with her as well. Kyle's mom asked, "How was your day?" and the sister-in-law said, "I swear if those fucking fags at Buddy's don't give me a raise soon I'm quitting."

She said this after she'd walked through the door, before she knew Elroy and Kyle had arrived. Elroy figured she hadn't seen his car because he'd parked beside the big old pick-up truck. She was in the kitchen with Elroy's mom and hadn't even taken her coat off yet. Elroy sent Kyle a glance and Kyle stared down at his book with a red face.

After a moment of silence, the sister-in-law bounced into the family room with a huge fake smile and said, "I didn't know you boys were here. Well, isn't this nice?"

Elroy stood up to shake her hand. After the fag remark it was too late to be sincere so he faked a smile. His first-impression theory kicked in; he'd never been wrong.

Kyle closed his book slowly and stood up next.

"I'm Babe," she said, extending her hand to Elroy. "You must be Kyle's little friend from school." She looked him up and down, taking an extra second to stare at his crotch.

Elroy's eyebrows went up at once. She wasn't that much older than he was. The only thing that made him cringe more than being called a "boy" was being called little. He waited to see if she would stop chewing her bubble gum. When she didn't, he smiled and said, "Yes, I'm good old Kyle's little friend, Elroy."

"It's nice to meet you, hon," she said. She turned to Kyle and looked him up and down. Then she hugged him and said, "Sweetie, I think you've lost weight." She didn't compliment his new clothes, his new haircut, or his contact lenses. She didn't question what had happened to awkward young man who'd gone to Harvard with mismatched socks and a dented footlocker and returned as a handsome young man who could rival most male models. She went right for something negative on purpose, sticking the invisible knife in and twisting it around with a smile, not allowing Kyle to break out of the mold in which she'd always envisioned him. Oh, Elroy knew her kind all too well. He'd run into them before, both male and female.

Kyle shrugged and glanced down at the brown shag carpet with a defeated expression. All at once it looked as if he were wearing thick glasses and mismatched socks again. With one comment, she swept him back into all the torment in frustration of his teenaged years. Elroy wasn't sure whether to hug him or kick him in the ass for taking it.

Elroy smiled and squared his shoulders. He wasn't going to let her get off this easily. "And all he ever does is eat, Babe. I've never seen a guy eat so much, Babe. Why just last night he polished off two entire pizzas on his own, Babe." Elroy had never actually met anyone named Babe and it made him smile to say her name. Kyle didn't eat much. He was the pickiest eater Elroy had ever met. If they went to a restaurant, he picked and shoved his food around and they always wound up taking it home and Elroy would finish it later. What Kyle did eat was mostly junk food. Mention chocolate and his eyes glazed over. Ice cream seemed to give him an erection. But Elroy saw no point in missing an opportunity to play a few games with Babe.

Kyle's head went up. He appeared confused.

Babe glanced sideways as if she didn't believe Elroy. "Well, I'm just glad Kyle has met a friend like himself." She tossed her head back and laughed. She'd emphasized the word "friend" instead of saying boyfriend or lover or partner. And she did it in a way that suggested she was superior to them because she was straight and they were gay. "Kyle has this tendency to scare people away without even knowing it. I've always had the feeling he'd wind up a bachelor. He's never been a people person." Then she threw her head back and laughed even louder.

It was interesting to watch all this head tossing, yet her hair never moved. Later, he would find tall cans of Aqua Net hairspray-ultimate hold-under the bathroom sink. There was nothing Elroy loved more than dealing with a bitch who thought she knew it all and didn't know anything. He put his hand squarely on the small of Kyle's back and this time he laughed. "Oh, you'd be amazed at how talented shy little Kyle can be." Then he slapped Kyle on the ass right in front of her.

Kyle lurched forward.

The two goofy kids actually turned around that time to see what had happened.

Babe gaped for a moment and said, "Isn't that nice, hon? I'll go change for dinner." Either she knew she'd met her match with Elroy, or she didn't know how to reply. Either way, she couldn't seem to get out of the room fast enough.

When she was gone, Kyle spoke in a stage whisper so the kids wouldn't hear him. "What are you doing? Who knows what she thinks now? I don't want them to think we're lovers. We aren't lovers."

"But you love me," Elroy said. "You've told me that many times. And you know I love you."

"That's different," Kyle said. "You know what I mean."

Elroy sat down on the sofa and glanced at one of the kids. He couldn't remember their names-Colin and Becky, or something like that-and didn't care enough to ask. One of them was picking her nose, and the other scratched his ass. Elroy smiled at Kyle and shrugged. "She's a dumb bitch and she's homophobic. Who cares what she thinks? And if she calls me a boy one more time I'm going to stick a pencil in that bee's nest hairstyle when she's not looking."

Kyle rolled his eyes and sat down, as if he knew he could never win that argument. He just shrugged and said, "Just be good. I want things to go smoothly."

Elroy folded his hands on his lap and waited a few minutes. Then he leaned toward Kyle and asked. "Do you still love me?" He wanted to see him smile. He hadn't smiled since they'd arrived at this hell hole of big hair, bad furniture, and polyester fabric.

It took a minute. Kyle didn't look up from his book. But he eventually smiled and said, "Yes, I still love you."

About an hour later, Elroy heard the back door open with a clank, followed by heavy footsteps. He hadn't been watching the door because he'd become interested in the TV show, and he'd missed a glimpse of whoever had entered that time. He heard deep voices in the kitchen followed by soft whispers he couldn't make out. He knew they were talking about Kyle and his "friend" from school. Kyle's mom was probably preparing them to meet the "gay guy from Harvard." There would have been no other reason for them to whisper at that time of day. So Elroy took a deep breath and prepared to meet the stepdad and the stepbrother Kyle had been screwing around with all through high school. Although Elroy had mixed emotions about meeting the guy who had not only popped Kyle's gay cherry but had fucked him up a little in the head for other guys, he also found it mildly entertaining in a perverse sense.

Then both men walked into the family room at the same time and Elroy's heart stopped. The two dumb kids didn't get up or say hello to either their father or grandfather; they didn't even turn. Elroy pressed his palm to his stomach and gulped. While Kyle stood to shake his stepdad's hand, Elroy stood up and gaped at Kyle's stepbrother. Of all the things Elroy could have predicted about that weekend, this was not one of them.

Chapter Twenty

"This is my dad," Kyle said. He gestured to Elroy. "Dad, this is my roommate, Elroy. We're just friends." He spoke in a cold, even tone-as if trying to say, "And we're not having sex or anything like that." He didn't offer a last name and Elroy wasn't sure whether or not anyone in Kyle's family knew he had billions of dollars.

If Elroy hadn't been in such a state of shock, he would have noticed right away that Kyle had referred to Oscar as his "dad" and not his "stepdad" the way he always did at school. Elroy reached to shake his hand. "It's nice to meet you, Mr. Huberly."

The large man in a plaid jacket, jeans, and work boots nodded and forced a smile. "Call me Oscar, son." He shook Elroy's hand. "It's nice to meet you."

Then Kyle gestured to the younger man and said, "This is my brother, Jeremy." He didn't look Jeremy in the eye, and he didn't refer to him as his stepbrother either. "Jeremy, this is my buddy, Elroy."

Elroy glanced at Jeremy and reached out to shake his hand. "It's nice to meet you, Jeremy." He said his name with emphasis because he already knew him as Ricky, the married guy he'd been sleeping around with since Halloween weekend, not Jeremy Huberly, the infamous stepbrother who had taken his roommate's virginity.

It was evident Jeremy had been just as surprised. He shook Elroy's hand and said, "Nice to meet you, Elroy." He'd only known Elroy as Mike, the guy he'd been screwing around with on the side.

A minute later, Patty and Babe called the kids to wash up for supper and Jeremy left the room to change out of his work clothes. Oscar remained in the same clothes he'd worn all day and sat down in the family room to talk to Kyle and Elroy. It was a forced conversation; he couldn't look them in the eye for any length of time. But it was nice of him to take the time to do this. He asked questions about what they studied, trying to sound more interested than he really was. When he talked to Kyle, he seemed more worried than critical. He let Kyle know he could still work in construction after college if that's what he decided to do.

Kyle remained silent. He nodded a great deal and agreed with everything Oscar said. Oscar seemed to have a genuine interest in Kyle's well being. He also seemed to be trying hard to understand that Kyle was gay, and he worked just as hard not to say the wrong thing. He didn't refer to them as "boys." He didn't call attention to the fact that they were gay. He treated them the same way he would have treated them if they were straight. Although Elroy found him to be the most genuine family member he'd met so far, as well as refreshing, he couldn't stop thinking about what it would be like to get through the next few days with Jeremy.

At dinner, Elroy only spoke when someone asked him a direct question. Jeremy sat there picking his food while his wife, Babe, fawned all over him. Her actions appeared contrived, as if she were putting on a show for company. Even her voice rose and fell with a fake lilt. At one point, she reached sideways to cut Jeremy's meat and he shot her such a serious look, she sat back and pressed her hand to her throat. The good thing was that no one even suspected Jeremy and Elroy had been sneaking around together in Boston. Jeremy put on such a great act as the all-around straight guy, even Elroy had trouble picturing him in bed with a man. But more than that, they all must have been thinking the silence at the table had more to do with Elroy and Kyle being gay. Elroy had a feeling they were all wondering if he and Kyle were actually lovers.

At one quiet point during dinner, Babe turned to Elroy and said, "We were planning to set up the sofa bed in the den for you. We figured Kyle would sleep in his old room. His mom refuses to touch that room even though my kids have to share a tiny little room when there's an empty one going to waste all year with Kyle at school now. But if you boys would like to sleep on the pull-out sofa together, I can get that ready for both of you." She smiled when she said this, as if she thought Kyle and Elroy had come home for Christmas purely for her entertainment.

Patty dropped her fork.

Oscar cleared his throat. Before anyone had a chance to reply to Babe, Elroy stared her down and said, "I'm fine on the sofa bed alone, thanks. We have our own separate beds at school." He was sitting beside Kyle. He slapped Kyle on the back in a manly way and laughed. "But thanks for asking, Babe. You're such a thoughtful girl." He forced himself to hold back. He wanted to tell the bitch, "Why don't I just jump in bed with you and your husband, Babe? I've been sucking his dick for months so I doubt it will matter much to him."

Babe sent him one of her false smiles and said, "Suit yourself, sweetie."

He nodded and returned the fake smile. Now he'd been upgraded from "hon" to "sweetie." What could possibly happen next?

* * * * When it was time for bed, Patty made up the pull-out sofa in the den and Elroy thanked her. The minute the room went dark and he was finally alone, he rested his head against the polyester pillow and sighed aloud. The pillowcase had little rough bumps all over it and there was a lump in the sofa bed that poked his back. Getting through that Christmas Eve sober hadn't been easy. They had no vodka in the house; just beer. And Babe had been poking Jeremy in the ribs all evening, asking him why he was so quiet. Each time she'd asked, he'd grunted and said, "I'm tired."

Kyle seemed to sense something was wrong, too. Before he went into his childhood bedroom that night, he'd asked Elroy, "Are you okay? You seem quiet for some reason."

"I'm good. I tired," was all Elroy had said. "Why don't I sneak into your room tonight and we'll fool around while everyone else is sleeping?"

Kyle laughed this time. "I don't think so." But he did kiss him goodnight on the lips, and said, "If you need, anything let me know. I know you're not going to sleep tonight."

"How do you know that?" Kyle shrugged. "I pay attention. I know you slept well for the last two nights. I heard your breathing. That means you won't sleep well tonight."

This surprised Elroy. "You know my sleeping patterns?" A warm, pleasant feeling filled his body. He wanted to grab him, hug him, and carry him into the bedroom. No one else on Earth cared about the way he slept.

"I can't help it," Kyle said. "I'm only a few feet away from you."

"You do care about me more than you let on," Elroy said. He couldn't stop smiling now.

"Don't flatter yourself," Kyle said. He couldn't look at him.

This time Elroy glanced back and forth, then grabbed Kyle's shoulders and kissed him goodnight on the lips. "Thanks. No one has ever cared about whether I sleep or not."

"I know it's not easy for you," Kyle said. "I feel bad sometimes." Then he patted him on the shoulder and went into his bedroom.

At three o'clock in the morning Elroy felt the sofa bed move. When he opened his eyes and looked up, he saw Jeremy sitting at the foot of the bed. "What the fuck are you doing in here now? Your wife is practically in the next room."

"We have to talk," Jeremy said. His eyes were heavy and his breath smelled of beer.

"Just go back to bed, Ricky, and let's get through this holiday," Elroy said.

"Don't start that Ricky shit with me," Jeremy said. "You told me your name was Mike. What am I supposed to think now?"

Elroy sat up and moved farther away from him. "You're not supposed to think, Ricky. You're only supposed to fuck on command like a good stud. I'm sorry, Jeremy. There's nothing to think about. So go back to bed with your wife and leave me alone." He knew sleeping with married men could be dangerous. He never thought he'd wind up in this position. He'd always hoped his life story would wind up interesting. But he didn't want it to be this interesting.

"I'm talking about us," Jeremy said. "You know I can't get enough of you." He had a helpless expression; he seemed to be pleading. He looked rumpled and scruffy in his boxer shorts and white T-shirt.

Elroy closed his eyes. "What about us?" He wanted to tell him he'd been planning to end their affair before New Year's but decided not to get into that now. It wasn't the time or the place.

"I thought we had something special," Jeremy said. He moved closer and reached for Elroy's leg. "Can I come into bed for a minute? I'd like to hold you for just a minute."

"The only thing we have is sex," Elroy said. "That's not something special. We both know that."

"Can I get into bed with you for a minute?" His full erection was now sticking out of his boxer shorts. He made no attempt to cover it.

Elroy did not reply as fast as he should have. While he hesitated, staring at Jeremy's erection, Jeremy's hand slid under the covers and rested on the inside of his thigh. The next thing Elroy knew he was on his back with his sweatpants off and his legs wrapped around Jeremy's waist. By that time it was too late to answer. Jeremy had already put on the condom and pinned him to the bed.

* * * * They did it again the next day in the back of Jeremy's pick-up truck. While the rest of Kyle and his family watched the kids open Christmas gifts from Santa, Jeremy and Elroy went into town. Jeremy made up an excuse about going into town. He said he thought he'd left the lights on at the house where they'd been renovating the kitchen and he wanted to go back and check to see if he had. Oscar told him not to worry about it. But Jeremy refused to relax until he knew for sure, and he asked Elroy if he wanted to take a ride with him.

If Kyle thought there was anything unusual about this he didn't show it openly. He seemed more relaxed than Elroy had ever seen him since before Lev Godwin's death. Aside from Babe's snide gay comments, the rest of Kyle's family seemed to be accepting the fact that he was gay.

Babe didn't care about them going into town. She was too busy with the kids. Oscar wanted to take a nap and Patty had been in the kitchen since dawn roasting a turkey. So Jeremy and Elroy left the house and drove down another back road that looked even more isolated than where Kyle's family lived. Jeremy parked in a small turnaround between clusters of tall pine trees. Jeremy didn't even remove his clothes this time. While Elroy took off all his clothes, Jeremy just pulled down his zipper and put on a condom. When it was over, Elroy told himself this would be the last time they'd do this.

Before they left Vermont for Boston, Elroy and Jeremy did it again in a shed at the back end of the property. Neither of them took off their clothes this time because it was too cold. Jeremy grabbed Elroy by the neck and forced him over the tire of an old tractor. Then he pulled Elroy's pants down to his knees, pulled out another condom, and fucked him so hard there were black marks from the old tire all over the front of Elroy's jacket. Prior to this, Elroy had told everyone he was going out for a walk in the woods. Jeremy had told everyone he was going to the garage to work on the generator. When Elroy returned, he said he'd tripped and fallen on a tire and they all believed him.

The day they left Vermont, Elroy had a short talk with Jeremy. Enough was enough and he had to put an end to this. He cornered Jeremy in the family room while the rest of them were helping Kyle pack the car. "This is over," Elroy said. "It was fun while it lasted. But I'm done. If Kyle ever found out he'd never speak to either of us again."

"Why do you care so much about Kyle?" Jeremy asked. "He doesn't seem to give you the time of day."

Elroy shrugged. "I care about him, that's all." He didn't owe this man any explanation.

"You don't care about anyone but yourself and you know it," Jeremy said. "And we both know it takes a man like me to keep a man like you happy, not a pussy like Kyle. I know your needs."

Elroy thought about that for a moment. The part about Elroy not caring about anyone but himself was true, so he made no attempt to deny it. He simply smiled and said, "You're wrong about one thing. If there's one thing I care more about than myself, it's Kyle. And, just so it's clear, he's the only one I've ever felt that way about and I'm not going to hurt him."

"What if he finds out about us?"

"I didn't plan this with us," Elroy said. "I didn't know you were his stepbrother when we first met. If I had, nothing would have happened."

"You sound so sure of yourself," Jeremy said. He moved closer and tried to put his arms around Elroy. "I think something would have happened even if you knew I was Kyle's stepbrother."

To show him he meant business, Elroy grabbed his collar and yanked him forward. "That doesn't matter now. All that matters is that Kyle never find out about us. Do we understand each other?"

Jeremy seemed more than amused. He laughed and said, "We understand each other."

Elroy took a step back and said, "Kyle is the one thing I am sure of, Jeremy. Trust me. Nothing would have happened if I'd known you were his stepbrother. And that's not going to change. So be a good boy and make sure this never gets out. We both knew it would end anyway."

"You don't have to worry about me," Jeremy said. "I'm not a fag like you and Kyle. I don't want anyone knowing about it either."

Elroy laughed at that response. "Good."

Jeremy made one more attempt to hold him, but Elroy grabbed his wrists and said, "It's not going to happen, not now or ever again."

Chapter Twenty-One

On the way back to Boston, Kyle returned to his normal pattern of talking too much. But this time Elroy didn't mind, because Kyle seemed more focused on asking questions and he tended to answer himself without even consulting Elroy. Maybe all that silence had been building up through Christmas and he needed to get it all out in the car.

Kyle would sigh aloud and exhale, then would say, "How do you think my family handled having us both there this Christmas? Do you think it felt creepy?"

Before Elroy could reply, Kyle would answer aloud. "I think it was awkward for everyone. It's clear they aren't comfortable with gay people. At least it wasn't a complete train wreck, though. Babe is just an idiot, the kids don't really understand, and my mom seems to be struggling with me being gay to the point of not discussing it ever. I don't think she said more than ten words to you the entire time we were there. I didn't speak much to her. But I think Oscar seems to be accepting it better than anyone. He surprised me. And Jeremy seemed to be on his best behavior. He was so quiet I almost didn't recognize him."

When Elroy would open his mouth to speak, Kyle would continue on as if he were alone in the car. This didn't bother Elroy. He nodded in agreement, he smiled a lot, and he sometimes he even tuned Kyle out. On one long empty thirty-mile stretch between Vermont and Boston, Elroy went into some kind of altered state and didn't remember anything Kyle said at all. When he realized he had driven more than an hour and was almost back in Boston, he didn't know how he'd arrived at that point. It felt as if he'd been driving in a hypnotic trance, listening to the soothing hum of Kyle's familiar voice.

During the Christmas break, they took another road trip to Palm Beach. This time Elroy didn't get naked in the car so truckers could watch him jack off. He'd learned his lesson the first time they'd driven to Florida. But there was that one incident where Kyle caught him having an under-stall jack session in a rest stop in South Carolina. Kyle found Elroy and the guy in the next stall on their knees, pants down to their ankles, playing with each other's dicks under the wall that divided the stalls. Kyle had opened the door by accident and he'd found Elroy this way. Instead of scolding him the way he usually did, this time he glanced down at him, frowned, and shook his head in shame. And he didn't speak to him at all until they crossed over the Florida state line.

Elroy suggested they stop and spend the night in St. Augustine. "We can sightsee and do a few touristy things," he said. All that silence in the car was starting to freak him out. "I'll buy you something expensive."

Kyle flung his head sideways and said, "Or you can check out all the bathrooms in town. I'm sure there are plenty. And you know you can't buy me. I'm not for sale, thank you. Save that line for the trash you meet under bathroom stalls."

"That's not fair," Elroy said. It was one thing to punish him for something he'd actually done, but he wasn't going to let Kyle punish him for something he hadn't done yet. He'd only pulled his pants down in one bathroom. "In case you haven't noticed, I'm human and I have needs. Maybe if you'd let me fuck your brains out once in a while I wouldn't have to lurk around in restrooms, seriously, man."

"Ah well," Kyle said. He adjusted his position and moved closer to the door. "Isn't that a romantic thing to say? 'Let me fuck your brains out.' You know just how to get to a guy's heart."

At that point, Elroy hit the brakes and pulled to the side of the highway. He stopped the car and grabbed Kyle's arm. He shouted this time. "There's no way to win with you. I don't know what else to do. You know I'd do anything for you. I'd buy you anything, take you anywhere. And all I ever get is rejection. Like I said, I'm human and I have needs, too. Why don't you try blowing me the same way you're always blowing that fucking recorder, or fipple flute, or whatever the hell it is?"

Kyle jerked his arm out of Elroy's hand and said, "At first I thought there might be hope for you. I thought maybe I could change you. But just when I think I've made progress, you wind up doing something like you did in the restroom in South Carolina. I'm human, too. And I have emotional needs. How do you think I felt seeing that?"

"I said I was sorry," Elroy said. "What more can I do? Do you want me to go to church?"

"Grow up," Kyle said. "Stop acting like a spoiled child and take responsibility for something just once in your life. In case you haven't noticed, this isn't easy on me either. I have very strong feelings for you. That's why we've never had sex. I'm terrified that if we do you'll either wind up cheating on me, or you'll never want to have sex again with me." He stared down at his lap and spoke in a lower voice. "How's that for honesty, asshole?"

Elroy felt a sting in his gut. Though he knew Kyle was right about him, he wasn't sure he could change, and at the same time he wanted to change. He reached up and caressed Kyle's face and said, "I'm sorry. I'll try harder. But you have to lighten up a little, too. I realize what happened to you with Jeremy when you were a teenager left scars. I get that. But we all go through bad things and we eventually get over them." He leaned forward and grabbed Kyle's hands. "In case you haven't noticed, you're the only one on Earth I would be this patient with. If you were any other guy I would have moved on months ago."

Kyle looked into his eyes. "I've been curious about that. Why don't you just move on? You don't seem to have any morals, ethics, or scruples with anyone. Why don't you just forget all about me and do whatever you want to do? I sometimes think you'd be a lot happier."

Elroy rested back against the seat and laughed. He rubbed his eyes and said, "You're the only one, Kyle. I know better than anyone I'm far from perfect. All those things you say about me are true. I went into that restroom in South Carolina with good intentions. I didn't plan on doing what I did. It just happened and I couldn't resist. But with you I'm a different person. I'm not like that immoral, unethical asshole you just described. I know I'm different with you, and I like the way it feels."

"You weren't a different person with me in that rest room in Virginia," Kyle said. "It didn't seem to matter that I was standing right there when you practically let a stranger jack you off."

Elroy exhaled and said, "Okay, you're right. But I want to be a different person. I don't want to be the insensitive asshole I was in that rest room."

"Maybe I should start stalking you in public restrooms. Maybe I should be the sleazy type you seem to love so much," Kyle said.

This time Elroy leaned over the console and kissed him on the cheek. "You couldn't be sleazy if you tried. You're far too dignified for that, which is one of the things I love most about you. And no amount of money can buy that kind of style."

"It sounds like I can't seem to win," Kyle said. "You don't want me to be sleazy, yet you still want to fuck my brains out."

Elroy put his arm around him. "I want to know one thing right now. Is there hope for us?"

Without hesitation, Kyle turned and said, "I'm honestly not sure. I do love you, but I'm not sure I like you. I need more time."

Elroy kissed him on the cheek again and said, "I can live with that. I promise I'll change."

** * * * When the new semester began, Elroy started to get text messages from Jeremy. This time he didn't use the name Ricky. In the beginning Elroy ignored the messages. He didn't want to deal with Jeremy; he was trying too hard to change for Kyle. Then the messages started coming one after the other, and he finally had to reply.

He told Jeremy not to contact him. He sent return texts stating he wasn't interested in seeing Jeremy unless it was at an event that had something to do with Kyle's family. Jeremy ignored him and continued to insist they meet somewhere so they could talk. He told Elroy he missed him and needed to hold him just one more time. He even sent nude photos, hoping to entice Elroy with images of his dick.

By the end of February it reached a point where Elroy figured that if he saw Jeremy one last time and made it clear they would never have sex again, Jeremy would stop bothering him. Kyle had no idea what had been going on between Jeremy and Elroy, and Elroy wanted to keep it that way. Elroy even made sure he deleted all his text messages from Jeremy in case Kyle glanced at his phone by accident. Although Elroy and Kyle hadn't made love yet, Elroy had a feeling things were getting better between them. They hadn't argued once since they'd returned from Florida, and Elroy had been on his best behavior. It was the first time in his life he had gone more than a few days without having sex. He didn't even see Cheever and Cleaver Weaver anymore.

So Elroy told Jeremy to come to their room on a cold night Friday in February. Elroy knew Kyle would be out for the entire night. His recorder group was having a recital at someone's home in Cambridge and he told Elroy he wouldn't be home until well after one o'clock in the morning. This wasn't unusual. Kyle had begun to spend several nights a week with the people in his recorder group rehearsing for the recital.

When Jeremy knocked on the door, Elroy pulled him into the room and said, "I'm glad you came. This has to stop."

Jeremy was wearing his tightest jeans that night, the low-rise dark jeans that made a bulge in his crotch. Even though it was freezing outside, he didn't have a shirt on under his black leather jacket. The moment Elroy started talking, Jeremy put his arms around him and said, "I need you so fucking bad."

When Elroy pushed him away, he felt the muscles in his chest. He gulped and said, "It's not going to happen, Jeremy. You need to get that into your head once and for all."

Jeremy pulled down his zipper and reached inside his pants. "Then why did you tell me to come here?"

Elroy had to look up at the ceiling to avoid staring at his dick. It was hanging out of his tight jeans in a way that made Elroy wonder how he'd packed the big thing into those tight jeans in the first place. "I wanted you to see, in person, that it's over. If Kyle found out it would kill him."

Jeremy grabbed his dick and leaned back a little. "Kyle doesn't have to find out. Just one more time and I'll never bother you again. I swear on my life. I swear on my kids." He took a step toward Elroy. He had a full erection by then. "Just once more, please."

He was close enough for Elroy to inhale his masculine scent. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes. When Jeremy took another step toward him he reached down and wrapped his fingers around Jeremy's dick and said, "If we do this one more time you'll leave me alone for good. You'll stop texting and calling. I'm serious."

Jeremy reached around and slid his hand down the back of Elroy's sweatpants. He squeezed and said, "I promise I'll never bother you again after this one last time."

They wound up in Elroy's bed, both of them naked this time. He suspected that Jeremy hadn't been with anyone else either. Jeremy held Elroy with more force this time; he pinned him to the bed so hard Elroy couldn't move at all. When Jeremy lifted Elroy's legs and put on a condom, he entered him so fast Elroy started to scream and Jeremy had to shove his fingers into his mouth to quiet him.

Elroy wasn't worried about time. He knew Kyle wouldn't be home until one in the morning and he didn't rush Jeremy to the finish. He figured this one last time wouldn't hurt anyone and Kyle would never find out.

That w's why he didn't ask Jeremy to get dressed and leave right away. After Jeremy pulled out, Elroy went into the bathroom and he left Jeremy alone in his bed. Elroy glanced at the clock and saw it was only eleven and he still had two hours before Kyle would return. He knew that would be plenty of time to get all traces of Jeremy out of the room and no one would ever find out about his one last time with Jeremy. But when he looked into the bathroom mirror and realized what he'd just done, a rush of guilt passed through him in a way he'd never experienced before. All at once he thought about what Kyle would do if he knew about Jeremy and he felt like throwing up in the sink.

He knew he had to get Jeremy out of his bed and out of that room, so he wrapped a bath towel around his waist and started for the door. But at the same time he opened the bathroom door, he heard the door of their room open and the sound of people laughing. His heart began to race an; panic set in. Even though he wanted to run, he couldn't move his feet.

When he stepped out of the bathroom, he found a small group of people standing around Kyle. His heart pounded in his ears. They were all holding the same plastic recorders, an; they all had stunned expressions. One young woman had her palm pressed to her open mouth. One chubby guy had been so surprised he'd dropped his recorder next to his feet. Kyle's gaze remained fixed on Elroy's bed the entire time. He stood there motionless, gaping into his stepbrother's eyes. Although Jeremy had pulled up the covers fast enough to conceal most of his body, it was obvious he was naked.

Elroy secured the towel around his waist and said, "Why are you home so early?"

Kyle didn't look at him. He continued to stare at Jeremy. "The furnace in the house where we were supposed to have the recital broke down and I thought it would be nice to come back here and play a few songs for you. Obviously, you had more important things to do."

The other fipple flute people remained frozen, as if terrified to make a move in one direction or the other.

"It's not what you think, man," Elroy said. "I can explain."

Kyle turned and he sent Elroy a look of pure disdain. "There's no need to explain anything. I'm sorry we interrupted you."

Jeremy seemed even more stunned than Kyle. He sat there in the bed, with the covers pulled up to his chin with one hand and the other pressed to his stomach.

Kyle bent down and picked up the recorder the chubby guy had dropped. He handed it to him and said, "I'll see you next Thursday for rehearsal." Without a backward glance, he left the room and headed down the hallway.

Though Elroy ran after him, through the hall and down the stairs wearing nothing but short bath towel around his waist, he couldn't get Kyle to stop and listen. He called his namd and begged, bu; Kyle refused to acknowledge him. When they reached the bottom of the stairwell and Kyle walked out of the building into the cold, Elroy stopped and stood there with both hands pressed to the glass door. He watched Kyle walk into the dark night until he couldn't see him anymore, and then he turned around, went back to the room, and told Jeremy to leave him alone once and for all.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Kyle didn't return to the room until late Saturday night. Elroy had been there all that time waiting for him. He'd tried phoning but Kyle refused to answer his calls. He tried texting and received no replies. He even tried to contact him on social media, hoping he would get through to him somehow and explain everything and nothing happened.

When Kyle finally returned, he walked inside and lifted his hand. "I don't want to talk. I just want to sleep."

Elroy had been thinking about all this for almost twenty-four hours. "I have to explain. You need to know what happened." He knew he had to tell him the truth from now on.

Kyle glared at him. "I don't see how you're going to explain this. I took you home to meet my family and you wound up sleeping with my stepbrother. That's the kind of thing that speaks for itself, Elroy. You know, I knew you were no damn good all along, I just didn't think you were this bad. What's next? Are you going to sleep with my stepdad, too? I have a cousin in Connecticut. I'll give you his number."

Elroy had had enough. He punched the wall and said, "If you'd let me fucking explain you'd see it's not like that."

Kyle turned toward the door. "I can see you're not going to leave me alone. I'm getting out of here."

"No, you're not leaving until I tell you everything," Elroy said. Then he crossed to where Kyle was standing, grabbed him by the collar, and threw him down on the bed.

"Don't you push me around," Kyle said.

"I'm not pushing you around. I'm trying to get you to listen."

"I'm just as strong as you are and I'm not afraid of you," Kyle said, clenching his fists.

Elroy ran his fingers through his hair and said, "What are you talking about? I'm not going to fight with you. I don't want you to be afraid of me. I only want you to listen. I didn't know Jeremy was your stepbrother when I first met him."

This made Kyle unclench his fists and look up at Elroy. "What kind of bullshit is that?"

"I didn't meet Jeremy for the first time in Vermont at Christmas," Elroy said. "I met him the night you went to the Halloween party. I met him in Provincetown and he told me his name was Ricky. I had no idea he was your stepbrother. I never would have done anything with him if I had known."

Kyle seemed confused. "Jeremy is the married guy you've been seeing all along?"

Elroy walked over to where he was sitting on the bed and he got down on his knees in front of him. "Yes. I didn't even know his real name until we went to Vermont."

Kyle glanced at the ceiling and rolled his eyes. "Well, that explains part of the story. But what about last night? And how many times have you been with Jeremy since you found out he was my stepbrother." Elroy started to beg. He grabbed Kyle's hands and told him how Jeremy wouldn't leave him alone. He didn't go into detail, and he said he'd only been with Jeremy a few times since he'd found out; he didn't lie this time. While he begged, he felt a sting in his eyes for the first time since he'd watched his mom and dad being buried. He told Kyle he knew he'd made a mistake and pleaded with Kyle to forgive him. When he finished and there was nothing more to say, he rested his head on Kyle's lap and cried so hard his entire body trembled.

By that time Kyle had tears streaming down his face, too. He remained still, with his arms folded across his chest and his eyes focused on the window, while Elroy cried on his lap.

Elroy hadn't cried that hard in years, and he wouldn't cry that hard for years to come. Each tear that fell came from his heart; he'd never felt that vulnerable or alone in his life. He knew Kyle had no reason to forgive him for what he'd done with Jeremy. He wasn't sure he would have forgiven himself if he'd been Kyle. Each time he sobbed the words, "I'm so sorry," his chest caved in with the kind of emotion he'd never experienced before that night. This was real. He knew he'd lost Kyle and wouldn't be able to get him back again. And for that, above everything else, he was truly sorry.

then he felt Kyle's palm caress the top of his head. He heard Kyle sobbing and a tear drop landed on his cheek. With a wrecked voice that was barely audible, Kyle said, "I only wanted you to love me."

Elroy's head went up. He wiped his eyes. "But I do love you. I love you so much it hurts. I love you so much I can't sleep at night. Look at me. I'm on my knees begging now. I haven't cried since my mom and dad were killed in the accident. Just tell me what I have to do and I'll do it. Please don't give up on us. We're too good to end it now. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I want to marry you, I want to have a family with you, and I want to grow old with you."

Kyle started to cry even harder, but he continued to caress the top of Elroy's head. "I love you just as much. But how can I believe that? How can I trust you again?"

"Let me make love to you," Elroy said. "Let me hold you like I've wanted to hold you since the day I saw you carrying that ugly footlocker. I promise I'll never do anything to hurt you again. Please, let me show you how much I love you once and for all."

"What about Jeremy?"

"That was nothing," Elroy said. "That's why I never took it very seriously; you already know that because I told you that when I first started seeing him and thought his name was Ricky. And I made it clear to Jeremy last night that nothing would ever happen between us again. Please tell me you believe me, and let me make love to you."

For the first time since they'd met, Kyle seemed to put down all the invisible walls he'd built. He wiped his eyes and noddes. His body relaxed and he wrapped his arms around Elroy's shoulders. As Elroy slowly stood up so he could join Kyle in bed, Kyle buried his face in Elroy's neck and kissed him gently. That one gentle kiss, mingled with Kyle's tears, sent more energy through Elroy's body than anything any man had ever done to him.

When Elroy was in bed on top of Kyle, he said, "I want to know you believe me." He needed to know this for the sake of them as a couple.

Kyle caressed the back of his head and kissed him. "I know nothing is perfect. And yes, this time I do believe you. This time, for the first time, I think you're the man I always knew you could be. I love everything about you, even the bad things. But I love the strong, decent man I see deep down most of all. The man you keep hidden from everyone."

Elroy smiled and kissed his cheek. Even his tears tasted good. "I think you're the only one who sees me that way."

Then Kyle kissed him. With this kiss--...the first kiss they would share as lovers...the world turned into a nicer place. The need for Elroy to take control and satisfy himself turned into the desire to show the love of his life how much he loved him. And he did love Kyle enough to spend the rest of his life with him. He loved him enough to marry him and grow old with him. But most of all, he loved Kyle enough to become the man Kyle wanted him to be.

THE END

