Chapter 1

There's no electricity, no humming on my skin. But standing in the field beside him, I feel electrified, like the lightning flashing across the cloudy sky.

"This is silly." I frown at Alex and pout out my lip. "We've been trying for weeks and I still can't get it right."

A crooked smile plays at his lips. His green eyes shine lustrously. His dark brown hair is a mess all over his head and dangles in his eyes. "You'll get there. Practice makes perfect, right?" He saunters behind me and leans his head over my shoulder. "If you want to break into the City of Crystal, to get your dad back, you'll have to be able to protect yourself. Dyvinius and the Foreseers aren't going to go down without a fight."

I square my shoulders and summon some determination. The wind tangles my brown hair and Alex sweeps it to the side. Clutching the knife, I aim the blade at the target mounted on the tree.

"Breathe," he whispers. "And focus."

Releasing a breath, I flip the knife through the air toward the target. It flies like a dart, but stops several feet short of the tree, curving down and stabbing into the grass.

"You'll get it." Alex lets out a breath. "You want to practice using the sword instead?"

I tilt my head back, meeting his eyes. "Why does it feel like you're trying to turn me into a ninja?"

"I'm not. I'm trying to teach you how to defend yourself." He pauses, his eyes darkening with a look that makes my skin heat. "Although, you'd make one hell of a hot ninja."

My face remains stoic, even though my stomach spins a somersault. "Yeah, let's move onto the sword. I think the grass has had enough of my bad aims for one day."

He nods and heads to his old cherry-red Chevy Camaro to collect the swords. I hike to the tree and pick up the knife. It's verging on springtime, the leaves blossoming, the grass crisping with the warmer air. Lilacs flourish all around and the forest sings a gentle breeze. There's peacefulness in the air, but it's unnerving. Every time it's quiet, uneasiness plagues me. Even though Stephan and the Death Walkers are gone and the portal can't open, I fear danger and death are always around the corner, waiting for the perfect time to strike.

"You okay?" Alex waves his hand in front of my face. "What are those pretty violet eyes of yours staring at?"

I blink. "Nothing. I was just dazing off."

"You're worrying again." He rubs his jawline and adjusts the duffel bag on his shoulder. "I told you everything's going to be fine. No one's out to get us. We're out to get them."

We move to the middle of the field, where the grass is shorter and drier. Thunder booms and lightening reflects in our eyes.

"Are you sure we're safe out here?" I glance at the dark sky.

He hands me the sharp sword. "We're fine. Trust me."

"I do." I elevate the jagged blade engraved with the inscription: mortem ubique.

He poises his sword in front of him and arches an eyebrow. "You ready?"

I take a practice swing. "Yep, I'm ready."

He stalks me like a rival, but he won't hurt me. My feet are rooted to the ground. When he gets close, I spring forward and swing. He shields his knife up and our blades clink together. I twirl quickly and bring the sword around again, hoping that I don't actually hit him. He ducks and his hand snakes around my waist. He lurches me into him and my sword falls to the grass.

Alex laughs softly and his fingers explore my skin. "Rematch?"

I sigh, resting my head against his shoulder. "I think I might-"

I'm interrupted by the ground, vibrating violently beneath our feet. Alex's grip tightens on my hip as we're jolted sideways. The grass splits apart and the dirt rises. He stabs the sword in the dirt and forces our weight on it. But our feet lose traction as the field opens up, striving to swallow us whole.

I grasp onto Alex as my feet dangle into the bottomless hole. I blink, trying to foresee us the hell out of the way, but my head fills with a buzz that crushes inside my skull.

"Hold on!" he screams, shifting his feet onto the flat land. Still holding me with one hand, he rolls on his stomach and catches my other hand. Fighting against the world, he hauls me up, a shoe slipping off and disappearing into the darkness.

We collapse, panting, pulses racing. As the earth rumbles, we scurry to our feet and dash for the car. The ground waves after us, thunder booms, lightning strikes at the trees. It's the end of the world coming down on us. Again.

Then just as suddenly as the insanity began, it ceases. We halt and slowly turn around. Dirt has overtaken the grass. Trees are singed to a crisp and the sky is inactive and silent. Expanding out of the hole in the ground is a large willow tree. There is a person standing by the coarse trunk, but the branches cape down, shielding the person's identity. But it's a person I think I know.

Alex starts for the tree, but I draw him back, shaking my head. "Don't... that tree's from The Afterlife."

His eyebrows furrow as his eyes drift to the willow tree. A woman steps from underneath the wispy branches. Her white hair dances around her elongated face, her red lips are pursed together, and her silver eyes shimmer.

"That's Annabella," I hiss, my limbs stiffening. "What's she doing here?"

Alex aims the sword at her. "Why are you here?"

Annabella-the Queen of Essences-smoothes the wrinkles in her white dress, her eyes targeted on us, her lips refusing to speak.

Alex charily steps for her, a warning lacing his tone. "Annabella, what do you want?"

She smiles, motioning her hand, beckoning us to come closer.

"I don't think it's a good idea." My palms sweat. "This is too weird."

Alex doesn't listen. He holds my hand, edging us closer to Annabella and the willow tree. After we're within arm's reach, Annabella's mouth creeps to a smile. Her skin crumbles from her face. Her hair alters from white to grey, her lips thin out, and her silver eyes hollow into her head.

"It's a trick!" I back away from the Queen of the Afterlife, towing Alex with me. But his feet stay planted. "Alex, come on!"

"He can't." The Queen's grin expands. "He's mine now."

Shaking my head, I tug fiercely on Alex's hand. "No! You can't take him! Not without me!"

"Oh, but I can." Her wicked snicker echoes. "You out of all people should understand every situation has a loophole."

She's right. On my list of life lessons, loopholes are number one.

"No!" I grunt and dig my sneakers into the dirt, heaving Alex with every ounce of my strength.

He won't budge, hypnotized by the Queen. He strides for her, wiggling his hand free from mine.

I fall on my butt. "Alex!" I scramble to my feet, but slam against an invisible wall guarding me from the willow tree. I bang my fists on the wall. "You can't take him! Not without me!"

It's too late. Alex is beside her as the tree sinks back below the ground. Hot tears escape my eyes. I let out a bloodcurdling scream. "This was all supposed to be over!"

The only answer is the crash of the thunder.

Chapter 2

I jolt awake, gripping the blanket, drenched in sweat, my heart pounding like a madman inside my chest. Silver and blue lightning bolts flash and thunder clatters at the bedroom window. It was just a dream, I tell myself. But being a Foreseer, dreams aren't always just dreams. Sometimes they're warnings of the impending future. Alex and I eluded death once, because our souls are connected; something we discovered after sacrificing our souls for each other's lives. I handed mine over to Helena, the Queen of The Afterlife, who reins over the lost and tortured souls. Alex gave his to a greedy banshee, who was collecting free souls to gain power in the hope of taking the Queen of The Afterlife's place. But Annabella released us from our duty, stating neither the Queen nor the Banshee could just take one of our souls-they'd have to take them together. It was then that I learned good still existed in the world, because she could have turned both our souls over to one of them.

I climb out of bed, wrap my arms around myself, and pad to the door. The Keepers' castle is always cold. After moving in, I discovered the brick structure is ancient, with only fireplaces to heat the rooms.

I hurry down the hall, hoping I don't wake up anyone. I stop in front of Alex's bedroom door. It's late and I almost leave. But worry nags my gut. I have to see him-I have to know he's okay.

My fist falls against the door. "Alex." Silence returns my knock and I rap on the door again. The sound of my knock reverberates loudly through the sleeping castle. "God, he sleeps like the dead." I sigh and soundlessly push the door open.

His room is dark. I feel my way around the wall and to his bed. "Alex, wake up." My fingers search for him, but only encounter the blankets and pillows. My heart constricts in my chest as I remember the dream.

I jump at the sharp snap of the thunder. Rain rushes down, striking the window like needles "Damn it," I curse under my breath, hyped up over nothing.

Arms envelop my waist and draw me back. It's Alex and I relax, breathing in the warmth flowing from his skin.

"Where were you?" I turn, seeking his eyes through the darkness.

He's close, shirtless, wearing black drawstring pajama bottoms. He tucks a strand of my hair behind my ear, his lips a sliver away from mine. "Getting a drink of water from downstairs... What are you doing up this late at night? In my room?"

I shrug. "I had a dream and couldn't go back to sleep."

"A bad one?" he questions. Lightning blazes outside the window, illuminating the room and his bright green eyes.

I nod, swallowing the lump in my throat. "It definitely wasn't the best dream I've had."

"You want to tell me about it?" he asks, sketching my lips with his thumb.

I yawn. "Not right now. But in the morning I do. I just needed to see if you were okay."

"Okay," he says, understanding the dream was about him.

I give him a small hug and start to depart for the door. His arms tighten and he urges my body against his, so every part of us is touching.

"You should stay," he whispers, his warm breath feathering my cheek.

I hesitate, my gaze skimming to his bed. Whenever things get too heated between us, my emotions get the best of me. Some of them are so fresh that I have a hard time dealing with them. Eventually, I'll have to learn or our relationship will go nowhere.

"We'll just sleep." He laughs at my rigid reaction. "Jeez, Gemma, get your mind out of the gutter."

I shake my head and playfully shove him. Then we climb into his bed. I'm wearing plaid pajama shorts and my legs are ice-cold. I tuck my feet under his legs to warm them up.

"It's really coming down out there." He observes the rain splashing against the window.

"Yeah..." I trail off, distracted by my dream-there was lightning in it.

His finger traces my cheekbone. "What are you thinking about?"

"Just stuff... about you."

"What about me?"

I find his hand under the blanket and interlace our fingers. "I just don't want to lose you." My voice shudders like it always does whenever I speak my feelings aloud.

"You won't." His fingers rub the black star marking my wrist-our forever mark. "See this thing right here. It means you're stuck with me forever, whether you like it or not."

I stifle a smile, stroke the star on his wrist, and graze his lips with mine, giving him a quick kiss. I lean back, but his hand cups the back of my neck and he deepens the kiss. His tongue slides in my mouth and my whole body shivers. His chest presses against mine and our legs tangle together. I choke my anxiousness down and clutch the hem of his shirt as I roll onto my back.

He shifts over me, rising on his elbows, licking his lips, wanting more.

"You said we were just going to sleep," I joke, my nerves jumbled.

He arches an eyebrow. "You want me to stop?"

"Not yet." My breath falters and I seal my lips to his.

He moans in response and pulls me closer, until there's no space left between us. We stay that way until the sun rises, breaks through the clouds, and silences the storm. As I drift to sleep, cuddled against him, I can't help but think how beautiful the moment is. But it's fleeting and soon I'm consumed with a dark thought.

What if our forever has a loophole?

Chapter 3

I wake up to an empty bed. Outside the window, the golden sun glistens across the rippling lake and the trees drip from last night's rainstorm. I sit up and stretch, ears perking to the voices downstairs. I glance at my watch.

"Two o'clock?" I mutter to myself. "What the hell am I still doing in bed?"

I shuffle into the hallway, lit by lanterns that hook into the brick walls. All four of us live in the Keeper's castle-Alex, Aislin, Laylen and myself. My grandmother, Sophia, sometimes stays in the master suite, when she's not off on one of her "travels."

The castle technically belongs to the Keepers, but none of them visit. Not after Stephan and his slaughtering spree. None of us know how many Keepers survived. We could gather everyone together, but Alex says it's a useless attempt unless the world is endangered. So as far as I know there are five Keepers left: Alex, Aislin, Laylen, Sophia, and myself. But Alex assures me there's more.

As I pass the banister, I freeze at the sound of a voice I haven't heard in a while. I back up and trot downstairs, not caring that I'm barefoot and half dressed in pajama shorts and a tank top. Alex, Aislin, and Laylen are gathered in the living room, having a private conversation. But that's not what's pissing me off.

Nicholas sits comfortably in the opposite sofa, sipping a cup of coffee.

"Why are you here?" I cross my arms and narrow my eyes at the tricky blonde faerie/Foreseer. "I thought we told you to stay away."

Nicholas' golden eyes travel up me and a menacing look consumes his face. "Did you throw on that outfit for me? Or do you always walk around half nak*d?"

I don't budge so he won't know he's getting under my skin. "Again, why are you here?"

He sets the cup on the coffee table and rests back in the red velvet sofa. "Oh, don't pretend like you don't want me here. You know you do. You're still just pissed because I won't help you save your father from the Room of Forbidden. But I've already told you I don't know where the Crystal of Limitation is."

The Crystal of Limitation is a device that can free a Foreseer from the solitaire of their mind, also known as the Room of Forbidden-a place where a Foreseer is sent after they commit a crime. Or in my father's case, they get branded with the Mark of Evil and alter the world's future by tampering with visions.

I clutch my hands into fists and stalk toward him. "Letting my dad stay trapped in his mind is wrong."

Nicholas stands up. "Wrong or not, it's the consequences he has to pay for being a Foreseer who tampered with visions."

I get in his face, breathing fire. "I fixed the vision. He shouldn't have to suffer anymore. And you know how to free him, but you won't share it!"

His eyes scorch like cinders. "Lean a bit closer and we'd be kissing."

"Move a little closer." My voice is low, nearly a growl. "And I could kick you between the legs."

He licks his lips. "You know you secretly enjoy this. Deep down inside, you want to be with me. You just won't admit it."

An image presses against my mind of our lips touching, my fingers running through his hair, his hands on my back...

"What's the matter, Gemma," Nicholas whispers. "See something you like?"

I don't have a clue what's wrong with me, but there's definitely something wrong because I have never EVER thought of Nicholas that way, nor do I want to. My skin reddens and adrenaline zips through my blood.

"You did something to me." I start to back away, but he clamps his hands on my wrist. Aislin and Laylen leap to their feet, ready to throw him down.

"You know you want me," he purrs. "I can almost see the thoughts going through your head."

A red faced Alex appears by my side. He shoves Nicholas toward the doorway. "Alright, I think it's time for you to go," he says, giving Nicholas another rough push.

Nicholas laughs venomously. "I'll leave when I want."

Alex grips the collar of Nicholas' green shirt. "Wanna bet?" He drags him out of the room with the faerie yelling, taking swings, and pinching.

My heart settles and my nerves calm. I shove what happened out of my mind and turn back to Aislin and Laylen. "Why is he here?"

Laylen kicks his longs legs up on the table and fiddles with his lip ring. The tips of his blonde bangs are dyed blue and his eyes are the brightest shade of blue I've ever seen. "Because trouble's brewing in the Faerie Realm." His eyes meet mine. "You know, I think he secretly likes being the bearer of bad news."

I sink into the velvet sofa. "It's not a secret-he likes it and wants us to know it." I sigh. "So what's the trouble?"

Laylen scratches at his arm. The spot that once bore the Mark of Immortality before Aislin used her Wicca power to erase it. Laylen is half-vampire, but the good kind that don't bite. Well, except for the occasional breakdown. But his last episode was ages ago, after I forced him to drink my blood to save him from death. Well, he did have another breakdown after that, but only because he was being controlled by the Mark of Evil.

"You remember the Empress of the Faerie Realm?" he inquires.

"Luna," I say. "How could I forget? Oh, no... she isn't coming after the spell Aislin owes her, is she?"

"Yep," Laylen nods. "But we all knew it would happen eventually. She allowed us into her world, therefore we owe her."

I pick at a loose thread sticking up on the sofa, noting Aislin's silence. "It's okay," I tell her. "We'll figure something out. You won't have to do the spell."

She blinks dazedly. "What... Oh, yeah. I know."

Laylen pats her leg reassuringly. "We'll figure out how to save Aleesa too."

Aislin tucks her golden brown hair behind her ears and dabs tears from the corners of her eyes. Then she inches her leg away from Laylen's hand.

"What's wrong with Aleesa? Is she in trouble?" I ask. Laylen gapes at me like it's the silliest question he's ever heard. "Well, okay, she is Aleesa, I guess. But what's going on?"

Alex walks in rolling up the sleeves of his black shirt. "Our half-sister, who we barely know, has gotten herself into some trouble with the faeries." He flops down, relaxes his knee against mine, and drapes his arm behind my head. "Apparently, Luna was never informed she was only half-fey, and half-Keeper. So she's pissed."

"I thought she already knew?" I run my fingers through my hair and gather it out of my face.

"She knew she was part something," Aislin explains quietly. "But not half-Keeper. And the empress of the Faerie Realm isn't too thrilled having someone who's part of a group who protects the world from vampire, witches, and fey."

"Okay, so let Luna kick Aleesa out," I say with a shrug. "She can come live with us."

Alex massages gentle circles on my shoulders with his thumbs. "If only it were that easy. But it's not. The Empress doesn't want to let her go."

It clicks. "She wants us to go there, so Aislin has to give her the spell Luna thinks she owes."

Aislin grunts begrudgingly. "Exactly. And according to Nicholas, Aleesa's in withholding until we save her."

"So why don't we go on a rescue mission?" I ask. "Aren't we pros at that?"

"I can't go." Aislin stands up and tugs down her white frilly skirt. "If I step foot in that realm, Luna will force me to use my magic and free her into this world. And I won't do it. I won't use my magic for evil." She storms off, her hair flying behind her.

"Aislin, wait." Laylen chases after her, his head almost clipping the top of the doorway.

"Did I miss something?" I ask Alex.

"They're arguing about something." He slips a finger under my chin and steers my head toward him.

"They've been fighting a lot," I say. "Is something going on that I don't know about?"

"I think it's the lack of what's going on that's the problem."

"I thought they were doing better-I thought both of them were over their insecurities."

He lets out a breath and leans back in the sofa, resting his foot up on his knee. "Aislin's pissed because Laylen disappeared the other night and won't tell her where he went."

I zip my lips together. I know where Laylen went that night. "Oh yeah... hmm... seems like a silly thing to get mad over."

He reads me like an open book. "You know where he was, don't you?"

"I promised I wouldn't tell." I bite my lip and change the subject. "So what else did Nicholas have to say? And why was he delivering messages for Luna? I thought she hated him?"

"She does," he says. "I'm sure there's more to Nicholas' story than what he's saying. I think he might be in some trouble with Luna and as a favor, is luring us there."

"So what do we do?" I ask, fiddling with a hole in the knee of his jeans.

"The only thing we can do-go and save Aleesa. Bring her back." He flattens his palms on the tops of my bare legs, triggering goosebumps on my skin. "But you're going to need to practice some more on your fighting skills."

My muscles stiffen as I recollect last night's dream.

"What's wrong?" A worry-line grooves between his brows.

"It's about the dream I had last night," I say and divulge what happened.

"You dreamt Annabella came and stole me away?" he asks when I'm finished.

"Not Annabella." I sigh. "It was The Queen of the Afterlife disguised as Annabella."

His thumbs knead my thighs. "Gemma, everything's going to be okay. The connection of our souls is what keeps us free. They can't just take one of us."

"But what if there's a loophole," I breathe. "The Blood Promise that connected our souls... what if there was some kind of loophole and someone discovered it. I mean, we were just kids when we made it. A lot could have gone wrong."

"There's no loophole." He brushes my hair back, his eyes blazing with passion. "Not with this. I'll love you forever and nothing will change that."

My lips part in protest, but his mouth comes down on mine and steals my words away. "What about the Crystal of Limitation?" I pull back, breathless. "I know Nicholas knows where it is."

His face sinks. "Even if he did know where the crystal was, Nicholas isn't going to tell us. I think our best bet is to find another way to free your dad." He leans in again, and this time I let him kiss me. I let myself forget about the problems. I forget about everything for the moment. Because that's what his kisses do to me-they take me away.

***

"Hurry up and get changed, then we'll go practice," Alex says after an hour of making out.

I lick my swollen lips, nod, and hustle upstairs. I pretend to go to my room, and then backtrack after Alex leaves the bottom of the stairway.

I rap on Laylen's door, crossing my fingers he's alone. "Laylen, open up. It's me."

A shuffle of footsteps and the door creaks open. "You know she's super pissed, right?" Laylen lets me in and shuts the door. He's wearing black jeans and no shirt. Cupping his shoulder is a circle ringed by gold flames-his Keeper's mark.

"Why aren't you dressed?" I ask.

His eyes roam down my body and he grins. "I should be asking you the same question." He slips on a black button-down shirt. "There. Better?"

I shrug and make myself at home on his bed. "Sorry Aislin's pissed. You can tell her if you want. As long as she won't tell Alex. Because if he finds out, this plan goes straight down the toilet. You know he won't be on board with it."

He tosses a pair of black boots on the floor and joins me on the bed, buttoning his shirt. "Nah. It's better she doesn't know. You know how nervous she gets when she's trying to keep a secret."

I nod, agreeing. "So what'd you find out?"

He smiles, pulls a piece of paper out of his pocket, and hands it to me.

I unfolded it. "Is this an address?"

"To a very important place." He picks up a boot and puts it on. "Have you ever heard of a woman named Nalina?"

I shake my head. "Should I have though?"

"She's Dyvinius' sister." He laces up the boot. "Who just happens to be a very powerful Foreseer."

"I see where you're going with this," I say. "But why would she help me free my dad? She's Dyvinius sister. And Dyvinius is dead set on keeping my dad trapped in his own head. It's like he has a grudge against him or something."

"He does." He steals the paper from my fingers and wiggles his foot into the other boot. "Delmonte, the man who gave me this paper, says Dyvinius won't let your dad out because he's scared he'd try to take Dyvinius' place as the leader of the City of Crystal."

"Come again?" I sputter. "How could my dad become the leader of the City of Crystal? Isn't it like an inherited position or something?"

"It's a power position," Laylen clarifies, tying the shoelace in a knot. "And I guess before your dad was imprisoned in The Room of Forbidden, he was getting more powerful than Dyvinius."

"So Dyvinius is glad my dad's trapped there. Because if he's there then he can't be out here, trying to dethrone him or whatever," I say. "But what's this Nalina person going to do about it?"

"Well, according to Delmonte, Nalina holds a big grudge against Dyvinius for banishing her from the City of Crystal and she might disclose the location of the Crystal of Limitation." Laylen takes a studded belt out of a dresser drawer. "Delmonte's a real chatterbox. I think from now on we should go to him for info."

"Isn't he a vampire?" I ask uneasily.

Laylen loops the studded belt through the top of his jeans. "Not all vampires are bad, Gemma. You know that."

"I know, but I thought you had to be careful around them after you killed Vladislav." I watch him warily, wondering why he's so relaxed. Laylen is basically on death row with most vampires after killing Vladislav-a very important vampire-to save me.

He buckles his belt. "God, I'd almost forgotten about that. It seems like it has been forever."

"But have other vampires forgotten about it?" I point out. "Because if you cross paths with one that knows what you did, you're in some deep trouble. There are good vampires, Laylen, but there are some evil ones too."

He flashes a grin, faking offense. "Are you saying that I can't defend myself against a mob of angry vampires?"

"I'm saying I don't want to ever find out." I gently touch his arm, wanting him to understand. "I worry about you, you know. And besides, it's my fault you're in this mess in the first place. You killed Vladislav because of me-because I wanted to free my... mom from The Underworld."

A glitch of quietness stills the room at the mention of my mom, who died to protect me from Stephan.

He rubs my back. "I'll be careful. I promise. You don't need to worry about me."

"I always worry about you." I twist my necklace-the one my mother gave me. It's silver, heart-shaped, and encrusted with a purple stone. "Just to be safe, maybe I should go to Nalina's on my own."

"She's a Foreseer, not a vampire," Laylen says. "If anyone's in danger there, it'd be you."

"She doesn't need to know I'm a Foreseer," I tell him. "I haven't used my power in a while."

A smile threatens his lips and he tugs on a strand of my hair. "So the mark on the back of your neck won't tip her off or anything."

Rearranging my hair, I cover the black circle wrapping the S-the Foreseer mark-on the back of my neck. "Yeah, I guess it might." I huff out a breath. "You're right. We should go together, but not now. Right now I have to go practice fighting."

"Tonight then? After everyone dozes off?"

"Sounds like a plan. Besides, I've been sleeping like crap anyway."

"Are you having nightmares again?" he asks and I nod. "You want to talk about it?"

I shake my head. "It'll be okay. I just stress about dreams sometimes."

He looks like he wants to press me for the details, but he doesn't. That's the good thing about Laylen. He knows when to back off.

We head our separate ways. I go to my room and change into a pair of torn jeans and a black and red tee. Then I pull my hair back in a ponytail and meet Alex outside. The sun is shining against the clear sky. Birds chirp, the leaves crinkle, and the lake splashes against the shore. Ever since I died and came back to life, I notice the little sounds of life. Like my heart for instance; I'm always aware of it, beating in my chest, reminding me that I got a second chance at life.

Alex is sitting on the hood of his Chevy Camaro, sharpening a silver sword with a black handle shaped like a serpents head. "That took a while," he remarks, not looking up.

I hop on the hood and let my legs dangle. "I talked to Laylen for a minute."

He raises his eyebrows, eyes glued to the sword as he drags the sharpener up the blade. "Did you talk about anything interesting?"

"Not really," I say. He's giving off a strange vibe. "I just wanted to pry and see if things between him and Aislin were okay."

He sets the sword on the hood and stares down the dirt road. "You sure that's all you talked about?"

I shield my eyes from the sun. "Yeah... What's up with you? You were fine just a few minutes ago."

"That's before I realized you'd rather ask Laylen for help than me." He finally looks at me. "I thought you trusted me now."

"I do trust you." I fidget with my leather watch band. "But sometimes you're a little too protective and you try to stop me from doing things that are important."

"I stop you because they're too dangerous," he practically growls. "You always want to do things that could get you killed. And one of these times you might not get a get-out-of-jail-free card."

"What's your problem?" I slide off the hood, my shoes landing in a puddle. "And how do you even know I was asking Laylen for help?"

"I overheard you." He jumps to his feet. "I went to ask Laylen a question-why he thinks this stupid thing," he kicks the tire of the car, "keeps cutting out."

I stare at his car. "How much did you hear?"

"Everything." He places a hand on each of side of my face. "Going around asking strangers to help save your dad, isn't a good idea. Nalina may have a grudge against Dyvinius, but it doesn't mean you can trust her. You can't trust most people-you should know that."

"I don't trust her." My fingers graze his shoulder blades as I enfold my arms around his neck. "But it doesn't hurt to see what she knows. She might not help me, but there's a chance she might. And to me, that's worth the risk." With my fingers, I trace a soft line down his spine, watching his jaw tighten. "Besides, I'm not the star anymore. I'm not important."

"You'll always be important." He voice is feral. He lifts me up and I enclose my legs around his waist. "Whether you're carrying a star's energy or not."

I lick my lips, waiting zealously for him to kiss me. Instead, he releases me to the ground and scoops up the sword.

"We should get going." He opens the car door and tosses the sword onto the backseat. "We've got a lot to cover and it's getting late."

I climb in the car and we peel down the road. I notice the shift in the weather, the darkening of the clouds, the potential for a lightning storm. I wonder what's waiting for us at the field.

Chapter 4

"To become a master fighter, you have to practice. A lot. " Alex is back to his normal self, his arms encompassing my hips, a tease in his voice. He inclines his head down, caressing his warm lips against my ear. "You can't cheat to get there."

I shudder from the feel of his lips and let out a somewhat embarrassing moan.

We're out in the field, surrounded by thousands of violets and flourishing trees. The grass hisses at our legs and the grey clouds menace the sky.

"I'm not trying to cheat." With a sword in my hand, I break from his grip and spin, ready to pounce. "I'm just looking for a quicker way." The sky grumbles like an empty belly and my eyes elevate to the clouds. "Maybe we should go. I think it's going to rain."

"A master fighter wouldn't run from the rain," he teases like he's a fighting guru. He rotates on his heels and cuts the grass with the sword.

"I never claimed to be one." I dig the tip of my sword into the ground and lean my weight on it. "And I don't want to get wet from the rain."

"If you want to go see Nalina," he says. "Then you're going to need to know how to protect yourself. You are a Keeper, Gemma. You have it in you."

I stare at the spot in the grassy field where the ground opened up in my dream. "I understand that, but I mean..." I puff a frustrated breath. "This is how it happened, you know. A cloudy sky, a violent storm, the ground opens and then The Queen of the Afterlife steals you."

He lets the sword fall to the ground and he threads his fingers through mine. "Hey, I already said I'm not going anywhere. So just relax."

I hate when he's so blase about important stuff. "Fine." I poise my sword at him and he scoops his up from the ground. "So now that you're in a good mood, do you want to share with me why you were so pissed off earlier?"

He swishes the sword at the air. "I already told you why."

"You're not just mad that I went to Laylen for help instead of you. There's something else bugging you. I can tell."

He rubs the back of his neck tensely. "Because you were keeping stuff from me. And I don't like it."

"I'm sorry," I apologize. "I just didn't think you'd be on board with going where Laylen went to get some answers."

"I wouldn't have been-I'm not. Delmonte is a dangerous vampire-most vampires are. He could be playing you. For all you know that address you have tucked in your pocket could lead you into a vampire trap."

"A trap for what?" I kick a rock out of the way. "What do we have that a vampire would want?"

His gaze burns my skin. "You."

"Nobody wants me, Alex." I move to pivot the sword, but fumble and drop it. "I have no value other than I'm a Keeper who can't fight with a sword."

"More people want you than you think," he mumbles, kicking at the dirt.

Ignoring his comment, I try to make peace. "If you want, you can come with me and Laylen to see Nalina."

He relaxes a little, like he's been waiting for the invite. "I'll go, but only if you want me to come."

"I do." I flip the sword around. "Now quit being a baby and teach me how to fight."

We practice until the clouds rumble, the sky drizzles, and the air chills. We gather our stuff and hike for the car. By the time we reach it, the rain's pouring down hard. My hair's soaked, my shirt's drenched, and I'm shivering from the rapid temperature drop.

We hop inside the car and Alex cranks the heater. "And it looked like it was going to be such a great day this morning." He peers up at the sky through the rain-splatter windshield.

I don't answer, staring through the rain, at a single red rose petal blowing in the wind.

"What are you looking at?" Alex follows my line of gaze and his eyebrows knit together. "What the hell is that?"

The rose petal floats unbothered, making a path straight for us, finally residing on the windshield.

"An omen," I breathe, fogging up the side window.

Alex looks from me to the petal and starts to roll the window down.

"Stop!" I shout, clutching his elbow.

He gapes at me like I've lost my mind. "It's just a petal, Gemma. I don't get why you're freaking out."

"Because Annabella's world is full of them," I say quietly, a chill spilling through my body. "Now can we go? Please. I have a bad feeling."

He hesitates, then shifts the car into reverse and backs up. Gravel and sludge whip against the mud flaps. The tires spin and the engine roars before stalling over.

"You have got to be kidding me." I grimace.

Alex holds up a finger. "Give it a second." He turns the key in the ignition and the engine makes a noise like a dying cat. It happens over and over again, until he throws his hands in the air. "Stupid piece of crap." He bangs on the steering wheel, but then gives it an apologetic look.

I raise my eyebrows at him. "Guys are so weird about their cars."

He pats the steering wheeling gently. "This isn't just a car, Gemma. It's a 1969 Chevy Camaro."

"Sorry," I apologize with exaggerated eye widening. "Do you want me to take us back to the castle?"

He shakes his head swiftly. "I told you I don't want you using your Foreseer power unless it's an emergency."

I motion at the hood of the car, sizzling against the rain. "This kind of seems like an emergency."

"It isn't an emergency until someone's running for their life." He moves his hand behind my neck and draws me closer, ready to fog up the windows more than they already are.

I put my hand over his mouth. "I think we should go back." My gaze flashes to the rose petal. "I have a really bad feeling."

He lifts my hand away from his mouth. "Five minutes and if the rain doesn't let up, you can take us back."

I'm torn between wanting to get the hell out of this field and wanting to kiss him. My hormones end up winning. I slant my body over the console and kiss him. His hands find the small of my back and he guides me onto his lap, tangling his fingers in my hair. The rain beats faster, showing no sign of letting up. His lips travel down my jawline, my throat, my shoulder. I feel it again, emotions aching through my body and I want to bolt.

"Alex," I groan, debating. "I think we should..."

Suddenly, like a tornado swooped through, the car windows shatter. Sharp rays of glass tear through the air. Alex protects my head with his arms, pressing my cheek against his chest, which is rising and falling with shocked breaths.

"What the heck was that?" I peek up. White and red rose petals, like blood and snow, funnel toward the car. "Alex we have to go. Now!"

He nods as the car jolts to the side. I grip onto his shoulders, feeling a burn in my heart, as if something is trying to enter through my chest. I shut my eyes, picturing the grey stone castle. The car lurches again and Alex's fingers dig into my hips.

"Gemma..." There's warning in his voice.

I snap my brain into focus, picturing the peaking towers of the castle, the lake that ovals the ground in front of it. A shiver ices my blood. I sense the presence of the Queen. I feel death like a cold winter. Right as it consumes me, I take us away, leaving all of it far behind.

***

Foreseeing in a state of panic should be against the laws of the Foreseers. Because it doesn't mix well. Somehow, I drop us in a tree. Plunging toward the ground, Alex manages to snag onto a branch. The sharp edges stab at my skin as I'm yanked to a stop, grasping onto him.

"Grab onto that branch," he orders, giving me a gentle swing to the right.

I stretch my arms, hitch the branch, and grind to a halt, panting for air. Slipping my hand out of Alex's, I hook onto the branch and swing my legs up, securing myself on top of a thick branch.

Alex heaves up and balances on another branch. "I'd like to know how you ended up dropping us off here."

I catch my breath. "I have no idea, other than it might have been the feeling of death."

He scoots to the back of the branch. "The feeling of death?"

I inch to the trunk, ripping away leaves in my path. "Yeah, didn't you feel it?"

He leaps to a V in the trunk, extends his hand, and helps me to a flat spot. "Gemma, I'm not sure you felt death," he says. "You and I've felt death before, remember?"

"I didn't feel like I was dying." I scale down the branch, my senses sharp to the sounds of the forest and the feeling that we're not alone. "It felt like death-cold, empty, frightening. And those flowers represent death-or life after death, I guess. You really didn't feel it?" My feet touch the ground as he jumps the last few feet, his shoes hitting the dirt with a thud.

"The only thing I felt was a lot of wind." He plucks a fragment of glass from my hair. "And a lot of glass." He pauses. "It was just a storm Gemma. And storms happen sometimes."

We weave through the trees, hiking along the shore of the lake, in the direction of the castle. I can't shake the feeling that there's something following us, but every time I check over my shoulder, no one's there.

"I know she was there," I mumble, dodging a fallen tree. "I could feel her."

"The Queen of The Afterlife?" Alex checks. "You know she can't come up to the Human Realm, right? It's forbidden."

"Just because it's forbidden," I duck under a canopy of leaves, "doesn't make it impossible."

Alex scratches his head, at-a-loss for words. We make the rest of our journey to the castle in silence. At one point he takes my hand and caresses his thumb along the star on my wrist like he's reassuring himself that it's still there.

But what if it wasn't? Would he still be my other half?

Chapter 5

"He found out," I announce to Laylen as I arrive solo into the living room of the castle. The lamp is on and a fire crackles in the fireplace, lighting up the night creeping through the windows.

Laylen sets down the book he was reading. "Who found out what?"

I flop down on the couch and let my exhausted arms drape on the armrests. "Alex found out about our little rendezvous tonight."

His face falls. "Is that why you're covered in scratches?"

I glance at the red lines on my arms. "No, that was from a... windstorm."

"Why did you say windstorm like that? Like you really didn't believe it?"

"Because I don't believe it was a windstorm." My head falls against the back of the couch and I stare up at the domed ceiling. "I think the Queen of The Afterlife might be after us."

"W-what," he stammers. "How did you-again, what?"

I quickly give him the details of my dream.

"Son of a bitch." His wide eyes look like pieces of blue sea glass. "I thought we were done with all that junk. You know, the death, the kidnappings."

I shrug, picking the dirt out of my fingernails. "Maybe we are. It was just a dream. At least Alex seems to think so."

Laylen sucks on his lip ring. "No he doesn't. He just won't admit it. But I can almost guarantee that right now, he's upstairs trying to figure out if the Queen of The Afterlife can cross over."

I glance over my shoulder at the hallway. "You think?"

"I'm guessing." He rises to his feet, picks up the book, and tucks it under his arm. "Do you want to still meet up tonight?"

"Absolutely," I say as we squeeze out of the room. "I have no desire to put my father's rescue mission on hold."

He gives me a small smile. "I didn't think so."

We part ways at the top of the stairway. I smack myself in the forehead, realizing I forgot to tell him that I invited Alex too. When I reach Alex's room, I enter without knocking. The bed's made, the ceiling light's on, and the bay window is wide open, blowing in the cold air. I rush over and lock it.

"Alex," I call out, hugging my arms around myself.

The bathroom door is closed. I know better than to walk in there without knocking.

"Alex," I say, keeping my distance from the door. "Are you in there?"

"Yeah." He coughs. "Can you come in here? I need your help with something."

I step back. "No thanks. I think I'll wait out here."

The door swings open and fog pours out. From the doorway, Alex greets me with an annoyed look. "Really."

"You're in the bathroom." I shrug. "How am I supposed to respond?"

He shakes his head and tugs me inside the confined area. The shower's running and the heat fogs the elongated mirror. The porcelain sink is speckled with blood and muddy boot prints track the tile floor.

"Are you hurt?" I ask, noticing he's grasping his side.

He holds up a finger. "Now don't freak out." He exhales loudly and yanks off his shirt.

I fling my hand over my mouth. Across his muscular chest is an enormous gash, bleeding profusely. "Why didn't you say anything earlier?" I breathe through my hand.

He lowers my hand from my mouth. "That's the part I need you not to freak out about... It just happened."

My eyes scan the bathroom walls and the corner shower. "Did you fall or something?"

He turns on the sink faucet and dips a hand towel under the water. "When we got back, I felt this sting across my chest. When I looked, the cut was just there."

I hate blood, but not wanting to come off as an unsympathetic jerk, I gently touch the edge of the cut, forcing back my gag reflexes. "Are you sure you just didn't feel it until we got back? It looks like a piece of glass could have done it." Actually, it doesn't. It looks like a large, jagged knife took a beating to him.

"I'm sure it wasn't from the glass." He presses the wet towel against his chest and winces. "I actually felt when it cut me." He points to the medicine cabinet behind me. "Could you get me some peroxide out of there?"

I open the cabinet and hand him the peroxide. He unscrews the lid and douses his skin with the bubbling solution, his face twisting in pain. He shoves the bottle back at me, every muscle in his body taut. I set the bottle on the counter and take out a roll of gauze. I turn my head away and hand it to him.

"I think it might need stitches." He takes the gauze.

I fix my eyes on the wound and measure the severity. "Maybe, but I'm not an expert." My fingers outline the gash. "Alex, this is deep. Like really, really deep."

"I know," he says. My hand begins to fall, but he traps it against his rock-hard chest, blood leaking out and staining the fiery Keepers mark circling his ribcage. "That's why I need you to go in the basement and get the first aid kit."

I nod and leave him in the bathroom to strip off his clothes and climb in the shower. The basement is full of cobwebs tangling the ceiling beams and dark corners. There are narrow rows of shelves. I search them, looking for a white box. I spot it at the top. Planting my sneakers on the bottom shelf, I prop up and snatch the box. My fingers bump a glass surface. A small ball rolls off the shelf, crashes against the cement floor, and splits in half. I step down and pick up the pieces, anger snarling in my veins.

"He said he didn't know where it was," I mutter, turning the pieces over. The glass sparkles with a teal shimmer. "The Crystal of Limitation-he said we'd be better off finding another way."

Clutching the broken halves and the first aid kit, I stomp up the stairs and into the bathroom that connects to Alex's room. He's in the shower, the curtain drawn closed, but I don't care.

I chuck the kit on the counter loudly to get his attention. The curtain inches open, and Alex peeks out, dark hair dewed with water, a wicked glint in his eyes.

"Want to join me?" he asks with a mischievous arch of his eyebrow.

I set the sections of the crystal on the countertop and his face falls.

"Gemma, I can explain," he says hastily.

"I don't want to hear it." I storm out the door. The water shuts off and by the time I step over the threshold, his hand comes down on my shoulders.

He whirls me around to face him. A towel rides low on his hips, water drips down his solid chest, and his eyes sting with fire. "Would you let me explain first before you go stomping off?"

I'm flustered by the sight of him half-naked, but refuse to surrender my rage. I fold my arms and impatiently wait.

He rakes his fingers through his soaked hair, splashing droplets of water all over the place. "Yes, I've been hiding the Crystal of Limitation. But it was for a good reason. I didn't want you to use it."

"That wasn't your choice to make," I fume. "I'm the Foreseer. It's my dad. Therefore, it's my decision."

He tightens the towel on his waist. "It's dangerous. The amount of energy you'd have to channel... it could kill you."

"Again, not your decision. You always do this. You hide things because you think you're helping me, when all you're doing is hurting me. Do you know how crazy it drives me, knowing my dad is trapped in his own head and I can't do anything about it?"

"I understand more than you think," he mutters, dazing off, then blinking back into focus. "And what's so wrong with me wanting to protect you? What's wrong with wanting to protect the one you love? You handed over your soul to keep me alive."

I cross my arms. "And vice-versa."

"Exactly." He confines my face in his hands. "That's why you should understand. I didn't want you searching for that kind of power. Not after we just got rid of it."

I huff out a furious breath. "It doesn't matter now because the damn thing's broken."

I escape from his hands and fume out the door. This time he lets me go. I bang on Laylen's door. I keep hammering my fist against it until it flies open.

Laylen's eyes are wide with shock. "What's the matter?"

I slip by him and he shuts the door. There are clothes all over the bed and hangers spilling out of the closet. I pace the floor, anger raging. He watches me, not daring to ask until I've calmed down.

"I can't believe he's been lying this whole time," I finally say. "All this time it's been hiding down there and he knew. He knew!"

Laylen rubs his face, confused. "Gemma, I know you're mad, but would you mind explaining to me what's going on? Because I'm really lost."

"Alex had the Crystal of Limitation down in the basement the whole time. And now it's broken."

He catches my arm. "Are you sure he knew it was there?"

I nod vehemently. "He just admitted it. He said it took too much energy to use it and he didn't want me going to look for that kind of power."

"That wasn't his decision to make." Laylen releases me. "But still, I can kind of understand where he's coming from. He was just trying to protect you."

"Then he should have just told me that to begin with."

"Yeah, but you know how he is. He always keeps stuff like that to himself, thinking he's doing everyone a favor."

I calm down a little. "I know, but I wish he'd stop."

"Then you should talk to him about it," Laylen suggests, scooting the hangers into the closet. "Talking helps."

"Have you talked to Aislin yet?" I ask. "Now that Alex knows about Nalina, it's not a secret anymore."

"I told her, but she's still pissed." He frowns. "She said she's sick of you and me keeping little secrets."

"I'm sorry." I exhale loudly. "This is my fault. I never should have asked you to do any of this."

"What's done is done." Laylen pulls a leather jacket out of the closet. "So we might as well go see what Nalina knows. Perhaps she knows something we haven't thought of yet."

"Good idea." I head for the door. "But we're going alone."

He laughs, putting on the jacket. "I figured as much."

We hurry down stairs and out the door, stepping into the night. We hop into his black GTO and the engine revs, reminding me that Alex's car is still stuck out in the field. I pat my pocket, checking that I have my cellphone. When I cool off, I'll call him and make sure he didn't wander out there by himself.

As we drive down the road, I glance back at the castle. The interior lights glow from the tower. I swear I see Alex standing near the window, watching us leave with his hand pressed to the window, waving an eternal good-bye. I turn away, shoving the voice away that whispers a fearful thought to me: I might never see him again.

Chapter 6

"Okay, so I'm a super powerful Foreseer, who can read visions of the past and future and this is where I choose to live?" Inside the safety of Laylen's GTO, I observe the dreary Victorian house with broken shutters and a concaved front deck. "It's like straight out of the Adam's Family."

Laylen starts whistling the theme song as we climb out of the car. The night air is chilly and dogs bark from behind the neighbor's chain link fence. Our shoes crunch the gravel path and creak up the stairs.

"You want to do the honors?" Laylen signals at the door. "Or should I?"

"This is my thing, so I'll do it." I bang my fist on the door. The porch light falls off one hinge and wobbles to the side. "Why do we always end up going to places where the houses are falling apart? Why can't anyone live in a normal place, like in a cul-de-sac?"

A large man shouts at another man from a small house across the street. We watch as they get in each other's face, fist tightening, as they prepare for a smack down.

"Because its places like this that no one wants to come looking for you." The voice startles us.

Our eyes dart to the now open front door. An older woman with grey hair and unwelcoming eyes fills the doorway. She wears a simple black pantsuit and around her neck, a gold chain threads a red teardrop pendant.

"Are you Nalina?" Laylen inquires in a polite tone.

"I wondered how long it'd be until you found me," she says to me with an exhausted sigh.

Laylen and I trade perplexed looks. "Do you know me?" I ask.

She doesn't answer, strolling away and leaving the door open. I dither momentarily and then enter the house. The floorboards squeak under my feet and a light flickers above. I follow Nalina into the kitchen. A bright light filters through the tiny room packed with an oval table and four chairs. On the antique stove a kettle boils, steaming the air.

"You want some tea?" she asks, fiddling with the teardrop pendant.

"No thanks," I decline, concerned it could be poisoned.

Laylen and I take a seat at the table, while she pulls out three cups and pours us all teas anyway. She sets the steaming cups in front of us. They're yellow, with tiny handles, and mine has a chip along the rim.

She drops into the chair and stirs her tea. "So you found me."

"That depends." I scoot the cup away and rest my elbows on the table. "Are you Nalina?"

She wipes the spoon on the lip of the cup. "I'm Nalina, ex-Foreseer and Dyvinius' step-sister."

"Ex-Foreseer?" Laylen and I say at the same time.

"My power was stripped from me," she explains, heavy-hearted. "I can't see visions anymore or have anything to do with them."

I wipe the tears from my eyes produced by the heat of the tea. "Why, though? What did you do?"

She shakes her head, irritated. "Who says I did anything? You're a Foreseer. You should know how their world works. One minute you're in charge and the next you're at the bottom of the barrel."

My phone beeps from inside my pocket. Alex. I silence it. "Not really. I'm new to the Foreseer thing." I pause. "Yet, you know about me?"

"I do." She's being vague and I question if we might have another Nicholas on our hands. She sips her tea and I notice the Foreseer's mark coiling the back of her hand. "You're Gemma Lucas, ex-star, current Foreseer, trying to free her father from an impossible place to escape."

"How do you know all of this?" Laylen asks, pushing up the sleeves of his leather jacket.

"How does anyone know anything about someone?" she asks, her grey eyes locked on me. "Because they know them."

"You don't know me," I protest, my senses hyperaware. "And I don't know you. I've never seen you before in my life."

"That you remember," she says, implying that she knows my memory was once erased.

I push back from the table and Laylen follows my lead. "Look, I don't know who you are or what you know about me, but you're wrong."

She quickly places her hand on mine in a comforting gesture. "Relax, and let me explain."

I sink into the chair, but Laylen stays on his feet. A gap of silence ticks by, occupied by outside noises of yelling, barking, and a lot of thumping.

"You better start explaining." Laylen taps on the face of his watch.

"My name is Nalina," she discloses. "I'm Nalina Moraura, step-daughter of Naem Moraura and the biological daughter of Nalini and Julias Lucas."

"W-what," I stammer. "Then that means..."

"That means I'm your aunt," she says simply.

"Holy Jesus," Laylen breathes, gradually lowering into the chair.

I take in her features, the shade of her eyes, not quite violet, but the grey does have a hint of purple in it.

"I didn't know I had-have an aunt." I find my voice.

"You don't know a lot of things about your life, Gemma." She sips her tea. "Just because you stopped the world from ending, doesn't mean your past catches up to you. Your mind's still missing pieces. You know that."

"And you know that." I'm still shocked. "But I don't understand how."

She twists her grey hair in a bun on the back of her head and secures it in a knot. "I've been in hiding for a while. But like you, I like to pay little visits to places I don't belong."

"Like the Room of Forbidden." My hands tremble as I taste the tea and almost spit it out, realizing I still can't trust her. I wipe the tea from my lips. "You visit my father-your brother."

"A few times. But it's been a while since my last visit. I haven't had my powers to take me there." She collects her cup and places it in the sink. "He talks about you a lot. His mistakes. What he wishes he'd done differently."

"Does he ever mention how to get him out of there?" Laylen asks with a hopeful expression.

"No, he hasn't." Strands of her hair fall from her bun and she tucks them behind her ears. "But he did say once that if you ever came to me, that he wanted me to help you with whatever you were looking for."

"We're looking for a way to get into the Room of Forbidden." Without thinking, I drink a mouth full of tea again then shove the cup aside so I'll stop. "And the Crystal of Limitation is no longer an option."

Wrinkles crinkle the corners of her eyes. "Why not?"

"It had a bit of an accident," Laylen explains. "Due to an unfortunate fall against a concrete floor."

My phone beeps. It's Alex again and I shut off my phone. I can't talk to him yet.

"Is there another way?" I stuff the phone back into my pocket. "To free him from that place?"

"You mean from his head," she says. "It's really not that bad of a punishment if you think about it. Locked away in your own head, being able to conjure up any surroundings you wish."

"But he's stuck there against his will," I point out, baffled by her casual attitude "All by himself. It's lonely, I'm sure."

Her gaze wanders to the window. "There are punishments that are worse, like losing your power in a world full of death. Every day I sit here, never knowing if I'll be okay. Never knowing what waits for me around the corner."

"Welcome to reality. We've been here for a while," Laylen says and pats the table. She shoots him a glare and he shrinks back. "Sorry."

She gathers our mostly full cups and dumps the tea down the drain. "Whatever it is you're looking for, I can't help you."

"We're only looking for help," I tell her. "And my father asked you to do that for him."

"Well, your father doesn't always get what he wants." She turns the faucet on and rinses the tea down the sink. "It's a life lesson he learned a long time ago." She shuts off the water and wipes down the counter with a rag. "Now if you'll excuse me, I have things to do."

"Wait." I jump up, bumping the chair to the floor. "Please. I need this. My mom's dead and he's all I have left. Well, besides Sophia. But she's hardly around."

"And we're all grateful for that," Laylen says.

I scowl at him, but he's right. Despite Sophia's apologies, her presence reminds us of a dark time, filled with soul detachments, memory tampering, and crappy grandmothering skills.

"Please," I beg. "I need your help."

Her eyes soften. "No matter what I do to help you, you're going to need the Crystal of Limitation. Dyvinius won't free him. My step-brother is a strict rule follower. Trust me. It's why I ended up here."

"But it's broken, split in two, right down the center." I demonstrate by separating my hands.

"Then you're going to need to fix it," she states it like it's obvious.

"Does that statement come with instructions?" I lift the chair back up and push it up to the table.

She opens a drawer and removes a white business card. "There's a man Emmelus, who's an dificator, someone that is very good at fixing things of the magic world." She hands me the card. "Take the Crystal of Limitation to him."

I read the card over. "Can we trust him? This Emmelus guy?" She nods and I stuff the card into my back pocket. "And then after we get it fixed what do we do?"

"You bring it back here." She shuts the drawer and clutches the edge of the tile countertop, her knuckles whitening. "But you're going to have to get the help of at least one other Foreseer who's willing to break the laws. Channeling enough power is going to be hard, even for you." She pushes away from the counter. "The Room of Forbidden is protected by the power of a thousand Foreseers. And breaking through that is nearly impossible. But we can try."

"I already saved the world," I inform her. "I can get into the Room of Forbidden."

She smiles skeptically. "It's nice that you have a positive attitude, but I'm old enough to know that some things work out and some things don't."

Her words weigh on my shoulders. I thank her and then Laylen and I leave, unsure of my future or past. Or whether I'll fail or succeed.

Chapter 7

Laylen and I return to the castle. Stars hum a colorful melody and the full moon beams against the slate sky. An eerie fog has crept in, blanketing the trees, the lake, and the front yard. The scent of rain lingers in the air and the driveway is marked by puddles.

"So do we go find Emmelus first, or go hunting for some rogue Foreseers?" Laylen attempts to lighten my sullen mood.

I sketch a sad looking face in the dew on the window. "We should fix the crystal first, before we do anything." I smudge the face away with my sleeve. "Because if we can't fix it, then there's no point in finding other Foreseers to help."

"Yeah, I get your point." He shuts off the engine. The cab air instantly frosts, crickets chirp just outside, and the waves of the lake splash against the bank. "Gemma, I'm not trying to get rid of you or anything, but you've been sitting there for a few minutes. Are you planning on going inside?"

"What?" I blink at him and unbuckle my seatbelt. "Oh, yeah. Sorry, I was just spacing." I push the door open and my shoes sink into the fresh mud. We tromp up the path and wipe our shoes on the front door mat.

"Don't be too hard on him." Laylen locks the door. "Remember he was doing it because he wants to protect you." Then he climbs up the stairway, walking in the direction of Aislin's room.

I slip off my muddy shoes and leave them by the front door. I wasn't planning on going to Alex's room. I was going to wait until morning. But my feet have other ideas, and take me straight there. I sneak in and gently shut the door. The curtains block the window and a corner lamp illuminates a trail of soft light to the bed. Alex lies face down, his hand flopped over the side, his breathing quiet and relaxed. He's dressed in jeans and a green tee, which are covered in dirt. His shoes are layered with mud, and I wonder if he's been somewhere tonight.

I sit on the bed, wanting to wake him, but he looks to peaceful at the moment. His eyes are shut, his lips parted, his dark hair sticking up all over the place. I trace the line of his jaw, part of me wishing I didn't love him so much-wishing I could be angry with him. I lie down on the bed and stare at the ceiling.

His arm snakes over my stomach and his fingers tickle the spot of skin just beneath my ribs.

"You're awake." I turn to my side. His eyes are open, glossed with fatigue. "I thought you were asleep."

"I was, but I heard you come in." He switches to his side and faces me. "How'd your little visit with Nalina go?"

"Did you know she was my Aunt?" I ask.

His emerald eyes pop wide. "She isn't Dyvinius' sister?"

"Nope, she's his step-sister," I explain. "Which means my dad is Dyvinius step-brother."

"Which means Dyvinius is your step-uncle." His forehead creases. "He's had to know all this time. Why has he never said anything?"

"Maybe because he doesn't care." I shrug, pretending not to care. "Every time I've met him, he's seemed detached from... well, life. He's really weird and he lets that God awful crystal ball feed off those people." I shudder at the mental picture of the enormous crystal ball in the center of the City of Crystal with humans strapped to it, their blood being drained to energize the ball and all the Foreseers' power.

Alex caresses his hand up and down my arm, silencing the goosebumps on my skin. "I'm sorry," he says, his hand stopping at my wrist. Hesitantly, he interlinks our fingers. "You've had such crappy experiences with anyone related to you and now this."

"Nalina didn't seem that bad, I guess. She seemed nice enough."

"Don't do that." He sweeps my hair back and his hand settles on my cheek. "Don't pretend you're not bothered by the fact that she didn't come looking for you."

I swallow hard, forcing down the sob working up my throat. "Did you get yourself stitched up?" I examine his chest. "It looks like it healed quickly. I can barely even see it."

"One benefit of being a Keeper." He lays a hand over mine and confines it against his chest. I feel his heart thudding, loud and rhythmic. "Are you going to tell me what happened with Nalina?" The corner of his mouth quirks. "Or are you going to leave me in the dark?"

"Depends, I guess, on whether you're going to help me." My skin heats against his, my heart complimenting the tune of his heart, making it difficult to stay mad at him.

"Help you with what exactly?" His gaze skims to the bathroom, where the Crystal of Limitation sits on the counter, broken. "Not with that thing."

"Yes, with that thing. Alex, I really want-need your help. If you'll actually do it without trying to sabotage my plans."

"I wasn't trying to sabotage. I was trying to protect you."

"You can protect me when we're in danger, but not with this. This is something I'm going to do."

He mutters incoherently under his breath. "Fine, give me the details."

So I do, crossing my fingers he'll help.

"That's all Nalina said?" he asks after I'm done. "It seems like a very loose plan with a lot of holes."

"Well, the crystal ball wouldn't have to be fixed if someone would have warned me it was hiding out next to the first aid kit." My voice falters between annoyance and desire. "If it weren't for that, we'd just have to get a Foreseer who doesn't mind breaking the laws."

"I know what you're thinking," Alex says firmly. "And it's not going to happen. We already made a pact that we'd stop going to him for help."

"But Nicholas doesn't mind doing things that are wrong." I roll over on my elbows so my head's above his, my brown hair a curtain around our faces. "And this time it will actually come in handy."

He coils a strand of my hair around his finger. "Let's sleep on it. In the morning, if no one's thought of anyone else, we use him." He cocks an eyebrow. "Deal?"

I stick out my hand to shake on it, but he kisses me instead.

"No more lying," I utter between the movements of our lips.

He sucks on my bottom lip, nearly driving every nerve in my body mad. "It's a deal."

"Alex," I murmur against his lips. "Are you sure you're okay? You're cut. It's weird. You don't even know where it came from. And..." I pause, looking down at his muddy shoes. "Did you go somewhere?"

Denying it, he shakes his head. "Nope. I've just been waiting around here for you." He flips us over and positions himself on top of me, our bodies synching. "And my cuts fine. We've got bigger things to worry about than a little cut."

As my hand comes into contact with his chest, where a faint scratch lingers, panic swells inside me. Not just because I'm worried about him. But because he doesn't seem to be concerned, like he knows something I don't. And with him, that's a big possibility.

***

"You know you're only kidding yourself," Nicholas says from the foot of my bed. "You're not as in love with him as you think."

I crawl from the covers. "You can say whatever you want, Nicholas. I love Alex. I always will."

His blonde hair glows against the moonlight. "Your soul connection renders your true feelings from showing though."

"I know what I feel." But my heart whispers different thoughts; lies, I tell myself. "We belong together."

"That kind of love makes you weak," Nicholas replies sadly. "It will be the end of you if you don't get control of it."

I reach him, my face only inches away from his. "And who should I love, Nicholas. You?"

He licks his lips, waiting for me to kiss him. So I do, crushing my lips against his and betraying my other half, and my heart, eternally.

***

My eyes open to a room full of sunshine. The curtains are opened. Alex is snuggled against me, his head buried in my neck. He's dressed in a pair of black cargo shorts and red t-shirt, both dried with mud. He's been up already. I sit up and stretch, shaking off the creepy feeling of last night's dream. Nicholas and I kissing-what's wrong with me? I'm letting the faerie get into my head too much. I need to be stronger.

"Go back to sleep," Alex mumbles. "It's still early."

I carefully lift his arm off me and go over to the window. His car's parked in the driveway. The windows are shattered and there's a dent in the driver side door. Laylen's head's stuck under the hood. An array of tools is piled by his feet and jumper cables connect the GTO's battery to the Camaro's.

"Did you know Laylen's out there working on your car?" I ask, cracking the window open to let some fresh air in.

Alex props up on his elbow. "Of course I do. We went and towed it home this morning."

I cringe. "You went back to the field without me. I don't think we should go there anymore."

He pats the bed and I climb back in. "Stop worrying." He sits up and rubs his weary eyes. "I'm fine. Laylen's fine. The car's fine. Everything is absolutely, one-hundred percent great."

I flop down on the pillow, noting his overly cheerful behavior. I'm still wearing my clothes from last night and I feel dirty. I need to take a shower. "Well, thank God the car's okay. For a minute, I was beginning to really worry."

"Always worrying over nothing." A grin plays at his lips and he smoothes his hair into place. "So what's first on today's agenda?"

"First, fixing the Crystal of Limitation and then persuading a Foreseer," I answer. "Did you happen to think of one other than Nicholas?"

"Nope, so I guess he's our best bet." He stretches his arms over his head and his shirt rides up, showing a sliver of his rock-hard stomach. Without even thinking, I trail my fingers along the space of his skin, feeling the grooves of his muscles. "You should probably go get him. He seems to like you."

My hand freezes. "You think I should be the one to go get Nicholas?"

He nods agreeably. "It's probably the best way to get him to agree."

My head buzzes with confusion and I pull my hand away. "I'm sorry, but is something wrong? You're acting a little weird."

He looks at me like I've lost my mind. "I'm not acting weird." He lures me on his lap and kisses the tender spot on my neck just below my ear. "I'm acting like myself."

I tilt my head back and stare him in the eyes. "No, you're not. You're acting happy and... Did Aislin accidentally hit you with a mellow spell again?"

He feigns to remember. "Not that I know of." He kisses my neck again, sliding his tongue along my skin, and my shoulders shudder in desire.

It takes a lot, but I jerk from his arms. "How's your cut doing?" My fingers seek the hem of his shirt, but he swats my hand away.

"If you're not into this," he gestures back and forth between us, "then I can go." He shoves me off his lap and strides for the door. "I have better things to do than sit around, talking." He slams the door, leaving me with my jaw hanging to my knees.

"What the heck is going on with him?" I jump off the bed and dash to Aislin's room. "Aislin, are you in there? I need to talk to you. It's important."

A shuffle and then something clanks against the door. Seconds later, it opens. Aislin eyes are ample, her white shirt unevenly buttoned, her golden hair static charged. I'd worry I was walking in on her and Laylen, but Laylen's outside.

"Everything okay?" I ask, scanning her room. It's a mess; clothes everywhere, the bed a heaping pile of sheets and blankets, and bottles litter the vanity.

"Huh? What?" She peers over her shoulder. "Oh, yeah, everything's fine. I just had a spell backfire."

"Speaking of spells; you didn't happen to accidentally hit Alex with one, did you?"

"No, why?"

I push my way in. "Because he's acting weird." I draw the lacy curtains back and the sunlight pours in. Outside, Laylen and Alex are chatting in front of his car and smoke is huffing out of the exhaust. "Good. They got his car running."

"Huh... oh, yeah, the car." She lets out a nervous laugh. "Guys and their cars. But what are you going to do?"

She's acting strange. I check around, my eyebrows furrowed together. "Are you sure you're okay?"

Aislin casually steps in front of the closet door. "I'm fine. But I'm really busy so if you could," she waves her hand at the door, "you know, go. That would be great."

I point my finger at her, raising my eyebrows. "Wait a minute. I know what this is about. And let me just say that I'm really sorry. Laylen didn't want to go, but I made him."

She stares blankly at me. "What are you talking about?"

"You know, the other night, when I had Laylen get that address for me-the one to Nalina's."

Her body judders forward with the door and her eyes pop wide. "Apology accepted. Now can you go? Like I said, I'm really busy."

I lean to the side, watching the door crack open and shut. "Are you hiding someone in the closet?"

She shakes her head swiftly. "Why would I be hiding anyone in my closet? That would be weird."

"About as weird as you're acting." I march up, scoot my hand behind her back, and grab the doorknob.

"Gemma, don't," she stammers. The door rocks forward and backward. Aislin uses her weight to force it shut. "If you open it, we're in trouble."

"We're in trouble," I say, deciding whether to push or pull on the door. "I don't know what's going on."

"Just help me lock it and I'll explain," she pleads. "Find something to shove up against it."

I remove my hand and hunt the room for a heavy object. "It would help if I knew what was in there." I grab the handle of a small metal trunk. "Is it strong? Big? Magical? What is it?"

"Umm..." She stumbles from another thrust of the door and scurries backward. "Get something heavier than that." She points a finger at the bed. "Drag that over here."

It's a thin metal-framed bed, but it takes a minute to haul it over. Once it's secure, Aislin relaxes, collapsing on the bed with her hand draped over her forehead melodramatically.

"So do you want to tell me who's in there?" I eye the door, which is still jiggling. A choir of giggles flow through the opposite side. "Or what's in there?"

She pulls a guilty face. "I think I messed up." The door smacks the bed and then flings shut. "Like really, really bad." She hops up and adjusts the bed as near to the door as it will go. "You know how I was really upset about the whole Luna thing."

"I told you not to worry about that," I tell her. "We'll figure out how to get Aleesa out without freeing the greedy Empress."

She fluffs a pillow on the bed. "I know you did and I know you meant it, but I couldn't stop thinking about it. And the more I did, the more pissed I got. I mean, how dare she threaten me. Me. Me! Doesn't she realize how powerful I am?"

"I think that's what the problem is," I say. "She must know you're powerful and that's why she's trying to get you to do a spell."

"Too bad for her, because I have my own plans." She smoothes the static from her electrically charged hair. "Well, I had my own plans-a brilliant plan." She looks at the door warily. "Or at least I thought I did." She starts picking up the clothes on the floor. "I used a spell to open the Faerie Realm inside the closet. Those little giggles belong to sprites."

Slowly, my gaze travels to the closet door. "There are sprites in your closet?"

A flutter of giggles answers for her, followed by hammering on the door.

"Yeah, and there's an entrance to the Faerie Realm." She folds a shirt and tucks in the dresser.

"How did you... what did you..." I clear my high-pitched voice. "Aislin, we have to fix this."

"Oh, don't worry," she says, picking up a pair of khakis. "Luna still can't get through. She was banished by witches centuries ago, and she can't leave the Faerie Realm without an unbinding spell."

I gape at her. "Aislin, are you hearing yourself?" I signal my hand at the door, speechless. "There's a realm to Faerie Land inside your bedroom closet, which is now inhabited by sprites. And if I remember right, sprites are mean little buggers."

She shrugs, putting the jeans in the drawer. "Gemma, quit worrying. They just bite. That's all."

"Gemma." One giggles.

"Great. Now they know my name." I flop my hands against my legs dramatically.

"So what? They know your name." She urges the drawer shut. "It's not like they're going to look up your phone number and start calling you or something."

"They're not going to do anything," I say. "Because you're going to get that realm shut down."

"No." She stares at her crookedly buttoned shirt. "I'm going to go through it. I just need to figure out a way to get past the sprites and perfect the Tracker Spell so I'll know where Luna and Aleesa are. I need to be able to get my bearings."

"I thought you had that spell perfected?" I ask. "I've seen you use it like a thousand times."

"This is different," she replies. "This is using a spell on a magical world. It's complicated."

The bed legs creak against the stone floor and the door launches open. Aislin rushes to the trunk and stacks it next to the bed.

"Start piling things against it," she orders.

We work quickly, pushing every piece of furniture in the room up against the door. When we're done, the room's a mess, but the door's secured.

"It works." I back from the pile with my hands on my hips. "At least for now it does. But, I don't think you should go through the realm. It's too sketchy."

"Gemma, how many things have you done that are sketchy?"

She has me there. "Well, don't go alone, okay? Take me or Laylen or even Alex with you."

She laughs doubtingly. "Like I'm even going to tell them-they'd freak. Especially Alex. He'd say I misused my power and then he'd force me to close it. You know he would." Her green eyes bore into me. "And you can't tell them either. Promise me you won't."

"I just made a promise with Alex about being honest," I explain with a dreary sigh. "I can't start keeping things from him again."

"But you said he was acting weird, right?" She asks and I nod. "Okay, so if you keep this a secret, I'll help you figure out what's up with Mr. Mood Swings out there."

I dither, but only briefly. "Okay, you got yourself a deal. But I'm going into the realm with you."

"Deal. First let's get to the bottom of Alex." She heads to leave. "Although, I doubt there's anything wrong with him. He just gets weird sometimes. It's in his genes or something."

"This is different." I tell her about the windstorm, the cut in his chest, and my dream.

"And it's on his chest?" She loops a ringlet of her golden brown hair around her finger, lost in thought. "I think I've heard of this before."

"You think it's a witch thing?" I ask, surprised. "Like maybe a witch put a spell on him?"

She shakes her head slowly. "No, I think it might be darker than that."

"Like maybe black magic?" I ask.

She scratches her head. "Okay, let's go talk to him and I'll see if anything pops into my head."

We put on our game faces and go outside into the warm sunlight. I'm skeptical, though, since Aislin isn't good at putting on a Poker Face. Laylen and Alex are still messing with the car. The hood's down on the GTO and the Camaro's no longer running. Tools are thrown all over the ground and grease stains their shirts, pants, and faces.

"Hi guys." Her smile is overly cheery. "What's up? Is the car not working?"

Alex cleans the grease off his hands with an old rag as he eyes Aislin distrustfully. "What's up with you?"

I want to smack her on the head and then smack myself in the head for agreeing to the plan. I brush by them and walk around the car, glancing in at the leather passenger seat, littered with glass.

"Looking for clues to your supposed Afterlife theory?" Alex asks contemptuously.

I turn and narrow my eyes. "No, I was seeing if you by chance lost your mind in there."

His demeanor is indifferent. "There's nothing wrong with me. It's you that has the problem. I mean what is it with you and your feelings. If you can't get over your insecurities then this relationship isn't going to go anywhere. In fact, I'm kind of sick of being with someone who's emotionally challenged."

It's like we're high school all over again. He was a complete douche bag the first time I met him in class and for quite a while after that. Red burns my vision and I slap him across the cheek.

"Gemma!" Aislin races over. "What are you doing?"

Giving me a dirty look, Alex pops his jaw into place.

"In case you were wondering," I seethe. "That was the emotionally challenged girl getting pissed off." I storm off, coddling my hand, because it hurts like hell.

Aislin chases after me, her flip flops scuffing the dirt. "What happened to our play-it-cool plan?"

"That's not Alex." I burst into the house, stomp to the stairs, but then backtrack to the front door. "That's the old Alex out there. The one I first met that was brainwashed by your father."

"Oh my God..." Aislin exhales, her eyes bulging. "I think I might know what's wrong with him. Come on." She grabs my arm and yanks me down the hallway and into the basement. She locks the door and turns on the light. The stairs protest under our weight as we haste to the bottom floor. "What you said made sense. Alex is brainwashed again." She removes an old painting of the castle from one of the lower shelves and reaches to the back.

"He's brainwashed again?" I slide the painting out of the way. "By your father? Because Aislin, he's dead. And there was nothing left of his body but ash, so I don't think there's a possibility of pulling a zombie move."

"I know that. And zombies don't exist." She rolls her eyes as she heaves out a shabby leather book. "Not by my father. By a Lost Soul."

Chapter 8

"Lost Souls can't cross over unless they're freed from The Afterlife," I say with skepticism. "And even then, they'd have to return to their own bodies. At least, that's what happened when I freed them."

"Yeah, but this is different." She sits cross-legged on the floor and opens the book on her lap. "Not a whole lot of people know this, but Lost Souls used to roam the world back in the day."

I kneel, angling my head to look at the brittle pages. "That's hard for me to imagine. Lost Souls are... well, they're not the best looking creatures in the world. They look a lot like mummies."

"The Death Walkers were hideous," she points out, turning the page. "And they were all over the place before you killed them."

I remember the monstrous beasts, with yellow eyes and skin like rotting corpses. "Good point." I scoot beside her so I'm looking at the pages right side up. "You said they used to roam the world. So what happened to them?"

"The Keepers happened." She fans through the pages, the edges of the paper grazing her hair. "They forced them back into The Afterlife and forbid the Queen to let anymore cross over. There was this little thing," She holds her hand out to the side, snapping her fingers, considering something. "I think it was called a sigillum cristallum. It was a crystal they stole from The Afterlife and when they brought it here to the Human World, it stopped Lost Souls from crossing over. Of course, with a little help from Wicca magic."

"What about the Queen?" I ask. "Has she ever stepped foot into the Human World?"

"Not that I know of," Aislin replies, drumming her chin. "But it doesn't mean it can't happen. Why? Are you thinking about your dream?"

"That's exactly what I'm thinking." I skim my fingers along the page, filled with sketches of mummies, chains, and words of another language. "Is this a book about Lost Souls?"

"It's the history of The Afterlife." She turns to the next page. "It talks about the rise and fall of The Lost Souls and what they did when they walked the world." Her finger browses the page. "They took possession of human bodies, ones with broken souls."

"Alex's soul isn't broken, though," I say.

"But it's not normal either. It's connected to yours, which could make it vulnerable to Lost Soul possession."

"But wouldn't it make mine vulnerable too?"

Her eyes rise to me and then land on my hand. "Do you feel strange? Like maybe your mind's not your own?"

I think of the dream I had with Nicholas. But Aislin doesn't know about that. "If you're talking about the slap," I say, cuddling my hand. "Then you should know he deserved it. He called me emotionally challenged."

Her expression suspends in disbelief. "He actually said that to you? What a jerk. There's definitely something going on with him." She closes the book, tucks it under her arm, and gets to her feet. "Let me read through this and see if I can find anything that might tell us how to kick a Lost Soul out of a human body. If we can do it, then we'll know if he's possessed."

I hope he is, otherwise those horrible words he spoke to me were his own. "What do I do in the meantime?" I ask as we advance up the stairs.

She unlocks the door. "You keep your distance from him. Otherwise someone's going to end up hurt." She pauses in the hallway, reaches into her pocket, and extracts a tiny clear marble. "If by chance something bad happens, take this and shove it in his ear."

I hold the marble between my thumb and index finger. "What will happen to him?"

"Let's hope you don't have to find out," she says with a thoughtful smile. "But I want you to be able to protect yourself from him. If he is possessed, we don't know what he's capable of."

I sigh and hide the marble in my pocket, hoping she's right and I don't have to find out.

While Aislin is digging through the book, I head to get the Crystal of Limitation fixed. I want to take Laylen with me, but check with Aislin first, not wanting to create more conflict between the three of us. She agrees and sneaks into the library to avoid hanging out in her room with the closet full of sprites.

I slink into Alex's room to acquire the crystal. He's not there and relief washes over me. Until I notice the crystal's missing from the bathroom counter. With my hands on my hips, I step back into the room, puzzled.

"Are you looking for this?" Alex obstructs the doorway, each of his hands cupping a broken piece of the teal crystal.

I eyeball the crystal, sensing an impending fight. "Yeah, can I have them please?"

He sets them down on the dresser. "If you want them, then go ahead and take them."

I'm more than willing to accept his challenge. I march for the crystal, chin tipped high. Just as I anticipate, he barricades my path.

"You think I'd let you have it that easy?" He questions with a ridiculing curve of his eyebrow.

"No, but I was hoping." My hand inches for the marble in my pocket. "But if you want to do it the hard way, then it's fine with me."

He rolls up his sleeves and grins wickedly. "Let's see what you've got."

"Seriously?" I frown. "You want me to fight you?"

He shrugs. "It doesn't really matter if you do. We both know how this is going to end. We've both experienced your fighting skills. Or lack of fighting skills I should say."

Raging with fury, I charge, regretting it, but not being able to stop myself. He catches me effortlessly, reels me around, and pins me against him.

"See, point proven," he whispers in my ear, his lips brushing my skin. "You can't take me. You're helpless."

I kick him in the shin. He buckles over, moaning. My fingers fumble to retrieve the marble from my pocket. Just as I grasp it, he rams into me. We fall to the floor. Alex braces my head from slamming against the stone floor, a glimmer of hope that he still exists somewhere inside.

He lines his body over mine. "See, I told you I knew how this was going to end."

My fingers grasp the marble. "I'm so sorry."

His face contorts. "Sorry for what?"

I shove the marble into his ear. It sounds like a pinball machine as the marble rolls down his ear canal.

He swats his hand at his ear, like there's a bug in it. "What'd you do to me? Gemma, what was that?" His head quivers erratically. "Gemma... please..."

I scoot from under him. He blinks furiously. I hug my legs to my chest as his hands and legs go limp. His eyes recede into the back of his head and his body crumples to the floor. I inch toward him, smooth his sweaty hair back, and check his neck for a pulse. His heart beats a consistent rhythm.

"Sorry," I whisper. Then I heist the crystal halves and leave him alone in the room. I race to the library, a small room stacked with disordered bookshelves. A checkered rug spreads underneath two leather recliners that border a slim table. Aislin sits in one chair, her feet kicked up on another. The book containing the history of The Afterlife rests in her lap and she studies the pages.

"I had to use the marble," I declare, taking a seat on the table.

She lowers her feet to the floor and sits up straight. "Already? Jeez, that was a lot quicker than I guessed."

"He challenged me to a fight," I say. "Winner takes these." I hold up the two portions of the crystal ball. "He gave me no choice, really. But I still feel like a complete jerk. He's passed out on the floor."

"Just remember he's not himself. In fact, if you start picturing him a lot like this, you'll feel much better." She raises the book and taps her finger on pictured of a man with a hole in his chest. Wisps of smoke follow the feet of a mummified corpse flying headfirst into the hole.

"I'm not sure if that helps." Flabbergasted, I take the book and gape at the drawing. "How did I not see this happen?"

"Well, you said he felt the cut after you guys left that freaky windstorm," she says. "So I'm guessing one followed you back and took over his body while he was alone."

I run my finger along the hideous picture. "Does it happen to mention how a Lost Soul could get up to the Human World?"

She frowns and recaptures the book. "No, that's what doesn't make sense. It says here that they've been banished for hundreds of years and there are no reports of any returning."

"But that book's old," I point out. "So maybe there have been, but they haven't been reported in that book.

Aislin drums her fingers against her chin, pondering. "What we need is someone who understands The Afterlife... someone who understands death and the rules."

I pull a face. "I think I know someone, but getting their help is going to be like pulling teeth."

She sets the book on the table. "Who?"

"A certain faerie/foreseer that's been dead and has a connection because of his faerie blood. The Queen of The Afterlife is a Banshee, which is a type of faerie. Although, Nicholas insists all breeds of faerie hate him because he's only half fey."

"Yet, he's helping Luna," she notes. "So maybe he's exaggerating a little."

I laugh sarcastically. "Nicholas exaggerate? Never."

She laughs with me. Then we shake our heads and sigh, wiping tears from our eyes.

"So what do you think?" She picks up her neon pink purse off the table. "Should we go torture him for information?"

"Might as well," I say. "I have to get his help to use the Crystal of Limitation anyway. Nalina said I'm going to need the help of at least one other Foreseer who doesn't mind bending the rules."

"Why does it always go back to him?" She questions as we walk for the front door. She hangs her purse on the coatrack in the foyer. "I mean, doesn't it seem like we always need his help when it comes to saving someone or something. It's almost like he does it on purpose."

I freeze with my hand on the handle of the front door. "You don't think... nah, never mind."

"What?" Aislin shuts the front door. We trek down the rocky path toward Laylen, who's still working on Alex's car in the driveway. "Just tell me what you were going to say."

"It might be a really stupid thought, but do you think that Nicholas might have tampered with visions too? To, like, maybe wiggle his way into our lives? He always seems to be the one we have to go to and he always wants something in return for his help."

She stops short of the base of the path. "Whoa. I've never thought of that. It couldn't be possible. Could it? If he did, he'd be in the Room of Forbidden."

"Yeah, good point." I halt behind Laylen. "Like I said, it was a stupid thought." But it bothers me.

"We're on a mission," Aislin says zealously to Laylen.

Laylen peers over his shoulder from below the hood. "What kind of a mission?"

"A save Alex, save my dad mission," I explain. "We're going to try to cross them both off in one shot."

"Save Alex?" Laylen washes the grease off his hands with the bottom of his shirt, leaving long black streaks along the fabric. "Save him from what?"

"We think he might be possessed by a Lost Soul," Aislin tells him.

"Is that why he's acting like a total weirdo?" Laylen frowns and picks up a wrench. "I was wondering if something was wrong."

"You noticed it too?" I ask and he nods. "Good, I'm glad I'm not the only one."

"So we're going to go pick up Nicholas," Aislin says, pointing at the castle. "Alex is upstairs, sleeping in his room. He shouldn't wake up for a while."

"I don't even want to know what you two did to him." He chuckles, shaking his head. "You want me to come with you guys? It might be good to have some muscle to get Nicholas to agree."

Aislin pops her knuckles. "We're not helpless girls. I have my magic and Gemma, well she has herself. You know Nicholas has a thing for her."

"Why does everyone keep saying that?" I ask, offended. "All he's ever done is torture me."

"But he always helps you. Always." Laylen reminds me, tossing the wrench in the air and catching it. "And if I'm remembering right, wasn't there a particular time when we caught him looking at you while you were-"

I cover his mouth, shushing him. "We promised never to talk about that again. Remember?"

His lips laugh against my palm. "Oh yeah, I forgot."

"Nicholas loathes me and I loathe him. And that's that." I drop my hand away from his lips. "So we should get going. This is going to be so odd-I haven't used my Foreseer power since..." I trail off, remembering the last vision I dipped into, right before Alex and I sacrificed our lives to save the world and each other. My heart compresses in my chest as my eyes drift to his bedroom window. He's only been possessed for a few hours, but I miss him so much it hurts. "We should go. Laylen, will you keep an eye on him?"

He promises he will and Aislin and I are off. We journey a distance away from the Keepers' castle since it's bordered by praesidium, tiny lavender marbles that contain a power to prevent a Foreseer from entering the castle using teleportation. We stop at the shore of the lake, where the water unites with the dirt.

"This should be far enough." I feel the mild hum of my power. "I'm going to take us into the City of Crystal, just outside his home. That way we can get a feel of things before we go barging in on him." My line of vision moves to the castle, back to Alex.

"We'll take him by surprise," she jokes with an anxious laugh. "He'll be okay, Gemma. We'll get that Lost Soul out of him."

"I sure hope so." Because I feel lost without him.

I place my hand on her arm and seal my eyelids. The pull overtakes me as I envision the City of Crystal, the wavy patterns of rubies on the wall, the red icicles dangling from the charcoaled ceiling. I picture my feet on the translucent floor, the river flowing beneath it, carrying pieces of gold. I add a domed house carved out of snow-white crystal, the gemstone shingles, the glowing tree that decorates the glistening front yard. Then I put us there.

"That's the weirdest thing," Aislin remarks, impressed. "It's nothing like transporting. We just go. No magic involved."

I glide across the crystal floor, toward Nicholas' house.

"What if he's not here?" Aislin asks, sliding across the slippery ground. "We probably should have checked before we left."

"We're here now. So it doesn't really matter." I raise my fist to knock on the icy front door, but pull back. "Maybe we should check though the window or something first before we go in."

"Good idea," Aislin agrees. "We can take him by surprise for once."

We skulk to the side of the house and hunch below a frosted window. I wipe it with the sleeve of my shirt, hoping he doesn't see me. Then I sneak my head up. Inside is a bedroom with a single bed, a metallic trunk, and two wooden night stands. In the corner there is a tall mirror where Nicholas is admiring his reflection. Soft music vibrates from the stereo, the closet is open, and the faerie takes a white shirt from a hanger. He shucks off his red tee and replaces it with the white one. It's a quick move, but I still spot an odd mark on his back; a black serpent spiraling up his spine, the head ending on his left shoulder blade.

"What does a serpent mark mean?" I hiss, lowering my head beneath the windowsill.

Aislin picks a glass petal from a flower and flicks it. "I didn't know a mark like that existed."

"Nicholas has one on his back." I pop my head up. He's got his back turned toward the mirror, his shirt rolled up so he can check out his butt. "So this is what the faerie does when he's by himself. Why am I not surprised?"

Aislin's face scrunches and she looks through the window. "Oh my God, he's totally checking himself out." She stifles a laugh. "And now he's giving himself a speech on how sexy he is."

I start to laugh, but remember we're on a mission. I grab her sleeve and guide us to the front door.

"Knock? Or barge in on him?" My fist hovers in front of the door.

"Barge in." She grins. "It'll be more fun that way."

I open the door. Nicholas' house is just how I remember it; green walls, the hardwood floors trimmed by lavender marbles of praesidium. A living room is to the right of the entryway and a slender hallway stretches straight ahead.

"It smells like flowers in here," Aislin pinches her nose as we tiptoe up the hall.

"It's Nicholas," I say. "He always radiates a flowery scent." She giggles and I nudge her with my elbow, choking back a laugh.

The walls are ornamented with shelves and an arrangement of crystal balls balance on them; blue, orange, small, large. There is a painting of a field full of vines and yellow roses, and a woman who has the same sandy hair and golden eyes as Nicholas.

"Ouch! Damn it!" Aislin curses loudly, jumping up and down on one foot. "I stubbed my toe on the table leg."

The music hushes.

"We're so busted," I say.

Aislin flashes me an apologetic look. "Sorry, but it hurt like a-"

"Well, well, well," Nicholas taunts us with smile. He has the white shirt on, his sandy hair hanging in his golden eyes. "Look what the cat dragged in."

"Aislin, are you ready to pull some teeth?" I ask with my eyes locked on Nicholas.

"You couldn't stay away from me." He places a hand on his heart in a touching gesture. "It was seeing me at the castle, wasn't it? You forgot how good looking I was, didn't you?"

"One thing's for sure." Aislin snorts a laugh. "You sure haven't."

I cover my mouth, masking a grin. "We need your help with something... a project with a crystal and some information about The Afterlife."

He struts down the hall until he's invading my personal space, eyes glinting, his lips pressing, his floral scent stinking up my nostrils. "Why is it you always need my help?"

"You tell me?" I counter. "I'm starting to find it a little strange."

He leans in, his breath hot on my cheek. "If you're trying to imply something, you need to come out and say it. I don't have all day to figure it out."

I gently push him out of my face. "I need your help with freeing my dad."

He rolls his eyes. "That's the stupidest statement you could make. Your dad's in the Room of Forbidden. And I've already told you there's no way to free him."

"I have the Crystal of Limitation," I say. "I just need some aid from another Foreseer willing to break the laws. And you seem to fit that bill very well."

He feigns insult. "When did I ever break the rules? Yes, I might have questionable morals, but rule breaker doesn't fit my style."

Aislin cups her hand around my ear and whispers, "Bat your eyelashes at him."

I shake her off. "Would you please just help me... please?" I'm on the verge of begging, and I don't like giving the faerie that much power.

"What's in it for me?" He licks his lips, his expression questioning.

"What do you want?" I ask, irritation evading my tone.

He grins and his hands dart to my hips. "I think the question is what do you want?"

I stomp on his toes. "Don't ever touch me again."

He winces, his jaw clenched, his golden eyes flaming. "I ought to make you pay for that. In fact, I will, by not helping you."

I glance at Aislin for help and she nods.

"Transire nunc!" Rays of silver and violet stream from her hand. Nicholas starts to run, but slips on the rug and stumbles to the floor. Magic swirls to the ceiling and dives like a bird right into his stomach. He gags, his skin tinting green. His head thuds backward and his eyes roll back.

"Remind me never to piss you off," I say to Aislin, standing over the unconscious faerie. "The problem is, now we have to tow him across the yard-I can't foresee us out of here."

Aislin raises her hand cleverly and waggles her fingers. "I can take care of that. Movere eum deinceps." Nicholas soars upward and levitates down the hall. She snaps her fingers and the door flies open, rocking the house. His body descends outside, landing in the center of the icy yard.

"Again, remind me never to piss you off," I say, and dash outside. "You know he's going to be a problem when he wakes up. We might have to do something about that."

She beams and we hurry to Nicholas. I station a hand on Aislin's arm and prod my foot against Nicholas' leg. I visualize the Keepers' castle, the grey stones, the peaking towers, the trees embellishing the clear lake. But I don't feel the pull. I try again, but my head aches in response.

I open my eyes. "Something's wrong." My hand falls from Aislin's arm. "I can't feel my power."

Our gazes zip around the crystal area.

"Is there any praesidium lying around?" she asks.

I'm alert of the absence of power in my veins. "It's not that." I circle around Nicholas, biting at my thumbnail. "It's something with him; something about him is blocking me."

"Maybe he has praesidium on him?" She shrugs.

I raise my eyebrows. "You want to do the honors?" She shakes her head and I sigh. I squat down and pat his pockets. "Nothing. But there's..." The current zaps me like a finger to an outlet. I'm joggled back and I bash my tailbone against the crystal ground. Snakes crawl over my skin or underneath my skin. I can't tell.

"Get them off me!" I scream, clawing at my skin. "Aislin! Help!"

Aislin's eyes snap wide and she stutters, "Gemma, get what off you? I can't tell what you're looking at."

I throw up my arms, showing her the lines slithering under my skin. "I hate snakes! Please!" I thrust my legs. "Get them off!"

She gapes, baffled, her arms hanging to the side. "Gemma, there's nothing on you."

I scrape at my skin and droplets of red drip onto the crystal below.

Aislin seizes my hands and crouches down. "Stop scratching. There's nothing there. Something's just making you hallucinate. Now, relax and try again."

Snakes are everywhere, sucking on my blood. But I shut my eyes, forcing past the crawling sensation. Again, I picture the castle, the lake, the trees, the cars. I breathe deep, pushing my mind through the block. A pop. We're falling not to the castle, but into darkness, a suffocating hole with no bottom in sight.

We're falling into the unknown.

Chapter 9

The first time I was sucked into a vision, I touched a crystal ball and fell down a spiraling tunnel bursting with light. Ultimately, I discovered that my Foreseer power was unique and that I didn't require a crystal ball to use it. All I had to do was close my eyes, sense the energy, and I was there; in the past, present, or future.

It's like I've relapsed to the past when I had no control over my power. Aislin and Nicholas are nowhere to be seen. Just cold and darkness, the air thick like death. My hands are flared to my side as I hunt for something to grab onto.

"Aislin!" I holler, detecting the end approaching. "Aislin, can you hear me-" My body hits the bottom, like a bag of bricks tumbling off a cliff. The force sends shockwaves through my bones. Bracing myself, I stagger sideways.

"Gemma!" Aislin's panicked voice rains down as she crashes to the bottom. A moment later, a loud thump as Nicholas hits.

"Are you okay?" I feel around, struggling to get my bearings.

"Nice job." Nicholas moans. "You know this is exactly what they wanted. And it proves that you're very predictable, Gemma Lucas."

"What are you talking about?" The toe of my sneakers bumps into him. "Who are they?"

He shifts away from my foot. "The Foreseers. And I had my doubts-honestly I figured you'd be done asking for my help. Yet, you always show up, begging me for it."

"How did they know..." I drift off. "They read the visions, didn't they?"

"Nope, not this time," he says. "This time you were betrayed by your own family. Ever heard of a little thing called memoria tea?"

"Memory tea?" I wonder. "Does that mean-"

Aislin claps her hands animatedly. "Oh my gosh, you got one right." A pause of awkward silence. "My excitement was a little inappropriate for this situation, isn't it?"

"A little," I reply, stewing over what Nicholas said. "And the translation was kind of obvious... You say I was betrayed by my family and that my memory was tampered with."

"Not your memory. Your mind." His footsteps pad closer. "Your Aunt Nalina slipped you some memoria tea so that the Foreseers could have direct access into your mind and your thoughts.

"She did what?!" I knew the tea was bad news.

He gives a low chuckle. "So for the last day or so, they've seen your decisions-your thoughts."

"All of them?" I cringe at the awareness of the Foreseers viewing some of my private thoughts, especially current ones about a certain faerie/Foreseer.

"What's the matter, Gemma? Worried they might have seen some personal thoughts?"

"Why did they do it?" I ask, changing the subject. "So they could find out if I am trying to free my father?"

"Applause for the genius mind over here," Nicholas hoots, applauding his hands. "She figured an answer out all on her own."

"So what was up with the snake thing?" Aislin sounds undaunted. "And what is this place?"

"This is what the Foreseers refer to as the holding cell," he answers. "And the snake thing was from the Serpent's Mark on my back."

"You act like you enjoy having this particular mark," I say. "That makes me instantly not like it."

"The Serpent's Mark gave me the lovely gift of making you think snakes were crawling all over you," he explains with hilarity. "It also is what hindered your power and took us all down here. It was a gift, you know, from a very important person."

"I'm not going to even try to guess who," I say. "Because I'm sure you won't tell me."

He chortles lowly, a deep grumble that puts me on edge. "You're getting smarter by the second, well except for the fact that you ended up down here."

"You know, it kind of seems like a silly way of doing things," Aislin tells him. "Now you're stuck in here with us too."

I sigh exhaustedly. "How long does our imprisonment last?"

"For eternity and beyond, wah ha ha," Nicholas jokes, then subdues his humor. "I'm not really sure. Until they find us, I guess."

"Find us?" Darkness smothers my lungs. Claustrophobia creeps in. "If they put us here, then they should know we're here."

"Oh, they know we're here," he reveals. "It just depends on when they feel like freeing us. You've pissed a lot of them off with your nosing around and unlawful plans to free your father. Dyvinius is really upset. And since he's the man with the power, you could be here indefinitely."

"Indefinitely?" Aislin and I say, harmonized.

Stillness engulfs us. I sit down on the semi-soft ground and cross my legs, easing back on my arms. I hear Aislin shift as she takes a seat. Nicholas remains immobile.

"So have you heard of any recent events of a Lost Soul wandering around, possessing human bodies?" I opt to throw it out there.

Nicholas' silence says it all.

"When was it?" I ask. "And who did it happen to?" The edge of his finger touches mine. I freeze, willing my hand to stay in place.

"It's a secret amongst the dead Faerie World." His tone is passive. "If I share it, The Queen of the Afterlife might kill me."

I'm torn. Urge him to tell me? Or let him be?

"Once a year she bends the laws and sends a handful up. It's only a few, so they sneak under the radar," he starts, surprising me. "She does it, looking for the one who will free her-the Lost Soul. "

"But The Lost Souls and the Queen were banished I thought."

"They were," Aislin chimes in. "With the sigillum cristallum."

"That's why the world will always have problems," Nicholas spats grudgingly. "The Keepers always think they can force otherworldly creatures to stay out of the Human World. But there are always loopholes." He nudges me in the ribs with his elbow. "Gemma knows that way too well."

I incline away from him. "So what's the Queen's loophole? How does she get up here without the Keepers knowing?"

"Well, currently the Keepers are a rare breed, thanks to Stephan and his Death Walker army," Nicholas reminds us. "So breaking the rules is easier for everyone. However, the Queen herself can't come up... yet. That's what she's looking for-her loophole."

"Through a Lost Soul?" I question. "That doesn't make any sense."

"Not the Lost Soul of the dead," he clarifies. "The Lost Soul of the living."

I swallow the rock size lump in my throat. "And what's the definition of a living Lost Soul?"

"A soul that is broken." He pauses. "It's a soul that's not completely one's own. A soul that perhaps belongs to another. And if she takes possession of this soul, she can roam the Human World, feeding off innocent souls."

My heart stops. I'm taken back to my journey to The Afterlife, when the Queen bargained for my soul. No wonder she was so desperate to get it. And when she lost it due to Annabella, she threw a tantrum.

"But she'd have to take both of our souls," I speak quietly. "No one can take Alex or mine's soul without taking both. It's why we were freed from death, why our souls were given back to us."

"Who said the Queen was just after yours," Nicholas asks.

I place a hand over my heart, searching for a cut. "I don't feel possessed."

"Maybe she hasn't gotten to you yet," Aislin says encouragingly. "In fact, from the way Alex is acting, I'd say you're not."

Nicholas laughs giddily. "A Lost Soul possessed Alex. Wow, this is turning out to be a great day."

Through the dark, I locate his wrist and dig my fingernails into his skin. "Tell me how to get the Lost Soul out."

"Why? It doesn't matter. Now that she's figured out where the Lost Soul is that will free her, she'll stop at nothing to get it." He snakes his hand around mine.

"Just tell me," I coax. "No matter what, I'll always save him, even if I have to do it a million times."

"And what happens when she gets you?"

"Then he'll save me."

"What kind of delusional Shakespearean world do you two live in?"

"A kind you'll never know if you keep acting the way you do." I recoil hand from his. "Now will you please just tell me?"

"I'll tell you," he says slyly. "But I want one favor in return. And I'm not going to tell you what. Just know that I will collect it eventually."

Aislin leans toward me, keeping her voice hushed. "You know it's going to be bad, right? In fact, he's probably already got something in his head."

"I know," I whisper. "But I have to."

"Since I don't have my knife to make a Blood Promise," Nicholas rustles around, "I'll have to take your word. But if you try to back out, I promise you'll regret it. I've got more connections then you can ever dream of."

The threatening Nicholas is kind of scary.

"Okay, you have my word. I owe you one favor." I might as well be making a deal with the devil.

His mood converts from sullen to cheerful. "To free a Lost Soul from a human body, you have to force the human to regain control. You have to put them in a situation so intense-so powerful that their emotions consume the Lost Soul and force it from their body."

"So that's the key-emotion?" I sense my own emotions, very much alive even after years of being dead.

"Isn't that the key to everything?" He takes a jab at me.

"Are you sure there isn't just a magic spell or something?" Aislin interjects. "It would be so much easier if there was."

"If everything was easy, then problems wouldn't exist." Nicholas' fingers brush my collarbone. I wasn't aware he was so close. My muscles spasm with surprise. "And life would be boring."

I open my mouth, but a pale spotlight gleams above our heads and circles us in a halo of white. We jump to our feet, shielding our eyes and blinking up.

"Do you see anyone up there?" Aislin whispers, ducking out of the light.

"I don't know." I spin to Nicholas "Alright Mr. Know-it-all, who is it..." I pause, my fingers hunting for him. "Damn it. I think he's gone."

Aislin turns in a circle. "Where could he have gone? There's nothing here, Gemma."

I rub my temples, wishing I was back at the castle, cuddled up with an unpossessed Alex. "Who knows? He probably had a way out of here the whole time and was just messing with our heads."

"Gemma Lucas." A deep voice bellows. "I hereby declare you a risk to the Foreseers and all that we stand for. The rules state that under no circumstances will a Foreseer aid to another Foreseer's banishment to the Room of Forbidden. A plot or act to giving them their freedom breaks the law, therefore resulting in punishment."

"Dyvinius, is that you?" I gaze through the light, protecting my eyes with my hand. "I know it is. You need to listen to me. My dad's no longer guilty. I fixed his mistakes."

They ignore me. "The punishment will result as follows: One, the offender will be expelled from the City of Crystal."

"Such a bummer," Aislin mumbles contemptuously, giving a dramatic stomp of her foot and swing of her arm.

The voice loudens. "Number two, the right to use the power of the Divination Crystal is revoked. You will no longer be able to use the power to see or travel through time. This also includes your unique gift that doesn't require the aid of a crystal ball."

"What?!" Aislin and I exclaim.

He talks over us. "And three, your Foreseer mark will be erased."

The back of my neck sizzles, heat erupting down my shoulder blade and spine. I hunch over, choking and clasping my neck. "You can't do this!" If he does, then I'll never free my father. "Dyvinius-" Tripping over my feet, I tumble for the ground. "Aislin are you..."

I sink to the ground and it swallows me.

Chapter 10

"Gemma, can you hear me?" Aislin asks, concern lacing her tone. "Open your eyes, please. You're freaking me out."

"Go away," I mutter. My head spins like a whirlwind and my neck burns like liquid fire. "Please, just go away."

"I can't," Aislin says. "Not until I know you're okay."

"I'm okay." I sliver my eyelids open. Tall grass swathes my head, water soaks my shoes, and the blue sky taunts me with its cheeriness.

"It's not the end of the world." She bends down, her golden brown hair veiling our heads. "You hated your Foreseer power anyway."

I sit up, my fingers refusing to leave my neck. "If someone took your Wicca power, would you be upset?"

"But you haven't used it in a while," she points out. "Well, except for today."

"It's the only thing that could free my dad," I complain.

She dusts off her white shirt, which is still buttoned unevenly. "I know."

I slip my black and purple sneaker off and dump the pebbles and water from it. My feet are within reach of the lake's waves. Twigs and leaves cake my hair. I pluck a crusty leaf out and flick it to the dirt.

"I'm sorry," I apologize. "I'm just upset. It was right within my grasp and now it's gone. And my dad's still stuck in the Room of Forbidden."

"We'll figure something out," she vows. "We always do."

I nod, but don't believe her. We can't figure out everything and were bound to run into an unfixable problem. "We should get back to the house." I sway to my feet, tipsy from whatever Dyvinius did to me. I sweep my hair to the side, looking over my shoulder, and spot the fiery ring of the Keeper's mark.

"It's gone," she states solemnly. "Your Foreseer mark isn't there anymore. I checked."

I sketch my thumb over the star tattooing my wrist. I'm sad my Foreseer mark is gone, but grateful the star's still inked on my skin. "We should get back to the house."

She agrees and we trudge over the shallow hill, away from the lake and to the castle. The cars are parked in the driveway, the hoods are down, and Laylen is missing. The front door's cracked and smashed flower pots splinter across the steps.

My shoes crush the fragments of glass. "Is it me or does something seem a little off?"

"It's not just you." A shimmer of gold conceals her palm as she charges her power. She inches the door open and we enter cautiously. Aislin sneaks a small knife from her purse sitting on the foyer table. She gives it to me, her hands still glowing. Voices flow from the library. We creep past the stairs and down the hallway. I take the lead, the knife upturned. When we arrive, I want to turn back and hide in my room forever. I've met Stasha only once, and it was enough. Stasha is Alex's ex-girlfriend, who happens to possess the power of death. With a simple touch, she can kill. I know because she tried it on me. But it backfired and she only ended up temporarily scarring my hands.

She sits in one of the leather chairs. Black gloves cloak her hands and she wears a bright blue dress that matches her eyes. She flips her blonde hair, flirting with Alex, who is seated in the chair across from her. He's grinning and his green eyes glint with something that makes my blood burn.

Laylen spots us and leaps up from the table, causing Stasha and Alex's eyes to dart to us.

Sasha's lips expand into a malicious smile. "Well, look who we have here."

Laylen holds up his hands. "I did not let her in. In fact, I tried to shove her down the steps and slam the door in her face."

Which means Alex is the guilty party. It also explains the broken flower pots on the front steps.

Alex's eyes are guarded as he sizes up my forthcoming reaction. I tell myself it's the Lost Soul toying with me, not him. Jealousy devours me, but I stay calm.

"I don't have time for this. I have bigger things to worry about." I turn my back on them and walk away, even though it kills me.

"Go check on her," I hear Aislin say and footsteps chase after me.

"I'm fine," I tell Laylen before he catches up. "I just need to go lie down and clear my head."

He walks at my pace, hands tucked in the pockets of his black jeans. "Fine I'll go with you. I need a nap anyway."

We trot up the stairs and hide out in my room. The temperature is stifling and I crack a window, letting the cool air in. "I really am fine." I flop down on my four-post bed. "I don't need to be babysat."

He drops down on the bed and overlaps his hands behind his head. "He's not himself. You have to look at it like that."

"I know." I roll to my side, fluff a purple throw pillow, and rest my head on it. "That's not why I'm upset. Well that's not the entire reason I'm upset."

A pause. "Gemma... where's your Foreseer mark?" His fingers brush the back of my neck.

"Things didn't go as planned." I take a deep breath, forcing back the sting in my eyes, and give him a recap of the last few hours. When I'm finished, I turn back over.

He watches me with sympathy. "I'm sorry. I know how much you wanted to free your dad." Laylen's parents died a long time ago, due to Stephan and his murderous plan to end the world. Laylen understands pain better than most people. "We'll find a way. We always do."

"That's exactly what Aislin said." I force a small smile. "And maybe we will."

"We will." He pats my back supportively. "But first, we need to get that damn Lost Soul out of Alex. He's annoying as hell."

"What's the best way to create an emotional outburst?" I ask.

We deliberate an answer, listening to the rapid flapping of a hummingbird's wings just outside the window.

I shoot upright and smack my forehead with the heel of my hand. "I'm so stupid. Why didn't I think of this right when Nicholas said it?"

Laylen watches me pace the room with determination. "Care to share what your brilliant mind's thinking?"

I halt in the middle of the room. "Death."

His mouth sinks to a dubious frown. "Look Gemma, I know you saved him once before, but I don't think killing him is a good idea. He might not come back this time."

"He's not the one who's going to die." My gaze coasts to the window where the lake shimmers across the land. "I am."

Chapter 11

Laylen moves his finger from side to side in front of my eyes. "Did you hit your head or something?" He dips his head, inspecting my pupils. "Maybe you have a concussion."

"I don't have a concussion." I step back and fold my arms. "Nicholas said to evoke emotion from him and what better way to do it than for me to die."

"Because you'd be dead." He sinks down on the foot of the bed and slumps his head in his hands. "That's the most ridiculous idea I've ever heard come out of your mouth."

"I wouldn't actually die." I sit next to him. "I'd just scare him enough that he'd think I was going to if he didn't save me."

He raises his head, looking aggravated. "Don't you think you've already tested death a few too many times? One of these times you might fail the test and there won't be a retake."

I fidget with my locket, clicking it open and shut. "I know, but I can't let him be controlled by a mummified corpse. I have to save him."

"Then do something else," he says. "Piss him off, make him happy. Do anything else but scare the crap out of him."

"I've already pissed him off. And making him happy would be hard, since he has a vendetta to hurt me. Fear is a really strong emotion, Laylen. It can come out of nowhere and is really difficult to control or turn off with the snap of a finger."

He huffs a breath and falls back onto the bed melodramatically. "Gemma Lucas, you drive me absolutely crazy sometimes. You know that?"

"I know." I collapse beside him with my arms above my head. "But it wouldn't be the same if I didn't."

He shakes his head. "So what's your plan then? How do we make it look like you die?"

"The lake." I flip over to my stomach and boost up on my elbows. "I can't swim. So if I go out there and he thinks I'm going to drown, it'll scare him enough that he'll save me and hopefully it'll kick the Lost Soul to the curb."

"And what if he doesn't?" he asks. "Then what?"

I pinch his arm playfully. "Then you'll save me."

He deliberates my plan. "Well, you know I can't pass up saving a damsel-in-distress. But I'm telling you right now, the moment I see you going under, I'm jumping in."

"So how do we stage it?" I contemplate. "We need a way to get him out of the house and by the lake."

"And away from Blondie down there," he adds, nodding his head at the door.

My lip twitches with jealousy. "Why is she even here?"

"She said it was because she wanted to pay a visit," Laylen explains with suspicion. "But I think it's a little strange that she shows up when Alex is possessed."

"And because the last time we saw her, you threatened to kill her unless she took her death out of my hands." I grin, enjoying the memory.

"She's up to something," Laylen speculates. "And we need to find out what. The last thing we need is Death Girl hanging around making our lives harder."

"We'll start with the Lost Soul situation. Then we'll get to the bottom of her hidden agenda." I get to my feet, offer my hand, and tug him up.

"Then after that, we'll get your mark back," he says with an encouraging smile.

I smile back, but it's fake. I have an inkling I'll never have the Foreseer mark again.

***

I tell Laylen I'll meet him in the library. There's something I want to check on real quick. I work my hand underneath the mattress and retrieve the Foreseer's book. It contains the history of the Foreseers and the secrets of who they are and what they can do. I search the pages, hoping there's an answer on how to get my mark back. With each page, my heart sinks, until I come across one, not about the mark, but about something equally as interesting.

There are certain cases where Foreseers possess extraordinary gifts. These particular Foreseers can reach beyond the norm of reading visions, going as far as controlling visions or at least manipulating them. They can spark the mind to believe things that aren't real and invade...

I turn to the next page. It's blank. I run my fingers along the binding. Not blank. Torn out.

"You have got to be kidding me." I huff, slamming the book. What does it mean? Invade what? Someone's mind?

The door opens and Laylen peeks his head in. "You coming?"

"Yeah." I kick the book under the bed.

We go to the library. Aislin has Alex cornered, waving her finger viciously at him. There's a stern lecture in place and I'm surprised she hasn't stunned him with her magic yet. Stasha's gone, but I'm not holding my breath she's left our lives forever.

"It's okay Aislin." I wiggle my way between them, freeing Alex from her fury. "We were going to go for a walk. You want to come?"

Aislin's eyebrows dip together and her hands descend to her side. "You're going to do what?" She lowers her voice, her green eyes pressing the severity. "Don't we have bigger problems to solve?"

"That's what we're doing." I widen my eyes, trying to get her to understand. "We're going outside to fix the problem."

She nods, comprehending. "Gotcha." She links arms with Laylen and they head for the door.

"Are you coming?" I ask Alex.

"Why would I?" He moves from the wall, bumping his shoulder into mine. "I have better things to do."

"Yeah, but what fun is that." I speed by him, purposefully stepping on his toe. "You'll be all by yourself with no one to torture." Laylen shoots a warning look, before he and Aislin exit the room. I put my game face on, ready to tango with the Lost Soul. But on the inside, I'm jittery and terrified. "You know you want to. I mean, think about it. What better way to spend the afternoon then tearing my heart apart."

His eyes flame with malice and a chill courses through my body. In three long strides, he's backed me into the corner, the bookshelf stabbing into my back.

"You stupid little girl," he growls, his eyes black and untamed. "You think you can out smart me."

Holy shit. "Who are you?"

"You already know that answer," he breathes hotly. "That's why you're trying to get me to follow you. Don't think you can fool me with your mortal tricks."

"Do you have a name?" I ask, my shoulders stiffening. "Or does the Queen just refer to you as Lost Soul number whatever? From what I've seen, you guys are nothing to her."

His hands clamp down on the bookshelf, restraining my head between his arms. "Say whatever you want. Your time will come."

I gulp, but keep my gaze fixed on him. "And why hasn't it yet?"

"Te sunt seruatis unum." His lips curl. "But it will come."

I latch onto the words, because I can't translate them. My eyes search Alex's, hoping for a small piece of him still thriving inside. His eyes are empty-soulless.

"Alex." I take on a new approach. "Please come back to me. Don't let him take you."

His hands slide down my shoulders, down my arms, and stop at my wrists. He clutches forcefully, bruising my skin. "Maybe this is really him and he's finally showing his true colors."

I open my mouth, but then clamp it shut, knowing my voice will shake.

He shoves back, his calm demeanor returning. "Have fun on your walk." He saunters out, leaving me with my worry and the fear that it might be too late to save him.

***

Laylen and Aislin are waiting for me under a tree at the edge of the lake, the leafy limbs shading the remaining trickle of sunlight. Dusk is taking over, blanketing the land with darkness.

"Where is he?" Laylen asks as I approach them.

I drop down on the grass, tucking my legs under me. "Alex, or should I say the Lost Soul, isn't coming. I think it might be worse than we thought." I raise my arms, showing them the welts forming where he gripped me. "The Lost Soul spoke to me."

Laylen takes my arm and examines my wrist with shock. "Alex did this to you?"

"No, The Lost Soul did," I clarify.

"What did he say?" Aislin kneels up and covers her knees with her skirt.

I pick at the grass. "He said maybe it's really Alex and he's finally just showing his true colors."

"You know that's not true," Aislin comforts me. "It's the Lost Soul messing with your head."

"I know." I toss some grass in the air and watch it land in the water. "Te sunt seruatis unum."

"What?" Aislin and Laylen gape at me.

"That's the other thing he said," I explain. "What does it mean?"

"It means you're one of the protected ones." Laylen fiddles with his lip ring.

"I'm protected from the Queen?" I support my elbow on my leg and let my chin fall in my hand. "Or protected from The Lost Souls?"

"I'm not sure." Aislin's hair flaps in the wind as she stares at the lake. "I'd guess it means you're significant somehow."

"But the star's energy isn't in me anymore," I say. "I thought I was normal again."

"I don't think you'll ever be normal," Laylen states with honesty. "I don't think any of us will be."

A bitter taste floods my mouth. "I wish we were, though."

We nod our heads agreeing.

"We're being watched," Aislin states through gritted teeth.

Standing in the arch entryway of the castle, Alex has his arms crossed, his eyes fastened to our huddle up.

"What do you think he's doing?" Aislin fiddles with her hooped earring.

"Planning our murder probably," Laylen jokes tensely.

"I have an idea." I slip off my shoes and squeeze behind Laylen. I hoist myself into the tree. The branches crackle as I ascend upward. Moving slowly, I reach a thick branch that elongates over the lake. I step on it vigilantly, feeling the sway. With my hands out to the side, I balance to the end. It curves under my weight and my breath falters.

"Gemma, don't." Laylen advises from below.

I glance at the castle to make sure Alex is still watching, then I raise my hands above my head. My heart leaps in my throat as I spring on my toes and dive into the lake. Screams ring the air and the icy water stings my skin like pins and needles. I thrash my arms, resurfacing, before losing momentum and sinking for the bottom. Murky water suffocates my lungs, blinds my eyes.

Alex, where are you? I kick my legs and paddle my arms, verging for the surface, but never breaking it. Don't be afraid. Laylen will save you. Water chokes my lungs and smothers my sight. A hand clasps mine and I'm yanked upward. Warmth rushes over me until bony fingers twine around my ankle.

Something's wrong. The Water Faeries are out, even though the lake hasn't been sprinkled with ash. They wrench on my leg and my fingers slip from my rescuer. Darkness assails me as I downfall to The Underworld.

Chapter 12

I've been to The Underworld before to save my mom from the Queen's custody. It's a wretched place, packed with the death. The Water Fey like to torture people and creatures who commit horrendous crimes. They feed off pain and fear, like it's water and air.

The faerie drags me to the bottom of the lake and dives into a tunnel channeling into the sand. Even if I escaped, I'd drown before I made it to the top. Water whirlpools and sloshes my body in different directions. When we splash to land, I'm dizzy and half-drowned. I hack up water until my ribs ache. My gaze scales to a waterfall, roaring over a rocky cliff. I shove up, my palms scraping the jagged rocks. A Water Faerie, white and wispy, floats in front of me. Its hollow eyes refuse to leave me. I dodge to the side, but it whooshes over and blocks my path. I spin around, prepared to plunge back into the water.

"No." The faerie's breathy voice delivers a shiver down my spine. "This way."

I glance over my shoulder. "You can talk?"

Its fabric legs touch the rocks. "Only for the protected." It soars upward and plummets behind me. "Now go."

My legs tremble as I mount the side of the steep cliff. The rough edges cut my bare feet and my drenched clothes weigh me down. The faerie taunts me, floating behind me during the climb. My hands blunder, but I snatch a ledge before falling to a painful death. When I heave onto the top, I'm breathless and dripping with sweat and water.

"Get up," the Water Faerie commands.

I rub the dirt from my eyes and stand up. A long tunnel stretches into the wall of the cliff and The Water Faerie shoos me down it. The light disappears the farther I walk. Pitch black eventually takes over.

"You say I'm one of the protected." I trip down the tunnel. "What does that mean?"

It doesn't reply.

Sand encrusts my feet and clothes. The musty air is overpowering and the ceiling leaks moldy water. When I escape the tunnel, and step into the light, I don't know whether to be relieved or frightened.

"Gemma Lucas." The Queen's sunken eyes acknowledge me with delight. Her flowing white hair blends with her dress and her flaky lips curl to a revengeful smirk. "Daughter of Jocelyn Lucas, how very kind of you to return to my kingdom."

"I didn't return," I snap. "I was stolen against my will."

"There's no need to be rude," she responds with caution in her tone. "You were brought here for a reason."

"Why?" I question snippily. "To torture my soul?"

"Come with me and I'll show you." Gathering the train of her dress, she resorts to her chambers. The room sparkles with rays of light that shimmer against the graphite. The Queen's throne serpents to the bowled ceiling, carved of clear and violet quartz. A wooden chair is perched across from the throne in an area where the light gathers.

"Please, have a seat." She lowers onto the throne and adjusts her dress.

"No thanks," I decline. "I'd rather stand."

"I'm not asking." She snaps her fingers. Two Water Faeries tackle me and force me to the chair. The Queen laughs. "This is my land and my rules apply. Don't defy me ever."

"But you broke the laws." I tread on thin ice. "By bringing me down here. I'm not a criminal and no ash was sprinkled into the lake."

"With you, there's a stipulation that allows my faeries to bring you down here without breaking the laws." She overlaps her thin fingers and places her hands on her lap. "There's a term for people like you."

"A Protected One," I say. "I don't know what that means."

Her eyes snap cold. "Qui redit a mortem. The one who returns from the dead."

"I think you're thinking of a zombie." I point at the flesh on my arm. "My skin's not rotting. I don't have any urge to eat someone. I'm pretty sure I'm not one."

"That's the Undead." Her tone's like a blizzard. "I can assure you Gemma, there are no such things as zombies. What I speak of is someone who dies but revives. One who returns from death and goes on living. One who's been in The Afterlife, but has returned."

I wonder how bad it is that I've done that twice. "Then why did your faerie say I was one of the Protected. How can I be protected if you brought me down here?"

"Because you're protected from death, not from me."

"That's always been the case," I say. "I can't die without Alex."

She laughs uncontrollably. "You really think that's the case still."

"I... why wouldn't it be?"

"You two died, and so did the star. There is nothing protecting you from death now. You had your one out and now it's gone. Well, for your other half anyway. But you-you can die over and over again."

I'm struck speechless. "I'm not immortal. I don't bare the mark."

"I'm not talking about Immortality!" she shouts, then composes herself. "I'm talking about something bigger. You are now protected from death, from possession of death and Lost Souls. You can travel between the world of the dead and of the living. All you have to do is die."

"I'm not immortal," I repeat, shaking my head. "I can die. I know I can."

The Queen curls her fingers over the arm rests. "I get it. You need proof." Before I protest, she raises her chin and a white blur zips inside the room. A Water Faerie strangles my throat, burrowing its skeletal fingers into my neck. My bones splinter under its strength. My head wobbles like a bobble head. I slump from the chair to the floor. My heart hushes as I gasp my last breath.

***

"Gemma Lucas, what are you doing?" A familiar laugh perks my ears. "Open your eyes. You need to see me for this."

I obey. Grass indents my cheeks and fresh dirt scents the air. A single rose petal drifts, the powdery edge grazing my nose. The twisted roots of a willow tree are half hidden by the ground. I roll to my back. Long branches of the willow tree dance above.

"Hello Gemma." My mother's blue eyes fill me with love. Pieces of her long, brown hair falls into her face as she helps me to my feet. Her floral dress bunches on the ground and her feet are bare. She dusts the dirt out of my hair and embraces me in a tight hug. "I've missed you so much."

I shut my eyes, breathing back the tears, and wrap my trembling arms around her. "I've missed you to." I pull back and look her in the eyes. "But why am I here?"

"You're not technically here," she tells me. "You're here in a dream."

"But it feels so real."

"So do all of your dreams."

White and red rose petals flow from the garden, winding and curving freely in the air.

"Why am I not dead?" I ask. "The Water Faerie broke my neck."

"For the same reason you're alive." She gives my hand a squeeze. "Because it's your destiny. You have a free pass now to and from death. Helena can't touch your soul unless you offer it to her."

"But I thought my destiny ended with the star?" I say. "I thought it was all over."

"Everyone has a destiny. Yours is just more important. I always knew it would be, since the day you were born." She smiles brightly. "My violet-eyed little girl. You're going to do great things, but it will be hard. You will be tested, more than you already have. But no matter what, you can never lose yourself. You have to fight not matter what."

"I don't understand," I whisper as the wind carries me back to life. "Mom! Wait!"

***

My bones crack as I reunite with my body. My limbs shift in appalling directions, like a creature from a horror movie. I realign them. My neck is the last part to reposition as I aid it with my hand until it locks into place.

"Why did you do that?!" I cry, charging for her. "You killed me!"

The Queen whisks from her throne and meets me in the middle. "You needed proof, otherwise you wouldn't believe me. Your breath, your beating heart, are proof."

I press a hand to my heart. "It stopped beating. I felt it. But how did I come back?"

"You are now part of the ones who can return," she says. "If you die long enough, you can go to the Afterlife, but can come back and revive to your body. Of course, you have to wait for your body to except you back. Depending on the severity of the death, you could be dead for a matter of minutes. Or with a more brutal death," her lips curl with excitement, "then you could be gone for days."

"One's? As in plural?" I stammer, stretching my fingers as the blood flow returns. "There's a whole group of people who've died and came back?"

"You think you're the only one who's been resurrected?" she laughs at the absurdness.

"But you said that I was protected from possession." I think of Alex. He came back from death.

"He didn't make it to death," she states like a mind reader. "He made it between life and death, unlike you who made it to The Afterlife."

"How do you know this?" I keep my voice guarded. "And why does it matter to you what I am? Why did you bring me down here?"

"I've been waiting for one of you for a very long time." A wicked grin curves on her face and she dashes forward, stopping inches from my face. "Have you ever wondered why death and faeries seem to go together? You have Helena, Queen of The Lost Souls. Annabella, Queen of Essences. And then there's me, Lucinda, Queen of The Underworld."

I stagger backward. "Are you saying that you're all related?"

"We're sisters." Her grin broadens like a true villain. "And just like all siblings, we have our quarrels. The current one is over a soul my sister Helena wants. And what better way to enrage her, then to take the soul she desperately searches for-the one that's crossed over and came back."

"Why does she want my soul?" I ask, my voice surprisingly steady. "Why not take someone else's soul?"

"You're the one Annabella released." Her face is a sliver of space away from mine. I can see down her eye sockets. "You're the one whose soul belongs to another. She wants you because of your high value."

"High value for what?" I ask with a feeling there's more to the story than she's letting on. "So she can free all her Lost souls and herself over into the Human World?"

Without forewarning, she bashes me over the head with her fist. A shot of warmth vibrates from my head to my toes. Concisely, I sense a connection to The Underworld, as if I'm a part of it-as if I belong here. But it makes no sense.

I see stars. I hear music. I collide with the ground and black out.

Chapter 13

"Where is my mind?" by the Pixies plays in my head, over and over again. Finally, I wake up. A cold sensation possesses me, like I have been hollowed out, my soul robbed. What did she do to me?

I roll my eyes into focus. Brown water drips from the cement ceiling and pools onto my forehead. I wipe it away and hastily sit up. Cement walls and a metal bed with a filthy mattress; that's where I am. There's a heavy metal door and I try to open it.

"Lucinda!" I shake and bang on the locked door. "Open up! You can't do this to me! I'm not a prisoner!" My voice echoes around the tiny cell. I slump to the ground and hug my legs against my chest. "If I just had my Foreseer's power, there wouldn't be a problem." My fingers touch the back of my bare neck. Concentrating, I try to restore my power. I end up with a headache. Tears threaten to spill out, but I refuse to melt down. I remain immobile, until the door clicks and slides open.

Alex stumbles in and the door crashes shut. His clothes are soaked, one shoe is missing, and his hair beads droplets of water down his cheeks.

I jump to my feet, the chill swiftly fading. "Alex! Or are you-" His arms are around me before I can finish. He hugs me like I'm his oxygen. I breathe in his scent, cologne mixed with the musty odor of the lake. "You're... you again."

"Did you think that lake accident wouldn't work?" He tries for a light tone, but fails.

"I hoped, but I never assume anything's going to work out," I whisper, clutching onto him. God, how did I ever live without this-without him? It's been a little over a day since the Lost Soul took him over, but it feels like forever. "How did you get down here?"

"I sprinkled ash in the water," he says. "After I became myself again. Laylen saw the Water Faeries take you. He jumped in to save you, but didn't reach you in time."

I lean back and sigh. "As much as I love that you came here to save me, now we're both her prisoners. We're giving her more power."

He runs his fingers through his damp hair. "How did she get a hold of you? It's against the law for Water Fey to surface the lake without being summoned by the ash."

"Because apparently I'm a loophole," I tell him, wiping the water trickling from his hair to his cheek. When his eyebrows furrow, I explain what Lucinda told me.

"A Protected One." He absentmindedly twists a strand of my hair around his finger. "I've never heard of one. Are you sure she didn't just make it up?"

"You told me-or the Lost Soul inside you told me about it." I lead us to the bed and sit cross-legged. "It doesn't make sense. Helena wants my soul, but I can't be possessed. And according to my mom, I have to give her my soul. So Helena decides to have a Lost Soul take over your body instead? Why would she do that?"

He brushes my damp hair from my eyes and lets his hand linger on my cheek. "To get to you. It was like I was there but I wasn't, you know."

"Do you remember everything that happened?" I ask.

He nods, his eyes never leaving mine. "I'm sorry. You know that wasn't me, right?"

"I know." I nuzzle my cheek into his hand. "It kind of reminded me of when we first met and you were still brainwashed by your father. That's how Aislin figured out what was going on."

"I'm so sorry," he apologizes again.

"You don't need to apologize." My voice exudes sincerity. "I know it wasn't you. It was the Lost Soul."

His fingers explore my cheekbone, my jawline, the back my neck. "Laylen said Dyvinius took your Foreseer power."

"He discovered my plan to save my dad," I say, nodding. "Nalina served me poisoned tea that allowed Dyvinius to get inside my head. And Nicholas has a Serpent mark on his back that helped them capture me.

Alex face distorts with puzzlement. "Why'd Dyvinius have to poison you? Why didn't he read a vision or change one?"

"Because then he'd be tampering with visions. And then he'd be guilty of the same thing my father did." I pause, a question tickling at my lips. "Why was Stasha at the castle?"

"I didn't invite her there," he grimaces, his fingertips molding along my shoulder blades. "She showed up on her own, but..."

"But what," I press.

"But I'm pretty sure she knew I was possessed by a Lost Soul."

"If she does, then it's bad. That means she might be helping Helena. And a girl full of death, helping a Banshee who rules over Lost Souls and The Afterlife can't be a good combination."

"I won't let her hurt you," he growls, digging into my skin as if he never wants to let me go. "If she tries to use her death on you I'll cut off her hands."

"First of all, that's gross." My tone is light, but my stomach ties in knots. "And second of all, she can't kill me. Hurt me, yes. Kill me, no."

"I don't believe that part," he speaks softly. "You don't have the Mark of Immortality. You have to be able to die."

"The Queen didn't say I was Immortal." Needing to touch him, I interlace our fingers, the contact bringing some comfort. "So I think there could be a way for me to die, like from old age or something. But I am immune to strangulation." I pause, fear overwhelming me. "And Alex, she said you can die now. So you have to be careful.

"I'm always careful," he jokes like it's no big deal.

"Promise me." My words press firm. "You won't do anything reckless."

"Okay, I will," he promises. "And when we get out of here, we'll do everything we can to fix this. If you're no longer a Protected One, Helena won't want you."

I bite my lip, wanting to believe him. "Alex, I'm not sure if this problem is going to be an easy fix." I motion my hand at our cell. "Look where we are."

He dips his head in, his voice husky. "I made a promise that I'd always save you and I will." Then he kisses me. My fingers curl through his hair and I let myself pretend we're back at the castle, in his bed, with our bodies pressed together.

"Aw, to be young and in love." Lucinda stands in the doorway, watching us intently.

"Aw, to be a creepy faerie watching people make out," Alex says derisively, hiding me behind him.

Her lips snarl. "Saying things like that are going to get you killed."

"You already plan on doing that anyway." Alex stands, fists tightened. "So why should I care?"

"What are you doing?" I hiss, grasping onto his damp sleeve.

He squeezes my hand, hinting he has a plan. "We can do, or say anything that we want, and you'll still torture us regardless."

"You mortals think you're so clever." She prowls for us, her bony feet padding against the cement floor. "You think you have life all figured out, but I'll let you in on a little secret amongst the dead. Death always wins, that's why people fear it so much. No matter what you do, you can't outrun it forever."

My palm sweats against Alex's. "You don't think we get that?"

She laughs, tipping her head back and shaking it. There's a gut-crushing silence as she catches her breath. Her pale lips part, but Alex interrupts.

"We may fear death." Alex voice is steady. "But you fear life, or too much of it anyway. How does your story go again? Once the Queen of Immortality, who chose to be mortal because she fell in love, only to have her heart broken. Alone, and fearing life and death, she begged her mother to take her back and let her be the Queen of Immortality again. Instead, she ended up in this God awful place." He signals around us.

The Queen's ghostly skin scorches. "Tell me how you know that story!" Every part of her radiates fear as she clutches Alex's neck. "Who told you this?!"

Alex struggles to breath. "Wouldn't you like to know?" He chokes, his legs dangling, his skin tinting blue.

I charge at Lucinda, my fist flaring, but she flicks me away like a fly. "You must be really stupid." Her lips tremor. "Bringing up secrets of the Queen of The Underworld like that."

"No, you are," Alex chokes, diving his nails into the backs of her hands.

The Queen snickers, her veins bulging beneath her skin. "How dare you insult me?! ME!"

A herd of Water Faeries burst inside the cell, hundreds of white ribbon bodies floating around, searching for something. Some of them look strange, their facial features almost humanlike. But their bodies are still bone and wisps.

Panicking, I leap to my feet, prepared to do whatever it takes to free Alex. But the fey don't advance at Alex or me. Their hungry eyes lock on Lucinda.

"Get them!" Her fingernails puncture Alex's neck, sending a line of blood down the front of his shirt. "Get them now!"

"Get her!" They repeat in a frenzy.

But instead of attacking Alex and me, the Water Fey target Lucinda. Her shoulders stoop over and her gaze fleets to the doorway. "You're all dead after this!" She drops Alex and bolts out the door, her dress dusting a path on the floor. The Water Faeries chase her with eagerness in their quick movements. In bundles of death and bone, they soar down a tunnel, pursuing Lucinda's terrified shouts that ricochet through The Underworld.

"Run!" Alex grips my hand and we sprint down the tunnel in the opposite direction of the fey and the Queen. They are brutal, and I'm guessing they won't hold back, even for Lucinda. I don't look back. I've seen Water Fey torture before and I don't care to see it again.

Our shoes thump against the mud and water rivering from the ceiling to the floor. The prisoners scream for help as we pass the line of cells and torture chambers. There is nothing we can do though. They were put in The Underworld because they committed horrible crimes. So we leave them behind to be tormented by the Water Faeries.

The tunnel forks and we veer to the right toward Lucinda's chambers. Twisting and turning around corners, we descend further into the ground beneath the lake. The air grows quiet and damp.

"Alex." I pant. "Please tell me why they did that... why did they chase her down?"

We verge around another bend and an archway ascends into view. We speed up, smacking away vines dangling from the ceiling.

His hand tightens around mine. "Lucinda was terrified that I knew about her past. That's the one bad thing about being evil." Our legs hammer down the stairs and we dash for the throne. "You can't trust anyone, including your own." He slips his hand from mine and flings himself onto the back of the throne.

I follow, springing to my toes and shoving upward. My fingers and feet brace against the lips of rock. Alex ascents up the back and I match his moves, carefully maneuvering to the top. There is a secret escape route hidden in the ceiling. It's not the first time we've had to use the exit. And I have a feeling it won't be our last.

Alex hoists himself into the hole, his body and legs vanishing into the dark. He reaches down, catches my hands, and lifts me up like I weigh nothing. Darkness capes our bodies. I grasp his arm and let him lead me into the dark.

"Sorry," he apologizes when he crashes into the wall.

I find myself wishing Laylen and his night vision was with us.

Finally, we emerge out the end and into the light flowing in through cracks in the wall. A waterfall rumbles, the cliff sloping to the violent water below. The white water swirls, creating a funnel that sucks toward the bottom.

"We did it once." Alex envelops his arms around my middle and presses his hands against the small of my back. "We can do it again, right?"

I drape my arms around his neck, pulling against him, trusting him completely. He inches us to the ledge. For a split second, the chill overtakes me again. I consider running back to the cell-back to the Queen and her fey. But I shake my head and the thought drifts away.

Inhaling, Alex launches up and dives us off the cliff. Entangled together, we plunge into violent water. Oxygen is ripped from my lungs. I force myself not to gasp as Alex swims down, towing me with him. I hold onto him like my life depends on it, knowing if I slip from his grasp, I'll be lost to drown in the water. He paddles with one arm, gripping me with the other. His powerful legs carry us upward. We burst through the surface, winded and breathing in the air. Water trickles off our skin as we float for the shore.

I spit a mouthful of water out and catch my breath. "Aren't you worried they'll come after us?"

"They'll be busy with her for a while," he says light-heartedly. "The Queen who feeds off fear is full of the emotion herself." He paddles us toward the shoreline.

"Will they kill her?"

"You know they like to torture, not kill. I'm sure she'll survive." He kicks his legs and draws me closer. "You aren't worried about her, are you?"

Part of me is and it's strange and unsettling. But I press the thought into the back of my mind.

My legs are enclosed around his waist, my arms around his neck. I watch his face as he swims us to shore. Life has returned in his eyes, but Nicholas' words replay. Who knows how long he'll stay like this before another Lost Soul shows up. I need to find a way to protect him.

"I love you," I whisper, feeling like I don't say it enough. In fact, I know I don't, because the three small words carry more emotion than anything else in the world.

His feet contact the bottom. "I love you too." He strides forward, his lips pinned together, his brows set at a slant. "As much as I love hearing you say that, it seems like there's something else you need to tell me."

I untangle my legs and arms and wade to the shore. I collapse in the damp dirt, completely exhausted. Alex flops down on his back and drapes an arm over his face. Dirt plasters our wet clothes and hair and little beads of water sparkle across our skin.

"You can be possessed again," I tell him, gazing up at the grey sky. "By a Lost Soul."

His expression is impassive. "I know I can."

I turn my head to him, the coarse dirt scratching at my cheek. "How did you find that out?"

"While the Lost Soul was inside me," he explains, lifting his arm away from his face. "I got a direct link to his thoughts."

"Is that a good thing or a bad thing?"

"Both, I guess. I mean, I saw some horrible things." He winces. "But I also learned a little bit about how a Lost Soul's mind works. They're almost like puppets. In fact, Helena sometimes speaks directly through them."

I shiver from nerves and from the cold air arriving with nightfall. "Did you ever talk to Helena directly? Through your thoughts?"

He shuts his eyes and folds his arms. "I did once."

I place a hand on his arm. "Did you learn anything important?"

"Yeah, that no matter what we can't let her get a hold of you." He opens his eyes, which are sheen with water. "If we do, then the whole world's as good as dead."

Chapter 14

It takes until the sun is behind the mountain before I locate my voice. "Why is it that I'm always associated with the end of the world?"

"I didn't say end of the world." He helps me to my feet and nervously scratches at his neck. "I said the world's as good as dead. All the human population would be possessed by The Lost Souls if she got your soul."

"She can't get my soul unless I give it to her, which isn't going to happen." It feels like he's hiding something from me. "And are there that many Lost Souls that it would be a problem?"

He plucks a leaf out of his hair, avoiding my gaze. "Not right now, but she's working on a way to get enough."

"Just like Stephan and his Death Walkers," I eye him over. "Are you sure you're telling me everything?"

He nods, staring at the horizon. "I told you I would from now on."

Water Faeries dance at the surface of the lake, white wisps of fabric and bone. "Looks like they let Lucinda go."

He glimpses at the water. "No more going near the lake, understand?"

I nod, but my mind utters: You belong there now.

Linking hands, we trudge over the grassy hill as the sun resorts behind the mountains. By the time we make it to the front porch it's nightfall. The porch light is neon against the dark and moths cluster around the door and steps.

He shoos the moths away and chips dried flakes of dirt off his shirt. We enter the foyer of the castle and he blocks out the starry sky, shutting the door behind us. We're only a few steps away from the staircase when Aislin comes barreling in. Tears streak her cheeks. She hugs me and before I can respond with an awkward hug back, she's throwing her arms around Alex.

"Damn it," she curses through her sobs. "Is there ever going to be a time where you two aren't walking the line between life and death?"

Alex pats his sister's back. "You worry too much, you know that? We were fine-we are fine. I had everything under control the entire time."

I raise my eyebrows, questioningly, and mouth, really?

He shrugs, like what are you gonna do?

"I told you it was a stupid idea," Laylen whispers over my shoulder. "And I was right."

"I know you did." I sigh and turn to him. There are bags under his blue eyes. "You were right. I probably should have never done it. But it worked, didn't it? So I guess it's okay."

"It's never okay for you to risk your life like that." Laylen glances at Alex. "And how long is he going to stay like that? How long before you have to do it again to get another Lost Soul out of him?"

"I don't know," I say, overcome by fatigue. All I want to do is drag my butt to my room, take a shower, and fall into bed. "Thank you for trying to save me, though."

"I promised I would," he says. "I just didn't anticipate the faeries."

"Neither did I." I wonder how much power the fey hold. During the momentary apocalypse, when I'd altered the vision, fey seemed like the weaker breed amongst the paranormal. But now, I am beginning to wonder if my first impression was incorrect.

***

Alex and I give them a quick recap of everything we learned while in The Underworld. Well, Alex does. I'm defeated by exhaustion and somehow I fall asleep on the bottom step of the staircase. I wake up in Alex's arms.

"Where am I?" I ask with sleep disorientation.

He cuddles me against his chest as he carries me up the stairs and to my room. He gently sets me down on the bed. "You fell asleep on the stairs." He places his hand on my forehead, like he's checking for a fever. "You had a long day. Are you feeling okay?"

I sit up, examining his eyes. "How are you feeling?"

"I feel like myself." He stretches and yawns. "I'm a little tired, though."

"Me too." I chip a chunk of mud off my arm. "I think I'm going to take a shower and go to bed."

"You want some company?" He teases with an arch of his eyebrow.

I laugh, shaking my head. But a part of me actually considers it and doesn't want to leave him ever again. "I think I'll be okay by myself for five minutes, but thanks."

He shrugs and assists me to my feet.

"Are you sleeping in here, tonight?" I ask, optimistic.

His lips span to a naughty grin. "Are you asking me to go to bed with you?"

"You're really on one tonight," I say and throw my arms around his neck. "I really missed you... even though you're kind of a pervert."

He kisses my cheek. "I think you secretly like it."

I roll my eyes, confiscate some pajamas from the dresser, and head to the bathroom. "You're coming back, right?"

"Of course," he says and leaves my room, closing the door.

I take a shower, scrubbing the mud and today's memories away. I get dressed and run a comb through my tangled brown hair. I wipe the fog from the mirror and note the dark circles under my violet eyes. I trace my finger along them and down to my mouth where there's a tiny cut across my bottom lip. I lean forward, studying it. Blood drips from my nose.

"What the?" I wipe the blood away, but it continues to dribble out. My ears ring. I clutch my head and grab a ball of tissue, pressing it to my nose. My heart pounds and I think I'm going to pass out. But as quickly as it starts, the blood stops, my ears silence and my head is clearer than it's been in days.

I toss the ball of tissue into the garbage and open the door, steam funneling out with me. Alex is in my bed, dressed in black pajama bottoms, lying on his stomach. I crawl into bed and run my fingers through his damp hair. I want to talk to him more, but he's breathing peacefully in dreamland. I lie on my back and play with his hair until my eyelids become too heavy.

***

"It's not about winning," Helena says. She's perched in her throne, twisted with thorns, the blood red podium pooled beneath it. She added chains to her dungeon wall and her thin lips have plumped out. In fact all of her has changed a little. She looks less old, although her skin is wrinkled. But her gray hair now has streaks of honey.

"With you it's always about winning." Annabella sighs, collects the train of her dress, and moves beside her sister.

Helena saunters over to a pool of clear liquid shimmering on the wall. "What's the matter, Annabella? Afraid I'm looking younger than you." She admires her reflection in the liquid.

Annabella's red lips purse and her silver eyes narrow at her sister. "It's not youth that will make you more powerful. You've always been so vain."

Helena's hollow eyes dart to Annabella. "You've always thought you were better than me; you and Lucinda because you represent the better part of life and death. You with your Essences and Lucinda with her Immortality." She tips back her head and laughs. "Now look at her. Trapped in a lake, reigning over a bunch of spineless faeries who don't respect her."

"Laugh all you want." Annabella's voice is cold. "But one day your Lost Souls may turn on you." Her heels click against the floor as she storms for the throne, back to her world of Essences.

"Annabella," Helena calls out. "Aren't you forgetting something?"

Annabella turns, her eyebrows knitting to her long nose. "I'm sorry, but I thought we were done here."

"Tsk, tsk, tsk." Helena waves her finger at Annabella. "Never turn your back on your family, Annabella."

Annabella laughs, her thin fingers curling into fists. "Is that a threat, Helena? Must I remind you who mother left in charge?"

Helena ambles up to Annabella, like a cat eyeing a mouse. "Mother always did like you best, didn't she? Too bad she's not around to see this-she'd be so proud of me. I'm more powerful than she ever thought I would be. I have a human connection now, in the Human World. Did you know that? And soon I'll be able to be there myself."

Before Annabella can react, Helena grips her by the throat and raises her from the floor. Annabella's feet dangle as she struggles to breathe. "Helena," she gasps. "Please don't do this."

"It's not fun being the weaker one, is it?" Her eyes blacken. "And when I'm done with you, I'll be even more powerful." Her mouth opens up and she sucks in a breath. Annabella's skin pales as Helena shoves her into her throat, like she did to me once.

After she eats her sister, she smears her lips with the back of her hand, looking satisfied. "Now onto the Essences." With that, she marches for the rear of the throne, for Annabella's kingdom full of Essences.

"Come to me," she whispers. "All of you give me your life."

***

I wake up shivering and clutching the blanket. I feel for Alex, seeking his comfort. My hand lands in something warm and wet. The room is dark and I fumble for the lamp. I click it on and gasp at the blood soaking my hand. My fingers tremble as I stare at the empty space beside me. Alex is gone, and there's a large pool of blood in his place. The red liquid streaks down the side of the bed and to the floor. I throw on a jacket and track the trail out of my bedroom and down the stairs. The front door is dripping with blood and a bloody handprint streaks the glass. My heart leaps into my throat as I open the door. Alex's car is missing from the driveway.

He's gone and I know where he went-to the field, to Helena. I sense it in my heart, through Alex, through our undying connection. He's in pain, hurting, and I feel every part of it. I spin for the stairs to wake Aislin and Laylen. But my legs give out and I crash to the floor. Using my weak arms, I try to heave back up. But my elbows buckle. I cough up a large puddle of blood.

"Laylen..." My voice fades as I slip into unconsciousness.

Chapter 15

"It's starting again, isn't it?" Alex and I are lying on a blanket underneath the night sky. The warm air is like summer sand. But I snuggle up against him, pretending I'm cold, craving his closeness.

"We'll be fine." He stares at the stars, one arm supporting his head, the other playing with my hair. "It's not like last time. We have each other now."

"I know." I pause. "But what if we don't? What if we lose each other somehow?"

He rolls to his side, his head relaxed in his hand, his eyes intense even through the night. "That's not possible. Remember you and me forever."

"Forever," I whisper, breathless. "But how long can forever be if we're not with each other? What if Helena gets one of us? What if she takes one of our souls?"

He bites on his bottom lip, eyes glazing with contemplation. He shifts on his hip and reaches into his pocket. "Then we'll have to make sure we save each other." He slides out his pocket knife.

"A Blood Promise between us can't keep Helena from stealing our souls." I frown at the knife.

He kneels up and switches the knife open. "I'm not saying that we'll promise that. I'm saying we'll promise that, no matter what, we'll save each other. Whether we're brainwashed, locked up to a life-sucking crystal ball, or passed out in a cabin in the middle of the mountains." The corners of his lips quirk. "Which you know are all possible. We'll promise to find and save our other half."

I pin my lips together. "I'd do that anyway, even without the Blood Promise."

"I know you would," he says with sureness. "But this helps against outside forces."

I consider it, but only briefly. I rise onto my knees, kneeling in front of him. "Alright, I'm in."

His eyes never waver as he gently takes my hand and puts the blade to my palm. With a quick motion, he slices my skin. Releasing my hand for a second, he cuts his palm then returns our hands together, mixing our blood and our bond. He caresses his lips with mine, quickly kissing me.

"Spondeo non materia quod," he whispers with a sliver of space between our lips. "Ego semper sit custos e potestate vel non. Ut haud res quis venio, ego te semper invenies."

Before I can repeat his words, he touches his lips to mine. He coaxes my lips apart and slips his tongue inside my mouth. Distracted, I release our hands and twine my fingers through his hair. A moan escapes his lips, wanting me, needing me. It reminds me that he needs to be saved too.

I pull back, panting. "No one-sided promises." I untangle my injured hand from his hair, hold it up, and wait. His jaw tightens as our hands link. "Now, what do I say?"

"Spondeo non materia quod," he speaks through gritted teeth. "Ego semper sit custos e potestate vel non. Ut haud res quis venio, ego te semper invenies."

I repeat his words carefully. When I finish, our hands slide apart. Blood filters down our wrists and forearms. "No matter what, we're in this together," I say. "Helena can't win against us both."

He stares at me, eyes skimming the lines of my lips. Without answering, he tilts his head to kiss me.

I place my hand on his chest and hold him back. "Alex, promise we're in this together."

"Alright, I promise." He licks his lips as he eyes mine.

"But do his promises really mean anything if they're not sealed by blood?" Stasha interrupts us. She flips her blond hair from her shoulder and grins. "I know he promised me multiple times we'd be together forever, but without the Blood Promise, he's not obligated to hold out his end of the deal."

Alex's muscles tense as he sits up. "It's not an obligation, Stasha. I want to be with her. Unlike you."

"Aw, sweetie." She kneels down in front of him, running her fingers through his hair.

I want to rip her death hands off. I want to wring her neck. But all I can do is lay motionless on the ground, trapped by an invisible force.

"Come with me," she whispers. "I can save you."

Alex glances at me, waiting for my response-a plea for him to stay. I twitch my lips, trying to force them apart, but they're bound together.

Stasha helps him to his feet and sets her glove-covered hand in his. "Good boy." She leads him away.

Alex looks over his shoulder, sadness in his eyes. "I'll protect you forever. No matter what it takes."

A white circle of light reveals in front of them. I inch my hand up as they dip their feet in. "Wait!" My lips break apart and my limbs are freed. But it's too late. They've vanished into the light, leaving me alone with only the stars.

Just like my life used to be.

***

"Alex..." I wake up with my cheek pressed against the velvet couch cushion and the vexed voices of Laylen and Aislin.

"No, it doesn't mean that," Aislin snaps. "We can't assume anything until we know for sure."

"Aislin, you saw exactly what I saw." Laylen's voice is quiet. "The blood... it was everywhere."

"He's not dead," Aislin breathes, sobs interlacing her voice. "He's fine. Helena wouldn't kill him-she needs him to much."

"You know as well as I do that in order to go to The Afterlife, you have to be dead," Laylen replies softly.

"That's not true." I sit up and lower my feet down until they touch the floor. My thigh muscles ache and my toes are coated with Alex's dried blood. Their eyes bore into me, waiting for an explanation. I stare at the red flakes on my pale skin. "I can go to The Afterlife whenever I want-I can't die. Well, I can, but I revive."

Laylen crouches in front of me. "Gemma, what happened? How did it... why is there blood everywhere?"

"It's Alex's." Lifting my chin, I meet his eyes. "I woke up and he was gone."

"You didn't see him leave, though?" Aislin sits on the coffee table. Her hair is pulled into a messy bun and she's wearing a pink hoodie. Her pinstriped pajamas pants are ringed with mud, along with her slippers.

I shake my head slowly. "Did you go outside?"

She exchanges a look with Laylen. "I went looking for Alex... out in the field." she tells me and I swallow hard. She puts her hands firmly on my shoulders. "Gemma, we need to know what happened."

My gut infests with knots. "I was having this dream... about Helena. She ate Annabella and then went after the Essences. When I woke up, Alex was gone. There was blood all over the bed and on the floor. I tracked it to the front door and then..." I inhale slowly, forcing the tears back. "And then I could feel pain. It was so bad that I passed out." I pause. "I think I was feeling Alex's pain."

"You think Helena was hurting him?" Her bottom lip quivers. "Is that why you had the dream about her? Was it a vision?"

I cup the back of my neck. "I don't have my power anymore... and it was weird anyway. Usually, I'm part of the vision or dream I'm having. But in this one I was just a silent observer." I pause. "Aislin, what happened in the field?"

Tears escape her eyes and she looks away. "His car was there. One second there's a blood trail leading to the center of the field and the next, it just ends. It's like he was sucked into the ground or something. But that's not possible..." More tears stream her pale cheeks. "I don't know what happened to him."

"I do." It feels like I've been hit by a truck, the wind knocked out of me, my legs paralyzed. "I think Helena took him to The Afterlife, just like she did in my dream. Although, if it did happen then it was more of an omen than anything."

Covering her face, Aislin sobs, "How do you know for sure? Everything you see doesn't happen the same way. Like when you went to The Afterlife. The dream and the real event were different-you weren't even in a coffin."

"You said it was like he was sucked into the ground." My voice sounds strangled, like an injured cat. "In the dream, that's how he went-with Helena and the willow tree by his side." I pause, pushing back my emotional breakdown. You have to keep it together.

Aislin's eyes are like two large emeralds, wide and glossy. "What do we do?"

I clear my emotions clumping my throat. "We go get him."

Laylen shifts to the coffee table, rubs Aislin's back consolingly, and narrows his eyes at me. "I know what you're thinking and the answer's no. I said no more dying."

"I have to." I return his glare. "Unless you can think of a different way to get someone out of The Afterlife."

Aislin leans her head against his shoulder. "Gemma, if you go down there, you're basically giving Helena what she wants-you. And if she's planning on using your soul to free her Lost Souls, then that can't happen."

"We don't know for sure if that's why she wants me," I say. "Lucinda made it sound like it was partially a pride thing or something. That because I got away, she wants me-or my soul anyway."

"You're stretching the truth," Laylen calls me out. "And you know it. Helena wants you for more than that."

"I..." I can't deny it. Alex told me if Helena gets me, the world's as good as dead.

"You're not going to die." Laylen's tone spears like knives. "I let you try it once and I'm not going to do it again. If I have to lock you up in your room and throw away the key, you'll do what I say."

Aislin and I gape at him, thinking the same thing.

"What's the matter with you?" she questions. "You're starting to sound a lot like..." Her gaze flits to me.

"Alex," I finish for her and point an accusing finger at Laylen. "Have you two been making Blood Promises again?"

"No, the only thing going on here is that I don't think it's a good idea for you to go wandering around in The Afterlife," he insists with a firm look. "It's like a mouse throwing themself into a snake pit. And after the dream you saw, Annabella might not be around to save you again."

"That was just a dream," I contend. "I don't really think Helena ate Annabella. Why would she? And why would she go after the Essences?"

"Why does an evil Queen do anything?" Laylen asks. "For power. She's up to something and you know it."

"My dreams don't mean anything anymore," I respond hollowly, aware of the missing mark on my neck. "They're just dreams."

"You know what I think." Laylen takes my hands in his and he looks me straight in the eye. "I think that your dreams will always be more than just dreams. I think you're more powerful than even the Foreseers realize and just taking away your mark isn't going to stop you. I mean, think about it. Even before you found out you were a Foreseer, you were having realistic dreams." He stops, waiting for my response.

"So let's say you're right." I sigh. "And all my dreams have meanings. How is that going to help us save Alex?"

"Think about what you've seen." He lets go of my hands and bites at his lip ring. "Maybe there's a clue hidden in one of them."

I rewind through my dreams. "Helena was looking younger and she wanted the Essences for some reason or another. She ate Annabella and kept rambling about her connection to the world."

"That could be Alex." Aislin smears the tears away with the sleeve of her jacket. "Maybe she was the one possessing him."

"No, Alex told me he could sometimes hear Helena when he was possessed, but that she wasn't the one possessing him," I say. "But Helena did say it was a human connection. Still, we don't even know if any of this has happened yet. It could be something in the future."

We mull it over. The clock ticks, the wind gusts, and the night swallows the outside. The more time drifts by, the more panicked I become. Alex may be trapped in The Afterlife, with Helena, for God knows what reasons.

"What about Stasha?" Aislin speaks as if she's terrified. "Didn't you see something with her?"

I frown, dispirited. "Yeah, and she was here for whatever reason... Alex thought she might know something about The Lost Soul possessing him. But he never did explain the details, though. He just said he had a suspicion Stasha showed up because she knew he was possessed."

A moment passes. I dread what everyone's thinking.

"Gemma, I hate to say this-" Aislin starts.

I hold up my hand, cutting her off. "I already know what you're going to say." I sigh tiredly. "And I think you're right. We should go talk to her and see what she's up to."

"And since you're immune to death, you should be safe," Aislin attempts to joke, but her voice is a high-pitched squeal.

Laylen offers a small smile. "Yeah, and maybe if we're really lucky, she won't just give out the information. Perhaps we might have to torture it out of her."

They're trying to make me feel better, and I love them for that. But it can't erase the dream I had; Stasha stealing Alex from me and saying she can save him.

"So I guess it's to Stasha's," I say and they agree. We depart for the front door. I grab Laylen's sleeve and lug him back to me. "But if this doesn't work, I'm moving to plan B."

Before he can protest, I free his sleeve and hurry by him. Aislin hooks her purse on her shoulder and opens the front door, allowing in the icy night air.

"Gemma, maybe you should grab a jacket," Aislin says, holding the door open.

I nod, retreating to the stairway. Abruptly, the entire castle's power fails. Darkness encases us, except for the gray emanating in from the door.

"The breaker must have gone out again," Laylen says with a heavy sigh. He flicks on the lighter he carries in his pocket. "I'll go flip it back on."

Aislin opens the door wider. "I don't-" The door slams shut with such force it rattles the house windows. "What the heck is that?!" Aislin shouts, yanking on the doorknob.

The lighter shoots from Laylen's hand and he hits the floor hard. "Son of a... what is that?"

"Did you trip ov-" Footsteps barrel between my legs. I skitter to the side. They whirl around and sink their teeth into my knee.

"Aislin!" I shout, grasping my knee. "Did you ever get rid of the sprites in the closet?"

Her silence says everything. "Umm... I meant to but I-damn it! Would you cut that out?"

Thwack. Something breezes by my head. I duck for cover, ramming my chin into the stone floor.

"Gemma?" Aislin whispers. "Where are you?"

I scan the dark for her. "On the floor. Where are you? And where's Laylen?"

"I'm by the door." Sparks formulate in her hand. "Hold on, let me see if I can get some light... I don't know where Laylen is."

Cold fingers cloak my ankle.

"Laylen is that you?" I ask with false hope. "Umm... Aislin, do sprites have long fingers? I remember them being short and nubby."

"They're pretty small." Gold illuminates from her skin, lighting up her face and the foyer. "Why?"

I gape at the hand enclosing my ankle. The fingers are longer and bonier than a human's. The pale skin is scaly and dry like desert sand. When my eyes meet theirs, I gulp.

A Water Faerie? On land? Water Faeries aren't supposed to surface on land. Yet, here was one is clutching my leg, a dried body sprawled on the stairway. Without hesitation, I slam the heel of my shoe into its nose. The bone crunches, but the faerie keeps coming at me. Its hands move up my leg like a tight rope.

"Aislin!" I yell, clawing at the floor. Aislin stands in the middle of an angry mob of sprites, chanting spells and blasting magic. A ring of fire glitters around her feet, but the sprites use their tiny wings to dive over, taking bites at her hair and face. She swats away one after another.

The Water Faerie's nails rip my leg apart. I kick harder and pop its jaw out of place. It gnaws on its tongue, trying to realign its jaw. Taking advantage of the distraction, I rotate on my back and bring my free leg down on top of its skull. It wails, crying its pain into the night. It's not a Water Faerie, but a really hideous Banshee in hag form.

"Aislin!" I scream. "How do you kill a Banshee?!"

"You don't!" Aislin drop kicks a sprite across the room. "They're already dead!"

Nails sink into my other leg and blood gushes out. "Then how do you stop them?!"

"You give them your soul!" Aislin shouts, leaping over the sprites. "I don't know how to-"

Four sprites take her down. She lands flat on her face, splitting her lip. "Why you little-" They pile on her like a mosh pit. She yells frantically, arms and legs flailing. I hammer my shoe against the Banshee's face repeatedly. But the Banshee is as tough as nails. It dives on me, its bony knee ramming my gut. I gasp for air as it restrains my shoulders against the ground. Tresses of its frail white hair hang in its smoky eyes. It smiles, thin lips parting and cranking out a deathly wail. My hand seeks to shield my ears and block out the premonition of death.

Suddenly, a sprite soars into the Banshee. Its eyes bobble around and it snarls. Another sprite zips into it and giggles as the Banshee crumples to the floor. The pack of sprites leaves Aislin, their tiny feet pitter-pattering as they march for the Banshee. The Banshee snarls as the sprites pile on it. I crawl away, confused-I thought they were part of the same team, both being descendants of the fey bloodline.

I make it to Aislin, panting. "We need to get out of here!"

Sweat beads her forehead and golden sparks sprinkle from her hand. "I know, but we have to find Laylen first."

"Laylen!" I'm on my feet and running across the foyer to the stairs to spot where I heard Laylen fall. The sprites and Banshee roll at the foot of the stairway, punching, hitting, and biting each other. The Banshee is covered in blood and reality smacks me in the face; despite the sprites miniature size they can still do a lot of damage.

"I'll check upstairs," I call out to Aislin, preparing to jump over the fight. "You check downstairs. Maybe if we split up we can..." I trail off as the magical light dissipates. "Aislin?" I spin in a circle, scanning the floor. "Aislin?" My voice is vigilant. "Where are you?"

A sprite giggles by my ear. "I see you," he taunts. "You better watch out!"

I swat it and smile when I hear it drop to the floor. But the celebration is short lived as the rest of the sprites take me down, biting my skin over and over again. I scream and they laugh excitedly. A huff of toxic smoke inhales my lungs.

"Sleepy, sleep," One of them laughs.

I struggle to stay conscious. But the smoke takes over my body, slows down my circulation, my breathing. With one last breath, I black out.

Chapter 16

"I did something bad." There's an ache in Alex's voice. "Something I wish I could take back, but I can't."

I glance behind me, searching through the light. "Where are you? I can't see a thing."

"You shouldn't see me right now," he murmurs. "It wouldn't help how hard this is for me."

"What are you talking about?" I ask. "And what is this exactly? It doesn't feel like a dream or a vision, but it doesn't feel real either."

"It's you and I, Gemma. It's always you and me. Forever." He speaks in riddles. "And what I did-you have to understand, okay? You have to forgive me. Please, just forgive me."

I turn in a circle. "Alex, you're freaking me out. What did you do?"

He appears in front of me with agony in his bright eyes and longing in his lips. "I messed this up. Really, really bad. But I didn't mean to." He rakes his fingers through his hair. "It was such a long time ago, I forgot it ever happened."

I take his hands, and stroke my thumb across the star on his wrist. "What is it?"

He swallows hard and his lips move for mine. I think he's going to kiss me, but his mouth veers for my ear. "I ruined it," he whispers in dismay.

I glide my hands up his strong arms and rest them on his shoulder. "Tell me what you did and maybe I can fix it."

He pauses, his breathing faltering. "Our promise. I broke it."

***

My eyes slowly open. I feel dead inside. I tell myself it was just a dream and nothing more. But the cracks in my heart are as real as what is in front of my eyes. Bars coil around, securing me inside an iron-rod cage, which is hooked to a tree branch. Leafy vines, dotted with pink flowers, interweave the bars. Below the cage is a small village thick with colorful flowers, green leaves and trees, and grassy forts.

The Kingdom of Fey.

I roll onto my stomach, the cage rocking. On my hands and knees, I freeze, stabilizing my weight as I scan the ground. Sprites glitter the forest. Short, fat, winged, teethed-they remind me of gremlins.

"Gemma," someone hisses.

I glance over my shoulder. Vines and flowers sway from the branch. I peer through the leaves, wondering if a sprite is lurking in the greenery.

"Look above you," they whisper.

My head tilts up to a cage suspending from a thick branch. A hand sticks out, the fingernails painted a bright shade of pink. "Aislin?"

The hand waves. "Yeah, it's me. Are you okay?"

I check my arms and legs over. "I've got bites all over me, but other than that, I'm good. What about you?"

"I have bites too." A pause as her hair slips through the cracks between the cage bars. "I knew they were mean, but not that mean. I thought they were going to kill us."

"I know," I mutter. Placing my hands on the bars, I pull up. The cage totters and I plant a foot and hand on each side, steadying it. "Aislin, where's Laylen?"

Her cage swings in a circular motion. "I don't know, Gemma. I didn't even see him when the sprites took us down."

I sift through my memories. "The lights went out, Laylen hit the floor, and then that gross Banshee showed up. After that, he was gone. Do you... do you think the Banshee took him?"

"The sprites killed the Banshee I think." She pauses. "Gemma, why was the Banshee there? And why did it look so weird? They usually look more human than that."

"Didn't it come out of the realm in the closet?" I crane my neck to get a better view of what's going on below. The sprites are busy causing mischief, pinching, kicking, and tormenting each other.

"Banshee's are fey, but they don't come from the Faerie Realm," Aislin replies. "It came from somewhere else."

"It wailed at me." My palms sweat against the iron bars. "That could mean there's a death in my future."

"You'll be okay," Aislin comforts. "We'll all be okay."

"Aislin, I hate to point this out, but it's really, really bad that you're here, especially if Luna knows you are."

"I know," she concurs. "Now hold on. We're getting out of here."

"What?" I gape at the bottom of her cage.

Her hand sneaks to the lock. Black and silver streaks glimmer in her palm. "Hoc redimio quod solvo mihi." The sparks heat the lock. Metal droplets rain into my cage. I dodge out of the way and the cage swerves sharply, jolting up from the bottom and dumping me into the bars. I bang my head and blink wildly as I slide back to the floor.

"Sorry," Aislin apologizes. "Hold on, I'm climbing down." She mutters under her breath. With a poof, she materializes in front of the cage. "Whoops, I was aiming for inside the cage." Securing her hands on the branch, her feet glide over the edge. The cage gripes, slanting forward, and I'm flung against the door. Her hands blunder, but she hitches the cage. We're face-to-face, the bars fenced between us.

"Phew." She clings to the bars. "That was close."

I nod, my eyes wide. "How do we get out now?"

Her eyes journey up, down, and to the side of the cage. Carefully, she inches from in front of the door. Her palm hovers over the heavy lock. "Hoc redimio quod solvo mihi." Silver and black rays energize from her hand, dissolving the lock to a river of liquid. She opens the door and the cage almost dumps us to the ground. Luckily, I grab the bars and climb out. After a struggle, we make it to the branch overhead, breathless, leaves and dirt flaking our hair.

"You know, I think you're right." Aislin wipes the sweat from her forehead. "I never realized how useful your Foreseer power was-you control it so much better than my teleportation."

I snort a laugh. "Not quite. In fact, I can't even count the number of times I've dropped myself and someone else into a random place." Our feet dangle over the side of the branch where the sprites continue to torture each other, oblivious to our freedom. "So, what's the plan?"

"We can't teleport out of here-we learned that during our last visit." She collects her hair and twists it in a knotted bun, securing it with a bobby pin. "But there's got to be a way to bail without having to trek through the forest."

I pluck bits and pieces of leaves out of my hair and then comb the dirt out with my fingers. "What about Laylen? Should we make sure he isn't here before we bail? And what about Aleesa?"

"It's going to take forever to figure out if Laylen is here," she remarks, her eyes skimming the ground. "We need a better way to find him besides searching and to find where Aleesa is."

"You can't do a Tracker Spell from here?" I question.

She shakes her head, considering. "I don't have the stuff and there's a slim to none chance the spell would work inside the Faerie Realm."

"So what do we do then?" I ask.

She sighs. "I'm not sure."

"How about nothing." A voice answers.

The nearness of it surprises us. We shoot around pulling our legs up.

"Well, well, well," I say snidely, before he can. "Look what the cat dragged in."

Nicholas grins, his golden eyes mirroring in the sunlight. One hand is grasping the branch above his head, the other slack at his side. There's something about the way he looks at us that sends an unnerving shiver through my body.

"I'd watch how you speak to me here." He rolls his tongue across his lips.

"Why? The Fey here hate you," I call his bluff.

"Gemma," Aislin warns, her eyes fastened on Nicholas. "Be careful. He has more power here."

Nicholas' grin expands. "They may hate me here, but I'm still fey and my blood is connected to the land. Unlike yours, Gemma Lucas, ex-star, ex-Foreseer, ex-everything really, since you lost your other half and all."

Rage burns. Without contemplation, I shove him, hoping he'll fall. He staggers slightly, but regains his steadiness.

His lip twitches. "I warned you." He snaps his fingers and the vines on the tree branch begin to slither, looping toward us. Aislin and I scamper in opposing directions. I hop to the nearest branch, the wood splitting as I scurry for the trunk. But before I reach it, the branch snaps completely. My legs fly out from underneath me. Plunging to the ground, my fingers desperately seek the limbs. My skin rips and my heart thuds as the ground closes in. I blink my eyes, wishing my foreseer power would return. But again, I can't sense my power.

A hand swoops down and fingers coil around my arm. I'm jolted to the side and flipped around. With my feet secure on a branch, Nicholas crushes me against the tree and pins my arms behind my back.

"I warned you," he breathes, enjoying himself. "But you never listen."

Every flicker of anger I've felt for the faerie swarms through me like bees. "What kind of person are you? I freed you from death-convinced Annabella to release your Essence-and this is how you repay me."

He slopes his head so it virtually touches mine. His voice is a deep rumble. "The only reason I was dead in the first place was because of you. If you would have just left me alone and found another way to change your vision, I would have never been in that car-I wouldn't have been in the accident."

"Okay..." He has me there. But I straighten my shoulders. "You know what? You're right. But I don't get it. Besides accidental stuff, I haven't done anything to you. And I thought the essence thing made up for what I did. But it's like you have this vendetta against me or something."

"That snake thing was out of my control," Nicholas whispers lowly. "The Foreseers made me do it."

My fury simmers to curiosity. "How did you get the mark on you?"

His eyes glow with fire. "They put it on me."

"Who did?" I inquire with interest. "The Foreseers? Because I thought the only person who could put marks on people is dead."

"Are you sure Stephan's dead?" Nicholas asks. I stop breathing. "Relax, I was just kidding. He's dead. The Death Walkers are dead. But now you have other people to worry about."

My eyes narrow. "What do you know?"

"Tsk, tsk." He clicks his tongue at me. "I never just divulge my secrets. There's always a price."

"What's the price this time?" I sigh. "A promise, an evil favor, my life?"

He places a hand over his heart. "It's your twisted sense of humor that makes me adore you, Gemma Lucas." He's being genuine and it's weird.

"What's the price?" I repeat.

He extends his hand. "You have to come with me. There's something I want to show you."

I elevate my eyebrows. "What about Aislin? And Laylen? Are you going to show me where they are?"

He points a finger upward. "Aislin's safe and sound in her cage. And when she wakes up, Luna will force her to use her magic to free her from this realm," he says and cuts me off when my lips part to argue. "That's something I can't help. Luna is an Empress, way more powerful than me. What I can help you with is understanding what you're getting yourself into with Helena."

"And what about Laylen?" I ask. "What does Luna want with him?"

His eyebrows incline. "Laylen's not here."

"Damn it," I curse, stomping my foot. "Where is he? I'd say the Banshee took him, but Aislin said she thinks the sprites killed the Banshee."

"Banshee's can't die. They're already dead," he says and shrugs. "And you know what? Laylen's not really my problem."

"And I am?" I ask. "Because I wonder sometimes if you've been leading my solutions to you all along."

He doesn't respond, capturing my hand in his. I withdraw back, but he only intensifies his grip. "You want the answers it will be on my terms. You, after all, are in my world."

Grimacing, I let him lead me down the tree. I fight not to squirm, my hand wanting to revolt from his. However, when we brink to the bottom and he places his hands on my h*ps to guide me down, I draw the line.

"I got it." Dodging around him, I leap to the ground. My shoelaces are untied and the humid air dews my legs. I walk next to Nicholas, past the sprites, who eye me with their beady little eyes.

"They won't hurt you," Nicholas assures me. "Not when you're with me."

I eye him suspiciously. "You say that, but it doesn't make sense to me. I mean, you've told me countless times that the fey don't like you because you're only half-fey."

He smiles, ducking through a curtain of vines and cerise flowers. "That's before I discovered who my grandmother is."

Oh dear Jesus. "Do I dare ask?"

"I think you already know." He sweeps his sandy hair out of his eyes.

"But she's so..." I trail off, kicking at the grass as we walk into the forest.

"Short?" He mocks me with a curve of his eyebrow. "Do you really think that's what she looks like?" He puts his lips next to my ear. "Fey have multiple identities."

I fix my gaze on him. "Do you have multiple identities? Or just multiple personalities?"

"There's that twisted sense of humor again." He pauses, but only to taunt me. "I'm only half-fey, remember? I barely possess any of their power."

I roll my eyes. "Yet, supposedly your grandmother's the Empress."

He slams to a halt, snagging the sleeve of my shirt. "Out of everyone in your little 'click'," he uses air quotes, "I'd think you'd be the most sympathetic to my situation. The outcast that no one wants-or wanted in your case because you were lucky."

"I-I'm..." I don't know what to say. I huff out a breath, blowing my hair from my face. "Look, I'm sorry, okay. But you do things sometimes that," I motion my hand between us, deliberating the right words, "drive me absolutely crazy."

He tugs at my hair and I flinch back. "What fun would it be if I didn't?"

I start through the trees again. "Can you please tell me what you know? Please?"

He moves like the wind, catching up with me. "You know Helena is related to Annabella? That they are sisters?"

"And that Lucinda is their sister as well," I say, nodding.

He bends a branch out of the path and I hurry through. "Yes, but do you know about their rivalry?"

I waver my hand. "Vaguely. I recently... paid a little visit to The Underworld where Lucinda revealed this little bit of info."

He creases his eyebrows. "You paid a visit?"

"Paid a visit-was forced against my will. It's all the same." I swivel around a blooming row of crimson tulips. "I don't know why you're surprised. Stuff like that and I go hand-in-hand."

"But they stole you," he says, watching me like a hawk. "Without the ash?"

"I never said there wasn't ash," I tell him, evading the truth because... well, because he's himself.

He clasps the hem of my shirt, guiding me closer to him. I start to pull away when a gigantic faerie with diamond wings and sapphire eyes bursts through the trees.

"Keep walking and look straight ahead," Nicholas directs.

I hold my breath and pick up the pace. The Fey's massive feet smash the dirt, flattening the leaves and flowers into the ground like pancakes. The movement vibrates on my skin and I run. Finally we push through the end of the forest, into an open area bordered by tall shrubbery. In the center, a stone water fountain dances water down into a pool. It's shaped like an angelic faerie, her head tipped down, thin wings ranging from her back.

"What was that thing?" I breathe as I stare back into the forest.

"It's a faerie." Nicholas shrugs. "I already told you we come in all different shapes and sizes."

I catch my breath and sit at the edge of the fountain. "So what was-is the three Queens rivalry about?"

He joins me at the fountain and swirls the water with his fingertips. "Love."

My jaw drops as I stutter for words. "H-huh?"

"What? You thought it was going to be something petty like power or world domination." He laughs half-heartedly. "Not this time, Gemma. Nope, this time it's about something deeper."

I scratch at the star on my wrist, thinking of Alex. "So how do I play a part in their love rivalry?"

"Because you are love," he says simply. "You and that Keeper with the stupid hair..." He taps his finger on his lips. "I forget his name."

I elbow him. "Alex and I don't represent love. We're just in love. That's all."

His eyes grow cold. "Yes, but your little soul thing makes you a powerful representation of love."

"But you just said it wasn't about power." I frown.

He shakes his head. "No, I said their rival with each other wasn't about power, but now they're all just pissed and want to take over the Human World. Or at least Helena does."

"Why the Human World? What did the humans ever do to them?"

"We stole their love," he says. "Or rather Alexander Avery did."

"Alex had nothing to do with this!" I shout. "He-he would have told me."

Nicholas rolls his eyes. "Not that Alex. God, do you really think someone like him could charm three very powerful faeries?"

I pull a disgusted face. "I sure hope not, especially Helena."

He stifles a smile. "It was his great, great, great-well, I don't know how many greats there are since it happened a heck of a long time ago. Nonetheless, it was his grandfather from a ridiculously long time ago."

"So Alex's grandfather stole their love?" I think of the story Alex told to Lucinda and wonder if he knew already. "From all three of the queens? How is that possible? He was a mortal man going up against immortal queens."

"Love is very powerful. You should know that." He jabs me playfully in the ribs with his elbow. "Besides, who says they didn't punish him?"

"Are you saying they did?"

"No one knows for sure. After he broke all their hearts, he vanished into thin air. But if I had to guess, one of them probably did something to him."

"Well, judging by Lucinda's reaction when Alex mentioned this story, I'm guessing it was her."

"It's funny Alex has the balls to bring up the story, since he's so much like his distant grandfather," Nicholas muses. "I mean to bind your love with three different faeries... it must really take a lot."

"Alex didn't bind his love to anyone but me," I say. "So they're nothing alike."

"You're right." He presses a smirk. "He only manipulated two people; a star and death girl. Well, manipulate might be a bit of an understatement."

I choke on the emotions bursting through my veins and slicing at my heart. "You're full of shit." I shove to my feet and march for the forest, not wanting to hear any more of his lies.

He darts in front of me. "You might want to hear me out before you go storming off."

I cross my arms and back away. "No. I don't want to hear any more lies. Alex didn't promise anything to Stasha. I know he didn't-wouldn't." But my dream echoes through my head: Our promise. I broke it.

He gives me a sympathetic pat. "It's really cute that you believe that, but you might want to see something, before you go all defensive for someone who doesn't deserve it."

I suck back the tears, refusing to show weakness. "You're lying and whatever you're going to show me, I know it's just more lies." I spin on my heels and stomp away.

"I can give you your Foreseer power back," he calls out. "And you can see it for yourself-Alex making the promise."

I freeze, not turning around. "How?"

"You're going to have to trust me," he says.

I laugh sharply. "Fat chance that'll happen."

"Then go. Go free your lover and live happily ever after in your delusional world built on lies."

I deliberate my options. Leave or go with him. I'm uncertain which one pulls me back; getting my Foreseer power back or the need to know that Alex is mine.

"Fine." Lowering my arms, I face him. "How do I get my power back?"

He smiles and offers his hand. "If you want your power back, you're going to have to come with me."

I sigh, knowing the decision will come back and bite me in the ass. I take his hand. He retrieves a small crystal ball from his pocket. Through the glass, water bubbles and lavender ribbons pirouette.

"They're bite-size now?" I touch the smooth glass of the crystal.

"Yep, the Foreseers are upgrading in the world." He clutches the crystal. "Hold on tight."

In a heartbeat, I'm gone, blowing in the wind like a helpless leaf heading to the unknown.

Chapter 17

We disembark in the middle of a field. Immediately, I jump away from him.

"A new trick of yours?" My shoes crunch the dry grass as I spin. Leafless trees soar to the clear blue sky and the lake waves the line of the sandy shore. "You brought me to the Keepers' castle?"

He holds up a finger and takes my hand. "We're not in current time, if that's what you're thinking." He steers me past the lake and into the forest. "We're in the past. A few years in the past actually."

I stumble over rocks and sticks. "Does this have to do with my Foreseer's mark or..."

"Or Alex cheating on you?" He swats low branches out of the way.

"He didn't cheat on me," I retort. "I knew he dated Stasha. And besides, it's was a long time ago."

"Yeah, but you didn't know he made a promise that connected his soul to hers."

I pin my lips together, inhaling through my nose. "He didn't do that-he wouldn't do that."

"I can tell you don't completely believe that," he says. "There's something in your voice, maybe sadness." He swerves us to the right of a pebbly hill, concealing us behind it. "Tell me Gemma. What have you seen?"

"Nothing." I look away at the trees, the wind blowing through my hair. I can't focus on anything else, besides my latest dream. Alex said he broke our promise. He went with Stasha. What if he was trying to tell me something? "Is it possible I still might be seeing visions even though my power's gone?" I meet his eyes.

"I would say no," he says. "But with you everything works differently, or so it seems." He traces his finger over the circle encompassing "S" on his wrist. "Why? Do you think you've been seeing visions?"

"I'm not sure what I'm seeing." I attempt to slip my hand from his. "It doesn't feel like a vision, almost like it's really happening to me."

"It's a dream with Alex," he assumes, clutching my hand.

Reluctantly, I nod. "I had it once, right after he was taken away by an unknown person. Although, I think it's Helena who took him."

His gaze darts around and he shakes his head once. "Not quite, but close."

"You know who it is?" My eyes roam the trees, the sunlight spilling through the gaps in the leaves. "And what are you looking for?"

He stops near the hill and frees my hand. He points a finger at a violet bush, sheltering a small hole burrowing into the hillside.

I shake my head incredulity. "How did you know this was here?"

"That's beside the point," he answers, giving me a rough shove toward the hill. "Now go look. Your special secret hideout isn't as special as you think."

My feet stick to the muddy ground as I stare at Alex and mine's childhood hideout. "You're lying. He wouldn't. I know he wouldn't."

"Who are you trying to convince? Me or yourself?"

I don't respond, taking slow steps for the hillside. My shoes slip in the loose rocks and mud as I scale to the bush blooming with violet flowers. Inside the dark hole a soft pale glow flutters. My heart skips nervously as I climb down the ladder and to the bottom of the hideout. Two silhouettes sit in the dark. Candles glow around them, orbing the dirt walls and the trunk in the corner.

I could try and convince myself that it's Alex and me sitting there, but the blue eyes staring at Alex are not mine. Their hands are pressed together, blood sopping from their palms. I don't fully understand the intimate words they whisper to each other. But the one I recognize is enough.

Forem-forever.

And for the first time in a long time, I turn my emotions off. Because I don't want to feel the pain. I don't want to feel anything.

***

"Can we go?" I ask Nicholas as I slide down the hill.

"Didn't like what you saw?" he remarks with a grin. He's leaning against an oak tree, his arms crossed as leaves feather from the branches.

"Just once, can you not give me a hard time?" I stop in front of him, cleaning my muddy hands on the side of my shorts. "Please."

Something in my expression alleviates the cold look he carries. He doesn't speak. Biting his lip, he glances sideways. "How bad do you want your Foreseer power back?"

"Badly," I reply with zero hesitancy. "It's the only way to save my father."

"And Alex?" He meets my eyes with curiosity.

"Yes, I still want to save Alex." I clear the fluctuation in my voice. "I'll always save him." I wonder if those words belong to me or the promise. I wonder if the dream I had was more than just images. I wonder how much of my life is real. And how much is a lie.

He shrugs me off, but deep down he's bothered. "It'll cost you."

I huff out a frustrated breath. "Tell me what I have to do? What will I owe you?"

He smiles sadly. "You won't owe me anything."

"I don't understand," I say. "Who will I owe?"

He exhales dramatically. "The person's life that you'll take."

Chapter 18

Sunlight overflows the forest, which is as quiet as a graveyard. Nicholas breathes gently and my heart drums in my chest.

"I have to kill someone?" Spinning with dizziness, I brace my hand against the trunk of a thick tree. "To get my Foreseer's power back, I actually have to kill someone?"

"No, but it's just as bad as death." He steps away from the tree, his hair hanging in his eyes. "You know the large crystal ball in the center of the city?"

The coarse bark scrapes my hand. "You're saying I have to put someone there? Are you joking?"

"Not put them there," he says. "But basically yeah. In exchange for returning the power of the Divination Crystal, you have to give the crystal power."

"How do I do that?" I gape. "How am I supposed to just get someone to go down there and feed their energy to the crystal?"

"How does anyone get someone to do something they don't want to do?" he replies. "You make a bargain you know they'll break."

My hand falls from the tree. "Like Dyvinius did with Alex? Because that makes no sense. The promise would have to be made in the City of Crystal for it to be binding."

"I never said it was going to be easy." He sketches the Foreseer's mark on his wrist. "Getting you into the City of Crystal unnoticed is going to be the hardest part. Humans are suckers and I'm sure you can get one to hand over their life pretty easy."

"I thought I was expelled from the City of Crystal? That's what the voice said when it was reading me my punishment, which, by the way, thanks for bailing out on that."

He stares at me, emotionless. "I'd watch your snotty tone, since I'm the one bailing you out now." He departs through the forest, dry leaves crumbling under his shoes.

I zip up my jacket and follow him. "Why are you helping me? What's in it for you?"

"Nothing but the pleasure of your company," he jokes, tucking his hands into the pocket of his jeans.

I whirl in front of him and he runs into me. "I'm going to tell you right now, that I don't want your help unless it's genuine." I put space between us. "If it's not, then I'll hurt you with no hesitation. I can't deal with your tricks right now." A barrel of emotions shove through my body. I suck in a breath and bottle them back up. I will not feel them.

His eyes flood with honesty. "It's genuine. I promise."

The faerie shocks me more than he ever has. "Well, okay then. Just as long as we're on the same page."

He rolls his eyes at me. "We've always been on the same page. You just refused to believe it."

Not true, but I don't argue. He takes my hands, ready to foresee us away.

"Where are we going first?" I ask. "Back to the Faerie Realm, I hope. I need to get Aislin out of there."

He shakes his head. "There's no point. You can't save her from freeing Luna."

"Wanna bet?" I challenge. "I saved the world from Stephan, so a little faerie should be easy."

His eyes narrow, offended. "She's more powerful than her size, Gemma. You shouldn't be so judgmental."

I smile, but it hurts. "I'm not being judgmental. I have you on my side now and she's your grandmother. That's gotta have some weight."

He stares at the ground, lost in thought. "Less than you'd think."

"But more than going in solo." I shake his hands encouragingly. "Now, come on. We need to hurry."

He internally struggles with whether to help me or not. The good ends up winning, and I wonder if the faerie might be changing. But I'm not counting on it. I'll never count on anything again.

Nicholas squeezes my hand and floats us away, leaving the hideout and the painful memory in a trail of dust.

"We need a game plan," I say from up in a tree. We're watching the cages though a space in the leaves. "How does one bargain with a faerie?"

"Well, if you were bargaining with me, I could think of a few ways." He pinches my side and I elbow him in the gut. He smiles, amused. "But with Luna, it's not going to be that easy. In fact, it's not going to happen because you have nothing she wants. Aislin does."

"Then we might have to do it the good old fashion way." I hop to the branch below.

He matches my move, shaking leaves to the ground. "And what's that?"

"We escape." I leap to the next branch, a thinner one that bows under my weight. I grasp onto the side branches. "We free Aislin and run."

"It sounds like something I'd do." He grapples the branch above my head, his floral scent potent. "Bailing out."

"No, you'd just bail on your own and leave Aislin," I say, then feel bad. "Sorry."

The cages rock in the wind. I creep down the branches, slowly, head tucked in, knees bent. When I reach the cage, I spot Aislin sleeping inside. Her hands are tucked under her cheek and leaves tangle her curls. I mount the branch above the cage.

"Aislin, wake up," I whisper, tapping on the bars.

She snores loudly and mumbles under her breathe words that sound like a chant.

Checking that the coast is clear, I sidewalk to the front of the cage where the leaves are scarce. The sun and wind hit my back and if anyone walks by, they'll see me. I observe the thick padlock and run my finger along the border of the cage door.

Nicholas drops down beside me.

"Do you know how to pick a lock by chance?" I yank on the door.

His hands snake around me so I'm trapped between his arms and his chest crowds my back. He grabs the lock and I notice he has a bobby pin in his hand.

Unable to help myself, I stifle a smile. "Did you have that in your hair?"

He sighs, his warm breath feathering my neck. "Ha, ha, your humor is hilarious." He sticks the pin in the lock, nodding his chin at Aislin. "I took it out of her hair."

Aislin always has pins in her hair. "Oh right, good thinking."

His eyes convene with mine and his eyebrows arch. "Did you just give me a compliment?"

"I..." Glancing around, I shrug. Then I maneuver out of his arms and balance to the side of the cage.

Nicholas works the pin up and down, and gives it a twist. The lock clicks. "Sometimes I amaze myself," Nicholas remarks admiring his handy work.

"I'm sure you do." I scoot past him and into the cage. Holding the door open with one hand, I nudge Aislin in the foot with my shoe. "Aislin, get up. We gotta go."

"I'm not going to shut the door on you," Nicholas says. "You can go in."

Still holding the door ajar, I give Aislin another nudge and raise my voice. "Aislin, come on. We have to go before Luna finds you." I kick the bottom of her shoe, maybe a little too hard, but it does the job.

She blinks her eyes open, dumbfounded. "Where am I?" She rubs her eyes. "Oh. OH! We're still here."

I quickly motion at the door. "Yep, and we have to hurry before Luna discovers you're here."

"What about Aleesa? And Laylen?" Disoriented, she staggers to her feet. Her pupils are dilated and glossy. "And why's he here?"

I glance over my shoulder at Nicholas, who's leaning against the cage, watching us with a bored expression. "He's helping us."

She frowns skeptically. "Did you hear what you just said?"

I nod and tug her out of the cage and onto the branch. "Again, no time. We have to get out of here before Luna comes for you. Laylen's not here and we'll have to come back for Aleesa when we have a game plan and the Empress isn't heading for us."

Nicholas glances from left to right. "I think she's already here."

Tiny footsteps pitter-patter toward us. From below our feet, sprites giggle and clap their hands.

"Can you get us out of here?" I plead with Nicholas.

"I could," he muses. "For a price."

Before I can argue, he takes our hands. Just as the Empress presents herself through the branches, he blinks and foresees us away. The last thing I see is a smile on the Queen's face. And a smile on a queen's face is never a good thing.

***

Nicholas drops us near the lake, unable to enter the Keeper's castle lined with praesidium. We make a beeline for the castle and settle in the library. Aislin slumps down on the leather couch, wiping the sweat and dirt from her forehead. "I feel weird, like I have a concussion."

Nicholas makes himself at home on the velvet sofa in the living room. Outside, the sun is rising over the mountains, making the land glow a faint pink. "Maybe you do. Maybe a sprite knocked you over the head while you were passed out."

I turn my jacket pockets inside out, dumping the remaining bits of Faerie Realm dirt. "Did anyone else notice that Luna looked a little too happy for someone who just lost her key to escaping the Faerie Realm?"

Nicholas glances at me impressively. "So you caught onto that, huh?"

"She was grinning from ear to ear," I say. "How could I not notice it?"

He kicks his feet up on the table and drapes his arms across the back of the chair. "You're getting smarter, Gemma Lucas. Now if only you could figure out why she was so happy."

"I'm sure you probably already know, but aren't going to share." I unzip my jacket and toss it on the couch as he smiles. "God, our list of problems is beyond long. We need to figure something out-a way to narrow it down."

"Saving Laylen and Alex come first. They're more important than anything else." Aislin watches me expectantly. "And I have to save Aleesa from..." She trails off, her eyes glossing over.

I snap my fingers in front of her face. "Aislin, are you alive in there?"

She blinks into focus. "Yeah, I'm good."

Nicholas and I exchange a doubting a look.

"Maybe one of the sprites worked their way into her brain," he muses.

I pull a repulsed face. "Can they do that?"

He shrugs with a twinkle in his eye. "Who knows."

"Gemma!" Aislin shouts. "We need to save Alex and Laylen! Now!"

"Okay, okay, we will," I sputter, observing Nicholas from the corner of my eye. "You don't have to worry. I'll always save them."

Nicholas rolls his eyes. "Wow, you must really enjoy being hurt. Maybe I need to retract my earlier remark about your growing intelligence."

Aislin leans forward in the chair. "Am I missing something?"

I shake my head. "No, everything's good. We should get started. Do you want to try and do a Tracker Spell on both of them?"

She nods and limps to her feet. Her slippers are missing and her pajama bottoms are torn "Yeah, let me go grab my stuff."

"Are you hurt?" I ask.

"I just rolled my ankle. That's all." She hobbles out of the room, leaving me alone with the faerie.

"Something's wrong with her," I note to myself.

"Yeah, she has Avery blood in her." Nicholas chuckles.

"So what are your plans?" I ask derisively. "Are you sticking around to help? Or do you plan on bailing and telling everyone our secrets?"

He overlaps his hands, his gaze piercing. "You know, you and I have a lot in common."

I snort a laugh, sinking into the couch. "The only thing we did have in common was our Foreseer power, but mine's gone now so we don't even have that."

His gaze scorches my skin. "Don't you ever wonder why I get under your skin so badly?"

"Because of your charming personality," I express sarcastically.

He ignores my comment. "Although, the last few times I've seen you it's been worse. I'm really starting to get to you."

"That's because I saved you from death and you still do things like sick invisible snakes on me."

"That was for Dyvinius. I had no say in it."

"You have a say in everything you do," I tell him. "You just have to be strong enough to deal with the consequences."

"You haven't lived my life." His golden eyes blaze. "And until you have, don't tell me that I have a say in anything in my life." A hidden meaning intermingles with his words.

"You know, you could always tell me," I offer. "It might be nice to actually talk to someone for once, instead of trying to trick them." I wait, but can tell right away it's never going to happen. "I'm going to go help Aislin."

I walk out of the room, feeling the strange pull towing me back, almost like when I left The Underworld. What scares me even more, is part of me likes that I feel this way.

***

"I found them," Aislin announces from the doorway of my bedroom. While she was doing the Tracker Spell, I changed out of my pajamas and into a pair of jeans and blue and black tank top.

"Both of them?" I lace up my sneaker.

She nods and sits down on the bed beside me. "It's bad, Gemma. Like really, really bad."

I sigh, preparing myself. "Go ahead and lay it on me."

"Well, Laylen's in... The Afterlife."

"What!" I shout, my breathing erratic. "How did that-why did that happen?"

She shrugs, picking a glob of mascara off her eyelash. "I'm guessing the Banshee wasn't dead and took him. Or was dead and took him, since they're already dead and can't die and can go to The Afterlife if they're dead."

I stare blankly at her. "Are you okay? You're sounding kind of... off."

"I'm fine." She laughs. "I'm just a little tired."

"No, something else is wrong." I fasten my other shoelace. "Where's Alex?"

Biting her lip, she sucks back tears. "Alex, well, he's... he's with Stasha."

Pain, pain, go away. "He's with Stasha?" I pause. "Then why was there all that blood? And pain. I felt his pain, Aislin."

"I know you did." She side braids her hair and secures it with an elastic band. "Don't worry. He can't be there by choice. Something's going on with Stasha. She might have him under some sort of spell or something."

"She's not a witch," I utter softly.

"But she could have a witch helping her."

"Maybe. Or maybe he just wants to be there."

"Gemma," Aislin says, tightening the band of her sliver watch. "Alex hates Stasha. And I mean, really hates her. In fact, I think that's why he dated her for so long. Because he didn't feel anything for her and he thought that's how things were supposed to be."

"So the story goes." I walk to the closet and take out a hooded jacket. "So what do you think? You wanna go pay a visit to Stasha while I get Laylen out of The Afterlife?"

"You can't go to The Afterlife." She flicks a piece of lint from her shorts. "It'd be like handing over your soul to Helena."

"Not unless I actually hand it over myself. And you can't get to The Afterlife without dying." I zip up my jacket, pull up the hood, and retreat for the door. "I'm going to have to find a way in without being detected. It's the only way."

She hurries across the room and blocks the doorway. "Yeah, you make an excellent point." Her eyebrows furrow at her own words. "I think you need to call Alex first."

"Why? So he'll answer and it will prove he's over at Stasha's on his own freewill." I shove past her. "You go ahead and bring him back. I'm going after Laylen, who's actually in trouble."

But as I reach the threshold, an unknown force draws me back, like a dog on a leash. "Never mind, I'll go get Alex with you."

Aislin's green eyes shadow. "Now there's a plan I like."

"Are you possessed?" I corner her, examining her eyes. "Did a Lost Soul take you over? You're acting strange."

She shakes her head and her eyes water. "No. I just feel so sick, like my brain's fuzzy."

"Does it feel like a sprite's in there?" I peek at her ear.

She waves me away. "What kind of insane question is that?"

"One that fits your insane behavior." I watch her closely. "Are you sure you don't mind Laylen waiting around in The Afterlife for a little bit longer while I go save Alex?"

She bobs her head up and down. "Of course I don't mind. Laylen can be there as long as he has to. He'll be fine."

"Good." I exhale, feeling bad, but knowing it's got to be done. "Let me go get Nicholas and then we'll go."

She intercepts my path. "Why does he have to go? He's a weirdo."

"I need his moral support." I pat her arm and scoot by, leaving her perplexed. I trot down the stairs and to the library. Nicholas is waiting from me with his shoes kicked up on the table. "There's a situation going on upstairs."

"What? You have more faeries frolicking in your bedroom?" He smirks. "You know that portal's still open."

I rub my temples. "I forgot about the portal... that's not what I'm talking about. I'm pretty sure Aislin's possessed by a Lost Soul."

He lowers his feet and shakes his head. "That's not possible. Nothing's wrong with Aislin's soul. And Helena and her Lost Souls aren't free yet, so the chance of her being possessed is low."

"Alex was possessed," I point out.

"Yeah, but his soul's connected to yours. So he's more susceptible."

"Well, she's possessed by something." I sigh. "Or she's lost her mind. She wants me to leave Laylen in The Afterlife. In fact, she almost seems happy about it."

He scratches his head. "So what do you want me to do about it?"

"I don't know... we can't just let her wander around though. She's a very powerful witch. Mix that with evil and we're in a lot of trouble."

He stands. "Just because she could be evil, doesn't mean she'll hurt us."

"Well she's never liked you." I turn for the door. "So an evil Aislin just might want to hurt you."

I climb up the stairs. Seconds later, he chases after me.

"Fine, I can drop her off in the Foreseer's holding cell." He guides his hand on the banister as he steps up the stairway. "But if she's not possessed, she's going to be super pissed when I bring her back."

"Well, you shouldn't care about that," I say. "You don't care about anything, remember?"

"Who doesn't care about what?" Aislin appears at the top of the stairs, her hands on her hips, a giant smile on her face. "This is a great day, isn't it?"

"She isn't possessed by a Lost Soul." Nicholas laughs, shaking his head. "But something definitely has hold of her."

"I know." I gesture at Aislin. "Be careful with her, okay?"

Nicholas presses back a smirk, stepping toward Aislin. "I'll be as careful as I always am."

I jerk on the hem of his shirt and glare at him. "I mean it. Don't hurt her. She's my friend."

His eyes soften. "I won't." He smiles at Aislin and touches her hand. "You want to go somewhere really cool?"

"Like an amusement park?" She jumps up and down, her sanity fading.

"Sure." Nicholas loops his arm with hers and takes the ruby-filled crystal ball out of his pocket. "Now hold on real tight." Clutching the traveling crystal ball, he blinks them away.

Moving on to my secret plan, I dash up the stairs and recover my cellphone out of my dresser. I highlight Alex's number and hit dial.

He answers after three rings. Laughing. "What's up?"

I bite down on my tongue until blood floods my taste buds. "It's me. Gemma."

Silence.

"Why are you calling me?" He sounds annoyed.

"Why are you at Stasha's?" I reply, equally annoyed. He doesn't answer. "I thought you were dead. I thought Helena had you or maybe a Lost Soul possessed you again. Is that what happened? Are you some freaky Lost Soul with no control over your actions?"

A pause. "Look Gemma, I'm really busy right now, so I'll call you back later, okay?"

I begin to object, but he hangs up on me. I toss the phone against the wall and it shatters. I scream into a pillow until my throat burns. Then I turn off my emotions, regain my composure, and proceed with my plan. Unlatching the window, I step onto the sill. Morning is arriving and the sky is a shade of pastel watercolors. My knees knock together as I stare horrified at the grass two-stories down. Just how bad of a death is a fall from this height?

"If Alex wants to be with Stasha," I mutter. "Then let him be with Stasha. Laylen needs my help more than him." I just hope my mom's right and I have a free pass to and from The Afterlife. And that I'm still immune to death.

Bailing on Alex is like cutting my arm off-the Blood Promises that bind us are so strong. But forcing my feet forward, I take a breath and willingly leap for my death, hoping I'll die long enough to make to the Afterlife.

Chapter 19

"Gemma Lucas, what have you done?" My mother's voice soothes my aching body. "You can't be here. She can't have you."

Opening my eyes, I push up from the grass. The willow tree branches are like veil of cotton and a tepid breeze lulls my skin. My mother's near the tree trunk disappointment chilling her features while strands of her brown hair whisper in the wind.

"I had to come here." I brush wisps of grass and fluffs of cotton off my knees and arms. "To The Afterlife anyway." I glance from left to right. "Why aren't I in The Afterlife?"

My mother's pale skin conveys a ghostly glow. "You can't go to The Afterlife, Gemma."

I step toward her. "But I died and Lucinda said that's where I'd go. Are you telling me she lied?"

"Would you be surprised if she did? She's the Queen of the dead." She moves away from the tree trunk and sighs. "She didn't lie to you, but you can't go there. Helena will find a way to keep your soul this time and Annabella's not around to save you anymore."

I gulp at the distant memory of the dream. "Because Helena ate her?"

"Not necessarily ate," she explains with an edge in her tone. "But more or less. Annabella is trapped in Helena's body, which makes Helena very powerful at the moment. That's why you can't go there."

"What did Helena do to the Essences?" I ask. "In a dream I had, she went after them. Did she get them?"

She glances around anxiously, links arms with me, and we stoop under the curtain of cotton branches. We stride for the garden, blooming with red and white roses. Hedges fence the towering trees and leafy flowers. Cotton and petals sail through the air. We find a corner, encased by thick rose bushes and tuck ourselves behind them.

"For the most part, the Essences are okay. Annabella is trying her hardest to protect us." Her voice is hushed, her eyes skimming the trees. "But there are some Essences that Helena's possessed."

"Aren't Essences just light?" I lean in, my voice low. "They actually have bodies?"

She motions at herself. "I'm here, aren't I? And Nicholas, you've seen him as a ghost."

"But I thought Essences were a ball of light," I whisper, cupping my hands together, demonstrating. "I held Nicholas' essence."

"The ball of light and our bodies are one and the same. The light is just our life, which Annabella keeps after we die."

"So there are Essences walking around here, possessed by Helena?"

She nods. "Which means we must be careful. If the wrong Essence sees you, they'll take you straight to her."

"But you said she can't take my soul," I point out. "That I have to give it to her, which I'm not planning on doing."

"Helena will find a way." She peeks over the rose bush. "She'll find your weakness and use it against you."

"My weakness," I deliberate. "Like Alex?"

She urges me toward the egress of the garden. "Let's not find out. You have to go back to your body, Gemma. And never come back here, not until things with Helena are smoothed over."

My feet root to the ground. "Mom, I can't leave Laylen there. What if she turns him into one of her creepy mummies or something?"

"Gemma." Looking like she might cry, she takes my hand, her eyes pressing. "Gemma, if Laylen is there, he's already dead. You do understand that, don't you? You can't enter The Afterlife without being dead."

"I..." With wide eyes, I observe the petals haunting the air. How could I have forgotten? The two times I journeyed to The Afterlife, I died. "But Aislin said he was there and she was happy so I didn't even think..." My shoulders slump over. "But she was acting weird, like she was-" I buckle over, clutching at my chest, at my unbeating heart. "I think I'm..."

"Oh no." She seizes my arm and picks up the pace, hurrying toward the willow tree. "You're crossing over, into Helena's Realm. I have to send you back to your body..."

"You can't do..." My limbs droop and I crash to the ground. My skin shifts to wintriness blue. My muscles slither with an unnatural tingle. She desperately fights to sustain me. But I'm gone, abandoning her and the Essences for The Afterlife.

***

I land in Helena's chambers, my sneakers embedded on the blood red podium. The thorn embellished throne is empty, along with chains on the wall. I circle the room, passing the silvery-liquid mirror. It ripples my deathly refection, my skin like snow, my violet eyes circled with bags, my lips as purple as my veins.

"Death is beautiful, isn't it?" Helena greets me through the mirror.

I jump back and she ambles out of the mirror, dragging a chain attached around a Lost Soul's neck. It's a strange looking Lost Soul, its features masculine and its eyes full of helplessness. Helena clips the chain to the wall and pats the Lost Soul on the head. She's different from the last time I saw her. Her thin legs have lengthened, adding enough height that she's almost even with me. Her eyes are still hollow, but her skin is smooth and her long hair is a honey gold. Can Annabella see me too? Is she watching from the other side of Helena's eyes?

Her long black dress with a high neckline sweeps the floor as she whisks to her throne. Long-legged black bugs with red hourglass-shaped spots on their bodies flood from her dress. I hop around like a scared little girl.

"Black Widows! What the hell?" I stomp on the body of one, squishing it on the bottom of my shoe.

"Careful. Someday one of them might squash you." She scoops one up and lets it scurry across her hand, tilting her wrist to steer it. "You know the Black Widow is a really fascinating insect."

I cringe as one crawls across my shoe. "They're gross and that's about it."

She turns her hand upward. The Black Widow stands in her palm, buffing its legs together. "There's a lot of mythology based on these creatures. Some believe them to be good luck. Others believe they're an omen of the future. Some believe females are cannibals and that they eat their male partner after they mate."

"Ewe." I gag, kicking a spider away. "That's disgusting and way too much information. Plus, they're extremely venomous."

"You say that like its bad." She cups the Black Widow in her hand. "As a woman, I would think you'd understand."

"Again, ewe." I want to cover my ears, but I refrain. "Male or female, cannibalism is gross."

"I'm not talking about cannibalism." She places the Black Widow on the arm of her throne and leans forward. "I'm talking about being stronger, more powerful and not letting them stomp all over your heart." She eyes the Lost Soul chained to the wall.

"Like Alexander Avery did with your heart?" I ask audaciously. "Or with your sisters?"

She snarls, then eyes me for an eternity, nitpicking my looks from head-to-toe. "I don't understand what the fuss is about you, but for some reason guys seem to be drawn to you." She thrums her fingers on the solid arm of the throne. "And you let them do whatever they want. I just don't get it."

"Is that why you brought me down here?" I approach the throne with caution, stepping on spiders and trying not to throw up at the crunching noise. "To discuss my guy problems?"

"They are more of a problem than you even realize." She carries her head with arrogance, emitting self-confidence. "One playing you for a fool, the other nothing but a liar, and the last one..." Her black fingernail lines her lip. "Well, I'm not sure what the last one is to you."

I have no idea which description fits what guy, but there's more to worry about at the moment. Like time. Any second, my death could expire. "Where's Laylen?"

She neither grins nor frowns, her demeanor collected as Black Widows cram the room, covering the walls, the floor, and the throne. "He's safe for the time being."

"He's dead," I snap, flicking a spider from my cheek. "How's that considered safe?"

"Depends on how you look at it." She gives an uncaring shrug. "Some consider death liberation."

"Where is he?" I grind my teeth, struggling to maintain my patience.

"Who? Alex? Nicholas? Or the blonde one?" She licks her lips. "There are so many it's hard to keep track of names. In my day, girls had to fight for the men, not the other way around."

"You know what?" I toss my hands in the air. "I give up."

She grins, thinking I'm surrendering, but she's wrong. I just hope Alex taught me well. Sprinting for the podium, I thrust out my arms and seize her neck in my hands. The Black Widows scurry across the floor and up the walls. My chipped nails stab into her icy skin.

"You can't kill me," she croaks, forcing herself up from the chair. Her hands serpent over mine. "But it's nice to see you enjoy this. Maybe you do belong here after all."

My strength increases. "Tell me where he is."

Her lips part and she lets out the most malicious cackle, hacking up a Black Widow coated in her saliva. Vomit burns at the back of my throat, but I refuse to let go.

"Fine, if that's what you want, then I'll give him to you." She laughs to herself, clasps my wrists, and shoves me away.

I stumble onto the podium, her excessive strength shock-waving my muscles. I realize she was toying with me the entire time.

"You didn't think you were really hurting me, did you?" She elevates her hands to eyelevel and claps her palms together twice. Her face lights up at something behind me.

I turn and my jaw drops. Laylen. He's as frail as a Lost Soul, but not mummified. His bright blue eyes are black, his skin pale, and his cheekbones are concaved.

I move cautiously, fearing he'll fall apart at the slightest movement. "What did she do to you?" I flick a spider from his shoulder. "Laylen, can you hear me?"

"I liberated him," Helena answers. "This is his death, Gemma."

"No, this is the life you took." I whirl at her, my finger flaring. "Otherwise he wouldn't be here."

"True," she agrees. "But he is a very beautiful Lost Soul."

"He's not a Lost Soul." I shake my head, denying.

"Not quite, but soon," she replies greedily.

I search his eyes for a spark of life, but he doesn't blink, doesn't breathe. He doesn't know who he is-who I am-or where he is.

"What do you want?" I turn back to the queen, choking on my tears. "How can I get you to free him?"

"How much would you give up for him?" she asks intensely. "How much does this boy mean to you?"

I've never been in this kind of a situation with Laylen. Alex, yes. Laylen, no. But I look at it the same, because I care for Laylen just as much as I care for Alex.

"You want my soul?" I affirm.

Surprisingly, she shakes her head. "No, not your soul. You know as well as I do that I can't just take it. But there is a loophole."

Nervously, I note the chains on her wall, the Black Widows, and the forthcoming screams. "There's always a loophole, isn't there?"

She stretches from her throne, taller than ever. The spiders scuttle for her. They start at her feet and spiral up her dress. Her black fingernails point up to the ceiling and she laughs with glee. "What I want from you Gemma is more than your soul."

I'm hit from the back, like a truck colliding with a wall. I fall flat on my face, in a pile of spiders. From my peripheral vision I spy a strange looking Banshee, its hair wispy and white and it moves like water. It takes down Laylen. His body smacks down onto the podium, his eyes open, lifeless. The Widows prey on him, scampering across his body as if they own him. The queen snickers again and a thousand swooshes pack the chamber.

Warm light melts me as my body starts to revive. I scream as I'm ripped apart from the inside out.

Chapter 20

I jolt up, shrieking at the top of my lungs. The sky shadows above and the grass is crisp against my legs. My body is broken from the fall, disarranged and scratched. I feel strange, but alive and in control. My mother was right: Helena can't take my soul without permission. But what about Laylen?

"You went through with it, didn't you?" Nicholas asks from behind me.

I pivot around and totter to my feet. "I had to-I had to save Laylen."

"You're always saving someone." His eyes are like fireflies against the darkness of night. "The problem is no one ever saves you." He eyes me over. "What happened? Do you still have your soul? By your nervous demeanor, I'm guessing yes."

I insert my arm back into the socket and crack my fingers into place. "Yes, I still have my soul." I dart past him and investigate the front yard.

He marches after me. "What are you looking for?"

"Laylen." I race to the driveway and check the front seat of his car. It's empty. "His body's got to be around here somewhere."

"So now it's Laylen you're worried about." He skids in the gravel. "Tell me, do you ever worry about me like that?"

I blink at him. "Seriously? I think you know the answer to that question." I revolve in a circle. "Laylen! Can you hear me?!" I tug my fingers through my hair, wrenching at the roots. "Laylen!" Tears leak from my eyes.

"I could make you worry about me," Nicholas carries on the conversation without missing a beat. "I've made you do things before."

My hands fall heavily to my side. "What are you talking about?"

He rests his elbow on the car, his eyes penetrating under my skin. "What do you think I'm talking about? I've asked you a million times why it is you always come to me for help and I think you know the answer."

"I can't believe..." I let out a frustrated grunt and then surrender my hands in the air. "You know what? I don't care. I need to find Laylen."

He strides alongside me. "That's understandable, but you're going the wrong way." He dodges in front of me and turns me by the shoulders, directing me toward the castle. He points a finger at the tower. "He's up in his room, sleeping like a baby."

I sprint up the pathway and burst into the foyer. My feet hammer up the stairs as I rush to Laylen's bedroom. I fling open the door. He's lying in his bed, his hands overlapping his stomach. I swallow hard and hurry to his bedside. Veins bulge under his pallid skin and his body is nothing but bones.

"Laylen," I choke, tenderly touching his arm. A Black Widow crawls out from under him and makes a path to his stomach. Gasping, I fling the bug across the room and it splatters against the window.

His eyelids bolt open and he sucks in an immense breath. Stunned, I leap back, my heart racing.

"Oh my God." My hand presses over my heart. "You're alive."

Wide eyed, he nods. He inspects his arms, his legs, his hands. The color returns to his cheeks and his cheekbones start fill out. His veins blend beneath his skin.

He pants for a while, too shocked to speak. I sit on the edge of his bed and find his gaze. "Hey, are you okay?"

He nods, staring at the wall. "I think so... I mean it's weird." His gaze connects with mine. "Don't you think it's weird?"

"To be dead?" I check and he nods. "Yeah, but that strange feeling you have will eventually vanish. Trust me."

"I do trust you." He shawls his arm around my shoulder and guides me closer. "But the question is do you trust me?"

"Of course." I rest my head against his shoulder just as Nicholas appears in the doorway.

"Am I ruining a moment between you two?" He points a finger accusingly.

"You ruin every moment of our existence." Laylen glares. "By just being here."

Nicholas clamps his lips together, his eyebrows knitting. "Don't you two want to know what's wrong with Aislin?"

"Did you take her to the Foreseers' holding cell?" I ask and he nods. "Is she okay?"

He stuffs his hands into his pockets and rocks back on his heels. "She will be when the magic spell wears off. Apparently, when Aislin was captured by the sprites, she put a spell on herself which basically made her temporarily stupid in case Luna showed up."

"You got her to tell you that?" I rub a smudge of blood off my upper arm, lingering evidence of my fall out of the window.

He nods. "In a few hours she'll be as good as new." He pauses. "Until then, what do we do? Because there are a million different things you need to fix."

"Like what?" I put him on the spot.

He's speechless by my attitude. "Like closing the Faerie Realm in the closet, getting your mark back, freeing your dad and your lover."

"Alex isn't a prisoner," I say. "He's there on his own freewill."

"You're awfully sure of that," he expresses. "Yet, you haven't even talked to him."

"I did, on the phone," I respond. "He seemed pretty content with Stasha. And pretty pissed that I called."

He ambles across the room, glancing around at the clothes on Laylen's floor. "It looks like a tornado blew through here. Are all vampires this messy?"

Laylen's lip twitches. "You better watch it faerie. All vampires like to feed, especially on fey."

I eye Laylen, curious to know if he's joking. "Are you sure you're okay? Did Helena do something to you?" My gaze sweeps his body, his torn shirt, the holes in his dark jeans, the fresh blood in his blonde hair.

"I told you I'm fine." He smoothes his hand down my back, his harsh demeanor alleviating. "How about I go get that crystal of yours fixed while you go check on Alex?"

"You want me to go to Stasha's house and see if Alex is there against his will?" I mope. "What if he isn't? What if he's there doing things I don't want to see?"

"Like what?" Laylen wonders.

"Like..." My eyes wander to Nicholas. "Stuff."

"Don't hold back on my account." Nicholas takes a seat next to me, smelling like daisies, rain, and perfume. "Is it because of what I showed you?"

I scowl at him. "Why do you even care?"

Laylen slants forward, glancing back and forth between Nicholas and me. "What did he show you?"

Nicholas waits expectantly. "Do you want to explain or should I?"

I sigh and direct my attention to Laylen. "There's nothing to explain. I'll go free Alex or whatever, and you go fix the crystal ball."

We nod in agreement and depart for the door.

"What about me?" Nicholas chases after us.

"You're going to take me to Stasha's," I say. "Does she still live on the east coast?"

Laylen heads into the bathroom. "No, she got a place in town to be closer to us." He turns on the sink faucet and dunks his head in the water, rinsing the blood from his hair. He shuts the water off and snatches a towel from the hanger. "She mentioned this when she was here the other day, but I didn't want to tell you." He dries his hair and tosses the towel in the corner.

"I'm glad you didn't." I lean against the doorway and fold my arms. "I don't like knowing now."

He combs his fingers through his hair, rearranging it into place. He leans over the counter, admiring his reflection in the mirror. "You need to get over it, Gemma. Alex is Alex."

"Since when have you been so into your looks?" I raise my eyebrows critically.

His gaze sweeps my body. "If I were you, I'd be doing the same thing."

Taken aback, I stand up straight and inspect my filthy clothes. "That was kind of rude."

Sighing, he pulls me in front of the mirror. "Look at you. You're a beautiful girl, you just don't try."

I stare at my reflection, my matted brown hair, dirt and dried blood on my pale skin, long limbs covered by an oversized black tee and some faded jeans.

He dips his lips next to my ear. "You're really beautiful. You shouldn't hide it."

Nicholas watches us uncomfortably from the entryway. "He's acting really weird."

I consider Laylen's behavior, and a strange tingling feeling kisses my skin. I squirm away from him. "He's right, though. I do look like crap all the time." I wedge past a stupefied Nicholas. "Hold on. I think I'm going to go change first before we go."

I march to my room and throw open my closet. In a nutshell, my clothes are a lost cause. But I make do; taking out a pair of denim shorts and a sleeveless black shirt Aislin gave me. I put them on, wash my hair and face. Then I twist my damp hair up, leaving a few stray pieces to frame my face, and secure it with some hairclips I stole from Aislin's room. I trace some black eyeliner around my violet eyes and dab some dark red lipstick on my lips. When I look in the mirror again, the girl staring back at me isn't Gemma Lucas. She's someone more powerful. More confident. More venomous. My eyes darken as I smile, wondering just how far I could go with this new look.

I meet Laylen and Nicholas at the bottom of the stairs. They're arguing about something and Nicholas looks edgy. When they notice me, they stop.

Laylen gives me an approving once over. "Nice."

I stand proud. "Thank you."

Laylen holds the broken Crystal of Limitation in his hand. "Well, I'll go get this fixed and you two can go drag Romeo back here." He opens the door, eyes lingering on me. He lets out a low growl. "You really should keep that look."

Our fiery gazes remain linked until he steps outside and shuts the door.

"What the hell happened to you two down in The Afterlife?" Nicholas investigates my eyes. "I'd guess you are possessed, but that's not possible. You're a Protected One."

I pat him on the head. "There's nothing wrong with the way I'm acting. Now will you please take me to Stasha's?"

"There's something going on." He grimaces. "And that's saying a lot coming from me."

Disregarding him, I take his hand. "To Stasha's."

He shakes his head with befuddlement. "Fine Gemma. But if you try anything tricky-if you try to attack me or something-I will hurt you." His hand constricts around mine. "Don't forget who you're dealing with here."

I almost laugh at the ridiculousness. We walk hand in hand out the door and to the shore of the lake, far enough away from the praesidium. He obtains the miniature crystal ball from his pocket, giving one more protest and threat before we go. But I don't care. Because I know he can't hurt me-I'm much too powerful.

Chapter 21

Stasha's house resides on the outskirts of town, where the neighborhoods are lowly populated and the mountains expand to the sky. The trees cast sinister shadows across the lawn and the silence of the air chills my spine. But I breezily shake off my uneasiness and stride up the rocky path toward the house. The lights are on, revealing two silhouettes inside.

"You probably shouldn't just walk in," Nicholas mentions as I place my hand on the door handle. "Need I remind you Stasha can kill with a touch of her bare hands?"

"Need I remind you I can't die?" I kink the door handle.

His hand zips forward and he jerks the door shut. "You may not be able to die, but you can go back to The Afterlife. And it seems like you've lost some of your sanity since your last visit there, so might I suggest taking a break from the whole self-death sentence thing."

I lower my hand. "You make an excellent point." I rap on the door.

The door swings open. Stasha narrows her eyes immediately, putting a gloved hand on her hip. "What are you doing here?" she asks with a patronizing bob of her head.

I barge my way inside. Like her old house, the olive walls and the ceiling are garnished with lush vines and florid plants. I know from experience that she controls the plants and can turn them on me.

Alex is seated in a cream sofa that centers the room. "Gemma." He bounds to his feet, his eyes browsing my new look. He doesn't look guilty or evil, like I anticipated. He looks worn out. Dark shadows crescent below his eyes and his skin is ashen. His hair pokes up everywhere, a sign he's been taking his stress out on it. "What are you doing here?"

"Shouldn't I be the one asking you that question?" I wander through the room, examining the framed photos on the mantle. Stasha obviously still has a thing for Alex, since he's in nearly every photo.

"You're the one that came barging into my house." Stasha strolls in, twisting a curl of her sunny hair. "If anyone should be asking the questions, it should be me." She points her finger over her shoulder at Nicholas who is invading her personal space. "So, first question. Why'd you bring him?"

Nicholas sniffs her hair and grins. "What's the matter Death Girl? Did you miss me?"

"He brought me here," I answer, running my finger along a photo of Stasha and Alex holding hands on the beach. Stasha, of course, has gloves on. I wonder if this is before or after they made the Forever Blood Promise. Hurt creeps in, but I shut it down before the emotion consumes me. "What's the matter, Stasha? Does he make you uncomfortable?"

She smirks, but it's forced. "The only person who makes me uncomfortable is you. But only because you're a freak."

I tap my fingers on the mantle, torturing her with my nonchalant manner. "I'm the freak. I'm not the one whose hands have to stay covered, otherwise I'll kill someone. Tell me, how were you and Alex even a couple. I mean, you couldn't even touch him with your hands..." I trail off as a revelation dropkicks me in the gut. Alex and Stasha's Blood Promise. Their hands were pressed together-their bare hands.

She rips off her gloves, ready to battle. "What were you saying about my hands?"

I glance from Stasha, to Alex, and then my eyes land on Nicholas.

He bites down on his lip and shrugs. "It wasn't my fault. I had to do it."

Alex's fingers wind around my elbow. "Gemma, I need to talk to you for a minute. Alone."

Stasha huffs and melodramatically stomps her foot. "Alex," she whines. "I thought you were over her."

Before anyone can respond, he escorts me out the front door, into the dusk of the night. The porch light beams down on us.

I wrench my arm away and charge down the stairs. I cross my arms and glare at the profiles of the trees. "Having fun?"

"No," he says it like I'm an idiot. "Why would you think that?"

I target my eyes at him. "Why wouldn't I think that? You disappear in the middle of the night and end up here." I mitigate my tone. "I thought you were dead... there was blood everywhere."

His eyes search mine. "You really don't remember what happened?"

"How could I? I was asleep." Dreaming of Helena, eating Annabella.

He shuts his eyes, his nostrils flaring as he inhales the cool air. "Then it's worse than I thought. She's somehow blocked out your memories."

"What are you talking about? My memories are fine. At least the ones that weren't erased by your father."

He opens his eyes and swallows hard. "Gemma, you attacked me in your sleep." He jerks down his shirt collar, showing me the fresh bite marks on his skin. "You bit me over and over again, like you were trying to eat me or something." He shudders at the memory.

"I'm not a zombie," I rage. "And if you don't want to be with me, then you can just say it. Don't feed me crappy lies."

"I'm not lying." He steps off the porch and stands close to me. "And I'm not saying you're a zombie. Or a vampire. Or anything else that bites." He sucks in a breath, like he might cry. "I think you're possessed."

I gape at him. "I can't be possessed. Remember. I'm a Protected One."

"Yeah, but protected from what?" Hesitantly, he reaches out, his fingers pursuing mine. "We hardly know anything about a Protected One, except for what Lucinda has told you. And how reliable of a source could the Queen of The Underworld be?" He motions at my body. "And look at you. You're dressed weird and you have that crap all over your eyes."

I trace my tongue on my lipstick-stained lips. "I thought you liked it when I dressed this way. You seemed to like it when I was a Black Angel."

"You can dress however you want. I just want you to be you. God." He rubs his eyes, exhausted. "I don't even know who you are. Are you really my Gemma Lucas, or Helena's?"

"I'm no one's Gemma Lucas." I wave an irritated hand at Stasha's house. "And how do I know you're you. You're here with Stasha. It's like the ultimate betrayal."

"Does it hurt you?" he asks, hopeful. "Does it make you feel... I don't know, hurt or something?"

I let my body numb. "I don't feel anything."

"Even if I told you I kissed her?"

"Did you?" I demand. He doesn't answer. "Tell me if you did."

He remains stoic, awaiting my response.

"I hate you." I storm for the forest.

He tackles me from behind, casing an arm around my waist and bracing us as we collide with the grass. He hovers above me, his hair dangling in his lustrous eyes, fingers digging into my skin. He straddles my h*ps and restrains my arms above my head.

"Gemma." His tone is begging. "I need to know you're still you." Shifting my trapped wrists into one of his hands, he flattens his free hand on my heart, confirming it's still alive.

"I'm not a Lost Soul," I respire, edging my face closer to his. "Ask Nicholas. He knows about Protected Ones."

"You want me to trust Nicholas?" He laughs harshly. "There really must be something wrong with you."

"How can you not believe me? How can you not see that I'm still me?" Tears pool my eyes and flood down my cheeks. But it's an act-a brief slipup. It's like I'm stuck behind a brick wall and part of the real me has slipped through the cracks.

His expression softens. "Don't cry. I hate seeing you cry." He kisses the tears away, his lips soft like a feather grazing my skin. "I love you." His lips brush mine. "I just thought... when you bit me I didn't know what to think."

"I was having a bad dream that night." I hold his gaze. "I could have been reenacting it in my sleep."

"You've never been a sleepwalker before." His fingertips trace the corners of my eyes. "You're usually a peaceful sleeper." He needs more proof that I'm still me. Or at least a distraction.

A hollow feeling congests my chest. I sneak my legs out from under him and secure them around his hips. My arms are still confined, but I lean my head up and crush my lips into his. His lips fleetingly falter, before returning my passion equally. Loosening his grip on my wrists, his fingers travel down my arms, my shoulders, my ribs. He grabs at my h*ps kissing me with so much desire and passion it heats my skin. He trusts me completely. And that's exactly how I want it.

Because it makes him easier to control.

Chapter 22

We're lying on Stasha's front lawn, watching the stars disappear as the sun climbs above the mountains.

"So you thought coming here would force the Lost Soul out of me?" I ask. "Why?"

His finger draws along the star on my wrist. "You forced the Lost Soul out of me with intense emotion, so I thought the same thing would work on you."

I roll on my hip, facing him. "You couldn't think of a better way?"

"It's the first thing I thought of when I ran out of the house." He shrugs, snuggling his body into mine. "I got in my car and drove straight here."

"But Aislin tracked your car to the field," I say. "She said your blood was everywhere."

His forehead creases with honest mystification. "That wasn't me Gemma." He points over his shoulder. "My car's in the driveway."

I stare at the outline of the cherry red Camaro. "I still can't believe you came here."

"I thought it would make you jealous," he says remorsefully. "Just like you are every time we're around Stasha."

I glower. "Jealousy is a horrible emotion."

"I had Nicholas plant some ideas into your head too, hoping you'd freak out, just like you are now." He gives a contrite kiss on my cheek. "I'm really sorry."

"How did you make him plant ideas in my head?" I ask. "The only things that led me to believe something was going on with you two is from my dreams and a particularly painful vision."

He scratches anxiously at his neck. "That serpent mark on the back of Nicholas' neck isn't what you think it is."

"The Foreseers didn't give it to him?"

"No, they did. But it's not just for creating snakes on your skin. He can invade your mind and make you see and believe things that aren't real."

"I'm going to wring his neck," I declare, remembering the intimate thoughts I had about Nicholas. "He made me think I was losing my mind."

He cocks an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"

"Nothing." I wave him off and push to my feet. I extend my hand and help him up. "How did you get him to cooperate?"

He dusts the grass off his jeans. "I've told you Gemma, he has a thing for you."

"That's the only reason he helped you?" I inquire. "Because he has a thing for me? Why am I not buying it?"

Nicholas materializes in the front door. "Because I'm a manipulative jerk, who you think very lowly of."

He struts down the stairs with a big smirk on his face. He catches me eyeing the bright red lipstick smearing his neckline. "Death Girl's lips aren't toxic, in case you were wondering."

"I wasn't." I observe Alex's reaction from the corner of my eye. He looks like he doesn't care at all. In fact, he appears to be relieved. I love the look. It makes me feel like I have his heart in the palm of my hand.

"Shall we go?" Nicholas sticks out his elbow.

I sigh, link my arm through his, and grab Alex's hand.

Alex slips his hand from mine. "We gotta take my car. I'm not leaving it here."

Nicholas rolls his eyes. "You want me to ride in a car? How ridiculous."

"You can do whatever you want. I only care about Gemma." He directs his attention to me. "Hold on a second. I left my keys on the table." He jogs up the stairs and vanishes inside.

I lean toward Nicholas' ear and lower my voice. "If you ever invade my mind again, I'll rip out your soul and feed it to the Banshees."

He jerks his head back, flabbergasted. "What did you say?"

I put my finger to my lips. "Shhh... it's our little secret. Because if you tell Alex, I will kill you."

"Alright," Alex says, arriving by my side. He pats his pocket. "I got my keys. Now let's get out of here."

I watch Nicholas like a dog eyeing a cat, making him fidget.

"Alright, let's go," Nicholas mutters, stomping for the car.

My lips curve into a grin. I snatch Alex's hand and practically skip to the car. We peel down Stasha's narrow driveway and a strange calming sensation devours me. I feel free, like I could conquer the world if I wanted to.

And maybe I will.

***

"What the hell happened?" Alex asks, dumbfounded.

We're standing in the Foyer, which hasn't been cleaned up since the sprite brawl went down. The front door's window is shattered, glass scattering the floor. The table beside the door is tipped over, one leg snapped off. The chandelier flickers, and the spot where it hooks into the ceiling is cracked.

"We had a bit of a faerie problem," I tell him, feeling like myself again. I'm not sure if it was the jealousy or my lengthy death, but for a moment I'd felt like the evil villain.

Nicholas waves at us. "Well, I'm going to go. I've had about all of the Keeper drama I can handle for the day."

"What about Aislin?" I ask. "You're the only one who can bring her back."

"I'll go pick her up and drop her off," he assures me, still jittery from my threat. "I'm keeping my distance for a while. I've told you everything you need to know about how to get your Foreseer power back, now you're on your own."

We let him walk out the door without a second glance. By the time the door slams shut, Alex has me in his arms, kissing and touching me passionately, wanting me so bad he can't stand it.

"Where's Aislin?" he asks between gasps. "Where's Nicholas bringing her back from?"

I kiss him deeply, my tongue caressing his. I taste his love and apprehension and it flames my skin. "From the Foreseer holding cell."

He pulls back quickly, leaving my lips hanging. "Why the hell is she there?"

"Don't worry." I smooth his worry line away with my thumb. "She's fine. I had Nicholas put her there until she can regain her mentality." When he arches an eyebrow, I add, "When we were in the Faerie Realm, she put a spell on herself so Luna couldn't force her to do a spell."

"What kind of a spell?"

"One that makes her stupid."

A thousand comebacks track his expression, but he blinks them away. "Okay, I'm going to just let that one go. It's too easy." He pauses. "And where's Laylen?"

My shoes crush the pieces of glass on the floor as I inch toward the stairway, pulling him with me. "Getting the Crystal of Limitation fixed." He reacts like I expected; his face enflaming, his shoulders stiffening, his gaze fierce. I put a finger across his lips. "Don't worry. I don't have my power back, so I can't even use it yet." I omit my knowledge that I know how to get my power back.

His shoulders relax. "I don't want you to use that thing. I read in that Foreseer book of yours that it's killed a ton of Foreseers because of its intense power."

"You've been reading my book?" I back up the stairs, guiding him by the hands.

"I wanted to learn more about who you are, and your power." He matches my steps. "You're so... careless sometimes. I just worry about you."

I reach the top of the stairway, my skin humming with an emotion I've never felt before. Boldly, I pull him to me and enfold my arms around his neck. "I missed you."

"I missed you too." He rubs his lips together. The color has returned to his skin and his eyes are vibrant. "A lot."

"Oh yeah?" I dare with an arch of my eyebrows. "How much?"

"A lot, a lot." He embraces me and it's just what I crave.

His lips beckon me near, which I do. We melt into each other. He picks me up and I hitch my legs around him. He carries me down the hall and kicks his bedroom door open, his lips never leaving mine. My body steams and my insides tingle as we collapse on the bed. I find the hem of his shirt, my fingers drafting the lines of his muscles. His lips are untamed against mine. A choking feeling seeps through my body and emotions creep up that make me uncomfortable. But I stifle the feeling and let go. I want more. His hands feel every part of me and he moans as his hand slides up my spine, bare skin against bare skin. He finds my Keeper's mark and caresses the flames bordering the circle. I gasp as his lips suck the skin on the hollow of my neck. He sweeps my locket to the side and his mouth travels lower.

"Alex." I gasp, not in objection, but in bliss.

He pulls away, panting heavy breaths, caught in the intoxicating moment. "We should get some rest... it's been a long couple of days."

Conquer. Conquer. Conquer. "Not yet," I beg. "I don't want to stop." I press my legs against his hips. "Please."

He sweeps pieces of my hair back and gently kisses my forehead. "We have time, Gemma. For all of this. But I don't think now's the right time. You were just pissed off at me for being with Stasha. You're not thinking clearly."

"I'm thinking clearer than I ever have," I mumble, but he still slides off me.

I glare at the ceiling, annoyed.

"I love you," he says, snuggling his head against my neck. "I'm not going anywhere."

I lie motionless as he drifts to sleep, exasperated and obsessing over power. The window swings ajar and a chilled wind rushes in. I slip out from under his arm and close it, but pause when I spot a bug on the branch. Carefully leaning over the windowsill, I scoop up the Black Widow, my phobia of spiders suddenly nonexistent. It's tranquil in my palm, like it belongs there. Maybe it does. I set it back on the branch and leave the window open. Stealing the keys from Alex's pocket, I slink out of the room and hurry outside. I hop in his car. The leather seats are cool against the back of my legs. Cranking up the radio, the lyrics of "Degausser" by Brand New pours through the cab of the car. I don't know where I'm going, but I have a feeling I'll know when I get there. Because at the moment, I don't think my mind's quite my own.

Chapter 23

It's midday, a couple of hours since I left the castle and Alex. When I first pull up to the structure, I'm not sure where I am. I take in the dark ambience of the windows, the grunginess of the building and the ones that surround it. Flowing in and out of the entrance, are people dressed in gothic-styled clothes with Greek hieroglyphics on their skin. I realize why I'm here.

"Laylen."

I climb out of the car, stuff the keys in my pocket, and step up onto the curb. People are lined up in front of the door like it's a fancy night club. There's even a bouncer with arms the size of my body and tattoos covering his bald head. Knowing I probably won't get in, I try anyway. Tipping my chin up, I stride with confidence for the velvet rope.

The bouncer gives me a once over and then stares at my eyes. "You Gemma?"

My confidence falters. "Yeah."

He unhooks the rope and steps aside. People waiting in line shoot me dirty looks and some even bare their fangs. Inside, the air reeks of cigar smoke, sweat, and rust. There's a mob of people chatting in a slender hallway with blood red walls and an ash black floor. I pat my empty pockets, wishing I had brought my cell phone.

There are vampires, witches, and fey all over the place. My first instinct is to shield my eyes with my hand. Back when Stephan ruled, my violet eyes were a dead giveaway I was the star. You're not the star anymore, though. You are a normal girl. One that will rule the world.

I shake the disturbing thought away and weave through the crowd of people. The end of the hall opens up into a large dancing area and a bar. I'm verging nineteen and wonder if I'm old enough to be in here. Although, if I'm not, I don't think anyone would care.

A woman no more than a few years older than me, wearing a bright pink dress dances on the countertop, holding a margarita glass. I think she might be dinner with the way a row of vampires watch her, dressed in their black clothes, mouths watering.

One of her high heels suddenly snaps and she nose-dives to the floor. The vampires lunge out of their stools, plummeting for her.

The floor vibrates under my feet as a large group of people sway to Deftone's "Change." I turn to head back, overwhelmed by the amount of people, most who aren't human, when someone rams into my shoulder.

"Oh my God, I'm so sorry." The women in the florescent pink dress stands beside me, pinching the stem of the margarita glass, the rim chipped and the base cracked. There are bite marks on her neck and blood stains the tip of her auburn hair. "I apologize for my misstep," she shouts over the music. "But I'm supposed to take you somewhere."

I shake my head, backing through the crowd. "Um... No thanks. I've gotta go."

"No, no, no, no, no." She drops the cup to the ground and it shatters. "I'm not going to hurt you, but you have to come with me, okay?" Without permission, she takes my arm and leads me through the crowd.

I consider bolting, but curiosity keeps me going. There's a stack of stairs that spiral to the ceiling. We wind up, the railing wobbling with our movements. The top merges with a hallway where the music dissipates the farther down we go. At the end is a door.

She lets go of my arm. "This is a really great place, isn't it?" She walks inside.

Smoke swirls around in my head and cold crackles my body. Laylen told me once that vampires like the cold temperature. I assume the men sitting at the elliptical shaped table are vampires. They hold cards in their hands and have stacks of poker chips in front of them.

I hug my arms around myself and stand in the doorway, gawking at them like an idiot. "Why did you bring me here?" I whisper to the girl, only to realize she's moved to the opposite side of the room.

She places her hands on the back of a chair. The person who occupies it has their head tipped down, scrutinizing the cards they were dealt. She cups her hand around his ear and whispers something to him. When he peers up, I about buckle over.

"Laylen." My jaw drops.

He grins lazily, his blue eyes burrowing under my skin. I shiver, heart knocking. My body centers to him. Suddenly I need to be near him. But not too fast. He needs to know he belongs to me, not the other way around. He grabs the back of the girl's head and slowly brings her neck to his lips. Sinking his teeth into her skin, he drinks until she stumbles. He releases her and wipes his bloody lips with the back of his hand. I want to run-find Aislin and Alex and tell them Laylen's having another meltdown. But my legs keep moving until I'm right beside his chair.

He dismisses the girl with a wave of his hand. "Hey beautiful," he says with a charming smile.

I smile back. He sets the cards face down on the table and pulls me onto his lap.

The man beside him waggles his eyebrows at me. He's young, no older than Laylen, with spiky black hair and eyes like a storm. My hand takes on a life of its own and I reach over and slap him on the face.

His fair skin reddens. He tosses the cards on the table and the room hushes. "Who brought this little bitch in here?" His anger makes me feel powerful.

"What do you think?" Laylen asks me. "Should I make him suffer? Or kill him?"

"Make him suffer," I answer, tracing my finger along his jaw. "Forever." I slide off his lap and wait.

"He can't hurt me, little girl." The vampire snaps his fangs at me.

Seconds tick by while Laylen studies his fingernails. "What'd you think? Has it been long enough?"

I tip my head back and laugh. "Sure."

Like lightening, Laylen clobber's the guy, sealing his hand around the guy's throat.

"Please don't kill me," the vampire begs, clutching Laylen's hand. "I'm sorry."

"Say it to her," Laylen growls, his fangs pointing from his deep red lips. "Not me."

"I'm s-sorry," he stutters. "I didn't mean it. I swear I didn't."

Laylen glances at me. "Is he forgiven?"

I tilt my head and stare at the vampire. Tears streak his face as he looks pleadingly into my eyes.

"Please don't kill me," he sobs.

I pat him on the head and he shuts his eyes, his shoulders quivering. "Let him go," I tell Laylen.

Laylen obeys and backs away. The guy cowers back and ducks under the table, rocking and cradling his legs. The rest of the room scoots back from the table. Rising to their feet, they bow their heads.

"What happened to them hating you?" I ask Laylen. "What did you do to change it?"

His mouth curves to a grin. "I brought you here." He gestures at the room. "This is all for you, Gemma. They respect you, because they know who you are."

I take in the somber scenery of the room. "And who am I?"

"You're the Queen's connection to the Human Realm," he says. "You're the one who will free her."

My gaze runs along the line of vampires. "And who are they?"

"They're your Lost Souls." He twirls a strand of my hair around his finger.

I run my fingers along his lips and hook my pinky through his lip ring. "And who are you?"

He licks his lips and my finger. "I think you already know that."

I draw my hand back. "You're Alexander Avery's connection."

Chapter 24

I feel like a new person. I'm still Gemma, but with power and a need for control. My heart is bruised with a love I never felt. I want revenge-I want the world in the palm of my hand.

Laylen and I leave the club. I'm the driver to our next destination, because I know where we're going. My hands grip the steering wheel as my possessed mind leads us to our next objective.

"Did you fix the Crystal of Limitation?" I make a sharp turn and veer off the highway. I don't bother to slow down and the car fishtails from the alteration of asphalt to dirt.

Laylen kicks his boots up on the dashboard. "Yeah, I did. Emmelus wasn't very cooperative." He cracks his knuckles and smiles to himself. "But I made it work."

"So where is it?" I throttle the gas pedal, accelerating quickly up a steep hill.

"Somewhere safe." He playfully pinches my thigh. "Don't worry Gemma. We'll pull this off."

"Pull what off, though." I mull. "I feel like everything's important-my power, freeing my dad, doing what Helena wants. But I still don't get it completely. I mean, why you? Why not possess Alex?"

He shifts his arm onto the console. "You'll find out soon enough."

Right then, we arrive at the field where Alex and I practice fighting. I slam on the brakes, grinding to a jolting stop. Laylen drops his legs from the dash and hops out of the car. He whistles happily as we walk to the middle of the field, where the dry grass is compressed and the flowers slowly crumble to death. It's troubling how happy he is. But the sick twisted part of me likes it.

"So are you ready?" He nibbles at his bottom lip, devouring me with his eyes. "Because this is all for you."

"For me?" I doubt. "Or for Helena?"

He doesn't respond and gazes up at the dark grey sky. Clouds have swept in and thunder crashes. Blue and silver flickers of lightening touch down. The ground beneath us matches the rhythm. I close my eyes as the dirt hollows open. I feel the transfer in the air, the darkness, the imminent power. When I open my eyes, the willow tree has risen like a vampire out its coffin.

Same scenery. Different Characters. But this is what the dream was telling me.

Red and white rose petals funnel around us. Annabella emerges from under the tree, her red lips sealed with a secret. She wears a white flowing dress that flaps in the wind as she ambles toward us. Lightening highlights her silver eyes, which change as she gets closer. Gradually, she transforms into Helena. Her legs elongate, her eyes void into her head, and her honey hair shimmers like gold.

"Helena," I curtsy like a puppet.

Helena sticks out her hand and Laylen kisses it. "You made it up here," he says to her.

"For a moment." She purses her lips, taking in the world. "I won't be able to stay long. I can already feel it taking a toll on me-my body's withering." Her skin crinkles like a wilting rose petal.

I snatch a petal between my fingers. "Why were you disguised as Annabella? And how did you possess me?"

She's stunned by my reaction. "Apparently you're not fully possessed yet." She gapes her mouth open, like she's going to eat me.

Laylen barricades his body between us. "Don't be too hard on her. She's here isn't she?"

The Queen's eyes shoot daggers. "The thing with mortals is that they can't understand immortal power. Take for instance, creating new breeds." She waves her hand and a mob of Lost Souls swish out from beneath the canopy of the branches. They're the strange looking ones, desiccated and wispy. "You find a way, Gemma." She paces in front of us, her hands overlain behind her. "Sure I had to correlate with Lucinda." Her murderous gaze narrows at Laylen. "She would give anything to have Alexander back, something I used to my advantage. I convinced her to create Lost Soul hybrids and create a loophole for your immunity against a Lost Soul possession. We did a little test run on you while you were down in The Underworld, but it still didn't work completely. You're too powerful, which is why I like you."

That explains the weird connection I feel with The Underworld. "But I'm immune against death possession. And your death."

"Not with Annabella inside me." She smirks proudly. "Essence is life in a sense, therefore, my last and final loophole."

"Why me, though?" I wave my hand at Laylen. "And why him?"

"Because your soul is the only one powerful enough to make this happen. You know, I've never lost a soul before, until you." She eyes Laylen. "And I chose him due to his insignificance. I need someone for Alexander-for my Lost Soul that I can't entirely control. Alexander still shares some love for my sisters, but he will be mine. And I don't want to rule the world alone. If I'd have chosen Alex, your bond would have gotten in the way. You two would have probably ended up possessing the world on your own." She shakes her head and chuckles at the idea. "But now I have you and Alex is a human-he's vulnerable by his love." She inches her face closer to mine, petals encrusting her hair. "You can control him, which is just what I need."

I hate her plan and I hate that I have to go along with it. I could run, free myself from her. But I'm her puppet now, bound by invisible strings only she can control.

"You'll have fun with this," she promises with a wicked glint in her hollow eyes. "Think about it. For your entire life you've been joined to another by blood. But now you're free. You can have anyone you want."

My gaze flits to Laylen, who watches me with passion. It makes me uneasy, yet alive at the same time. He's Aislin's. No, he's yours. I think about touching him, running my fingers down his lean arms. But I won't give in.

"Fight it all you want," she says and I want to claw her eyes out for doing this to me. "You'll give in eventually, which is just what I want." She turns her back on us sidling for the willow tree. "Men are toys, Gemma. Nothing more. The sooner you learn that, the easier things will be."

Once she's secured under the shelter of the branches, she gives one last satisfied smile and then the tree excavates into the ground. She leaves the hybrid Lost Souls behind, who wait for instructions. Helena didn't leave any, but my mind's connected to hers now, and I know what I'm supposed to do.

"Go on," I tell them. "Go find yourself some bodies to possess." They soar to the air, happy and eager to ruin many lives. "And good ones too-ones that will help us."

Laylen threads his fingers through my hand. "What now beautiful?"

I hike for the car, steering him with me. "Now we get my Foreseer power back."

He weaves around a large bush, never letting go of my hand. "What for?"

I sigh, hating the plan, but also loving it. "So I can free my father." I pause and he looks at me enquiringly. "Because without him, I won't be able to alter Helena's vision-the one that will free her from The Afterlife and give her Alexander."

Chapter 25

Alex is sitting on the front porch steps when we drive up to the castle. There's a cup of coffee steaming beside his hip. He's wearing faded jeans, no shirt, and the sun highlights the definitions in his bare chest. There are remnants of my bite marks on the base of his throat. The flames of the Keeper's mark ripple with the movement of his muscles as he stands to greet us.

"You left this morning." He nods at his car. "And you stole my car."

I hand him the keys and bat my eyelashes at him. "Sorry, I really needed to borrow it." Weird. The only time I've batted my eyelashes is when something's been stuck in them.

His eyebrows furrow and he shoves the keys into his pocket. "Where'd you go?"

Laylen speaks for me. "She had to come and pick me up." He struts by Alex, intentionally clipping his shoulder. "I was having a bit of a blood thirst relapse and this beautiful girl helped me out, just like she did last time."

"Which time?" Alex grits through his teeth, fists clenched.

Laylen smirks, raising his eyebrows implying.

My lips stutter over and over again as I try to spit out that it isn't what he's thinking. "It's n-not-I can't-he didn't..." I stomp my foot as Helena's voice cackles in my head.

Laylen knocks his shoulder into Alex's one more time before vanishing into the castle.

Alex turns to me, baffled. "Is he okay?"

I nod. "There was a little incident, but it wasn't bad."

He judges my neck and wrists. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah." I give his hand a gentle squeeze and force a smile. "I'm fine. It's not what you think."

Relief washes over him. Gripping my hand, he takes us into the foyer. The glass has been cleaned up, the end table repaired, and there's plastic covering the broken front door window.

"Aislin came back today," he says. "She distracted herself by cleaning up."

"Did she get the realm shut down in her closet?"

"What realm?"

I pull a whoops face and my shoulders slump. "I thought you knew about that."

He trots up the stairs, not releasing my hand, and barges into Aislin's room. Aislin's folding clothes on her bed, a frown on her makeup free face. She wears a baggy t-shirt and some frayed denim shorts.

"What's your problem?" Alex does a double take at her untidy appearance.

She folds a pink t-shirt and drops it onto a stack of shirts. "I'm tired, okay. Being stupid is exhausting. I kept doing these weird things and my brain wouldn't shut up with mundane thoughts."

Alex charges for the closet and I shout as he jerks the door open. My voice trails off at the sight of the bare closet, crammed with hangers and clothes, but no sprites.

"You shut it down?" I ask her.

Her throat bobbles as she swallows hard. She absentmindedly picks up a pair of jeans. "Yep, it's shut down."

Alex slams the closet door. "Aislin, we're going to get Aleesa out of there, but we have to do it the smart way, okay? No more portals or sprites."

She nods, frowning and avoiding his gaze. She's holding a secret.

"It's okay," he tells her. "We all make mistakes."

"Some just worse than others." Laylen stands in the entranceway, a hand placed on each side of the doorframe. "Isn't that right, Alex?"

Alex gives him a bored expression. "I don't know what the hell your problem is, but you need to chill the heck out. What is it? The lingering sensation of blood or something?"

"What?!" Aislin cries, clutching a lavender skirt in her hand. "You drank blood again?"

Laylen's hands drift from the doorframe. He brushes by Alex and me, heading for Aislin's bed.

"It was a onetime slip up, baby." He lays it on real thick. He kisses her forehead and his lips trace little flutters down her jawline. I want to hit her. Or at least Helena does.

"Laylen," she pushes on his chest, protesting. "You can't just kiss me and everything's fine."

"Why not?" Laylen mumbles, lips humming along her neck.

Alex nods his head at the door. "Let's give them some privacy."

I vacillate and then follow. My top agenda is to get a poor little soul to commit themselves to the crystal ball in the center of the City of Crystal. And I know the perfect soul. The evil laughs inside me and the good gasps in horror. I wonder how long it will be until I only hear one voice. And which one will it be?

We wander to Alex's room where he tries to pull me down on the bed, ready for a little lip action.

I shake my head, pinning him down to the bed. "I can't right now. I have a dirty deed I gotta take care of."

He cocks an eyebrow, his hands sneaking up the front of my shirt. "What kind of dirty deed?"

I snatch hold of his hands right as they reach the bottom of my bra. A craving burns in me. I fling his hands up above his head, confining them. "I said not now. Later, after I take care of something." I let go and back up. "I'll be back in a while." His mouth hangs open as I leave the room.

At the edge of the lake, I rest on the shore. The sand is rough against my skin and the icy water seeps through my shoes. Lucinda's pet fey searches the edge of the water for me, pissed off, knowing what I really am. A Black Widow scurries in a tree branch, weaving an intricate web in the leaves. I shut my eyes, picturing exactly what I want. "Nicholas, Nicholas, where are you?" Somehow I know he can hear me.

***

"You rang?"

My head is packed with darkness, but Nicholas' voice is as real as it gets.

"I thought that might work," I say, turning in the darkness. "I'm seriously starting to wonder if you sit around all day waiting for me to doze off."

"Yep, you caught me Gemma." His voice is rich with sarcasm. "I sit around all day pining for you. Honestly, I think it's the other way around."

"Sure you do." My eyes are like a cat's, darting through the dark until I spot the outline of his medium build. Skulking near him, I capture his hand without him knowing. "You're right. I'm secretly in love with you. I dream about you all day and night. I can't help myself."

"Your sarcasm is completely uncalled for." I trace the creases between his fingers and his heart accelerates. I smile wickedly at myself. "Can you do me a favor? Can you take me somewhere?"

"Now why would I do that?" He pretends to be cool, but his voice is off pitch.

I trail my finger up his arm and hook it in the collar of his shirt, summoning him closer. "I think the question is why wouldn't you?"

Every muscle in his body stiffens and I know I have him. "Where do you want to go?"

"To your house," I say innocently.

"You can't go into the City of Crystal." His voice cracks. "Not without breaking the rules."

"So break them," I brush a finger across his lips. "For me."

His breathing quickens. "Okay." He surrenders faster than he ever has. He takes my hand and dances us away to the front of his crystal house. He starts to run for the door, elation in his steps, as if he thinks something magical is about to happen. And it is. For me anyway.

I direct my feet to the middle of the city where the colossal crystal ball fires energy.

"Where are you going?" he calls out.

I don't answer, picking up my pace. My sandals clink on the glass floor as I zigzag up the path. Nicholas stumbles after me, demanding that I stop-that he'll get in trouble. I ignore him, knocking the door off the hinges as I storm inside the room.

The ball infernos as radiantly as I remember. Chains and tubes twine human bodies to the magnificent crystal. Each person is silent, stuck in a stupor of energy suckage. My body comes alive at the sight.

Nicholas crashes into me. "You're going to get caught," he pants, his arms coming down violently on my shoulders. "Dyvinius will know you're in here."

"I'll be long gone before he does." I c*ck my head to the side, fascinated by the bodies and the way the tubes feed off their blood and convert it into energy.

He tugs on my shoulder, wanting me to face him. I do, but only because I want to.

"What is wrong with you?" His chest heaves in fear as he looks straight into my eyes. "You're possessed aren't you? Alex was right. God, I can't believe it."

I lick my lips. "Your fear is fitting."

His golden eyes smolder. "I'm not afraid of you."

"Of course you are," I say with assurance. My hand snaps forward and my nails dig into his wrist. "Now prepare yourself."

His eyebrows join together. "For what?"

"For the worst pain you're ever going to feel." I unhinge my jaw and open my mouth. With one deep breath, I blow out a Black Widow from my mouth. It discharges through the air and lands on Nicholas' throat. The real Gemma throws up all over the ground. I elevate my head up and Nicholas drops to the floor with bite marks on his Adam's apple. The Black Widow scampers across the floor, disappearing in the light of the crystal.

Black Widow bites are severely painful and can be lethal to humans. But he isn't human. He's fey. Which is good, because I don't want him dead. I still need his energy. I grab him by the foot and drag him over to the crystal. Finding a bare spot, I heave him to his feet and incline him against the crystal. Securing him with the chain, I pierce his skin with my fingernail. His blood trickles out and I insert the tubes into his skin. The ball flares with adrenaline and I suck Nicholas' blood off my pinky. The crystal releases my Foreseer power and I tip my head back, high on adrenaline.

I wiggle my fingers at the unconscious Nicholas and stroll out the door. With a blink of my eyes, I foresee my way back home and move along with Helena's plan. Ready to rain fire down on anyone who gets in my way.

Chapter 26

My skull feels like its split in two, my body aches, and there's a strange burning on the back of my neck. My body slams into an invisible wall, over and over again. Voice flutter around me. I spasm, my mind flinching madly as I try to return to my body.

"Don't force it. You have to gain control." The distant voice belongs to my father.

"What's happening?" I moan in pain.

Silence.

"Dad." My voice switches. "Julian."

"I want to talk to my daughter," he says. "Or I won't tell you how to free yourself."

"Free me from what?" Helena asks snidely. "No one can trap me."

"Gemma's body's been moved into the castle," he answers, anger threatening his tone. "There's praesidium there and she can't return to her body. Not without my help. And I won't give it to her unless I can directly talk to her."

I consider my options, the line between Helena and myself fading fast. "You have one minute."

My body scorches as she lets me take over. "Dad, where am I?"

"You're stuck, Gemma." He pauses. "Not just with Helena, but here. Your bodies back in the castle."

"Why? What happened?"

He doesn't answer. "I'm worried about you. You're doing things that are going to get you trapped in the Room of Forbidden."

"That's not me," I tell him. "Helena... I can't think clearly when she's in my head. It's like I'm not even myself anymore."

"I know. But you're going to have to try harder or you're going to end up stuck in your owned mind for eternity, just like me."

"You won't be stuck forever," I promise. "I'm going to free you."

"No!" He snaps. "You can't let me out. I can't change that vision for Helena. Ever. Do you understand?"

"Not really," I admit. "I mean, we won against Stephan and I'm sure we can handle the Queen of the Lost Souls."

"Do you remember what happened when you changed the vision back? The one I altered?"

I nod. "Vampires, Fey, and Witches took over the world."

"Now imagine that, only with Lost Souls," he presses, "possessing whoever they want."

The severity clicks. "But for how long? I can't let you stay trapped in the Room of Forbidden forever."

He doesn't respond.

"Dad! Don't leave! Please."

"I'm sorry," he says. "But this is going to hurt."

I crumple to the ground as my body ignites with flames. By skin chars, my blood boils. I scream. "Help me!"

***

When I open my eyes, I'm not on fire. But the pain still lingers. I'm lying in my bed, my arms entwined above my head and secured by a chain to a bar on a headrest. "What the hell?"

"Did you really think I wouldn't know?" Alex stands at the foot of my bed, gripping the bars, knuckles white as he struggles to control his rage. My locket dangles from his fingers. The sugelite stone in the center protects me from magical harm, which makes me wonder what's coming. "I love her more than anything and somehow you thought you could walk around in her body and go unnoticed."

"Who do you think I am?" I writhe my arms and legs, the metal links clawing at my skin. "Alex, let me go! What's wrong with you?!"

His eyes stay on me as he crawls over the foot of the bed. Sitting on my legs, he immobilizes them. "How did you do it? How did you get to her? I thought she was protected from your possession."

"Alex, I don't know what you're talking about." Hot tears spill down my cheeks. "Please."

He shakes his head. "That's not going to work this time. I know who you really are. You think you're so powerful, but how much power do you have, really? I mean, you can't walk out of The Afterlife on your own."

I stop crying, my expression blanking. "Well aren't you clever?"

"And there you are." He leans over me, his eyes darkening. "I knew that would get to you."

I start to laugh. "You can't win this one, Alex Avery. I know you won't hurt her and as long as I control her, you can't hurt me either."

He looks jumbled, probably because I'm talking in different persons.

"What's the matter?" I bite on my bottom lip, rolling my h*ps up. "Are you confused? Or is it that deep down, you really like that you finally have me tied down to your bed?"

He scowls. "You're not Gemma."

I shift my leg against his inner thigh. "How do you know?'

He tips his head down inches away from my face and his fingers track down my forearms. "Because of this thing right here." His thumb caresses my wrist, over the star tattoo. "Love. I'm sure you know the word, right?"

I hiss. "Avery's don't know how to love."

He leans back. "No, Avery's don't know how to love an evil queen who hangs out all day with the dead." He sighs and jumps off the bed. "Aislin, she's awake."

The door creaks open. Aislin enters, appearing like her normal self, her golden hair a ringlet of curls around her pink cheeks. She wears a yellow sundress embroidered with white daisies.

"Why's she here?" I growl, exposing my teeth like I have fangs.

"Ever heard of an exorcism?" Aislin wiggles her fingers, lighting them with a red glow. "Now I won't do one per se, since I'm not a priest or anything, but I'm going to do the witch version of it."

I laugh sharply. "I'm not a demon or a spirit. You're going to have to do better than that." I shift my leg over and take a kick at her.

She hops back, her eyes extensive. "Wow. She's really mean."

"She's not Gemma, Aislin," Alex says impatiently. "Now would you get on with it?"

Aislin mimics him with a snotty attitude. "Fine, jeez." Her eyes goal on me. "I'm really sorry." She shuts her eyes and thrust her hands out in front of her. "Hoc impii ire. Nisi hanc ex omnibus dolor. Veniat ad nos." Her hands tremor and her head judders from side to side. Her voice bellows, "Hoc impii ire. Nisi hanc ex omnibus dolor. Veniat ad nos!"

An invisible needle pricks at my heart. I gasp, my shoulders rolling back as my chest arches for the ceiling.

"Hoc impii ire. Nisi hanc ex omnibus dolor. Veniat ad nos!" Aislin shouts again, her eyes snapping open. A haunting glow pierces from her hands and into my skin.

I scream, my limbs convulsing as my body rocks. From the foot of the bed, Alex watches, horrified, longing to touch me.

"Don't do it," Aislin warns him, sensing his need. "You'll ruin the spell."

He crosses his arms and tucks his hands tightly under his armpits. "Just hurry, okay?"

Whooshing her hands up, Aislin plunges a red streak of magic at me. It blankets my body, searing it with heat. I scream, ears ringing, head pounding, my body wanting to split in two.

"It's working, I think." Aislin's voice is far away.

My body thrashes, my mouth salivates, my eyes clamp tight.

"Is it hurting her?"

"Probably."

My body stills like a statue.

"Aislin, she looks... she looks dead."

Someone shifts closer. I wait, motionless, until I feel a breath on my cheek. My eyelids fire open. Aislin hovers above me, her eyes searching for a sign of who I am.

So I give it to her, nipping my teeth at her cheek. She leaps back, shaking her head.

"It didn't work," she tells Alex apologetically, wiping the sweat from her forehead. "I'm so sorry Alex."

"Then it's on to Plan B." He reaches in his pocket, but Aislin snatches his arm.

"No. I won't let you do it," she says. "It's too dangerous."

Alex offers her a sympathetic look. "It's not your decision. I have to do it."

Tears slip from her bright green eyes. "It might not work... and if it doesn't, then you'll be... you'll be..."

"Dead," Alex finishes for her. "And if that's what it takes, then that's what it takes. I sacrificed my life for her once, and I'll do it again in a heartbeat."

With a heart wrenching look, she lets his arm go. She backs into the corner, hugging her arms around herself, tears staining her cheeks. Sliding his hand out of his pocket, Alex keeps his eyes on me. Grasped in his fingers is a syringe filled with a clear liquid.

"Are you insane?" I laugh maliciously. "You think that will kill me."

He shakes his head sadly. "No. I know it won't." He bites off the cap and spits it onto the floor. Taking a deep breath, he aims the needle at his chest.

Something sparks inside my heart. "You won't do it. Humans fear death more than anything."

He inches the needle closer. "Not this human. The only thing I fear is life without her."

My shoulders twitch as sparks shock my chest again and this time it's more intensified. "I'm calling your bluff," I choke, hacking up a Black Widow. "You don't have it in you."

His hand trembles as he sinks the needle into his skin. Every one of my nerve endings rage wildly. He waits, but I don't speak-I can't speak. Don't do it. He can die now. Don't let him die. When he realizes I might not say anything, his breathing panics out in spasms. He nods, ready to go through with it.

Aislin lets out a hysterical weep. "Alex! Stop!"

But it's too late. He starts to inject the medicine into his heart. And that's when it all comes rushing back to me.

Alex and I. The hide out. Violet flowers. Love. Blood Promise. Forever. Everything I've ever felt surges through me and jumpstarts my emotions.

I scream at the top of my lungs. "Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop. It's me. It's me. Alex stop!"

He gags as he wrenches the needle out of his heart, blood soaking his shirt. He pants, his skin paling as his glossy eyes travel to the bloody needle in his hand. "Damn it..." His breath slips away and he crumples to the floor.

A heart dying scream erupts from my lips. "Aislin! Untie me! Please. He can die now!"

Aislin buckles over Alex's body with her head tucked down and manic sobs croak from her mouth. "He's dead, Gemma. He's dead."

"No he's not!" I cry, tears inundating my eyes. I tug on the chains until they puncture my skin, until blood overflows my wrists, until I feel the pain unconditionally. "Aislin, please untie me. I need to be with him."

She appears over me, eyes swollen, tears streaking her cheeks. Sucking in a deep breath, she unlocks the chains. I spring free, scramble over the edge of the bed, and stumble over to him. His eyes are open, vacant, his arms and legs are sprawled on the floor. He has no breath. No heartbeat. I cover my body over his and sob, tears blotting his shirt.

"Please wake up."

But the only response I get is the sound of my own dying heart.

Chapter 27

Aislin tries to pry me off him. "Gemma, come on. You have to move. This isn't healthy."

I cling to him like he's my life and shake her off. "Leave me alone. Please." I hear her leave. I lay motionless in the dark. The moon haunts the sky and the branches of the trees scratch the window. My cheek's pressed to Alex's chest with false hope that it will start beating again. Part of me had doubted Lucinda, but Alex's body is turning ice cold.

"I'm so sorry," I whisper. "This is all my fault. I never should have gone to The Afterlife."

Heavy boots clunk against the floor. Laylen kneels beside me. "No, it's not."

"Are you... are you yourself again?" I whisper softly.

"Aislin's spell worked on me." He rubs my back comfortingly. "And this isn't your fault. It's mine. I'm the one who drove out to the field that night. I don't even know why I did it."

"Probably because you were possessed," I mumble. "Just like Alex was-just like I was."

He doesn't say anything and his hand continuously smoothes my back and my hair.

I shut my eyes with handfuls of Alex's shirt grappled in my hands. "You should go check on Aislin. She's probably falling apart too."

"Are you sure?" he checks tentatively.

"Yeah, I'm fine. I just want to stay with him for a little longer, okay?"

He kisses the top of my head. Seconds later, he leaves the room and the door closes. Time slips by and I don't plan on moving anytime soon, if ever. I'll lie here forever, never letting go. Otherwise, I'll have to face the reality that Alex is gone. And I don't ever want to endure those emotions.

"Gemma." His voice startles me.

I lean back quickly, blinking through the tears. "Alex?"

His eyes shimmer like emeralds in the moonlight. He gasps, oxygen returning to his chest. His heart thumps, connecting with mine. I feel alive again.

"You're alive," I sob, wiping the tears from my face with the back of my hand. "That means Lucinda was lying."

He shakes his head disoriented. "No, she wasn't lying. I died, but I..." He sits up, clutching his head. "She sent me back here."

"Who?" I run my hands up his arms, my fingers needing to touch him. "Annabella? Does that mean she's free from Helena?"

"No, Helena let me go." He lets his hand fall from his head. "She's taken over the Essences now and she let me go for some weird reason. Why did she let me go?"

"Because you're supposed to be my puppet," I say absentmindedly.

"Huh?" He blinks his eyes confoundedly. "Your puppet? Gemma, what are talking about?"

"Nothing. Never mind." I gently loop my arms around his neck, because he's still fragile from death. "I don't want to talk about Helena now. I'm just glad your-" My voice squeaks and I clear my throat. "I'm just glad your back."

"But why?" Alex obsesses, fiddling with the hole in his shirt where the needle entered. "Why would she let me go like that? And if she did, does that mean I'm a Protected One now?"

"I'm not sure. Maybe..." I drag my fingers through his hair, breathing in his musky scent. "You died just to bring me back. Why... why would you do that?"

He meets my eyes, powerful and intense. "Why wouldn't I do it? I love you, Gemma, more than my life."

I straddle his lap and burrow my head in his neck, loving him more than I ever have. "I'm sorry I did it. I'm sorry I ever went to The Afterlife."

He hooks a finger under my chin and tips my head up. "It wasn't your fault. You were just trying to save Laylen. But please, please, please don't ever do it again. You risk too much all the time, always getting in the middle of things."

I nod, but it feels like a lie. For some reason, I sense that I'll be the one to bring a storm of death down on the world.

He delicately traces my lips. "I saw some stuff when I died. About you and me." He picks my locket up from the floor and fastens it around my neck.

"Bad stuff?" I kiss the tip of his finger. Then lean in and kiss the line of his jaw.

"Gemma..." He groans as I suck on a sensitive spot on his skin. "We have to talk about this."

"In a little while," I beg, desperate to be with him. I thought he was dead and every doubt I had about our relationship, our connection, has evaporated. "I just want to be with you right now."

His face looks sad in the moonlight, as if he's baring agonizing secrets. But he gives me what I want, cupping the back of my neck and bringing my lips to his. His chest rumbles with a low growl as I suck his bottom lip into my mouth. He tries to stand up with me positioned on his lap, but he's weak and his legs falter. I slide off and take his hand, leading him to the bed. The back of my legs brink the edge of the bed and I tumble backwards, pulling him down with me. He steadies himself with his hands, only a sliver of space left between our bodies. I eliminate the space by arching my body.

"Gemma." He's breathless, eyes wild and needy. "I'm not sure... I think we should... How am I sure Helena's gone for good?"

My gaze bores powerfully into his and that's all he needs. He rips his shirt off and tosses it on the floor, dazzling me with the sight of his broad chest and defined arms. His voice growls out untamed, "We're going to talk about this later, though."

"Okay." I bite my bottom lip, repressing a smile.

His lips smother mine and we fade into the night.

***

"I need to find a way to save Nicholas." It's been hours of kissing and touching. My lips are swollen and my cheek's resting against his bare chest. The blankets are pulled over us and our bodies radiate heat. Outside the sun leisurely embarks over the mountains, tinting the land with a buttery glow.

His fingers play with my hair as he angles his head back and peers down at me through his long eyelashes. "Save Nicholas from what?"

I pull a guilty face. "While I was under Helena's orders, I made him take me to the City of Crystal and used him to get my powers back. He strapped to the giant ball in the City of Crystal."

He inclines over me and sweeps my hair to the side of my neck. "Oh my God... you're being serious."

"Of course I'm being serious," I say. "Why would I kid about that?"

He leans away, shaking his head. "I just have to say that you are a really mean evil villain."

"That wasn't me," I gripe. "That was Helena... everything was Helena." I cringe, recollecting certain thoughts I had about Laylen. "All Helena."

"I know." He eyes me like he knows my secrets. "Okay, so we try to get Nicholas out of there. Then what?"

"Do you want to tell me what you saw when you died?" I place a hand on his cheek and his stubble is rough against my palm.

He flinches at the remembrance. "I think what I saw... it was our future, but I'm not completely sure."

"It was bad," I assume.

He nods, swallowing hard. "We weren't together."

"That's not possible," I assure him with fire in my veins. "It can't be our future then."

He pins his lips together, staring out at the sunlight sparkling over the land. "It felt real... like I was standing there really watching it."

"It sounds like a vision." My pulse accelerates. "You don't... you don't have a Foreseer mark by chance?"

He shakes his head and his pain envelops me.

"Alex, will you please tell me what you saw," I plead.

He shuts his eyes and breathes deeply. "You were... you were with Laylen and I was dead."

Chapter 28

"It's not going to happen," I tell him firmly. "You're not going to die and Laylen and I... we're just friends."

"I know that." His glossy eyes flick open. "Well, I know you wouldn't be with Laylen."

"Helena's gone. I promise she is." I roll on my back, tugging my shirt down, which was shoved up all the way over my bra. "And we'll find a way to get her out of this world. And all her Lost Souls."

"All of them? How many are there?"

I sigh, shamefaced, and tell him what my evil mind did during its brief trip to the dark side. Well, with the exception of Laylen's and mine's overly close relationship. Thank God we didn't actually do anything.

"Jesus Christ," are the first words that leave his lips. "So anyone can be possessed? We don't even know who's themself anymore?"

"I'm not sure." I trace the lines of the star on his wrist, giving myself a sense of security. "They could be destroyed now that Helena no longer has control of me, but I doubt it."

"Me too. Nothing's ever that easy." His lips begin to part. "Gemma, I-"

The door flies open and Aislin comes bustling in. "Problem!" She screams so loud my ears ring. She stutters at the sight of her bother, fully alive. "Oh my God! You're alive."

"Yeah, I-" Alex's voice is silenced by the stampede of sprites charging through the door, ruining their hallmark moment. He curses and leaps out of bed. "I thought I told you to shut that portal down!" He dropkicks a nubby sprite and it flies out the door, crashing into a chandelier.

Aislin dashes beside me. Her pink pajama bottoms are torn at the knee and one of the sleeves is ripped from her thermal shirt. "I did shut it down!"

We scramble, kicking sprites as they take nips and swings at us. Some have wings, some florescent skin. Short, round, pointed teeth; not a single one of them match.

"Then what the heck happened?!" I shout, dropping flat on the ground as a sprite zooms for my head. I jump up and kick one galloping toward me. It hits the ceiling light and falls to the bed, unconscious.

"I screwed up." Her hands light up, ready to cast a spell. Alex shoots her a sharp look. "I think I accidently freed Luna."

I freeze, gaping at her. "What?"

Alex has a sprite by the hair, ready to throw it out the door. "You did what?"

A sprite slams into my legs and knocks me to the ground. My chin and elbows bang against the stone floor and my jaw cracks. "Why you little-" I smash my shoe into its small body and it hits the wall, its big eyes crossing as it sinks to the floor. I push up and pop my jaw into place, wincing.

"It wasn't my fault!" she cries. "The spell was supposed to protect me, but it backfired!"

"If I had a penny for every time you said that, I'd be filthy rich," Alex says ruthlessly.

"Stop it," I intervene. "We've all messed up a thousand times. And right now we just need to get the hell out of here!"

Our eyes dart to the doorway where sprites pile inside and line the wall. Luna promenades in, grinning from ear to ear. She's as tall as my hip and her hair is a dark purple that matches her floral dress. Her skin glitters like the red teardrop pendant on her necklace.

"Wait a minute." I squint at the necklace. "I've seen that before." Before I can sift through my memories to figure it out, Alex picks me up, throws me over his shoulder, and kicks open the window. I'm stunned, until I see Luna rising, taller, and taller, her head finally reaching the ceiling. I guess Nicholas wasn't lying. Fey do have multiple identities.

Alex doesn't miss a beat as he leaps out the window and crashes to the ground, his Keeper strength softening the fall. Aislin follows after us, diving out backwards, and shooting balls of light from her hands.

I climb off Alex's shoulders and we race for the car. Luna bursts though the slope of the roof and shrieks at the top of her lungs. Birds flurry from the trees and sprites heap out of the house, charging across the lawn. We hop in Alex's car, me on the console, and Aislin in the passenger seat.

Aislin unnecessarily locks the door. "Go! Go!"

Alex revs the engine and Chevelle's "I Get It" blasts out the speakers. We skid down the driveway. Over my shoulder, I spot a giant Luna hurtling after us.

"What does she want?!" I holler over the music. I turn around as Alex shifts gears. The force throws me backwards into the rear seat. I whirl around, my eyes glued to Luna. She thwacks trees out of her way and tramples over her sprites. Suddenly, she skids to a halt, her feet whipping up dirt and rocks. Her dark eyes watch us, her skin gleaming like a disk in the sunlight. I watch her until Alex rounds the corner and she disappears out of view. I turn around and slump against the seat, my heart knocking against my chest.

Alex turns the volume down to a low hum. "Does anyone know what just happened?"

"She wanted something from one of us," I state, and then pause. "Wait. Where's Laylen?"

Alex starts to push on the breaks, but Aislin stops him. "Don't worry. He went to town this morning." She slides her cell phone out of her pocket. "I'll text him and let him know what's going on."

Alex accelerates, flying onto the main highway that laps around the mountains. He checks on me through the rearview mirror. "Are you okay?"

I nod, twirling my locket. "There was something about the pendant Luna had on... I've seen it before."

Aislin rotates in her seat. "What did it look like?"

"It was teardrop shaped," I say. "And red. It kind of reminded me of blood."

Aislin's eyebrows dip together. She scrolls through the screen on her phone, punching buttons. "Did it look like this?"

I take the phone and stare at the picture of a necklace wrapped around a woman's neck. The pendant hanging on the gold chain looks exactly like Luna's. "Yeah, that's it." I give her the phone back. "What is it?"

Aislin frowns and reads her screen. "It's called a Cornu Lepore."

"And what does this Cornu Lepore do?" I sigh. "Because I know it does something."

"It's the charm of the Royalty Fey." She grips the door handle as Alex floors the Camaro over a massive pothole in the road. "Like Luna, who's an Empress."

I buckle my seatbelt. "Is there any other Royalty Fey out there? I mean, I thought Helena, Lucinda, and Annabella were all fey?"

"Death Fey," she says. "There's a huge difference."

Frustration bubbles up in me. I know I've seen the pendant before.

"It gives them power." Aislin continues to read her screen. "That's probably why Luna can grow to ten times her normal size."

"It's always gotta be about power," Alex mutters, slowing down for a sharp turn.

I rewind through my thoughts. Where have I seen it?

Aislin's phone beeps and she switches to her text messages. "Oh good. Laylen's not even heading back to the house." She sighs with relief. "But Alex, you're not going to like where he is."

Alex drums his fingers on the steering wheel as we gradient down the road and pass by a cemetery. "Lay it on me. I'm pretty sure there's not much more that can surprise me."

"He went to..." She glances warily at the screen. "He went to Nalina's house to see if he can force her to help Gemma with the Crystal of Limitation."

"But didn't she betray Gemma?"

Trees zoom by in blurs. When it clicks, it's like the wind's knocked out of me.

"Tell him to get out of there!" I shout, frightening both of them. "Now!"

They look at me with wide eyes and their jaws hanging open.

"Why?" Aislin asks, panicking. "I know she's bad and everything. But Laylen's a Keeper and a vampire. And Nalina, well she's just a Foreseer without her power."

I shake my head swiftly. "No, she's not. She's fey-Royalty Fey."

Aislin gapes at me. "Did you hit your head or something?"

"No, I remember where I saw the Cornu Lepore." I point at my own necklace. "On Nalina's neck."

Aislin's dialing Laylen's number before I even finish. Alex throttles the gas and the tires spin up a cloud of dirt.

"Please answer your phone, please answer your phone," Aislin chants under her breath. She bites on her thumbnail. "Please-Laylen, yeah. You need to get out of there now." A pause. "No, Nalina's some kind of Fey Royalty." She nods her head. "I know. I know. But until we know what the hell she is... Laylen... Laylen!" She stares at the phone. "Oh my God. Oh my God."

"What is it?" I lean forward and my seatbelt locks. "What happened?"

She breathes fitfully. "There was a scream and then we were disconnected."

Alex presses the gas pedal to the floor. I don't know how fast we're going and I don't want to know. All I care about is that we make it to Laylen.

He'll be fine. Don't worry. I won't let anything happen to my Alexander.

My eyes shift from side to side and I attempt to convince myself that it's a ghost or something. Because that option would be a lot better.

"Gemma, can you foresee us there?" Aislin grips the handle on the roof as the car ramps over a bump.

My body flies up and my head bumps the ceiling. "No, there's praesidium all over the place, including the neighborhood," I lie, unsure why. I pry my lips open, attempting to tell her that I can.

Pretend all you want. Deep down, you knew I wasn't gone.

I let out a gasp.

She's back.

Chapter 29

I've barely said a word the entire drive. No one notices. Aislin's too busy crying and Alex's main concern is driving like a maniac. I point directions, guiding him to the Victorian house located on the bad side of town.

He ramps the car over the curb and onto the front lawn. He hops out and flips the seat forward. I climb out and we rush up the path to the front porch. A large Rottweiler drools and snarls behind the neighbor's chain link fence. I shoot a glare at it and it cowers off with its tail between its legs.

Alex kicks down the door, shattering it off the hinges. He rolls his shoulders, all manly.

"Well, if she didn't know we were here before, she does now." Aislin sticks her head inside and then walks in.

Alex clutches my hand and we follow her. We probably look like a couple of homeless kids raiding the house for food, in our torn pajamas with bruises and cuts on our skin. Alex doesn't even have a shirt on. Luckily, I don't think anyone in this particular neighborhood will mind.

Come out. Come out. Wherever you are Nalina.

Apparently Helena knows Nalina. Big shocker there.

The floorboards creak as we creep through the house. No one has a weapon, except Aislin with her magic. She ignites her hands with a bright orange flame. The furniture in the kitchen is tipped over, pans are scattered all over the counters, and a pot of water boils on the stove.

"They can't be too far," Alex whispers, turning off the stove. There's a door at the rear of the kitchen and he navigates to it. He hesitates and then squeaks open the door. Stairs lead to a bottom floor. The lights are on and hushed voices float up to us. He puts a finger to his lips and releases my hand. "You two wait here."

Aislin begins to argue, but he brushes her off and walks expeditiously down the stairs, vanishing at the bottom.

"They'll be okay, right?" Aislin asks worriedly. "I mean, Nalina doesn't even have her power."

I shrug, clicking my locket open and shut. "Not her Foreseer power. But she might have her fey power."

"But what is fey power, really?" she cogitates. "I've never seen anything that would lead me to believe the fey have any power. Well, other than the power to drive someone insane."

I point a finger over my shoulder and raise my eyebrows. "Did you see what Luna did?"

"Good point." Her worry multiplies. With uncertainty, she steps down the stairs.

I let her go, rummaging the kitchen for a knife. I open a drawer and recover a sharp butcher knife. I touch my finger to the tip, pricking my skin. Blood pools out. "Yep, that'll work just fine."

A deafening scream erupts from the downstairs. Gripping the knife, I trot down the stairs. Alex has Nalina trapped in a corner. She's curled up in a ball, trembling with fear. Filing cabinets are flung all over the floor and papers pile out. Laylen stands in the middle of the room, his arm wrapped protectively around Aislin, whose hands are still flaming.

I skulk behind them with the knife pointed at the ground.

"Tell us why you have a Cornu Lepore," Alex demands, hovering over her with his fury raging.

She covers her head with her arms, her grey eyes peeking up at him. "Leave me alone. I didn't do anything. He attacked me." Her eyes find me and a hopeful look crosses her face. "Gemma, tell him. Tell him I'm not a bad person."

I return her plea with a bored expression. "All I know is you poisoned me with the memory tea to help Dyvinius steal my power."

"But he made me do it." Her voice quivers. "I didn't want to, but I have no power to protect myself." She steadies her voice. "Please Gemma, I'm your Aunt."

"No, you're not," I reply. "You're fey."

"And so are you." She lowers her hands and slowly rises to her feet, her back pressed against the wall. "You just don't know you are."

"You're full of crap," Alex says, raising a fist.

I almost drop the knife. "I don't have a mark."

"Did you have your Foreseer mark when you first used that power?" She cautiously steps toward me. "Think about it. Why would Helena be so fixated on you?"

You're getting warmer.

"Because you have fey blood." Another step, then another, until she's right in front of me. "She can connect to you because of your fey blood."

"There's a difference between Helena's fey and other fey," I deny. "And I'm not any fey."

Yes, you are.

"Yes, you are Gemma." She reaches for my hand but I recoil. "You've just been in the dark all your life. But you'll get your mark. You'll see." She pauses. "You need to be careful. There's a rumor going around that a fey war is breaking out. Lucinda, Helena, Luna, they're all after something, but I'm not sure what."

I scratch my head with the handle of the knife. "Like world domination?"

"I don't know." She glances at the four of us. "Now please just let me go. I've told you everything I know."

I consider her request thoughtfully. "Okay, that sounds fair." She smiles and I clock her in the side of the head.

"Gemma!" Aislin exclaims in a high pitched squeal.

Alex looks at Nalina then at me. "Okay, well that works."

"Dude, you just hit an old lady," Laylen comments from behind me.

I shrug and toss the knife on the floor. "So, now what do we do?"

Alex is stunned, but blinks it away. "We need to find a place to hide out. We can't go back to the castle."

"Why not?" I ask. "Do you really think Luna will be hanging around? I'm sure she has reasons for wanting to get in the Human Realm, besides chasing us."

"Do you really want to find that out?" Alex asks.

I shrug. "Maybe."

"Can we just go?" Aislin complains. "I don't feel safe here."

We all agree and hurry up the stairs. While Alex and Aislin argue about where we should go, I quickly backtrack to Nalina. I squat down over her unconscious body and snap the necklace off her neck. I hide it in my pocket and head for the stairs.

Alex waits for me at the bottom. "Are you okay?" He glances over at Nalina. "Did you forget something?"

I shake my head. "I just wanted to make sure I didn't hurt her too bad. I feel kind of guilty now."

He twirls a strand of my hair around his finger and gives my lips a soft kiss. "She'll be okay. I've hit many people a lot harder than that." He speaks to me like I'm innocent.

I nod and we rush up the stairs. I almost laugh at his gullibility.

He has no idea what's coming for him.

Chapter 30

Luckily Laylen has enough money to buy us all a set of clothes, food, some toiletries, and a motel room. It's the grungier side of town, where the doors have to be locked and no one can go wandering around by themselves. We take turns showering and brushing our teeth. We're tired and bummed out and have absolutely no idea what to do next.

"I can't believe I screwed up so bad." Aislin sits cross-legged on the bed, coiling her damp hair around her finger. She's dressed in shorts and a pink tee. Laylen and Alex are outside, searching for an ice machine to fill up the ice bucket. "Now there are sprites and a crazy Empress running around."

"It's not your fault." The room has two full size beds and I sit on the opposite one, brushing the tangles from my hair. "And we didn't see any fey invading the streets, so we're good for now."

"But I didn't even get Aleesa freed." She pouts.

"You could go there," I suggest wickedly.

"To the Faerie Realm?"

"Yeah, Luna's not there, so I'm sure it's safe."

She smiles brightly. "You know what, that's a good idea. I'll get a portal opened up tomorrow."

I grin to myself, flicking a piece of lint off my shorts. One down, two more to go.

"I wonder if there will ever be a time when we're not running from the end of the world," she says.

I bite my thumbnail off and spit it on the floor. "I think it's safe to say that that might never happen."

A car backfires from somewhere and Aislin tenses. "I hope they're okay." She twists her hair up into a messy bun and secures it with an elastic band.

"They're fine." I set the brush on the nightstand. "They're a Keeper and a vampire for Christ sake."

"But Laylen..." She fluffs a pillow and lies down. "How bad was it?"

I climb under the blanket, which stinks like cigarette smoke and mildew. "Huh? How bad was what?"

"The biting incident?" she whispers. "How bad was it?"

I internally cringe. "Not too bad," I lie. "In fact, he bit another vampire."

"He didn't tell me that." She sounds relieved. "I'm glad. That way is better than him biting some girl, because..." she trails off.

I know what she was going to say, though. There's an intimate feeling shared between a human being bit and the vampire that's doing the biting.

The keycard slot makes a gurgling noise and the door opens. Laylen and Alex hurry in with the ice bucket and dead bolt the door behind them. They place some warm soda cans we bought from the front desk into the bucket to chill. Laylen kicks off his boots and climbs in bed with Aislin. She giggles and Laylen whispers something in her ear.

I tune them out, my eyes locked on Alex as he slips his shoes and green t-shirt off and climbs into bed. Aislin giggles again, louder this time.

Alex rolls his eyes. "If you two don't knock it off, I'm going to lock you in the bathroom." Her giggles muffle. Alex winks at me and leans close. "You and I will just be quieter."

Now I roll my eyes, but smile when he snakes his legs between mine. His jeans are rough against my bare legs, but I don't move. As the room quiets down, he clicks off the lamp, and kisses my neck softly.

"Goodnight," he whispers, his breath soft against my cheek. "I love you."

I tuck my head under his chin and lie motionless. Hours tick by. I don't move. I wait until everyone's fast asleep. Then I reach down my throat and pull out a black widow wedged in it. I place it on the floor and it runs under the bed. I sneak out of bed and tiptoe over to Laylen. His arm's flopped over the edge and he takes up most of the bed. I inch my hand for his mouth, closer, closer. His eyes snap open and he twists my arm in an awkward position that tears at my muscles. I flip my arm around quickly, freeing myself, and coil his until it hurts. I grab his hair roughly with my other hand, yank him out of bed, and drag him into the small bathroom. I shut the door and he starts to laugh.

"I knew you liked it rough," he says impishly.

I tap my fingers on the counter. "Well played. I'm pretty sure neither of them expected anything."

"Of course they don't." He places his hands on my h*ps and slowly guides me toward him. "I can't believe they actually thought that would work. It takes a heck of lot more to bring someone like you down."

"Only one person actually. Annabella." I peer in the mirror. "But she's trapped inside me and I'll never let her go." I smooth down my hair. "I'm out of her body for one minute and look what she does to herself."

"We'll get you some stuff to make you beautiful again," Laylen promises.

"Or maybe I'll just get a new body."

"You know you can't do that. You know how hard it was to find a girl who's fey, a Keeper, a Foreseer, and who's connected with the soul of another. If she wasn't bonded to the doofus out there, her soul would probably be too weak to carry your power-she'd probably die."

"We need the doofus." I rub the pads of my fingers along the lines of my jaw, my narrow cheekbones, around my violet eyes. "And Gemma will die anyway. Once I'm out of her body."

He swallows hard and his blue eyes simmer with hot tears.

"Shut it down. You're letting him seep through the cracks," I demand, repulsed. He sucks back the tears. I pull a face at his weakness and then at my hideous reflection. "I need to get to the City of Crystal."

"What for?" Laylen's thumbs massage circles on my hips.

"Because she's not strong enough to get into the Room of Forbidden on her own." I motion at my leggy body.

Laylen cocks his head to the side. "Why don't we use a Foreseer who's here in the Human World? I hate going to that creepy place."

"Quit being a baby." I shake my head exasperatedly. "Besides, I don't want just any Foreseer. I want Dyvinius."

Laylen's fingers try to sneak up the back of my shirt. "Why? What's so special about the old man?"

I shove him away, not wanting to get caught up in anything other than my plan. "Because at the moment, he's the most powerful Foreseer I know. And because after this is all done, and the vision is altered that will change my past, I can kill Dyvinius and then all the Foreseers' power will be gone." I make a poofing motion with my hand. "And then no one will be able to change the vision back. Ever. Besides, he can give me the Serpent mark. How fun would that be?"

Laylen's lips creep into a smile. "Your mind is truly amazing."

I cup his chin with my hand and cut his skin with my thumbnail. "You better not screw with me this time. If you try anything with my sisters, I'll kill you. It's because of you that I am stuck in that wretched place. Your betrayal caused my mother to sentence me to The Afterlife. She thought I was weak."

"I'm sorry, my love." He flinches and wipes the blood from his chin. "I had needs, though. And my family had expectations."

"Well, your bloodline is almost dead." I gesture at the door. "Except for those two out there and that's an easy fix." I back away, slipping the Cornu Lepore around my neck. "The more power I have, the better... I wonder if my Lost Souls have found their bodies yet. It's important they find good ones-ones that have high reign in the world."

"If they don't pick the right ones, we're screwed. And Luna's out now, so that's a problem."

"Luna doesn't scare me." I slink out the door. Alex and Aislin are snoring softly from the beds. We sneak out the door and to the parking lot. I feel guilty for leaving them, but only momentarily. I turn off my emotions, just like I used to. A new me settles in. I scratch a cut across the star on my wrist, whispering good-bye forever.

I take Laylen's hand and seal my eyes shut. "Let's go rain some hell down on the world." I blink us away, out of the night, knowing no one can stop me.

Chapter 31

"Wow, that's truly amazing," Laylen observes when I land us in the City of Crystal. We are standing in front of a set of tall, silver doors, with curved handles shaped like a Foreseer mark. I dither my next step. Barge in? Sneak? I'm way to powerful for that. I rip open the door and toss my head back with exhilaration.

Shiny cutouts of silver and blue porcelain create a path through the green gemstones, mimicking blades of grass. The blue sky diamonds above and clouds image across it. I advance down the path like I own the place, looking straight ahead at the silver throne perched on the sapphire dais.

"Dyvinius. Dyvinius. Come out. Come out. Wherever you are," I singsong, reaching the brim of the dais.

"He's not going to come out," Laylen says over my shoulder. "He's not that stupid..." He trails off as Dyvinius emerges. "Okay, I guess I have to retract my statement. He is that stupid."

The tall, old man walks out, his hair and eyes matching his sliver, floor-length robe. "Gemma, what are you doing here?" he asks unhappily. "And how did you even get here? You don't have your power anymore."

I pace the floor in front of the dais. "You know, the last time I saw you, you were just an ordinary Foreseer with no authority." I cast a glace around. "And now look at you, reigning over the Foreseers. Impressive. Of course, I know how you got the position. It's not based on your power, but more on your sick ability to cheat your way to the top."

He stumbles over his robe and his silver eyes amplify. "I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't cheat. I earned this."

I hold up my hands. "Hey, no judgment here. I can respect a man who can lock away another man, just to get what he wants."

He falters to his throne. "Who are you?"

"Tsk, tsk, tsk." I wave my finger at him. "I'll be the one asking the questions."

He shivers. "I'm not sure what you want, but I can tell you right now, I won't give it to you."

I step on the dais, place my hands on the armrests of the throne, and dip my head close. "You'll give me whatever I want. Because death always wins."

Realization strikes him like a lightning bolt to the chest. "I don't... how did you... Helena?"

A smile teases my lips. "I'm glad to see you haven't forgotten me. Although, I am very memorable."

"Yes, you are," Laylen muses from behind me.

My grin broadens. "Now, we can do this the easy way, or the hard way."

"W-what do you want?" he stammers, hovering back.

I lean away slightly. "Well, to start with, I want the Serpent mark."

He shakes his head swiftly. "I'll never give it to you."

"So the hard way, then." I sigh, inspecting my chipped fingernails. "I was actually hoping for the easy way. Normally I don't mind a challenge, but being human is rather tiring-all this emotion bustling through me. I'm having a hard time dealing with it."

"Helena," Dyvinius pleads, eyes squinting, wrinkles creasing his pale skin. "I know what you're up to and I beg you not to do it. Changing visions doesn't necessarily mean you'll get exactly what you want."

I unhinge my jaw and spit a Black Widow on his lap. He screams and tries to jump up, but I whip my hand out and hold him down as the spider climbs up his arm and sinks its venomous fangs into its neck. His body slumps to the side, arms draped lifeless over the armrests.

"Silly Dyvinius," I say. "I always get what I want."

Laylen steps up beside me and runs his fingers through his hair. "You didn't kill him, did you? Because he's useless to us if he's dead."

I pat him on the head and let my finger trace a line down his pale cheek to the neckline of his black shirt. I grip the fabric and tug him closer.

"Of course he's not dead," I breathe. "Don't ever second guess me."

He nods and I release him, exhaling loudly. "I need a place... somewhere that he can't use his Foreseer power." I stare at the stubborn old man. "I have a feeling it's going to take some torture to get what I want and I can't have him going off and disappearing with the blink of an eye."

Laylen nods agreeably. "We could go to the castle. The place is covered with praesidium."

I pat his head. "Good boy. And as long as Luna's not there-"

He cuts me off. "I'm sure she won't be. She's got her own things to worry about, like getting her power back."

"Well, she better not succeed," I say. "Otherwise, it's going to be tricky getting what I want. Not impossible, but tricky." I sigh and grab one of Dyvinius' comatose hands. "Alright, let's go to the castle."

"The outskirts though. If you try to get inside, it's going to hurt."

I shut my eyes, picturing the lake and take the three of us away.

***

"You know, it'd be much easier if you'd just tell me." I pace the floor of the library, my hands covered in blood, my body aching. The more I exert myself, the more the good side of me slips through. I hate it and it makes me feel weak.

Dyvinius is bound to a leather sofa, covered in cuts and bruises that I've inflicted on him. "I won't do it. Hurt me all you want, but I won't."

Laylen sits in the opposing sofa, boots kicked up on the table, and the Foreseer book opened in his lap. "Did you know that the Foreseers are one of the oldest breeds around? You'd think they'd be more powerful."

"Stop telling me useless things," I bark, frustration bursting through me. Things aren't going my way and I don't like it. "I want to know something helpful, like a trick that will help me get what I want from this man." My eyes dart to Dyvinius and he sweats bullets.

Laylen turns the page. "Hmmm... here's something." His finger skims the page. "Did you know that some Foreseers can take other Foreseer's power away?"

"Of course I knew that," I enrage. "Why do you think I had to work so hard to get it back?"

Laylen thrums his fingers on the page. "But maybe you can do it."

I watch Dyvinius' reaction. "What do you think? Do I have it in me?" His trembling body answers.

"Place your hands on his head and test it," Laylen instructs, reading the page. "Eventually you don't have to make a direct connection, but in the beginning it's much easier."

I crunch my knuckles and loosen my shoulders. My fingers move eagerly for Dyvinius' head.

"If you take it away, then I can't help you!" he shouts out, jerking his arms, trying to break the ropes. "My power will be gone!"

I shrug half-heartedly. "I guess I'll have to find another Foreseer then. No biggie."

My fingertips brush his temples. His skin is loose under my touch. "I wonder if it'll hurt. It hurt when it happened to me."

"Wait!" he cries, tears slipping from his eyes. "I'll give you the mark. I'll give you whatever you want. Please don't take my power away!"

I pull back, smiling like a spoiled brat. "It sucks, doesn't it-the thought of losing your power. Now give me the Serpent mark."

His shoulders shudder as he nods. "Animum liberos. Quid tibi vis," he mumbles with regret.

A tingling sensation snakes up my spine, inking my skin and forever branding me with the power to invade minds. I'm invigorated by the energy surging through my blood and I let out a pleased chuckle, stretching my arms in front of me.

Laylen snaps the book shut. "Well, there's one thing we can..." His eyebrows knit together as his gaze travels to the doorway. "Who the hell are you?"

I turn around. A lanky guy, probably about my age, leans against the doorway, arms crossed, eyes a deep blue. He is dressed in black, a chain dangling from his pocket. His arms are tracked with tattoos and leather bands. His hair is like a shadow, flowing down and slightly curling up below his ears.

"Gemma Lucas," he muses thoughtfully. "I never thought I'd see you again."

My eyes never waver from him, but confusion hordes my head. "And you are..."

He moves from the doorway, his long legs striding toward me. "Nalina sent me here. You have a lot of people worried about you. They think you're possessed by some evil witch."

"I'm not a witch," I seethe, offended. "I'm a queen. And that still doesn't explain who you are."

He gives me a small smile and sighs sadly. "Let's just say I'm an old friend." His arm zips forward and his hand strangles my neck.

"Let me go!" I screech.

His grip only tightens, his strength pounding through his fingertips. "Sorry sweetheart, but I can't do that." His eyes blaze.

My body inflames. Laylen shouts something and charges. The stranger holds up his free hand in Laylen's direction and I hear a loud thump. His glowing eyes pierce into me until I can't breathe. My vision spots, my boiling blood suffocates me.

I black out.

Chapter 32

I wake up in my bedroom at the castle. My arms and legs are strapped to the bars on the head and footboard. Both the Cornu Lepore and my locket are missing from my neck. The room is silent, but voices stream from somewhere inside the house. The curtain obstructs the sunlight.

I writhe and buck my body, trying to get free. But the chains are too tight and only slice at my skin. I shut my eyes, trying to use my new power to breach someone's mind and summon them to release me.

"Try all you want," an unfamiliar voice says. "But this place is on lockdown. No Foreseer can use their power anywhere inside it."

My eyes slowly open and I give the stranger from earlier a dirty look. "Who are you?" A faint memory tugs at my mind. My mind, not Helena's. Alex and I run playfully through a field while a dark haired boy chases after us, his hands and eyes lit up with fire. "What are you?"

He sits on the edge of the bed, unafraid, and rubs his jawline. "You're full of a lot of questions." He watches me closely, like he's trying to figure something out. "But are those questions yours," he pauses and prods his finger against my head, "Or hers?"

"Whose?" I bat my eyelashes innocently.

The bedroom door opens and Alex slips inside. My heart flutters, but Helena silences it.

Worry masks his face and his dark hair is all over the place, a stress tick. "How's she doing, Evan?"

Evan steps back from the bed, the chain attached to his belt loop and pocket clinking with his movements. "I'm not sure. She's obviously possessed, but there's still some of her in there."

I hiss and both guys flinch. "Where's Laylen?"

Alex shakes his head, aggravated. "Tied up just like you. Neither one of you are going anywhere until we know for sure that Helena's gone."

"And Aislin?" I smirk because I already know the answer.

He glares with hatred. "You think you're so clever, sending her to the Faerie Realm, knowing she'll be trapped there now that Luna's gone."

We stare each other down, his expression torn between loathing and want.

"This is going to be hard," Evan interrupts, examining me over. "The Queen of The Afterlife is nothing like a ghost."

"Oh my God," I laugh hysterically. "Not another exorcism. Didn't you learn your lesson the last time? I'm not going anywhere."

Alex rubs his face exhaustedly and drops down on the bed, a cold look icing his face. "Tell me Helena, have you ever heard of a little thing called an Omnia?"

I frown as Helena whispers what it is.

"By the look on your face, I think you have," Alex says. "But I'll explain anyway, since I don't think Gemma knows... well, that she can remember. Omnia is a term for everything. So imagine someone who has every power; pyrokinesis, telekinesis, mind bending, the death touch, Foreseer power. And all the crap is mixed into one person. An Omnia. Now imagine what that person could do."

Helena isn't happy. I frown, anger burning in my chest.

"What's the matter, sweetheart?" Evan asks. "Does it scare you?"

I sputter a laugh. "You think I'm afraid of you?" I shake my head, a laugh tickling my lips. "Man, humans are stupid. You think you can stop me. You think you can win." I lower my voice so they have to lean closer. "If you really do kick me out of her, she'll die. She's now a part of me and there's no going back."

"You're lying," Alex says in horror. "Gemma can't die. She's a Protected One."

"Loopholes," I singsong. "They always exist."

Evan concentrates on my eyes. "I think she's telling the truth."

I laugh evilly and a dark cloud covers the room. I'm not lying. There's only one loophole that can save me from Helena. Annabella. But they don't know that. And with Annabella locked inside me, they won't find out.

My laughter fills the air, unsettling them so much that they have to leave the room. Time slips by, but that's okay. I have all the time in the world.

Because I'm not going anywhere.

