Dean could feel himself going soft. Petrified, he closed his eyes and imagined he was on top of Gina, her silky brown hair sprawled out across the cream-colored pillow beneath her. The last thing he wanted was for word to get out he was a limp dick. He wasn't. But the combination of alcohol and Megan's obnoxious cries of ecstasy worked against him, so he gritted his teeth and dug in deeper, trying to rebuild before it was too late. Megan responded in kind, pressing her head into the pillow and screaming even louder, jerking him from his thoughts. He cringed and slowed his roll, trying to spare the sweet elderly woman in the unit above him a sleepless Saturday night.

Megan grabbed a fistful of his swept back bangs and yanked hard. "Come on, you can do better than that."

The anger flashing across her sweaty face gave Dean the creeps. Between the condom and her wetness he could barely feel her. He dropped his head into her shoulder, cigarette smoke and hair spray clinging to her long blond locks, and closed his eyes. Gina grinned at him. Her hair was long and smelled like honeysuckle. She slowly unbuttoned her silk blouse, exposing the firmest pair of breasts he had ever seen.

He felt a twinge down below and lifted himself up, pumping harder before Megan's cries of pleasure could foil his efforts.

"Fuck me harder, asshole!"

Dean's eyes popped open, a heavy frown stealing across his handsome features.

Megan grinned at him like she was getting away with murder. "You better fuck that pussy like you mean it!"

A grimace rolled through him and he obliged just to shut her up, regretting his selection for the night. Along with the smell of sex and sweat, a loud slapping sound filled the room. Waves rushed through Megan's floppy breasts, rippling through them like mini-waterbeds, smacking her in the chin and dropping back to her sternum. She turned her head to the side and squeezed her eyes shut, accepting each angry thrust with another satisfied groan.

He cupped a sweaty hand over her mouth, fearing the old lady upstairs might think he was murdering someone in cold blood and actually call the cops.

Megan thrashed beneath him and beat on his hairy chest with fists of rage. "Get off me you, bastard!"

Dean stopped in his gyrating tracks, his sculpted pecs rising and falling as he studied her twisted face.

She cracked her blue eyes open and blew a strand of hair from her face. "Why are you stopping?"

He arched an eyebrow at her. "You just told me to stop. Then you called me a bastard."

She laughed drunkenly and sank back into the pillow. "Stop messing around and start screwing me, Dean."

He shook his head and got back to it, closing his eyes and praying it wasn't too late. He pinned Megan's legs behind his biceps and punched in, slapping privates loud enough for the entire building to hear. In his mind, he lifted Gina onto his desk and ran a hand up her short skirt, caressing the inside of her tanned thigh. He wasn't surprised to find she wasn't wearing any panties. Her wet spot begged him to dip inside and melt into her comforting warmth. Fuck me, Dean, she whispered softly, sweeping a tongue across her raspberry-colored lips. He swept everything on his desk to the floor, unzipped his pants and gave her what she wanted. She tipped her head back and moaned her gratification, her black high heels dangling in the air as he unleashed his fury.

"Let me go, you fucking asshole!"

Dean's eyelids rolled back, bringing Megan into focus and sending Gina into a fine gray mist spiraling up into nothingness. Megan squirmed beneath him with a look of sheer terror blanketing her expression.

"Please!" she pleaded, pushing him off of her. "This isn't right!"

His hips slowed to a stop.

Her glazed over eyes sharpened, drilling him with malice. Her breasts heaved beneath him as she chased her breath. "You stop again and I'll rip your dick off," she whispered through gritted teeth.

His eyebrows dipped together.

She slapped his ass like a horse and made him jump. "Come on, Dean!" she barked. "Quit stopping."

He rolled his eyes and grudgingly cranked up the ole Evinrude again. Megan moaned in time with his gyrating hips. Rolling waves of pleasure burst from her gaping mouth, washing over him with the smell of alcohol and cigarettes. Dean flipped off the safety and gave her the business, ready to get this over with while the getting was good.

"Stop!" she panted, slapping a hand against his chest. "I want to suck your dick and taste myself."

His face folded in the dim light. He thought better of it and kept slamming away.

"Tie me up!" she ordered, struggling against him.

He glanced at the alarm clock, guessing he had put on a long enough show and picked up the pace.

She pulled on his bare ass with both hands, greedily demanding every inch he had to offer. "I want you to cum on my tits."

He pressed on and decided to go with the option that would leave his sheets in the best condition. Dean worked faster, the finish line stretching across his mind just up ahead. He threw his head back and grunted, exploding inside the condom and sending stars shooting across his the back of his eyelids.

Megan cried out as she climaxed with him, her body shuddering with pulsating convulsions. She wrapped a hand around his sweaty neck and pulled him to her, milking his cock for every last drop.

Out of politeness, he kissed her on the forehead and rolled over onto his back, dropping his head into his pillow with a long sigh. He would have to steer clear of Milwaukee Street for a while now. That was Megan's haunt.

She turned onto her side to face him with a disturbing grin, her blond hair a tangled mess. She stared at him through dreamy eyes, her hand massaging his softening dick. "That was amazing. I knew you'd have a big dick the moment I saw you."

He chuckled with a frown. "And how'd you know that?"

"Tall guys always have big dicks, just like they always have big feet."

He stretched his lips down in a reverse rainbow and nodded. "Makes sense I guess."

"Let's do it again."

He rubbed his five o'clock shadow, wondering how long it would take her to get dressed and leave. "Maybe later."

She groaned her displeasure, pulling at the curly brown hairs sprouting from his chest. "Next time you should really tie me up though."

A short laugh broke from his dry lips. "I do have a ski mask."

"Ooooh, that could be fun!" she giggled, pulling harder on his hairs "Tape my mouth shut and stuff."

He laughed, fighting the urge to say something like: now, there's an idea! He bit his tongue instead and took a long drink of the lukewarm beer sitting on the nightstand next to him.

She shook her head when he offered her the bottle and got out of bed, her untanned butt cheeks glowing in the dark. The master bath light switched on. She turned in the doorway and stared at him, a nude silhouette more fitting for a strip bar logo on a matchbook cover. "If you want to record that next time with your phone or whatever it's okay by me."

He spit beer out his nose and began coughing.

With a quick laugh, she slipped into the bathroom and shut the door, plunging the bedroom back into darkness. Dean set the bottle down and wiped his nose, inhaling another long breath. He swung his legs over the edge of the bed, got up and shuffled into the living room like a drunken zombie, praying Megan would be getting dressed by the time he got back. He ditched the condom in the half bath off the living room and took a leak that came out sideways.

After washing his face and hands, he crept into the kitchen and opened the fridge, bathing his glistening body in a soft glow. He took a long pull from a bottle of water, the cool liquid rushing over his tongue and down his throat, squashing the fire inside. He sighed with satisfaction and figured by now Megan might already have her jeans on and maybe even her bedazzled tank top.

Dean took the water with him, knowing she would need a good drink before her long drive to wherever the hell she called home. She could even take the bottle with her if she wanted. His spirit sank when he rounded the bedroom doorway and saw a shadowy figure huddled beneath the covers in his bed.

"Here ya go," he said, handing her the bottle.

She sat up, the white sheet sliding down her big boobs like a slow moving avalanche. She took an eager drink and wiped water from her top lip with the back of her hand. "If you want to do that again anytime during the night just wake me up. Okay?" She returned the bottle and he forced a smile. Megan dropped back into the bed and shot him a wry grin that stretched his patience. "Anytime you want more practice, I'm here for ya, hotstuff."

The patio was busy and Dean was thankful to be wearing sunglasses. Despite the Visine, his eyes were still bloodshot and puffy. He never slept well with someone in his bed, let alone someone like Megan. She was a true hound dog who couldn't get enough. Just thinking about her made him feel tired.

Shaun waved to him from the other side of the sun splashed patio, where he was holding down a table by himself. Dean tipped his head back in response and waded through the throng of chattering soccer moms and riled up kids. A table of four elderly women, dressed in their Sunday best, burst into a flourishing round of cackles as he passed by - probably gossiping about how somebody had the nerve to bring bran muffins from a box to the church social. Dean stopped abruptly as a kid zipped in front of him with an empty cup, heading back inside for another refill of soda he didn't need.

"What is up, big baller!" Shaun said, pushing his sunglasses up his nose and sucking down some brown soda of his own. He set the cup down, wiped its condensation on his pants and held his fist out. "Glad you could make it."

Dean ignored the fist and pulled back a metal chair that scraped against the concrete, rattling his brain with its deep amplification. "This place is a madhouse," he said, setting his cell phone on the table and taking a seat.

"Everyone loves Panera," Shaun replied, sinking his teeth into a Smokehouse Turkey Panini.

Dean stretched his arms out as a baby cried a few tables over, slicing his headache in two.

"You gonna go inside and order?"

"In a minute."

Shaun wiped his hands on a crumpled napkin. "Jonny just called, he's not gonna make it."

Dean snorted, gazing out over the jam-packed parking lot. "After the shots he pushed on us, I'm not surprised."

"Sounds like you guys had quite the night last night. So...how was she?"

Dean turned back to Shaun.

"The hot little blond you pulled from Milwaukee Street last night. I wanna hear every detail. Carrie took the girls to a movie so don't hold back. It's just you and me." He tipped his head down and peered at Dean over the top of his sunglasses. "Doctor/patient confidentiality."

Dean chuckled. "You wish you were a doctor."

A burst of air ruffled Shaun's lips. "Try reading my dental degree sometime, player."

Dean's stomach rumbled and he checked the bulky watch strangling his wrist.

"This is a safe-house," Shaun said, outlining the grated table with his index fingers. "So go ahead and tell me everything that happened. Leave no stone unturned, my friend. You are safe here."

Dean stole a quick drink from Shaun's watered down pop, extinguishing the cotton mouth making his tongue stick to the roof of his mouth. "She was insane."

"Now we're getting somewhere!"

"I just pray to God I never run into her again."

Shaun's face soured. "Jon said she was hot as hell."

"She was, but the stuff coming out of her mouth was waaay outta bounds."

Shaun leaned in closer, crunching down on some salt and vinegar kettle chips.

Dean took off his shades and rubbed his itchy eyes, the crying baby behind him stepping on his last nerve.

"Whoa, looks like she kept you up all night. Nice."

"She tried to. Took three cups of coffee just to get her out the door this morning."

"Brutal! I hate when they stick around like that. Who does that?"

Dean slipped his shades back on and lowered his voice. "You ever have a chick ask you for anal?"

Shaun stopped chewing, his face instantly sobering. "Not without the money up front."

Dean cocked his head to one side. "You had sex with a hooker?"

Shaun fanned a hand through the air at him. "Come on, what happened?"

Dean took a quick look around the sun lit patio, its inhabitants dressed in colorful summer dresses and hats on a perfect summer's day. It looked like something out of a TV show. He leaned forward, pulling Shaun closer. "Well, I was right in the middle of...ya know, and she's like I'll let you do whatever you want to me."

Shaun nodded rapidly, hungry for more of the story and his grilled sandwich.

"And I'm thinking to myself, kinda late for that, lady."

Shaun snorted and wiped his nose with a fresh napkin.

"Next thing I know, she's asking me if I want to put it in her butt."

Shaun's burst of laughter quickly morphed into choking.

"Do you need the Heimlich? Should I call 911?"

Shaun shook his head and tried to catch his breath. He cleared his throat with some soda and coughed some more. "So what'd you say to her?"

Dean folded his arms across an aqua blue t-shirt that set off his brown eyes. "I said okay."

"What? Are you serious?"

Dean laughed. "Come on, man, you know that's a one way street for me."

Shaun spread his hands out. "Hey, everyone experiments now and then. So what happened next?"

Dean's stomach rumbled again and he got up. "Hang on," he said, heading inside much to Shaun's dismay. A few minutes later, he returned with a round tray of food and continued his harrowing tale.

Shaun dropped his napkin to the empty tray and brushed his hands together. "Wow, that is some freaky shit."

Dean swallowed a bite of his Panini, wishing it was a greasy cheeseburger. "Right?" he said, sucking down some blue Powerade. "I thought for a minute she was going to call the cops and have me arrested for rape."

Shaun folded his arms across his chest and shook his head. "She sounds wild."

"I told her I had a ski mask and she about creamed the sheets."

"Holy shit, the lucky burglar," Shaun laughed, draining his drink. "That's an oldie but a goodie." He glanced around and leaned forward. "Do you really have a ski mask?"

Dean frowned. "Do I look like a bank robber to you?"

"Some people actually use them for skiing, ya know." He covered his mouth with a fist and quietly belched. "Jon said her friend, April, was lame in the sack, so it looks like you picked the long straw."

"Isn't the long one supposed to be the good one?"

"Jon said that at one point he secretly checked her pulse."

Dean laughed out loud. "We should've gone for these two brunettes over by the bar. I tried to tell him and the next thing I know he's talking to Megan and April."

"I gotta be honest, I don't miss the bar scene, man."

Dean pressed his lips together.

"Okay, maybe a little, but I get to live vicariously through you and Jon, my last two single friends."

Dean rolled his eyes behind his sunglasses and watched a pretty lady lead a cute little girl with blond curls and an orange sundress out onto the patio by the hand. They snagged the last open table and sat down.

Shaun stared at Dean with his mouth hanging open.

Dean stopped chewing. "What?"

"How do you do that?"

"Do what?"

"That soccer mom just gave you fuck me eyes."

Dean nonchalantly glanced over at the woman who was busy helping the little girl open a bag of chips. He lifted his shoulders to his ears. "What can I say? I'm a people person."

"All I know is I wouldn't want to be out there shacking up with a different psycho every night of the week, always changing your phone number and having to move out of state."

"I would hardly call the occasional weekend hookup every night of the week," Dean replied, wolfing down some barbeque chips. "It's not that bad. Besides, I always do a strip search to make sure they're not carrying any weapons."

Shaun leaned forward and clasped his hands on the table. "Don't you ever get the urge to settle down?"

"Not really."

"Dean, you're almost thirty-five, for Christ's sake."

Dean's eyebrows drew together. "I just turned thirty-four."

"Either way, you're middle-aged now."

"You're middle-aged," Dean mumbled under his breath.

Shaun stared blankly at him. "Nice come back. The point is you can't keep this lifestyle up forever. You need to find a nice girl to settle down with so Carrie and I can have someone to go to dinner with who doesn't want to talk about The Doodlebops all night long."

Dean opened his mouth to say something and took another bite of his sandwich instead.

"Face it, man, you have a serious commitment problem and you need help."

Dean stopped chewing and furrowed his brow. "I just signed a two year contract with a new cable provider."

Shaun laughed. "See what I mean? You can't even talk about it without making a joke. It's a defense mechanism."

"I don't have a commitment problem because I like my life. I like doing my own thing whenever I want without worrying about someone else's plans for the day."

"You just haven't met the right person yet. Believe me, all of that will change when you do. When you meet the right person, you'll want to bend over backwards for them just to change a light bulb, or fix the toaster, or whatever, but you're not going to meet the right person shopping where you shop."

Dean snorted and took a sip of his blue drink.

"You need to start shopping at higher end stores."

"Like where?The library? The grocery store? This isn't a Lifetime movie."

Shaun jerked his chin behind Dean. "How about that brunette over there? She looks like a nice girl."

Dean twisted in his chair and lowered his head, peering over his sunglasses at the twenty-something sitting all alone across the patio, which seemed like a crime in of itself. He had never seen someone look so beautiful while working on a laptop. Her long, chocolate-colored hair danced with the gentle breeze as her slender fingers gracefully punched away at the keyboard. A white tank top set off her firm breasts and tanned arms. His eyes dipped beneath the table where long legs spilled from a pair of tight jean shorts. He licked his lips and looked back up to find her staring right at him. His eyes widened and he whipped back around, knocking over his cold drink.

Shaun jumped back in his chair to avoid the spill but the chair's back legs refused to budge against the concrete. He teetered on two legs, his arms wavering in the air for balance, and slowly crashed backwards with a loud crack. The incessant chatter around them stopped on a dime. Shaun rolled to his feet in the thunder struck silence that followed, his face flushing as he realized all eyes were upon him. He held his hands up for everyone to see. "I'm okay, just a huge bee. Sorry bout that, I'm allergic." The crowd stared at him with blank expressions. He pulled his chair back up and plopped down, careful to avoid the blue liquid dripping from the table. "Are you high?" he hissed, glaring at Dean.

Dean broke into a mad case of the giggles and righted his empty cup. "That was the funniest thing I've ever seen," he wheezed. "I wish to God I had been rolling video."

Shaun surveyed his pants. "It wouldn't have been funny if you got that Smurf piss all over me. These pants are brand new!"

Dean pursed his lips. "Who wears white pants anyway? What are you, Mr. Roarke?"

"News flash, hotshot, it's summertime. People wear white in the summer."

"Yeah, at a wedding," Dean snickered, his eyes subtly gravitating back over his shoulder. The way the brunette's wavy hair spilled over her shoulders made his stomach twist into knots. It was like capturing lightning in a bottle. Her luscious breasts cried out for attention and he obliged, imagining what they must look like naked. The thought of handling them stole his breath. She turned his way, as if sensing his eyes upon her, and Dean whipped around to face Shaun.

"Just go over and say what's up."

Dean wiped a sheen of perspiration from his forehead with a napkin, butterflies swarming in his gut at the mere prospect of approaching such splendor with such simplicity. "And say what? Hi, I'm Dean wanna have a slumber party sometime?"

Shaun adjusted his short-sleeve button down, watching the mystery woman's every move. He ran a hand through his thinning sandy blond hair. "I would. Can you imagine having a pillow fight with that?"

Dean took a stubborn breath and released it back into the wild, unfamiliar with the feelings wringing the air from his lungs. The chatter and bursts of laughter around them suddenly seemed louder. A light breeze tickled his hair. He swept a loose lock back into place and shook his head. "She looks too young."

Shaun's jaw hit the floor. "And when has that ever stopped you before? She looks like Natalie Portman...but with way bigger tits. Just go over and say hi."

Dean mopped sweat from his upper lip and tried to slow his racing pulse. "I'll pass."

"What?" Shaun cried, drawing some attention from the tables around them. "What is wrong with you? You're Dean Jacobs! A single successful guy no woman can resist. Now stop fuckin around and go get her."

Dean brushed crumbs from his t-shirt. "Nice pep talk but I don't have my A-game today, man. I'm way too hungover."

Shaun slid Dean's empty cup across the grated table. "Go get a refill and offer to fill hers up on your way inside."

Dean smiled at the suggestion, unable to present a formidable defense, which, for him, was an anomaly.

"What do you have to lose?"

Dean stared at the cup, his heart beating faster just considering it.

A short laugh slipped from Shaun's lips. "Wow, I've never seen you like this before." He leaned forward and spoke in a whisper. "Look, if she says no you'll never see her again anyway so what's the big deal?"

Dean glanced over his shoulder again, blood pumping thickly in his ears. His phone vibrated loudly against the metal table, making him flinch. He cringed, knowing it was Megan, and picked it up. Relief washed over him like a cool Nigerian waterfall on a hot sunny day when he saw the text message. "Jon," he said, answering Shaun's questioning look and silencing the phone. "He wants to know everything about last night."

"You gonna do this or what? I don't have all day."

Dean's forehead creased. "I thought you just said Carrie was at a movie with the kids and you had all day."

"Some of us have yards to mow, Dean."

Dean shifted in his seat and wiped his sweaty palms on his black jeans.

"Don't be such a pussy, man. You're a lawyer, for Christ's sake!"

Dean pushed his shades up his nose and took a deep breath, puffing his chest out. "Fuck it," he whispered, carefully sliding his chair back and getting up. "Hey listen, if anything goes wrong over there..."

Shaun held a hand up. "I'll be right outside the back door. We got a helicopter on the roof." He stuck a finger in his ear. "Eyes and ears on the ground."

Dean responded with a shallow nod, before heading across the bustling patio.

"Don't forget the cup!"

Dean turned back around and grabbed the empty cup, flashing Shaun a sheepish smile.

"You got this," Shaun said, folding his arms across his chest.

Dean weaved between the tables with his head held high, his eye on the prize. Even her posture was perfect. The way her sandal dangled from her toes sent an electric current shooting through his veins. A wadded up napkin on her empty tray bolstered his confidence. She had finished her lunch and was probably in dire need of a refill. Little did she know, he was coming to her rescue.

He stopped at her table and glanced back at Shaun, who gave him an excited thumbs up. Dean turned back around to find the brown haired beauty looking up at him with the most stunning pair of green eyes he had ever seen. His heart pounded against his ribcage. He wiped a sweaty hand on his jeans, trying to catch his breath and wondering if he was coming down with the flu.

Her emerald colored eyes narrowed. He swallowed dryly and considered aborting the entire mission as adrenaline spiked through his system. He forced a smile that fought him tooth and nail, and gestured with the empty cup. "Can I get you a refill? I'm going back inside."

Her mesmerizing gaze swept to the cup in his hand, her full lips hanging part way open as if he had asked the question in Russian. He tried to read into the hesitation and figured his boldness teetered upon creepy.

"Umm," she said, her voice as light as a feather. "I'm good, thank you." She flashed him a polite smile and returned her attention to the laptop.

Dean tried his best not to look dumbfounded but it was impossible. His Adam's apple bobbed when he swallowed and he couldn't remember the last time someone had shot him down. He glanced back to Shaun, who opened his palms. Dean turned back to green eyes, his muddy mind scrambling for something to say that wouldn't cross into the land of cheese. He cleared his throat and took a deep breath to steady his shaky voice. "You always work this hard on a Sunday?"

Her eyes jerked back to him like he had just called her the b-word, their heavy weight driving the air from his lungs like a blow to the gut.

"Personally, I don't think God would be too happy. This is supposed to be a day of rest." He cringed as soon as the words slipped from his mouth. Welcome to Cheeseville.

She chuckled, restoring his confidence. "You are absolutely right," she said, shutting the laptop.

His entire body tensed. She was going to ask him to join her. The only question was: should he go inside and refill their cups or sit down before she could change her mind? She answered his indecision by sliding the computer into a black bag and getting up.

"That's enough for one day," she said with a quick smile.

He stepped back as she squeezed past, crop-dusting him with a sweet smell that inflamed his desire as she headed for the parking lot. "So no refill then?"

She stopped and turned to face him. Her hair blew in the wind, like she was filming a shampoo commercial as she slid on a pair of big brown sunglasses. "Thanks anyway."

With a quick turn, she trotted down the patio steps, her laptop bag in her hand and a red purse slung over her shoulder. He watched her perfect boobs bounce in slow motion as she sinuously glided into the parking lot. The way her leg muscles flexed with each confident stride drove him mad. She looked his way as she got in her car. Instinctively, he whirled to go inside and collided with a heavyset woman carrying a tray of food with both hands. The woman inhaled sharply. Her drink teetered for a moment before slowly falling like a razed skyscraper.

Dean and the woman dodged the fruit punch as it exploded against the ground. Once again, the patio went silent as Dean's face turned a similar shade of red as the fruit punch. "Oh my God, I'm sorry. I'll get you a new one."

"Thank you, sweetheart," the lady smiled, joining a man and a young boy at a nearby table.

Dean slipped through the glass door and entered a new world of chatter and laughter. The air-conditioning felt good against his skin. He turned just in time to see No Refill girl pull out of the parking lot and disappear down the road. His gaze crept over to Shaun, who just shook his head with his arms folded across his chest. "Shit," Dean whispered, releasing a pent-up breath and wiping his brow with the back of his hand. Shaun would never let him hear the end of this epic fail.

The gym smelled like disinfectant and dirty socks. It was a ghost town, too. By late afternoon, angry clouds had rolled in - quenching the thirsty yards and deterring everyone into watching movies on the couch at the same time. Dean wiped his wet shoes on a black mat and swiped his membership card.

"Hey there, tall, dark, and handsome!"

He looked up and smiled, making the pretty redhead behind the front desk blush. "Hi Stacey," he said, grabbing a folded towel from a nearby rack. "You look good."

"Thank you," she said, resting her elbows on the counter and giving him a nice view down her unbuttoned polo shirt. "Thought you were going to call me."

His eyes narrowed. "I was, but I dropped my phone getting out of the car and the thing froze up."

"Oh."

"Even the Geek Squad couldn't retrieve my contacts."

Stacey made an o-face. "Well, no wonder," she said, jotting something down on a piece of scrap paper and handing it to him

He took the scrap and glanced at her number. "You doing anything Friday night?"

Her face brightened. "I'm wide open."

"I will call you," he said, stuffing her number in a pocket.

A coy smile spread her lips. "No excuses this time."

"Hi Dean."

Dean turned to see a stunning blond coming out of the women's locker-room, her car keys in hand.

"Hi Robin," he smiled, admiring Robin's formfitting tights. "You look great."

Robin paused at the front door and squeezed her eyes into slits. "You never called."

"His phone broke," Stacey volunteered before Dean could get a word out.

Robin pushed her lips into the side of her mouth. "Right," she said slowly, pushing through the glass door and fading off into the parking lot.

Dean turned back to Stacey and raised his brow.

She shrugged. "Her loss."

"We'll talk soon," he said, crossing into the middle of the warehouse-sized room where Megan was doing sit-ups on a big red ball. His legs locked up like an engine without oil. His pulse rate doubled. Megan came back up, her arms folded across her chest, glanced at Dean in the mirror. He breathed a sigh of relief and kept moving. It wasn't Megan. He shook off the creeps and draped his towel over a red bench press, threw a plate on each end of the long barbell and climbed beneath it. The dimpled ceiling's rows of fluorescent lights made him squint, triggering a dull thud to begin pulsating behind his eyes. He could still see Megan thrashing under him like it was ten minutes ago.

He lifted the bar from its rack and carefully lowered it to his chest. The hard metal tapped his pecs and he pressed it back up, exhaling through his mouth. You can cum on my tits if you want to floated through his mind as he lowered the bar again. He pressed it back to the ceiling, focusing on a dimple that was larger than the rest, pushing last night further from his mind with each press of the bar. He racked the weight with a controlled clang and sat back up, avoiding the barbell with his forehead like doing the limbo. No Refill girl sat on a pectoral machine across from him, staring at him with those gripping green eyes.

Dean looked away, a lump in his throat. Stacey smiled from the front desk and wiggled her fingers at him. He blinked a few times and turned back around. No Refill girl acted like she hadn't seen him, squeezing the machine's arms together in front of her chest. He readied himself for something to say, his breath hitching. Out the corner of his eye, he watched her biceps flex as she squeezed out her reps. His mind reeled, intent on not letting this second chance slip through his fingers.

She released the weight and got up without making eye contact, tightened her ponytail and hurried over to a shoulder machine across the room. The way her butt cheeks jiggled inside her spandex shorts drove him insane. Her legs were tan and toned and when he realized he was starting to stiffen he lay back down on the bench and knocked out another quick set, rounding up an opening line. After the tenth rep, he racked the weight and it hit him like a ton of bricks. He glanced over at her and scrambled to switch out the smaller plates with the largest.

His sneakers traipsed across the thin carpet, its colorful confetti pattern unfolding beneath him like a birthday party. Weights clanged around him and someone laughed out loud. The room seemed to get longer with each step he took. No Refill girl released the machine's weight and their eyes met again. Dean had to focus extra hard to keep from tripping over his own feet. She pulled out one of her ear buds, her jaw dangling in the air.

Dean jerked his chin to the shoulder press. "I thought you said you were going to take it easy today."

Her brow crumpled. "Are you following me?"

"What?" he gasped. "I probably got here before you did."

She folded her arms across her chest, perhaps noticing the way he was stealing glances at her breasts. "When did you get here?"

He checked his watch. "Five minutes ago. When did you get here?"

"A half an hour ago."

"Oh," he said flatly. "Well, I'm not following you. Not that I wouldn't want to follow you," he said, growing silent as her eyes thinned. "I mean, if I was going to follow someone, you would make a perfect..." He trailed off and swallowed dryly. "Listen, can I get a quick spot?" He thumbed toward the bench press. "There are only a handful of elderly people over there and I don't trust em. They look pretty weak."

A short laugh escaped her, making his adrenaline spike. Her smile lit up the room like whites lights against freshly fallen snow. "Sure," she said, getting off the machine and following him to the bench press.

His heart jack hammered inside his chest, pumping blood through his veins too fast. He felt dizzy and prayed he wasn't coming down with a summer cold. They were the worst kind. The silence between them thickened. His gut tightened into knots as he dug for something witty to say, which had never been a problem before. He groaned inwardly, deciding he had to be getting sick. Even his B game was pathetic today. The smell of her perfume mixed with her sweat, stirring his hormones into a wild frenzy and further clouding his thoughts.

He turned to her as they passed a lonely row of elliptical machines. "So did you just join the gym or something?"

"Yeah, I moved here three weeks ago."

His eyebrows rose into the middle of his forehead. "Where from?"

"Des Moines."

He nodded. "Iowa, huh? You must love corn." A deeply seeded cringe bloomed inside of him as soon as the words slipped from his mouth.

An uneasy laugh broke from her lips. "My sister and her husband relocated here to open a dessert bar in downtown, so I came to help."

Dean stopped at the bench and pinched his eyes together. "That is awesome. Where at?"

"In the Third Ward. It's called Sugars."

"Great name," he smiled, almost saying something else but deciding to quit while he was almost ahead. "So how's business been?"

"Really good. We have a long menu of specialty drinks, so we get a nice after dinner crowd."

"So do you make the drinks or bake the desserts?"

"I mostly bake, that's kind of my thing."

"What's your best seller? Cupcakes?"

"Booze."

He laughed. "That's not surprising in Milwaukee."

"So I've noticed."

Dean lay back on the bench as she stepped behind the long barbell. "Well, I can't wait to check it out. I bet your cupcakes are amazing," he said, staring up at her breasts.

Her face flushed. "They are," she replied softly, scanning the long bar and heavy plates through uncertain eyes.

"Now, if I get pinned, I just need you to call 911. Okay?"

Her smile made his heart skip a beat.

Grasping the bar with a shoulder width grip, he pushed it from its cradle, trying not to blatantly admire her well rounded breasts. Her smell filled his senses as he lowered the heavy bar to his chest and pushed it back up with her staring down at him from above. It was surreal. The fluorescents ignited a halo-like glow around her, like an angel sent from Heaven's gate. The reps went by in a dizzy blur. He took his time, never wanting it to end. On the last rep, he feigned fatigue and struggled with the bar only halfway back up. His face turned red and her eyebrows dipped together.

"Call 911," he choked, his cheeks ballooning with pressure.

She sprang into action and lifted the bar with both hands, helping him drop it back into its cradle with a loud clang, emphasizing its heavy weight for the whole room to hear.

He sat up, gasping for exaggerated breaths. "Thank God you were here! You just saved my life."

She came around the bench, half smiling and half frowning, her hand covering her heart. "Are you okay?"

"Thanks to you I am," he panted. "Bit off more than I can chew."

She unleashed the warmest smile he had ever seen, one he wouldn't trade for the world. "Well, I'm glad I could help," she said, not sure if he was pulling her leg or not. Her emerald gaze glanced to the front doors. "Well, I should probably get..."

Dean hopped to his feet, giving himself a head rush that made him stumble a bit. "The least I could do is show you around sometime...you know, for saving my life and all."

She smiled again, not nearly as warmly this time, and dropped her gaze to her black Adidas with hot pink soles. "I'm sure you would've survived."

He wiped his forehead with the towel. "How about Saturday night?"

She looked back up, those green eyes making his head swim.

He cleared his throat. "Not a date," he quickly added. "More like a tour thing."

She squinted at him. "A tour thing?"

"Yeah, with drinks and dinner and stuff.Maybe a bullhorn."

A smirk pulled at the corner of her lips. She nodded to the front desk. "Have you given her the tour?"

Dean followed her nod with his mouth hanging partway open. Stacey smiled at him again. He swallowed dryly, grasping for words. "Stacey? She's just an old friend."

She slowly nodded. "I have to work late on Saturday, but thanks for the offer."

He watched her make a beeline for the front doors, stunned by his inability to close the deal. "Hey!"

She stopped and turned to face him from across the room, as did two older women chatting nearby.

"What's your name?"

She sharpened her gaze and hesitated before answering. "Evy."

It was the most beautiful name he had ever heard, especially coming from those sweet red lips. "I'm Dean."

She flashed him a bashful smile and continued for the glass doors. He watched her butt shake as she went, caught up in its spell, unable to tear his gaze away even after she had slipped outside.

"I'm free for dinner Saturday night."

Dean's brow folded. He slowly turned to a gray haired woman leaning on the machine next to him. A wry grin cut across her wrinkly cheeks, her eyes shimmering like diamonds.

Dean couldn't stop a smile. "I'll pick you up at eight."

She laughed sharply and slapped his arm. "Are you kidding? I'd starve to death by then! I eat at five on the dot so make it four-thirty."

"Bummer," Dean murmured under his breath, glancing back up front and wiping his face with the towel. He stared past Stacey, the wheels spinning in his mind, knowing what he had to do.

Downtown Milwaukee was warm and bustling. A joyful weekend vibe filled the active streets as couples walked arm in arm and cabs whisked drunken passengers to their next watering hole, where the party would continue long into the night. Smiling faces adorned the candlelit tables inside Sugars. The patrons lounged on red chairs and velvet couches, which were as inviting as the racks of colorful cupcakes and illuminated bottles of booze behind the counter.

Evy slid a tray of chocolate butter cream cayenne cupcakes, with a red sauce drizzled atop the swirled frosting, into the glass case up front. Soft jazz floated down from the speakers in the ceiling as her eyes swept across the pretty setting. She smiled, happy to be a part of something so magical. Last year at this time, she was managing a sports bar and wondering where she had gone wrong. Yet somehow, she had managed to stay positive and patient and it had all finally paid off.

She turned and went through a half door that swung freely into the kitchen, the bright lighting immediately extinguishing the romantic vibe up front. She checked the timer on one of the ovens and returned to a tray of tarts cooling on a large stainless steel table in the middle of the room. Using both hands, she carefully squeezed homemade whipped cream from a cone-shaped bag, unable to stop thinking about the guy at the gym. It had been nearly a week and she was still seeing his face. Evy couldn't remember his name - Steve maybe - but had no trouble recalling his striking features and broad shoulders. Tall guys had always been a turn on for her and she cursed herself for not giving him a shot. She wasn't that busy tomorrow night.

She squirted the whip cream in circular bursts around the tarts, unnerved by the wetness building inside her jeans. She imagined running her fingers through his brown hair and kissing those full lips. He looked like a good kisser, too, like he actually enjoyed a bit of foreplay rather than just diving right into dessert. She should have said yes. It had been a long year since finding out her fiance had gotten more than just a lap dance from some stripper at his bachelor party.

Evy moved to the next row of tarts, trying to convince herself that her plate was too full to be wasting time messing with some player. Nevertheless, the guy from the gym kept rising to the top, smiling at her with that mischievous grin, ravaging her with those big brown eyes. She shook her head, fighting the flush of heat between her legs, desperate to erase the image of his sculpted biceps with that vein running through them that always turned her on. The last thing she needed right now was more drama.

A wistful sigh escaped her as she kept hearing herself shoot him down inside her head. Not every guy was Richie, she told herself. Evy refused to become one of those woefully inadequate heroines from some sappy romance novel. She knew she was smart and pretty and would be damned if some cheating scumbag would take that away from her.

She grunted and moved on to the next row. After Richie, however, she had doubted herself a great deal but putting some time and miles between her and that dark day when that racy video had mysteriously shown up in her inbox had already done wonders. It had been a long twelve months and her needs and desires, whether she liked it or not, were beginning to awaken.

The tall guy's gorgeous face, with that scruffy jaw and pointed nose, flickered through her mind again. She shuddered as the need in her gut moaned with want for the first time in a long time. She squeezed the bag of whipped cream with both hands, imagining him naked. Defined hip bone cuts were her weakness and he probably had those too. She imagined slipping her hands down his gym shorts and finding him hard as a rock.

"You okay?"

Her heart fluttered as she looked up to see Ben standing there with long yellow dish gloves hiding the sleeves of tattoos covering his muscular arms. "God, you scared me," she said, blushing and returning her attention to the tarts. "I'm fine, why?"

He shrugged and set a clean pan on a silver rack along a yellow painted wall. "You looked like you were a thousand miles away."

"Just trying to make these perfect."

He rested his hands on his hips and inhaled, his chest stretching his t-shirt to its limits. "What's his name?"

"What's whose name?" a petite brunette said, bursting through the swinging door like a Texas tornado.

Ben fumbled a pack of smokes from his distressed jeans and nodded at Evy. "Your sister is fantasizing about having sex with some dude."

"Ben!" Evy barked. "I am not."

The tiny brunette with the same emerald colored eyes as Evy inhaled sharply. "Evy Burnett! That is wonderful! Who is he?"

Evy's face turned as red as a barn. "I wasn't fantasizing about anyone. Try minding your business for once, Brooke."

Brooke and Ben exchanged glances and moved in closer, dropping onto stools around the large island table.

"Where did you meet him?" Brooke asked flatly.

Evy released a defeated sigh, dropping her shoulders and stopping the whipped cream. "At the gym last Sunday."

"I knew it!" Ben grinned, popping a smoke between his lips.

"Was he hot?"

Evy bit back a grin. "And tall."

"Oooh," Brooke smiled brightly. "Sounds right up your alley."

"He asked me out, too."

Brooke's mouth went slack. "I hope you said yes."

Evy shook her head.

"Why not?" Ben asked, pulling a lighter out.

Evy cocked her head to one side. "Do you know what kind of guys hit on girls at the gym? Douchebag players."

Creases rippled through Brooke's forehead like time had just sped up and aged her ten years. "For your information, Evy, douchebag players know what they're doing in bed. They will service you right."

"She's got a point."

"Not my style, you guys know that," Evy replied, returning to the tarts.

"Well, you better make it your style because you need to get laid," Brooke said.

Ben's eyes silently darted back and forth between them.

Brooke tightened her pointed glare. "How long has it been? A year now?"

Evy finished the last tart and set the whipped cream bag aside. "I think I'll survive."

Brooke laughed sharply. "Not without spending a fortune on batteries!"

Ben chuckled and shook his head. "On that note," he said, exiting out a back door to have a smoke in the alley.

Brooke grabbed Evy's arm, demanding her full attention. "Do you want to grow old with a vibrator named Sparky? Is that what you want?"

Evy frowned without response.

Brooke's jaw dropped. "Oh, don't tell me you don't even have a vibrator."

An impish grin crept across Evy's face as she whisked the tarts up front with Brooke tailing her like a cop. Evy slid the tray above a rack of frosted brownies and looked up as the bell rang above the front door. Her stomach turned when she saw the guy from the gym walk in. "Oh shit," she mumbled under her breath, locking eyes with him.

Sugar and alcohol infused conversation and laughter muddied her thoughts as he came closer with a blond haired friend who wasn't nearly as tall. The cool air conditioning licked at her clammy skin as she wiped her sweaty palms on a black apron with the word Sugars stenciled across its front in hot pink.

The tall guy whose name she couldn't recall smiled as he approached the counter. "Hi Evy."

"You are following me," she said faintly.

Brooke glanced at Dean and narrowed her eyes.

"Thought we'd stop by and see what all the fuss was about."

Evy tucked a strand of hair that had managed to escape her ponytail behind an ear. "Fuss?"

"Yeah," Dean replied, taking the place in. "Everyone's talking about this place on Facebook, Twitter, the blogs...Pinterest."

An eyebrow leapt into the middle of Evy's forehead. "You're on Pinterest?"

"No, but Jon here is."

"Jon Vanguard," the blond friend said with confidence, extending his hand.

Evy hesitantly reached across the countertop and shook Jon's warm hand, the hint of a grin tugging at the corner of her lips.

"Good crowd for a Friday night," he said, scoping the place out.

"It's not bad," Evy responded, her eyes gravitating back to Dean. "It was really busy earlier."

"So what'ya got to drink?" Jon asked, craning his neck to see behind her.

"Tonight's special is an Apple Sage Ginger Mezcal Smash for nine dollars."

Jon frowned. "What the hell is that?"

Evy smiled. "It's Mezcal tequila and simple syrup muddled with apple, sage and ginger."

Jon traded a hesitant look with Dean. "How about two shots of the tequila and a couple of IPAs?"

She laughed and glanced at the tall guy whose name she couldn't remember, butterflies fluttering in her stomach. She turned to the rows of liquor bottles behind her and poured two shots before grabbing some beer bottles from a nearby cooler. Evy glanced in the mirror as she slowly poured the beers into glasses and busted Dean staring at her butt. Heat flashed between her legs and she flushed with embarrassment.

She turned back to them with the drinks and Dean handed her two twenties. Her fingers brushed against his as she took the money, sending electricity shooting through her veins. She smiled at him and stepped around her nosy sister.

Dean followed Evy to the cash register, watching her every move. "This place is really amazing."

"Thank you," she said, handing him back his change and catching another charge when they touched again.

Brooke moved in closer. "So who's tall, dark, and handsome here, Evy?"

"Jon Vanguard," Jon quickly replied, reaching his hand across the counter.

Brooke jerked her admiring gaze from Dean to Jon and shook his hand with a subtle laugh. "And this one?" she asked, turning back to Dean.

Evy shot the shorter brunette a look and returned her heated gaze to Dean, squeezing her eyes together in mystic wonder. "Steve, right?"

"Dean," he said, correcting her with a polite grin.

A mortified look stole across Evy's reddening face. She glanced at the shorter girl standing next to her. "This is my nosy little sister, Brooke."

Brooke reached across the counter and enthusiastically shook Dean's hand. "Nice to meet you, Dean."

"Nice to meet you," he smiled back. "You guys have a great place."

"Thank you," Brooke dreamily replied.

Jon raised a shot glass into the air. "Here's to making new friends," he said, shooting Brooke a wink that she didn't catch it.

Dean clanked his shot glass against Jon's and knocked it back.

"So is this the guy who asked you out at the gym the other day?"

"Brooke!" Evy gasped, clapping a hand over her heart.

Brooke studied Dean like he was a shiny new car. "How could you turn this gorgeous man down?"

Jon kicked Dean's foot below the counter and Dean smiled before sipping on his beer.

"I am going to kill you," Evy whispered out the corner of her mouth.

"Well, you're in luck, Dean," Brooke said, reaching behind Evy and untying her apron. "Evy just got off work!"

Evy spun away from Brooke, her loose apron twirling through the air like a ballroom gown.

Brooke snapped her close by the hand like a Latino dance partner and pulled the apron over Evy's head.

"Brooke stop," Evy quietly pleaded.

Brooke stood on her tippy toes and whispered in her sister's ear. Evy's eyes slowly drifted over to Dean and she slapped Brooke's arm, her face bunching into a tight ball. "Don't be so dirty," she whispered back.

Brooke giggled like a schoolgirl. "Have her back here by noon tomorrow, Deano!" she said, nudging Evy out from behind the counter and smacking her on the ass.

Evy gasped with the slap and took reluctant steps across the checkered floor, glancing back at Brooke for help who would only grin and wave. Evy turned back around and found herself looking up into Dean's eyes, her heart heaving in her chest. The smell of his cologne fanned her desire as they shared a simple moment that seemed to last for hours.

Jon pounded the rest of his beer and squeezed between them, headed for the front door. "Let's do this."

"Shall we?" Dean said, sweeping a hand out.

Evy swallowed hard and followed Jon outside with Dean behind her. She stopped on the wide sidewalk out front and adjusted her ponytail. "I can't go anywhere too fancy," she said, brushing flour from her black v-neck t-shirt. "I look like hell."

A confident smile parted Dean's lips. His rows of pearly whites sparkled in the glow of a nearby street lamp. "You look gorgeous."

"I'm wearing tennis shoes."

Jon's eyes lowered to her shoes. "Don't worry, we'll go somewhere low key."

***

A rainbow of flashing lights painted their faces with alternating strokes, the music's heavy bass rattling their bones. The DJ cradled one end of his headphones in his shoulder as he mixed with both hands, fueling the crowds' hungry hips on the dance floor.

When Dean saw Megan standing by the back bar he nearly had an aneurism. She turned around, a red Cosmo in each hand, and he breathed a sigh of relief. It wasn't Megan. He forced himself to relax and stretched his arm along the back of the long blue couch, pinning Evy's ponytail in the process. She tipped her head forward and he quickly relocated his arm.

"Sorry," he said with a sheepish grin, folding his hands in his lap.

Evy played with the end of her hair, taking in all the pretty girls in tight dresses and colorful high-heels. She leaned into Dean's ear and brushed a lip against his cheek. His heart flinched with the contact.

"I am way too under dressed for this place," she said over the music, the scent of vanilla floating from her breath.

He smiled at her. "Personally, I think you're overdressed. Why don't you take off your shirt and get comfortable."

Her head jerked back like some invisible entity had just slapped her across the face. She frowned at him, resisting a laugh and turning back to the dance floor. "It's so busy in here."

He kept his eyes glued to her, watching her twist her fingers. "I hadn't noticed."

She fell back into his big browns, trying to read him like a book, and quickly looked away.

He leaned into her ear, inhaling another whiff of her sweet smell, delaying what he was about to say for as long as humanly possible. From this close, her lips looked soft as pillows and all he could think about was sucking on them until she begged for more. "Trust me, Evy, you look amazing."

The lights flickered across her skeptical face.

"You must work out," he said, finally getting her to laugh.

"Do you guys come here a lot?"

He opened his mouth and hesitated, seeing himself with Megan on this very couch just last Saturday night. "Not much," he lied, scooting closer. "So where do you hang out?"

"Sugars," she replied flatly. "It takes up most of my time right now."

"I bet. New business in a new city, that's a lot to handle."

Her green eyes found him in their sights and his pulse quickened. She stared at him for a moment and turned back to the throbbing crowd. Dean, however, couldn't turn away so easily. He loved the way her gaze slowly gravitated back to him every few seconds. He waited for it and started counting - one Mississippi, two, Mississippi, three Mississippi. Evy turned back to face him and he tried not to laugh.

"What?"

He shook his head, wanting to know everything about her but not wanting to spoil the moment with words. She tore her gaze back to the dance floor and it filled him with joy knowing those eyes would soon be back. He impatiently awaited their return, adjusting his jeans which were riding him in the crotch.

"Okay, who ordered the lamb?" Jon yelled, magically appearing out of thin air with three shot glasses in his hands.

"Oh, hell no," Dean said, taking one of them off his hands.

Jon shoved one in front of Evy, who eyeballed it like spiders were crawling about inside. She held up a palm. "Oh, I don't..."

"Take it!" Jon said, gesturing with the glass and spilling a little of the clear liquid onto the wood planks between her shoes.

She took it before he could spill any on her as a pretty waitress dropped off a tray of Heinekens.

Jon thanked her with some folded bills and told her to keep it. She gave Dean fuck me eyes and Evy frowned. Jon watched the waitress disappear into the gyrating mass on the dance floor, licking his lips from one side to the other. He turned back around and raised his shot glass into the sweaty smelling air. "Here is to the rousing success of Sugars, my new favorite after dinner retreat!"

Evy smiled and clanked her glass against theirs. They tossed them back, grimaced with the tequila's burn, and slammed the glasses onto a narrow coffee table with a relaxing shade of red glowing from its core. Jon chased the shot with a long swig from a Heineken bottle. "Whoo! Now, that's what I'm talkin about!" He sat down on the other side of Evy and surveyed the crowd, his head bobbing along with the music. "Ass soup tonight!"

Evy arched a puzzled eyebrow at him and Dean gladly took the opportunity to lean into her ear, much closer than needed. "He means it's an...attractive crowd."

Her perplexed frown morphed into a laugh.

"So is your sister single?"

She smiled warmly at Jon. "She's married."

"Bummer," Jon replied dully, returning his attention to two dark skinned girls with long brown hair tearing up the dance floor. "So what's up with giving my boy here the slip two times in a row?" he asked, jerking his chin at Dean.

She turned to Dean and sharpened her gaze. "I know a player when I see one."

Dean's jaw dropped in mock horror. "Me?"

Jon leaned in closer to Evy and Dean wished it was him. "Don't hate the player, hate the game, girl! He can't help it if women fall all over him."

She turned to Dean and wrinkled her brow. "You poor baby."

Dean's shoulders rose to his ears. "It's an old family curse."

"His problem is he's been looking for love in all the wrong places," Jon said, enjoying watching Dean squirm.

Dean rolled his eyes and took a long drink, hiding behind his beer bottle for as long as humanely possible.

Evy squinted at Jon. "That sounds like a country song."

He shrugged apathetically while scanning the club. "All I know is you're only going to find rotten skanks in a place like this. Dean needs someone wholesome to sweep him off his feet and he ain't gonna find that in here," he said, his eyes following the tight butt of a pretty redhead walking by. "Trust me."

Evy studied Jon while Dean shot him a look that could kill behind her back. "Wow, you're a really good wingman, Jon!" she said over the driving beat. "I'm impressed."

Jon gestured with his bottle, spilling some beer that Evy narrowly dodged. "My boy here runs a lot deeper than you think, Evy. Don't let his superficial good looks and charm fool you. Dude cried during The Notebook."

She leaned into Jon and laughed, the tequila already making her insides tingle.

"Bullshit," Dean barked, trying to sound offended but unable to stop a smile from spreading like the flu. "I cried during the The Vow."

Evy laughed harder, making his heart inflate to twice its normal size. She took a drink of her beer while examining him through warm pools of green.

Jon gestured to Dean again with his bottle. "Guy like that won't be on the market much longer, sweetheart."

Dean scooted closer to Evy to change the subject as his cell vibrated two times in his pocket, signaling an incoming text message. "He's drunk; don't listen to a word he says. So what do you think of Milwaukee so far?" he asked, glaring at Jon, who held up his hands in surrender.

"I really like it. It's so beautiful down by the lake."

"Just wait till Summerfest," Dean told her, digging his phone out.

"That's what everyone keeps saying."

Without saying a word, Jon got up and started dancing with the two dark skinned girls on the other side of the dance floor. Their annoyed looks quickly turned to smiles when he unleashed his wild moves upon them.

Dean shook his head and chuckled. "You can't beat the summertime in Milwaukee, but you blink and you'll miss it."

Evy's eyes narrowed.

"It gets cold quick," he explained, looking down at his phone. A shot of adrenaline flooded his system when he saw the picture of Megan lying naked on a pink bed with her legs spread wide open. Evy craned her neck for a better view and Dean scrambled to back out of the screen, dropping the phone to the hardwood floor where it cart wheeled out of reach. He bent down to snatch it just as a leggy blond at the other end of the long couch picked it up. The bright screen illuminated her face. Her eyes widened. She turned to Dean, staring at him through incredulous eyes, and slowly handed it back.

"Thank you," he said shamefacedly, pocketing the phone and sitting back down.

The blond batted her fake lashes at him and whispered something to her girlfriend, who glanced over at Dean. The two burst into an animated case of the giggles, sizing him up from head to toe.

"Are you all right?" Evy asked with a scrunched up face.

"All thumbs today," he smiled.

"Are you always so smooth? I about died laughing when you spilt that lady's drink at Panera."

Dean exhaled a long breath, relieved Evy hadn't seen Megan's revealing picture. He was thankful for the energetic lights masking his flushed face. "You saw that, huh?"

"I almost hit an elderly couple crossing the parking lot I was laughing so hard."

He watched her lips wrap around her bottle of beer and he wanted to be that bottle more than anything in the world. It was absurd. Something was happening inside of him he couldn't define. Serving up natural conversation with his silver tongue had always been smooth and easy, but with her it took effort and he wondered if he had a fever. Evy's sultry gaze jerked back to him and his heart skipped a beat. She smiled as the booze loosened her up. He couldn't stop himself from getting lost in the sea of green staring back at him.

She dropped her gaze to her bottle and began picking at its label as a comfortable silence fell between them. He waited for those eyes to return, knowing they would.

On cue, her emerald gaze alighted on him, sending fire blazing through his veins. He wanted to grab her and kiss her and was certain sure she felt the same. A swarm of butterflies launched in his stomach, their wings tickling his insides as they held each other's gaze, communicating their thoughts and desires without saying a word.

She leaned in closer, making him do the same. "So...what do you do? For work?"

He wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her across the couch. She slid up against him with a faint whimper bursting from her lips. Her startled expression made him regret the move. It was too much too soon, but he kept his arm around her just the same.

"What's that?"

She opened her mouth to repeat her question, basking in his glow without pulling away.

Sweet relief swept over Dean like a cool ocean wave, instantly quenching any apprehension he may have had. Her body heat flushed against his side, stealing his breath. There was a stirring in his jeans as he waited for her to reply to a question he no longer remembered asking. His eyes traveled from her eyes to her lips and back again.

She watched him in silent wonder, her lips dangling in the air, her memory long abandoned by the question. Her hand found his knee to stop herself from falling into him.

They were so close, he could feel her warm breath on his face and, yet, he had to get closer. His hand curled around her hip and pulled. She moaned again, their eyes dancing with the beat of their hearts. Bright lights jumped across their faces. He opened his mouth, tasting her sweet lips before even making contact, his erection searching for a way out of his jeans like a whale trapped beneath a sheet of ice. He leaned in closer.

"Deano!"

Dean looked up just in time to see a girl with long black hair and blue eyes drop into his lap, spilling his beer onto Evy's jeans. "Whoa, Becky!" he cried out, trying to regain control of his frosty beverage.

Becky wrapped her arms around Dean's neck and planted a sloppy kiss on his cheek. He pushed her away with his free hand while she painted him with a drunken grin. "Why haven't you come over to see me yet?"

He tried his best to control his annoyance at the rude interruption. It was all he could do to keep from dumping her onto the floor with a double thud. "We just got here," he replied coolly, swapping glances with Evy as she gradually retreated down the couch.

Becky stuck her head in-between them, blocking Dean's view of the most beautiful thing he had ever seen, demanding his full attention. "Aren't I still your favorite bartender?" She brushed an index finger across the tip of his nose. "Boop!"

An uneasy laugh squirmed free as he twisted beneath her weight. "You know you are."

She buried her head in his neck and inhaled his scent. He pushed her away and she pulled him closer, kissing his neck and making him fidget. She leaned back and looked into his eyes. "Then come dance with me while I'm on break," she said, grinding her curvy buttocks into his lap with the house music. Her eyes lit up. "Ooh, someone's happy to see me!"

His face turned as red as the glowing table. "I'm going to have to take a rain check on that," he said, trying to free his groin from her crushing attack.

Her face fell, turning a multitude of flashing colors.

"I'm with someone."

Creases snaked through her fake-baked forehead. "Who?"

He craned his neck to look over her shoulder, his mouth opening to introduce her to Evy, praying that Becky would play nice and make a graceful exit. His heart sank. "Shit," he said, scanning the empty couch and pushing Becky off him.

She fell onto the velvety cushions with a soft bounce, her startled eyes boring holes straight through him. "Hey!" she bellowed, struggling to sit up.

He pushed her legs off of him and set his beer down on the table without looking at her again. His round eyes scoured the large room as he waded through the thick crowd. He cut through them like a warm knife, seeing Evy standing in the shadows against a far wall only to find out it was someone else upon closer inspection. He saw Jon bouncing up and down with the dark skinned girls in perfect rhythm. A strobe light kicked in, making them move like stuttering robots as the song hit its crescendo. The strobe cut out, releasing the crowd back into a flurry of unbridled dancing. Jon looked up and raised a fist for Dean to bump. Dean ignored him and kept moving.

The line of girls waiting to use the restroom in the back was long and loud and Evy free. He ran a hand through his hair and turned for the front doors, dread growing in the pit of his stomach. He nodded to the two burly bouncers guarding the entrance as he spilled outside. The cool breeze felt good against his skin and he could finally think again without the blaring music muddying his thoughts. The walkway out front was hectic with small groups of smokers and people shuffling past to their next destination. His heart hammered inside his chest. He spun in circles on his heels. This wasn't how it was supposed to go down. He started for Sugars, reversing the way they had come. When he saw her his heart lurched into his throat. He picked up his pace and darted into the street. A silver SUV slammed on its brakes and Dean barely noticed.

"Hey!" Dean said, taking her arm as the SUV whipped around them.

She twirled around and hit him with those green eyes, sending a shiver down his spine.

"Why did you leave?"

She glanced down the street. "I have to help Brooke close up."

He followed her wandering gaze, his mind swimming in a sea of longing with no land in sight. He must have a fever. "No you don't."

"Yes, I do."

"Then I'll go with you."

She shook her head. "You shouldn't leave your friend."

"He'll make new ones."

"I'm sure he will," she scoffed.

His face soured. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"It means I think you have enough friends on your hands already."

He snorted, still holding onto her arm, her soft skin making his knees weak. "So you don't...wanna be friends?"

Evy lowered her gaze to the pavement and kicked a red Solo cup off to the side. She looked back up, unable to stop herself. They stood frozen, staring into each other's eyes. Time seemed to stop, or speed up. It was difficult to tell. Dean's hope danced perilously close to the edge of a high cliff, ready to jump into his arms or topple over the side, crashing into a million pieces on the jagged rocks below.

She finally dropped his sweltering gaze. "I just think this isn't the best time for..."

A speeding cab laid on its horn.

With a quick jerk he pulled her against him, the blur of yellow just missing her leg. They stood face to face in the middle of the street, her startled eyes looking up into his, silently pleading for him to stop whatever he was doing. He cupped her face in his hands and dipped his chin. Their lips hovered inches apart as his eyes ravished her features, spellbound by something he was at a loss to explain. Her eyes glittered with heat, making them glow. He licked his lips, ignoring the way his heart was pounding against his ribcage. When she took a step back he pulled her close and brought his mouth down onto hers, forcefully kissing her with a needful passion that refused to be denied. A soft whimper escaped through her nose from somewhere deep down inside. Her arms spread out into the air for balance as he took what he so desperately desired.

His lips pressed against hers with fervor, sucking and caressing, moving from top to bottom. She pushed against his shoulders, trying to resist with little resolve. He kissed her harder and her hands gradually relented, wrapping around his neck and pulling him in. She shut her eyes and sent her warm tongue slipping through his lips. Stars exploded behind his eyelids, lighting up the darkness like the Fourth of July. Headlights swerved around them, the drivers' angry horns falling on deaf ears. Their lips probed each other like they had met before, pulling and pressing with a familiar repose. They were the only two people on Earth and time had definitely stopped.

They broke the kiss to catch their racing breath. Dean's chest rose and fell beneath his black button down as he stared into her star-crossed eyes. Her hand slid down his rounded shoulder and pressed into his chest, accepting his heart beat into her open palm, the rapid hammering telling her something words could not. She melted into his eyes, unable to utter a single sound, let alone an entire word.

"We should probably get out of the street," he panted.

She grabbed a fistful of his shirt and pulled his lips to hers, pouring gasoline on the fire inside his pants. Their firm embrace was greedy and relentless. He cupped the curves hiding inside her tight jeans and pulled her body against his, pressing his groin against her stomach. Her eyes widened as his hardness stole her breath.

A cop car stopped in the street and splashed them with red and blue, adding to their dream-like state. Evy's mouth breathed sweet air into him that he would surely die without. Their heads rocked back and forth as she emptied her life force into him with reckless abandon.

A screaming siren punctured the night with a double beep. "Getouttathegoddamnstreet!" a man squawked over a PA system in a continuous string, jerking them from their trance.

Dean turned and raised a hand to the cop, leading Evy across the street by the hand. They hopped up onto the sidewalk and began back-tracking their course to Sugars in a stunned silence, both trying to come to grips with what had just happened. His mind raced nearly as fast as his pulse. He glanced over at Evy to make sure she was real. She looked up and smiled, confirming her validity with swollen red lips. He squeezed her hand, refusing to let it go for anything in the world. She squeezed back and giggled softly. Dean laughed with her, sucking in massive gulps of air that tasted like cotton candy.

Everything was brighter and more vibrant than ever before. They passed massive flower pots dotting the downtown sidewalks, their petals in full bloom, just like his heart. Soft jazz floated from a set of open double doors with a big black guy standing guard outside. He nodded at them and smiled brightly, catching a small taste of their magical aura. It was contagious. Whatever they had just discovered between them was as infectious as a bad case of the giggles.

Evy studied Dean through thoughtful eyes. "What just happened back there?"

His gaze swept over to her as they crossed another street. "I think a tanker truck or something exploded."

She clapped a hand over her beating heart, a practice he had already grown to love. "That was..."

"Perfect," he muttered, finishing her sentence for her.

Two younger girls, drunkenly walking arm in arm in skintight dresses and high heels, smiled warmly and said hello as they passed by. Whatever it was, others could see it in their faces. Could feel it.

Evy and Dean continued walking, their shoes floating above the ground. They were at least two feet taller than everyone else, walking on air. She glanced up at his strong profile and squeezed his hand, simultaneously signaling her surrender and his victory with one simple gesture. "You're not from this planet, are you?"

He laughed. "Me? I'm not the one with white wings and flowers in her hair?" He yanked her to a stop and turned to face her. "You are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen."

A bashful smile graced her lips. "I bet you say that to all the girls."

"But this time I mean it."

She chuckled and he leaned in to kiss her again, needing just one more fix to get them to where they were going.

"Yo, whassup, man, you gotta smoke?"

Dean turned to see a white guy step out from a darkened alley with his pants hanging down to his ass crack and his ball cap turned sideways. Black tats spider-webbed across his wiry arms as he eyeballed Evy. Dean tightened his grip on her hand and led her around the guy. "Don't smoke," he said shortly, towing her along.

Evy screamed when the guy grabbed her purse and yanked hard, pulling her and Dean backwards. Without hesitation, Dean flew through the air and punched the guy squarely in the face, dropping him where he stood. Dean towered over him, the sparkle in his eyes now hardened with rage.

"Damn, man," the guy groaned, rubbing his jaw. "I just wanted a smoke, dude."

"Next time you'll want a doctor, asshole," Dean said through gritted teeth, turning to Evy. "Are you okay?"

She slung her purse over her shoulder with a weak nod.

He took her hand and kept moving without looking back.

"That scared the shit out of me," she said, taking hurried steps to keep up.

"Welcome to the big city."

"You reacted so fast," she gasped. "Like Edward Cullen fast."

He flashed a cocky smile without slowing. "Those guys always ask to bum a smoke right before they jack you up. It's a dead giveaway every time. They should try some new material." He wrapped an arm around her shoulders and pulled her against him, slowing his stride. With their body heat blending, he tried not to stare at her breasts poking through her t-shirt but couldn't help it. He wanted to rip that shirt off and take them into his mouth. Bite down on her nipples until she arched her back and moaned in delight.

"You really are from another planet."

He laughed uneasily.

"What's your weakness? Kryptonite?"

He turned to her and softened his gaze. "You."

She stared blankly at him as the world revolved around them. She was his and he was hers, each heavenly step confirming it in his mind. They rounded a corner, arm in arm like a couple who had been dating for years. Sugars sat up ahead, dark and quiet.

Her brow folded.

"What's wrong?"

"She must have closed up early. What time is it anyway?"

Dean checked a silver watch on his wrist. "Quarter to two."

"In the morning? How'd it get so late?"

A devilish grin met her incredulous stare. "Time flies when you're havin fun."

She smiled and dug a ring of keys from her bag.

He swooped in and pulled her against him. She screamed out in surprise, still unnerved after the near mugging. Her keys fell to the sidewalk when he started kissing her hard. They probed each other with a fevered intensity, their heads swaying back and forth in perfect compliment, like they had done this a million times before.

Evy tore herself away, her lungs begging for breath. "You have to stop doing that."

He drew in a deep breath and returned it into the night. "Never."

She locked eyes with him, weighing his statement, everything and everyone dissolving into another place and time. He still wasn't sure if it was real or not as he reluctantly left those warm green pools to pick up her keys. The metal felt cold in his hand. Felt real. She took them from him and shook her head, trying to clear away the fog swirling inside her head. He watched her unlock the door, her shapely rear end driving him to the brink of disaster. He had to feel it again but she was already pushing through the door and entering the darkened dessert bar.

A nearby streetlight spilled through the large front window, basking them in thick shadows as they crept past the vacant tables and chairs. Even her silhouette was amazing. She led him behind the counter and through the swinging door into the back, where she hit a light switch that brought a modest sized kitchen to life.

She slid a gun, loaded with a tube of chocolate frosting, off the worktable in the middle of the room and hurriedly tucked it away in a walk-in cooler stocked with eggs, cheese, milk, and cases of cold beer.

"So this is where all the magic happens, huh?" he asked, surveying the room's many shelves of flour, sugar and spices. Four industrial-sized ovens rested quietly against two walls. "I bet it gets hot in here when those things are cookin."

She spun around to him, aghast.

He leaned against an industrial sized mixer bolted to the floor, his eyebrows drawing together. "What's wrong?"

"I don't even know what you do for work."

A relieved smile broke across his face. "I'm a corporate lawyer for a small, up and coming firm."

"Oh," she said, overly understandingly. "Well, if anyone tries to sue us because our coffee is too hot I guess I'll know who to call."

"Hopefully you'll call either way."

She leaned up against the cold island table and folded her arms across her breasts. "Your parents must be proud."

He winced and tried to hide it, hating this turn in the conversation no matter who he was with, especially now. The pity in their eyes was always embarrassing and the last thing he wanted was anyone's pity. He had done just fine on his own. "My parents died in a car accident several years ago."

Evy moaned softly while that dreaded pity seeped into her eyes. "I'm sorry."

He shook his head and peered through a small window with a desk and chair on the other side, unable to look into her eyes. "It was a long time ago."

"How old were you?"

"Nineteen."

She wrinkled her brow. "How old are you now?"

"Thirty-four. How old are you?" he asked, eager to change the subject.

"Twenty-eight." Her eyes narrowed, the pity slowly draining away. "What's your last name?"

He smiled. "Jacobs. And yours?"

"Burnett," she said faintly, as if still contemplating his last name, trying it out on her mental tongue.

The humming fluorescents buzzed in their ears. His eyes explored her silky skin, his pulse beating against his neck. She stared at him without speaking. He wanted to know more about her but had no clue where to even begin.

"Siblings?"

He shook his head.

The pity crept back into her eyes, making him shift from one foot to the other. She tilted her head to the side. "So where do you...spend the holidays?"

"At my friend Shaun's house...with his family."

She nodded and stepped closer, drawn to him like a magnetic.

"Are your parents in Des Moines?" he asked, taking a step toward her.

"Uh-huh."

He took her face in his hand. "Any other brothers or sisters?"

His thumb gently traced along her jaw line, making her eyelids grow heavy. "Just Brooke," she replied, nestling her cheek into his palm.

Dean wasn't sure if she had even heard the question and didn't care. He inhaled a breath of chocolate swirling with mint as she explored his stomach. His abs twitched beneath her delicate touch and her lips curled at the corners, pleased with his reaction. Her fingertips ran along his beltline. He set his jaw and watched her slide a hand up his shirt, flesh on flesh. His heart rate quickened. Her lips called out to him, intoxicating and terrifying him at the same time. Evy stopped her hand over his thumping heart and watched his expression. Dean grabbed her by the ponytail and pulled. A soft moan burst from her lips. He looked her over for three or four seconds, exploring her like a newly discovered planet, and slowly lowered his mouth to her neck.

The next morning was overcast and dreary, in direct contrast to what Evy was feeling inside. The air was wet with drizzle and tasted sweeter than ever before. Everything looked magical, like seeing it for the first time through a child's eyes. The birds sang out from above, their spiraling trills music to her ears. A Monarch butterfly flittered along and accompanied her through a quiet stretch of downtown, before pulling over at a purple coneflower for breakfast. Even the bums looked peaceful, like they had recently showered and shaved. A thin man with a bushy gray beard leaned against a closed up liquor store. He tipped his tattered cap and returned her warm smile. She told him good morning and started to hum.

Evy had already tried thinking about something else, anything to keep the titillating distraction of Dean Jacobs at bay, but it was too much work. She shook her head, ashamed for letting some strange guy pull her thoughts from Sugars. It was her baby and here she was already thinking about something else. She owed it to Brooke and Ben to stay focused. It was their baby, too.

She rounded the corner as the early morning sun began peeking out from the rolling clouds, her upbeat mood seeming to give the burning star the extra boost it needed. Her pulse quickened when she saw the spot where they had kissed last night in front of Sugars. She could still feel his warm lips on hers, his hands gently exploring her trembling body, the smell of his cologne stirring her hormones into a whirlwind. She fumbled through her keys and unlocked the glass door, ringing the bell when she pushed through.

Brooke looked up from a square table where she was wrapping silverware inside burgundy-colored silk napkins that had cost them a fortune.

"Sorry I'm late."

Brooke set a completed roll inside a gray bus tub, a sly grin pilfering her expression. "Well, well, well, I don't think I've ever seen anyone look so good to bake cupcakes and turnovers." Brooke crossed her arms and eyeballed Maris from top to bottom. "Expecting a visitor today?"

"I heard Ryan Gosling is in town filming the next Bridesmaids," Evy replied sarcastically, going behind the counter.

Brooke's shit-eating grin plunged into her lap. She sprang to her feet and followed her sister into the kitchen. "Don't even joke around about something like that, Evy! We'll close up shop for the day and go watch." She trailed Evy into the tiny office and watched her deposit her purse onto a wooden chair with wheels. "So, how'd it go last night?" Brooke asked, leaning against the door frame.

"It went good," Evy answered, lacking conviction in her voice while flipping through some recently opened bills.

"Just good?"

"It was..." Evy trailed off for a few seconds as an image of Dean's soft lips slipped through her mind. "...pretty good. We weren't out long."

"No?"

"No."

Brooke nodded slowly. "So did you take my advice?"

Evy looked up from the bills and narrowed her eyes.

"Ya know, did you put frosting on his cock and blow his doors off? I left it sitting out on the counter last night." She gestured to the kitchen behind her without looking.

Evy dropped the bills back to the desk and tried not to laugh. "No, Brooke I did not put frosting on his cock and blow his doors off," she said, pulling her hair back into a ponytail. "Where do you even come up with this stuff?"

"With Ben," she grinned. "Why do you think we're always low on whip cream?"

"Ewe," Evy squealed, shaking off a sudden case of the creeps and pushing past Brooke.

"Don't worry, we always sanitize everything when we're done." Brooke added, following her back up front where the morning sun was starting to come through the windows. "Oh my God! Don't tell me he has a banana dick! I knew he was too perfect."

Evy stopped behind the bowed case of tarts, apple strudel coffee cake squares and frosted pumpkin bars. "What? No!"

Brooke stepped closer, studying her sister through grave eyes, and lowered her voice. "Did you sleep with him? Tell me the truth."

"No, I did not sleep with him."

"Then how do you know he doesn't have a banana dick?"

Evy threw her head back and laughed. "I don't!"

"Well, you better find out, because that's a deal breaker."

Evy pulled a black apron over her head and tied it behind her back. "I'll be sure to get right on that, Brooke," she scoffed, finishing the bow with a solid tug.

Brooke leaned up against a counter already supporting a fancy espresso machine. "That was the first thing I checked on Ben."

"Why doesn't that surprise me?" Evy mumbled, firing up the heavy duty espresso and coffee machines.

"So...did you at least kiss him?"

"Nope."

Brooke took a few seconds to study Evy's face. "Really?"

"Really," Evy replied, pulling some empty trays from the glass case and closing it back up.

"Not even one little smooch?"

"Not a one," Evy replied smugly, whisking back into the kitchen.

Brooke followed her like a shadow and watched Evy dump the empty trays into a large sink with an industrial sprayer mounted above it. "I think there's something you should see."

Evy started rinsing the trays off. "And what's that?"

"Come and see."

Evy looked over her shoulder and stopped the sprayer. "See what?"

Brooke nodded toward the office and started walking. Evy sighed and followed, drying her hands on her apron. Brooke took a seat in the chair behind the desk and flipped on a computer monitor as Evy came around and sat on the desk's edge. Brooke shot her a sardonic look and hit play. The monitor blinked to life, jerking a grainy image into focus.

Evy inhaled sharply, the blood rushing to her head turning her face beet red. "Oh my God!"

Brooke turned back to the screen just in time to see Dean yank Evy's head back by her ponytail.

Evy watched in horror, her hands over her mouth. "Turn it off!" she said, watching their lips mingle with a passion on the screen that still gave her the goose bumps. The grainy color video sucked her in, taking her back to last night with its regalia of flickering lights and mind numbing explosions. Her insides turned to mush and she tried to look away but couldn't as Dean cradled her cheek and inhaled her in. It was euphoric and made her wet between the legs. She wanted him and wanted him now. The way he looked into her eyes when they pulled apart tugged at her heart.

Brooke pointed to the screen. "Is that a boner?"

"No!" Evy snapped, reaching over and shutting off the monitor.

Brooke leaned back in the chair and interlocked her fingers behind her head. "Thought you said you didn't kiss him."

Evy pointed to the screen. "That is an invasion of my privacy!"

"Why didn't you let him go all the way?"

Evy stormed out of the office in a huff with Brooke hot on her heels. "We just met."

Brooke threw her arms out. "Hey, at least you let him get a little boob."

"Brooke," Evy groaned.

"Evy, that was the sweetest thing I've ever seen. It was like a movie."

Evy grabbed the sprayer but didn't squeeze the handle, staring down at the dirty trays in the sink through faraway eyes. "It was a mistake."

"Excuse me?" Brooke gasped. "How can that be a mistake?" She pointed to the scene of the crime. "I haven't seen that much passion since I drank an entire bottle of wine by myself and watched Dear John!"

Evy exhaled slowly and squeezed the sprayer, blasting frosting and crumbs from the yellow trays with steaming hot water. "He's a player, Brooke. You should've seen the girls falling all over him last night," she said, placing the trays into a plastic green rack. "I bet he's slept with half the women in this town."

Brooke threw her hands out in frustration. "Exactly! Which means he's good in bed!"

Evy rolled her eyes and slid the green rack into a silver dishwasher, pulled the roll-top door down and pressed a green button on its side, igniting a loud hum inside as the machine began its soaking cycle. "It's not a good time. I need to stay focused on this place."

Brooke stepped closer and took her sister's hand, their eyes meeting. "Honey, listen, you are more than capable of handling two things at one time."

"I know I am, but I just don't..."

"Evy, sweetie, you can't go around thinking everyone is a jerk-off like Richie because they're not. Trust me." Evy opened her mouth to protest but Brooke pressed a finger to her lips. "Richie was your high school sweetheart who never grew up. He was like Peter Pan with a little tiny peter. You said it yourself."

Evy frowned and tried to pull her hand back.

Brooke tightened her grip. "Now is the time to start taking some chances. Sugars is doing awesome and, let's face it, you're not getting any younger."

"Thanks."

"Listen, you can't go around letting one asshole rule your destiny because you're afraid it will happen again." The dishwasher kicked into a different gear and Brooke squeezed Evy's hand and pulled her into the middle of the room. "Leave the past in the past and just use Dean for mind-blowing sex. That way you won't get hurt."

"Brooke, you know I'm not good with one night stands. They're so awkward."

"I've told you this a thousand times - always have a cab company in your phone, always go to their place, and always leave when they're sleeping."

"What if they wake up?"

Brooke sighed. "Who cares? Most of em are just thankful you're leaving and pretend they're asleep."

Evy inhaled a deep breath, her eyes roaming the kitchen without seeing the kitchen, and exhaled slowly.

"This is how you get good, Evy. Everyone does it."

Evy envisioned Dean on top of her, his sweat running onto her swollen breasts.

Brooke leaned in close to Evy's ear and lowered her voice. "You don't have to marry the guy. Just sit back and enjoy the ride."

Evy shook her head, hating it when her sister was right.

"And by that I mean I want you to fuck his brains out."

Evy laughed out loud and crossed over to a dry goods rack on the other side of the room.

Brooke watched Evy fill her arms with boxes of straws, napkins and candles. "You're still on the pill, right?"

"Yes," Evy replied dully, heading for the swinging door. "Not that it's any of your business."

"Then I want you to whip out his giant cock and fuck him ten ways to Sunday until you've gained fifteen pounds from his salty semen!"

Evy pushed through the door and stopped in her tracks. Brooke crashed into her from behind and poked her head around, gaping at the slack jawed man staring back from the other side of the counter. He tipped a white peaked cap at them with an uneasy smile. "Mornin."

"Oops," Brooke murmured.

"I...just need a signature." He nodded to the dolly of stacked milk crates next to him.

Evy dropped her load onto a counter and rushed over to sign the man's electronic tablet. "Thank you," she smiled, her face flushing as much as his.

He looked from Evy to Brooke in a staggered moment of silence before wheeling the cart back to the walk-in cooler.

Evy turned a pointed glare to Brooke, who quietly shrugged in response.

"Nice job locking the door," Brooke whispered, glancing into the kitchen. "He could've been a serial rapist."

"See? I'm forgetting stuff already. I can't get mixed up with anyone right now."

Brooke stepped closer, gritting her teeth. "I am telling you right now...if you don't get some of Dean's big hard dick, someone else will. Guys like that don't stay on the market for long."

"So I've heard," Evy muttered.

"He likes you, Evy," Brooke moaned. "The least you could do is let him eat you out."

"I really like what you've done with..." the milk man trailed off, coming back up front with his empty dolly, "the place." He cleared his throat. "If you ever need any help...changing a light bulb or anything, I'm always around."

They stared at him with blank expressions. He stretched his lips into a tightlipped smile and rolled the dolly toward the front door, a squeaky wheel loudly protesting along the way.

He turned at the door and swallowed thickly. "Okay, sounds good then. Have a nice day." He used his butt to push on the door, which didn't budge, and quickly realized he had to pull to get out. With another tip of his hat, he flashed them a sheepish smile and stumbled outside.

They watched him hop up into a boxy truck and speed away, crop-dusting the sidewalk with gray fumes.

Brooke snorted. "We're going to need a louder bell."

***

Dark clouds rolled in during the afternoon, reclaiming the sun and bathing the day in a foreboding grayness that drained everything of its color. Dean shut the door on his Jeep Grand Cherokee and started across the parking lot with last night's events replaying through his mind like a broken record. It took everything he had not to call Evy right now. He was dying to know if she had even given him her real number, but mainly he just wanted to hear her voice again. He kicked a rock across the pavement, still not convinced he wasn't coming down with something. Normally, the last thing he wanted to do the day after a date was talk to them on the phone.

A wide smile crept across the hostess' pretty face when Dean stepped through the double glass doors. The cool air conditioning washed over him as she pulled a menu from a nearby stack without breaking eye contact. "Just one today?"

"I'm meeting some friends," he answered, glancing around the crowded room. The place suddenly exploded into wild cheers and applause as the Milwaukee Brewers drove in another run on the many flat screens lining the tall walls. "They're probably outside."

"Let's go take a look," she smiled coyly, leading him across the buzzing room.

He scanned the absorbed faces and couldn't imagine concentrating on a baseball game right now, which only fueled his suspicions he had contracted some form of a debilitating virus. He loved Brewers games but today they seemed like background music at best. He followed the hostess outside onto a spacious patio, the sports bar's clamor fading as the door slowly swung shut behind them. Shaun waved from the far side where he sat with Jon.

"Over there."

She followed Dean's gaze and continued their trek.

"There he is!" Shaun bellowed, dropping a balled up napkin onto a pile of others. "The man, the myth, the urban legend!"

The hostess set the menu on the table in front of Dean. "Is there anything else I can get you?" she asked, batting her lashes while awaiting his next command.

"IPA on tap?"

A grin sliced across her youthful face, clearly pleased to be making a return trip. "I'll be right back." She turned for the door without asking Shaun or Jon if they needed anything and cut through the spattering of tables and chairs.

Shaun watched her go, munching on a maple-honey-hot wing. A brownish red sauce lined his lips, making them look bigger than normal. "How do you do it?"

Dean glanced over his shoulder, catching a parting shot of the girl's tight little butt. "It's a gift."

"God, I'd like to hit that," Shaun whispered, taking a sip of his beer. "If I had a get-out-of-jail-free card I'd use it on her in a heartbeat."

"I'm recording this entire conversation," Dean said.

"No you're not."

"Gonna play it back for Carrie later tonight."

"No you're not."

"Nice!" Jon said, pumping a fist while focusing on one of the three flat-screens hanging beneath the striped awning. "Brewers are going all the way this year, fellas! Hear me now, believe me later."

Shaun paid the game no attention, keeping his eyes glued to Dean. "So, how'd it go with you last night? I heard ya ghosted Jon at the club."

"Yeah, what's up with that?" Jon said, not taking his eyes from the TV. "Never leave your wingman, yo!"

Shaun slowly shook his head in disgust. "Never leave your wingman, yo."

"Sorry, but Becky showed up and scared off Evy," Dean said, stealing a drink from Jon's beer while he wasn't looking. "It wasn't pretty."

Jon's Brewers t-shirt bounced on his shoulders when he shrugged. "It's all good. I ended up pulling both of those hotties I was dancing with anyway."

Dean scrunched his face up. "Seriously?"

Jon finally turned to him with a shit-eating grin. "You're not the only playa in town, dude."

"What about you?" Shaun asked, biting into another wing and looking at Dean. "Did you pull?"

"I did not."

A heavy frown stole across Jon's face. "What? Are you getting sick or something?"

"Holy shit, he must be in love! Deano never lets em get away."

Jon fanned a hand through the air and turned back to the TV. "He's not in love."

"I don't know man, you shoulda seen the way he was drooling all over this girl last weekend at Panera."

Dean leaned back in his chair and massaged his face with both hands, unable to even respond to something so ridiculous.

Shaun swallowed. "You wanna talk about it, big baller?"

Dean pulled his face from his hands and found Shaun's expectant eyes. "Talk about what?"

"What you're feeling."

Dean laughed out loud, his face flushing with nowhere to hide.

"Don't do it, Deano," Jon said, locking his fingers behind his head and stretching out in his chair. "I'll pay ya not to talk about your feelings."

"I'm not talking about my feelings."

Shaun's face wrinkled. "Why not? Carrie took the girls to the mall. I got all afternoon!" He cleared his throat and took a drink of his beer. "So what happened after you guys left Jon hanging?"

Dean leaned his elbows on the table and rubbed his hands together, still feeling her skin on his. "We kissed."

Shaun leaned back and whistled loudly. "Now, we're getting somewhere. Did you see explosions?"

"He didn't even see boobs!" Jon laughed, nudging Dean's shoe and nodding behind him. "How about that hostess? She's pretty hot, man."

Dean hesitated before twisting in his seat. The brown haired girl smiled at him, coming closer with a tall glass of dark beer in her hand. Dean turned back around and started checking his phone.

"Look at him!" Shaun laughed. "He doesn't even care. Evy has him whipped already."

Dean looked up from his phone with a frown. "No, she doesn't."

Shaun coughed into his hand. "I think she does."

"Here ya go," the hostess said warmly, setting a coaster down in front of Dean and then the beer on top of it. "Anything else I can get for you?"

Dean sat up straighter and cleared his throat. "How bout your number?"

A bashful smile slid across her smooth complexion. She scrawled something down on a napkin, her face blushing, and set it next to his beer.

Dean raised his glass to her and smiled. "Thanks for the beer. Put it on their tab," he said, taking a quick sip.

She laughed lightly and floated back across the patio as Dean waved the napkin in Shaun's face.

Shaun watched her disappear back inside, shaking his head. "Man, you could have any girl you wanted."

"Exactly!" Jon said, tipping his Corona back and swallowing with a loud sigh. "You have a gift, Deano, and so much more left to do. You cannot waste that gift on just one woman. That's not fair to anyone."

Shaun snorted. "Yeah, especially you, because once Deano is out of the game it's all over but the cryin."

"What are you talking about? Did you just miss my nice little threesome story?"

Shaun dug into another wing. "Dreams don't count."

"Did that really happen?" Dean asked.

Jon nodded proudly and tipped the bottle back, sending a lime wedge tumbling through the golden liquid in slow motion. He swallowed and wiped his upper lip. "Shit got crazy, too."

Shaun stopped chewing. "You roll tape on that?"

"Had my hands full, dude."

Shaun pursed his stained lips and added another napkin to the pile. "One of you guys has got to start rolling video! I see the same woman naked day in and day out. The least you could do is help a brother out."

Jon jerked a thumb at Shaun while staring glumly at Dean. "See what you have to look forward to when you squander your gift?"

Shaun belched into his fist and ignored him. "Dean, I'm tellin you, you can't let this one get away without giving it a decent shot. Trust your feelings," he said, doing his best impersonation of Obi-Wan Kenobi.

Dean watched beads of sweat trickle down his pint glass, Evy's smile running through his mind. He was way ahead of Shaun but didn't want to let on. He and Jon would never let him hear the end of it.

A burst of warm air ruffled Jon's lips. "Whatever, man," he muttered, as if reading Dean's mind. "It's your funeral."

"When are you going to see her again?"

Dean shrugged. "Not sure."

Shaun folded his arms across his pink button down and stared off into space, thrilled to be talking about something that didn't involve dance recitals or yard work. "Here's what you do...stop into her bakery tomorrow morning and get a dozen muffins for some meeting you have."

Dean's eyes narrowed.

"Ask her out for that night and take her somewhere nice, like PF Chang's."

Jon's face twisted. "PF Chang's? Man, you've been out of the game way too long."

"Trust me, Deano, girls hate it when you leave em hangin. You gotta get in there and make it happen."

Dean leaned back, his chest rising beneath the white v-neck throttling his biceps as he inhaled a thoughtful breath. He stroked the two-day-old stubble his face wore like a coat. Tomorrow morning was too far away. He wanted to call her right now, but that went against everything he had ever known. He was dying to know if she had even given him the right number. Deep down, however, he already knew the answer. Had seen it in her eyes, felt it in her lips, heard it in her voice. Dean knocked back a slog of beer with Shaun watching him like a hawk.

Shaun lifted his eyebrows. "In the meantime, who's up for hitting a strip club? I need to see some boobs that haven't been manhandled by two kids yet."

"I'm in," Jon responded automatically, sticking a finger into the gray sky.

Dean rested a hand on the long door handle and hesitated, knowing it was too late to bail out now. Evy had probably already seen him through the glass. His heart was beating so fast he could barely breathe. He took a deep breath, wondering what his problem was, and pushed. Soft music drifted over him from above as he stepped inside, the smell of coffee and apple cinnamon permeating the air. The tables were mostly empty, which wasn't surprising at nine o'clock on a Monday morning. Brooke grabbed a blueberry muffin from the glass case and started for the register. She saw Dean and froze. Evy bumped into her from behind, knocking an iced mocha from her hands. They jumped back, dodging the spill as it exploded across the tiled floor. Evy slowly looked up from the mess to her sister, who stood gawking at Dean as he quietly approached the counter. Evy followed Brooke's stoic gaze and her eyes widened.

When those green eyes fell upon him, everything else faded down a long tunnel that stretched for miles. His blood pounded thickly in his temples, driving the music from his ears and replacing it with a pulsating thud. He crossed the black and white checkered floor on rubbery legs. It was all he could do to keep from tripping over his own two feet. He tried to focus but Evy's hair spilled over her shoulders like chocolate waterfalls and the need to run his fingers through it consumed him.

"Hi," she said, a tentative smile pulling at her lips.

He finally reached the counter and rested against it, struggling for breath after the long walk through quicksand. "Looks like I'm not the only one who's all thumbs around here," he said, observing the chocolate colored mess on the floor.

She smiled in embarrassment. "Her fault," she said, jerking a thumb at Brooke. "She stopped short."

A black lady in a pretty dress that masked her weight let out an irritable sigh, her long purple nails drumming against the counter.

Evy apologized and turned her mesmerizing gaze back to Dean. "Give me one second."

"Take your time," he replied, watching her make a new drink and falling in love with the back pockets on her tight fitting jeans. It seemed like months since he had last seen her and he craved more.

"You look nice."

His eyes snapped over to Brooke and slowly lowered to his black sports coat and jeans. "Thanks, got a big meeting today so I figured I'd grab a box of muffins on my way in."

"I bet you did," she said coyly, setting the blueberry muffin on the counter in front of the black lady. "No tie, huh?"

He smoothed his button down and shook his head. "Trying to quit."

"I like your style," she grinned, letting her gaze wander to his crotch for a moment. "You married?"

His eyebrows pulled together. "No."

"Kids?"

"Brooke," Evy softly warned, drizzling chocolate syrup over whip cream.

"I'm just trying to figure out what's wrong with him."

"No kids."

The lady by the register sized Dean up from head to toe, her nails clicking against the counter. "He's obviously gay. No way a man that good looking is straight. Trust me!"

Brooke burst into laughter while Dean flushed with heat. "I'm not gay either. Not that's there's anything wrong with that."

"Mmm-hmmm," the woman moaned through her nose, taking the new drink from Evy and handing her a ten. "If that's true, I'd handcuff his ass to your wrist before he gets away," she whispered to Evy, loud enough for everyone to hear.

Brooke laughed again and then grew somber, staring at Dean through wondering eyes. "Take off your shirt."

"Brooke!" Evy shrieked, handing the lady's change back. "What is wrong with you?"

The lady took the change and checked her watch. "I've got time."

Dean tugged on his collar. "Is it getting hot in here?"

"It's about to, sugar!" the lady said, bellowing with laughter.

Ben pushed through the swinging door, holding Darth Vader's head on a platter. He stopped and followed everyone's gaze. "You must be Steve," he said, carefully setting the head in the glass case and extending his hand. "I'm Ben, Brooke's husband."

"Hey, Ben," Dean replied, shaking his hand.

"It's Dean," Brooke corrected out the corner of her mouth.

"Oh, Dean, sorry, man," Ben said, glancing at his wife. "You're right; he does kind of look like Bradley Cooper, but way taller." He leaned forward like he was about to tell Dean an important secret. "Those Hollywood types are always little hobbits in real life. Trust me, I've been to LA."

Dean pointed to the Darth Vader. "Is that a cake?"

Ben followed the point and nodded. "Billy Jefferson's ninth birthday tomorrow."

"That is amazing. It looks just like his head!"

Ben chuckled shyly. "Thanks, man."

"Assorted?" Evy asked, holding up an empty pastry box.

Dean's eyes darted over to her. "That'd be great."

"So, Dean," Ben said, folding his beefy arms across an Avenged Sevenfold t-shirt. "You from around here?"

"Born and raised."

"Hey, do you know if that Jeffrey Dahmer tour is still going on anymore? I can't find out much about it online."

"And that's my cue," the black lady said, grabbing her blueberry muffin and drink. "Thank you, ladies," she sang out.

"Thank you, Mrs. Johansen," Brooke and Evy said at the same time in airy voices.

Brooke watched Mrs. Johansen disappear outside and turned to her husband. "Ben, stop being so creepy!"

"What? I'm just trying to catch up on my Milwaukee history."

"Then go to a brewery," she snapped.

Ben turned to Dean and rolled his eyes.

Dean laughed. "I'm not exactly sure about the tour," he said, watching Evy fill his box and wanting to return the favor.

"Huh," Ben muttered. "We did the Charles Manson tour last year in LA and it was insane."

Dean lifted his brow. "I bet."

"It was like you could still feel their ghosts at those houses," Ben whispered, shivering with the chills. "You believe in ghosts, Dean?"

Dean's eyebrows drew together. "Ummm, well, one time my TV turned on in the middle of the night."

Ben's eyes widened. "I've got an EVP recorder. You want me to come by sometime?"

"EVP?"

Ben nodded. "Electronic Voice Phenomenon."

Dean swallowed dryly.

Evy pushed past Ben and came around the counter. "Let's go outside."

"We should grab a beer sometime, Deano," Ben hollered over the counter. "I'll take some readings!"

Dean shot a hand into the air, following Evy out front where four tables and chairs made up a small sidewalk cafe. She set the pastry box on a table and pulled out a white chair. He took off his jacket and sat down, watching the breeze tickle her hair.

"Wow, that wasn't embarrassing or anything."

"He seems like a good guy."

"He needs to stop asking people about that Jeffrey Dahmer stuff. Even I know it's a sensitive subject around here."

"Well, he doesn't seem like the type to be as interested in the Fonzie statue."

She giggled softly. "You're right."

"So are Brooke and Ben from Des Moines as well?"

Evy nodded.

"What brought em here?"

"Ben was a tattoo artist with this huge guy named Hicks at a parlor in Des Moines. Hicks is originally from Milwaukee and wanted to move back home to open his own shop with his cousin and Ben as partners. Ben was soooo excited about it."

"No wonder his cakes are so detailed. Guy's got skills."

"Yeah, Ben is incredible, and they found the perfect spot right here in downtown, but Hicks ended up getting into a bar fight the night before they were supposed to sign the lease."

"Uh-oh."

Evy nodded grimly. "He's still got three years left to serve in prison."

"Wow, he must've messed someone up pretty good."

"Smashed a pint glass into some guy's face over an argument about football."

"Holy shit."

"Poor guy had to have a hundred and forty stitches and several rounds of reconstructive surgery."

"What happened to the tattoo shop?"

"When Hicks went to prison it fell through."

Dean cocked his head to one side. "So Ben opened a dessert bar instead?"

"Well, Sugars had been one of the places they had looked at for the tattoo shop but it had a kitchen they didn't need. Meanwhile, Brooke had always wanted to start her own bakery and Ben immediately thought of this place." Evy gazed at their reflection in Sugars' front window and smiled. "He said he kept seeing her baking brownies in that kitchen. And when the dessert bar aspect came into play they found something they could enjoy doing together, like it was meant to be."

"He must really love her."

Her hand found his on the table. "It was such a romantic thing for him to do."

He squeezed her hand and stared into her eyes. "Would you settle for a dozen roses?"

She wrinkled her brow and laughed. He wanted to kiss the nape of her neck and work his way up to those luscious lips. They called to him without speaking and all he could think about was getting her alone and putting his hands all over her. She grinned as if reading his mind and dropped his scorching gaze. He waited for her eyes to find their way back to him, knowing it wouldn't be long. She wrung her fingers on the table in front of her and looked back up, making his heart stutter.

"Hey, what're you doing tonight?" he asked, finally breaking the silence.

She blinked at him. "I'm not sure. Why?"

"Let me take you out to dinner."

She twirled a lock of hair around a finger, his brown eyes and messy hair awakening something inside of her she never knew existed. Never before had she felt such heat make her body tremble. Her sister was right, there had to be something wrong with him.

"Just you and me this time, and nothing too fancy."

She nodded before she even realized she was doing it, unable to resist him in any way, shape, or form. It was way too late for that. "What time?"

***

Dean checked his watch and softly knocked on Evy's front door. Silence answered him. His senses felt heightened, like a vampire. He could hear his heart banging against his chest. He shifted in his stance, trying to see through the heavy wooden door like he had x-ray vision. It was so quiet. Too quiet. He found himself wondering if she was even home, wondering if she had changed her mind. He stared at the peephole looking back at him. It looked like a light was on in the living room so he raised his fist to knock again.

The door opened with a loud crack as the swollen wood freed itself from the jam. He flinched with the noise and dropped his hand to his side, trying to act cool. Her warm smile and perfume washed over him. The front of her satin tank top was tucked into a pair of jeans that complimented her hips. His eyes traveled the length of her legs to the painted toes peeking out from some dark blue high heels. His heart responded accordingly, sending palpitations running amuck.

"You look...beautiful."

She opened the door all the way and stepped off to the side. "Thank you. So do you."

He stepped inside, scanning every inch of the place like a crime scene investigator, wanting to know everything about her he possibly could.

"Well, you passed the first test," she said, shutting the door and locking the deadbolt.

"And what's that?"

"You're not a vampire, because I didn't invite you in."

"Yeah, but you swept your hand out, which I think, technically, counts as sign language."

A red tongue wet her lips as she sashayed into the kitchen, her heels lightly clicking across the tiled floor. "No biting."

"Well, you're no fun," he replied, examining some framed pictures for clues. "This is a great place."

"Thanks," she said, coming back into the room and handing him a cold bottle of beer. "Have to park three blocks away but it has its charm."

"And you can see the lake."

She followed his gaze out an eastern facing living room window. "Barely," she laughed, taking a quick sip of red wine and heading into the bathroom. "Give me two minutes."

"No hurry," he said, running his hand along the hand carved woodwork adorning waist high built-ins dividing the quaint dining room from the kitchen. He bent for a closer inspection of her books and a picture of her and Brooke with what must be their parents. Their mom had the same dazzling green eyes, all of them stretching smiles from ear to ear as boats whizzed past in the background. "Your parents must be really proud of you and your sister."

Her head popped out of the bathroom. "They are, but they wished we would have stayed closer to home."

He glanced over his shoulder and their eyes locked with some invisible bond, stronger than anything he had ever felt before. Her gaze ran down his long-sleeved button down to his jeans and boots. He thought he heard her sigh but wasn't sure. She blinked like she had just come to and ducked back into the bathroom. He gravitated toward her, dying to know what she was doing in there, needing just one more glimpse.

He came around the corner of the small bathroom and leaned in the doorway, the smell of hair spray and lotion hanging in the air. He quietly watched her brush makeup onto her cheeks, each gentle stroke drawing him in closer.

She jumped when she saw his reflection in the mirror and clapped a hand over her chest. "Oh my God, you scared me," she chuckled. Her eyes fell to the sink and a gasp escaped her. She slid a compact-sized package of birth control pills into a drawer and slammed it shut, flushing with color the makeup could not hide.

"Sorry," he said, taking a sip of beer while his eyes ravaged her entire body. "But I think you're messing with perfection."

She smiled at him in the mirror and set the brush down on the sink without looking, her eyes piercing him with something he could not read. She turned to him and shut the light off, her scent lighting him on fire. "All done."

He grabbed her by the wrist and yanked her to him. This time he definitely heard a sigh. Her soft body pressed up against his, her perfume enflaming his senses. They gazed into each other's eyes, the air charged with beauty products and expectations of things to come, only breaking eye contact long enough to study each others' lips. Less than three inches of space stood between him and what he wanted and it was no match.

"I've been waiting to do this all day," he whispered, pushing his mouth onto hers, tasting the sweet red wine on her lips.

Evy took a startled step back and then threw her arms around his neck, sucking him into her mouth. Her eyes closed as her wet tongue flicked against his. He pushed her back into the bathroom and set his beer on the counter, cupping her face in his hands and gently directing her movements to mirror his own. Dean pressed his pelvis into her, forcing a light groan from her soul, which strengthened his resolve.

Evy parted for breath and staggered backwards, staring at him in wild wonder, her chest heaving beneath her shiny top. She glanced at his silhouette in the mirror and shrank against the shower door. "What is this?"

The fear on her face filled him with doubt, making his heart flutter. "What is what?"

Her voice shook when she talked. "Whatever you're doing," she whispered.

He studied her with grave eyes, no intentions of going back now, and pulled her into his arms. Their faces jerked to a stop inches from one another. His fingers ran through her soft hair as her unmatched beauty sent tremors of anticipation shooting down his spine. He leaned in and kissed her softly, forcing himself to stop before he drained her.

"We should probably go."

She swallowed hard, her chest rising and falling. "Okay."

He let her pass by, inhaling her fragrance that enveloped him like a mystical spell, and followed its trail into the living room. She took some lip-gloss from her purse and carefully ran it across her lips. His tongue swept across his own lips, his appetite getting wetter.

"So, where are we going anyway?" she asked, dropping the tube back into her purse and slinging the brown leather bag over her shoulder.

Her attempt at small talk made him grunt. "My favorite pizza joint just around the corner. You hungry?"

Her eyes swept over to him as she blindly straightened her hair in front of an imaginary mirror. "I could eat."

Dean nodded and followed her out into the brightly lit hallway where she stopped to lock the door. When she turned back around he pushed her up against the door and kissed her again. She didn't resist. Couldn't resist. He explored her soft curves, pouring buckets of blood into his stiffening manhood. He broke their kiss to gasp for air and forced her eyes to meet his. They spoke without talking, communicating in a language more reserved for the wild.

Their lips gravitated back together. He tilted her head to the side and trailed down her jaw line, whispering her name in her ear before nibbling at the soft spot in her neck. The smell of her skin and hair intoxicated him with an unbridled desire that overwhelmed his control. She trembled against the door, unable to fight the hidden pull between them.

Dean pressed against her as she ran her hands down his muscular back. He paused to find her glassy eyes, their chests heaving against each other. "If I don't stop myself now we're going to miss dinner" he whispered.

"I'm not hungry...for food," she said faintly, her nipples poking through her top.

Her words bolstered the stir in his pants. He took a deep breath before forcing his mouth onto hers and pinning her arms to the door. She squirmed beneath him, desperate to put her hands upon his body, but he wouldn't release her, letting his mouth have its way with her instead.

"Well, at least somebody's havin a good night round here," a gray bearded man said with a grin as he squeezed past.

They watched him disappear out the front door into the night, their mouths hanging open. Evy turned back to Dean, her hungry eyes sparkling like distant planets. She glanced down at the bulge in his pants and bit her bottom lip. In a flash, she spun on her heels and turned back to the door. He nibbled on her neck and cupped her breasts from behind, rubbing the slippery fabric against her erect nipples as she fumbled with the lock. He pressed his hardness against her rear end, loving the way he fit into her delicate curves. The door clicked open and they spilled back inside. He kicked the door shut with his foot and pushed her into the bedroom, kissing her the entire way.

They stopped in front of her bed, its white sheets and pillows as fluffy as a lazy cloud, kissing passionately as their hands explored each other like ravenous teenagers. Evy quivered beneath his touch as his hand slid up the small of her back, caressing every inch of her silky skin along the way. The voltage between them was palpable, enough to light an entire village.

She pulled his shirt over his head without wasting time with the buttons. Her fingers raked trails across his chest, reading his strapping curves like brail. His fingers traced along her sensitive sides, making her pull away and laugh. The metal clasp on her bra easily surrendered with a sinuous snap of Dean's fingers, a light moan bursting from her as he freed her lovely breasts. He slipped her top and bra over her head in one fluid motion and tossed them across the room where they could no longer impede his needful progress. Shadows caressed her curves, demanding discovery. He took her breasts by surprise and she moaned his name out loud.

Evy gasped when he pushed her onto the bed, falling backwards with a soft bounce. Dean stood over her, breathing hard like he had just finished the Boston Marathon, a storm of emotions flooding his senses. He stared at her like a shocked school boy, savoring what was yet to come. "You're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen."

In the faint light spilling in from the living room, Evy's eyes roamed his rigid stature like wild horses, following the trails of the hardened muscles carving throughout his torso. She never dreamed anyone could look so gorgeous, like a Greek god found only in books and movies. She pulled him to her by the waist of his jeans and their lips reconnected like long lost friends. Dean inhaled her deep into his soul, pressing against her in the shadowy light, needing every drop he could take. She fumbled with his jeans, desperately twisting the top button in all directions until it finally relented.

He swallowed loudly. "I don't have a condom. I didn't think we would..."

"I'm on the pill," she said in a sultry whisper. "I've only been with one person and was tested after it ended."

"I've never been with anyone without a condom," he panted, staring into her eyes while caressing her cheek. "Are you sure you..."

She cut him off by healing their broken kiss and cupped his ass with both hands. His lips trailed off to nibble an earlobe and she groaned as he rubbed against her. "Dean," she whispered, writhing beneath his touch. "This is..."

Her words died as his teeth found a nipple and bit down with force. She threw her head back into the pillow and moaned louder, pulling at fistfuls of his hair. Dean sucked on her nipples, circling them with his tongue as he snatched her high heels and slid them off, producing one soft thud after another as they hit the floor. Her jeans were quick to follow, exposing a pair of red lace panties that nearly made his heart stop.

"So beautiful," he whispered, letting the jeans slip from his fingers to the floor.

She watched the fire leap higher in his eyes when her legs parted, and it made her even wetter. Dean ran his fingers along the inside of her leg, pushing her panties aside until finding her creamy center. She wanted him just as much as he wanted her. Evy arched her back as he rubbed circles into her clitoris, driving her wild. A finger slipped inside and she cried out, desperate for more. The room spun. She yanked on his hair and screamed for mercy as he sent another finger in to join the first. Her body shook like an earthquake. She was so wet and didn't know how much more she could take.

"Dean," she gasped, pulling him back up by his hair. She found his untamed eyes, not believing it could be like this, needing to become one with him, like pieces of liquid metal melding together. "I want you inside me," she said softly, ripping his jeans off like wrapping paper on a Christmas morning. She leaned back, her eyes widening in surprise as his stiff cock twitched in the air, reaching for her with a desperation she had yet to witness. Dean slid her panties past her feet and threw them over his shoulder without looking. Her pulse raced as they took each other in, the flames in his eyes making her purr with satisfaction.

He pinned her wrists to the mattress. She fought him for a few seconds before pulling her knees back and drawing him inside of her with her heels. Her eyes widened with the fleshy incursion, an audile groan spurting from her lips.

"Evy, you feel so good." he whispered into her ear.

She could see his pulse thumping in his neck with each gentle thrust. Her entire body shuddered, her wrists pinned to the mattress.

Dean pumped harder and she trembled against him like a leaf. He pushed up, digging deeper, sending white explosions blasting against the back of his eyelids. Evy snapped her head to the side and gave him every velvety inch he desired, which he gladly accepted with greedy thrusts. She wrapped her legs around his back, locking him in as she tumbled head first into an earth shattering ecstasy she had deprived herself of for far too long.

"Don't stop," she moaned, tightening her muscles around his unforgiving cock.

He plunged deeper, making her cry out to the ceiling. She tried to free her hands but he wouldn't release them. Her body tensed as his hips worked harder, faster. It was too much, had been too long. She arched her back and screamed his name, her body convulsing with jerky spasms. He clenched his teeth and exploded, emptying himself into her with pulsating bursts, his raw groans filling the room. Evy pulled him close, draining him into her.

They stared into each others' eyes with their chests swelling, his arms trembling like her legs, an electric current binding them together. He finally released her wrists and stared at her like it had been his first time. He smiled, gently tracing her lips with a finger before lowering his mouth to hers and softly kissing her again. She wrapped her throbbing arms around his back and pulled him deeper inside of her.

He stroked her hair with tender affection.

Her eyes peered deeply into his, searching for answers to something so unexplainable it bordered upon paranormal. "What was that?"

He slowly shook his head. "I don't know, but whatever it was I want to do it again."

A wry grin spread across her flushed cheeks as she worked her wet lips around his already stiffening pipe. His breath came faster. He pushed his lips into hers and pumped harder. She pulled away, struggling for breath as he regained his girth and slammed it home with an insatiable force. More blinding blasts shot through her field of vision. She ran her hands down his chest as he lifted himself up and lit the room on fire with a passion that refused to burn out.

***

Evy poured dark coffee into a glass mug and glanced behind her to see if Dean was watching. He sat at her small dining room table, chewing with his mouth closed and that look in his eyes. Her insides twisted as sultry images of last night pushed to the forefront of her mind. It had never been like this with Richie. Not even close. She felt like she was looking down at Dean from above with her back resting comfortably against the warm ceiling. Nothing had taken her this high before and, like all drugs, she would need more.

She blew on the mug, sending wisps of steam spiraling into the air. "So what do you think?"

He swallowed and cleared his pallet with a gulp of cold orange juice. "You should be selling these at Sugars."

She smiled and took a careful sip of the black brew.

He pointed a thick looking corn dog at her, holding it by its stick. "Waffle dogs?"

She nodded and batted her lashes, hoping to arouse him into another flourishing round of love making that would leave them sweaty and famished. With the table hiding his black boxer-briefs, he looked completely naked. She tipped her mug back and took another cautious sip.

He shook his head, dipping the jagged end of the waffle dog into a small bowl of warm maple syrup. "This is definitely the greatest thing I've ever had," he told her, taking another voracious bite.

"You're just saying that."

"No, I'm serious. Waffle dogs are my new favorite thing." He stared at her for a few seconds, his eyes lowering to molest the breasts barely hiding beneath a thin camisole. "Well, second favorite anyway."

"Some people call them pigs in pancakes."

He took another bite and moaned his pleasure. "The sausage is huge," he said with his mouth full.

Her tongue swished across her lips, remembering the way his sausage had reached for her last night.

"Where do you get them? The store always has those little Hormel links or Jimmy Dean rolls."

She blinked, trying to remember what they had been talking about but only seeing him buck ass naked with that fire in his eyes. "Wholesaler through work," she finally spit out. "Having the best links is the key to the whole thing."

He washed the bite down with more juice and winked. "That's what I hear," he mumbled, chasing the juice with a sip of hot coffee.

She tilted her head back and laughed. "Oh yeah, and who told you that? Your ex-girlfriend?"

The waffle dog hovered in front of his open mouth, his teeth on the brink of biting down. "No ex-girlfriend," he said, sinking his teeth into the sweet and salty goodness.

Her thin eyes evaluated his statement over the rim of her mug.

"The statute of limitations ran out on that one."

Evy arched a puzzled eyebrow at him and sat down at the small kitchen table, watching him devour his food like he had devoured her last night. "Wow, you are really hungry."

"Sorry," he said, covering his mouth. "But we skipped dinner and went straight to dessert."

A sinister grin slithered across her face as she ran her toes up his shinbone, her eyes silently pleading with him to take her on the table. Take her and prove that she was his and he was hers.

Dean swallowed and took a break to sip on his coffee. "What about you?"

"What about me?"

"Who was the one person?"

A perplexed look slipped over her face like a Halloween mask.

"Last night you said you'd only been with one person."

"Oh," she mumbled, dropping his gaze. "Did I say that?"

"So it wasn't true?"

She looked back up. "No, it was true. We were engaged, until I found out he had cheated on me."

Dean's brow folded in disbelief. "When was this?"

"A year ago."

He snorted. "No wonder you moved away."

A tight lipped smile cut across her face as she shifted in her chair.

Dean could tell she was uncomfortable talking about it but his curiosity got the better of him. "How long had you been...dating?"

She ran a finger around the rim of her mug, reluctant to relive any of the past. "Almost twelve years." Her eyes jerked up to gauge his reaction. "Since my sophomore year in high school."

Dean's jaw dangled in the air. "Seriously?"

"Richie was a junior when we met and, at the time, I thought he was the one but," she trailed off to inhale a deep breath, "I couldn't have been more wrong about that."

Dean shook his head, not understanding how someone could ever cheat on a girl like her. She had it all - the brains, the looks, the sense of humor, the cooking skills. It was baffling to say the least. "How close were you to marrying this moron?"

"Three weeks."

His eyes bulged from their sockets, realizing how close he had come to never even meeting her. "Who does that?"

"Right?"

"Well, thank God for small miracles."

Evy laughed lightly. "Didn't seem like a miracle at the time."

An awkward silence fell over them as Dean studied her through narrow eyes. "I should send Richie a thank you card."

She laughed and softened her eyes. "You're sweet."

He finished his orange juice in one chug and set the glass back down, his piercing gaze bobbing from her green eyes to the full breasts resting on the table. It took everything Evy had to keep from pretending to drop a fork just to sneak a peek under the table. She sent her foot in instead, running her toes up the inside of his leg to find him already getting hard. A playful smile danced across her cheeks.

He smiled back with that sparkle in his eyes she had been searching for. Mission accomplished. Her foot pressed against the erection trying to escape out the side of his boxer-briefs. He reached beneath the table and massaged her leg as her foot worked him over. He bent lower and ran his hand up her thigh, sending tingles shooting through her body.

"Don't bite off more than you can chew."

"Don't worry, I saved room," he said, finding her soaking wet.

She closed her eyes and clutched one of her breasts, a light whimper slipping from her lungs.

His fingers slipped beneath her panties and traced her swollen lips before slipping inside. Her foot rubbed harder and he thought he might explode.

A rap at the door made him bump the table and knock over his empty juice glass. He righted it as a frown took Evy's face.

"Who the heck is stopping by so early?" she mumbled, looking to the door.

"Ignore it," Dean replied, getting up and coming around the table, a circus tent in his shorts. He spun her to the side of the chair and dropped between her legs, sliding her panties to her ankles in the blink of an eye.

She ran her fingers through his hair as he bent her knees back and took her into his mouth, flicking his tongue against her clitoris. "Oh my God," she moaned, spreading wider for him.

Another knock at the door, this one much louder, rattled the wall.

"Evy, it's an emergency!" Brooke yelled through the door.

Evy sighed, her shoulders dropping.

Dean looked up with a frown.

She pressed her lips together and lowered her legs. "I should probably see what she wants."

He pushed himself up with a deflated sigh.

"You better hide," she said, squeezing his bulge and pulling her panties back up.

He watched her butt wiggle as she scurried to the door.

"I know you're in there, I saw the peephole get darker," Brooke said, looking into the peephole with one large eyeball. "Come on, Evy! I'm on my way into work and I need your keys. Ben took mine by accident and I can't get a hold of him."

Evy glanced back at Dean who was already shutting the bathroom door behind him. She took a moment to collect herself and opened the door a crack. Brooke barged in without waiting for an invitation, her brow creasing. "Geez what took you so long? And why is your face so red?"

Evy shut the door before anyone could walk by and see her in her underwear.

Brooke stopped and turned. "Were you masturbating?"

"I just woke up," Evy replied, smoothing her hair and then grabbing her spare keys from an old desk drawer.

"Why are their two cups of coffee on the table?"

Evy dangled the keys in front of her. "Because I'm thirsty."

Brooke inhaled sharply and covered her gaping mouth with a hand. "Oh my God, you had sex with Dean, didn't you?"

"No!"

"Yes, you did!" she exclaimed, investigating the apartment for signs of fornication. "Evelyn Burnett! It's written all over your face!"

Evy stifled a laugh.

"You dirty little whore! I thought I told you to always go to his place. What time did he leave?"

"I don't know what you're talking about," Evy said, planting the keys in her sister's hand.

Brooke's face grew somber. "Just tell me one thing. Does he have a big cock? I deserve to know, Evy. I'm your sister."

Evy laughed sharply, her jaw dragging on the floor. "What is wrong with you?"

Brooke stepped into Evy's personal space, sharpening her gaze to a razor's edge. "Is it bigger than a French baguette?"

"You know what, Brooke?" Evy said, going around her into the kitchen. "You need some Orbitz to clean up that mouth of yours up."

Brooke followed. "Did he go down on you?"

"We are not having this conversation."

"How many times did he make you cum?"

Evy snatched up her mug of Joe and wrinkled her nose.

Brooke stared blankly at her. "It was multiple times, wasn't it?"

Evy rolled her eyes and took a drink while Brooke grabbed a waffle dog from a plate on the stove.

"Was it bigger than this?" She raised the waffle dog along with her eyebrows.

"Don't you have to open the store?"

"It can wait." Brooke bit down and started chewing. "So?"

"So, what?"

"So...did you blow him?"

"Will you please stop?"

Brooke tilted her head. "Oh honey, please don't tell me you let him cum in your face. That is so degrading."

Evy stared at her in disgust, silence stretching across the room.

A light noise from the bathroom made Brooke's jaw come to a screeching halt. She swallowed hard and slowly turned to the bathroom. "Oh my God," she whispered dully. "He's still here."

"I told you to stop talking like that."

Brooke cringed and quietly set the waffle dog back on the plate. "You should've told me," she hissed.

"I tried!"

"When?"

"When you started talking," Evy said, taking Brooke's arm and ushering her to the front door.

Brooke glanced over her shoulder, hoping for a sneak peek. Evy opened the door and Brooke stopped and turned in the doorway.

"Do me a favor," she whispered, craning her neck to see around Evy. "Send me a picture of it. I swear to God I won't show it to anyone. I promise."

Evy used the door to nudge Brooke out into the hall.

"I have to know what we're dealing with here," Brooke pleaded, fighting against the door. "Do his balls hang low?"

Evy's face soured. "Goodbye, Brooke," she groaned, pushing harder.

"Can ya tie em in a bow?" Brooke spit out just before the door shut in her face.

A weary breath oozed from Evy's lips. She leaned her forehead against the cool wood, trying to figure out how they could possibly be related. The bathroom door cracked open behind her. She turned around and gasped.

Dean crossed his arms and shook his head, his penis swinging in the air. "French baguette," he muttered under his breath, making Evy giggle.

Six weeks later...

Evy flashed Dean a playful smile from the other side of the pool. He beamed back, keeping Shaun company at the grill, the sunlight casting dreamy sparkles across the water's surface, adding to the magical moment of it all. Kids raced about the yard between them, laughing and screaming but seeming a million miles away at the same time.

"I remember when Shaun used to look at me like that."

Evy jerked her eyes back to Carrie and smiled.

A wistful breath floated from Carrie's lips as she leaned back in a cushioned patio chair, the breeze running its fingers through her short blond locks. "Once you get married and have kids those looks become rarer than Bigfoot sightings in a city park."

Evy laughed. "Awe come on, I see the PDA with you two."

"When?"

"How about last weekend at La Fuente?"

"He was drunk on margaritas," Carrie flatly replied, taking a sip of wine.

Evy slid her chair closer. "So, tell me about Dean's ex-girlfriends."

Carrie swallowed and started choking. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and filled her lungs with air. "I can honestly say I have never met one of Dean's ex-girlfriends."

"Seriously?"

Carrie cleared her throat with a couple of coughs. "That's how I know he really likes you. He was always wary of commitment...until you came along anyway."

Evy's eyes slid over to Dean. "You sure he's not gay?"

Carrie busted up laughing, nearly spilling her wine. She took a deep breath and dramatically sobered. "Kimberly Ann!" she barked, scaring Evy half to death. "Let your sister play with that. It's Mindy's birthday, not yours!"

Evy turned to see a blond girl grudgingly hand a bedazzled pink microphone back to her shorter sister. Mindy snatched it back, glaring up at Kim through triumphant eyes, and started singing Call Me Maybe into the microphone, which amplified her high-pitched vocals for all to hear as she pranced about the yard. A steamy breath seeped from Carrie's lips. "I'm going to need more wine." She looked over at Dean and lowered her voice. "So what's he like?"

Evy followed her gaze, admiring the way Dean looked in his snug t-shirt and jeans. "Unlike anyone I've ever met before."

"That's great, honey, but I mean what's he like...in the bedroom?"

Evy bit her bottom lip to stop her face from turning bright red. It didn't work. "He's like the Energizer Bunny."

Carrie's eyes widened. She shook her head. "God, I envy you. Shaun used to be like that before we got married. Now, he's one and done, even when I'm wearing my naughty negligee."

"So you're saying don't get married."

"Not until you've had your fair share of days when it hurts to walk."

Evy wrinkled her nose and laughed, her eyes uncontrollably finding their way back to Dean. She wasn't sure if it was him or the wine making her feel warm and fuzzy inside but, either way, she loved it. Just like how she loved the way he ran his hand through his slicked back hair when the wind messed it up, or the way he never forgot she was there.

"Enjoy the solitude while ya can still nab a quickie in the bathroom without somebody pounding on the door because they have to go poop," Carrie said dully.

"Awe, but your girls are so cute," Evy countered, watching them spin with their arms out until they were so dizzy they collapsed into the green grass.

"Do you want kids?"

"I do. Someday."

Carrie smiled warmly. "It really is something you can't explain. You just have to learn to do things quicker. Luckily, Shaun never had a problem with that." They stared at each other for a moment and then cracked up laughing.

Dean smiled seeing Evy having a good time with Carrie. It was important she like his friends and they like her. She looked brilliant in the sun and he wondered what they were talking about.

"What the hell, man?" Shaun said with a quick laugh, pulling him from his thoughts. "Do you two ever stop eye fucking each other? Geez, there are kids around."

Dean laughed and took a drink from his bottle of beer.

Shaun stood over the grill and rubbed his bare belly, watching his daughters playing with their soda-fueled friends, spinning about the place like wound up tops. Off to the side of the yard, a clown stretched a brown balloon into a dachshund and handed it to an impatient little girl who took off running like a bat out of hell. The clown watched her go, a red smile extending across his white face. He took a quick drink of beer and got back to work on his next masterpiece.

"This is quite the party, man," Dean chuckled. "You know what we did on my sixth birthday?"

Shaun lifted his brow.

"Went to a McDonald's Playland."

Shaun smiled, using a long pair of tongs to flip the burgers and hotdogs covering the grill. His eyes narrowed as a plume of smoke drifted his direction with the breeze. "Had to hire a goddamn clown just to get out of going to Chuck E. Cheese again." He stopped flipping the charbroiled meat and looked up. "Hey! No running by the pool!" he yelled, making two redheaded girls with freckles slow their roll along the pool's edge. He took a quick look around to make sure somebody was keeping an eye on all of these kids. A blond lady, sitting on the end of the diving board with her feet dangling in the cool blue water, waved back. "Dam, that kid's mom is hot," Shaun muttered, flipping another all beef patty and making the flames lick higher.

Dean watched Shaun steal a glance at Carrie, who was busy going on and on about who knows what with Evy. They turned to Shaun and Dean at the same time and started giggling before returning to their own little slice of the backyard.

Shaun snorted. "They're talking about you right now."

Dean took a long drink, admiring Evy's sexy crossed legs, recalling when they were wrapped around him in Shaun's guest bathroom a half hour ago. He swallowed and wiped beer from his upper lip. "Could be you."

Shaun watched the hot dogs curl with the heat and took a drink from his bottle of beer. "Probably talking about how big your giant cock is."

A little boy in a swimsuit skidded to a stop between them, holding an airplane balloon up in the air. He cut his homemade sound effects and slowly lowered the plane, staring up at Shaun with his head tilted to the side. "What's a giant cock?"

Shaun swapped a quick look with Dean and turned back to the brown haired boy. "It's a chicken, Timmy. Hey, do me a solid and run inside and grab me another beer," he said, wiggling his bottle in front of him. "Make sure it looks just like this one. See my picture on it?"

The kid studied the picture of Shaun's smiling face and rapidly nodded, anxious to embark upon his new mission.

"Good boy," Shaun said, patting him on the head and sending him springing into action.

Dean watched the kid slide through the open French doors, flying his plane loud and proud through the sky as he disappeared into the kitchen. "Wow, you should probably not be around children. Ever."

Shaun drained his bottle and set it down on a table next to the grill. "World's too soft on kids these days, Deano. When I was a kid, I rode my BMX bike ten miles a day with no helmet or water. Nowadays, they wear helmets just to take a shit. And God forbid they ever have a can of soda. Now, what kind of life is that?"

Dean watched Shaun toss some slices of cheese onto the sizzling burgers. "I used to swing across twelve-foot-high monkey bars that dangled over rocks and broken glass."

"Those were the days," Shaun said with a wistful sigh, pulling up his swim trunks. "How ya liking that new brew?" he asked, glancing at the bottle in Dean's hand.

Dean turned the picture of Shaun's smiling mug, plastered across the bottle's side, to face him. "Aside from the creepy picture, it's really good. But I feel like we're about to make out every time I take a drink."

Shaun chuckled and turned back to the grill. "Decided to try my hand at brewing my own IPA this time around. Three bottles of that shit and you'll be whistling Dixie with your pants around your ankles."

Dean grunted. "Maybe I should switch to Bud Light."

An offended laugh spit from Shaun's mouth. "You know we don't carry that cat piss around here."

"I don't know what's stopping you from opening your own brewery."

"I'm scared."

"But you hate being a dentist."

"I know."

Dean took a drink of Shaun's homemade beer and swallowed. "Speaking of free beer, no Jon today?"

A warm blast of air ruffled Shaun's lips. "Who do ya think's in the clown suit?"

Dean's brow folded. His eyes flicked over to the raggedy clown. "Shut the hell up."

"I'm serious," Shaun said, gesturing with the tongs. "All these hot moms out here in bikinis," he whispered, surveying the pretty ladies frolicking in the pool. "He wouldn't miss this for the world. Plus he gets free food and beer."

"I walked right by him and he didn't say a word."

"Part of the deal is no talking no matter what. Plus, I think he's kind of embarrassed by the whole thing, being low on cash and all."

Dean watched some kid reach up and honk Jon's big red nose. "Wow."

"I bought the suit online; figure I can use it this Halloween, cover myself in blood and go as Pennywise from It."

Dean opened his mouth to speak and hesitated.

Timmy bounded back outside with the bottle of beer and skidded to a stop.

"Atta boy, Timmy!" Shaun smiled, taking the beer and tousling the kid's hair.

"Jimmy," the kid corrected in a high voice.

"Good ta know," Shaun muttered, watching the kid take off to join his friends in the yard. "Remind me to have Jon scare the crap outta that kid later on."

Dean's eyes landed back on Evy, unable to resist her call, enraptured by her natural beauty. She shot him a fleeting look and his phone vibrated in his pocket. He pulled it out and grimaced. Megan. He silenced it and slipped it back into his jeans with a low sigh seeping from his lips. Her texts were bad enough. Her voice mails were haunting.

Shaun twisted the top off his beer with a low hiss and raised the bottle. "I'm happy for ya, man."

Dean clinked his bottle against Shaun's and took a long swig, his eyes traveling the length of legs spilling from Evy's summer dress. Those legs were all his and he still couldn't believe it. His phone vibrated again.

***

Dean's apartment was as quiet as a graveyard compared to Shaun's place. It felt good to kick back on the couch and not make small talk about the weather or where he worked. He stared into Evy's eyes, wanting to relax in those warm green pools forever. He shifted on the couch, her gaze making his head spin like some new designer drug.

"Thanks again for going to the party."

"I had so much fun, I love Carrie."

Dean grinned at her. "Shaun was lucky to find her."

"And according to her, I was your first guest at their house. Is that true?"

He sat up straighter. "I'm not sure, I'd have to Google it."

She cocked her head and pursed her lips. "What's the longest you've ever dated anyone anyway?"

His gaze lowered to her red nail polish. Five months wasn't much of an answer, more like a red flag, but those girls compared to the one sitting next to him right now were night and day. The question wasn't evenly weighted.

He shrugged. "I don't know, not long."

"Well, what's your record?"

"I don't keep records."

Her eyes thinned. "What are you hiding?"

He snorted and pulled a narrow box from the couch cushions, studied it for a moment and handed it to her. "This."

Evy's eyebrows dipped. "What's this?"

"Here's to new records."

She took it with uncertain eyes.

"Open it."

His watched her fingers run across the box's smooth shell, his heart beat speeding up. There was a light click when she cracked it open. She gasped. "Oh my God, Dean, it's beautiful."

"Put it on," he said, lifting the silver necklace from its red velvet confines.

"Dean, I can't accept..."

He shushed her and unclasped the metal end and held it out. Her smile grew as she collected her hair in both hands and he draped the chain around her neck. Dean stole a quick kiss on her neck before she let her hair down. He watched her run her fingers across the silver arrow. She was breathtaking. Her aura enveloped him, wrapping its lustrous vapor around him and lifting him off the couch.

"It looks beautiful on you," he whispered.

"Dean, you didn't have to..."

"It reminded me of you."

A wry grin pulled at her lips. "You mean the arrow I shot through your heart?"

"Something like that," he chuckled, pressing his lips to hers and kissing her passionately for what seemed like hours. They pulled apart and he stared into those eyes, star struck as her fingers found their way back to the necklace.

"So does this mean we're going steady now, Dean Jacobs?" she asked, batting her lashes and biting back a giggle.

"Somebody has to go to prom with me."

Her breath fled her like a speeding train, flying down the rails and out of sight around the bend before she even knew what happened. She took his hand in hers and squeezed, glowing like a harvest moon. It was ethereal and frightening at the same time.

Her face turned somber. "Why me?"

"Why you what?"

"Out of all of those girls out there, why me?"

He pressed his lips together and studied her through attentive eyes. "Because you're different than those other girls.

"Different how? Like a new flavor of the month different?"

His brow folded. He opened his mouth to explain but the words stubbornly clung to the tip of his tongue, so he kissed her instead, breathing her in with an ardor as alien to him as Japanese. They discovered each other all over again like teenagers in the dark. His heart swelled with something he couldn't explain and he wondered if it could kill him. Whatever it was, he didn't want it to stop. Ever.

They pulled apart and he looked her in the eye. "Different like that."

A coy smile parted her lips. "Point taken," she replied, glancing down at the necklace again. "Thank you, it's beautiful."

He smiled back, knowing she was the chosen one and nothing could stop them from being together. Fate's course was set, his path decided by a higher entity.

Evy pulled him back to her needy lips. His hand slid up her top and firmly cupped a breast, leaving her short of breath. Her hand felt its way into his lap, rubbing him with a longing that warmed his soul. He stiffened in her hand as their lips danced together like mating swans. Her cell phone rang, making them both flinch.

She broke their kiss with a sigh and dug the phone from her purse. "Brooke," she said, checking the screen.

"Go ahead."

She answered and spoke into the phone on automatic pilot, staring at him through star-crossed eyes, sharing a moment together they would never forget. Her dreamy gaze suddenly tightened. "Right now?" She frowned, making Dean's heart sink along with the bulge in his pants, and let her gaze wander around his condo, nodding her head and throwing in some disappointed moans.

"Okay, I'm on my way," she said dully, sealing his fate and hanging up the smartphone. She exhaled a tired breath that made her shoulders slump. "I have to go let a plumber into the cafe. He's running late and Brooke has tickets to see The Black Keys with Ben at The Eagles Club."

"Plumber?"

Evy threw the cell into her purse. "Yeah, the main sink is clogged up again."

His eyes darted around the room, searching for a simple solution. "Do you want some company?"

She rested a hand on his knee and leaned in closer, giving him an unabated shot down her shirt. "This could take a while, but I will make it up to you tomorrow night," she said with a mischievous grin. "I promise."

He watched her fingers run over the necklace without responding.

"Thank you so much for the beautiful necklace. I love it." She planted a quick peck on his lips and got up. "I'll call you tomorrow," she said, slinging her purse over her shoulder.

He followed her to the patio door, pulled the blinds back and slid the glass door open, allowing the night's heat to mingle with the air conditioning inside. "Be careful, and make sure that plumber has the proper credentials before you let him in."

"Credentials?"

"Yeah ya know, plumber's crack, mustache, dirty joke book, stuff like that."

She laughed and pressed up against him, a blissful sigh escaping her from somewhere deep down inside as her lips found his. They kissed for all of the neighbors to see, and, with a heavy reluctance, they separated, staring into each others' eyes.

"Looks like I got pretty lucky, too," he whispered.

"You better say that," she grinned. "Let's do movie night at my place tomorrow. You pick up the movies and I'll make dinner."

He studied her face, his eyes getting lost in hers while they still could. "Waffle dogs?"

Evy planted one last peck on his lips and turned to go. He watched her walk away, wishing it was tomorrow night already. She stopped at her car, looked back to see if he was still watching, and flashed him a quick smile.

Dean waved as she sped off, his heart deflating in her absence. He shut the door and blinds, rested his hands on his hips and scanned the room where her sweet smell lingered behind. He inhaled deeply through his nose, savoring the ephemeral scent like a fine bottle of wine. The TV suddenly seemed like an exercise in futility compared to what he was feeling inside. Nothing could captivate his attention like she could.

His world was on fire and he couldn't remember ever being happier, even when he had won the Tolson case last spring. He started pacing the room and let his mind wander. She was his and he wanted to shout it from the rooftops. The framed picture of he and his parents, with the snow covered Rockies behind them, looked so real, like he could walk over and tell them everything. They would grin and nod and tell him how happy they were for him. After his parents' accident he never felt like he belonged anywhere in particular but things were different now. Now, he belonged to her and her to him, and nothing could ever take that away.

A soft rap on the patio door stirred him from his thoughts. He stopped wearing out the carpet, his heart fluttering with excitement. She was back. Probably to steal one last kiss to get her through the night. He yanked down on the chain. The blinds whooshed back. His heart plunged off a cliff as he unlocked the door, using more energy to pull it back than ever before.

"Hi sexy."

"Megan," he sputtered blankly, the color draining from his face.

She adjusted her shirt so the v-neck was lower, giving her ample cleavage the due diligence it so rightly deserved. "Don't you know it's poor manners not to call a girl back?"

The coyness in her voice irritated the shit out of him. He glanced behind her to the parking lot basking in an orange glow from the spattering of tall lights, terrified Evy could show up for that last kiss at any second. This wasn't a game. It was all he could do to keep from slamming the door in her smug little face.

"What are you doing here?" His bluntness produced a frown upon her face that gave him a glint of satisfaction.

Megan pressed her lips together. "Glad to see you, too, Dean."

"I'm seeing someone now," he blurted, deciding this was no time for kid gloves. "And this," he said, using his index fingers to circle the plot of land she was currently invading, "isn't cool."

Her eyes welled with tears. "I'm pregnant."

His pulse pounded, making it difficult to think. Her face blurred with a wooziness washing over him like a nest of hornets. He swayed in his stance, his heart beating out of rhythm. "What?"

She replied with a somber nod, blinking a lone tear down her tanned cheek. "I just wanted you to know," she said softly, forcing a smile. "I thought you deserved that much."

He cringed. He didn't deserve any of this, especially now. He took another quick look over her shoulder, unable to shake the feeling that Evy was watching everything from inside her car. "Come on in."

She smiled and stepped inside, dusting him with a potent dose of a flowery smelling perfume that smothered what was left of Evy's scent. He closed the door and locked it. "Have a seat," he said, drawing the blinds and trying his best not to sound rude.

"That's why I've been calling you," Megan said matter-of-factly, sinking into the armchair that suddenly wasn't as bright as it was two minutes ago. "I saw my doctor this past week and...I'm pregnant."

He stood over her with his hands on his hips and his mouth collecting flies, the taken aback silence making his ears ring. "What makes you think it's mine? I mean, I used a condom."

She shook her head fervidly, spilling more tears down her face. "Condoms aren't a hundred percent foolproof, and I wasn't with anyone else during the time of conception. Only you."

The crushing blow drove the air from his lungs like a sledgehammer to the gut. White specks floated across his vision as the room twirled around him. He plopped down onto the couch before he could fall. She was lying. Had to be. He had used a condom. "What?" he repeated, at a loss for words.

She wiped tears away with her hands. "I'm so sorry to spring this on you, Dean. It took me a few days to even know what to do and I'm still not sure." The dam gave under pressure, unleashing salty rivers down her face. "I'm so sorry," she cried, her breath hitching in wheezy gaits. "I'm just scared."

His mouth opened but nothing came out. This wasn't happening. Couldn't be happening. Evy flashed through his mind, ripping the necklace off and throwing it in his face, telling him she never wanted to see him again. He shook his head, dazed and confused by the heavy blow.

He stumbled into the bathroom on heavy legs and glanced in the mirror, shuddering at what he saw. His reflection already looked different. Aged. His stomach churned and he turned away.

"Here ya go."

"Thank you," she sniveled, taking the box of tissue from him and plucking one from its core. She tried flashing him a reassuring smile as she dabbed at her eyes and nose but there wasn't anything reassuring about any of this. "This isn't exactly the summer I had planned."

He inhaled deeply through his mouth, avoiding her stinging scent at all costs. "I still don't get what makes you think it's mine."

"Because I'm not a whore, Dean!" she barked, startling him. "That's how! I know who I was with during the time frame the doctor gave me for conception."

Dean wasn't sure which made him wince more: her sudden outburst or the return of the word conception. It made his skin crawl and he wished she would stop saying it.

Megan released a weary breath and lowered her voice. "I'm sorry." She looked up at him with watery eyes. "Believe me, I didn't want to end up getting pregnant, especially out of wedlock. My dad is probably going to throw me out on the street."

"So...what are you going to do?"

"I'm keeping it," she answered way too fast for comfort, plucking another tissue with a swoosh and blowing her nose. A short laugh escaped her, sending a shiver down his spine. "My dad would kill me if I aborted. That goes against everything his campaign stands for."

Dean's eyebrows drew together, meeting in the middle of his wrinkled forehead. "Campaign?"

Mascara ran down her face. "He's on the city council, remember? I told you he was running for mayor."

Dean slowly nodded, even though he remembered nothing she had said that drunken June night, which now seemed so long ago. Nothing outside of the ski mask thing anyway.

She cleared her throat and sat up straighter. "Look, I don't expect anything from you, but I would never stop you from wanting to be a part of this child's life."

He watched her dotingly rub her smooth belly, her acerbic words cutting him to the bone. Her absolute assumption he was the father was unnerving to say the least. "What I want is a paternity test."

She smiled thinly. "Of course. I asked about that and the earliest they can do it is during the tenth to twelfth week of pregnancy.

His eyes narrowed as he did the math in his head. "Which is when?"

Even her shrug annoyed him. "Another month or so."

"Wow," he murmured bleakly under his breath.

"I know, but like I said, Dean, I wasn't with anyone else during the time of..."

He shot a hand up into the air. "I get it," he said, cutting her off before she could utter the dreaded c-word again.

She nodded faintly, blinking more black tears into her lap.

His mind reeled, desperate for a way out. His ship was sinking and time was of the essence. The air conditioner kicked on, pushing the ear-ringing silence from the room like a big bully. They stared at each other while cool air washed over them. The tension was thick. He ran a hand through his hair and sighed, unwilling to even begin accepting such a ridiculous claim. How could he be the father? Because she wasn't with anyone else during the time of conception? He called bullshit.

"Won't be long now before I'll really be showing." She patted her stomach and looked up to meet his petrified gaze. "I'm going to tell my family tomorrow but I wanted you to know first."

He bit his tongue to keep from saying something he might regret and responded with a shallow bob of the head, indicating an understanding that couldn't be further from the truth.

She sensed his disinclination and got up, stuffing the wadded balls of Kleenex into her Coach bag. "I should go."

He followed her to the patio door, praying Evy wouldn't be standing on the other side when he pulled back the blinds, her green eyes just as broken as his heart. He swallowed hard and tugged on the plastic chain like a band aid, sending the slatted shades noisily colliding against each other. Relief spilled over him when he saw the patio chairs. He slid back the glass door, beyond ready to get Megan and her pungent perfume out of his condo.

She stopped in the doorway and turned to face him. He glanced behind her to the parking lot and she moved her head to block his view. "Can I call you if I need a ride to the doctor's office or...peanut butter ice cream or something?" she asked, trying to smile.

He sucked in massive gulps of air that tasted like sterilized medicine, trying to round up a response that wouldn't lock him into anything. "Sure," he lied.

Her face brightened. "Thank you, Dean," she said softly, leaning in and kissing him on the lips.

It caught him off guard and he hesitated before pulling away. "Don't," he said sternly, holding her at arm's length by the shoulders.

Her eyes violated his considerable frame from head to toe. "I'm sorry," she blushed, fighting a grin. "It's just that being pregnant makes you so horny." Her sultry voice fanned the flames of his irritation. He wasn't sure which threw him for a bigger loop: her ridiculous kiss or the hand suddenly on his dick. He jumped backwards, holding his arms out to intercept any further attacks. "Megan, I have a girlfriend now!"

She laughed sharply, flipping her straight blond hair over a shoulder. "You? Yeah right! You can't even commit to a second date, let alone a girlfriend. Don't think I haven't heard about you."

"Megan, listen, you are a very pretty girl, but this is..."

"Stop objectifying me!"

Dean blinked blankly, a nearby air-conditioning unit humming in his ears. "What are you talking about?"

She stepped closer and softened her tone. "I can be different, Dean."

"Not like this."

"I can be whatever you want me to be," she whispered, placing a hand on his chest.

His brow crumbled.

She took advantage of his confusion and pressed her lips against his with foolish resolve.

He pushed her away, wiping the red evidence from his lips. "Megan, no matter what happens...you and I will never be together."

Megan sharpened her stony gaze. "You don't believe me, do you?"

"I didn't say that."

"You didn't have to!" she snapped, her chest heaving. "You think I don't know who was inside of me six weeks ago?"

He cringed with the rise in volume and shushed her.

"Don't shush me!" She pointed to the parking lot and spoke through gritted teeth. "You think I've fucked so many guys out there that I can't even keep track?"

"Jesus Christ, Megan," he groaned, glancing around the other patios and balconies. "You're putting words into my mouth."

Her face soured like someone had just slapped her. "Oh I get it," she said, feigning a smile. "You're too good to get locked up with Megan Crawford, is that it?"

"No, that is not..."

"Well, you should've thought about that before fucking me!"

Dean glared at her in the thunderstruck silence that followed, speechless in the face of such a horrific outburst, his chest swelling. Someone across the way peeked out between their blinds and quickly disappeared back into their living room. Dean pictured Evy crying with the unsettling news, lashing out at him like Megan was now.

Megan's long blond hair fell over her shoulder when she cocked her head to one side. "I'm sorry, Dean, I...shouldn't have said that."

"You should go."

She nodded with a sniffle. "I didn't come over here to fight with you. Must be my hormones starting to go bat-shit crazy already." She flashed him a thin smile and stood there looking at him through watery eyes for what seemed like minutes. Finally, she turned for the parking lot, her heels skittering across the patio as she stormed off with her nose held high. He watched the taillights on her red Mitsubishi fade from sight and exhaled a low breath, an orchestra of crickets and locusts buzzing his head with their constant drone. "Sonofabitch," he muttered, going back inside and barricading the door behind him like flesh-eating zombies were on the loose.

He took a steadying breath, his mind flipping through scenarios like a digital bill counter. Was it really his kid? How would Evy take it? What if he and Megan were joined at the hip for all of eternity? How would Evy take it? Should he tell her? How could he hide it? He couldn't. Not for long. His cell phone caught his attention. Dean grabbed it and scrolled through his contacts, wondering if he was cursed. He ran a hand through his hair, took a deep breath, and hit the call button.

Evy stared at the lacey bras and panties strewn across the bed, humming along with a mellow jazz tune lazily drifting in from the living room. The assortment of rich colors stood out against the white comforter, making it difficult which to choose. She checked the alarm clock on the nightstand and cringed. Dean would be here in half an hour and she wasn't even close to being ready. She stood there naked, examining her new undergarments while chewing on a pinky. The smell of the lasagna made her mouth water and she hoped he would like it. If not, they could jump right to dessert.

She finally decided that lavender was the winner and hurriedly clipped the tags. After slipping into them, she checked herself in a full length mirror leaning against a bedroom wall. She smiled in approval and turned back to the cramped walk-in closet, shoving hangers back for an inch or two of space to view her choices.

"Oh my God," she muttered, pulling out a heather gray dress with a price tag hanging from the sleeve. "I forgot all about this."

The smoke alarm went off, filling the apartment with an earsplitting protest that drowned out the iPod dock in the living room. She scurried into the hallway, her boobs bouncing inside her new bra, and pulled a step stool from a hall closet. The incessant beeping made her squint as she climbed up the stool. Evy disconnected the battery from the blaring smoke alarm like it might bite her, plunging the apartment back into a smoky instrumental.

She dragged the step stool back into the closet and padded her bare feet into the kitchen. The oven door pulled open with a creak, allowing smoke to escape from some cheese burning on the bottom, courtesy of a recent frozen pizza. The pan of lasagna bubbled and sizzled but had some time to go, so she shut the door and lit a candle before rushing back into the bedroom.

The sight of the messy closet made her sigh. She rested her hands on her hips, not knowing where to even begin. They were staying in to watch movies tonight but she still wanted to look good for him. Not too good like she was trying too hard, but a casual good. In the end, she opted for skinny jeans and a black tank top that showed off her arms. She topped it off with the arrow necklace Dean had given her and a Michael Kors watch from Richie on her twenty-seventh birthday. The last birthday they would spend together.

She studied herself in the mirror, thankful to have that man in the past and Dean in her future. It was weird how fate sometimes worked. Last year she couldn't understand why that had happened to her but looking back now, it all made sense. She imagined being married to Richie in Des Moines and shuddered at the thought. Just thinking about living without Dean made her heart ache.

Back inside the closet, she scanned the rows of shoes, from high heeled boots and dress shoes to sandals and sneakers. She tapped a finger against her lips, deciding she needed to go shoe shopping soon, and settled for a pair of purple fuck me pumps. She slid on some bracelets and checked her completed ensemble in the mirror. Butterflies stirred in her gut and she took a steadying breath. Even after nearly two months, just knowing he was on the way made her pulse race. She dashed back into the closet and switched out the pumps for a pair of Steve Madden sandals with black jewels encrusted in their center and went back to the mirror.

She lifted her shoulders to her ears and decided it was time for a glass of wine.

***

Dean crossed his arms over his chest and bit his tongue. The early evening sun baked against his neck, leaving dew-like drops of sweat springing from his forehead. An elderly couple squeezed past and went inside the grocery store where the air conditioning had to feel amazing. He shifted in his stance, watching a heavyset lady hold up the growing Redbox line behind him.

"I wanna do it! I wanna do it!" the lady's little girl yelled, standing on her bare tip-toes and randomly pressing buttons on the Redbox screen.

"Well then pick one and let's go!" the mom ordered, fanning her oversized Tweety Bird shirt to let some heat escape.

The kid scrolled through screens at the speed of light and Dean rolled his eyes beneath his shades. After Megan's bombshell, even the most mundane tasks were now pure torture. He checked his watch again and mopped his brow with the back of his hand. He was late. Last night's ordeal with Megan had left him with dark circles and little patience. In the end, he decided Shaun was right. Telling Evy anything about Megan would be pointless until he found out the truth one way or the other. Unfortunately, after researching paternity tests online, he knew it was going to be a long four or five weeks ahead of him. Until then, he would just have to act like nothing was wrong around Evy, which would be an uphill battle to say the least.

"Be nice if they made reservations online like normal people."

Dean turned to a lady behind him and smiled.

"Some people," she muttered, shaking her head.

Dean turned back around, wondering if Evy would be able to see Megan on his face. When he was seventeen he had successfully managed to hide a dent in the rear bumper of his dad's Oldsmobile for three whole days. When his parents finally noticed, they had been quick to write it off to some rude jerk at the grocery store or mall. But this was different. The stakes were much higher than a seven hundred dollar dent courtesy of a defiant telephone pole.

His phone vibrated in his pocket. He pulled it out, knowing Evy was probably wondering where he was, their dinner already getting cold. His eyes dropped to the screen and he grimaced. Megan smiled at him with her bare boobs in her hands, holding them like hamsters. He felt the lady behind him peering over his shoulder and quickly slid the phone back into his pocket, making a mental note to destroy the evidence before leaving the parking lot.

With a low hum, the Redbox finally spit out a DVD in slow motion. The little girl snatched it and her mom towed her into the parking lot by the hand.

"Thank God," the lady mumbled behind Dean.

Dean swiped his Visa and waited for the red machine to find his reservations, feeling the heat from the eyes and hot sun on his neck. At this rate, he was going to need another shower but there was no time. He swallowed dryly, wondering if he could pull it off. This was going to be much different than a seven hundred dollar dent.

***

Dean stared at the brass plated number sixteen looking back at him on the door, his heart thumping in his chest. He exhaled out his mouth, kicking himself for not canceling. His first instinct to play sick and regroup had been correct as usual. He cringed for not listening to his gut and knocked softly, clutching the Blu-rays in a sweaty hand. His stomach churned and he cursed Megan for putting him between a rock and a hard place like this. Things were finally going great and destiny, for whatever reason, was hell-bent on changing that. He had been down that road before when his parents had died in that dented Oldsmobile and there was no way he was going down it again. He had lost enough people for one lifetime. He hadn't known Evy for long but the bond was there just the same. A bond he had never felt with another living soul his entire life.

The door cracked open and his heart skipped a beat.

Evy pulled the door back, smiling warmly. "Hi, handsome."

He stepped inside and planted a kiss on her lips because that's what he would do under normal circumstances. They pulled apart and he avoided her eyes, continuing into the living room where soft jazz oozed and candles burned.

"You look great."

"Thank you," she said, closing the door and sashaying into the kitchen.

"Smells amazing."

The oven door opened with a groan and Evy peeked inside. "About ten more minutes." She shut the door and went to the fridge. "I hope you like lasagna."

He dropped the DVDs on a weathered coffee table more fitting for a Cape Cod bungalow. "Love it."

"Momma's secret recipe," she smiled, handing him a cold beer. "I hope you're hungry. It's a huge pan."

He forced a smile. "Starving," he lied, taking the cold bottle and plopping down on the couch with a tired moan bursting from his lips.

"Long day?"

He stared at her darkened flat screen. This was going to be harder than he thought. Maybe he could pretend he wasn't feeling well. Stomach ache or a fever.

"Hello?"

His head snapped around to her. "Huh?"

She took a seat next to him, careful not to spill her glass of cab as she folded one leg beneath her. "Did you have a long day?" she asked, fixing his windblown hair.

The wheels turned in his mind. He wondered if he looked like he had had a long day, and stretched his lips downward. "It wasn't too bad." He took a long drink from his bottle, the cool liquid feeling good against his tongue.

"That's good," she said, resting her arm on the couch and rubbing his neck. "Ewe, you're all sweaty."

He frowned and thought about feigning a fever. "The Redbox line was insane, and right in the sun."

Evy eyeballed the movies. "So what'd ya get?" she asked, bending over and picking up the DVDs so he didn't have to answer. He suddenly felt like the best way to avoid the whole Megan topic was to do as little talking as possible.

She held up one of the movies for him to see and pulled a wide grin across her face. "I have been waiting to see this forever!"

"Yeah, me too."

"I bet," she laughed. "Although, according to Jon, you do love yourself some chick flicks."

He pulled the other movie from her hands. "Actually, this is more my style."

Her smile fell. "Oh no!" she laughed. "I'll be up all night hearing things if I watch that. I hate those Paranormal Activity movies."

An easy grin slid across his face in the soft light. "Well, good thing you'll have some company."

Her mouth got round with surprise. "How'd you know my other boyfriend was coming over later?"

"Funny."

She laughed and set the movies down.

Dean cleared his throat and moved a decorative pillow out from under him. "So how'd it go with the plumber last night?"

"It was fine. He just had to snake the drain with this huge coil thingy. Left a huge mess everywhere that, of course, they never clean up."

"I hate when that happens."

She tipped her wine glass back, the smell of baked lasagna wafting through the air. Somebody tromped down the stairs out in the common hallway, cutting the silence between them. The steps faded into the night and the silence reconnected. The walls seemed to bulge with the tension filling the room. At least to Dean it was tension. To her, maybe it was nothing more than a comfortable silence two people sometimes shared without feeling the need to talk. He found her green eyes and couldn't stop himself from looking away to pick at the label on his bottle. She pulled her leg out from under her and resituated. He scrambled for something to say, something that wouldn't sound like anything was wrong. He sat up straighter, trying to find a more comfortable spot that was as elusive as peace of mind. Megan's words rang hollow in his ears. Black mascara bleeding down her face in muddy streams gripped his thoughts. Nothing would ever be comfortable again.

"Is something wrong?"

His heart sank. She was on to him. He couldn't possibly face her now, but at some point he would have to turn and look into those majestic eyes again. But just not right now.

"Dean?"

He could feel her eyes upon him, sending troubled signals straight to her brain. He inhaled a deep breath and forced himself to meet her vexed gaze. His Adam's apple bobbed one time while a vein throbbed in his neck. He wiped his palms on his jeans. "I might have a situation."

Evy creased her brow. "What's wrong?"

He got up and paced the modest living room like an expectant father, staring down at the carpet, his insides twisting into knots. Shooting pains stabbed at his heart like sharpened knives. This was the end of the line and there was no way to avoid barreling off the tracks. He had to tell her. But how? His mind raced. She didn't deserve this and neither did he. No one deserved to have everything they ever wanted dangled in front of them only to have it yanked away at the last second.

"Dean? You're freaking me out."

He stopped pacing and looked her right in the worried eye, dizzy from a shortness of breath he couldn't shake. "I had an old girlfriend stop by last night after you left." He watched her face stiffen and it broke his heart. He swallowed thickly, wanting to run. "She's pregnant." He waited for her to gasp out loud and slap a hand over her heart, signaling she was officially horrified beyond all recognition, but she didn't move. "Allegedly," he threw in for good measure, leaving the tiniest of cracks.

Evy stared at him with her mouth hanging open. "Pregnant?" she said faintly, the rosy color leaving her cheeks in a hurry.

He exhaled a forlorn breath, his chest deflating as quickly as his hope. "But it's not what you think. She was from before I ever laid eyes on you. That you have to know right now." He paused to catch his breath. "After I saw you, I never saw anyone else again. Only you."

She weighed his words with careful deliberation, her wine glass trembling in her hand. She set it down and crossed her arms. "How long before me?"

He dropped his gaze to the carpet, unable to look into those eyes a second longer. Dean saw her kick him out of her life forever before it even happened. He would never see those green eyes again. "A week."

Shocked silence was her reply.

He closed his eyes, wanting to rewind to the night with Megan and just go home alone but it was too late. The damage was done. He made himself look back up. He deserved it. Deserved to see what he had done to her.

Wrinkles carved through her forehead, stealing the pretty girl who had just handed him a beer. "I don't know what to say."

He looked back to the carpet and waited for something to happen, expecting her to at least break something or start slamming doors, anything to dispel the ghostly quiet sucking the air from the room. When her feet started moving, his world fell to pieces. This was it. She was showing him the door and the thought of never kissing those lips again broke his heart.

She turned off the iPod dock and he could see it now without even looking up - pleading with her tomorrow at Sugars (the only place he could get her to talk to him) while Brooke and Ben stood there gravely shaking their heads.

He finally mustered the courage to look up, wanting to just get it over with and take his medicine. Evy pulled the lasagna from the oven and quietly set it on the burners. She stared at the steamy pan of melted cheese like she was trying to determine if it was done or not, but he knew better. She was really trying to determine if they were done or not. He twisted his fingers, making them pop, and grappled for assuring words that didn't exist.

Evy turned around and folded her arms across her breasts like they were now off limits to him. "So let me see if I've got this straight," she said, sauntering back into the living room while staring past him with faraway eyes. "You had sex with a girl named..."

"Megan." He hated the way her name sounded on his tongue.

"You had sex with a girl name Megan a week before you met me and...now she's pregnant."

"Allegedly."

She stopped in front of him, close enough to intoxicate his senses with her perfume. It drove him crazy and she knew it. "And how long had you two been dating?"

He stared into her eyes, not wanting to answer this question more than anything in the world. "A day."

Her jaw hit the floor, along with his heart, as she realized she was right all along. He was just another player, taking what he wanted with no concern for anyone else. She sat down before she could collapse.

Dean took a seat on the edge of the couch, a broken man against warm gray on cream plaid. "After I met you, everyone else just...faded away."

Her watery gaze drained his spirit. He wanted to wrap her in his arms and make it right but that was impossible. He hadn't felt this helpless since his first Christmas without his parents. Like now, the only option then had been to keep breathing.

Her eyes thinned. "I thought you said you never have sex without a condom."

"I don't," he said, acting overly offended.

"Well, you didn't with me, so..."

"I used protection, but somehow..." The words died on his lips, knowing he would never kiss her again. It tortured his soul. The punishment didn't fit the crime and he was powerless to alter its path.

"Is she sure it's yours?"

He shrugged. "Who really knows, Evy? For all I know, she's crazy as hell and full of shit, but..."

"But you only knew her for a day, so you really don't know her at all."

He opened his mouth to speak but dropped her gaze instead.

"And what does Megan plan to do?"

Dean shut his eyes and rubbed his face. "She wants to keep it," he said in barely a whisper, not wanting her to hear those words most of all, wanting to protect her from the ghastly truth. How could she continue in a relationship with a man who was having a baby with another woman? She couldn't. The answer was obvious and he didn't blame her. He blamed himself for being a selfish dick, for satisfying his own needs at the expense of others. He had broken a lot of hearts over the years and now it was his turn to pay the pied piper. Justice served.

"I bet she does," Evy muttered, blinking a lone tear down her cheek.

As his ears rang and his heart broke for her, rage heated to a boil inside. Two souls destined to be together for all of eternity, torn apart in one fell swoop by the evil claws of retribution.

Evy watched him in repugnance. Hurt and anger littered her countenance like never before. His jaw tightened with his fists, squeezing together until a vein bulged in his forehead. With all his might, he held her gaze, vowing he wouldn't give up without a fight because, after all, he was a fighter.

Another tear trickled down her cheek and his hands relaxed. It didn't matter if he was a fighter or not. It wasn't fair for him to continue such a lofty pursuit while bringing such grim consequences to the one he loved the most. And that's when it hit him: he loved her. But how could she tell her family and friends that her man was having a baby with some blond named Megan? She didn't deserve this. If he really loved her, he had to let her go. If the shoe was on the other foot, and she was pregnant with another man's baby, he sure as hell wouldn't want any part of it. She deserved better.

Her smell pushed him to the brink of destruction. The thought of living without her watered a seed of misery blooming in the pit of his stomach. He looked up just in time to see her wipe away another tear.

"I love you."

Evy's brow folded, like he had just said something nasty about her weight. "What?"

He dropped her piercing glower and shifted nervously on the couch. "I know it's too late now but..." He inhaled a deep breath to steady his shaky voice, his eyes rising to find hers. "I love you."

Her face warped in the deafening silence that followed. His gut ached. He hadn't planned on telling her anything let alone this. His thoughts spiraled out of control along with his tongue. He buried his face in his hands to stop it, embarrassed to be alive and desperate not to lose the one thing he wanted more than anything in the world.

"Get out."

He pulled his face up.

Evy glared at him like a statue carved from a cold gravestone, bravely trying to mask her emotions. "Get out," she repeated slowly.

He studied her without speaking, unable to tell if this was really happening or not.

"I need some time to...process all of this," she said, confirming it was.

Dean nodded his understanding and got up. His knee cracked and he paused to take one last look at her beautiful face. Knowing this could be the last time he ever saw her made him want to say something to change her mind. "I'm sorry," he mumbled, turning for the door. His legs felt like rubber, like he had just run stairs at Miller Park. His hand grasped the doorknob but didn't turn it, giving her a little more time to tell him to wait, to come back. When she didn't, he opened the door and left her apartment without looking back.

Evy sat in silence, watching the front door shut with a symbolic click, the dull thud of her beating heart the only sound in the room as Dean's steps faded down the hallway into the night. She glanced at the pan of lasagna on the stove and turned back to the front door, imagining herself bolting through it and catching up to him in the street. She could see a flicker of hope in his eyes and it made her heart quiver. She got to her feet and went to the door, grabbed the knob but didn't turn. Her eyes studied the weathered white paint covering the thick wood, the metal cold and smooth in her hand. A thousand thoughts flipped through her vaporous head like a bad fever dream. She turned the worn knob but didn't pull. She could still catch him and figure this out together. Evy realized she had been holding her breath and let it out, locking the deadbolt and leaning her forehead against the door, wondering if she was cursed.

***

Brooke looked up from behind the counter when the bell rang above the glass front door. Her face sobered as Evy weaved through the mostly empty tables like a wayward drunk. "What's wrong, sweetie?"

Evy came around the counter and pushed past her, bursting through the swinging door and spilling into Sugars' brightly lit kitchen.

Ben sat at the silver table in the middle of the room, munching on a cupcake while sculpting a cake into a red high heel. Chocolate frosting clung to the tip of his nose and the outside of a nearby glass of chocolate milk. He turned to Evy and stopped chewing, his worn out trucker's hat shading his wrinkled brow. "Are you okay?" he asked, lowering the half eaten cupcake.

Brooke barged through the swinging door and came around for a better look. "What happened?"

Evy wiped tears from her face and plopped onto a wooden stool, her shoulders slumping as badly as her features. "He got some girl pregnant," she blurted, bursting into tears.

Brooke's face fell almost as fast as her husband's.

"Me?" Ben gasped.

"Not you, idiot!" Evy snapped. "Dean!"

Ben swallowed hard and wiped frosting on his Slipknot concert tee, a heavy frown stealing across his face. "Dean? How?"

"He had sex with her! How do you think?"

Ben tipped his cap back, a dumbfounded look warping his attractive features like a funhouse mirror.

Brooke rubbed Evy's back and spoke in a soothing tone. "It's okay, honey, take a deep breath and tell us what happened."

Evy shook her head in frustration, like she didn't know what had happened. "It was some girl he hooked up with the weekend before we met and now she's pregnant and I don't know how this could be happening but it is and everything is ruined!"

"Okay, okay" Brooke said softly. "Just slow down and start from the beginning."

Mascara ran down Evy's cheeks in inky streams. "Some girl named Megan is pregnant with his child," she cried, slamming her fist down on the stainless steel table and making Ben and his milk jump at the same time. "I should've known better!"

Ben swiveled toward Evy on his stool. "So hold up, you mean he slept with this girl before he met you and now she's pregnant?"

"That's what he just told me at my apartment. We were supposed to be having movie night."

He dropped her cold gaze and toyed with one of the black loops in his ears. "Talk about bad timing," he muttered under his breath.

"Oh honey," Brooke said with a motherly tone.

Evy pushed her away and rested her elbows on the table. Her vacant eyes blurred the tattoos wrapping Ben's burly arms into colorful blobs. "And then he had the nerve to tell me he loved me."

Brooke's pretty face soured. "He didn't?"

"He did." Evy wiped tears away, smearing black streaks across her cheeks. "And the worst part is...I love him, too."

Brooke and Ben traded apprehensive looks.

"Oh, sweetie," Brooke cooed, pulling Evy into her arms and hugging her tight. "I'm so sorry," she whispered, stroking her hair like Dean used to do.

Evy buried her face into Brooke's neck and opened the floodgates, soaking her sister's work shirt. "What kind of man says that to someone when another woman is pregnant with his baby?"

"A desperate one," Ben snorted, looking away when both women shot him icy glares.

"Now, let's just figure this whole thing out," Brooke said, holding Evy out for a better look.

Evy's breath came in staggered hitches. "I'm sorry for coming here and dumping this on you guys, but I didn't have anywhere else to go."

"You came to the right place, little lady," Ben smiled, patting her hand. "I'm going to go check on the customers and I'll be right back with something to help."

Brooke watched him disappear up front and let out an exasperated breath as she sat down on one of the wooden stools. The lights hummed louder in the quiet swooping down upon the spotless kitchen like a plague of locusts. Brooke bit her bottom lip. "But, technically, he didn't cheat on you?"

"No," Evy fired back. "He didn't cheat on me, Brooke, but this is...almost worse. The man I love is having a baby with another woman." She set her jaw and backhanded a stack of cupcake wrappers off the table. "It's so fucked up!"

"Is this girl..."

"Megan!"

Brooke cleared her throat and started over. "Is Megan sure Dean is the father?"

Evy stared at the dishwasher through blurry eyes. "So she says."

"How can she be so sure?"

"He said he used protection but..." Evy buried her face in her hands and cried, unable to finish.

"Could she be mistaken?"

"Who knows? All I know is he's a player and it's come back to haunt me." She pulled her puffy face from her hands and turned to her sister with a pointed glare. "I told you, Brooke," she grumbled. "But oh no, you made me go out with him anyway. This is all your fault!"

Brooke's jaw dropped like a rock. Her eyes tightened into slits. "No," she whispered gravely. "You take that back."

"Here we go!" Ben said, coming back into the kitchen with a tray of beers and shots. He stopped in his tracks, digesting the intense looks gripping their faces. "Is this a bad time?"

"I'm sorry," Evy said faintly. "I-I didn't mean that."

Brooke's eyes welled up with tears. "I know you didn't."

Ben quietly backpedaled out of the kitchen.

"Freeze!" Brooke said, nodding to the table.

He crept over and carefully set the drinks down. "I've got just the thing for a broken heart." He rubbed his hands together like a wizard about to conjure up a magic potion. "Tequila and beer. Works every time!"

Brooke pressed her lips together. "And when have you ever had a broken heart?"

Ben hiked his jeans up by a chain connecting his wallet to a belt loop. "Seventh grade when Annie Creighton picked Rusty Callahan over me to go to the school dance."

"Oh God, here we go again," Brooke mumbled under her breath.

"I bought new shoes and everything," he sighed, taking his cap off and wiping a greasy sheen from the five o'clock shadow sprouting across his shaved head. He pulled the hat down so low his eyes were barely visible. "I would've eaten a shit sandwich for her."

Brooke and Evy stared at him like he had just broken wind.

"Alrighty then," he said, raising one of the shot glasses into the air. "No time like the present."

"Ben, this isn't..."

"Fuck it" Evy said, snatching up a shot glass and knocking it back in a single gulp. Brooke traded a glance with Ben and he shrugged. They followed suit, knocking the shots back and slamming the glasses onto the metal table with a loud clang. Brooke's face contorted with the tequila's burn.

"That'll make your dick hard," Ben wheezed, chasing the shot with a long drink of beer.

Evy arched an eyebrow at him.

He swallowed. "What? You want some weed too? I've got some in the office," he said, thumbing to the small office on the other side of the wall.

Evy slid her shot glass across the table, staring at it through somber eyes. "Go get the bottle."

***

Evy laughed until she cried, setting her beer down on the edge of the table and nearly falling off her stool.

Ben caught her just before she fell while Brooke repositioned the beer bottle dangling perilously close to a nasty fall.

"That didn't really haffen, did it?" Evy slurred, chewing a mouthful of red velvet cupcake. She wiped white frosting from her nose and smeared it across her cheek.

"It did," Ben replied, belching loudly.

"Don't be a pig," Brooke reprimanded.

Evy rested a heavy elbow on the table and cupped her chin. "Why didn't yufe tell me about that before?" she asked loudly, her elbow slipping off the edge of the table.

Brooke caught her arm and steadied her before she hit the ground. "Because it's not exactly something I'm proud of," Brooke answered, shooting daggers at Ben, who held up his hands in defense.

Evy took a pull from her beer, her bloodshot eyes bouncing from Brooke to Ben. "You were dating Brooke's roommate?"

Ben nodded with droopy eyes.

"And she caught you two doing it in her walk-in closet?"

Ben took another hit off a half burned joint and held it in. "Yep." He passed it to Brooke who waved him off.

"So what'd you do?" Evy asked, blowing hair out of her face.

Ben exhaled a rolling cloud of smoke that smelled like a dead skunk. "It was a Halloween party so I tried to get her to join us."

Brooke slapped his arm. "Benjamin!" she scolded, turning back to Evy. "He did not." She exhaled a lengthy breath and stared at a large mixer through faraway eyes. "It was so embarrassing," she said bleakly, shaking her head. "Poor Mandy was just standing there in her Little Red Riding Hood costume, staring at us in absolute horror while Ben's boner bobbed in the air."

Ben shrugged. "Hey, why bob for apples when you can bob for boners?"

Brooke hit him with a cold glare and Evy howled with laughter, pointing at him with an accusatory finger covered in frosting. "Boner Ben!"

Ben chuckled, toying with one of his earrings. "You should've seen the look on Mandy's face. I had dressed up as Leatherface and covered myself in fake blood and it was all over both of us when she opened that door."

Brooke dropped her forehead into her palm, a sheepish grin covering her face. "I thought I had just gotten my period."

Evy threw her head back and laughed even harder. "You two are terrible!"

Ben licked his fingers and put the smoking joint out with a light sizzle. "Hey, it was your sister's fault for dressing up as a sexy Wonder Woman," he replied, tucking the joint into a pack of cigarettes.

"Why is everything always my fault? I didn't even know you were her new boyfriend. I thought it was the guy dressed up as Captain Hook."

Ben laughed. "Mandy was anti-weed anyway, so we were doomed from the start."

Evy screwed her face up. "Then why did you go out with her in the first place?"

Ben's face sobered. "Cuz she had huge tits."

Brooke let out a defeated sigh. "And that's how I found my husband and lost my roommate on the same night."

Evy shook her head, staring at her sister with a drunken grin smeared across her messy face. "You're such a home wrecker."

Ben pulled a cigarette from the pack. "Homo-wrecker?"

"I said home wrecker!" Evy snapped, her body convulsing with a sudden hiccup.

"Don't even think about lighting that in here!"

Ben stopped with the lighter's flame inches from the end of the cigarette dangling from his lips. "Oh, but it's okay to smoke weed in here?"

"Cigarette smoke lingers," Brooke said, going through the swinging door into the darkened cafe they had closed for the night two hours ago.

Ben tucked the lighter into his jeans and released a long breath. "Hey listen, for what it's worth, Evy, it sounds like Dean was a hapless bystander in this whole thing. That's just my opinion but it seems like he's as much a victim in this as you are."

"What?" she gasped.

He held up a hand with the unlit cigarette clutched between two fingers. "Dude went in strapped and things went south. He hadn't even met you yet and, like most people, was just out doing his thing." He glanced to the door and lowered his voice. "I mean, I used to bang some really crazy chicks before your sister came along."

Evy wrinkled her nose and held up a hand. "Okay, I don't need to..."

"Hell, I probably got an entire village of kids I don't even know about out there."

"Stop."

"All makes and models, too."

"I get it, Ben."

"I'm just sayin that sometimes, when alcohol is involved, things can get a little weird. And you know me, when there was less than an hour of bar time left I stopped gettin picky."

Evy shook her head. "Way tufe much info."

"My money says this Megan chick is just tryin to hold him down to get some more of that giant cock."

Evy inhaled sharply and slapped his bicep. "Ben!"

He held his hands up in surrender, intertwining tattoos forming a photographic mosaic across his arms. "What? I heard about it."

"You are so vulgar! Is this is your idea of cheering someone up?"

"No, this is," he smiled, pulling a fresh joint from his pack of smokes.

Evy took a long drink of beer, peering at him out the corner of a puffy eye. "Anyway, I seriously doubt anyone issat crafy," she slurred.

Ben's scruffy jaw hit the table. "You wanna talk crazy? Trapping someone in a relationship with a fake baby is nothing! Don't you ever watch Dateline?"

She fanned a drunken hand through the air and scanned the empty beer bottles and cupcake wrappers littering the table between them. "So what am I suffosed to do? Be a stepmom to his bastard child? That should make for a nice Chrissmas card!"

He laughed before growing quiet, the buzzing fluorescents filling their ears. "Listen, none of us can tell you what to do, Evy. Only you know what you're feeling inside. Just trust your heart cuz it'll never steer you wrong."

She examined his grave face through misty eyes.

Brooke crashed back through the swinging door with two more beers and a bottle of water. "All right, who wants to bob for Ben's boner?"

Evy turned to Ben. "Is it really covered in tats?"

Ben took one of the beer bottles from his wife. "Cost you fifty bucks to find out."

Brooke set the water in front of Evy. "He's not kidding either. He made a hundred and fifty dollars at my class reunion last year."

Evy's brow folded. "What?"

"No joke," Ben replied, pulling out his lighter.

"Didn't that hurt?"

"What? Getting tattoos on my shlong?" He shrugged and popped the cap with the lighter. "The worst part was staying hard the whole time."

"Ewe!" Evy squealed.

"Needless to say, I had to use a female artist on that one," he muttered out the corner of his mouth. "And a fluffer."

Brooke folded her arms, glaring at him from across the table. "Are you done?"

Ben raised his eyebrows and shrugged. "I guess so. For now."

"Go smoke your cigarette," she told him, turning her attention back to Evy. "Don't listen to a word he says. He's got about as much sense as a leprechaun on Thanksgiving."

Evy hiccupped. "I don't even know what that means."

Brooke took her sister's hand and watched Ben push through the metal door leading to the alley out back. She exhaled a slow breath. "No one can tell you what to do."

Evy rolled her eyes and took a long drink of the cold water.

"But don't be so quick to give up on Dean."

Evy swallowed with a flabbergasted sigh. "I thought you just said no one can tell me what to do."

"No one but me," Brooke added, scooting her stool closer and producing a shrill scrape that echoed off the cold walls. "He really likes you, sweetie. I can see it in his eyes whenever he looks at you." Brooke smiled warmly, staring at the backdoor through doting eyes. "I know that look because Ben still looks at me like that and we've been married for three and a half years."

A faint smile shaped Evy's lips.

"And believe me, that kind of thing doesn't come around every day. Outside of Sarah, most of my friends ended up settling with people they can barely stand and life's too short for that." She wiped frosting from Evy's face with her thumb. "Look what happened with you and Richie, and you almost married him."

Evy groaned. "Don't even bring him up."

"The point is, nothing good comes easy. This isn't a fairytale. No one lives happily ever after without a fight, not in the real world anyway. You want it, you gotta take it."

Evy's entire body shuddered with another hiccup. "Why do you always make me feel like the kid sister?"

Brooke's face brightened. "Because I'm so smart."

Evy bit back a laugh.

"Hey!" Brooke said, pulling her sister's arm down so she could see her face. "Do you love Dean or not?"

Evy looked up with glassy eyes, staring blankly at Brooke like she hadn't understood the question.

"Do you love him or not?"

Evy blinked a tear down her cheek. "Yes."

"Then fight for him," she whispered, leaning back and taking a drink of her beer. "Plus, if his cock is half as big as you say it is, you can't let that go."

Evy shielded her eyes with a hand. "I never said how big it is."

"And that's just wrong."

A comfortable silence fell between them as Brooke released a lion-like yawn.

Evy looked into her little sister's eyes and smiled. "Thank you."

Brooke shrugged. "For what?"

Evy reached out and hugged her tightly. "For always being there for me. I love you and Ben so much. I don't know what I'd do without you two."

Brooke brushed hair from Evy's face. "Regardless of what happens, you're going to be fine. Just remember that."

Ben burst through the backdoor, a bottle of beer in his hand. "So, we gonna have a threesome tonight or what?"

Brooke turned to Evy with a tired sigh. "I don't know how I do it."

Evy hiccupped again. "I need a cab."

Dean stared at the open folder on his desk, his eyes blurring the words together until they formed a fuzzy block of unintelligible letters. His finger spun a pen on the desk's slick surface, his thoughts leaving the office in a hot air balloon and sailing off with the wind. He wondered if there was an old family curse he wasn't aware of. Maybe his great, great grandpa had made one too many promises to a secret lover, scorning her into cursing his children and their children and so on until the end of time.

Dean spun the pen again and watched it blur like a rotating helicopter blade.

"Dean?"

His eyes snapped to the black phone on his desk. He hesitated before reaching out and pressing a button. "Yes, Gina?"

"There is a Clayton Crawford here to see you."

His eyebrows dipped together as he scanned his mental rolodex. He flipped to the calendar on his iPad and came up empty. No appointments.

"Megan Crawford's father."

Dean tried to swallow the lump in his throat but it wouldn't budge. He whispered a swear word and pressed the button again. "Send him in," he said, slapping the folder shut and sliding an open package of peanut butter MandMs into a desk drawer. He ran a hand through his hair and took a deep breath, trying to calm his racing pulse. Just when he thought things couldn't possibly get any worse...

The door clicked open and Gina greeted him with an arched eyebrow, the unscheduled appointment lurking just behind her. The tall man in a tailored suit smiled at her as he whisked past, entering Dean's office with a confident stride. "Hello Dean," he smiled warmly, extending his hand with his fingers splayed. "Clayton Crawford."

Dean got up on rubbery legs and rounded the desk, accepting the man's firm grip and admiring the way his ice blue eyes set off his distinguished head of gray hair. "Dean Jacobs. Have a seat." He gestured to the two chairs in front of the desk and smiled at Gina. "Thank you, Gina."

She stared blankly at him for a few seconds before slowly shutting the door and leaving them alone. Clayton sat down and Dean returned to the high back chair behind the desk. The leather creaked as Dean sat down and quietly exhaled a pent-up breath. Clayton crossed his legs like a girl and folded his hands on one knee, smiling at Dean from across the desk. A wall clock ticked off audible seconds that seemed louder with each successive click. They held each others' gaze, no one willing to commit to speaking first. A foreboding cloud of gloom rolled through the pit of Dean's stomach. He could feel sweat forming across his upper lip and hoped Clayton didn't notice. Dean shifted in his chair. Another loud groan pierced the awkward silence between them as Clayton's expensive cologne washed over Dean like a swarm of angry insects burrowing into every orifice they could find.

"I apologize for the pop-in; I hope I didn't catch you at a bad time."

Dean shook his head, working to maintain a polite smile. "I'm in between meetings."

A grin tugged at the corner of Clayton's mouth. His eyes wandered the office, taking in the generic paintings, framed degrees, and thick law books lining two walls. "Marquette huh?"

Dean pressed his lips together and nodded.

"Great school. What kind of law do you practice, Dean?"

"Corporate."

Clay tipped his head back and nodded. "Your parents must be very proud."

Dean rested his elbows on the desk and interlocked his fingers together. "What can I do for you, Mr. Crawford?"

"Please, call me Clay," he replied, adjusting the lavender necktie that matched the silk handkerchief peeking over a breast pocket. "Mr. Crawford was my father," he said with a poster boy smile.

Dean didn't respond.

Clay took a deep breath. "After Megan's little bombshell, I just wanted to stop by and introduce myself. I know this isn't easy for any of us."

The word us made Dean cringe inside, but he managed to remain unreadable.

"She can certainly be a handful at times, no one knows that better than I, but I just wanted to tell you how much I appreciate what you said to her last night. It was especially comforting for her mother, who, as you can imagine, is just beside herself right now." His cold gaze tightened. "The sky is always falling with her," he said, a tight-lipped smile spreading across his tanned face.

Dean swallowed dryly, trying to figure out which part of last night's horrific conversation Megan's mother had found so comforting.

"It was a very kind gesture on your part offering to stand by her throughout this...sordid affair."

Dean almost laughed out loud but managed to swallow it. He spread his palms apart on the desk. "Well, I'll be glad to do whatever I can."

Clay nodded, weighing Dean's words with patient care. He glanced at a picture of Dean and Evy on a bookshelf and jerked his strong chin to it. "Is that the girlfriend Megan was telling us about?"

Dean's breath hitched. The clock ticked louder, launching the onset of a sharp headache near his brainstem. The last thing he wanted was to drag Evy any further into this mess than he had to. He followed Clay's curious gaze to the framed shot of he and Evy's smiling faces inside Miller Park, where the Brewers were adding to a three run lead against the Chicago Cubs in the background. He turned back to Clay and replied with a faint nod.

"Pretty girl."

"Thank you."

"So how does she feel about all of this?" Clay asked with a sinister grin that made Dean sweat. "I imagine it must be very difficult."

"It sounds like you've already got enough to worry about."

Clay raised his brow. "I suppose you're right. I'll have some tickets sent over," he said with a wink. "Megan isn't the biggest fan of baseball in the world but she does enjoy going to the games."

An eerie stillness swept over the room, cloaking them in a period of unease the clock ticked off one painstaking second at a time.

"Listen, Dean, I want you to know it takes a real man to make certain sacrifices in order to live up to his responsibilities, and I admire that about you. I really do."

Dean honed his gaze, a gnawing feeling eating away at his nerves. He resisted the urge to wipe the sweat from his upper lip as Clay grinned at him.

Clay flicked his wrist out and checked a Rolex crafted from gun metal. He exhaled a tired breath and slapped a hand on the desk, making Dean flinch. "Well, I just wanted to introduce myself and say thank you for being so understanding about this whole...situation." A forced smile cut across his toned cheeks. "We'll get through it."

Dean got up from his chair when Clay did, eager as hell for this man that smelled of designer cologne and classy cigars to leave his office.

Clay extended a hand and that million dollar smile. "Nice to meet you, Dean," he said, shaking Dean's hand with a sturdy grip. The clock ticked and Clay turned for the door, not moving nearly fast enough in Dean's mind.

Clay gripped the doorknob and turned back to Dean, pinching his cold eyes together. "Oh, before I forget, would you be able to take Megan to an ultrasound check up tomorrow morning? Her mother and I will be at a rally up north all day and Nancy would feel a lot better knowing you were with her." He smiled warmly at Dean. "Hearing your child's heartbeat for the first time really is the most precious moment of your life."

A band of moths cranked up in Dean's stomach, stealing his breath. He had been seconds away from getting out of this horror show and now he was seconds away from getting sucked in even deeper. "Sure," he said dully, the color leaving his face.

Clay smiled brightly. "Great. I'll tell Megan to call you with the specifics."

Dean stared at him, his brain already scrambling for a way out as Clay finally pulled the door open and headed back the way he came.

Dean mopped the sweat from his lip with his hand, refusing to believe any of this was actually happening. He hated Megan for bringing this angry cloud over his world, a world that had been shining like an angel's halo on a bright spring morning.

Gina appeared in the doorway and Dean barely noticed the way her nipples were poking through her satiny black top. The frown gripping her face was another story.

"Who the hell is Megan?"

His shoulders slumped. "No one," he said, grabbing his cell phone and keys from the desk.

"Before you leave, Mr. Whitmore would like to see you in his office."

An exhausted sigh hissed from his lips. He stared at the folder on his desk, Clay's words assaulting his every turn. "Why?"

Gina shrugged. "Don't kill the messenger," she said flatly, heading back to her post up front.

He stared at the plaques on the wall, blurring them into meaningless pieces of framed paper. Everything was hollow now, filled with no significance, tainted from a new reality he still dared to believe. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to imagine what his boss could possibly want. Whatever it was, Dean was sure he would have a hard time paying attention. He straightened his coat and practiced his smile in the reflection of his iPad before leaving his office.

***

The parking lot was nearly deserted and that was a good sign. Dean needed a plan of action and needed it fast. A bell rang when he pushed the glass door open and stepped inside, the smell of sanitizer and a Glade plug-in mixing in his lungs. The empty waiting room was a sight for sore eyes, confirming the barren lot outside.

"Well, hello, Dean!"

A courteous smile wiggled through his unshaven face. "Hi, Marie."

"I thought your cleaning was next week."

"It is," he said, leaning against the moon-shaped front desk. "Is Shaun free?"

She stared blankly at him for a moment, waiting for him to elaborate. When he didn't she picked up a black phone. "Let me check," she said, punching some buttons and putting the phone to her ear. "He should be finishing up a root canal."

"Thanks."

Bob Segar's Turn the Page oozed from the recessed speakers in the ceiling, serenading Dean with a mournful saxophone that mirrored his drained disposition in perfect harmony. His eyes wandered out a nearby window overlooking a small wooded area, where Clay's words lurked in the shadows, waiting for him to leave. He winced, realizing how close he had come to having it all.

"Doctor Morris, Dean is here to see you up front." Marie chewed on the tip of a pen as she listened, watching Dean with the phone pressed against her ear. "No, Dean Martin," she laughed. "Of course Dean Jacobs." She rolled her eyes and smiled. "Okay, I'll tell him," she said in a light voice, hanging up. "He'll be right out."

"He really makes you call him doctor?"

She leaned back in her chair and let out a short laugh. "Dentists are doctors, Dean, don't you know that?" She leaned forward and lowered her voice. "And don't you dare try telling him any different or he'll take it out on my Christmas bonus."

Dean chuckled and took a seat in the waiting room, eager to avoid any further small talk. He sat down with a tired sigh and picked up a curled issue of People magazine with Kate Middleton's pretty face splashed across the coffee-ringed cover.

"So how have you been?"

A cringe wormed through him like an invasive Amazonian species. He looked up to Marie's rosy face and tried on a smile that didn't fit. "Good. Busy with work but in this economy that's not a bad thing."

She pulled her multi-colored smock out from under her belly and swiveled towards him in the chair. A loud squeak punctured the quiet around them. "So has a lucky woman finally snatched you off the market yet?"

He opened his mouth just as Shaun burst through a metal door with a narrow window. He wore dark blue scrubs with a pair of glasses hanging around his neck and a surprised look on his face. "What is up, big baller!" he said, holding the door open and nodding to the back. "Come on back."

Dean set the magazine down and got up, thankful for the rescue. He smiled at Marie and thanked her again.

Shaun let the door close behind them. "Well, this is a nice surprise."

"I catch you at a bad time?"

"Not anymore," Shaun replied, leading him into a spacious corner office. He shut the door and took a seat behind a large mahogany desk. "Just finished up a root canal on a sixty-five year old cat lady and now I'm covered in cat hair and bone fragment."

Dean took a seat in an armchair facing the cluttered desk, his face souring. "Lucky you."

Shaun rested his elbows on the desk. "I can't get clean, Dean," he said softly, rubbing his hands together. "No matter how hard I scrub, I can't get clean." He took a pensive breath. "Although, this new hottie that rolled in here this morning almost made up for the cat lady."

Dean lifted his brow.

"You should've seen her," Shaun grinned. "Huge tits! Just what the doctor ordered, too. More hot chicks and less screaming kids. I get enough of that crap at home."

A thin smile spread Dean's lips.

Shaun cleared his throat and studied Dean, picking up on his silence. "Listen to me going on and on about my problems when you look like shit."

"Thanks."

Shaun opened a cabinet behind him and took out a small mask with a plastic tube running to a silver canister lying on its side.

"You want some gas?"

Dean held up a hand. "I want a plan."

Shaun shrugged. "I thought we went over this last night," he said, returning the mask and turning back to face Dean.

"Megan's dad popped into my office today."

Shaun's jaw hit the desk with a dull thud. "What? Why?"

"Said he wanted to introduce himself and tell me how much he and his wife appreciate my offer to help out with Megan's pregnancy."

Shaun's eyes nearly popped out of their sockets. "Offer? Why would you do that?"

"It was an empty gesture!"

"Oh my God," Shaun said faintly, opening a bottom desk drawer and retrieving a bottle of scotch.

"Yeah and get this, the guy is an alderman running for mayor - Clay Crawford. Ever heard of him?"

"I don't follow local politics. The national stuff is boring enough as it is."

"Anyway, he and his wife are going to be out of town tomorrow at some campaign rally and he wants me to drive her to a doctor's appointment in the morning."

Shaun pulled two rocks glasses from the same drawer without taking his eyes from Dean. "Shut the hell up."

"I'm not even kidding."

Shaun poured a finger's worth of the golden liquid into each glass and slid one across the desk to Dean. "Well, this isn't going to get you back into Evy's panties."

"Tell me about it," Dean snorted. "It's just one thing after another at this point."

Shaun raised his glass. "Here's to life's curveballs."

Dean stared at him without moving.

Shaun bobbed his eyebrows and took a sip that made him wince. "It's a test."

"How?"

"She probably has a million friends who could take her to the doctor tomorrow, or at least an aunt or something. He just wants to see if you'll do it."

Two women laughed in the hallway just outside the door, coating Dean's nerves with an underlying tone of irritation. Their carefree attitudes made him jealous. He was so far from that kind of lackadaisical communication it was scary.

He shifted in the chair. "So what's he going to do if I don't show up tomorrow? Stop my building's garbage collection?"

"You never know. Those small time politicians are ego-driven maniacs, who love to flaunt their pull."

Dean's eyebrows drew together as he took a sip of his drink, immediately regretting it as Fleetwood Mac's Rhiannon drifted down from above.

Shaun set his glass on the desk and licked his lips. "Skip the doctor thing tomorrow. You start getting in deep now and you'll never get back out. It's like quicksand. Like I told you last night, you don't even know that A) she's really pregnant, or B) it's yours."

Another flourish of laughter out in the hall caused Dean to imagine people eavesdropping with water glasses pressed to the door.

Shaun lowered his voice. "Trust me, bro, this guy's just trying to intimidate you into doing what he wants, but you have to push back. If you don't, you're going to end up a Lamaze partner."

A short laugh surprised Dean when it broke from his lips.

"Are you going to tell Evy about this Clay guy?"

"She won't talk to me, so I doubt it."

Shaun took a thoughtful sip and released a heated breath. "This is all going to work itself out. Trust me, this Megan girl just wants to sink her teeth into a successful guy so she never has to work a day in her life. I've seen it a million times before. Her dad has nothing to do with this."

"You want to hear something really funny?"

Shaun lifted his brow.

"Whitmore just made me partner."

An eerie silence fell between them.

Shaun stared at Dean with his jaw dangling in the sterilized air. "Are you serious?"

"Who says timing isn't everything, huh?"

"That's incredible, man. Congratulations!"

Dean snorted and checked his cell.

Shaun's brow creased. "You don't even care, do you?"

Dean took another sip of the scotch and grimaced with the burn.

Shaun exhaled slowly. "You just stick to the plan. Blow this Megan chick off tomorrow morning and show em who's boss." He took a quick drink and shrugged. "What's the worst that can happen?"

Dean stared at his cell phone, willing it to ring, trying to use the force. Only one thing could help ease the pain right now and seeing Evy's name pop up on that screen would go a long way. He checked his watch to make sure the time on the screen was correct. It had been nearly twenty-four hours since she had kicked him out of her apartment and it was all he could do to keep from calling her like some lovesick schoolboy. He pulled up her name in his contacts and stared at it, needing to hear her voice, even if it was just her greeting. His thumb hovered above the call button.

His eyes jerked to the picture of them at the ballpark he had brought home from the office in case Clay decided to pull another pop-in. He wanted Evy as far away from that guy as possible. A wistful sigh seeped from his lips. Her green eyes were enchanting, lighting up the living room and breaking his heart at the same time. The smile shaping her lips convinced him they could be like that again. This wasn't over. Maybe she would answer if he called. His thumb circled the green button. Maybe she was ready to talk. He exhaled a pent up breath and scrolled down to Megan's name instead and hit call.

The first ring triggered a flutter in his heart. Maybe Megan wouldn't answer because she had met somebody and they were deep in conversation over a candlelit dinner for two. Maybe Dean would already be yesterday's news and he would be quick to take a hint.

A soft click silenced the ringing and his hopes too soon. Megan fumbled with her phone and he almost hung up.

"Hey sexy, I was hoping you would call me back."

He shut his eyes and cringed, her upbeat tone wringing the air from his lungs. "Sorry about that, I was swamped with meetings all day," he said, hyping up sounding tired from a phony day at the office. Even though it was a lie, it was easy to pull off.

She sent an irritable sounding breath into the phone. "I wanted to apologize about my father stopping by your work like that today."

He glanced out the patio door, praying Evy would be standing there, looking at him with those big green eyes, unable to stand another minute apart. Instead, twilight was his sole visitor. "It's no big deal."

"It is a big deal!" Megan curtly countered. "That is so embarrassing. I'm a big girl and can take care of myself."

Dean rolled his eyes.

"But don't worry, he won't be doing that again. I gave him fifty shades of hell for it and he apologized over and over."

An uneasy laugh slipped from his mouth and dove into the cell phone, snaking down his ear. His eyes dropped to his black Adidas, the walls around him bowing in his peripheral vision as if they were breathing. "How are you feeling?"

"I feel fine. Maybe a little tired but other than that I feel good."

"That's good," he said, praying she would absolve him from his taxiing duties tomorrow morning like any normal person in their right mind would do. Dean shifted on the couch and turned to the TV without registering what was on.

"It also wasn't right of him to ask you to take me to the doctor tomorrow morning like that."

He pulled the phone from his mouth, her words forcing a much needed sigh of relief. Her breathing grew louder in the quiet that stretched between them. Suddenly, he had the eerie feeling it was Megan standing outside his window, not Evy, watching him with her cell phone pressed to her ear. His eyes snapped to the patio door. Still empty.

"Soooo, did you want to take me to the doctor's tomorrow?" she asked, trying to mask a hopeful tone.

He pressed his eyelids together until he saw stars. Agony coursed through him like a black poison, corrupting his soul.

"I mean, you don't have to by any means, but if you wanted to be part of..."

"Actually, that's why I'm calling," he said, cutting her off before she could mutter the word conception again. "One of my cases was bumped up and I have to be in court tomorrow morning."

"It's okay, Dean," she said, saving him with a surprisingly pleasant tone. "It was short notice and rude of my father to ask in the first place. I can find someone else to hold my hand."

Relief spilled over him like a Costa Rican waterfall, cleansing his tortured thoughts long enough to afford him a genuine smile. Maybe he had read her all wrong. "Are you sure?"

She paused before answering, shooting his nerves in the foot. "I'm sure," she said, sounding a bit dejected and sinking his blossoming smile.

Despite that, he refused to say anything else that could feed this conversation into living any longer than necessary.

"Well, I should probably let you go, but I just wanted to apologize for my father. He can be a real jerk sometimes."

"No need to apologize. He's just worried about his daughter, which is understandable."

Another hesitant response made him get up from the couch and start pacing. He was ready to get off the phone before something worse than a doctor's appointment came up.

"Sooooo, I'll see you around?"

He stopped pacing, trying to decide if it was a question or a statement. His free hand balled into a fist. He opened his mouth to tell her sure but it wouldn't come out. His gaze dropped back to his gym shoes, pages of delicate language flipping through his mind. "Yeah, sure." He winced with the lack of conviction in his voice and returned to wearing out the carpet.

She cleared her throat and Dean wasn't sure if he heard a sniffle in there or not. Time slowed to a crawl. The fact that she couldn't take a hint and just say goodbye made his blood boil. Instead, she insisted upon sucking up as much of his time as possible and that scared the hell out of him. His patience ran thin. For all he knew, she wasn't even pregnant. And even if she was, there was a litter of guys out there to choose from. He kicked a dress shoe across the room and clenched his teeth, mentally willing her to hang-up so hard he thought he would get a nose bleed.

"Talk to you later, Dean."

He stopped moving, unsure if had been a question or not. "Bye, Megan," he said, hanging up before she did and staring at the phone for a few seconds before daring to breathe again. His eyes roamed the room's potted plants and IKEA furniture, unsure of how that whole call just went. He checked his nose for blood and started pacing again. The crumpled sheets on his bed quietly reminded him of another night of tossing and turning waiting for him like a monster in the closet. He turned back to his phone and flipped to Evy's name, unable to take it any longer. He needed to hear her voice. His thumb floated above the green button as he imagined what she was doing right now. He grunted. Maybe she was the one who had met somebody new, putting Dean in the rearview mirror where he would fade further into the horizon with each minute that passed. Time was money. He couldn't afford letting it slip through his fingers. Grudgingly, he tossed the cell onto the couch where it came to rest with a soft bounce. At this point, he would only make things worse. His best friend now was time.

Dean glanced at the TV and saw Megan telling her father that Dean wasn't taking her to the doctor tomorrow morning. He could see rage hardening the lines in Clay's face, his hands tightening around the chair's arms. Dean dropped onto the couch and stared at the wall, a ball of gloom growing in the pit of his stomach.

***

The next day, the clock in Dean's office inched closer to five o'clock like the hands were turning through cold molasses. Following his absence yesterday - and in light of making partner - he was determined to stick it out until the end today. Fortunately, he had an interesting case with a new client to keep him busy. Despite that, he still found plenty of time to keep glancing at the door, imagining Clay barging in and unleashing hell.

Dean wiped his clammy palms on his black slacks, unable to stop envisioning what it would have been like this morning. A snapshot of images flickered through his mind: taking Megan inside the clinic, everyone assuming he was the happy father, running into someone he knew, trying to explain his way out of the unexplainable, seeing it get back to Evy.

His cell phone vibrated on the desk, jerking him from his thoughts. He squinted at the unfamiliar number, wondering if it was Evy calling from Sugars or some other phone. His thumb lingered above the answer button as the phone angrily vibrated in his hand. Or maybe it was Megan calling from her house phone or God knows where. The cell kept vibrating, demanding attention like an infant child. In a few seconds, it would go to voicemail and if it was Evy, maybe she wouldn't have the courage leave a message and he would never know how close they had come to reconnecting.

He held his breath and answered with his thumb. "Hello?"

The sobbing on the other end made him sit up straighter in the chair, making it creak.

"Hello?" he repeated.

"Dean?"

His heart nearly burst through his ribcage. "Evy!"

A wet sounding sniffle caused him to swell with joy. She had finally come to her senses. He ran a hand through his hair, his wild eyes sweeping the room, overcome with emotion.

"No, it's Brooke."

His heart sank with his posture. "Brooke?"

"Evy gave me your number."

"What's wrong? Is she okay?"

Brooke cleared her throat. "She's fine. Well, sort of. We have a serious problem and need your help. Can you come to Sugars?"

His blood pounded thickly in his temples. "When?"

"Now, if you can," she sniveled. "It's important."

His mind scrolled through a million different scenarios as quickly as his heart was beating. "I'm on my way."

***

The bell rang and Evy's pulse quickened when Dean pushed through the door. The world stopped turning as their eyes met for the first time in what seemed like years. Everything else faded into the background, just like it had during their first kiss, and she cursed under her breath. Despite his tailored suit and swept back hair, he looked like he hadn't slept in days. She wanted to jump into his arms and hug the daylights out of him but she refused to get up from the table. He came closer and, somehow, she managed to look away.

"Thank you so much for coming over on short notice, Dean," Brooke said, gesturing for him to join them at the table up front. "But we didn't know who else to call."

Dean tore his eyes from Evy long enough to acknowledge Brooke and Ben. The setting sun sliced through the front window, leaving stripes of light across the empty tables around them. "Are you closed?" he asked, pulling a chair back and taking a seat.

Brooke dabbed at her nose with a wadded up napkin. "For now."

Ben slid a piece of paper across the table, his eyes firmly fixed on Dean.

Dean assessed the grave look hardening Ben's face before slowly lowering his narrow eyes to the paper. "What is this?"

"They t-took our liquor license," Brooke stammered, bursting into tears.

Evy squeezed her hand, her eyes wandering back to Dean. He looked like she felt. After everything they had been through, she was embarrassed telling him about any of this but Brooke didn't care. Her insistence was as relentless as a Wisconsin winter. Evy watched Dean scan the document, praying he couldn't hear her heart racing like a team of wild horses.

Dean looked up, a heavy frown stealing his good looks. "Why?"

"Said we sold to the same minor on two separate days, which is complete bullshit," Ben said, sparking up a cigarette.

Brooke didn't protest.

"Who said that?"

Ben shrugged. "Some bald asshole in a suit."

Dean sharpened his gaze.

"I checked the video," Ben continued, exhaling a rolling cloud of smoke through the sunlit eatery. "Whoever their minor is, they never came in here."

"How can you be so sure?"

Ben tapped the paper with the two fingers clutching the cigarette, spilling ashes onto it. "Says right here they were in yesterday and two days before that." He nodded to a dome-shaped camera hanging from the ceiling. "I went through all the video. That minor never happened. Besides, we ID anyone who looks under thirty."

Brooke rested a wet hand on Dean's. "The majority of our income comes from liquor sales, and if we lose this license..." She trailed off and shook her head, squeezing more tears onto the table.

Dean exchanged a troubled glance with Evy and tried to keep his mind on the business at hand. His eyes skimmed the official document, moving back and forth across the page like a laser scanner. "Did they give you a warning after the first violation?"

"Alleged violation," Ben corrected him.

Brooke shook her head. "No warning. A man came in about an hour ago, handed us an envelope and took our license right off the wall."

Dean followed Brooke's gaze to a blank space near the cappuccino machine. "What the fuck?" he muttered softly.

"That's what I'm sayin!" Ben said, taking another long drag. He leaned forward, blowing smoke out his nostrils like a pissed off dragon. "Listen Dean, I know you and Evy have been through some weird shit recently but we really need your help on this. We're all fairly new to town and have no idea who to turn to."

Evy and Dean swapped a fleeting look. She wanted to keep eyeballing him but wouldn't afford herself the quiet pleasure. It would only make things worse. Regardless, she lost control and stole another glance, her heart beating like a bass drum. He was busy going over the notice again so she took the time to indulge, wanting to kiss his lips and hating herself for it. The last thing she needed right now was more drama.

There was a singe when Ben ashed into a plastic cup lined with water. "For whatever reason, the city council has it in for us and I want to know why."

Dean tried to swallow the lump in his throat but it wouldn't budge. He squinted at the signature at the bottom of the page and tried to act normal while his breath left him.

"What's wrong?" Ben asked, following Dean's flustered gaze to the piece of paper.

Dean looked back up, his face turning white as a ghost, dust particles floating in the beams of sunlight between them. "Let me make a call and get back to you tomorrow," he said, getting up and taking the document. "In the meantime, I need a dozen cupcakes."

Ben frowned at him for two or three seconds and then sprang to his feet. "I can't tell you how much this means to us, man," he said, dropping his smoke into the cup with a hiss. He scurried behind the counter and Dean followed, watching Ben fill a white pastry box. Evy tried not to stare at the way Dean's slacks hugged his curves but it was impossible not to. Just looking at him tightened a knot of need in her gut. She tore her eyes away, fighting the flush of heat between her legs.

Ben handed the pastry box to Dean and walked him to the front door, speaking softly along the way. "If we lose this shop it is game over, boss. We invested everything we had in this place and we have played it by the rules." He jerked his chin toward the paper in Dean's hand. "That is total bullshit."

Dean nodded and craned his neck to see around him, making Evy's stomach wrench. "We'll get this straightened out, trust me," he said, raising the box and trying to smile.

Brooke wiped her face. "Thank you, Dean."

Dean took Ben's outstretched hand and shook it before spilling back outside. Evy watched the door slowly shut behind him, twisting her fingers on the table. She could still smell his cologne blending with the cigarette smoke in the air. She wanted to run out onto the street and catch him before he got away.

"I just don't get it," Brooke moaned again. "This can't be happening."

Ben locked the front door and came back over. "He's going to fix everything up now, babycakes," he said softly, stroking Brooke's hair. "He's a smart guy."

Evy jumped to her feet and pushed past Ben.

"Hey!" he bellowed, falling into another table.

She slammed hard into the front door, forgetting to unlock it, cursed out loud and turned the deadbolt. She pulled the door back just enough to slip through and sprint out onto the sidewalk. She stopped, looked the way he had gone and inhaled a deep breath. "Dean!"

Dean stopped in his tracks a half a block down but didn't look back. They stood like they were made of stone, neither making a move. Evy stared at his back and opened her mouth to tell him to come back but nothing came out. He had clearly heard her. Slowly, Dean continued walking away without looking back. Evy shut her mouth, despair wringing the breath from her lungs. She clapped a hand over her heart as Dean turned a corner and disappeared into downtown Milwaukee.

Dean's car sat in the street, a parking ticket already under the wiper. He had been in such a hurry, plugging the meter had been the last thing on his mind. Grumbling, he snatched the ticket and crumpled it into his fist while opening the driver's side door. A black Cadillac Escalade with shiny rims and thin tires honked as it whizzed past. Dean flipped the driver off before climbing inside the Jeep. He slammed his car door shut extra hard and threw the balled up ticket onto the passenger side floor mat. Silence enveloped him as he set the pastry box on the seat next to him and tried collecting his thoughts.

He pulled the folded notice from an inside coat pocket and studied the signature at the bottom. Rage pumped through his veins and he swore out loud, hitting the steering wheel with a closed fist. He dug his cell from his slacks and pulled up Megan's number as traffic sped past. He glanced to the seat next to him, gazing through the pastry box's clear plastic top where a rainbow of frosting swirled about inside. His chest rose as he took a deep breath and hit the call button. Megan's phone began to ring, signaling his arteries to pump faster.

She answered with a sultry voice on the second ring. "Hey you."

Her excited tone sent a cold shiver running down his spine. "How'd it go at the doctor's?"

"It went good. Sibyl went with me and then we stopped at Saz's for lunch, which my stomach is protesting, but other than that everything is fine."

"That's great news," he said, fighting to control his ire. "So how did your dad react when you told him I had to be in court?"

She exhaled a long breath. "One thing you have to understand about my father is he always thinks the sky is falling, but once he found out Sybil was taking me he was fine."

Dean snorted into the phone as a UPS truck loudly motored past. "Listen, I just wanted to apologize and, if you're not busy, I'd like to swing by with some cupcakes for you and your family."

Megan paused. "That is so sweet, Dean, but you don't have to do that."

His eyes narrowed. "It'd be my pleasure."

"Well, I'd love to see you."

"Sounds good." His checked his watch and hesitated before speaking again. "Your dad home from work yet?" He couldn't tell if her delayed response was making him hot or the fact that the windows were up.

"He just got home a little while ago," she said slowly. "Why?"

"Just want to apologize and...say hello."

And odd laugh slithered from her lips. "Well, I'm sure he'll appreciate the gesture."

"I bet he will," Dean mumbled crossly.

"What's that?"

"I said, where do you live?"

***

Megan's house was a two story Colonial with white pillars flanking the arched front door. Brightly colored flowers bordered the winding front walkway, separating it from a meticulously trimmed yard. Despite the lack of rain over the last few weeks, the grass was plush and green and Dean could only imagine what their water bill looked like. With heavy legs, Dean stepped up onto the spacious front porch and looked back at his car parked in the street. He adjusted his sports jacket and reached for the doorbell, imagining an impressive response but hearing nothing when he pushed it.

He tried to smile, wondering if the doorbell even worked. Dean swatted at a lazy bumble bee patrolling the potted flowers dotting the porch. The way his luck was going he wouldn't be surprised if the thing stung him. Instead, it flew off and disappeared into a red fuchsia, hurriedly collecting its fill of nectar and pollen.

The door startled him when it opened. Megan greeted him with a warm smile and a big hug. "This is such a nice surprise," she whispered in his ear, pulling back and peering into his eyes. "Thank you for doing this." She caught him off guard with a quick peck on the lips that was too casual for comfort.

"You must be Dean!"

Dean's eyes darted over Megan's shoulder. A pleasantly plump woman stood in the doorframe with an affectionate smile stretching from ear to ear.

"I'm Nancy," she said, offering her hand.

He shook her warm hand and smiled. "Nice to meet you," he said, extending the pastry box. "These are for you."

Her face got round. "Oh, this one is a keeper, Megan!" she said with a laugh, examining the dazzling colors inside. "Thank you, Dean. Come on inside."

Megan took Dean's hand and led him into the house like they had been dating for years. The smell of new construction and seafood smacked him in the face as he stepped into a foyer with a large chandelier hanging from the vaulted ceiling above.

"Wow, you weren't kidding, Meg. He is a tall one!"

Dean blushed as Nancy looked him up and down.

"How tall are you, Dean?"

"Six-four."

"A looker, too," Nancy grinned, closing the door. "I hope you can stay for dinner. It's just about ready."

Dean smiled politely as she whisked the cupcakes into the kitchen and left him alone with Megan. His eyes climbed a grand staircase spiraling up to the second floor. "Nice place."

Megan tugged on his hand. "Come on," she said, towing him into an open kitchen with an angled breakfast bar. "You want a beer?"

"Sure."

"So what kind of law do you practice, Dean?" Nancy asked, saucing up a steaming casserole dish of jumbo shrimp and pasta with a garlic sauce that made his stomach queasy.

"Corporate," he replied, tilting from his heels to his toes. "Mostly limited liability."

"Ooh," Nancy cooed impressively, setting some dirty mixing bowls into a large sink, her short brunette curls bouncing with the motion. "That is wonderful."

"Here ya go," Megan said, handing him a cold bottle of Heineken and ushering him to a chair at the breakfast bar.

Dean sat down and took a long drink like he was dying of thirst, Evy's gaunt face flickering through his mind. Her green eyes had lost their sparkle and it pissed him off. He glanced into the large living room behind him where no one was watching a Brewers game on the giant flat screen.

"So are you from Milwaukee, Dean?"

He turned back to Nancy and forced a smile. "Born and raised."

"Whereabouts do your parents live?" she asked, spraying off the bowls in the sink.

"Not far from Bayshore mall."

"Glendale, huh? That's a fantastic area. I just love that outdoor mall!"

Megan's hand quietly slid across the breakfast bar and took his.

Nancy stopped spraying the dishes and wiped her hands on a dishtowel. "Well, it is so nice to finally meet you. I hope to meet your parents real soon as well."

Dean winced with her wish. She actually thought he was in this for the long haul and, in a weird way, he felt sorry for her. She seemed like a nice lady and he didn't look forward to disappointing her.

Nancy took a sip of white wine and swallowed. "Are they excited?" she asked, setting the glass down next to a six burner range.

His eyes thinned.

"About the baby?" she said, nodding to Megan.

Dean's face flushed. A bead of sweat trickled down his back and got lost in his button down. He licked his lips and opened his mouth to reply.

"There he is!"

Dean's pulse kicked into overdrive with the booming voice. He twisted in the chair, everything spinning in a blurry haze, and found Clay's million dollar smile hovering just behind him.

"Glad you stopped by, Dean," he said, slapping him on the back.

Dean got to his feet and glared at Clay for a few uneasy seconds. Clay's smile slowly faltered and Dean punched him in the jaw with a hard right hook. Clay's head jerked violently to the side. He staggered backwards, stunned by the blow.

Nancy screamed and dropped the casserole dish to the floor. It shattered into pieces, covering the custom tile work with tonight's dinner. Megan bolted from her chair as an olive colored wall with white trim broke Clay's fall. He shook his head and clutched his wounded jaw, gawking at Dean through dazed blue eyes that quickly turned cold as ice. "What the hell," he sneered, advancing on Dean with closed fists.

Dean cocked his fist and sprang forward just as Megan jumped in between them.

"Stop!" she shrieked, planting a hand into their chests and glaring up at Dean.

"What the hell's wrong with you?" Clay barked, wiping blood from the corner of his mouth.

"This is what's wrong with me!" Dean spit back, shoving the notice from Sugars in Clay's face.

"What is this all about?" Nancy asked, horrorstricken by the violent outburst in her own home.

Clay glanced at the document but didn't take it, so Megan snatched it instead, skimming it from top to bottom. She looked up at Dean, her brow creasing. "What is this?"

"That is the notice he gave my girlfriend's restaurant today, notifying them of the revocation of their liquor license!"

Nancy's face wrinkled. "Girlfriend?"

Megan turned to her father with an icy glare of her own. "Is this true?"

Clay ran a hand through his disheveled locks, exhaling a salty breath. "That's what happens when people serve minors in my district."

"They didn't serve any minors, you asshole!"

Nancy gasped.

Dean turned to Megan. "He had their license revoked because I didn't take you to the doctor this morning." He snatched the paper from her hands and waved it in Clay's crumpled face. "And for your information, Clay," he said, lowering his voice, "this will never stand up in a court of law because their security footage tells a completely different story than the dates on this notice."

Clay stood like a statue, droplets of blood dripping onto his orange Polo shirt.

Nancy covered her mouth with one hand. "Oh Clay, you didn't."

Megan looked up into her father's stormy eyes. "Is this true, Daddy?"

"No, it's not true! I thought you were his girlfriend."

Dean laughed and stuffed the paper into his coat pocket. "He's lying! He saw her picture in my office yesterday, even asked about her. He probably had me tailed to her apartment."

Nancy tried wiping the blood from Clay's chin with a dishtowel, but he pushed her away and spoke in a low growl. "That is not true."

"Isn't it?" Dean snapped, pushing past Megan and slamming Clay up against the wall. A picture of Megan and Nancy - all smiles in front of the Eiffel Tower - fell to the floor and splintered into pieces that mingled with the broken casserole dish. "You're such a liar! No wonder you're a politician." Megan tried wrestling him off her father but Dean pushed harder, pinning Clay to the wall. "I bet a lot of people would be interested in your tactics."

Clay stopped resisting and clenched his teeth together. "You are sorely mistaken and have no proof."

Megan finally shoved Dean back. "That is enough, Dean!"

"I should call the police right now!" Clay barked.

"Go ahead," Dean fired, spraying Clay's face with spittle. "I'm sure this will make for an interesting article when I convince people of the truth, which, by the way, is what I do for a living."

Clay honed his gaze, taking ragged breaths. "No one will believe you over me. You're nothing in this town."

"Clay!" Nancy shrieked with wide eyes.

The hint of a grin tugged at one corner of Dean's mouth. "We'll see about that, Mayor." He stormed out of the kitchen without looking back and burst through the front door. The fresh air felt good against his skin. Out of respect for Nancy, he resisted the urge to kick over a massive flower pot, brimming with purple azaleas.

Clay followed him outside. "Dean, I'm sorry!" he yelled from the porch.

Dean stopped at the bottom of the double-drive without turning around.

"Daddy, please!" Megan cried from the front door.

"Go back inside, Megan!" Clay ordered, turning back to Dean. "I swear to you, Dean, I had no idea it was your girlfriend's place. The police run these underage stings, not me. I just enforce the consequences."

Dean stared at his Jeep in the street, his muscles tightening with anger. Clay Crawford was lying and Dean knew it. He opened his mouth to tell him to go to hell but continued for his car instead.

"I can get it reversed!"

Dean stopped again, his pulse racing. Slowly, he turned to face Clay, beads of sweat rolling from his temples.

"Daddy!" Megan pleaded, her mother looking over her shoulder.

"Get back inside that goddamn house and shut the door!"

Megan slammed the front door loud enough for the entire neighborhood to hear. Clay returned his attention to Dean and sighed. "This isn't the kind of start I wanted, Dean, not with a baby coming."

Dean laughed in his face. "You mean the baby we don't even know is mine?" he shouted, pointing to the house where Megan and her mom were peeking out a living room window, their brows folded in horror.

Clay dropped his head and massaged his wounded jaw. He looked back up with glassy eyes. "Dean, I promise you, I had nothing to do with this, but I will take care of it first thing in the morning."

Dean studied him in silence. "If you don't, I'll be back for more."

Clay held his hands up. "I apologize for the confusion and hope you won't take this out on Megan. She has nothing to do with any of this and needs you by her side now more than ever."

Dean grunted and turned for his Jeep, grumbling under his breath.

Clay waited until Dean was down the street before digging his cell phone from a front pocket. He poked at the screen and put it to his ear, wiping blood from his chin while squinting down the street.

The ringing stopped when someone answered, but no one said hello.

Clay inhaled a deep breath of the evening's warm air, gently grinding his teeth. "We need to talk."

"Well, I hope you feel better."

"Thanks, Gina. I'll see you tomorrow morning," Dean said, hanging up without saying goodbye. He dropped his thick head into the pillow and stared at the blurry ceiling fan above. Most of the night had passed this way, with sleep eluding him like an escaped fugitive. Even the ceiling fan's dull hum was powerless to help him. He glanced at the alarm clock on the nightstand and let out an aggravated breath. In three minutes it would be eight in the morning and he wasn't sure if he had fallen asleep for even an hour during the night.

He rubbed his puffy eyes and yawned, entertaining the notion of calling Evy and coming clean about Clay. It might ease her mind knowing Sugars could be getting their license back, but Clay's word was sketchy at best. Probably wise not to get her hopes up. Not yet. He rolled over onto his side, tucking an arm beneath his pillow, and stared at a tall dresser in the early morning light. Despite the exhaustion sapping his strength, his mind refused to shut down, conjuring up twisted scenarios yet to come. Nightmares besieged him whether he slept or not. One moment, back together with Evy - their love stronger than ever after surviving such a harrowing ordeal, the next she was screaming at him for ruining her life.

His only option now was to wait and see which would happen. He shut his eyes and smiled when he thought of punching Clay in the face, a lonely highlight amidst a sea of desolation. Dean wondered what Evy was doing at this precise moment - probably serving up homemade cinnamon rolls and apple fritters to an impatient breakfast crowd. He missed her smile and laugh the most. He yawned again and saw them in Chicago, strolling shops on Michigan Avenue two weekends ago. They walked hand in hand, the wind blowing so hard it was like scaling a mountain. He could still see the look on her face when her summer dress fluttered up high enough to show off her cream colored panties. A group of high school girls had laughed and Evy marched Dean straight into an HandM to buy her some new jeans and a top while he begged her for just one more panty-shot. It had been a great weekend and before he knew it, sleep pulled him to a dark place that would leave him feeling tired and cranky the rest of the day.

***

Evy dropped a pan of cupcakes onto the silver workspace with a loud clatter, stripped the oven mitts from her hands and slammed them down. Brooke glanced over but Evy ignored her while loading a frosting gun with cherry frosting.

"I don't get why we're even doing this," she grumbled, having trouble locking the plunger into place.

Brooke stopped a spatula from layering a thick coat of chocolate frosting over what was to become a three layered cake. "You didn't have to come in this morning."

"What was I suppose to do? Stare at the ceiling some more?"

Brooke struggled to keep a civil tongue, her eyes just as red around the edges as her sister's. "Well, we have to sell something, Evy. We can't just give up and quit."

Evy pinched her eyes together. "Stop talking to me like you're mom. For the record, I'm five years older than you are and I know we can't just give up," she replied, her eyes betraying her, because deep down, that's just what she wanted to do. Give up. Move back to Des Moines and start all over again, far away from this strife and grief.

She clicked a long tip on the end of the barrel and wrapped a finger around the trigger. "This is so embarrassing. What're we supposed to tell people when they order a glass of wine with their vanilla bean cheesecake? So sorry, but we're not responsible enough to sell alcohol anymore." She pulled the trigger instead of squeezing it, blasting a chocolate cupcake with too much frosting. Evy swore and threw the cupcake into the reject tub for Ben to eat later on. "This is pointless!"

"You think I'm not scared, Evy?" Brooke cried, slamming the spatula down and bursting into tears. "We used Ben's money to open this place! How do you think I feel about the idea of him losing everything because of me?"

Evy closed her eyes and groaned, not believing things could possibly get worse. She lowered the gun along with her voice. "It's not because of you."

Brooke buried her face in her hands. Tears slipped between her fingers and fell to the shiny floor.

Evy rushed over and wrapped her in a tight hug. "I'm sorry," she whispered. "I didn't mean to take it out on you."

Ben waltzed through the swinging door and stopped, staring at them with his mouth agape. "Awe hell, looks like I'm just in time for a little girl on girl!"

They turned to him, venomous scowls stretching their features.

His smile faded. He thumbed toward the door behind him. "I'll be helping customers if anyone needs me."

Brooke watched him go, biting back a smile. "He's such an ass," she sniffled.

Evy wiped tears from her sister's face. "At least he didn't knock some strange girl up," she muttered.

"Evy, this isn't Dean's fault. None of it is. In fact, last I checked, he's the only one trying to help us."

Evy groaned again and gravitated back to the pan of cupcakes, sheepishly hanging her head. "I know it's not his fault."

"Then why don't you talk to him?"

"I tried last night. Remember?"

Brooke wiped her nose with a shoulder. "Well, try again."

Evy sank onto a stool and hid her eyes with a hand. "How did everything go so wrong?"

"I don't know, honey, but there's no need to make it worse." Brooke tipped her head down and peered at Evy through the top of her eyes. "Stop being such a sissy and call him already."

Evy glanced at the cell phone resting on the table, her insides twisting uncomfortably.

***

Dean ran as fast as he could from something so unspeakable he dared not look back when his phone began to ring. He searched himself without slowing. His empty pockets inflated his panic and he tripped over something and tumbled to the ground with a grunt bursting from his lips. His eyelids snapped back to find the sunlight driving the morning's shadows into the far corners of the room. A long yawn eased from his mouth as he rubbed his eyes, trying to recall what had been chasing him in his dream. Within seconds, the vision dissolved into nothingness, bringing his ugly reality crashing back down with a thunderous force. Evy was still gone.

His cell phone rang, jolting him from his thoughts. He reached over and fumbled it from the nightstand, staring at the screen through sleepy eyes.

"Hey Shaun, what's up?" he said, trying not to sound sleepy.

Heavy breathing hissed through the line. "Were you sleeping?"

"No. What's going on?"

"I've got a major problem."

Dean closed his eyes and fought off another yawn. "Join the club."

"I'm serious. I was just served with a sexual misconduct charge, courtesy of a new patient."

Dean sat bolt upright in bed, the covers sliding down his sculpted chest like snowpack on a warm car windshield. "What?" he said faintly, the cell phone amplifying his ragged breathing.

A paper rustled in the background. "A patient I saw yesterday morning for the first time by the name of...Julie Donovan."

Dean threw back the covers and got to his feet. "Not that new girl you were talking about?"

"That's the one but I can assure you that nothing happened. You know I'm all talk, Dean. I don't leave the house."

"I know, but..."

"She only wanted a cleaning, no anesthesia or gas or anything."

The living room shook as Dean traipsed through it in his underwear like a drunken hobo, his hair sticking up in all directions. In the kitchen, he grabbed a cold bottle of water from the fridge. "Who signed it?"

Shaun didn't reply.

"The paperwork they gave you, who signed it at the bottom?"

The paper ruffled again. "Some state health official by the name of Aaron Brewster. Why?"

Dean tipped the water back and drained half the bottle, extinguishing the fire in his throat. He swallowed, struggling for breath. "Sugars had their liquor license yanked yesterday afternoon."

There was a slight pause. "Seriously?"

"The notice was signed by Megan's dad - Clay Crawford, the alderman guy."

"Oh shit," Shaun said slowly. "You don't think..."

"That's exactly what I think." Dean slammed the fridge shut with his foot. "This prick is stepping on my neck until I get with the program."

"What program?"

"The program with his pregnant daughter."

"Oh, hell no!"

Dean inhaled a long breath and held it. "I confronted him about Sugars last night at his house."

"What!"

"He insisted he had nothing to do with it but I know better, especially now. I'm tellin you it's him."

"But what'd you say to him last night?"

Dean stopped in the living room, his heart pounding. "I might have punched him right in the face."

Shaun went silent.

"It was an accident, and I didn't know he'd go after you next. I didn't know he knew about Sugars, let alone you."

"You're being tailed."

Dean's chest inflated. He glanced out the patio door to the parking lot.

"They're probably listening right now."

Dean squeezed his eyes into slits, watching a black SUV pull in and park. "I doubt it."

"Your phone is bugged."

"My phone is not bugged."

"Mine probably is, too."

"This isn't Person of Interest."

"Then how'd he know about me and Evy?"

"I don't know."

"Dean, I don't need to tell you I could lose my practice over something like this, if I haven't already. This is the kind of thing that could end up making it difficult to land a job at Target during the holidays."

A lady wearing black slacks and a cream colored top climbed out of the SUV in high heels and unfastened a little girl from a car seat in the back. Dean exhaled a weary breath. "Let me call you back."

"Wait..."

He ended the call and stared at the picture of him and Evy at the ballpark, his thoughts nose-diving to the ground, the Earth rushing up at him in a furious hurry. Suddenly, winning Evy back was just one of his insurmountable hurdles. He needed to talk to her and kicked himself for not taking the opportunity last night. He closed his eyes, shutting everything out. There was no point in dragging her in any deeper and he knew it. Because of him her business was in jeopardy, and now so was Shaun's.

His phone rang in his hand, startling him. His breath hitched when he saw the name on the bright screen. He took a deep breath and slapped his face, trying to clear the foggy mixture of sleep and anger from his head. "Hey you," he answered warmly.

"Hey yourself," Evy replied.

He licked his lips, nearly smelling her perfume over the phone. "How are you?'

"I've been better."

He snorted into the phone. "Yeah, me too."

"Listen, Dean, I just wanted to apologize for...shutting you out over this whole Megan thing."

"You don't have to apologize, Evy, believe me if anyone should be..."

"Please, let me finish?"

He swallowed his words and sucked in another deep breath to calm his racing pulse.

"I had no right to do that. This isn't your fault," her voice cracked.

Her words melted his heart. "I don't care about what happened in the past, all I care about is what will happen in the future."

She paused just long enough to make his world sputter. "I agree."

"And without you...there is no future."

There was a light sob. "You don't know how glad I am to hear you say that."

Relief flooded his system. "I need to see you before I go crazy."

"When?"

"Now."

Another sniffle."Okay."

"Where are you?"

"At Sugars."

His eyebrows drew together as Clay's words flittered through his mind. "Did the city rescind Sugars' notice yet?"

Silence briefly took the line. "No, why? Did you talk to someone?" she asked, her tone light and hopeful.

He cringed and checked his watch. There was still time. "I did, but..."

"Who?"

"An alderman, but I don't know how much pull he's going to have. He said he might deal with it today."

There was another pause as his words sank in.

"Dean?"

His blood pounded thickly in his temples. "Yeah?"

"Hurry, okay?"

He bit his lower lip. "Let me grab a quick shower and I'll be right there."

"Aren't you at work?"

"Took the day off."

"Oh," she replied faintly, her voice just above a whisper. "See you soon?"

Someone knocked loudly on his front door. His head snapped around to it. "Very soon."

Dean hung up and crept to the door, looked out the peephole with one eye closed. His heart rate shot up. Clay stood there looking back, a smirk covering his face like he could see Dean in his underwear. He tiptoed back into the bedroom and traded out his cell phone for a pair of gym shorts lying on a chair.

Another persistent knock made him forget about grabbing a shirt. He threw the shorts on and tromped across the living room in his bare feet, dying to know what this was all about. He yanked the door back and his adrenaline spiked when an elderly man in a black suit stepped out from around the corner.

Clay lifted his brow. "Hello, Dean."

"Who's this?" Dean nodded to the bald man wearing dark framed glasses.

Clay adjusted his necktie and grinned. "Sorry to drop in on you like this. Do you have a moment?" he smiled, ignoring the question and clasping his hands in front of his pinstriped suit.

Dean blinked, his mind whirling to explain the unexpected visit. He turned for his bedroom and left the door open to go throw on a t-shirt and pair of sneakers while Clay and the other man let themselves in.

"Nice place," Clay said, surveying the condo while his friend shut and locked the door.

Dean came back into the living room and jerked his chin to the other man. "This your lawyer?"

Clay exchanged glances with the man and chuckled. "This is Mr. Ryder. He's an...associate of mine who hopes to help us come to some sort of an agreement."

Dean ran a hand through his hair, attempting to smooth his nappy bed head. "Agreement?"

Clay gestured to the couch. "Do you mind?"

Dean shrugged his shoulders and watched Clay unbutton his coat and take a seat. Mr. Ryder remained standing, his hands folded in front of him like he was Secret Service, annoying Dean with his mechanical presence. "Can I get you something to drink?" he asked Mr. Ryder. "Maybe some prune juice or Metamucil?"

Mr. Ryder stared blankly at him through dead eyes, lacking humor as much as he did color.

Dean snorted and turned back to Clay, honing his gaze to a razor's edge. "What do you know about Shaun Morris?"

Clay stretched an arm out along the back of the couch and crossed his legs like a girl. "I know he's going to have to take up a new line of work." He winked at Mr. Ryder, a sinister grin sliding across his smoothly shaven face.

Angry butterflies exploded in Dean's gut, turning his insides to mush. He clenched his teeth and curled his hands into fists. "What did you do?" he whispered.

Clay raised his eyebrows into the middle of his forehead. "What I had to do to protect my family, Dean."

Mr. Ryder watched Dean like a hawk. Dean wasn't even sure the old fart was breathing.

"You sonofabitch," Dean hissed, taking a step toward Clay.

Mr. Ryder responded, stepping forward and positioning himself between Dean and Clay.

"Careful Dean, you don't want to antagonize Mr. Ryder here," Clay said smugly, lifting his chin. "He can tend to get a bit melodramatic."

Dean glared at Mr. Ryder, who stared back with indifferent eyes. Dean couldn't stop a chuckle. "Maybe some Activia would help."

Clay tossed his head back and howled with laughter. "You're a funny guy, Dean."

Mr. Ryder, however, didn't crack a smile.

"What's this all about?" Dean asked, tightening his fists and making a vein bulge out along his biceps.

Clay's amusement sobered. His cold eyes tightened and he spoke gravely. "I want you to start being a man and live up to your responsibilities, like we talked about in your office."

Dean tilted his head to one side.

"You got my daughter pregnant and now it's time to play ball or I will crush you and everyone you know into tiny little pieces."

Dean tried hiding the incredulous look warping his face and lost the battle. "Why are you doing this?" he whispered.

"Because I'm running for mayor, and then I'll run for congress, and you are not going to fuck that up for me! I cannot have a pregnant, unmarried daughter on my hands. No, let me rephrase that...I won't have a pregnant, unmarried daughter on my hands. It would kill me in the polls and I'll be damned if I'll let some horny pretty boy think he can screw my daughter and walk away scot-free when the shit hits the fan!"

Dean's chest quivered beneath his red t-shirt. Sweat formed on his upper lip during a dumbfounded silence as a new realization settled in like a cold winter's night.

Clay leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees. "I'm going to be frank with you, Dean."

"Oh, please do."

"This is what's going to happen. You are going to man up and marry my daughter or I will ruin everyone you know, including your little law firm."

Dean laughed sharply. "You overestimate your power, Alderman!"

Clay feigned a hurtful look. "Do I? Perhaps you should seek a second opinion on that. Maybe Evy or Shaun would have a different outlook."

"You leave them out of this!"

Mr. Ryder shifted in his stance, not taking his dead eyes off of Dean.

"Little late for that, Deano," Clay chuckled, leaning back into the couch and crossing his legs again. "Now, if you do the right thing, and make an honest woman out of Megan, I will reinstate Sugars' liquor license and I won't go after Shaun's wife next."

Dean gasped out loud, his world falling apart at the seams.

An innocent frown shaped Clay's lips. "Be a shame if they lost their jobs at the same time, especially with such a nice family and house to look after."

Dean's breath came in short spurts that didn't make a dent. "You wouldn't."

"Not if you play ball."

"What about Shaun?"

Clay picked a piece of lint from his slacks and let it lazily float to the floor. "I'm afraid it's too late for your friend. What's done is done, there's no going back once a sexual misconduct charge is filed. However, I will get the charge dropped but I'm afraid it'll still make the news." An ominous grin unfolded across his face. "He'll be lucky to be working at Burger King next quarter."

It felt like steam was jutting from Dean's ears. "You fucker!" he yelled, rushing Clay.

Mr. Ryder knocked him off his feet in midstride, sending him crashing into the patio door. Dean crumbled to the floor and turned to the old man, stunned by his quickness. Dean got to his feet, weighing his options as Mr. Ryder calmly clasped his hands in front of him again, clearly ready for more.

Clay flashed a cocky grin. "Pretty strong for an old timer, huh?"

Dean glared at Mr. Ryder through wild eyes. "Not bad," he said, charging the old man with a determined battle cry.

Mr. Ryder deflected Dean's advance and spun him to the ground, twisting an arm behind his back until it nearly snapped off. Dean cried out in pain as Mr. Ryder sinuously planted a knee in the back of his neck like a cop. He pulled a switchblade from a coat pocket and hit a button on the side. The cold blade flung open and dug into Dean's cheek, Mr. Ryder's sour breath washing over him in warm waves.

"Easy Ryder," Clay warned. "Megan will have a shit-fit if that pretty face gets messed up."

Ryder hesitated and clicked the blade back inside the knife, got off Dean and automatically resumed his concrete stance. Dean scrambled to his feet, favoring his arm and hitting the old man with a chilly glare.

Clay tossed Dean a small black box, which Dean bobbled before catching. "I figured you might not have time for shopping so I took the liberty for you."

Dean studied the tiny box in his hand, his chest rising and falling.

"I also made a reservation for you at the Lake Park Bistro for eight o'clock tonight, where you will drop onto one knee in front of the entire restaurant and ask for my daughter's hand in marriage."

Dean's wide eyes jerked back to Clay.

Clay got to his feet and straightened his coat. "And if you don't," he said, smiling at Mr. Ryder, "well, I think we've made ourselves clear."

"You can't be serious," Dean said faintly.

Clay's eyebrows dipped together. "I think you already know the answer to that." He pulled an envelope from an inside pocket and handed it to Dean. "And since we don't have time to plan a big fancy wedding, nor do we want to draw any more attention to this matter than necessary, here are two tickets to Hawaii where you two crazy lovebirds will elope and spend the next week having fun in the sun. Your flight leaves at ten o'clock tomorrow morning."

Dean stood speechless, his ears ringing in the unsettling silence between them.

"Mr. Ryder will be watching, so don't be late."

Dean shuddered at the thought. "You're fuckin crazy," he muttered.

Clay laughed. "You have to be to run for office these days, Dean!"

"I can't just take off from work with no notice!"

Clay's smile slid down his face, leaving a bitter expression in its wake. "You'll be taking off a lot more than a week if you don't." He paused to button his coat. "Did you know that negligence shutters one in twenty law firms in the United States each year?"

Dean's incredulous gaze narrowed, blood rushing through his veins.

Clay snorted. "It's a damn shame, too, but what're you going to do? Everyone is sue happy these days." He flashed his million dollar smile, his white teeth twinkling in the sunlight streaming through the windows, and turned for the front door. Mr. Ryder maintained his post while Clay grabbed the doorknob.

"Oh and one more thing," Clay said, turning back around.

Dean's eyebrows furrowed. He could only imagine what would come out of Clay's mouth next. He was so focused on Clay he never saw Mr. Ryder strike him in the gut, driving the air from his lungs and dropping him to his knees. The black box and envelope tumbled with him to the floor as he gasped for air that wouldn't come.

"That's for assaulting me in my own home in front of my family," Clay said calmly, watching Dean writhe in pain on the floor with great satisfaction as he cinched his silken tie. "Look at me when I'm talking to you!"

Mr. Ryder grabbed a fistful of Dean's hair and yanked his face upward.

Clay towered over Dean like a giant. "You fail to meet any part of our agreement, or tell a living soul about any of this, and I'll let Mr. Ryder here off his leash."

Ryder broke protocol and cracked an evil grin before dropping Dean's head back to the carpet.

Clay jerked his chin to the bedroom. "Check his phone."

Mr. Ryder waltzed into the bedroom and snatched the phone from the chair, flipping through screens like it was his own. He looked up and shook his head. "It's clean."

Clay turned to Dean with a smirk. "Hate to find out you were recording any of this." He checked his silver Rolex and went to the front door. "Call Megan and tell her you will pick her up at seven-thirty," he said with a casual tone, pulling the door open. "Oh, and whatever you do," he said, turning back with a polite smile, "you two kids have fun now. Ya hear?"

Mr. Ryder coolly adjusted his black tie and followed Clay out into the hallway, disappearing around the corner without shutting the door. Small sips of air scratched their way down Dean's throat, into his lungs. He crawled to the open door and was about to shut it when the old lady from upstairs passed by with mail in her hands. She stopped dead in her tracks, her eyes widening in dismay. Dean slammed the door shut in her contorted face and leaned against it with his legs stretched out before him, fighting to catch his breath. His mind raced like the wind, trying to hang onto anything remotely close to sanity and coming up way short.

He forced himself to his feet. His gut wrenched with the movement, his lungs burning from the vicious blow. He bent over, grimacing with the pain, and picked up the black box. There was a light click when he cracked it open. The sparkling diamond nestled inside was staggering. Dean squinted with the sunlight reflecting off its polished cuts and snapped the box shut. The envelope held two airline tickets and seeing his and Megan's names in print made his gut hurt worse than moving. He looked up and stared through the patio door, imagining Megan lying next to him on a white sandy beach, her impressive ring twinkling in the sunshine as waves crashed around them. Evy's face whisked through his foggy mind, leaving entrails of smoke spiraling behind. He swallowed thickly. It should have been them.

Evy stared into the oval mirror above the sink, barely recognizing the person looking back. Shadows rimmed her sunken eyes. Colorless lips melted into her pasty complexion. The flickering light overhead didn't help. They may need the milk man's help after all.

She pulled her hair from its ponytail and shook it loose. The matted locks fell over her shoulders and smelled like dough. A defeated sigh escaped her and she wondered how much time she had to perform a miracle before Dean would arrive. Not enough she decided, using both hands to resuscitate her limp hair.

She fumbled through her purse on the counter, cursing herself for not having hairspray on hand. Makeup, eyeliner and lip-gloss would have to do. She brushed and stroked on automatic pilot, her heart racing nearly as fast as her mind. They had already wasted too much time and she couldn't decide if she should hug Dean first or plant a big wet kiss on his lips. Maybe both in the name of efficiency. She smacked her lips together and studied her work. Her shoulders slumped as another deflated breath left her lungs. She shook her head in frustration, trying to recall the saying about putting lipstick on a pig.

Brooke burst into the bathroom and Evy jumped. "There you are!" Brooke's eyes widened as she examined her sister in the mirror. "Well, look at you!"

Evy blushed, sending some much needed color to her cheeks as she scooped everything back into her purse.

Brooke folded her arms across her apron. "You called him didn't you?"

Evy glanced at Brooke in the mirror, a bashful smile playing on her lips.

"Isn't your little sister always right?"

A short laugh fluttered Evy's shiny lips. "I don't know about that."

"Are you meeting him right now?"

"He's on his way."

Brooke took her hand and squeezed. "You really love him, don't you?"

Evy responded with a tight-lipped nod and changed the subject. "He said he talked to someone on the city council for us."

Brooke inhaled sharply, covering her gaping mouth a fist.

"Now, there are no guarantees but it's something."

Brooke threw her arms around Evy and drove her into a white hand dryer, wrenching the air from her lungs. "I knew this would work out. I just knew it!"

Evy hugged her back, trying not to smudge her makeup. They pulled apart and stared into each others' watery eyes.

"We're going to get this liquor license back and you and Dean are going to live happily ever after. Trust me, I just have a feeling."

A reserved smile took Evy's lips by surprise. "I hope so."

"It will happen; you just have to stay positive."

They stared at each other for a moment longer, a silent understanding passing between them.

"Okay, well I have to use the restroom."

Evy frowned.

"A little privacy?"

Evy laughed and slung her purse over her shoulder and slipped out the door. She stopped in the middle of the empty tables dotting the front of Sugars and inhaled the cinnamon and chocolate floating from the kitchen. She couldn't remember the place ever smelling so good. An hour ago the sight of the trendy room had filled her with nothing but angst, the thought of losing it all weighing heavily upon her. Now, it had a glow of hope rather than doom.

"You okay?"

Evy turned to Ben, who was standing behind the counter with a tray of blueberry scones in his hands and a towel draped over his shoulder. His look of concern warmed her heart. Her parents hadn't been big fans of Ben's tattoos and earrings but it hadn't taken him long to win them over. He was perfect for Brooke. They fit together like two sprockets in a well oiled clock, specially designed for one another. A thoughtful sigh left her lips. Deep down, she knew Brooke was right. Richie had just been practice to make her stronger and Dean her reward for keeping the faith. They were meant to be together, like two sprockets in a well oiled clock.

"Evy?"

She blinked back to reality and smiled at Ben, sashaying behind the counter and kissing him on the cheek before disappearing into the kitchen. He watched the half door swing shut behind her with his mouth gaping. "Women," he muttered, sliding the yellow tray into the bowed glass case.

"I heard that!" Evy bellowed from the kitchen.

***

Dean stared at his smartphone and pulled his shirt up over his nose, the smell of Clay's cologne hanging in the air, eating away at his insides like tear gas. His thumb hovered above Evy's name and he shut his eyes as a grimace rolled through him. She had moved here to start a new life and he had nearly destroyed it. He searched for the right words to ease her descent, knowing it was futile. He was used to fighting tooth and nail for what he wanted but would only end up hurting her more. There was no telling how far Clay would go to get what he wanted. The man obviously had deep pockets and shady connections that surprised even Dean, but he owed Evy some kind of an explanation. Maybe blowing her off would be explanation enough. Maybe the best way to push her away was to make her hate him.

He shuddered at the thought and poked at the cell's screen, lifting it to his ear like it weighed a hundred pounds. Each ring watered his sorrow. He sat on the floor and leaned against the couch, wondering if this was how a junkie felt on step five or six. The sound of Megan's excited voice made him recoil. Her happy tone wasn't fair. He had reserved that tone for Evy but, somehow, the reservations had gotten mixed up.

He could feel words tumbling from his mouth but couldn't hear them, like he was talking under water. A blank expression coated his unshaven face as Megan said something about something.

"What's that?"

"I said, are you all right?"

He told her he was and let the muddled words ooze from his lips, intent on keeping the conversation as short as possible. She squealed with delight at his invitation to dinner, sticking a steel knife in his windpipe, and then went on and on about something that had happened to her earlier in the day. He cut her off and told her he would see her at seven-thirty and hung up before she did.

A pent-up breath hissed from his lips. He set the phone next to him on the carpet, a myriad of painful emotions taking turns jabbing him with sharp sticks. He shut his eyes and rubbed them until he saw stars, determined to find a way out of this living hell. He felt like a coward for letting Clay and some bald geezer intimidate him like this. He should be blowing Megan off, not the woman he loved. He shook his head, going back and forth on it. In reality, what choice did he have? Clay had made his point with Shaun. The only escape route led to the closure of Sugars, quickly followed by the law firm where Dean was now finally partner. And where would it end? Carrie's job? Jon's? Their family and friends? The stakes were too high. He shook his head, wondering if his condo was bugged.

***

Evy checked the large faced watch strapped to her slender wrist and exhaled a weary breath. Brooke and Ben swapped glances.

"Well," Evy sighed, slinging her purse over her shoulder and getting up from the stool in the kitchen. "I guess he's not coming."

"That asshole!" Ben brought his fist down onto the metal table like a hammer.

"Ben," Brooke calmly admonished.

He pressed his lips together until they turned white, forcing his next bout of harsh words back down his esophagus.

"Are you sure you don't want to call him?"

Evy shook her head vehemently. "I can take a hint."

Brooke stared at Evy through eyes brimming with wet pity. "Maybe he was in an accident."

"Maybe I was right all along and he's just another douchebag player."

Ben withdrew a cigarette with trembling fingers. "I see that dude again and I'm going to bust him right in the mouth."

Brooke pursed her lips. "No you're not. Go outside and smoke your cigarette and let the grownups talk."

"Don't talk to me like that!"

Brooke honed her gaze and Ben grudgingly turned for the back door, forcefully pushing it open with both hands.

"You okay if I take off?"

Brooke glanced up front to the handful of customers and sighed. A restaurant without booze in Milwaukee was like New Orleans without shrimp gumbo. "We'll be fine. Go home and get some rest. Watch a good movie and take your mind off of things for awhile. Everything will look better in the morning, I promise."

Evy bit her bottom lip to stop it from quivering. "I just don't get it," she murmured, staring blankly at a convection oven against the wall. "I thought..."

Brooke placed her hands over Evy's. "I know, sweetie. I did, too."

"I just hope this doesn't mean he's flaking out with the city council."

"I'm sure he would never do that."

"Are you?"

Brooke swallowed hard without answering.

Evy pulled away, ready to put Dean in the rearview mirror no matter how much her gut moaned with want. She refused to let another man knock her down again, regardless of how good looking and charming he may be. She had read him all wrong and couldn't believe it. The passion between them had been so hot, so real. It made no sense. She shook her head, clearing out the cobwebs of bewilderment. "Okay," she sniffled, heading for the front. "I'll see you tomorrow."

Brooke watched her sister tiredly push through the swinging door and fade from view.

***

Dean tightened his necktie in the mirror, hating himself for what he was about to do. It was suicide. He checked his phone again and puckered his brow, knowing how pissed Evy must be at him. She hadn't called one time to see where he was at. Not even a quick text. Her silence spoke volumes. The time stamp on the cell made his stomach queasy. In twenty minutes he would be at Megan's house and the thought of seeing Clay again made him sick. It would take a great deal of restraint to not punch him in the face again.

Dean quit fiddling with the crimson colored tie and leaned on the sink, dropping his head between his shoulders, unable to stomach his reflection any longer. He didn't recognize the man looking back. He had the same sharp nose and cheekbones but it wasn't him. Dean grabbed the beer on the sink and took a long swill, draining the bottle. The glass clanked loudly back to the granite countertop and he shut off the light before he could catch another glimpse of the coward in the mirror.

The black box on his bed laughed at him, chastising him for falling into this foolish trap like some careless teenager. He pulled a folded note from his pocket and read it again. The urge for another round of edits called to him like a lighthouse on a stormy night but he was out of time. It would have to do. He folded it back up and stuffed it and the black box into separate pockets, refusing to let them touch under any circumstance. He grabbed his keys and left without locking the door, trying to talk himself out of the whole thing.

Dean stepped on the gas, putting as much distance between him and Megan's house as quickly as possible. He wiped lipstick from his lips and loosened his tie, cringing at how happy she had been tonight and hating her for it. In the end, all he could do was quietly exist in Megan's glow. That, and order another stiff drink. Her audible gasp at the sight of the diamond ring haunted his thoughts. It was official: he was now engaged and wanted to die.

He checked the rearview mirror again, trying to pick out the headlights that belonged to Mr. Ryder, knowing he was back there. The night's drinks, however, blurred the lights into burning orbs so he returned his attention to the road and slammed on the brakes, screeching to a stop less than two feet from a new Camaro. He breathed a sigh of relief and glanced at the dashboard clock. The glowing green numbers informed him it was way too late to stop by Shaun's house.

"Fuck it," he said, taking a right when he should have gone left.

He needed someone to talk to, even if that someone was the guy whose career he had just single handedly ruined. Maybe Shaun would take a swing at him and maybe he had it coming. If Shaun wouldn't, Carrie probably would. The thought of Megan being the only person left on the planet who would still talk to him scared him to death. He hadn't felt this alone since his parents' accident. His glassy eyes checked the mirror again. If he went anywhere near Evy's apartment Ryder would know, and it would be game over for everyone. The handwritten note burned a hole in his pocket. He doubted Shaun was up for doing a favor but he had to try. She deserved to at least know the truth.

***

Shaun's house was as dark as the feeling in the pit of Dean's stomach. He parked behind Jon's Honda Accord in the street and shut his car off. Absolute silence washed over him. He reached for the door handle and noticed a pair of headlights blink out in his side mirror. Dean's heart jumped. He climbed out, glancing at the silhouette of what looked like a Ford Taurus parked a block and a half down the street. A black shadow sat behind the wheel like it was death itself. The sweat glistening across Dean's forehead had nothing to do with the humidity lacing the night. He stumbled up the driveway, careful not to brush against Shaun's blade silver Corvette. The side gate in the privacy fence gently clicked open. He stepped through and carefully shut it, not wanting to wake Carrie or the kids.

Ghastly thoughts assaulted him as he stumbled along the side of the house. He wasn't sure which he found harder to believe: somebody was tailing him or that he was now engaged. Shaun and Jon whipped their heads around when Dean rounded the corner like he was a serial killer. Tiki torches cast jumping shadows across their bewildered faces, enriching the night with the potent scent of citronella. Recessed lighting lit up the swimming pool behind them, casting an eerie glow around the yard. Dean stopped in front of the patio table with his hands in his pockets as they quietly took each other in.

"What the hell?" Shaun murmured, setting his beer down and sitting up straighter.

Jon crushed a cigarette into an ashtray overflowing with shriveled butts. "What're you doing here so late? Don't you have to work in the morning?"

Dean quietly pulled back a chair and dropped into it with an exasperated sigh. He ran a hand through his hair, not sure where to even begin. Shaun got up and went inside and Dean didn't know if he would be back or not. It seemed like just yesterday it was Mindy's birthday but so much had happened in such a short amount of time and, deep down, he knew things would never be the same.

Jon furrowed his brow. "Are you okay?"

Dean laughed like people do when they haven't slept. "No, I'm not."

Shaun came back outside and traded a look with Jon as he passed out bottles of beer with his smiling face plastered to their sides. "You really know how to pick em, man."

"Look, Shaun, I'm sorry about..."

Shaun raised a hand. "Shit happens. No one could've seen any of this coming and whatever happens was meant to be."

Dean stared at him, astounded by Shaun's generous way of looking at things.

Shaun sat back down. "So what's up, man? You look like you just came from a wedding."

"More like a funeral," Dean grumbled, popping the top and spending the next twenty-five minutes filling in the blanks. Shaun and Jon listened without interrupting, their eyes narrowing in disbelief as he spilled his twisted guts. When he finished, they just sat there staring at him with their jaws dangling in the air. Crickets chirped in the bushes around them, picking up the stunned slack in conversation as the stars sparkled in the heavens above, indifferent to any of their troubles. A firefly flickered between them, leaving a neon tracer in its wake.

Jon arched a quizzical eyebrow. "Since when do aldermen have creepy dudes like that on the payroll?"

Dean shook his head. "But you should see this Clay guy's house. I don't know what an alderman makes but it can't be enough to cover a spread like that."

"Mafia."

Dean and Jon turned to Shaun with matching puzzled looks.

Shaun looked around like maybe Ryder was peeking over the fence right now, watching their every move. Shaun leaned forward and lowered his voice. "Wouldn't surprise me. Aldermen have a lot of say over city contracts, from construction bids and building permits to city garbage collections. Your Mr. Ryder sounds like a Chicago wash-up. He's probably been in the biz for decades."

Jon leaned back in the padded chair and gestured with his bottle. "He makes a good point, yo."

"So are you really going to go to Hawaii tomorrow and marry this nutbag?"

Dean examined Shaun in the flickering light. "What choice do I have?"

"You don't" Jon said bluntly, exhaling a cloud of smoke. "But that's not to say you can't get out of it later on. You just need a solid plan."

Shaun jerked his head around like he had just heard something. Jon followed his nervous gaze around the fenced in yard, his Adam's apple bobbing in his throat.

Shaun took a slow drink and swallowed. "I still can't believe they fucked me like that." He stared forlornly at the illuminated pool, its water as smooth as glass. "I'm going to lose my house."

"Do you have a nest egg?" Dean asked.

"A small one I was hoping to possibly open my own brewery with someday, but it won't take long to burn through that, not with this mortgage."

Dean surveyed the modest sized ranch house with its large patio and pool. "I can help you get by for a while."

"Me too."

Shaun turned to Jon and wrinkled his forehead. "I just loaned you a hundred bucks last week."

"Yeah, but I get paid soon."

Shaun pushed himself out of his chair with a short laugh. "I thought you said Barnes and Noble was paying you in gift cards now."

Jon chuckled. "I wouldn't be surprised if that ended up happening."

Dean rested his elbows on the table and massaged his swollen face while Shaun went around the side of the house to take a leak. "This is so fucked up."

"I can't believe you're engaged."

"Will you stop saying that? It's not a real engagement; it's just...for now."

Jo nodded, rubbing his bottle like a genie's lamp. "There's got to be a better way, man."

"I'm all ears, Jon. If you've got something better, I'd love to hear it."

Jon frowned and then swung his gaze around the backyard when something moved on the other side of the pool. Dean twisted around as well. They squinted into the shadows where silence waited to greet them.

"Probably just a possum," Jon whispered coldly, his bug eyes telling a different story.

Dean slowly turned back around, his paranoia growing by leaps and bounds. "Sounded bigger than a possum."

"Right?"

"Hey, did you guys hear that?" Shaun asked, zipping his shorts up and hurrying back to the table. "I'm totally freaking out right now."

"You need to forget about that Evy chick and do what this Clay guy says or we'll all be screwed."

Dean turned to Jon, pulling his eyebrows together. "You think?"

A simple shrug made Jon's shoulders bob. "Or we could kill him."

Shaun managed a laugh.

"Seriously, it wouldn't be that hard. Don't you guys watch Breaking Bad?"

"The question is: are you going to tell Evy?" Shaun asked.

Dean stared at the sticker of Shaun's smiling mug on his bottle, his heart sinking just thinking about her. "I wrote her a note explaining everything, but I don't know how to get it to her with Dr. Evil following my every move."

Shaun nodded. "I could swing by Sugars and drop it off tomorrow. I may need to fill out an application there anyway, seeing as how they'll probably be getting their liquor license back and all."

Dean's brow folded as they exchanged heavy glances in the flickering light, crickets growing louder in the silence settling around them like a cold black wind. Dean turned to Shaun with bloodshot eyes. "You still have that clown suit?"

***

Dean poked his head out around a lilac bush in the front yard, peering down the street where Ryder sat in his car. The man's darkened outline made Dean's heart hammer against his breastplate. His phone vibrated in his hand, scaring the crap out of him. It was a text from Jon. They were ready. Dean returned a quick text message and peeked back out around the bush, cobwebs sticking to his sweaty face. After a few anxious seconds, Jon stumbled from a nearby front yard into the dimly lit street. His baggy clown costume fluttered with the breeze and Dean cringed as Jon limped toward Ryder's car like a zombie, hamming it up a bit too much for Dean's liking. When Jon stopped directly in front of the Taurus there was a moment when Dean was sure Ryder would just run him down where he stood. Instead, the bald geezer popped his door open with a creak that pierced the night like a rusty knife. Blood rushed through Dean's head in waves as Ryder slowly got out of the car.

Shaun took his cue and crept out from behind a thick oak tree another house down, sneaking into position by the car's rear tire. Ryder said something to Jon that Dean couldn't make out and Jon, in keeping with the plan, didn't respond. He just stood there staring at Ryder, which, in Dean's mind, had to be creepy as hell, even for Ryder. The old timer cocked his head to one side and leaned on the door, producing another loud groan. His black coat flapped in the wind. Shaun took advantage of the confusion and silently punctured the back tire with a sturdy buck knife before scurrying back into the shadows of a quiet two-story house.

Dean walked out from behind the bush, thankful the Jeep was already unlocked. He climbed inside, shut his door and glanced in the side mirror to see Ryder jumping back in the Taurus. Dean turned the ignition and brought the Jeep to life, shifted into drive and sped away down the block. He took one last look in the mirror and saw Ryder's headlights pop on while Jon shuffled out of sight.

Dean fumbled for his cell phone, keeping one eye on the road and one eye on his contacts. He took a corner and hit call, glancing in the mirror as the phone began to ring. It was dark behind him and Dean prayed Ryder wouldn't kill Jon and Shaun after realizing he was stuck with a flat. Just the same, they had prepared for that with stashed baseball bats and a thing of mace Shaun had quietly dug from Carrie's purse. Dean cleared his throat when someone finally answered in his ear.

"Yeah, I need a cab," Dean said, speeding for home.

Dean stared at the number sixteen on Evy's apartment door, the folded note in his hand and a lump in his throat. The hallway was quiet and smelled like laundry. He knelt down and slid the note under the door, hesitated and pulled it back. Uncertainty and alcohol fused inside his brain like a twisting DNA strand. With the pop of a kneecap he stood back up and glanced down the barren hallway. He knew it wouldn't take Ryder long to switch out his deflated tire with the spare, which is why Dean had ordered a cab to meet him at his place. With his car safely parked at his condo for the night, Ryder would (hopefully) think he had gone home to sleep one off. Instead, the cab had dropped Dean off two blocks from Evy's apartment, buying him some much needed time he might as well spend.

He inhaled through his nose and knocked lightly before losing his nerve. The silence rang his ears as he stared at the peephole. He glanced at his watch and winced. It was just past one in the morning and if she wasn't pissed before, she would be now. This was a mistake. Just when he was about to slide the note under the door and leave, the door cracked open, jarring his insides with a bolt of electricity that made the hairs stand up on the back of his neck.

Evy squinted at him through sleepy eyes, stealing his breath. A swarm of butterflies launched in his stomach at the sight of the necklace he had given her. She hadn't thrown it away. His gaze ran its needy fingers to the bare legs spilling from a pair of gym shorts. A fond look softened his eyes. Even waking from a dead sleep she looked beautiful. Heart racing, he shifted from one foot to the other, feeling lightheaded with those green eyes upon him once again.

Her face stiffened. "What are you doing here?" she asked curtly.

"I need to talk to you."

An angry snort burst from her nose. "You had your chance and blew it," she said, slamming the door in his face.

His hand jetted out and caught it just in time. He pushed the door open, bringing a startled look to her distended face.

"What're you doing?" she cried, pushing back with both hands.

He wrestled against her weight and squeezed through the narrow gap. The door crashed shut behind him with force, shaking the walls and narrowly taking off his fingers in the process.

"You asshole!" she barked, backing away like he was a home intruder. Her arms folded over a teal camisole to hide the bare breasts beneath. "You think you can just toy with my feelings like one of your little...playthings? Come and go as you please?" Tears carved out paths down her reddening cheeks.

"I'm sorry," he said softly, unable to stop himself from reaching for her, needing to touch her just one more time.

She slapped his hands away like a child, retreating into the living room. "Get out!"

"I just..."

"You just what?" she cried, smacking his hands again as he continued his desperate pursuit. "Need to get laid because you're drunk? Well, fuck you! I hate you!"

"No, listen," he said, a knot of need tightening in his gut as her sweet scent stormed his senses. "There's more to it, I just..."

"It's called the truth, Dean!"

His fingertips grazed her arm and sent a charge shooting through his bloodstream. "It's complicated."

Evy backed into a wall, her eyes glittering with rage. "I don't care. I don't want to hear it." Her body tensed when his hands found her waist. She pushed against his wrists. "I don't want to see you ever again!" Her fists turned to hammers, beating on his chest. "I don't want to..."

"Shut up," he said, pulling her to him and kissing her hard.

Her eyes widened with his boldness. She hesitated before squirming free and slapping him across the face. "You asshole!"

Dean wrapped an arm around her waist and yanked her against him with a high-pitched noise escaping her. Heat flushed across his front side as he pressed against body. She tensed, surprised and unnerved, staring up at him with her mouth hanging open in a stunned silence. Their eyes locked, the heat of their bodies mingling in the dim glow from the light above the stove. The tension was palpable. His lips lowered to hers. Evy snapped from her daze and writhed for freedom, calling him every name in the book. He held her against him, refusing to let her go no matter how nasty she got. She called him a bastard and he forced his lips to hers again, shutting her up and sucking her into his heart and soul in a single blow.

She pushed against him and tore her mouth away. "No," she whispered between frantic gulps of air, her eyes betraying her.

He clenched his teeth and pinned her wrists to the wall. Before she could protest further, he slipped his tongue into her warm mouth. She struggled against him but he wouldn't budge, kissing her long and hard. Her lips were soft and sweet and he never wanted to let them go. He released one of her arms to seize her breast. She moaned and pulled at his hair. He pinched her nipple and she kissed him back, sucking his bottom lip into her mouth with hunger.

Her hands wrapped around his neck and pulled him close, his heart fluttering against her. They kissed with passion, their noses softly rubbing as their heads tilted back and forth. He broke their kiss when her hand found the bulge in his slacks. He chased his breath and looked her in the eye.

"I love you."

She massaged his groin, watering the erection inside. "I hate you," she whispered back.

He picked her up and spun her around. Her legs coiled around him as he carried her to the couch, swimming in those green pools along the way. A startled breath slipped from somewhere deep down inside when he dropped her onto the cushions. He hovered over her, his famished eyes ravaging her from her tousled hair to her red toes. His chest rose and fell with anticipation as his coat slipped to the floor with nary a move. She reached up and grabbed his tie, pulling him on top of her. Their mouths exchanged another heated kiss. He pressed his erection into her stomach and pulled on her hair, forcing her head back so he could attack her neck like a creature of the night.

She groaned as his lips molested the vulnerable spot below her ear. His warm breath washed over her with a want that would not be denied. His teeth bit into her neck, nearly breaking the skin. She curled fistfuls of his hair into her hands and pulled, her eyes burning with desire.

"Fuck me," she wheezed, pushing him to his knees and pulling his shirt open like he was Superman. Buttons popped across the room, landing God knows where. He slipped out of the ruined shirt while her hands frantically unbuckled his belt and jerked his pants down to his knees, taking the underwear with them. His throbbing cock broke free and she seized it with both hands, stroking him with a fervent yearning that nearly made him explode. His breath came as fast as her stokes. She looked up and met his smoldering gaze, needing to melt with him just one more time. She cupped his balls and took him into her mouth.

He arched his back and squeezed his eyes shut. Stars exploded across the back of his eyelids as her luscious lips slid up and down his rigid shaft with a tenderness he had yet to encounter. He moaned her name out loud, massaging her head with his hands. It had never been this good. Ever. He opened his eyes and watched her take him all in, inhaling him like much needed air.

He tightened his buttocks and clenched his teeth. "Stop," he begged.

She withdrew and looked up at him with a sparkle in her eyes. He rid himself of everything but his necktie, their ragged breath the only sound in the room.

Her eyes scoured every inch of his sculpted body, from his broad shoulders and carved out abs to his toned thighs and calves. Her tongue swept across her lips, wanting everything he had to offer and more. He yanked her shorts down and tore off her panties. She gasped as the material ripped, tried to sit up but he forced her back down and pushed her top up over her breasts.

Blood rushed through his arteries so fast he thought he might pass out. He studied her body, memorizing every breathtaking curve. With a wry grin, she spread her legs, giving him an unimpeded shot of her creamy center below. His hand ran along the inside of her smooth leg, loving the way she trembled beneath his touch. His fingers found her soft spot and gently traced her clitoris, rubbing circles into her wet flesh.

"Dean," she panted, closing her eyes.

The look on her face nearly made him cum. He picked her up and twirled her on top of him. She straddled him, looking down into his animalistic eyes as he slipped inside of her.

He sat up and cupped her face, studying her like a magnificent work of art. A steamy breath shot from her lips. Her voice quivered when she spoke. "I love you, Dean."

Dean stared into her eyes, his heart swelling. "I love you more than anything in the world."

Evy watched him as they melted together, not knowing where one began and the other ended. She smiled and took him in deeper, meeting his greedy thrusts. Fireworks exploded inside her head. She increased her tempo, their skin slapping against each other in perfect rhythm, snatching stubborn gulps of air around them. Evy stopped penny-pinching and seized every inch he had to offer. A lamp shook on the end table.

"Oh shit!" he groaned.

She threw her head back and cried out.

He took her face in his hand and directed her eyes to meet his. "Look at me when you cum."

Her breath was warm and ragged. She set her jaw and dug her nails into his shoulders, staring into his demanding gaze.

Dean bit the inside of his cheek to keep from exploding too soon. The metallic taste of blood quickly filled his mouth.

"Dean!"

The way she moaned his name was music to his ears. "Cum for me baby!"

"Oh God, Dean!"

Her muscles tightened around him, an untamed look in her eyes. He couldn't hold it much longer. Evy looked him right in the eye, and released a shrill cry that had to of woken the entire building. Her body shuddered against his as she came like never before. The look on her face drove him wild. He gritted his teeth and exploded inside of her, looking into her eyes and grunting his release with breathless fulfillment. They climaxed together, shaking with an unrestrained passion most would never find. She watched his face, awestruck as he emptied himself into her with pulsating bursts.

Dean's face softened as he fell into her dreamy eyes.

She leaned in closer, their lips stopping just before they connected.

"You make me so crazy, Evy," he whispered between pants.

She exhaled a wistful breath and pressed her mouth to his, holding him tightly. They broke their kiss and held each others' starry eyed gaze.

"I really do love you," she whispered.

A grin stretched his lips. "I know."

She laughed and slapped his shoulder. "You're such a jerk."

He laid back and wrapped her in his arms on the couch, spooning with her in a blissful stillness as they quietly collected their breath. Time seemed to stop and he wished they could stay like that forever. Never leave her apartment again, content just being next to her until the end of time. He waited for her to fall asleep in his arms before closing his eyes and drifting off to a place where his troubles could no longer find him.

***

Evy stirred on the couch and cracked her eyelids. Dawn's early light cast a faint glow across the living room as she took in her surroundings, bemused to not be in her bed. She smiled as flashes from the night before pushed to the forefront of her mind, making her stomach tingle with euphoria. It wasn't a dream after all. She sat bolt upright on the couch, her eyes darting around the living room. Her heart plummeted with the realization she was naked and alone. Her frantic gaze jumped back to the coffee table where a tented note sat with her name scrawled across it. She swung her bare feet to the carpet and snatched it, her eyes rapidly roaming back and forth across the handwritten words nearly as fast as her heart was beating. The early morning quiet was as thick as tar as Dean's words slowly sank in. She lifted her watery gaze to the soft light oozing through the windows and clutched her heart like it might fall out of her chest.

"Oh my God," she muttered, blinking a tear down her cheek. She snatched her cell phone from the coffee table and tried calling him, her mind reeling as potential scenarios whisked through her head, each one more horrifying than the one before it. His voice on the greeting made her shudder with need and fold with despair at the same time. She had missed him. But maybe not.

After the beep, she took a steadying breath that had no effect. "Dean, please don't do this," her voice cracked. "We'll figure out a different way. Just don't get on that plane." Evy paused to collect her racing thoughts even though the clock was ticking. "Call me as soon as you get this. The only thing that matters is that I love..." The beep cut her off. The color fled her cheeks as she slowly lowered the cell phone and stared at it like it was diseased. Her stomach rolled, knowing she had missed him. Knowing he was already on airplane to marry another woman. Regardless of how tight Evy clutched her chest, her heart broke in two. Tears rolled down her cheeks and splashed onto her bare legs. She wiped her eyes and scanned the note again, wondering how any of it could possibly be true. The cell phone rang in her hand. She screamed and dropped it to the floor, where it tumbled across the carpet like it was trying to get away.

Evy bent over and snatched it. Relief doused her flames of anxiety when she saw the screen. She hurriedly answered. "Where are you?"

A long pause filled her with dread.

"I'm at the airport," Dean whispered. "I can't talk long. She's in the bathroom."

A mumbled female voice squawked something over a PA system in the background.

"Dean, don't you dare get on that plane."

"I have to, Evy," he insisted. "If I don't..."

"Goddamnit Dean, we'll figure out another way, just don't get..."

"I know we will," he cut her off. "But until we figure that out I have to get on this plane. Clay Crawford will ruin all of us. You've seen what he can do."

"Dean, please," she sobbed.

"Evy," he said calmly, knowing time was money. "Just know that I love you more than anything in the world and we will be together very soon. I promise you that."

Evy inhaled a deep breath that made a wheezing sound. "B-But you'll be married."

"Not for long, and it won't be real anyway. Not in my heart. You know that."

She wiped her cheeks with her hand. "To her it will be! And what're you going to do when she wants to consummate the marriage, Dean? Then what?"

Another pause seemed to last forever and she wondered if the call was dropped.

"Don't worry. I've got a plan for that."

She shook her head, refusing to accept any of it. "Like what?"

"Do you trust me?"

Her tattered breath hissed through the line. "Yes."

"Then say it."

"Dean, I just think that..."

"Say it!"

She tried swallowing the lump in her throat but it wouldn't go down without a fight. "I trust you."

"Shit, here she comes. I have to go."

"Dean!" she cried, her bulging eyes scanning her darkened TV as if she could see the whole thing playing out before her. Silence stole her breath. He had hung up before she could tell him the one thing she wanted him to hear above all else.

"Yeah?"

Her heart quivered at the sound of his voice. "I love you."

"I love you, too."

A soft click sent wrinkles carving through her forehead. "Dean? Hello?" When there was no reply she lowered the cell phone and stared blankly at the screen. And just like that, he was gone. Her hand went to her necklace and ran its fingers across the arrow, an unbearable silence squeezing the oxygen from her lungs.

