Chapter 1

The dry grass crackled in the evening breeze. Pale green streaks at the base of the stems were all that showed it was alive, struggling against the heat of the summer sun and a rainless afternoon. Thunder rumbled in the distance, but the clouds refused to release their water. A large sign with a bear in a hat declaring the fire danger "extreme" glared out over the road. A car sped by, the taillights fading into the setting sun. A red glowing cigarette ember flicked out of the open window, landing on the dark asphalt. It rolled gently, swirling in odd circles until finally resting on the edge of the road. The parched breeze puffed, pushing the small glowing light into the grass. It only took a moment for the spark to ignite on the dry tinder, small flames hungrily feeding on the thirsty weeds. The spark of disaster had been lit.

I leaned back against the checkout stand, waiting for something to happen. I had straightened the gum, organized the gift cards, and even wiped the conveyer belt twice, but there was nothing left to do except wait for a customer.

Conifer Grocery was the biggest grocery store for miles, but by industry standards, it was still a small store. It carried most of the items that the small town's inhabitants needed, and it was actually one of the local hotspots for teenagers to hang out. In the small town of Conifer, Colorado, it was the center of the town. It was a 45 minute drive east and out of the mountains to get to Denver, so most people just stayed in town. The long drive to the city made Conifer Grocery the heart of the town and the center of activity. Today though, it was dead quiet. I glanced at my watch. Only fifteen minutes left until the end of my shift. Fifteen minutes of torture. I adjusted my apron and smiled as one of the old regulars, Mr. Snyder, purchased a single loaf of bread.

"Hello there, Holly!" he bellowed. He was always overly friendly.

"Hey there yourself, Mr. Snyder. Lovely weather we're having," I replied.

He frowned, his gray bushy eyebrows knitting together. "Too lovely, if you ask me. I tell you, I've been living up here a long time, and I've never seen a winter with less snow."

I nodded to be polite, but I was pretty unconcerned. It had been unseasonably warm, and the lack of snow was disturbing many of the local residents. It was one of the most frequent things I was told while working the cash register.

"I tell you, in a mountain town like this, the snow is vital. The whole forest is like a tinderbox, ready to go," he added.

I agreed with him and finished checking him out. The old man thanked me and walked slowly to the exit, clutching his loaf of bread under his arm. I watched him walk out, wishing I could follow. Fourteen minutes left.

I didn't mind the warmer weather when I woke up to scrape the ice off my car to get to work, but I did keep hearing on the nightly news that if this heat wave continued, the summer fire season would be terrible. Summer seemed a long way away from now, though, so I was just enjoying the ice free car.

"Bored to tears yet?"

"Crying my eyes out," I recognized the voice and turned back with a grin for my childhood friend. Andrew was one of the few bright spots about moving back home. He grinned at me, his blue eyes twinkling. He began piling food onto the belt in unorganized heaps. I quickly started scanning and sorting it, bagging it quickly as we easily fell into a conversation.

"Have you heard about Luke and Tyler's parents?" Andrew asked as he plopped two gallons of milk down.

"The divorce? Yeah. It sucks, but knowing Ray, I'm not really surprised. The guy works way too hard and Barb was just too high maintenance to put up with that. I hear it was pretty ugly when they started figuring out how to split their stuff up, especially who gets custody," I said with a grimace. Andrew nodded.

"Luke says the judge is going to rule tomorrow on what is going to happen to Tyler. Poor kid. Luke is hoping the judge will let Tyler stay with Ray, but it doesn't look good. They usually side with the mom in cases like this." Andrew shook his head sadly as he put the cereal up on the belt.

"How is Tyler handling it?"

Andrew shrugged. "If it was possible for that kid to get more quiet, this did it. He was actually looking forward to starting high school next year and being in the school play." He paused, lowering his voice before continuing. "Barb wants to move to California to be with her parents. He's going to have to go to a big school. The kid is so shy that he won't try out for anything there. Luke is really worried about him."

"Luke has always been a better parent to him than his actual parents. The judge should let him stay with Ray just so that he can stay with Luke," I replied as I bagged the last of his items, hitting the total button on the register.

"You want to get together tomorrow with everybody for Luke? We can either celebrate or mourn. Either way he will probably appreciate the support." Andrew said as he swiped the card through the reader.

"That sounds great. I'll ask around. Say hi to your mom for me." I smiled as I handed him his receipt. I wished I could come up with something more clever to say to him. Something that would make him laugh, something that would give me a reason to spend more time with him. Since coming home, I hadn't been able to see much of him since he was busy with work. He didn't know the real reason for me dropping out of school and moving home, but I hadn't seen him enough to be able to tell him.

"I'll tell her. She was supposed to come do the shopping today, but she didn't feel up to it," Andrew suddenly looked years older, as though time had played a cruel joke by making him the parent to his mother. He shook his head, the age shaking off of him like water from a dog. "Luke should be back up from Denver by 3, so how does 3:30 in the usual spot sound?"

"Sounds great. I'll see you then!" I answered a little too cheerfully. He didn't seem to notice as he picked up his bags and headed for the door. I watched him leave, feeling the butterflies dancing in my stomach at the thought of seeing him again tomorrow. When I could no longer see him through the door I glanced back down at my watch. Only eleven minutes left.



"Holly, can you stop at the hardware store and pick up the parts I ordered?" my dad asked as I finished my breakfast.

"Sure- I'll stop there on my way to work. Do you want me to pick something up for dinner?" I answered putting my empty bowl in the dishwasher.

"Nah, I'll be at work when you get home, so I'll make that rice thing you like and put it in the fridge." He sipped at his coffee, wincing at the heat.

"Ok. I'll see you later tonight then," I kissed his cheek as I grabbed my keys off the kitchen table and headed out the door.

The car was cold, but it was a short drive to West Hardware and the heat was barely going by the time I got there. The door chimed as I walked in, the smells of tools and wood filling the air. Andrew stopped organizing the shelf he was working on and walked over to greet me. The store was empty other than the two of us.

"You here for the parts your dad ordered?" he asked smiling.

"You must be a mind reader," I answered, returning his easy smile. He laughed, raking a hand through his light brown hair. He had let it grow out since I had moved back, not long by any standard, but just shaggy along the edge of his collar. Combined with the light stubble on his jaw, I thought it made him look rugged and dashing. He thought he just looked lazy.

"Yup. I must read minds. Or maybe it's that he has been in here every day this week asking about them. They're in the back, I'll go grab 'em," he said with a laugh as he turned towards the back room. I leaned up against the counter, looking around the small shop. It had looked the same in here for as long as I could remember. A big metal sign hung over the register: WEST HARDWARE: A FAMILY BUSINESS. Ray West, Luke's father, ran the store. I remember the day he bought it, all of us kids running around the store hyped up on cake and punch while the adults congratulated Mr. West.

The store was Mr. West's pride and joy. Ray spent every waking moment he could in the store. I could easily see why Barb was ending their marriage. Ever since he had bought it, she had been second fiddle to a hardware store. Luke and Tyler both pretty much grew up in the store, playing with screwdrivers and hammers instead of GI Joes. As soon as Luke was old enough, he started helping his dad run the store. I knew Luke wanted more of an active role in managing the store now that he was older, but it was clear that Mr. West still saw him as a kid.

Luke had earned an associate's degree from the local community college and was taking online classes to work towards a degree in business. He wanted to run the store more efficiently, but his dad refused to change anything about the store. I knew times were getting rough, and the slipping economy didn't help. Luke had some great ideas to bring in more business, but Ray was stubborn and didn't want to change. It was a point of contention between the two of them, but Luke still held out hope he could change his dad's mind.

"Alright, here are the parts. Your dad already paid for them, so you are good to go," Andrew said carrying a large package out from the back room.

"Thanks. How are Ray and Luke doing today?" I asked, picking the package up and heading to the door. Andrew held it open for me and followed me to the car to help me get it in the backseat.

"They left for the city about an hour ago. Both nervous as hell. I have a bad feeling about today," he said grimly as he held the car door open for me.

"Me too. Thanks for the package. Dad thanks you too," I closed the car door to the back seat. "I've got to get to work. I'll see you in a little while," I said sliding into the driver's side door. Andrew waved and headed back into the shop, turning to watch me drive away. He waved again as I turned onto the main road, his smile fading as I turned.

Andrew. We've been friends for as long as I can remember. I lived on the top of the mountain and his house was only a couple of miles downhill from me. In our mountain community, that pretty much made us next door neighbors, so growing up we were always together. Our friendship was cemented the first day of kindergarten when he shared his crayons with me because I forgot mine. He even let me use the blue one and didn't get mad when it broke. "Now I just have two!" little Andrew had told me. It was an easy and perfect friendship, the two of us always together. Things felt natural when I was with him. I felt like me when I was with him.

Andrew was the first boy I ever kissed. It was the day after my 13th birthday and boys were starting to become interesting instead of gross. We were walking home from the bus stop together, when he told me I was pretty. No one but my dad had ever said that to me, so I turned and kissed him on the lips, trying to replicate the kisses I'd seen in movies. It had felt so awkward, and yet somehow so right to kiss him. Kissing looked so easy, so natural in all the movies, but in real life it was a disaster. He had just stood there, not doing anything but turning bright red. We walked the rest of the way home in silence.

When I tell people that Andrew and I never kissed again after that, they often don't believe me. It seems strange to them that two high school kids would never act on their raging hormones and at least have made out. My college roommate had laughed when I told her none of us ever messed around with one another. She never understood that I had made a promise in high school to never date any of my closest friends. It was probably why we were all still friends.

The road curved and I hugged it a little too tight, hearing the parts slide on the seat behind me. Some days I missed high school. No, that wasn't right. I didn't miss high school, I missed my friends and having the perfect excuse to hang out with them all the time.

Andrew, Luke, Britney, and Eli were still my closest friends despite us all going in different directions. Andrew and Luke both stayed in Conifer after graduation for family reasons; Britney moved closer to the city to go to school, but still worked at the local Mexican restaurant as a waitress on weekends and breaks. Eli got a job down in Denver and was working his way up the corporate ladder. I had gone off to Boulder on a scholarship.

I wished I had never left. School had been easy for me in high school and I had made my academic scholarship easily. Unfortunately, I made some poor decisions in college. I snickered at myself as I turned off the main road. Poor decisions? That was the polite way of saying I screwed my life up. My poor decisions forced me to come back home in disgrace and failure.

Only Luke knew the true extent of my poor decisions, and I had no intention of telling anyone else. Not even my dad knew. It was too shameful. I had to find a new path for my life. I knew I didn't want to work as a grocery clerk for the rest of my life, but I couldn't go back to the life I had in Boulder. I had lost myself there, and I was still picking up the pieces, putting myself back together.

I parked in the back of the parking lot and headed into the store. I was excited to see all my friends after my shift. I had missed them all when I was away at school, and because of all our busy lives, we hadn't all been in the same place since summer. I was most excited to get to spend time with Andrew though. Even since I had come back, we hadn't been able to spend much time together. At least I saw him more than when I was in college. While I was away, we had talked on the phone. Andrew and Luke both came up to visit a couple of times, but it just wasn't the same.

I had been nervous to come home and be a failure in everyone's eyes. I knew Luke hadn't told anyone what I had done, but I still saw judgment everywhere I went. Except Andrew. When he looked at me, he saw someone worthwhile. He just treated me like I had never left, and I realized just how much I had missed him. I wouldn't have made the poor decisions I did if he had been around.

I sighed and put my work apron on, punching into the clock. Time to get my head out of memories and get ready to start my shift. Only a few hours until freedom and friends. I wondered how many people were going to reference the weather today as I headed to the checkout stand.

Chapter 2

A small flame grew, feeding on the dry grass. At first, it was more smoke than flame, but it grew quickly. Soon a trickle of flame spread into the deeper grass, finding a feast of dry tinder. It only took moments for the flames to spread along the roadside, incinerating everything they touched. The stars came out to watch the pretty flames dance along the side of the road, their silent light pale compared to the orange and red glow.

I got off my shift at 2:30, so I headed over to our usual meeting spot. I parked in the back corner of the West Hardware Store parking lot and walked along the edge of the crumbling asphalt towards the main building. My feet followed a worn path along the wall of the building, my hand trailing behind me on the warm plastic siding. The back lot of the store was deserted, piles of lumber sitting under big blue plastic tarps. I was the first person there, so I claimed a spot in the sun, pulling the tarp off to sit on the wood.

The sunshine was warm on my face, the day unseasonably nice. I had worn a light fleece jacket, one that I hadn't worn since coming home from college. It felt marvelous to just sit in the sun, soaking it up like a cat, losing myself to the blue sky. I could smell the sweet earthy scent of wood and dirt mixed with scent of the warm plastic tarp. This was one of my favorite places. We used to all play hide and seek here when we were younger. It always felt safe here, like I could hide under these tarps and the world would disappear.

I put my hands in my jacket pockets and felt a hard plastic square. It was my student ID card. My carefree mood slipped away like water through my fingers. I stared at the smiling person on the card, her bright eyes staring back accusingly at me. Her smile mocked me; it was so confident, so ready to face any challenge. That girl had no idea what was going to happen.

I wanted to fling it across the lumber yard. I wanted to burn it. I wanted to throw it in a pit of fiery lava and watch it melt into black smoke that would just blow away and never bother me again. The girl in the picture ridiculed me because she was still innocent.

The sound of footsteps snapped me out of my thoughts. I looked up to see Luke towering over me, his thin frame dominating my vision. I sat up and he sat down where my feet had been. Luke was only a year older than me, but today he looked like he carried the weight of a much older man. His dark blonde hair was disheveled from running his hands through it and the knot on his tie was crooked. I had a feeling he had tied it himself this morning and no one had fixed it for him. He sat hunched forward, his eyes focusing on a straggly weed trying to find a foothold near the back entrance. His hazel eyes held only defeat.

"You OK?" I asked, tucking the id card back in my pocket. I didn't want anyone to see it.

"Nope," he said flatly. The custody hearing must have gone badly. My heart sank. Luke loved his little brother something fierce. He was seven years older than Tyler, but the two of them were always together. Luke was extremely protective of his little brother, and Tyler practically worshiped the ground Luke walked on. If Barb won custody, Tyler would be moving to California and Luke would never get to see him. The thought broke my heart.

"Wanna talk about it?"

"Nope."

We sat there quietly, waiting for the others to arrive. I scooted closer to Luke, putting my head on his shoulder. His warmth was comforting, and he tipped his head to rest against mine. I could feel the worry radiating off him, his shoulders tense with anxiety.

Luke was the most loyal and trustworthy person I had ever known. He was always looking out for the little guy, making sure that no one ever got hurt. He looked out for me like a big brother. In 7th grade, I had the misfortune of getting glasses and braces at the same time; Luke, the big strong 8th grader, threatened to beat up all the kids that teased me about it. I had loved him after that. We went out on a date once in middle school, but it never went anywhere. He became the older brother I never had but had always wanted.

He continued to look out for me in high school, helping me make friends. There were six of us my freshman year. Luke, Britney and Eli were a year older than Andrew, Jen and I, but we all ate lunch together and hung out after school. I thought we were going to be friends forever we were all so close, but that didn't work out.

Before we made the promise never to date within ourselves, Jen and Eli became a serious couple. For a while things were great, but then, as is common in high school couples, the two of them had a fight. It resulted in a bitter breakup, and made being around either one of them awkward. They refused to be in the same room as one another, and their split forced us to choose sides. The only reason the five of us were still together was because Jen moved. After that, we all swore to never date within ourselves. Our friendships were too important to risk.

Our promise worked. None of us dated and we all were still friends years after graduation. It was hard, and we had all been tempted to break the promise at some point, but we never did. It was what made our friendship so strong. I never thought we would change.

I felt Luke sigh underneath me. It felt shaky, like he was holding in sobs. I hated seeing him like this. Since Luke was my adopted big brother, I became Tyler's adopted "big sis". I was worried for Tyler. The kid was the shyest person I had ever met. The only time he came out of his shell was if he was onstage. The kid could sing, act, and dance. Tyler said he could do it because he wasn't himself on the stage- he was the performer. Unfortunately, he was terrified of auditions and people he didn't know. This wasn't a problem in small school like ours; most of the cast of the school plays came from the drama teacher walking down the hallway and assigning parts to students.

If Tyler went to a bigger school, one where auditions actually mattered, he would retreat further into his shy little shell. He had made such progress this year. I worried what would happen to him if he was forced to go someplace new.

Luke shifted, and I raised my head to see a several people walk around the corner of the building. Andrew led, looking tired and worn, with Eli and Britney following close behind. Our little gang was all here. Eli and Britney's smiles fell off their faces as soon as they saw Luke. He wore a mask of awful disappointment.

Britney rushed forward and hugged Luke, whispering, "Aw, honey. It'll be alright." Britney is the only person I have ever known that could get away with calling people 'honey' and making it genuine. She smiled at him, sitting on his other side as Eli walked over and handed him a beer from his backpack. Luke popped the top and took a gulp. His hands shook slightly, but from what emotion, I wasn't sure. He let the half-empty can rest on his knee as he took a deep breath in, letting it out slowly.

"The judge said my dad wasn't as good a parental option as my mom," he said slowly, his voice full of heartache. "He said that my dad works too much, that there isn't a strong paternal presence. He said I don't count. The f**ker said I didn't factor into 'the child's opportune growing environment'. Bull shit! I practically raised that kid myself!"

Luke's voice began to raise, his voice cracking as he continued. "Who does Tyler go to when he needs help with his homework? Me. Who drives Tyler to school? Me. Who cooks and does his laundry? Me! Mom is too busy with her business and Dad 's too busy with his store to even notice the kid. Grams and Gramps pay attention to him, but they are busy with their retirement. That's why they f**king moved to California in the first place. But Mom has to go be near them and drag Tyler with her just because it will hurt Dad. Not a single person in that whole f**king courtroom gave a rat's ass what happened to Tyler!"

Luke screamed at no one in particular. He was breathing hard, his face turning red and highlighting the dried tear streaks running down his face. I put my hand on his shoulder, feeling the rage burn through him. He lifted the can up to his lips and downed the rest of the beer. I wanted to cry, to scream in mutual frustration. We all sat quietly, unsure of what to say. Luke was usually the most grounded and calm of all of us. I could count the number of time I had heard him curse on one hand until today. This wasn't a side of Luke that we were used to seeing. I could see Britney biting her lip as she watched him, her face contorted with shared pain. Eli stood off to the side, his arms crossed and his eyes intentionally not looking at Luke. Andrew sat on a pile of wood, staring at the ground, his hands clasped before him. It was Andrew that finally broke the silence.

"I am so sorry, man. You and Tyler don't deserve that," he said slowly looking up at Luke.

Luke nodded curtly, and stood up. He crushed the can under his foot and walked towards the store building frowning at the weeds.

"I just don't know what to do," he whispered. His shoulders slumped in defeat. The anger seemed to have burned through him, leaving him hollow. He turned around, his face nothing but despair. "How do I fix this?"

Everyone was quiet. I wished I had an answer for him. I hated seeing my big strong protector so beat down. Britney stood up and hugged him, her tiny frame wrapping around his tall one like a vine around a pole.

"I don't think this is something you can fix by yourself, honey," she said quietly. "I know that we will help you through this though. You aren't in this alone. We all know how much you love Tyler. We all love that kid too. We will find a way to get him to where he belongs."

Everyone nodded, murmuring similar words. It felt like so little.

"Have you talked to your mom about this at all?" Andrew asked as he fished in Eli's backpack for a beer. He found one and tossed it to Luke before pulling another one out for himself. He looked at Britney, his eyebrows raised as he opened the bag for another. She shook her head no as she released Luke but still keeping near him, so he turned to me. I nodded and he tossed one carefully to me, leaving the bag open leaning against the wood pile.

"Like she listens to me. They both see me as a child. It's frustrating as hell," he said popping the top, but instead of drinking he just stared into the can.

"What about the lawyers?" I ventured, playing with the cold can. The weight felt good in my hands, but I had no intention of opening it.

Luke shrugged noncommittally. "My dad's lawyer said if we want to appeal, we need to prove a more stable home life, a better family structure or something. I wasn't paying much attention at that point."

The silence hung like a cold mist between us. It wasn't uncomfortable, but it wasn't pleasant either. We all were just looking for the right words to say. Looking for words that would make this better, but not finding any.

"Thank you guys for being here today. It means a lot," Luke said quietly. A cloud crossed in front of the sun, making the sunny yard suddenly gloomy. He looked around at everyone, the corners of his lips curling up in an attempt of a smile that didn't reach his eyes. Britney hugged him again and then sat down next to me.

"Anytime, bro. Anytime," Eli replied setting down his can on the ground. He smashed it with his foot, the metallic crunch punctuating his sentence before diving into his backpack for a second. I played with the can in my hands, feeling the cool metal slide against my skin. I didn't want to open it, I didn't want the responsibility that came with it. Too many memories.

I caught Andrew looking at the can, unopened in my hands. His dark eyebrows twitched together, curious. I set the can down next to me on the wood, hiding it from his line of sight. I turned to Luke, ignoring the questioning look Andrew shot towards me.

"Luke, you know we'll help you out anyway we can. We are here for you," I smiled at him. He gave a halfhearted smile back, tossing his empty can to the ground and stuffing his hands deep into his pockets. He kicked the empty can towards a tarp covered pile. It pinged hollowly through the small space.

Britney stood up and starting walking towards Luke. "I'm really sorry Luke, but I have to get to work. My shift starts in a little bit. Come by though, and I'll get you a drink or two on the house," she said, giving him a hug. He held onto her, drawing off her strength. I could see her whisper into his ear, and he pulled her in closer before letting her go. She waved to the rest of us, hoisting her purse onto shoulder as she disappeared around the corner of the hardware store.

Luke paced between the lumber pile and the back of the building, kicking the aluminum beer can every time he passed it. It made a strange sort of clock as Eli, Andrew, and I sat there, counting the number of metallic pings. The sun began to set behind the mountains, sucking the rest of the day's warmth with it, but turning the sky brilliant shades of orange and gold. I messed with my jacket, wishing that I had worn a heavier one. Eli's phone began to sing some sort of rap song, but he picked it up before I could recognize any of the lyrics.

"Hey... Yeah, I'll pick up some milk on the way home. Be there soon," Eli clicked his phone off and picked up his backpack. "Luke, man, I'll see you tomorrow. Tyler will be okay. He's a good kid."

Luke nodded, his hands somehow going deeper into his pockets. Eli clapped him on the shoulder as he walked towards the path to the parking lot, then disappeared into the deepening dark.

"I got to get home too. Holly, could you give me a ride? Britney dropped me off so I don't have my car," Andrew said as he stood up. I nodded and stood up as well, grabbing the tarp and pulling it back over the wood. Andrew and Luke grabbed the other tarps, resetting the space. It felt cold and distant when everything was back, our perfect spot nothing more than an illusion. It made me sad.

Luke walked with us back to the front of the store. He stood in front of the glass door, the light spilling out onto the sidewalk and casting dark shadows across his face. He looked so tired, so broken. I hugged him tight, wishing I had a way to fix this. I wanted so badly to wave a magic wand and make his world bright again. As I let go of him, Andrew gave him a hug as well. The three of us stood there for a moment, all looking at one another, not really wanting to break apart. None of us wanted to be alone, but we had no reason to stay.

A customer opened the door and brushed past Luke breaking the spell. Luke sighed and went inside, turning the sign to closed. I could see him heading towards the register to start closing up for the night, but he turned and waved. Andrew and I waved back, and began walking to my car in the far corner of the lot. The streetlamp sputtered to life, the electrical hum filling the empty lot with light.

I unlocked the car door and Andrew slid into the passenger seat, kicking an empty grocery bag out from under his feet. The engine whirred to life, heat slowly trickling through the vents after an initial blast of cold air. I pulled onto the main street and began heading towards Andrew's house. We sat quietly until I turned onto his street, Andrew's house the last one on the block.

"Do you have to get home right away?" Andrew asked, breaking the silence. I shook my head and he smiled at me. That smile made my heart jump. "I don't want to go home yet. I haven't gotten to see you much since you got back. Can we just sit and catch up?"

I nearly slammed the brakes, but instead managed to pull over and park the car. I had forgotten the effect Andrew could have on me. He sighed, unbuckling his seat belt. I glanced over at him, wondering if he knew how much I had missed him. Missed just hanging out and being near him.

"Why don't you want to go home?" I asked, turning the music down to just a gentle murmur in the background. Andrew shrugged, looking out the window and playing with bag under his feet. "Come on, Andrew. You know you can always tell me anything."

"I got a letter in the mail today about my scholarship," he started slowly. He stared out the window, avoiding me. He sighed, his breath fogging up the window. "I didn't want to say anything around Luke. There was more than enough bad news for one day without me adding mine."

"What did the letter say?"

"My scholarship is going to expire. They gave me a grace period, with my dad dying and everything, but they can't save it for me any longer. If I don't go next fall, I lose it."

I let out my breath in a slow hiss. I knew Andrew dreamed of going to medical school someday. Ever since he helped a kid who broke his arm on the playground, he wanted to be a doctor. He was always looking up medical stuff and volunteering at a free clinic in the city. I always thought he would be halfway there by now, not still stuck in this small town and living with his mom.

"Why don't you go? Your mom would understand."

"I wish I could," he said. He sighed, before continuing. "Do you know what happened the last time I left my mom alone for a weekend, let alone long enough to go to school? She called the cops and reported me a missing person. She doesn't know how to be alone anymore. I can't leave," Andrew said sounding exasperated and tired. "She won't let me have my own life, but she doesn't even realize she's taking it."

He sounded so alone in the dark. So forlorn and lost. I wished I could take the pain away from his voice, absorb it into myself so he wouldn't have to have it anymore.

"I'm sorry," I said, saying the only thing I could think of. I could see his shadow shrug, his head slowly turning back towards me from the window.

"It's not your fault. I'm just so frustrated. The worst part is she doesn't even realize she is doing it. I hate that I'm stuck in this stupid town because she doesn't know how to be alone anymore. I hate it here. There is nothing I want here anymore," he said into the darkness. I was glad the darkness hid my features. Nothing I want here. I knew he didn't mean me, but I wanted to cry. The insinuation stung.

"I'm sorry," I repeated softly.

"I didn't mean it like that, Holly. I just, I just don't want to be here anymore. I want to get away from this place. Away from the memories. I feel like I am just spinning my wheels here while the world passes me by," he rubbed his forehead, trying to figure out how to say what he was trying to say. I stayed quiet this time, not really trusting my voice. Andrew could always tell when I had been crying, or was about to cry. It was like a superpower of his. An awkward silence started to fill the car, but before I was forced to reply, Andrew's phone began to wail.

"Hey Mom. No, I... I'm fine Mom. I'm actually with Holly, we just stopped to talk for a little bit... Mom says hi, Holly," he said as he leaned back in the seat. I could see his shoulders sag from an invisible weight as he spoke with his mother. "I'll be home in a little bit. Just turn the thermostat up a little... Yes, please start dinner. That sounds great, Mom." A moment later he put his phone back in his pocket and sighed.

"Tell me your troubles," I said turning towards him.

"What? No." He shook his head, his lips keeping the no going long after his voice.

"Come on. We used to talk all the time. Talk to me. If nothing else, vent. Get it out. No judging here. Everything stays in the car- you know the drill," I coaxed. He sighed and flung himself back into the seat. It took a moment, but he started talking.

"Mom 'forgot' to get the groceries again this week," he said flatly.

"I remember- I saw you at the store. You said she wasn't up for it," I nodded encouragingly.

He sighed and continued. I closed my eyes, imagining the scene he was laying out. I could see his mom, the layout of his house, the way their kitchen somehow always smelled of fresh bread.



Andrew set the last bag of groceries from the car on the floor of the kitchen, making sure he didn't track any mud into the house. Audrey, his mother, was busy putting them away as quickly as he brought them in. He began to help her, putting the milk in the fridge and shuffling around the contents to make room for the rest of the food.

"Thank you for getting the groceries, Andrew. After last night's shift, I just couldn't get going this today. Your dad used to do the grocery shopping for me- he would always buy something special for you, remember?" She stopped for a moment, her eyes going distant, as she drifted into the past.

"Yeah, I remember Mom. He would always get me a special cereal or dessert or something. How about I just plan on doing all the grocery shopping from now on? I can do it on my way home from work on Thursdays and that way and you don't have to worry about it," Andrew said as he put the eggs away.

"Oh no honey! I am the parent here. You shouldn't have to do that. I appreciate you doing it today, but I'll do it next time," Audrey said putting her hand on his shoulder. Andrew sighed. That was what she had said last time. And the time before that, and the time before that.

Andrew couldn't remember the last time she had actually gone to the grocery store. Every week she waited until the last moment to ask him to go for her. One week he had gone preemptively, figuring that she would back out yet again and send him off at the last minute; Audrey had been furious. She had screamed that she was the parent and how dare he do his father's duties. The memory made him cringe.

"Ok Mom. I'll be on the computer if you need me," he replied, turning to head for his room.

"I thought I would make chicken pot pie for dinner tonight. It was your father's favorite," she called out after him.

"Sounds good, Mom. The veggies are in the freezer," Andrew yelled back as he opened the door to his room. He could hear his mother rooting around in the kitchen for the various pans and supplies as she started dinner. He sighed again as he sat down at his computer desk and turned on his laptop. The fan whirred to life as he waited for it to boot, feeling beaten yet again by groceries.



"The groceries are just part of it. A symptom of the whole disease. She just can't get past this and she refuses to get help. I made her an appointment at a therapist, and she refused to go because she said, and I quote, 'I'm not sick Andrew! Nothing is wrong!' I think she lives in this world where Dad is just missing and will come home any day now," Andrew said into the dark, his voice full of anger and pain. I sat and listened to him vent about his mom, listening quietly as I thought about how his mom got to this point.

It had been almost two years since his dad died. Two days after high school graduation, Andrew's dad had gone to replace a power transformer and never came home. The last memory of his dad was talking to him that morning, his mouth full of cereal as they discussed his plans for college. Andrew had a scholarship to Colorado State University and plans to go on to medical school after that. Mr. Miller had been so proud of him. He had told everyone in town that his son was going to be a big fancy doctor someday, the biggest grin on his face.

Andrew was at my graduation party when a police officer arrived to get him and his mom. I can still see the haunted look on his face as the police cruiser took them away to the morgue. He told me later the coroner said his dad never felt anything, the electric shock was so strong. Andrew could never decide if that was true or if the coroner was just trying to comfort a grieving kid.

Charles Miller had been a good man. I remembered him working long hours, but always coming home to tuck Andrew in at night as a kid, even if he left right after to get back to work. He had loved Andrew more than anything in the world. Andrew had known that things between Charlie and his mother weren't perfect, but growing up he had always had two loving parents. His parents had a happy relationship, but even as a teenager, I had noticed that they were more friends than lovers.

Andrew's mom took Charlie's death really hard. I remembered her laying in bed for months after the accident, barely moving and refusing to eat. Andrew spent a lot of time at my house that summer, his own house too full of pain. Andrew had been incredibly grateful when my dad had helped him arrange the funeral, as his mother was in no condition to do it. Andrew had no idea if he wanted to be cremated or buried, and no concept of how to arrange any of it. When he had to sign the papers to release his father's body, he went with my dad. When my dad came home, his shoulder was damp with tears and he had tear marks on his own face. I never said anything about it, but I was glad someone had been there for him.

We were supposed to leave for college together, but when the water was turned off because Audrey forgot to pay it, he canceled his plans to go to college and took over. His father's life insurance paid off most of the mortgage, and Charlie had saved up enough to keep the lights on for a while. It had taken a lot of time, patience, and help from my dad, but Andrew had finally gotten his father's affairs in order and the bills sorted out.

When money started to get low, he told his mom it was time for her to go back to work. She seemed confused at first, but she had sat silently as he told her he was putting off school and getting a job at the local hardware store. He told her he would take care of her, but that he needed her help to make ends meet. He had called me that night because he could hear her crying through the walls.

The next morning, he woke up to find his mother making eggs in the kitchen. It was the first time she had seemed alive since the accident. A few days after that she resumed her job as a nurse at the local emergency clinic. Things had slowly gotten better after that, and he had even hoped that he might still be able to go to school. That hope was quickly dashed when he went away for a week to volunteer with the middle school's outdoor education program and came back to find his mother in the hospital after a nervous breakdown.

She had panicked being on her own, the fear of Andrew leaving her like Charlie did completely overwhelming her. She had even called me half a dozen times in a panic trying to find Andrew. No matter how many times I told her where he was, she didn't believe me. I had eventually sent my dad to check in on her. That's how she got to the hospital. She was certain Andrew was gone forever. It had taken a week to get her to go back to work, and another month before she was back to 'normal'.

"I don't want to stay stuck in this stupid town because Mom can't be alone. She wasn't like this when Dad was around. Gramma says she wasn't like this growing up- she used to be fearless. Now all she is just a giant ball of fear walking around in skin. I don't know what to do. I hate this," he finished softly, the energy gone from his voice.

A car passing by made the tear streaks on his face shine briefly. I hurt for him. Andrew was so much better than I could ever hope to be. He didn't deserve this. I put my hand on his shoulder, touching him gently to let him know he wasn't alone. I never wanted to let go.

"Andrew, I don't know if I can help at all. If I can, you let me know. If you want, I'll take her down to the city sometime if you want some time to yourself. Or whatever you need," I said gently. I could feel him take a deep breath, shuddering slightly as he let it out.

"That would be great. Actually, just getting to talk to someone about her is great. Thank you Holly. I know you don't want to be here, but I'm glad you're back. Next time, you get to spill your guts about why you're back; more than just 'things didn't work out'. But seriously, thanks for making me vent. I needed it," I could feel him move his hands through the dark to wipe his cheeks before placing his hand on mine. His hand was warm, his heat seeping into me, connecting us. The air seemed to crackle with potential. I started to move closer to him, wanting more of him, but his phone buzzed, discharging all the electricity in the air. He let go of my hand to pick it up, our connection broken.

"Mom, I told you I would be there soon... I'm fine, Mom. I'm with Holly, remember?" I sat back into my chair, feeling a strange thrill still lingering in my hand where he had touched me. I had never felt that kind of connection before. I could hear his mother over the phone, her electronic voice squeaking about dinner and worry. He put his hand over the mouthpiece and whispered, "Time to go."

I started the car back up, blasting the defroster to remove enough fog from the windows to drive. It wasn't far, and by the time I reached Andrew's house, I could see clearly. He hopped out of the car and walked slowly up to the front door. As he reached for the handle, his mom opened the door, a look of relief filling her features. She waved to me as I backed out of the driveway, the warm light from the house spilling out into the night. It looked exactly the same as when my dad used to drop Andrew off after soccer practice. It made me heartsick for simpler times as I drove home, remembering how simple life was when we were children.

Chapter 3

First some grass, then a bush, jumping to a twig, to old pine needles, then winding up the base of the dying pine, feasting on the dry fuel. The flames danced and played, gleefully jumping from grass to bush, feeding and consuming without end. The light grew brighter the more it fed, gray smoke beginning to cloud the stars.

"It is a shame to hear about that whole West divorce nonsense," Mrs. Thatcher told me as she put her groceries up on the conveyer belt. It was a slow enough day that I was grateful to have her in my line. Mrs. Thatcher was the local busybody. She knew the gossip about almost everyone almost as soon as it happened. She had lived in Conifer for as long as anyone could remember, and had been airing everyone's laundry for just as long.

"I never liked that Barbara," she confided in me as she put corn flakes up onto the belt. "Always too high and mighty for her own good. I never really understood why Ray married her, especially after he mooned after Audrey for so long. Barbara was never any good for him. In fact the other day-"

"What? What do you mean, Ray and Audrey? Audrey Miller?" Groceries piled up as the conveyer belt skid to a stop. Mrs. Thatcher looked up at me, surprised by my sudden interest. She looked like an owl, her big glasses magnifying her eyes and the feathers in her old-fashioned hat tipping over her face.

"Well, she certainly wasn't Audrey Miller back then. Back then she was Audrey Oscars," she said putting a bag of apples up.

"What did Ray West have to do with Audrey Oscars?" I questioned carefully, making sure I got the names right. I knew both of them had grown up in this town, but I never considered the idea that they might have known one another more than that.

"Ray West and Audrey Oscars were sweethearts. All through high school. The whole town thought they were going to get hitched. When Ray graduated high school, he got a job at the hardware store just so that he could wait for Audrey to graduate. I heard they were engaged, but they were waiting to get married because her daddy wouldn't consent until she was out of school," Mrs. Thatcher bobbed her head, the feathers swaying gently above her. My conveyer belt was still frozen, her cereal box clenched in my hands as I listened to her, nodding her on for more. The old woman seemed almost flustered at the sudden attention, but she continued, whispering in a loud conspiratorial tone.

"They were so sweet together, everyone was sure they would be married that summer she graduated. Something happened though, never did find out exactly what. That Audrey could be a feisty one when she wanted to be. The summer Audrey graduated, she went on off to college right away and left Ray all alone," she said as she leaned forward. I stood transfixed as she continued, enjoying having a rapt audience for once.

"Well, poor Ray was heartbroken. He had waited for her, and then she left him high and dry to go off and live the college life without him. That's when he got with Barb. I always thought it was his way of getting back at Audrey for leaving, but he married Barb that same year. Luke was born not long after that. Ray was never the same after Audrey left. I always thought they would get back together and work things out, but then Audrey came back to town carrying Charlie's child, so apparently neither one of them was too lonesome."

Mrs. Thatcher sniffed, looking at the full conveyer belt as I stood there holding her cereal and absorbing the information. She sniffed a little louder, giving me a pointed look. I jumped and scanned the box, my body going through the motions as my brain worked through what I just heard. Something in the story called to me, something important, an answer that was just dangling out of my reach, a solution to a problem I had been working on all day without realizing it.

I nearly dropped a can of beans on my foot as it hit me. Audrey and Ray. Audrey needed someone in her life to help keep her stable; Ray needed someone to balance out his hectic work life and give him a stronger home presence. If they fell in love again, they could solve each other's problems. It was perfect.

"You all right, Holly? You look like someone just doused you with cold water," Mrs. Thatcher said peering at me through her glasses. I grinned at her as I put the can of beans into her bag, feeling hope surge through me.

"I just had a great idea hit me, Mrs. Thatcher. Your total is $102.97."

"Oh, I have coupons dear," she said, digging into her purse, the feathers on her head bobbing up and down.

Audrey and Ray. It couldn't be too hard to get them back together, especially if they had been so close once. My fingers itched to pull out my phone and text Luke and Andrew my idea, but it still felt too new to share. I needed to have a plan before I told either one of them.

"Do you need any help out to your car today, Mrs. Thatcher?" I asked handing her the receipt.

"No dear, I'm fine. It was nice chatting with you," she chirped as she pushed her cart out towards the door. The feathers in her hat floated gently above her, her words echoing in my head. I glanced around to see if anyone was watching, and then pulled out my phone. I didn't want to wait, I had to tell someone. The text message was as straightforward as it could be, but every word brought me new excitement.

I have an idea that could help Luke.

I hit send, electric excitement pouring through me. I knew Andrew would be at work, but just sending him the message made me feel intoxicated with hope. This was going to be great. I let my brain buzz through ideas, glad to have something to think about other than myself.



This was not working.

I sat in a sea of crumpled paper, my chair a lone boat in an ocean of failed ideas. I had tried typing my ideas on how to get Audrey and Ray together on my computer, but it felt so impersonal. So, instead, I sat massaging my cramped fingers and staring at yet another blank page. I picked up the piece of paper and smashed it into a ball, tossing it towards the waste basket just to get it out of my face. I missed and it bounced off my dog's head. Shadow raised her head to smell it, her big brown eyes curious, but finding it nothing but frustrated ideas, resettled back into her nap.

It had seemed so easy at first glance. Audrey and Ray had fallen in love once, I knew they could do it again. I had buzzed through my shift, sprinted home and hopped on the computer for research. Fast forward two hours and I had no results. Everything I found was either too complex or too reminiscent of "The Parent Trap". I had no idea how to get these two people to fall in love, let alone how to get them in the same room. My balloon of excited hope was quickly deflating, reality a slow leak sinking it. My phone chimed, the noise startling me.

Just got your message. You have an idea to help Luke?

I stared at the message for a good minute, trying to decide if I should even tell him my idea. It sounded stupid now, and the last thing I wanted was for him to associate me with stupid. I regretted sending him the first message, but I had been so excited. Future me wanted to take away past me's phone.

I thought I did, but I don't think it is going to work.

It was a couple of minutes before my phone chirped.

That's because you always over think things. On my way over.

I tossed my phone onto my desk, grimacing at the thunk as it landed. It had seemed so simple. So deceptively simple. Get two people to fall back in love. People fall in love everyday, it couldn't be that hard. Yet, somehow, I could not come up with a plan to save my life. Frustration boiled up in my core, I could feel it rising the longer I thought about it.

"Seriously, you should lock your door. If I were robbing the place, I would have all the fancy silver by now," Andrew said walking nonchalantly into my room. I could tell he had just finished his workout at the gym. He had his dark blue sweats on over his gym shorts and t-shirt, the hair around his temples still damp with sweat. He knelt by Shadow and began rubbing her ears.

"Yeah, well my super smart guard dog would have ripped you to shreds," I retorted as Shadow's foot began to twitch with pleasure. Andrew sat down next to her on the floor, and she put her big yellow head into his lap. Shadow had always loved Andrew. I always thought she had good taste in men.

"So, what's this idea for Luke?"

I sighed. "Well, it isn't really all that great of an idea. Why are you over here anyway?"

"Didn't want to go home. No changing the subject- what's the idea?" he countered.

"Fine," I stuck my tongue out at him and took a deep breath. "I found out something at work today; Mrs. Thatcher was in my line. Did you know that your mom and Luke's dad were high school sweethearts?"

"Seriously?" he said. He thought about it, even going so far as to put his finger on his chin. "That explains some things. Remember that time in elementary school when Luke and I told everyone in school we were brothers. Now I finally get why Mom yelled at me. And all the weird looks from the neighbors. I guess it wasn't too far from the truth. If things had turned out differently, we would have been brothers," he said with a laugh.

"I remember. We were just starting second grade and I was pissed because you two wouldn't let me be your sister. Luke said it wasn't believable. Like you two were anything close to believable," I shook my head, smiling at the memory.

"So, they dated. How does this change anything?"

"From what I heard, it was more than just dating. Apparently they were engaged." I paused watching him carefully. "What if we got them back together?"

Andrew's hand stopped petting Shadow. She whined and bumped her nose against his hand, asking him politely to continue. He moved his hand absentmindedly across her head, and she settled back into his lap, contentment radiating out her furry body.

"You mean, what if we had my mom date Luke's dad?" His head tilted slightly and his eyebrows knitted together above his blue eyes.

"Yeah, we get them back together. If it worked, it could solve a lot of problems." I bit my lip, feeling stupid. His brows somehow pushed closer, so I continued. "If Ray had Audrey around, then that would make a better family life. Tyler could come back. If Audrey had Ray, then maybe she wouldn't need you so much, and you could go to school." I said with a shrug, waving my hand dismissively before continuing.

"That was my idea. But who am I kidding? It's a long shot and a lot of what if's. The more I think about it, the less and less it sounds like a good idea," I said, trying to dissociate myself from the idea. "Besides, I can't even come up with a way to get them back together that doesn't sound like a sugar hyped thirteen-year-old made it up. I'm sorry, it's a dumb idea."

He seemed to look past me, deep in thought. "You want to get Ray and my mom together," he stated. It wasn't a question that time.

"It's a stupid idea, and it won't-," I started, but he cut me off.

"No, it's not stupid. A little out of the box, but it would make a lot of things better. Besides, even if it fails miserably, what's the worst that can happen?" He paused, looking down. "The worst that can happen is that we're in exactly the same spot as we were before." He looked up at me, his blue eyes absorbing me. "Good idea, Holly."

Elation soared through me. I grinned, blushing at his praise. "I still have no idea how to make it work though."

"We'll come up with something. You and I are a good team. Luke may have some ideas too. You don't have to come up with all the answers every single time, Holly." He smiled at me, and I couldn't help but smile back. "So, I think our first step is to figure out how to get Mom and Ray in the same room. Then we can go from there."

"But what if we get them in the same room, but they don't talk? Or they do talk, but nothing happens? What if they-"

"What if they see each other and decide to run off to Vegas that very night and get married by Elvis? You are thinking way too hard about this. We get them in a room. We find a way to get them talking. Once that happens, then we can figure out what to do next; we can't make plans until we know what they are going to do. I honestly have no clue how Mom is going to react to seeing Ray. She still misses Dad a lot," he sighed. Shadow groaned and nudged him with her head again. He smiled down at her and started rubbing her ears again.

"Okay. First things first then. How do we get them in a room?" I leaned back in my chair, playing with a pencil.

"Easy. How do you get anyone to go somewhere at a specific time? You invite them," he said, smiling.

"You have an idea already, don't you?"

"Since you went off on your what if's. But I wanted to make you feel included." Andrew smiled apologetically at me. I threw one of the crumpled papers at him. He caught it easily, laughing at my attempt.

"Fine. What's your plan then, Einstein?" I asked, swishing my chair back and forth.

"Easy. My mom and I are going to ask Luke and Ray to dinner. Or rather Luke and I will bring our parents to our dinner," he said as he grinned mischievously up at me. I shook my head at him, grinning back.

"Do you mind if we get Britney and Eli involved too?" I asked, an idea forming.

"The more the merrier I guess. They might have some good ideas. Why?"

"If you take them to The Three Amigos, then Britney can be your waitress and Eli and I can sit nearby. That way we can listen in and see if we can come up with the next step."

"You are brilliant," he said as his eyes sparkled at me, somehow bluer than I had seen in a long time. I grinned, feeling the blush coming back. "Hey, Holly. Thank you."

"For what? This is all just theoretical right now. I don't know if this is going to work. We all could just end up making fools of ourselves," I said as I looked at him, but he just kept smiling at me.

"Holly, I have been dreading the next few months, knowing that I was going to have to give up my scholarship. Just knowing that I was going to be stuck here making sure that the heat stays on for my mom while my dreams passed me by was killing me. You just gave me something I didn't think I would get to have again: hope. Something I can do to fix this. I have tried everything I can think of, but this is the first time that it actually looks like things might get better," he paused, his face lightening. He looked younger, less worn. "I have wanted to leave so badly. It hurts just thinking about it sometimes. This could be the solution."

"I don't know if this will even work. I don't want to get your hopes up too much," I said, sitting quietly for a moment, watching him pet my dog.

"It's something. Even if it doesn't work, it is something. A plan, a possibility. It is so much better than not having anything," he said. His hand stopped petting Shadow's head and stayed still. "Thank you, Holly."

I beamed. Andrew always made me feel special.

"You're welcome. How does tomorrow at six sound?" I asked opening my phone. He nodded, his hand resuming petting Shadow's soft fur. "I'll make reservations with Britney. Do you want to call Luke and invite him to dinner?"

Andrew grinned and picked up his phone.

Chapter 4

A fox sniffed the air, turning tail at the acrid smell. Rabbit noses twitched as they debated running or hiding from the implacable foe. A small black bear raised up on his hind paws, sniffing the air before lumbering away. Two deer hurried past the bear, the fear of flames gleaming in their dark eyes. The crackle and pop of the fire chased them all slowly, eating away at their homes without mercy.

I got to the restaurant early, sliding into a seat at the corner of the bar. I shrugged out of my jacket, hanging it on the back of my chair. It was warm in the restaurant, and I soaked up the heat after coming in from the cold. The night sky outside threatened snow, and the temperature was dropping quickly.

"Hey, honey. You ready for tonight? I almost feel giddy, like I'm in on a big secret," Britney said with a giggle as she slipped behind the bar. She handed me a diet coke, leaning against the bar. I grinned at her.

"I'm a little nervous, and I'm not even the one doing anything," I said, sipping on my soda.

"You and me both. Can I get an order of nachos?" Eli answered right behind me. I jumped, startled since I hadn't seen him come in.

"I already put your order in. They'll be out in five minutes. You two should go to your booth- they should be here soon," Britney said, glancing towards the entrance of the restaurant.

I grabbed my drink and I scooted off to the booth with Eli. I sat with my back to the table where Andrew and Luke were going to be, but I could see everything in the mirror hanging on the wall. It was an advertisement for some sort of tequila, but it meant that I would be able to see their reflections and be close enough to hear the conversation. Britney carefully set a bowl of chips and salsa on the table, making sure we were all settled. We were going to be her easiest table that night.

Eli shifted in his seat as Andrew and his mom walked in. Audrey hung her coat on the back of her chair, shaking some snow out of her dark brown hair. She looked relatively calm and relaxed, making me wonder if Andrew had told her exactly who they were meeting for dinner. Andrew sat next to her, playing with the napkin rolled utensils. He caught my eye in the mirror and smiled, but he looked nervous. My foot started to tap nervously.

Luke walked in next, dusting the snow off his shoulders and stomping his feet on the entryway carpet. Ray was close behind, rubbing his hands up and down his arms. The restaurant was relatively quiet for a weekday evening, but Luke was still careful as he slipped between tables to sit across from Andrew. Audrey had her nose deep in the menu and didn't see them walk up to the table. Ray noticed her first, freezing at his chair, his jacket still on, staring at Audrey. I couldn't see his face, but it was obvious Luke hadn't told Ray that Audrey was going to be there.

Luke's chair scraped against the floor as he sat down and opened the menu, Audrey lowering hers to greet him. Her face paled, flushed, and paled again as she became painfully flustered. Ray sat down slowly, his jacket still on as he picked up a menu and carefully hid behind it. Audrey turned towards Andrew and shot him a look. 'If looks could kill', I thought. Her whole face distorted with displeasure. Andrew dove behind his menu, using it like a shield against his mother's glare.

"Ray, how nice to see you. Andrew didn't tell me you were joining us. He just said dinner with Luke." Audrey's voice was polite, but cold.

"Luke forgot to mention you as well," Ray answered with equal politeness, turning his head slightly to glare at Luke. Luke sat nonchalantly looking at his menu, running a finger down the list of burritos.

"I think I am going to get the # 17 combo tonight. What are you all getting?" Luke asked the table, lowering his menu and smiling like it was the most natural thing in the world.

"I think I am getting the #4, with chicken. Though that #17 does sound pretty delicious. Would anyone like to split some guacamole with me?" Andrew chirped back, flipping back and forth between two pages. There was a moment of silence as he waited for an answer, but both parents just stared intently at their menus pretending the other didn't exist. I could hear the sports reporter mumbling on the tv in the bar.

"The guac here is pretty good- I'll have some. Dad and I like mixing it with the salsa," Luke said, trying to restart the conversation. The two parents hid silently behind their menus. Andrew and I exchanged worried glances through the mirror. This wasn't going as well as we had hoped.

"Welcome Millers and Wests! What can I get you all to drink?" Britney asked cheerfully as she put chips and salsa down on the table.

"Margarita for me, please," Luke requested a little too quickly, his tone betraying his confident attitude. Britney nodded, writing it on her pad and waited for the others.

"Water," Ray and Audrey both answered at the same time. Neither one looked up off their menus. Andrew sighed and ordered a lemonade and the guacamole. Britney smiled her waitress smile, exchanging looks with Andrew and Luke. Luke nodded slightly and Britney headed towards the kitchen. I watched their silence in the mirror, trying to think of something that would help the situation.

"Nachos," Britney broke in cheerfully, placing the big plate in front of Eli. He licked his lips and dug in, cheese and re-fried beans spilling onto the table. I shook my head, and looked up at Britney.

"I think some tequila is needed," I said quietly.

She nodded, leaning in to whisper. "Bartender is already on it. I told him make it a double." She glanced behind her at their table, Audrey and Ray still hidden by menus. She shook her head, and headed to the bar picking up the waters, lemonade, and guacamole.

"Here's your guacamole. Margaritas on the way, but I thought I would get your orders into the kitchen," Britney said to the table, getting her pen ready. Andrew started and Britney jotted down their orders and took their menus. Without their menu shields, Audrey and Ray looked uneasily around the room, avoiding any sort of contact.

"This feels awkward even from over here," Eli whispered to me. I nodded sipping on my drink. I suddenly felt like putting my coat over my shoulders; the ice between Audrey and Ray was chilling the whole room. Britney hurried off to the kitchen, Andrew and Luke trying to keep a conversation going, but stalling on the lack of input.

"Alright folks, three margaritas," Britney said as she returned to the table, cheerfully setting the giant cups down on the table.

"I didn't order a margarita," Audrey said slowly. Britney played her part perfectly, her smile falling off her face like she truly had made a mistake.

"Oh no! Well, I can't bring them back to the bar," she bit her lip and pouted. "I guess they are on me then. Enjoy!" Britney grabbed an empty chip bowl and darted away before they could say anything.

Audrey and Ray stared at the drinks for a full minute before Audrey reached out and grabbed one taking a sip. Ray followed suit, taking a long draw on his straw. Their silence was deafening. Instead of talking, the two just sat sipping their margaritas, pretending the other person didn't exist.

A big man walked by, recognizing Ray and interrupting the silence. He put his hand on Ray's shoulder and boomed, "Ray West- it's good to see you. How ya doing? I heard about the divorce- been there. Sucks."

Ray turned slowly to face him, making a grimacing smile, trying to be polite but obviously uncomfortable at being called out. The big man continued, oblivious to Ray's discomfort, "Some of the guys are getting together for the game tomorrow, if you're interested. Get ya away from it all."

"Thanks, Nate. I'll give you a call later to let you know," he said quickly, taking a sip of his drink. He squirmed slightly in his chair as the big man grinned and said goodbye. Audrey eyes followed Nate as he walked to the bar and greeted another group of people, inviting them to the game as well. She bit her lip as she processed her thoughts. She moved her straw to the side and took a big gulp of her drink, a sprinkle of salt sticking to her cheek as she set the glass down.

"You got a divorce?" Audrey asked.

"Yeah," Ray answered slowly, surprised that Audrey was speaking to him. "I thought the whole town knew by now."

"I didn't know. I'm sorry to hear it. I thought you and Barb were happy," Audrey said carefully. She looked up thoughtfully at him, her face losing the hard edges and disdain. I noticed her margarita glass was half empty, so I caught Britney's eye and made a drinking motion. She winked and scuttled off to the bar for refills.

"Apparently not happy enough. But thank you for your concern," Ray replied, his voice unreadable. The table went quiet again, but it didn't feel quite as cold anymore. Ray cleared his throat and asked politely, "I hear you're working at the clinic?"

"Just part time right now. I was thinking I might start teaching one of the nursing assistant classes down at the community college though," she smiled at him. I cheered a little that the ice was breaking between them. I could have run over and kissed Nate for getting them started. Andrew's face in the mirror was priceless. The look of surprise was adorable.

"You would make a great teacher," Ray's words slurred a little, but Audrey didn't notice. She batted her eyelashes at him. "No really, you would," he flirted. I wished I could see Luke's face, because his back was stiff as a board, as though someone had poured cold water down his spine. Between his back and Andrew's expression, I was having a hard time not laughing at their reactions to their parent's sudden attempts at flirting.

I relaxed back into the seat, watching with amusement as the two parents talked like they were back in grade school. I kept expecting Ray to get up and pull Audrey's ponytail at any moment. Audrey sipped gently on her straw, laughing at any joke Ray told. I had never really thought of her as pretty before, but as she sat smiling at Ray, I could see why both Ray and Mr. Miller had fallen for her. That's when it struck me- I had never seen her smile like that before. It was her smile that made her beauty, and when she put it on, she was gorgeous.

Britney came with their food and fresh drinks, whisking the empty glasses away. Audrey and Ray never even questioned where the new drinks came from, they were so caught up in one another. Andrew flashed me a smile before digging into his burrito, Luke turning around to grin at the mirror as well. I wanted to get up and dance around the bar. My idea was working!

Eli grinned and offered me what was left of his nachos. I grabbed a chip, suddenly feeling hungry. Things were suddenly going better than I could have hoped. I knew there was still a long way to go, but the first step had been taken. The spark had been lit!



"Do you have any idea how much my mom's head hurts right now? She is in this miserable yet happy state. It's awesome," Andrew said into his phone, laughing. It sounded good to hear him laugh.

"They were both drinking like tequila was about to be outlawed. I wonder how Ray is doing. He got sloshed- It's a good thing you guys left when you did. Ray put on a sombrero and threatened to dance on the bar," I said giggling into the phone. "Luke says he's never seen him that drunk before."

"I've never seen my mom flirt like that before. I nearly died when she started playing footsie with me," his laughter was infectious.

"So that's what that 'oh my god!' face was for!"

"That, and then Ray started playing footsie with me too!" Andrew snorted as he laughed, making me laugh harder. I hadn't felt this relaxed and happy in a long time.

"So what happens next?" I asked when I finally caught my breath, my sides aching from laughing so hard.

"Ray already asked Mom if she would like to do something this weekend," I could hear the smile in his voice.

"That's awesome!" I exclaimed, jumping up from my bed to walk around the room.

"I know. I think Luke put him up to it, but he still texted this morning saying he had a great time and if she wanted to do something this weekend. The details still need to be worked out, but it's progress," he said. I could hear him opening the refrigerator and pulling milk out and pouring it over cereal.

"I have an idea. Have you heard of the Winter Carnival they are holding this weekend at the ice skating lake in Evergreen?" I heard the milk thud onto the counter.

"I went last year. It was great, really romantic in the evening. It's perfect- Holly, you are a genius. Why'd you ever leave school? They should have just given you a degree," he said, his smile carrying through on his voice. The mention of school made me go cold.

"Great. I have to go, Andrew. I'll call you later," I said quickly and hanging up. Andrew's offhand comment made my good mood vanish quicker than lightning. I knew he didn't mean anything by it, but more than anything, I didn't want Andrew to know how badly I had botched my life. Better for him to think it was my decision than for him to know the truth.

I set my phone down on my nightstand and lay down on my bed, hiding my head under the blankets as the memories of my failure washed over me. I hated myself for screwing everything up. Shame covered me like a heavy blanket, smothering and suffocating. I wished I could just erase the last year of my life, just go back and redo it. So many mistakes. So many soul crushing mistakes.

My phone binged. Luke loves the idea of Winter Carnival.

Awesome! It was so easy to sound happy over a text.

Bing. You want to go? My heart skipped a beat, temporarily making me forget my shame. Andrew was asking me out to a romantic winter festival? I sat staring at the glowing screen in the dark of my blanket fort, trying to figure out why my heart was pounding in my chest. He was my friend. Just my friend. But...

Bing. There is a wine tasting there. Mom says I have to be the designated driver (especially after last night). You want to keep me company?

I let out a sigh of relief, feeling a strange twinge of regret settle deep in my chest. Andrew was my best friend. Nothing more. We had promised one another a long time ago that we would never go down that road, and we weren't going to. I took a deep breath and let it out, trying to get the regret out of my lungs. It hung like a mist under the blanket, so I threw off the blanket, letting the sun dispel the rest. Things always felt better in the sunshine.

Sure. I have this weekend off anyway. We'll have fun!

I tossed the phone on my bed, deciding that I needed a shower. A shower and coffee. I started thinking of the Winter Carnival. I imagined the possibilities that could happen if this went well for Audrey and Ray. Would Audrey wear a white wedding dress? I thought mint green would be better for a second marriage, but she would look beautiful in pink. I felt better thinking about them than ruminating on my past. I wanted to leave my past as far behind me as possible. I grinned as I wrote the date down on my calendar and went to start the water.

Chapter 5

Smoke trickled into the sky, blotting out the stars. A young mother smelled smoke, cradling her child closer to her breast. Two teens stopped their kissing to wonder why the sky seemed darker. A father checked on his young son, sleeping soundly in his bed, his brow pushed together as he worried for his family. A car stopped on the side of the road, flames reflecting in the dark windows. The light of a phone lit the interior, the cry for help beginning.

I put on my warm winter boots and my nice hunter green wool pea coat. I decided that I wanted to look pretty, even if it meant I wasn't quite as warm as if I wore my heavy winter coat.

"You look nice," my dad said watching me as I put on a hat and scarf.

"Thanks, Daddy. Can you hand me my bag?"

"Sure. You're going out with Andrew tonight, right? When are you thinking you'll be home?" Dad asked nonchalantly. Since I had come home he had been trying hard not to slip back into his protective ways; I really appreciated him letting me be an adult even though I was living at home. It was hard on him, but luckily I didn't do much other than work nowadays.

"Yes, I'm keeping Andrew company. We'll be home whenever Mrs. Miller and Mr. West decide that they want to come home. I'll call if we're going to be later than ten," I said smiling at him as he handed me my bag. He smiled but I could see a curtain of worry cover his face.

"I guess if Audrey and Ray are with you, you won't get into much trouble," he said slowly.

"I think it is Mr. West and Mrs. Miller that you need to worry about getting into trouble," I winked at him. He laughed, but the ever present worry never left his eyes. I could see Andrew pull up in the driveway, so I kissed Dad on the cheek and headed out the door. Audrey was already in the backseat, so I took the front and waved to my dad in the window as we pulled out. Luke's house was next, and we had barely turned into the driveway when Ray opened the door.

He looked handsome. I had known him for most of my life, but I had never actually realized that he was an attractive man. He was always just Luke and Tyler's dad, a fixture in their home and the shop; much like no one ever looks at their doorknobs, no one ever looks at them, they just know that they are always there.

Ray had gotten his blonde hair cut in a military style that accented his jawline and cheekbones, making his hazel eyes look bigger and brighter than I remembered. I had never even really noticed the color of his eyes before, but today, they caught my attention. He was grinning from ear to ear as he slid into the seat next to Audrey.

The two of them made sure there was an appropriate distance between them, but I could see them casting glances and giggling in the rear-view mirror. It was like watching two teenagers in the back of their parent's car trying not to get noticed. I looked over at Andrew and he just rolled his eyes and started backing out of the driveway. In order to ignore the blatant flirting and giggling in the backseat I turned on the radio. Elton John's "Your Song" blared out of the speakers.

"It's our song!" Audrey and Ray cried from the backseat. Andrew and I exchanged glances as they began to sing along with the lyrics. I was glad when it ended, other than the fact that the two of the began making lovey noises in the backseat.

"Don't make me come back there. I want to see hands," Andrew growled at them glancing in the backseat.

"Isn't that our line?" Ray asked as they both held up their hands. Audrey giggled.

A few minutes later, Audrey had her face plastered against the window. "Oh there's the lake! It's so pretty! I haven't been out here since Andrew was a little boy," she squealed from the backseat. I marveled at how she could sound like a mother and like an excited child at the same time.

We pulled into the main lot, showing the attendant our tickets. He waved us to a spot near the edge of the lot. Ray hopped out of the car, running around to open the door for Audrey, an exaggerated bow as he held it open. She giggled, and curtseyed, her eyes shining with amusement.

"Alright you two kids," Andrew began with mock seriousness. "We will meet back here at 9pm. If you are going to be late, call or text. If I don't get either and it is past 9, you are both grounded for a week." Audrey and Ray laughed like little kids before agreeing and running off towards the ice skating area.

Andrew shook his head watching them, then turned to me. "Well, what should we do while we wait for the little love birds?"

"Spy on them," I responded looking as innocent as possible. He grinned and tapped his fingers under his chin like an evil villain, giving a laugh fit for a black and white movie. I laughed and we headed towards the Lake House.

The lake was beautiful. It had snowed for the first time in weeks the night before and the world was a winter wonderland. The frozen lake stretched out under snow covered hills, evergreen trees standing like silent observers dressed in white. A large log cabin style building gazed out at the plowed lake, the windows glowing cheerfully and welcoming visitors inside. Small figures glided and danced on across the silver lake, joyful shrieks filling the air.

I could see Audrey and Ray lacing up their skates at the edge of the skating area, the two of them laughing and joking like lovestruck teenagers. They looked so young and carefree as they wobbled out onto the ice.

Andrew and I stood on the deck of the Lake House, watching the two adults play on the ice. Ray tried to show off and skate backwards, slipping and falling onto his butt. Audrey inched toward him, unsteady on her skates until she reached him. She stuck out her hand to help him up, but when he grabbed it, instead of pulling himself up, he pulled her down on top of them. She shrieked with mock anger, running her hand along the ice and tossing the small snow crystals at his face. Ray's baritone laugh boomed across the lake as he got up and helped her back to her feet. She looked up at him in adoration as he took her hand and worked her back out onto the ice, making sure she was steady on her feet as they moved forward.

"She looks so happy," I murmured, glancing over at Andrew. He was leaning up against the railing, his blue eyes focused on the skating couple on the ice. The wind ruffled his hair, his cheeks bright from the cold.

"She told me she was furious when she first saw Ray at the restaurant," he said, looking out at them."She said she has avoided him ever since Dad died because she didn't want to feel something he couldn't return. She thought he was happy with Barb and she didn't want to get in the way of that. She thought not seeing him would spare everyone heartache. When she heard he was divorced, she felt like she had a second chance." He turned towards me, his eyes catching mine and refusing to let go. "Thank you, Holly, for giving her that."

I blushed and looked at my boots on the wooden deck, his praise warming me down to my toes. "It wasn't just me, you know. You and Luke have just as much to do with this as I did. I don't deserve credit for this. Honestly, your mom and Ray deserve the credit- they're the ones doing all the hard work."

"This is the happiest I have seen her since Dad died. I caught her singing while she made dinner last night, and she only called me at work twice to make sure I was alright," Andrew said, his eyes watching them again.

A woman in a fur trimmed coat bumped into me, pushing me against Andrew. He caught me easily, his hands strong on my arms, his body solid against mine. I looked up and his blue eyes twinkled back at me as he helped me back to my feet. His eyes made the blue sky seem dull in comparison and I knew I could get lost in them. The woman apologized and continued on her way, but I could still feel his heat through my coat. I blushed and smoothed my coat, both of us laughing at the near accident.

"You want some cocoa? They make the best stuff here," he offered, running a glove through his hair. I nodded and he disappeared into the house, weaving in and out of the growing crowd.

I turned back to the lake, my breath frosting the air. The sun was starting to set, turning the fresh snow a golden red as it pulled the blanket of mountains up over its head. Below me on a second tier of the deck, a bonfire popped and crackled, the smoke rising gently into the darkening sky. I watched the dark tendrils fade into the oncoming twilight, feeling peaceful.

A murmur rose from the crowd as lights turned on over the ice. They had placed colored lights around the skating areas, making the ice and snow light up like a fairy land. The house behind me streamed out a warm, welcoming light towards the lake, beckoning cold skaters in from the cold.

I could see Audrey and Ray, hand in hand making slow circles on the lake. They projected a happiness I didn't know was possible. I wondered what had driven them apart so long ago; watching them fall in love for the second time was like getting to watch magic. I didn't know how it was happening, but I didn't want to take my eyes away from it for a second.

"Hot chocolate for the lady," Andrew's voice cutting through my thoughts. I turned and took the hot Styrofoam cup in my hands, breathing in its aroma. Chocolate, frost, and pine smoke all mixed in a delicious medley that would forever remind me of winter in the mountains.

The crowd was beginning to grow on the deck, and it pushed Andrew and me together. I could feel him against me, steady and strong as waves of people moved across the deck. This close to him, I could smell his cologne. He had always smelled good to me, the cologne the same he wore since high school. It was something his dad had picked out for him after catching him with the junk the other high school boys were wearing. He smelled like clear water with just a hint of musk, masculine and strong. Whenever I smelled it, I thought of him.

"The lady at the counter said there is supposed to be fireworks tonight," he said sipping on his cup. He pointed up to the clear sky where stars were starting to twinkle. "Good night for it."

"You think our lovebirds will even notice?" I said as I gestured towards the lake.

"I think they are already seeing fireworks," he grinned at me. I looked back out to the lake, but I could no longer find the happy couple. "Where'd they go?"

"They were there a minute ago. What time is it?" I glanced at my watch to see over an hour had gone by without me noticing it. Andrew had that effect on me. "The wine tasting has started. You want to go skate?"

"Let's eat first. I saw one of those foodie trucks on the other side of the building when I got the hot chocolate. It smelled delicious," he suggested. I nodded and we began working our way through the crowd towards the truck.

We stood in line for a couple of minutes, the smell of hamburgers and bacon filling our thoughts. When we finally got our food, we found a quiet spot off a snowbank and sat devouring the tasty meal. We sat in the snow joking and laughing until my feet felt numb. Andrew stood first, offering a hand to help me stand.

"Ready to skate? I remember you used to be pretty good," he said with a grin.

"If by good, you mean that I have a lot of skill at falling on my butt properly, then yeah, I'm pretty good," I said dusting the snow off my coat. He laughed and we headed back to the lake, stopping at the Lake House to pick up skates.

I was worse than I remembered. Within putting my skates on and taking two steps, I was down on my backside with tears in my eyes from the impact. Andrew smiled apologetically at me as he skated perfectly to my side, giving me his hand to get up. I stood up slowly, splaying my legs like a colt just learning to walk, refusing to let go of his hand. He pulled me in close to him, his body giving me balance.

"You can do this, just glide across the ice. One foot out, good, now push and move the other," he coached gently. His breath was warm on my cheek, and I had to force myself to concentrate on the ice rather than how wonderful he smelled, on how well his hands fit in mine, the way his voice sounded. I couldn't go down that road. I moved slowly, awkwardly across the ice, my legs sluggishly learning the motion. Even as I started moving across the ice more smoothly, I held his hand. In his hand was safety.

We skated the circle once, and I was feeling more confident in my ability to at least stay standing. I let go of his hand, ready to try it on my own, and pushed out ahead of him. I glanced over my shoulder, grinning at my independence, his returning smile making me blush.

I tried my best to skate gracefully, making it almost the full circle before stumbling on my skates. I felt the pit of my stomach rise up into my throat as my hands flailed at the air, my legs slipping out from under me. I never hit the ground. Andrew caught me before I fell, his arms wrapping around me and keeping me up when I was sure I was going to fall. He held me, my legs finding their way back underneath me but my knees turning to jelly. He smelled so good.

"Well, I'll let the hockey team know that you won't be ready this season, but maybe next year," he joked, holding me for a moment longer than necessary before letting me go. My heart fluttered in my chest, and I was glad it was dark enough he couldn't see the blush burning on my cheeks.

"I think I'm done for a little while. Besides, the fireworks are supposed to start soon," I said trying to regain my composure. I knew if I stayed out on the ice with him, I would fall on purpose just so he would catch me.

"Yeah, um. I'd like to do a couple laps. How about you go get us a spot? I'll come find you," he said quickly, not waiting for me to answer before taking off. I looked after him perplexed. I shook my head as I slowly stepped my way back to return my skates. I could see him zooming around the ice, going faster and faster, but always in control.

After returning my skates and getting my boots back on, I found a spot on the deck big enough for two against the railing. It was only a couple of minutes before Andrew found me, his cheeks red from the cold. He leaned against the railing, his breath frosting the night sky as we waited for the fireworks to start. I rubbed my hands up and down my arms, regretting my choice of jacket. Now that the sun had set, and I wasn't moving, I was getting cold.

Andrew's brows pushed together for a moment as he watched me, then with a shake of his head, he moved behind me and wrapped his arms around me. The heat was instantaneous and not just from his arms. His cologne filled my nostrils, his body strong and warm behind me. I knew I should break away, to just deal with the cold rather than let myself feel these feelings stirring within me, but I couldn't. I wanted to be close to him, I wanted to feel him touch me.

The lights in the Lake House dimmed and slowly turned off, the dark enveloping us. I looked up to the sky, feeling his breath on my neck. The stars twinkled in the clear sky, constellations and planets dancing their eternal dance. A splash of light lit the sky, followed by another and another. Colors exploded against the stars, streaming fire from the sky. The crowed oohed and ahhed as the night sky filled with color.

I barely noticed the colors streaming from the sky, my attention on Andrew. His arms held me tight, his warmth seeping into me and making my body ache for something I knew I could never have. I let myself believe for a moment, one beautiful moment, that this could work. That we could be more than friends. That I could kiss him, touch him, have him. That I could surrender myself to him and not be afraid of the consequences.

The sky was aflame with color for a glorious instant, then only streams of sparkling smoke and twinkling stars remained. The booms still echoed through the night, a rolling thunder following the man made lightning. I turned my head slowly, feeling Andrew's breath along my cheek. His lips were so close to mine, I could almost feel them. I wanted to taste those lips, red and open just centimeters from mine. He leaned in closer.

His lips were soft against mine. I wanted to merge into him, to never leave this moment. He tasted sweet, like cocoa and sunshine. My heart thudded with happy excitement and I pressed in closer.

The lights in the Lake house turned on, flooding the deck with artificial light. The moment was broken, and Andrew dropped his hands quickly to his sides, releasing me. In the harsh light, I couldn't believe I had kissed him. I pulled my hat down low on my head, feeling my cheeks burn. I couldn't look at him, and instead put my hands on the balcony, hoping he didn't see how badly they shook.

The crowd dispersed on the deck, leaving the two of us standing awkwardly looking out at the lake. I fidgeted with my scarf, trying to figure out what to say. Andrew's phone chimed, saving both of us from having to speak first.

"Mom says they are at the car. They'll meet us there at nine," he read from his phone. I nodded looking at my watch. If we walked slowly, we would reach the car just at nine. I stuck my hands in my pockets and suggested we head towards the car. Andrew agreed and we starting walking, the silence uncomfortable between us. The snow squeaked under my boots as we searched for the car, the lights of the Lake House far away.

"Holly, I..." Andrew started, but as I turned to look at him he stopped with a confused look on his face. "That's just gross."

I spun to see what he was looking at, and at first all I saw was the car. With the windows fogged. And a hand print on the back windshield.

"I hope that's the only part of Titanic they are recreating," I said slowly. Andrew snorted and we inched slowly to the car, Andrew hanging back as we got close. I decided to be the bold one, and marched over to the car, knocking on the window.

I heard voices shushing and giggling as I waited. A moment later the window rolled down, and I could see Audrey and Ray in the backseat. Ray had lipstick smeared across his cheek and on his collar. Audrey's shirt was on backwards. I gave my best disapproving look, and walked around to the passenger side door. Andrew and I slid into the car, turning the defroster on high to clear the windows. Audrey and Ray kept whispering in the backseat, Ray's arm wrapped protectively around her.

"How was the wine tasting?" I asked trying to break the silence.

"Wonderful. We found this wine that we used to drink in high school," Audrey started immediately.

"It was just as awful now as it was then!" Ray interrupted, sending them both into a giggle fit. I decided to give up and just turned on the radio. They continued to tell us all about the wine tasting and the fireworks, laughing as Andrew drove up the winding road. I listened absentmindedly, glad they were filling the car with words that I didn't have to respond to, my mind lost in fireworks.

Chapter 6

Red engines lined the road, spraying precious water at the blaze. Black patches of burned grass hissed and steamed, still defiant against the hoses even as they sputtered. The flames still leaped and danced, their light highlighting the concern filling the fire chief's face. It was already too late, the flames had too much of a head start. He knew the flames would win the battle tonight, but he called for more men to fight the war.

I fidgeted with my gloves, gathering up my courage to get out of my car and go inside the hardware store. My dad had asked me to pick him up some supplies and I didn't have a good reason not to go. I thought Andrew was sure to be working. It wasn't that I didn't want to see Andrew, it was that I was nervous to see him. I shouldn't be nervous, nothing happened.

Nothing happened. I repeated it to myself, hoping the repetition would convince me. Nothing happened. I closed my eyes, but I could still smell his cologne, feel his body push into mine, his arms holding me tight. His lips were so close.

Nothing happened.

I sighed. Dad was going to expect me home sometime before the end of the week. I had to go in.

I walked slowly to the door, opening it and hearing the familiar bell announce my arrival.

"Hey Holly, how did your night at the Winter Carnival go? Andrew said it was a huge success," Luke grinned setting a pile of hammers on the counter. I smiled back at him, wondering exactly what Andrew had told him.

"Um, it was great. I thought Andrew was working today," I said cautiously. I couldn't see Andrew telling Luke we had kissed, but I wasn't sure. Besides, Nothing Happened.

Luke looked at me like I was slightly batty, but then he shrugged and started putting the hammers up on a shelf. "We switched shifts today, so I didn't get to talk to him for long. So tell me about the Carnival," he demanded, a hammer in each hand.

Luke was the person who had come up with the original promise to never date amongst ourselves. It wasn't so much a promise not to date, but more a promise that we wouldn't trade in our friendships for a fling. The brief kiss that Andrew and I shared didn't violate the promise, it was just skirting along the edge of it. We hadn't broken the actual promise, but I had a feeling Luke wouldn't see it that way. He had a strong sense of right and wrong, and kissing your friends after promising you would never get involved with them was wrong in his eyes.

"Um, well, we watched Audrey and Ray fall all over themselves flirting, then we ate, ice-skated, and saw fireworks," I said, intentionally being vague.

"Wow, what amazing detail," he said sarcastically. "Come on, give me details!"

Sure, let me tell you how I kissed my best friend. Let me tell you how good he smelled, and how strong he felt as he kept me warm. That's going to make me your favorite customer of the day.

"Well, we caught your dad and Audrey making out in the parking lot," I said slowly.

"Seriously?" He stopped with a hammer gripped in his hand, as though he had completely forgotten about it.

"Yeah, I felt like a cop at Lover's Lane. He had his hand down her shirt and everything," I replied.

"That is so awesome! And gross. So gross. But awesome!" he said laughing and making a face at the idea. I laughed as well, glad to have found a safe topic. "So, what is the next step of Operation Love?"

I shrugged. "I'm not really sure. They have just taken off. It's like they are back in high school with high school hormones. I'm not sure we have to do anything at this point other than make sure they don't implode."

Luke nodded and grinned. "I've never seen him this happy. I mean, he is stupid happy. He actually let me do the inventory this month. I've been begging him to let me do it- to get it done electronically. Today he decided I could do it so he could go on this date. This is so awesome Holly. I don't know if it is going to help get Tyler back home, but it is certainly making my life better. I can't thank you enough."

"Why is everybody thanking me for this? I didn't do anything! But I am glad it is working out so well," I said, smiling.

Luke finished setting the hammers on their shelf and helped me find the supplies for my dad. Luke didn't bring up Andrew again, and I decided that the whole thing must have been in my head. Andrew would never want me anyway. We had been friends too long, knew too many stories about one another. I must have just imagined it.

I heard the door bell ring, thinking it was a customer. I was shocked when it was Andrew's voice I heard. "Hey Luke, can you cover my shift next Thursday? I have a dentist appointment," I was glad Luke had his back to me or he would have seen me stiffen and blush. Luke popped his head out from the aisle, and called him over. I wanted to hide as Andrew strode around the corner. Nothing happened, nothing happened, nothing happened!

Andrew's face twitched, a blush creeping up into his cheeks as soon as he saw me. Our eyes connected and I knew I was just lying to myself. Something did happen.

"So Thursday? That should work. Let me check Holly out and I'll pull up the calendar. I think I have all the stuff your dad needs," he said, balancing screws and lathes. He headed towards the checkout desk and I followed meekly, avoiding Andrew's gaze.

"OK, $10.34," Luke announced as he bagged all the items and took my money. I was amazed he didn't feel the tension in the room. I could feel Andrew's eyes on me, his look burning into my skin. I could feel the blood rushing to my face and my hands started sweating.

"Thanks Luke. I'll see you guys around. Bye Andrew," I said hastily, shoving my change into the plastic bag and heading towards the door. My mouth hung onto Andrew's name, desiring it like it desired another kiss from Andrew's mouth.

I made it to my car, throwing the bag in the passenger seat and breathing hard. I sat for a moment, trying to collect my thoughts. I could barely keep my thoughts straight. I wanted to kiss him again so badly, but I knew I never could. What if Andrew and I had been the ones making out in the backseat? The idea made me want to laugh and feel hot inside at the same time.

I heard a loud knock on my window, and nearly jumped out of my skin. "Holly, you forgot your gloves," Andrew said loudly.

I rolled down my window and took the gloves with thanks.

"Holly, I want to talk to you about the other night," he said leaning into the car. I could catch just a faint whiff of his cologne through the open window, his arm stretched out onto the roof and displaying his muscles through his long-sleeved shirt.

"Nothing happened. Nothing can happen. We promised, remember? We can't do that to our friends," I said quickly, trying not to focus on his arms.

"OK, good. That's just what I was thinking," he responded a little too quickly. He dropped his arms off the car and folded them in front of him. "Good, so I'll see you around then."

"Yeah, definitely," I nodded. He backed away from the car, his eyes unreadable. I headed back home, feeling my head spinning. I told myself I was glad I had told him no, but somehow it made my chest hurt. Nothing happened, nothing happened, nothing happened. Maybe if I repeated enough times, it would be true.



I effectively avoided Andrew for almost two weeks. I texted him as little as possible, and when I saw him in public, I always made sure there was another person nearby. I thought that maybe if I didn't spend time with him, I would stop dreaming about him.

It didn't work. If anything, my dreams became more vivid. I loved and dreaded sleeping because I knew I would dream of his hands on my body, touching and caressing me; his lips on my skin, the taste of his tongue. I would wake aching for more, aching for the real thing.

It was my first day off all week. My dad had left for a business trip that morning, so I had the house to myself. I sat in front of the tv in my pajamas eating my third bowl of chocolate cereal watching reruns of old sitcoms, reveling in the opulence of a day off.

Bing. Can you come meet me in the library? I want to show you something.

I sat looking at my phone, Andrew's face smiling at me from the screen next to the message. I was dressed and ready to go in less than five minutes.

The parking lot was empty, the public library and high school sharing the same space. I navigated through the library doors towards the main desk. I looked around for a moment, the library quiet and serene.

I smiled at the librarian stacking books to be put back on the shelves, and headed towards the conference room. Andrew and I had met there to work on projects before, so I figured that was where he would be. I found him sitting at the main table with yearbooks scattered haphazardly around him. He smiled as I walked in and closed the door behind me.

"My mom was telling me stories about her and Ray when they were in high school here, and I got an idea. You would not believe the stuff they did. Come here and look at these old yearbooks," he said pushing the chair next to him out. I walked over slowly, eying him carefully. I wasn't sure where we stood exactly, but I knew I didn't want to leave.

"You wouldn't believe some of the things I've found out. The pieces are finally coming together," Andrew said.

"I've already heard more than I ever thought I'd find out about them, so I'm not sure what you're going to say that you think will surprise me," I said.

He smiled and opened one of the yearbooks he had out on the table. He flipped through the pages until he found a picture...



Ray had been a quiet kid in class, much like Tyler was now. His older brother looked out for him for his freshman and sophomore year, but had gone away to college himself when Ray entered his junior year. Where Tyler drew his confidence from his acting, Ray had thrown himself in a different artistic direction: music.



I couldn't help but laugh as I saw the picture. "That's Ray all right. Looks a lot like Luke did our junior year. I had no idea he could play the trumpet!" I said.

"It gets better," Andrew said. "Take a look in the flute section."

It was hard to make out in the twenty-five year old yearbook's grainy photo, but I scanned over the picture. "Is that...your mom? She's so cute!" It was true. She looked about twelve years old in the picture, even though she would have had to have been about sixteen.

Andrew laughed. "She's always looked younger than her age. I looked up the names on the list and recognized one in particular, Mr. Watson."

"You mean Mr. Watson, the photography guy?" I asked curiously. Andrew nodded.



"So how did they get together?" Andrew asked.

Mr. Watson laughed. "No one was ever really sure. One day, on the way back from a football game, it was dark on the bus. All of a sudden, someone saw them making out. We made fun of them, but soon enough they were inseparable."



"So they were each other's first loves. Pretty much what we knew already," I said.

Andrew closed the yearbook and opened another one. "There's a lot more in this one," he said, opening to a page. There was a picture of the two of them in their dress clothes with the caption "Voted Most Likely to Have Beautiful Children". It looked like it had been taken at prom.

"I agree with that caption," Andrew said.

I looked at him and he made a model pose, and I laughed. "It's got one part right. You are a child!"

He grinned. "It's a sweet picture of the two of them, but I was really surprised when I saw the next one."

I turned back to the yearbook as he turned through the pages. As he settled on one in particular, I gasped.



"Were you there for the big moment?" Andrew asked.

"Oh yes," Mr. Watson said, looking wistful. "It was a beautiful moment. I was in on it, of course. Someone had to take the picture. The drum major was in on it too. At the end of practice one day, he kept stopping the routine and telling Audrey that her tempo was off. Finally, he got off his podium and walked over to her. I remember him calling over to Ray, asking if he could please show his girlfriend the right way to mark time. Ray marched over to them, playing "Your Song" by Elton John on his trumpet the whole way there."

"I bet Mom was mortified," Andrew said.

"Most certainly. When he arrived he continued to mark time in front of her, playing the trumpet, not in her face but right next to her. When the song finished, he got down on one knee and pulled a ring from his pocket. That's when I snapped the picture."



I stared at the blurry picture. Ray, down on one knee. Audrey, her hands covering her face. Boys and girls in the background, clapping their hands or crying for joy. It made me want to cry just looking at it.

"That's so romantic! I'm sure she said yes right away," I said. There's no way I could have said no if someone did that to me.

"Actually..."



"I mean, she certainly didn't date any other boys in high school, but I've never been quite sure," Mr. Watson said. "There was so much chaos afterwords that I never heard an answer. She looked stunned, and Ray was on his feet before long. He hugged her tight and whispered something in her ear. She let him put the dime store ring on her finger. We all thought it was official, but I guess puppy love never lasts."

Andrew nodded. "Thanks for your time, Mr. Watson."



"So that's it? He waited in town a year and then she left him here?" I asked.

"Something didn't add up for me, either. I checked on the Internet and found another strange detail. Mom didn't stay in the dorms her freshman year. I did, however, find a very interesting lease in the public records." He pulled a piece of paper out and handed it to me.

"Ray West and Audrey Oscars," I read. "This is a lease for Fort Collins. But...that means that Ray left with her?"

"I had an interesting phone conversation with my Aunt Heather. She's not my real aunt, but she was Mom's best friend from college. It was the last piece of the puzzle."



"Ray West. Haven't heard of him in years." Aunt Heather said.

"What happened between my mom and him?" Andrew asked.

"Oh, you know, the same things that many couples go through. Ray hated going out, was too shy. He wanted to stay in all the time, wanted Audrey to stay in with him. But, you know, part of the college experience is going out, doing new things, and she was curious."

"So she went out anyway," Andrew said.

"Oh no. It was like they were practically married, and she would never go against his word. But they fought a lot. Finally, one day, he left and I moved in to cover his half of the rent," she said.

Andrew paused, thinking it over. Heather piped back up. "It's funny. When she and your father decided that they couldn't support you while still going to school, he suggested that they move in with your grandparents back in Conifer. She didn't want to go, said she couldn't stand to see Ray, thought he would tell her 'I told you so'. I told her to avoid him like the plague, to concentrate on her new family, and I guess she did just that."

"Why would he have said 'I told you so'?" Andrew asked.

"Oh, never mind sweetie. When are you two going to come down to Denver to come visit your Aunt?"



"She was evasive after that, and I couldn't get any more out of her," Andrew said.

I thought about it. They broke up because he wanted her to stay in, to be the good wife, and she didn't want that. "This is great news. Ray broke up with your mom for not being Suzy Housewife, and now she's willing to be Suzy Housewife. Funny how people change."

Andrew nodded, looking me in the eyes. His leg pressed against mine. I had been avoiding him all week, but after hearing such an emotional story, I was feeling pretty emotional myself. We were so close, we were alone, and things were coming together. He was so handsome.

The work he had done, the story of old loves, the closeness of our bodies, it was all intoxicating to me. My body craved the taste of his lips and I could no longer fight against the craving. I leaned over and kissed him. It was the culmination of years of longing, particularly intense for the last three weeks. I had wanted this so badly, ever since the kiss at the Winter Carnival.

He pulled back a little. "Holly?"

I immediately felt like I had messed up. Before I had a chance to apologize though, he reached out and pulled me into a deeper kiss. It was heavenly. Months of sexual tension flowed between us, as the dam broke and our need for each other spilled out across each other. I kissed back fiercely, my tongue finding his with ease. He moaned, and his breathing quickened. The stubble on his chin tickled me lightly, and I giggled a little as our lips parted.

He wasted no time, grabbing my chin and bringing me in for another kiss. My hand went to behind his neck, and his finger stroked my jawline. My heart pounded within my chest. Andrew, the man of my dreams, was finally allowing my dream to come true. The vow we had made in high school surfaced in my head for a moment, but I quickly shoved the thought back down as I leaned in closer.

Andrew apparently forgot the promise as well. His hand moved from my jaw, down my neck, to my collar. He quickly unbuttoned my long sleeve shirt and pulled it off one arm, then the other. As he revealed the thin white shirt I wore underneath, his hands moved to my sides, holding me tightly. His fingers moved up and down as we shared another long kiss.

He broke from the kiss, and looked down at my body, seemingly for the first time. His hands ventured upwards under my shirt, touching the bottoms of my br**sts through the lacy bra that encased them. His eyes met mine again, a look of desire consuming him, before closing them and leaning back in.

The door to the conference room opened. The librarian poked her head in. "Another group has reserved this room, so you students will have to find some other place to make out."

I was so embarrassed that I didn't even correct her to tell her that we weren't students. Andrew and I quickly picked up, throwing the yearbooks back on the re-shelf cart and hustling out the door. I could feel my cheeks burning the entire way out to the car. The cold March wind felt good against my skin, as we ran out into the parking lot.

"Want to come to my place? My dad is out of town," I grinned as I pulled out my keys.

"Race you there," he shouted as he sprinted to his car. I felt a giddy happiness flow through me as I started my car and followed hot on his heels.

Chapter 7

Red and orange demons flickered between the trees, leaving glowing fingerprints on everything they touched. Impish embers soared into the sky, raining down on the unsuspecting tinder below. The fire laughed as it danced among the trees and branches, twirling along the forest floor with devastating footprints.

"I'm pretty sure you cheated," I called out through my window as I pulled into the driveway next to Andrew.

"If anything, you cheated. You know those big red octagons? They're called stop signs. Most people recommend actually stopping at them," he teased as I got out of my car.

"The ones with white borders around them are optional. I'm surprised you didn't know that," I said, bumping my shoulder against him as I moved to unlock the door. I could feel him behind me, and I fumbled with my keys in the lock, his presence flustering me. He leaned his hand against the door frame, his body barely touching mine, but so close I could feel his warmth. I wanted to kiss him again so badly, and I could barely get my key into the door.

I finally slid it in, and heard the latch catch, the door swinging open easily. I turned to look back at him, his hand coming to my cheek and pulling me into a kiss. I stood in the doorway, my knees turning to jello as he pushed his lips into mine. I wrapped my arms around his neck, losing myself to his kiss.

He stopped only long enough to guide us through the open door, kicking it shut with his foot as he enveloped me again. My fingers found his hair, pulling him ever deeper to me. He tasted like sunshine, his tongue dancing with mine. My skin burned to be touched by him, my temperature rising as he kissed me. I drank his kisses like cool water, wanting to feel him everywhere.

I pulled my shirt open and flung it on the floor as we stumbled towards the couch. I felt the couch on my leg and I sat down, pulling him with me. His hands pulled me closer, his kisses hungry as he straddled my legs, pinning me to the couch.

I ran my hands up under his shirt, feeling his muscles tighten under my fingertips. He sat up, and pulled his shirt over his head, his muscles flexing as the fabric left his body. I wanted to touch him everywhere, to taste every inch of his skin. I pulled him back down against me, my lips open and waiting for him. He pressed his body against mine, his skin hot against the thin fabric of my undershirt. He moved his kisses down my neck, nibbling gently on the sensitive skin of my throat and collarbone. My h*ps arched up into him, feeling him harden against me.

His hands pulled my shirt up, his fingers caressing my skin as he pulled it over my head. He sat back, looking at my body, his pupils dilating and then focusing again. He traced his finger along the lacy top of my bra, my skin tingling under his touch. With an impish grin he leaned forward, and wrapped his arm underneath me, trying to unlatch my bra.

I stopped him, but I smiled. I didn't want to move this quickly yet. I had already been down this road before, and it would be better if he just thought I was being coy. He didn't seem to take offense, he just leaned forward and kissed me deeply.

His hands went to my hair, and the two of us kissed each other furiously, frantically, as if at any moment it would be over and we'd have to go back to our regular friendship. I loved the feeling of his skin on mine. I ran my fingers over his taut muscles, and he gave an appreciative moan into my mouth. He grinded his h*ps into me.

One of his hands slid down my belly, fiddling with the button of my jeans. I reached down and grabbed his hand. "If my pants come off, your pants stay on. Deal?"

"Deal," he said with no hesitation. He moved his other hand down, unbuttoning my jeans with excitement. I leaned my head back as he slid them off my h*ps and down, off my legs. He looked at me from the bottom of the couch now as he kissed his way back up my legs. The heat within me became almost unbearable as he reached my panties.

He slowly kissed around my legs, touching every part where the fabric hugged my skin. My brain cried out to stop him, but my loins never wanted him to stop. His kissed ventured inwards, eventually going to the middle of my panties. I gasped.

He smiled and his tongue reached out, massaging the most special part of my body through my underwear. My mind instinctively went to the last time I had been intimate with a man, and I felt a quick wave of shame run through me.

"Hold on. Hold on," I said, my memories forcing me to stop. He looked up at me, and smiled gently. "Just go slow. I'm a little rusty." He came back up to me, his body covering me again, as he kissed me. I focused on his sweet taste, forcing the memories away. This was different. I knew Andrew wouldn't hurt me, so I tried to relax and melt into him. This time, his grinding into me was even more intense, but he managed to stop himself as my body unconsciously stiffened. I wanted to let him touch me, but something in me felt afraid.

"Use my arm as a pillow," he said. I laughed and rolled over, and he rolled next to me, putting his arm under my neck. We kissed, softly, and his hand ventured back south. It traveled down my cl**vage, inside my bra, lightly touching my breast for a moment, before venturing further south. He was so gentle, and eager to please. I took a deep breath and let him explore.

As his fingers touched my belly button, I began to writhe a little bit. My body suddenly relaxed as I realized I could trust Andrew. He would never hurt me. A surge of excitement rushed through me, sending tingles from my scalp down to my toes. I moaned softly; I couldn't help it, I was so turned on. His fingers reached the top of my panties, tracing the elastic band. He kept moving down, over the underwear, to my delicate flower.

As if practiced a thousand times, he touched my cl*t through my panties. I pulled away from the kiss with a gasp, and he knew he had hit the sweet spot. Two of his fingers went in slow circles, moving my panties lightly with them. Every time his fingers hit the top of his circle, my muscles twitched with pleasure.

With a steady rhythm, he kept the circles going. I looked at him and say his deep blue eyes looking at me, wanting nothing but my pleasure. I leaned my head back and bit my lip. No man had ever spent this much time on me, sweetly rubbing my nether regions, silently wishing for my release. I closed my eyes and let each tick of pleasure hit me, steady in their beat as a metronome.

When I began to arch my hips, I knew he had to work harder to keep the same pace, but he diligently kept it going, never wavering in intensity or pace. My mouth opened wide as I could feel myself heading towards the edge. My brain surrendered to his touch, letting me go over the edge of my orgasm.

I let out a wordless moan as colors exploded in my vision, my h*ps arching back and forth, my entire body arching. My fingers went to my br**sts, feeling myself through my bra, as I writhed. It was a wave in which I never wanted to come down off of, and when it began to subside, I grabbed his hand.

I brought it to my mouth, kissing it softly. Then I kissed him, and he drank in my kisses. I could feel his erection through his pants, and at that moment I would have given myself to him.

He stopped kissing me and leaned back into the couch. "I've wanted this for a long time," he said.

I cuddled into Andrew's shoulder, his arm wrapped around me like a warm blanket. I closed my eyes, feeling his chest rise and fall against mine like the ocean against the shore. I wanted to stay in this moment forever, to find a way to put it in a box so I could dive into it whenever I wanted. Andrew shifted on the couch slightly, moving his hand to brush a stray strand of hair out of my face.

"You are so beautiful," he whispered as he tucked the hair behind my ear. "I've always thought so, and I've never been able to tell you." I couldn't help but smile and cuddle in closer, resting my head against his chest.

He rested his cheek against my head, his body relaxed as I ran my fingers up and down his chest and stomach. I absorbed everything, storing it away in my memory for later. Andrew took a deep breath and let it out, and I knew we had to do something about the elephant growing in the room.

"What are we going to tell Luke and everyone?" I asked quietly, hiding in his arms. He tightened protectively around me.

"I don't know. We promised everyone that we wouldn't do this," he moved his head to look at me. "But I don't want to let you go. I don't want to go back to the way we were. You are just too damn beautiful for me to give up."

"I don't want to stop, Andrew. I can't stop," I bit my lip and sat up so I could look at him, his arms still around me. "We can't tell them."

Andrew sat quietly, his blue eyes deep in thought as he slowly nodded. He frowned slightly before speaking. "So what do we do?"

"We keep this a secret. At least for now. I promise we'll tell them all eventually, but just not yet," I said quietly watching his face.

"I agree. No one needs to know for a little while. This can be just our little secret," he said as he reached out and touched my cheek. I smiled at him, and then settled back into his nook. His arms felt so strong wrapped around me, like the world could end and I would still be safe. Part of me knew we were playing with fire, but I didn't care. The heat of the flames felt too good to stop.

Chapter 8

The fire could not be contained. Firefighters dug trenches only to have flames fly overhead, laughing as they danced into the trees. The water sprayed from their hoses, but the fire simply blazed higher. Mother Nature refused to cry, instead blowing hot wind across the arid landscape, feeding the fire.

The next two weeks were perfect. I lived on this wonderful high where everything seemed to be going my way. Andrew and I spent almost every day together, laughing, kissing, and daydreaming.

We started imagining what it would be like to go to school together, where we could be together without worrying about hurting our friends. My past felt so far behind me that it could never catch up. With Ray in the picture, Andrew's mom had almost stopped calling him at work to check up on him. She was full of a self confidence I had never seen, radiating happiness like a small sun.

With his mom finally behaving like an adult, I convinced Andrew to contact Colorado State University and tell them he would be starting in the fall. I even applied myself. I thought that Andrew and a new school might be enough to erase my past. I could try again and do it right this time. I thought things were finally going right, the future starting to look bright again.



"How many screws do you have?" I asked looking at the boxes scattered across the counter. I hopped up on the edge of the counter, swinging my feet as I watched him work.

"I'm not one to kiss and tell, but I can tell you all about the nails, " Andrew grinned wickedly at me as he organized the boxes of screws and nails into piles.

"You are such a boy," I stuck my tongue out at him and he just smirked at me.

"You like it," he countered walking around to the front of the counter.

"Yes, yes I do," I said as he put his hands on either side of me on the counter. "How could I not?"

I felt a tingle of anticipation run through my body as his stomach pushed into my knees, his hands going to my hips. I leaned forward and closed my eyes, knowing he was mine. I felt our lips touch, electricity passing between us. Our tongues met, feeding the fire burning through my core. No one had ever made me feel this way with just a kiss.

"What are you two doing?"

I felt Andrew freeze, my own blood stopping cold. We broke apart like ice hitting the floor, each of us picking a random direction. I felt the blood rush to my cheeks and drain out of me at the same time. Luke stood in the doorway, his green work apron hanging limply from his hand. His hazel eyes full of betrayal. I slid off the counter, avoiding his piercing gaze.

"I said, what are you two doing?" He glanced back and forth between Andrew and me, his hand tightening on the apron.

"Luke, it's not what it looks like-" Andrew started, but Luke cut him off.

"Not what it looks like? It looks like you and Holly were kissing. Like you two have something going on. You want to lie to me about that, Andrew?" Luke's voice was cold, his knuckles starting to turn white on his apron.

"Luke, we didn't mean for you to find out like this," I said softly.

"So at least you did mean for me to find out. That's nice. How long has this been going on?" Luke's eyes blazed a cold fire.

"Not long. It just kind of happened, and we couldn't stop it," Andrew said quietly.

"Couldn't stop it? Yeah right. You chose not to stop it. We promised to never do this. You both promised me, promised each other to not do this," Luke said, frustration dripping off each word. He paused for a moment, the anger emanating out of him in waves as he kept his voice even. "Do you know how much I have wanted to break that promise? How close I've come to doing what you two were just doing? But I stopped. I kept the promise."

"What do you mean?" my mouth blurted out before I could stop. Luke rounded on me, his eyes fierce.

"Doesn't matter. Holly, you aren't ready for this. Neither of you have any idea what you are doing," Luke's voice was soft and low. I had never seen him so angry. It was a cold fury that scared me more than him yelling. He continued, his voice frosting the entire room. "I can't believe you two would do this. I didn't know our friendship, all of our friendships meant so little to you. Holly, I want you out of this shop. Tell your dad to get the parts he needs from another store. Andrew, your shift is done for the day. If you need to change your shifts, talk to my dad. I don't want to see either of you."

"Luke, please, we didn't mean to hurt you," I said taking a step towards him. He put up his empty hand to stop me, his other hand gripping his apron so tight I was sure it was going to break.

"Holly, if you didn't mean to hurt me, you wouldn't have done this. You would have kept the promise you made to your friends. I thought you were better than this- I thought you were smarter than this. I want you both out of my shop. Now."

Andrew and I looked towards one another, and back towards Luke. Cold fury and pain swirled around him, filling the room like a snowstorm. Andrew took off his work apron and set it carefully on the counter, putting his hand on my shoulder. He pulled me towards the front door, and I glanced back over my shoulder to look back. Luke stood in the center of the store, his hand still gripping his apron and a look of utter betrayal and loss on his face.

I had betrayed the one person who had always looked out for me. Andrew opened the door, and I felt a cold tear run down my face. The wind battered both of us as we walked to Andrew's car in silence, my heart growing heavier with every step. I slid into the passenger seat, the plastic leather cold and hard. The wind howled outside the window as we sat there in silence for a moment.

"I can't believe how bad I feel right now," I whispered as I wiped a tear off my cheek.

"I feel the same way," Andrew agreed quietly.

"What did Luke mean when he said he came close to breaking the promise?" I asked as Andrew started up the car.

"Britney. He has a thing for Britney. When you went away and Eli got his job in the city, it was just the three of us. I was still really busy dealing with all Dad's stuff, so I wasn't around much. He and Britney got really close. I didn't know just how close until today though. I feel terrible," he said quietly as he turned onto the main road.

The sun was setting, but instead of turning the world into shades of gold, it hid behind the clouds and simply dimmed the world to gray. A cold snow spitted at the car. It wasn't enough moisture to make anything wet, just enough to leave spots on the windshield and suck the heat from the world. Flakes hit the windshield like little angry bullets, evaporating as soon as they touched the ground.

"Can I come hang out at your place? I don't feel like going home," I asked staring out into the deepening gloom. Andrew nodded and silence filled the car. Neither one of us felt much like talking. Andrew punched the radio, looking for something to fill the quiet.

"In other news, this has been the driest winter on record. The national weather service reports that the drought is likely to continue. Officials are already concerned for the high fire danger present in most counties throughout the state," the radio reporter droned. Andrew switched the station to oldies. A snowflake hit my window, melting quickly and distorting the world outside. All I could see in the darkening night was Luke's face and the pain we had just caused him.

Chapter 9

Smoke darkened the skies like false clouds. Thunder rumbled in the distance, but the clouds refused to release their moisture. Ash and soot filled the air sucking what little moisture was left from the parched land, giving further fuel to the flames.

I woke up, the room unfamiliar. I panicked for a moment before realizing I had fallen asleep on Andrew's couch. A thin gray light was filling the room announcing dawn. Andrew was snoring gently, asleep on the recliner next to me, the TV flickering with an infomercial.

"Morning Holly. You want some coffee?" Audrey whispered, peeking her head around from the kitchen. I nodded and sat up slowly. My neck hurt from sleeping in a weird position on the couch. I rubbed it as I walked to the kitchen, following the smell of toast and coffee.

"Creamer is in the fridge. Want some eggs?" Audrey asked as she handed me a hot mug. I took a big sip, the bitter liquid filling my mouth. I nodded again and Audrey cracked two more eggs into a pan. I leaned back against the sink, watching her bustle around the kitchen. It reminded me of when I was little and I would spend the night. Audrey would make a special breakfast the next day and my dad would come over and we would all eat together. I had pretended that we were a family then, that Audrey was my mom and Andrew my brother and we were all going to live happily ever after. I missed that childhood optimism.

"I heard you had a falling out with Luke," she peered at me over her coffee cup. I sighed and nodded. News travels fast in a small town. Britney and Eli had already sent Andrew and me text messages letting us know exactly what they thought. I didn't mean to hurt any of them. I wished I could have at least told them myself. Audrey's lips pinched to the side as she thought for a moment before speaking. "But I also heard that you and Andrew are now an item."

I stared into my cup, trying to find answers in the dark liquid. She blew gently on her coffee and took a sip before continuing.

"I always thought you and Andrew would end up together. I'm honestly surprised it took this long. Don't you worry though, Luke will come around. Britney and Eli too. You've all been thick as thieves for as long as I can remember. Everything will work out, I have no doubt."

"Luke's never been this angry with me before. I didn't mean to hurt him, I really didn't." I looked up at her, Audrey's eyes full of understanding. "If you see him, will you tell him I'm sorry?"

"I'll tell him. But if he is anything like his father it won't matter. He will have to forgive you in his own time," she said focusing her attention on the eggs. I felt my shoulders droop as I realized she was right. This wasn't something that was going to be easily fixed. Luke felt like we betrayed him by breaking a promise. It didn't matter what kind of promise, just that we had broken it. My world felt suddenly very fragile.

"You ever do something you wish you hadn't?" I asked playing with the handle on my mug.

"We all have something we regret doing. It doesn't make us bad people. We're just human. We make mistakes. Living with those mistakes makes us who we are. Luke will forgive you in time, Holly. Promise," she said with a smile. She watched me for a moment, then added, "You didn't mean just this thing with Luke, did you?"

I shook my head from side to side. I didn't intend on her seeing through me that easily. Andrew's mother was the last person who should know my secrets.

"Do you want to tell me?" She asked quietly, setting her plate down. I shook my head. "I won't pry then. I know about the promise you all made not to date one another. You made it in high school and you all have changed so much since then. Perhaps it is time for the promise to grow up too. I know you are certainly different than when you left. If you ever do want to talk though, you know where I am," she said with a smile.

She glanced down at her watch and made a face. "I've got to get to work. Will you let Andrew know I'll be home late? I'll see you later," she said putting her cup in the sink. She grabbed her purse and tiptoed out the front door, waving to me from the driveway.

I stood in the weak morning sunshine of the window, sipping my coffee for a long time after she left. If I stood very still, I could pretend that I was just a ray of light; just a beam of energy that didn't have fights, worries, or mistakes. I could pretend life was simple.

"When did you wake up?" Andrew whispered into my ear, wrapping his arms around my waist. I hadn't heard him get up, but he felt good behind me.

"A while ago. I didn't realize how uncomfortable that couch is. I remember it being a better sleeping spot," I answered as I leaned into him. He felt solid behind me, comforting and secure.

"I think that's because you were a lot shorter then," he said softly into my hair. He kissed my head and held me against him, letting the sunlight stream over both of us. "What are you doing for dinner tomorrow?"

"Nothing special. I get off at three, why?" He felt so warm and strong.

"I'd like to make you dinner."

"Seriously? I didn't know you could cook," I smiled, liking the idea of him in the kitchen. He would look cute in an apron.

"I know my way around the kitchen. I've been practicing," he nuzzled his chin into my hair. "So you'll come?"

"Of course. Wild horses wouldn't keep me away."

"Excellent," he said. I could feel him smiling behind me. I wondered what he was up to.

I rubbed my shoulder, the stress of being the town pariah catching up with me. He moved his fingers to rub me there, and I leaned into his touch. "Oh, that feels so good," I said, my eyes closing.

He rubbed for a few moments, before pulling the hair from my ear. "I know the best remedy for tense muscles," he said.

"Oh yeah? What?" I said, ready to believe whatever he said.

"Hot water," he said. He sniffed the air a little bit. "Plus, you need a shower before work, Stinky!"

I turned to face him and looked into his eyes. I leaned in and kissed him gently, then pulled away and smiled. I nodded. He grinned from ear to ear and took my hand, leading me to his bedroom.

His bedroom hadn't changed much since grade school when I spent the night a few times. Plain walls, an X-Men poster over his bed, and the connecting bathroom. It was a little disorganized, but I didn't judge him for it. It was still much better than some other guys' bedrooms I'd been in. He sat me down on his bed, then went into the bathroom. I heard the water start.

Just as I was thinking about whether I should be concerned, Andrew came out of the bathroom. He was wearing nothing but boxer shorts, and I quickly checked out his body. Lifting boxes and doing inventory had given him strong arms and broad shoulders, but I could tell he worked out at the gym as well. His pectoral muscles were well defined, and I found my eyes drawn to them. I hadn't seen him without a shirt on since we went swimming our senior year of high school, and the years had been kind to his body.

"Well, what are you waiting for? I only have so much hot water!" he said.

I smiled and pulled my shirt off. I stood up and pulled my socks off, then worked my jeans off. His eyes were on me the whole time, enjoying what he was seeing. I blushed and hesitated for a moment before pulling my bra off. My br**sts were a little on the small size but perky, and I had always liked the way they looked.

As the bra dropped to the floor, I swear I could see Andrew's eyes dilate. I smiled. No man had ever complained about their size, anyway. I walked into the bathroom, wearing nothing but my panties. I leaned into the shower to check the water's temperature, then slid my panties off. I knew his eyes were on my nak*d body, but without turning around, I stepped into the water and drew the curtain.

A moment later, Andrew entered in behind me. I assumed his boxers were off, but I didn't bother looking down to make sure. He reached past me, his chest pressing against my back as he removed the shower head from the bracket.

With his right hand, Andrew searched for the tense spots in my shoulders and back, while his left hand manipulated the shower head to massage those spots. He had the shower head on a pulsating stream, and every splash of water melted my tension away.

I leaned back into Andrew, and realized I had grown too comfortable. His erection poked me in my backside, and I tensed up immediately. He must have sensed exactly what happened, because he whispered in my ear, "Shh, if you just ignore him, he'll go away."

I giggled and relaxed a little more, and he continued to massage. I reached down and grabbed onto his cock, rubbing back and forth gently. He moved in closer, and I could hear his heavy breathing in my ear. The shower aimed down towards my br**sts while he ran his right hand up my side. His hand eventually ending up cupping my right breast, pulling me even closer into his body.

I turned my head around and kissed him, and he grinded into my body a little more. My other hand went through his hair, pulling him into the kiss.

He pulled away from the kiss. "I almost forgot the most important part of relieving your tension."

I froze. Would I have to tell him that I wasn't ready? Would I just let him take me, right here in the shower? I closed my eyes, waiting for his next response. He handed me the shower head, then pulled away from my grasp. I looked at him quizzically. He grabbed his shampoo.

"I'm not sure if you wanted to smell manly all day, but nothing will put you in a better mood than getting your hair washed," he said with a smile.

I laughed. I couldn't believe a man existed who would shower with me just to make me clean without also using my body. I let the water run through my hair while he put some shampoo in his hands. As his fingers ran through my hair, all the way to the ends, the little pulls sent shivers through my body. With every movement of his fingers through my hair, I could feel myself falling more and more in love with him. As he rubbed his nails over the top of my head, I felt like I was right where I needed to be.

"Rinse, please," he said, and I let the water run through my hair while his fingers still tended to my scalp. It was the closest I had ever felt to a man. His dick rubbed against me a few more times, but I felt like my entire essence was concentrated within my hair and his fingers.

He stopped rubbing and I longed for his fingers more. He grabbed the shower head from me and put it back up in its bracket, then smelled my hair. As he breathed out, I felt his breath tickle my ear, and I shivered again.

"I was wrong, you don't smell manly. You smell like roses and lilac," he said.

I giggled again. "Andrew?" I leaned into him, drawing strength off of him. He murmured a yes into my hair.

"Kiss me. Make me forget for a little while," I said softly, turning to face him. He stared at me, his blue eyes dark today. He reached forward and cupped my cheek in his hand, gently pulling me towards him. His lips were soft against mine. His cock, fully engorged, rested against my belly. A hunger filled me.

As rivulets of water ran down our bodies, I began to kiss down his chest. His pecs felt great to kiss, and I continued to move downward. As I moved down to my knees, he seemed to realize what was going on.

"Hey, Holly, not right now. You have to get to work, remember?" he said.

What a gentleman, I thought, but I wondered if he really meant it. I stuck my tongue out, licking the end of his rod. He grabbed my chin and made me face upward, looking up at him as he frowned slightly at me and shook his head. The shower water splashed in my eyes, and I looked down to rub them. He laughed a little, then grabbed my arms and helped me to stand. He gave me a kiss, which I returned eagerly.

"You don't have to do that for me. Can't a man just wash a woman's hair without demanding payment?" he asked, a wry smile on his face.

I smiled and agreed with him, realizing that, before today, I had never met a real man in my life.

Chapter 10

Planes flew overhead, dropping red smoke to combat the black rising from the forest. Trees went up, burning like torches, lighting the sky. Thick black smoke rose, cutting into the blue sky like an evil sword, the sky losing ground the murky haze. The flames screamed and grew larger, trying to reach the sun. Ash rained down from the sky like rain, settling like soft snow on the burnt ground.

"Holly, you're the short shift so you're on restock. Aisle three," my boss called out to me as I walked in the store. I grinned as I hung my coat in the break-room and clocked in. I didn't particularly like restock, but I hadn't been able to get that stupid grin off my face since I met Andrew at the library.

I felt like I was keeping a wonderful secret. Like a kid who knows that they got their friend a perfect birthday present, I just wanted to spill the beans to everyone. I wanted to shout it on the street that Andrew Miller and I were a couple. Every time I thought about Andrew, I felt my body explode with happiness. Nothing, not even restock, was going to bring me down today.

I put my apron on and headed towards a mass of shopping carts filled with soup cans, ready to be shelved. It didn't take long for me to find a rhythm, my mind on Andrew, and I filled the shelves quickly.

"Hey Gorgeous," Andrew's voice whispered in my ear. I turned with a smile, wondering if my thoughts had called him to me. He grabbed my waist, and kissed me. I kissed him back, wanting more before remembering I was at work. I broke away, glancing around, nervous someone might see us.

"You are going to get me in trouble," I hissed, but I couldn't get the smile off my face. "I'm supposed to be working!"

He let me go, and pretended to look at the canned soup. "I just couldn't stay away. Working, huh? What kind of soup would you recommend then?"

I giggled, and kept stacking, "You are incorrigible. But I like it. I recommend the chicken noodle."

"Mmm, chicken noodle, good for the soul. I know something else good for the soul," he grinned wickedly as he tried to catch me again. I wiggled just out of his reach, poking my head out of the aisle and looking around.

"You are going to get us caught! My manager is one aisle over," I whispered, trying to frown at him. He put his hands up in mock defeat, leaning against his cart.

"Fine, I'll let you be. For now," he said as he looked me up and down. "I just can't help it. It's like this has just been bottled up inside of me for so long I can't contain it."

"Me too. I get off in an hour. You want to meet up?" I asked as I started stacking the cans again.

"Hell yes," he whispered, his eyes burning into me. I bit my lip and focused on the cans, trying not to admire the way his arms bulged in his shirt. "I'm so glad you are back. I missed you around here. You still haven't told me why you quit school, you know."

"It's not very interesting," I answered coyly, trying to hide how painful it was for me to remember. "Besides, a girl needs her secrets." He grinned, his eyes absorbing me.

"I want to know all your secrets. I want to know all of you," he said huskily. I could feel my temperature rising the closer he got to me. If we weren't in a public place...

"Excuse me, Holly- do you know where the prenatal vitamins are?" A female voice interrupted. I looked up to see Louise Fletcher at the end of the aisle with a basket on her arm. She looked exhausted.

"Sure, they're over by the pharmacy against the wall next to the cold medicines. I think we have ones with fish oil too. Do you want me to show you?" I asked, slipping back into work mode.

"No, I think I can find them. Thanks." She smiled meekly and headed towards the pharmacy. Something about her was different than I remembered. Had she put on weight?

"I can't believe that girl," Andrew said as I picked up a can and put it on the shelf. I turned to see a look of disgust on his face.

"What do you mean? Louise has always been a little weird, but she's nice enough."

"You haven't heard? She's pregnant. She got knocked up by Jimmy Haskins at a party a couple of months ago," he crossed his arms and leaned back against the shelf. "I mean, I heard rumors about her in high school, but seriously? How could she be that stupid? Birth control is pretty easy these days."

I felt the wind knock out of me like I had been punched in the stomach. "Maybe it was an accident. Accidents happen. That doesn't make her a bad person," I said carefully.

"No, it makes her stupid. She wasn't even sure it was Jimmy until he told her it was. She got so trashed at a party that she was flinging herself at anything with a dick. This isn't the first time she couldn't remember who she was with. I can't stand girls like her," he said with a grimace. "I could never be with someone like that."

I glanced back at him and wanted to run. His handsome face held such contempt and disgust. I felt the floor fall out from beneath me. If he knew what I had done...

"I'm glad you're not like that, Holly," he made a disgusted noise. He turned back towards me, sudden concern in his voice. "You alright? You look a little pale."

"I'm fine. I just don't feel very good. I think my lunch isn't agreeing with me," I lied as I kept putting cans up on the shelf, trying to keep my hands steady.

"I'm sorry. Can I do anything?" he asked, putting his hands on my hips. I felt disgusted with myself, unworthy of his touch.

"No, I think I just need a nap, maybe some fluids or something," I said. I couldn't look at him. If that was what he thought of sweet Louise, what would he think of me if he knew my secret?

"Do you want me to go get your manager? I mean, you don't look good at all," Andrew said, his face full of concern. "You look like you might hurl at any second."

"Yeah, I think I should just go home," I said quickly. He nodded and went to find my manager. I walked slowly to the break room, my guts twisting up inside of me. I had wanted to tell Andrew everything, but I couldn't tell him now. I couldn't tell him why I was back in Conifer without losing him.

"He says you can go on home. Do you want me to drive you?" Andrew asked as I came out with my coat. I shook my head, and smiled half-heartedly.

"I'll be fine. I'll see you later though, okay?" I didn't wait for him to answer as I headed to the door, passing Louise on my way out. She smiled at me, her eyes sad with a defeat she didn't know we shared.



I lay in bed, my stomach rolling. Andrew had texted me twice to make sure I had gotten home and to see if I needed anything. I needed a new me. I needed my past to change or at least a way to forget it. I closed my eyes, the last year of my life haunting me.

I woke up, the room unfamiliar. My stomach felt awful and my head buzzed like a it was full of bees. A masculine arm lay draped across my stomach, the owner snoring softly into his pillow. I didn't remember his name, but it didn't matter. He had bought me the drinks and I seemed to remember thinking he was cute. But that could have been the guy two nights ago.

I carefully slipped out from under his arm, moving slowly- more to keep my stomach contents down than fear of waking him. His place was a mess- dirty underwear, empty bowls, pizza boxes, and beer cans littered the floor. I found my skirt tossed in a corner, a dark stain on the hem. Were we drinking red wine? I couldn't remember, but I slid the skirt on anyway and searched for the rest of my clothes.

I found most of them, grabbed my purse and my phone and snuck out of the room. I saw a bathroom at the end of the hall, my bladder about to explode. The bathroom was worse than the bedroom. I contemplated taking pictures to bring to my biology professor so he could identify a new species of mold.

Biology. The biology test was today. Shit.

I looked down at my watch and felt dread settle in the pit of my stomach like molten lead. The test was at 9am. It was already past 10. I was going to fail biology. I had never failed a class in my life.

Freshman year I started out like every innocent freshman, eager and ready to learn. The first semester I was a good student. How I wished I could have just stayed that way. I found I loved the freedom being on my own gave me. It didn't take long for me to realize that I could skip a class here and there and still pass. I slowly stopped going to class, finding going out more fun than studying.

Everything felt good. The world was spinning and he was kissing me. It was nice to be kissed. No one had ever kissed me like this. I took another sip, the golden liquid searing through me and giving me courage. I let my inhibitions go, the world mine to experience.

If I had just stopped there, it would have been alright. But I didn't. One party led to another to another. I felt free. I could do no wrong. Freshman year ended and I still made all A's and B's. I only felt a small twinge of guilt at the Bs, but I still had my scholarship. I felt like I was balancing work and play, the adult world opening up to me.

I walked back to my dorm room, ignoring the stares as I headed towards my small room. The small square room I shared was empty and I was grateful. I stripped down, throwing my clothes in a hamper in the corner of the room by my bed and wrapping my robe around me. I just wanted to get clean. To get the stench of alcohol and smoke out of my hair and skin. I didn't think it was supposed to be like this.

They say that a girl's first time should be special. They say that it should be full of love and tenderness. My first time was with a boy who was too drunk to remember my name in the bathroom of a frat house. It wasn't special, but it was a first.

I don't remember the names of all of them. Sometimes I spent the night, sometimes I didn't. My roommate got used to me not being there. My grades started slipping. I missed classes, then quizzes, and then tests. I had never failed anything in my life, but now I was barely passing half my classes. The only time I felt better was when I drank. That's when I met Bobby.

Bobby Wilcox was gorgeous. Tall, blonde, and handsome, he had girls swooning over him as soon as they saw him. I was no different. I met him at a party and couldn't get enough. He told me he loved me. I believed him and for a time believed that we would live happily ever after.

We were happy for a time. I had called Andrew singing Bobby's praises at first. He was handsome, he was rich, he was good to me. I had stopped calling Andrew when things starting going bad. I never told anyone the things Bobby called me. I thought I deserved them. I would have done anything for his praise.

"That's it, you little whore, that's a good girl," he had said smearing the tears on my cheek. I stood on shaky legs. I knew love wasn't supposed to be like this, but Bobby would never hurt me. He loved me. "Now, who's next?" he called out to his friends as he offered me up to them. If this would make him happy, I would do it.

He convinced me to do things that I'm not proud of. He convinced me I was worthless and that only he could love me. I believed him. I trusted him.

I felt dizzy. I hadn't been eating and now I struggled to keep the little I did eat down. Something was wrong with me. Then it hit me. I hadn't had my period this month. I was two weeks late. I sat down and started to cry. I looked at my life and wondered how I got to this. I knew I was smarter than this. I hadn't been raised this way; I knew better than to put myself in this situation. I didn't know what to do. I wasn't even 100% sure who the father was. I told Bobby that I was late. He laughed and told me to get it fixed. I hit him, but he just kept laughing, calling me names.

I skipped the rest of my classes that week. I missed tests. I couldn't concentrate. It felt like someone else was living my life; I was just an observer watching a troubled girl spiral out of control. I stopped drinking. I stopped going to the parties. No one missed me. None of my so called friends ever checked up on me.

After a week of crying and being alone, I called the only person I knew would come and protect me from the world.

"Luke, I'm in trouble."

Luke was there in less than an hour. I wondered how much he had sped to get here that fast. I wished I would have called him months ago. I told him everything and he just held me and let me cry. For the first time in months, I felt like someone actually cared. He threatened to beat Bobby up, but I knew it wouldn't do any good, though the idea at least made me smile.

Luke walked me to the grocery store down the street and I bought a pregnancy test. The pimply faced clerk eyed me judgmentally as I counted out my change. We walked the stadium three times before I got the courage to go into a campus bathroom. Luke promised me no matter what the result was, he was there for me. I didn't have to do this alone. He held my hand while I waited to see my future. I knew something was going to have to change. It was the longest three minutes of my life.

It came back negative.

I failed every class that semester. I lost my scholarship. I lost everything I had worked for. I had lost myself. I had no idea who I was anymore. What would have happened if it had been positive? What would I have done? Could I have gone home, to my dad, to my friends, carrying this child? What would I have done for money? Would I have kept the baby, or given it up for adoption? How could I have been so blind? How could I have thought that was love? Why would someone treat me like that? What kind of person was I to get in this situation in the first place? So many questions that I didn't know the answers to, questions I shouldn't have needed to ask in the first place.

I needed to find my way again, so I came home to start from the beginning. Luke never said a word to anyone. He let me tell everyone that college was harder than I had expected and I didn't want to do it anymore. Andrew accepted it easily, welcoming me home with open arms.

My dad never asked for more either, but I knew he suspected something. He had helped me unpack into my old room, watching me with sad eyes. I spent the first week home in shame, seeing accusation in everyone's eyes. Everywhere I went all I could see was other people's pity. At least they only thought I couldn't hack it at college. I preferred that to them knowing how poorly I had chosen my path.

I was no better than Louise. I saw the way Andrew looked at her, the disgust in his voice at her decisions. I was the same as Louise. I had almost been in her shoes, almost had that life. One party too many, one drink too many, one guy too many. One mistake too many. I couldn't lose Andrew, the one person who still believed in me, who didn't see me as a complete failure. Andrew saw the potential in me. The idea that he would look at me the way he looked at Louise scared me worse than anything.

I couldn't tell him. I would keep my dirty secret to myself. If he didn't know, he couldn't be disappointed in me. I could feel secrets beginning to pile up around me, but if I told him, he would never speak to me again. And that was worse than anything I could imagine.

Chapter 11

A dragon's maw of heat and flame raged down the hillside, winding across the forest in search of sustenance. Flames wound around ancient trees like long lost lovers searching for release. The fire engulfed it all, never satisfied, never satiated, never finding release.

I stepped out of my car, careful not to trip on my heels. Since Andrew was taking the time to cook me dinner, I decided I would surprise him and dress up. I had on my favorite black dress with a flared skirt and short purple heels. I even curled my hair and put makeup on. I was nearly to the door when Andrew opened it wearing his mother's apron.

"You look amazing," he said appreciatively as I walked through the door. I could feel him eying me up and down. I did a little turn, posing like a model at the end. He laughed and clapped his hands.

"So, Chef Andrew, what can I do to help?" I asked sliding out of my shoes and setting them by the door.

"You can come and sit down. I have everything ready," he said as he pulled me towards the table. He had the dining room table set with candles and flowers and soft classical music playing in the background. "You like it?"

I kissed his cheek, the nervous look on his face adorable. "It's perfect. Probably the prettiest table I have ever seen." He grinned and pulled out the chair. I sat down and he hurried to the kitchen.

"I hope you're hungry. The recipe feeds four, and then I made dessert too," he said sheepishly as he brought out a heaping plate.

"Smells delicious! What is it?" I breathed in the scent of Italian spices, my mouth starting to water.

"Pan seared scallops with pesto and heirloom tomatoes," he said proudly. He took off the apron, smoothing his dress shirt before sitting down. He looked incredibly handsome. "I hope you like it."

"Mmmm," I moaned taking a bite. It was delicious. "You made this? It's amazing!"

"Thanks," he grinned as he took a bite. "I'm getting better at this."

"Oh, so you have done this before. I feel so special," I teased.

"Yup. You know me and all my girlfriends," he replied sarcastically. I did know all his girlfriends. He knew I didn't date much in high school, and he thought that I had only been with Bobby. I cringed inwardly at the memory of me giggling on the phone to Andrew about how wonderful Bobby was. I had been so naive.

"So, you seeing anyone new then?" I asked playfully.

"Well, there is this one girl. I've kind of had a crush on her for a long time, but I don't want to go too fast," he smiled shyly at me over his plate.

"A crush, huh?"

"She kissed me once. I've wanted to kiss her everyday since then." Andrew looked directly at me, his eyes like blue flames drawing me in.

"Really?" I could barely breathe, my heart pounding in my chest. Andrew nodded slowly, his eyes never leaving mine. A smile blossomed across my face.

As if the moment was becoming a little too intense, he changed the subject. "But enough about my crush, I've been cooking all day. Let's eat!"

I smiled and we talked about mundane things while we ate. Work, family, the weather. He talked about how a bunch of people had come in looking for items to reduce the fire danger around the town. I had noticed the same at the grocery store. Every time we ran out of things to talk about, I seemed to be drawn to his eyes. We sat in a comfortable silence for minutes at a time.

Finally, the subject of our friends had come up. "I just don't know what to do," I said. "We promised."

"I don't know what to do either, but it's a bad situation for me either way," he said.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

Andrew set down his fork and came around the table, kneeling by my chair and taking my hand in his.

"Holly, I've loved you for as long as I've known you. I gave you my heart when I gave you those crayons in kindergarten," his voice faltered for a moment, his eyes capturing me completely. "The vow we made all those years has been the hardest promise I've ever had to keep. I meant to tell you after dinner, but I can't wait. I love you Holly."

My eyes brimmed with tears, my heart so full I was sure it was going to burst. I kissed him, every nerve of my body tingling with joy. His lips pressed against mine, his arms wrapping around me, pulling me closer.

I moved like it was a reflex, standing with him. He held my hand as we walked to his bedroom. The familiar blue sheets of his bed were there, neatly tucked in. He seemed to have straightened his entire room up, as if he had been embarrassed by it the last time I had been here. I laughed to myself, realizing he must have known we would end up here.

My feet flew up in the air as I fell onto the bed, carefree and ready for anything. I smiled at him, my top lip over my bottom lip in an innocent grin. I laid there, bent at the knees, my dress riding up. Had he wanted to, he could have taken a peak at the little black thong I had put on, but he was a gentleman. Maybe he already knew he had me...

He ran his fingertips up my legs, sending a shiver of delight through my body. My mind raced back to the make out session on the couch, the hair washing, and I knew that tonight was the night. Everything was perfect. I spread my legs open, exposing myself for him to see.

His eyes looked at the thong, the only item of clothing between him and my sex. Then, his eyes flicked up to me. I saw that he was sharing the same thought I was. Neither of us would be able to hold back.

He laid on top of me, and we began to kiss. The kisses were deep, hungry. The lust between us was immeasurable. His hands were all over my body, and he pulled the dress down off my shoulders. I couldn't wear a bra with it, so my br**sts were exposed immediately. He took one in his hand while flicking his tongue against the nipple of the other. I writhed underneath him.

I tried to undo the buttons of his shirt, but I was at an awkward angle. He knelt over my legs, and I could see how hard he was already. He unbuttoned his buttons and took off his shirt, throwing it to the floor before moving again to devour my bosom.

"Wait. Wait!" I cried out, and he jumped off me, as if scared that I was about to put the brakes on. I pulled the dress up and over my head, throwing it on the floor as well. "That dress cost me $39 on sale at Macy's. I don't want to mess it up too badly."

He grinned. Now that he was off me, he grabbed my feet in his hands. He kissed each of my toes tenderly. Normally I don't like my feet touched, but the way he did it wasn't gross at all. He kissed up my ankles, my calves, savoring every taste of my skin. He kissed up my leg, and I leaned back and closed my eyes.

As he passed my knee, I knew that he had no intention of stopping. He got down on his knees and pulled me to the edge of the bed, putting my legs up on his shoulders. He kissed up my legs, pausing for a moment at my panties. As if remembering the fact that I had stopped him there before, his tongue traveled around the lines of my thong as he waited for a rejection.

I didn't stop him this time. In fact, I relaxed, spreading my legs a little further for him. He took the hint, moving up to my special spot. Pleasure flooded through my body, as a little moan escaped my lips. I tangled my fingers through his hair, and that seemed to drive him wild. He began to pull down the thong, and I lifted my h*ps to assist him.

When the thong left my feet, he immediately moved back between my legs, going for my clit. Pleasure sang through my body. My mind flashed back to a time in high school when our group was hanging out.

Andrew had been so excited, telling us that he had found the perfect way to please a girl orally on the Internet. We had all laughed at him, and for a few days, he had earned the nickname "Alphabet Andrew". Still, as he worked on my body, I wondered if he was writing out the alphabet with his tongue on my cl*t right then. I didn't care, I just knew that it was fantastic.

With every lick, the ember of my desire burned brighter, threatening to catch into a full blown blaze at any moment. I felt my temperature rising, the heat consuming me from within. Tremors rocked my body as his tongue fanned the sparks that my body nursed. I felt the heat rising, felt the smoke, and where there's smoke, there's always fire.

When the flame ignited, my eyes squeezed shut. Delicious licks of fire washed over my every nerve, intensifying every sensation that I felt. The red color of the flames was all I could see, and my ears roared with the intensity of the flame.

When the fire had burned itself out, I looked down at Andrew. He had felt it too, the sheer power of the moment washing over him as well. I gasped for breath, and he knew that I was his at that moment. He still looked up at me, expectantly, waiting for a sign to proceed.

"Oh, Andrew," I gasped. "I need you. Make love to me."

He needed no further encouragement. With a smile on his face, he stood up and began to unbutton his pants. I watched the show with anticipation, knowing that I was about to recross a bridge that I had once crossed with a man I didn't love. I hoped that it would be a different experience this time.

I watched as he got nak*d, marveling at his fit body. He reached into his nightstand, pulling out a square wrapper. I grinned, reaching out and grabbed it. He looked confused for a moment, before I unwrapped it. I beckoned to him, and he smiled and came closer, his c*ck hardening in front of me.

I grabbed it in my hand, gently caressing it, watching as it grew to it's full length. I considered putting it in my mouth, giving him the same oral pleasure I had just received, but I felt the need to have him inside me. I put the condom against the tip of his now throbbing member, and slowly unwrapped it. He moaned softly as I touched the length of his shaft.

He sat next to me on the bed, and we shared an intimate kiss. The kiss lasted just a moment too long, so I took charge. I pushed him down on the bed, grinning as I did so. As I straddled his body, I felt the fear and the thrill of consummating a relationship with someone I cared for. He put his hands on my hips, and I teased him, rubbing my pistil against his stamen.

I watched his eyes go wide as I lowered myself onto him. His eyes closed and he relaxed back. As he filled me, I felt a sensation I had never felt before. It was one of fullness, both physically and emotionally. I wished I had never done this the other way.

Andrew seemed to regain his senses, and he moved his h*ps against me in tandem with my rhythm. We rocked against each other, and his eyes looked my body up and down. I loved the way he looked at me, like I was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. When our eyes met, he moved his hands up to my back, pulling me down into him.

Our bodies touched, every inch of my skin touching an inch of his skin. I felt as if we could merge into one person, as if our brains and bodies would soon be entwined forever. I never wanted the sensation to end, and as he began to thrust in and out of me, I knew that I would do anything to keep him, to keep this.

His eyes were still locked on mine, and his hands moved all over my back. His hands ventured upwards, moving to my hair, and the sensation was somehow even more intimate than when he had washed me. He continued to thrust within me, our passions rising. He was obviously feeling the same as I did, because suddenly he paused, and I knew he was trying to prolong the experience.

A hand went to my face, brushing the hair that had fallen into it behind my ear. I kissed his hand, loving the feeling of closeness that this moment contained. He moved his lips to my ear, whispering softly. "Relax."

I hadn't even noticed that I was so tense, my body aching for release. I smiled, and rolled to the side, trying to keep him within me. He followed, remaining within my body. I smiled. I never wanted us to be apart.

I lay beneath him, and again he rocked against me. The shaft of his c*ck rubbed against my clit, bringing me closer to orgasm. I reached up, grabbing his headboard, as he began to lick my nipple. The sensations combined, and I could feel the fire within me sparking up again. As I looked up, I saw lust in his eyes. His motions became more forceful, his need driving him now. I could feel my own fire spread to his body, and his own fire about to engulf his body.

I brought him in close, pushing my fingernails into his back. I wanted him, wanted him to feel the same pleasure I was about to feel. I felt him tense, and as his rhythm changed, our eyes locked again. I could see the pleasure rush through him, and I had tunnel vision as my own pleasure sent a firestorm of pleasure through me. Meteors crashed against the surface of my Earth as I felt his body shudder with release. Our eyes remained locked during the entire experience, and I never felt closer to another person in my life.

I could barely breathe, and I kept him locked in place, unwilling to let him leave my body. He lay against me, his face against the pillow, exhausted. We lay this way for what seemed like forever before he raised his head and kissed me. Our kiss was the kiss of lovers, separated by events beyond their control but finally reunited.

He whispered in my ear those five words I had wanted to hear my entire life. "I love you, Holly Davenport."

I beamed. "I love you too, Andrew Miller."

He pulled out of me, kissing me. Then he stood, quickly heading to the bathroom. I heard the shower begin to run and he looked at me in the doorway. "Are you coming, Lazybones?"

I laughed. "Only if you promise to wash my hair again!"

Chapter 12

Flames devoured the trees as they exploded from the inside. Nests abandoned to the heat blazed in a short glory. Young green leaves wilted and browned before succumbing to the fire's will. The landscape shuddered with the heat, the trees groaning for mercy. The fire showed no lenience.

Andrew held my hand as we both stared out the window, watching the world zoom past. It was quiet in the car as Audrey maneuvered the car towards the city. We were on our way to Elitch Gardens, an amusement park in Denver, courtesy of Ray and Audrey. The park had only been open for a week, but Ray had gotten discount tickets from a customer and invited us all to go. Luke turned down the opportunity to come with us. He was still avoiding us, so it was just Andrew, Audrey, Ray, and me.

Sprigs of green were starting to appear on the trees as we approached the city, the tiny leaves struggling to grow under a bright blue sky. It hadn't rained in weeks, but the grass was attempting to turn a pale green, the world full of growth and opportunity. We were all quiet as we drove, our minds busy with thoughts. I closed my eyes, feeling the car hum along the highway, remembering the past two weeks with Andrew. They were the happiest weeks I had experienced in years.

There was our date night at the pizza place, the flirting at my work, watching movies cuddled on the couch, the hot tub. The hot tub made me smile. We snuck into Andrew's neighbor's hot tub at two in the morning and messed around. I loved the way his fingers felt under the water, the jets, and the the splashing.

Just thinking about it made my insides start melting. It had never felt so comfortable with anyone. With Andrew, I could just be myself. Best of all, I liked who I was with Andrew. When I was with him I was the smart, sexy, and happy person I always wanted to be. The broken me didn't exist when he was with me.

There was some dark spots the past two weeks. Luke refused to speak to me since catching Andrew and me in the store, even leaving the grocery store when I was working. Andrew said Luke switched all his shifts so the two of them would never even cross paths.

He wasn't the only one mad with the two of us; Britney and Eli both avoided Andrew and I like we had the plague. Britney spoke to me once when she bought groceries and I was the only lane available. The anger and disappointment in her voice broke my heart. I had never felt so guilty in my life as when she reminded me how seriously Luke took his promises. The looks of disappointment they shot us on the street told us all we needed to know. I wished I had a way to make them see how happy Andrew and I were, a way to make us all friends again.

I felt the car slow as we exited the highway and turned onto the exit ramp. We quickly parked and headed into the park. I could see the Ferris wheel slowly turning, surrounded by the giant colored tentacles of the roller-coaster tracks. My adrenaline started pumping just looking at the coasters, feeling my excitement grow with every step into the park.

Andrew bounced around the parking lot like a kid on sugar, excited to ride the rides with me. Audrey and Ray followed slightly behind us, a distance between the two of them. It only struck me as odd for a moment before the childlike excitement of entering the park overwhelmed me.

Ray handed over our tickets at the entrance and the four of us entered the park. Carousal music floated on the spring air, the smell of cotton candy and popcorn winding through the street. I couldn't wait to get to the rides, but I waited patiently as Ray picked up a map.

"We don't need a map, Ray. I can see the coaster we want from here, and besides we have all day to get to the rides," Audrey said with just a hint of anger in her voice. I wondered what was going on between them. I looked over at Andrew, but he wasn't paying any attention.

"I'm using a map, because I like to have a plan. Seriously, this will take me five minutes and save us from wandering all over the park like idiots," he growled back at her. This time Andrew turned to look at the two of them, his face surprised.

"I know where we should go for the first coaster. If you two want to follow me, then we can look at the map in line and come up with a plan there," he said trying to break the tension. Audrey turned smiled at Andrew. It was a fake smile that I knew meant trouble.

"You know what Andrew, you and Holly go on ahead. We'll catch up."

"Thanks Mrs. Miller. We'll save you two a spot in line," I jumped in quickly grabbing Andrew's hand. He looked baffled for a second but let me lead him away. Just as they were almost out of sight I could see Audrey round on Ray, her face angry. Ray began to wave the map around and I was glad we were out of earshot.

"What was that about?" Andrew asked glancing behind us as we walked.

"I have no idea, but I didn't want to be there," I replied still pulling on his hand. "They don't need us there to watch them argue." I could tell he wasn't happy about the situation, but we continued on.

"What are they fighting about?" Andrew asked as we got close to the line for the ride.

"I guess the honeymoon is over. They'll be alright. They couldn't stay lovey-dovey all the time. They'll argue a little, and then by the end of today they'll be better. Promise," I said feeling confident in my relationship reading. I knew Audrey and Ray were good together, and I wasn't worried about them. Andrew seemed to debate the concept in his head for a moment before coming to the same conclusion.

"I guess you're right," he said grudgingly but then smiled and pulled me towards the end of line for the roller coaster. Since we had arrived early there was hardly a line and we were quickly to the turnstiles guarding the platform to the ride. I could feel my stomach rising in my throat, my heart starting pound as I watched the people before me strap into the coaster cars.

My hand was sweaty in Andrew's as our turn came and we pulled the safety bar down over our heads. The coaster lurched forward and my heart threatened to pound out of my chest. I focused on breathing as we climbed the hill, Andrew laughing anxiously next to me as we teetered for a moment at the precipice before falling forward at incredible speeds. I screamed, fear quickly turning into exhilaration as we spiraled and spun, defying physics for a short moment in time.

I stumbled out of my seat and onto the exit ramp, giggling as Andrew pulled me close for a kiss. I could taste his adrenaline, his heart pounding against my hand on his chest. The ride operator gave us a dirty look to keep moving and we hurried out to look at our picture. It only took a minute before the picture of the two of us screaming like little girls came up on one of the screens. I elbowed Andrew in the ribs, both of us laughing at our silly expressions. The line was still short, so we decided to ride it again. We were half way back to the ride entrance when a deep voice called my name.

"Holly Davenport? Holy shit, it is you!"

I turned slowly, praying that I wasn't hearing that voice. I felt my blood begin to chill.

"Hi Bobby. What are you doing here?" I said slowly.

"Not expecting to see you. Who's your friend?" Bobby's handsome face filled me with fear. I hadn't spoken to him since I told him I thought I was pregnant. I had hoped to never see him again.

"Bobby this is Andrew. Andrew, Bobby," I gestured to each person as I named them. Three of Bobby's friends stood behind him, silent and waiting. Anxiety built up in my chest. I didn't want him to be here.

"Andrew? Like the one from high school?" Bobby asked stepping closer. I nodded as Andrew smiled and reached out his hand.

"So you're Bobby? Glad to finally have a face to the name," Andrew said, honestly excited to meet him. I realized that I never told him what a jerk Bobby turned out to be; to Andrew, Bobby was the boyfriend I had gushed about and then just stopped talking about. He had no idea the pain Bobby had inflicted to me and other girls like me. I wanted to run away so badly.

"We'll, it was great to see you. Andrew and I have to go," I said quickly grabbing Andrew's hand. I pulled hard, trying to get us away. Andrew didn't resist me, but he didn't move quickly either.

"You're looking good, Holly. I thought you would be waddling around by now. Glad to see you got the baby taken care of," Bobby called out. Andrew froze, confusion painting his face as he looked at me.

The world spun like I was still on the roller coaster. Time slowed to show me every detail but still went to fast for me to stop the train wreck that was coming.

I watched the roller coaster launch another train of willing participants into the sky. Blue and pink cotton candy hung in the window of a cart. I couldn't move, my feet glued to the floor with my heart plummeting through them.

"It's too bad you took off like you did, Holly. James here wanted to try you next after I told him how good a ride you were. He was excited that he didn't have to worry about knocking you up, "Bobby sneered. He always did like to go for the pain. He never knew when to stop.

Andrew glanced from him to me, from the taunting perfect face to my bloodless shameful one. Horror filled his face as Bobby continued. "Andrew, have you heard the cute little noise she makes when she cums? If you get her drunk she'll kiss girls and then give you a bl*w j*b. I haven't found a girl that gives head that good since she decided she was too good for us."

Andrew dropped my hand and took two steps, his fist whipping out like lightning. Bobby wasn't expecting a sucker punch and he went down hard. His buddies stepped up like a wall, ready to beat the living shit out of Andrew, but Bobby waved them off. Bright red blood trickled out his nose and he wiped it with the back of his hand as he stood. He looked at the smear of red and smirked at Andrew.

"Holly, you got yourself a real prince. Keep her, Prince. I already used that whore up."

Red fury filled my vision, but before I could move Andrew grabbed my wrist. I struggled for a moment, Bobby's laughter filling my ears. I wanted to kill him, but Andrew held me tight as Bobby and his gang sauntered away. I could feel anger and revulsion flowing through his fingers as he clenched down on my wrist. His face was emotionless as he waited for Bobby to get out of his sight.

"What did he mean Holly?" Andrew asked quietly, releasing my wrist and pushing it away from him.

"Andrew, Bobby is a jerk, and-" I started. I could feel the tears growing behind my eyes. I wished so badly that we had just come out of the ride just a minute later. Why did he have to ruin my life again?

"That's not what I asked. What did he mean, 'glad to see you got the baby taken care of'?" Andrew faced me, staring me down. His blue eyes were cold. I held my wrist in my hand, unable to look him in the eye. He waited a moment then said with a voice cold as ice, "That's what I thought."

"No Andrew! I was never pregnant! I mean, I thought I might have been, but the test came back negative," I tried to explain. "Please, can we just sit down and talk about this?"

"So you thought you were pregnant. Was that scumbag the father?" His eyes blazed with a cold fury. I had never thought he would ever look at me like that.

"I wasn't sure," I started, trying to be truthful.

"You weren't sure? Just how many people did you fuck, Holly? Should I be getting tested? " He was practically screaming. I glanced around, my face growing hotter. People were starting to stare.

"Can you please not yell? I made some poor choices and I have some regrets," I said trying to keep my voice low. I didn't need people hearing about by bad decisions in the middle of an amusement park with their kids.

"Some poor choices Holly? I'm seeing some real poor choices. You thought you were pregnant and you weren't sure of the father. Tell me how that happens, Holly. Tell me how that happens and you don't at least mention it. Tell me how you do that to someone you claim to love," his voice had a low growl.

"I was at a party and I got drunk, Okay? I didn't tell you because I knew you would react this way. I didn't tell you because I am ashamed of it. I saw how you reacted to poor Louise and I'm no better than her," my voice cracked with a sob. He just stared at me like I had just landed from space. "I didn't tell you because I thought you would hate me and I couldn't bear the thought of that. You know me better than anyone Andrew."

"But you kept this from me! I've told you everything- things I've never told anyone, but you kept this from me. What else are you keeping from me?" Andrew's voice quavered with pain. "I thought I knew you. But apparently I have no clue who you are," he said softly. His eyes were blue pools of disdain shining out at me.

"Andrew, I love you. You said you loved me too," I whispered taking a step towards him. He held up his hands in disgust. His lips curled with revulsion as he stepped back.

"I loved the Holly I knew. Not you." He turned his back to me and starting walking away.

"Andrew, please!" I called out chasing after him. I touched his back and he squirmed out of my touch like I was something filthy.

"Do not touch me. I don't know you anymore, and I don't want to know you anymore," he whispered. Anger and sadness fought in his eyes as he turned away.

I couldn't breathe. My lungs felt like they were made of wet rags. Another burst of screams came from the roller coaster behind me. I felt numb. Nothing hurt and everything ached at the same time. I walked to a grassy spot near the entrance to the roller coaster line and collapsed to the ground. Everything was blurry and out of focus as I stared at a pebble on the ground. I rubbed my wrist, wondering if this was all just a horrible dream.

How did I get here? I knew why I didn't tell him. If I had told him he would have done the same thing. Maybe I was just better off with someone like Bobby.

No. I felt anger rise up, a hot fire burning in my belly. I didn't deserve that. I deserved someone who treated me like I was worth something. If Andrew couldn't see past my mistakes, then he wasn't worth my time. I didn't need him either. A tear dripped down my cheek, hot and painful. I knew I was lying to myself, feeding on anger to justify my pain. I wanted to scream. I wanted to hit something. I wanted to feel some kind of physical pain just to make my chest hurt less.

This wasn't how it was supposed to be. We had been happy.

I loved Andrew. I couldn't help it; I had loved him since I first kissed him walking home from school. It hurt more than anything to think that he could give us up. That he, of all people, couldn't see past my mistake. I was going to lose not only the love of my life, but my best friend too. I buried my head in my hands and cried, not caring at the people walking by and staring.

Chapter 13

The fire roared its dominance, throwing flame to the sky like fireworks. Light and shadow danced as the fire advanced, never stopping, never ceasing. Its hunger grew with every tree consumed, every blade of grass devoured.

I sat under the shade of a tree for a long time. Time lost meaning, my world ticking by on the regular interval of screams of the happy people on the coaster. I watched happy couples stroll by, hand in hand. Families with children running by. Teenagers giggling with friends. Laughter everywhere but in my dark little corner.

"Holly?" Ray's voice cut through the fog in my head like headlights. I looked up, knowing my face was tear stained and miserable. Mascara lined the collar of my shirt from me wiping my eyes. "Holly, are you okay?"

I shook my head no, not trusting my voice. My throat hurt from crying. I didn't think I had any more tears left in me. Ray came and sat next to me on the grass, close enough to hear me whisper but not touching. I noticed his face was pale, the handsomeness I had noted the other day was gone. He looked old and tired.

"I heard you and Andrew had a fight?" he said, staring straight ahead, his hands on his knees. I nodded, wrapping my arms around my knees in a ball of misery.

"Me and Audrey too. Apparently, today was not a good day for either of us," he sighed and looked up at the sky. It seemed strange that it was still so beautifully blue even though we felt so terrible. "Audrey took Andrew home. I called Luke. He's going to come pick us up," he stated softly. I felt a tear I didn't know I still had run down my cheek. Nothing was going right today.

"Luke's mad at me too," I whispered. My voice hurt.

"I know. He said that you promised not to date Andrew. Well, at least he won't be mad about you dating him anymore," he said trying to make fun of the situation. I just stared at him, my heart hurting too much to do anything else. Ray didn't know that this was exactly the situation we were trying to avoid all those years. His face fell back into sadness as he looked at me, "Sorry. I'm no good at this."

"Me neither," I said softly. A series of screams washed over us. "What happened with you and Audrey? I know you were arguing this morning about something, but it didn't seem that serious," I asked as rested my head on my knee. It felt nice to have someone to talk to, even if it wasn't something pleasant to talk about.

"Old wounds. Yesterday, I asked her something she wasn't ready for. Today it blew up it my face. Again. Maybe I'll learn someday," he said with a sigh. "I don't really want to talk about it."

I nodded. I didn't want to talk about it either. We sat there, both of us heartbroken and damaged in the grass watching the world go by. We didn't talk again, we didn't need to. We both hurt, but it hurt less to have someone there. We had a silent conversation, neither of us needing to speak but just needing to be heard. I was glad he was there.

Ray's phone rang. He actually had an old school phone ring as his ring-tone and something about that made me smile. It suited him.

"Luke's at the main gate. You ready?" he asked, standing slowly. He offered me a hand to stand. It was warm and solid; it felt good to have a connection to the living world. I dusted myself off and followed him through the park, watching the happy people like they were an alien species I couldn't understand.

Luke was leaning against the passenger side door of his beat up Camry. My feet faltered. I didn't want to face him. Ray glanced quickly between us and mumbled something about needing a bathroom and darted off to find a restroom. I stood exposed as Luke closed the distance between us. My heart rose into my throat and I felt sick.

Luke wrapped his arms around me, holding me close. I stood still as a statue, my brain too confused to do anything else. After a moment he put both hands on my shoulders and ducked his tall frame down to look me in the eye. I felt too much shame to look at him.

"Holly, you know I can't stay mad at you when you've been crying," he bent lower, trying to make eye contact. "Come here. This, too, will turn out alright in the end," he said pulling me in for another hug.

"I'm so sorry Luke. I never meant for any of this to happen," I said in a broken voice.

"It's okay. I forgive you. I just didn't want any of us to get hurt," he murmured into my hair. I appreciated that he never said "I told you so."

I sucked in a deep breath of him, his smell comforting and familiar. Leather, sawdust, and something that was just Luke. My walls broke again, knowing that Luke, my big brother, would never let me fall. I sobbed into his chest, as he held me close, rocking gently and murmuring into my hair.

Luke slowly released me as my sobs subsided. I didn't know I had any tears left, but I was now thoroughly drained. I just wanted to sleep. To sleep and wake up and have this be a bad dream. Luke guided me to the backseat of his car, Ray already in the passenger seat. He looked at me with eyes filled with sympathy and shared pain as Luke got in the driver's seat and started the car.

As we turned onto the highway, I could feel my eyes getting heavy. I didn't want to feel anymore and sleep beckoned to me. I rested my head against the window, the world blurring quickly as I drifted off. I could hear the radio singing softly, my tired mind picking up on the familiar lyrics. Elton John's voice sang "Your Song" like he was in the car.

I heard Ray take a shaky breath and I could see tears on his face. His breathing was uneven as he switched the radio off and we drove in silence. I closed my eyes and prayed for sleep. I didn't want anymore pain today.



I'm sorry. Please call me.

I sighed. I had sent him that message everyday for the past week and a half. He hadn't responded back yet. I wanted to cry.

"You texting him again?" Luke leaned against the door frame, sunlight streaming around him. My lips scrunched to the side as I nodded. I couldn't help the bitter expression. Luke crossed his arms. "You just have to give him some time. You dropped a bomb on him, and he is still trying to figure out what just happened. He'll come around."

"That's what you said last week. I just wish he would at least let me explain," I said with a pout, flipping my phone around in my hands.

"Holly, just give him time. He is hurting too," Luke said quietly. I put my phone in my pocket and walked outside. Luke's eyes followed me as I walked past him through the door, his arms still crossed.

It was beautiful outside. A perfect spring day in May. The news ran stories every night about how little snow we had received this year, but it was hard to complain when it was so gorgeous outside. The sky turned bluer every day as the heat of summer approached. Even though it was only May, I was wearing short sleeved shirts. The sun felt deliciously warm on my skin as I leaned up against the railing and looked out at the pine trees. This summer was going to be miserable. I could already feel the dryness in the air, the grass turning browner instead of green. I couldn't remember a spring this warm.

"Eli says it is so hot down in the city he has already turned on his air conditioning," Luke shook his head, talking about the weather as though he had read my mind. He stepped out onto the porch and sat down on the porch swing, his long legs bending awkwardly as he pushed himself backwards and forwards.

"And they say global warming isn't real," I said keeping my face straight. Luke rolled his eyes and stared off towards a group of aspen trees.

"You should come volunteer at the Fire Department pancake breakfast next week. It will be Tyler's last weekend here before Mom moves to California with him. He would love to hang out with you and we need a few more people to dish pancakes. It would give you something more productive to do than text Andrew," he looked at me with his eyebrows raised. "It'll be fun!"

"Will you take me for a ride in the fire truck?" I asked hopefully.

"We are giving rides to all the kids who come. If you volunteer, I'll let you honk the horn," he bartered with a grin.

"Can I wear your fire hat?"

"Only if you save me extra pancakes."

"Done. Count me in." I smiled. It would be something better to do rather than sit around and wait for my life to return to normal. Time I didn't have to sit and think about him. Besides, it was always fun to watch Luke and the other volunteer fire fighters show the kids the trucks and drive around the neighborhood. I looked at Luke as he sat swinging on the swing, glad to have a friend like him to keep me busy. "Hey Luke, I'm glad we're okay again. I missed having you around," I said quietly.

"I missed you too. Don't think I'm not still a little miffed at you, but Tyler said I should forgive you. He says I can be a little over-protective," he looked up at me, his hazel eyes catching mine.

"Tyler's a smart kid. How's he doing with the whole moving thing?" I asked. Luke's face dimmed a little.

"He's putting on a brave face and trying to be optimistic about it. He really doesn't want to go. I'm trying to figure out some of this legal mumbo jumbo, but I haven't gotten very far. Dad's trying to get the lawyers to do something, but, this divorce stuff is complicated," he said with a shrug.

"How's your mom?" I asked curiously.

"She's fine. I think she is starting to feel a little guilty about taking Tyler away from his friends. Unfortunately not guilty enough to stop. I'm going to keep working at her," he answered. He stared out at the trees, both of us listening to the wind for a moment.

"Are Ray and Audrey are still fighting?" I asked. Shadow barked in the distance.

"Yup, worse than ever. I actually wanted to talk to you about that. My dad had a couple of beers the other night and I found out why they broke up the first time," he said leaning forward. I sat down next to him on the porch swing, interested in what could have torn them apart.

"I couldn't get much out of him, but my dad said something about Audrey wanting to be a party girl, and you know him. He isn't exactly the partying type," Luke said. I nodded. I had been surprised by the number of dates Audrey and Ray went on that involved going out on the town; he always struck me as reserved and kind of shy.

"So apparently in college, Audrey made some decisions that Dad didn't agree with. She didn't want to get married until she graduated. She wanted some space. Dad didn't want to wait anymore. They had a big fight and broke up. I didn't pry too much more because I was just glad to get him talking."

Luke paused for a moment, and then spoke slowly, "There's more though. I've known for a while that I wasn't exactly planned. It didn't take a genius to figure it out, since I was born three months after Mom and Dad got married. What I didn't know is that Andrew wasn't exactly planned either."

"Wait, what? How?" I said confused. Luke took a deep breath. As he spoke I could see it in my head.

Audrey poured another shot from the bottle on the table. The room was all smoke and darkness while music played too loud from the boombox in the corner. Audrey leaned against the wall, drinking shots like water. The house party was beginning to fill as the night got darker, so she didn't even bother looking up when someone slid into the spot next to her.

"A pretty lady like you shouldn't drink alone," said the handsome stranger next to her. She didn't feel like being social, but at the same time she didn't want to be alone either. She looked him up and down, taking him in. He was tall, with light brown hair and striking blue eyes. Something about his easy smile drew her in. She could do much worse, and tonight of all nights she didn't want to go home alone.

"Well, you should have a shot with me so I'm not drinking alone," she said smiling. The handsome man held out his cup for her to pour a shot for him. It splashed a little as she poured the bottle.

"What are we drinking to?" he asked as he raised his glass towards hers.

"To forgetting," she said after a moment. He clinked her glass and they both gulped the liquid. She poured another right away, offering some to the stranger. He held his glass steady for more.

"What would someone as pretty as you need to forget?" She squinted her eyes at him, debating whether or not she should tell him. His smile seemed nice enough. The night was still young enough to find someone else if he left.

"My ex-boyfriend is getting married today," she said, watching to see his reaction. He simply nodded and took her bottle, pouring her another shot.

"Maybe I can help you forget then," he purred. She clinked her cup against his.

"He is a pretty hard guy to forget," she said, looking up at him through her eyelashes. He grinned and moved in closer.

"Then I'll give you something to remember," he whispered in her ear. She shivered, anticipation and instant desire flowing through her. Maybe it was the alcohol. Maybe it was the heartache. Maybe it was just plain loneliness, but she wanted him. She craved him, her body aching to be loved. Maybe it would let her forget.

"My name's Audrey," she said putting her hand out. He took and instead of shaking it, brought it to his lips and kissed it. She giggled.

"I'm Charlie."

"You mean, Andrew was an accident?" the words felt strange in my mouth. "Does Andrew know?" Luke shook his head.

"I don't think so. My dad didn't say it explicitly, but with what I could get out of him and the timing- it is too close to be coincidence," he said.

"Is that the reason they're fighting?" I asked. My brain was still trying to figure out the repercussions of what Luke had just told me. Somewhere in the pit of my stomach, acid began to boil.

"No, it was just something that came up. I think they just never really worked out why they broke up in the first place. I don't think they even know why they are fighting," he said with a sigh. "It sucks. They were really happy for awhile there. I thought your master plan was going to work for sure."

"It sure seemed that way. Wow, so Andrew was an accident." I couldn't seem to get past it. Luke just looked at me. "I mean, he's mad at me for being in the same situation that his mom was in. It's so hypocritical."

"It's not hypocritical if he doesn't know, Holly," he said softly. I stood up and started pacing the deck. My stomach rolled, my hands were sweaty. I wondered if I was going to get sick. I put my hands on the deck railing, and took a deep breath. The air smelled like pine trees and dust.

"I hate this. I want to be angry with him, but I'm just angry with myself," I wanted to cry. It didn't feel right to have Andrew angry with me. I wanted more than anything to go back and change things. My anger fizzled quickly, leaving me feeling hollow "Do you think if I had told him, things would have turned out differently?"

"I don't know Holly. Maybe. Maybe things would have turned out just the same or worse. There isn't anything to be gained by worrying about the should-have-could-haves," Luke answered patiently. I must have asked him that question everyday this week.

"I know. I'm just frustrated. Thank you for everything Luke. Thanks for putting up with me," I said as he stood up and stretched.

"Just keep giving it time," he said. He cracked his knuckles and opened the door back to the house. "I have to get going, my shift at the hardware store starts soon. Stop by the station sometime this week and put your name on the volunteer list. You want to carpool? I'll drive."

"Sounds good to me. I won't have a car this weekend, so I'll sign up on Monday," I answered.

"Why won't you have a car?" Luke asked pausing at the door.

"Mine is in the shop and Dad has to work this week. I have the weekend off, so I am just going to hang out here," I sat down on the swing. "You know, work on my tan and catch up on some reading."

"Oh, okay. I'm on fire duty all this weekend, but if you get bored, give me a call." He gave her one last look. "Alright then, I'm off," he said with a wave as he shut the door behind him. I was glad we were speaking again. At least one thing was right in my world. I stretched out on the swing, feeling the warm sunshine. The air was dusty and dry, the wood warm on my back. I lay there and contemplated what I had just heard from Luke.

It seemed so strange. Andrew was an accident. I guess it explained why Audrey and Charlie never had more kids. It was sad though. Audrey and Ray could have been happy together. They even got a second chance, but they were letting it fall apart over a twenty year old argument.

I glanced at my phone, hoping Andrew had texted me back. The screen stayed blank. I sighed and put it back in my pocket. This wasn't something that was going to be fixed easily. I had betrayed his trust. I felt my shame threatening to overwhelm me again, and this time there wasn't anyone to stop it. All I could see was the revulsion on his face when he thought I had been pregnant and didn't know the father. It was good he didn't know the things Bobby had done to me.

The swing creaked gently as a soft breeze came up the mountain. It was peaceful here. I closed my eyes and tried to absorb it into my soul. I could see all my mistakes lined up neatly and then they all fell like dominoes to squish me. I couldn't run from my past. I had to live up to it. Hiding from it had only made things worse.

I promised myself that if Andrew started talking to me again, I would tell him everything. Even the parts I didn't want to tell. He would know all of it because it was a part of me now. I wasn't going to make the same mistake twice.

I checked my phone again knowing that I hadn't heard or felt it. I just wanted it to ring. I wanted to move on, but I trapped by the past. It felt like an overgrown forest closing in around me. I couldn't seem to escape and I needed a hero.

Chapter 14

The heat made the air visible. Shimmering heat rose from the parched ground as the flames approached. The ground burned with embers, coals bright like eyes staring into the souls of the men who tried to stop it. The firefighters gave up ground reluctantly to the hungry flames.

I woke up thinking a storm was rolling in from the lack of sunshine, the glowing clock casting strange shadows in my darkened room. The sky outside was black with smoke, gray ash falling like desecrated snow. The smell of smoke permeated everything, even when I closed the windows and stuffed a towel under the front door. I stared out the window into the dark sky, wondering where the fire was. The fire danger had been marked extreme for over a month, but even then it was still early in the season for a fire this size. The dry winter and abnormally warm spring had made the entire area a tinderbox ready to burn.

I started a pot of coffee as I checked my phone and the home phone to make sure there were no messages, and turned on the TV. Flames engulfed a hillside as a news chopper circled in the sky. I recognized the hill as the sledding hill a couple of miles away. I watched in silence as my childhood memories burned.

"The small town of Conifer is burning this morning. Fire crews are struggling to contain a wildfire that started late last night off US-285. Mandatory evacuations via reverse 911 are in full effect for certain divisions of Conifer and the surrounding areas." The scene cut to firefighters in full yellow gear battling the flames.

I wondered if Luke was out there with them. Knowing him, he was probably right in the heart of things trying to save the day. A map of the town appeared with lines drawn for the fire. I was on the far side and up the mountain. My house didn't seem like it was in the line of fire.

"Winds are expected to increase as the day continues making hard work for the firefighters. We'll have more on this breaking story after the weather. Back to you Jim," the attractive reporter signed off and the scene returned to a desk in a studio somewhere. I clicked the TV to mute as a commercial for some sort of gadget blared out of the screen.

The house sat eerily quiet. A chill, like someone walking over my grave, hit me. I got half way to the kitchen to grab my keys before I remembered I didn't have a car. I glanced out the window at the smoky sky, wondering just how close the fire actually was. I checked the land-line phone again just to make sure I hadn't received an evacuation phone call. Nothing. Something didn't feel right though, and I decided to get some things ready in case an evacuation was called.

I pulled out an old duffel bag and threw in some clothes, toiletries and shoes. I then went upstairs and grabbed the photo albums, making sure I got the ones with my mom. The photos were all I had left of her.

I could remember her smile and the way she smelled, but she had died when I was four. I put the picture of her holding me, the both of us smiling for the camera in my pocket. I wondered if she was looking out for me, or just watching me and wondering what I was doing with my life. I found myself wishing she were there with me, helping me pack and keeping me from getting scared.

I grabbed some things for my dad, and of course the binder full of important legal papers. It all fit in the bag and I put it by the front door. I picked up a plastic grocery bag and filled it with dog food before double bagging it. That and Shadow's leash went by the door too.

The sky seemed darker outside, so I checked the home phone again, feeling a little silly. I still had this horrible nagging sensation that something wasn't right. I paced the house a couple of times, making sure that I had all the sentimental stuff from the walls as well as all the practical things. My pile by the door grew a little, but not much. I couldn't shake the edgy feeling. Smoke and flames flashed on the silent TV screen.

I picked up my cell phone, thinking I would call Britney or someone from work to come get me. There was a missed call and a text message. Both were from Andrew. I felt my heart quicken and I nearly dropped the phone, my fingers clumsily pressing the buttons to view the message.

Where are you?

I looked at the message confused. It wasn't at all what I was expecting.

Home. Can we talk? I hit send and waited for the return message. It came almost immediately.

Bing. Why aren't you evacuated? Why aren't you here?

I felt a cold sweat break out on my forehead, my back twitching. The phone started vibrating in my hands and I answered it. "Hello?"

"Holly? Why aren't you at the evacuation site? Are you alright?" Andrew sounded worried. I felt a strange comfort in just hearing his voice.

"I haven't gotten a call yet- I didn't think it was that close," I answered. There was so much else I wanted to say to him, but the worry in his voice made me wait.

"Holly, you have to get out of there- they are saying that whole mountain is about to go up once the wind shifts. You have get out of there now, Holly!" Andrew's voice was practically shaking. Or maybe that was just my hand. I glanced out the window at the growing smoke, suddenly feeling very afraid.

"Andrew, I don't have a car. I don't have a way to get out," my voice sounded strange in my ears. Distant, like it wasn't me talking anymore.

"Holly, I can't hear you.. yo..breaki...p...." Andrew's voice crackled in my ear.

"Andrew? Andrew!" I cried into the phone, but the line was only static. Fear pulsated through my body, my hands shaking as I put my phone in my pocket next to my mom. I swallowed hard and opened the front door. The smoke was thicker than when I had looked out at it earlier, and I threw my stuff out on the front porch.

I could see the road was still clear, and it was my only way down the mountain. I could walk that with Shadow and still carry the duffel bag. I imagined walking into the evacuation site and it suddenly becoming an entertaining story. I tried not to think about the part where I wasn't sure where the evacuation site was or that the closest house was half a mile away.

I picked up Shadow's leash and went to the back door. I stepped out on the porch, the smoke making me sneeze. I called to her, but I couldn't see her. She usually stayed close to the house, the electric fence keeping her penned in.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw the TV screen was dark. I hadn't turned it off. My stomach was creeping up my throat, and I battled to keep it down and to stay calm. I could handle this. The power was out, but I was leaving anyway. I swallowed on a dry mouth and stepped out on to the back porch. If the power was out then that meant the fence was down. Shadow couldn't have gotten far.

I started calling her name, choking on the haze surrounding the house. I couldn't leave her. She was probably terrified and running around trying to figure out what to do. I cursed silently in my head that I hadn't brought her in while I was gathering everything to go as I stepped off the wooden porch and started towards the trees lining the edge of the yard.



Andrew looked around the high school. It seemed like everyone he had ever known was there, milling around the gymnasium and talking in hushed tones. He looked around for Holly, wondering what he was going to say when he saw her. There was no way she was going to leave him alone if she saw him first. She had texted him everyday, the same thing: I'm sorry. Please call me. He had ignored every single one.

Andrew felt a little guilty at ignoring her. The initial anger of finding out that she wasn't who he thought had finally faded, but it was left with a cold apathy. The girl he loved was sweet and innocent, not some tramp who would sleep with anything that had a penis. She had changed in his eyes, and he didn't like the new girl he saw.

Andrew sat down with his back against the gym wall and watched as people moved and greeted one another. Ray waved to him as he sat down at a table and began talking with the other locals. Despite the fight with his mom, Andrew still liked Ray. He kept hoping they would work it out. There was free coffee and donuts in the cafeteria, and he considered getting up to get some. Breakfast had been a long time ago.

Audrey had woken him up early, the house still dark, after getting a phone call to evacuate. They had quickly packed what they could into their cars and headed to the high school. Audrey made sure Andrew was safe, and then headed to the clinic. The donuts were sounding better and better.

He was about to get up when he saw Louise sit on one of the band chairs people had dragged in, her belly swollen and pronounced. Andrew tried not to stare at her, but it was hard. How could she have done that to herself? He shook his head, pity lining his face. He felt so sorry for her, having to raise a child by herself. She looked so helpless. He stood up to get his donuts, and decided to ask if she wanted one as well. He made it three steps towards her before he stopped.

"I wasn't sure what you would like, and the book said you shouldn't have coffee, so I got you an orange juice. If you want apple, I bet I could find some."Jimmy Haskins knelt next to her with a juice and donuts, his face anxious as he handed her the food. Louise beamed at him, her smile transforming her face into a radiant beauty.

"Orange is perfect, Jimmy. Thank you. Come sit next to me and we'll split these donuts," she said. Jimmy's worried look disappeared instantly and he pulled up a chair as she began pulling the donuts in half. Andrew watched as the two of them laughed and fed one another donuts, their happiness pooling around them like sunshine.

Louise suddenly squeaked and put her hand on her belly, a look of surprise on her face. Jimmy moved closer to her, his worried, but she smiled and grabbed his hand putting it on his belly. Andrew watched as Jimmy's face filled with amazement and joy.

"He's kicking me! He's so strong! My little boy is going to be a football star!" Jimmy exclaimed. Delight poured out of him, as he kissed Louise, the two of them settling back into their happy bubble. Andrew found himself envying their happiness. The two of them radiated such a pure joy and hope for the future that Andrew actually wished he could share it. The thought caught him by surprise.

Andrew stood up and headed to the cafeteria, trying to figure out why he envied Louise and Jimmy. He certainly didn't want a kid yet. He wanted their happiness. Their certainty that the future was going to turn out right. It had to be an illusion. There was no way they could be that happy in that situation. Andrew picked up a couple donuts and a coffee and headed back to the gym, still keeping an eye out for Holly.

"Andrew," Louise called to him as he walked in. He headed towards her, slightly surprised. "Do you know if they have more of those donuts with the sprinkles on them?"

"Yeah, they just got another box in. Do you want me to go get you some?" Andrew answered.

"Oh, I'll get them. Got to take care of my girl," Jimmy said, patting Andrew on the shoulder. Andrew watched him go, before turning back to Louise.

"I didn't know you two were together," he started, trying to find a way to ease into a conversation. Louise laughed.

"I thought this baby was going to be the end of the world. But it wasn't. I've had a thing for Jimmy for as long as I can remember, but he didn't seem interested in me. Then this happened and I found out he had a thing for me too. This wasn't exactly what either of us had planned, but it is working out better than I could have dreamed. Jimmy is going to be a great dad," she said glowing.

"You mean he isn't mad about the whole situation?" Andrew asked bluntly.

"Mad? No. I suppose he was a little bit at first, but the whole thing is half his fault too. I didn't just magically get this baby in me. He helped," she laughed. "This isn't what I expected, but that's life. You take the good with the bad."

Andrew nodded slowly. Jimmy returned then with a plate full of donuts, and Andrew returned his seat. He said goodbye and walked slowly around the gymnasium, glancing every so often at the happy couple. He kept thinking of Holly. How happy she had made him feel. Her smile. Where was she? She should be here.

Andrew pulled out his phone. He had a vague uneasiness that he couldn't shake. He was about to open a text message, but he saw Mike, the manager of the grocery store. Holly was probably just working. Andrew put his phone back in his pocket and went to talk to Mike; that way, he could put his mind at ease without having to talk to Holly.

"Hey Mike, is Holly working today?" Andrew asked catching his attention. Mike shook his head.

"No, she had this weekend off. Besides, the store is now in the evacuated area- it's closed right now. If you see her will you tell her that the store is closed until further notice and she doesn't have to work?" Mike scratched the back of his neck and smiled.

"Sure. If I see her, I'll let her know," Andrew said politely. The tightness in his chest increased. There was something wrong. Andrew pulled out his phone. One message wouldn't hurt.

Where are you?

Andrew hit send, feeling a little better since he had done something. The tightness was still there though, and it would be until he knew Holly was safe. Just because he was mad at her didn't mean he wanted her to be in danger.

"The fire remains at zero percent containment here in Conifer, Colorado," blared out the TV reporter from the screen. Someone had brought a TV into the gym on one of the old stands he remembered from movie days in school. "Winds are gusting and severely hampering all efforts of the firefighters to stop this fire from spreading," the scene cut to the fire chief, his face covered in soot and ash. "Fire burns faster going up a mountain rather than down. The heat from the fire rises and pre-bakes the trees above it. With these gusting winds, the fire is jumping faster than we can contain it. It's going to take the mountain." A map of the area popped on the screen, with red marks all over the mountain. Holly's house was firmly in the red now, the arrows marking the fire's direction pointing right at her. Andrew's jaw tightened. No messages on his phone. Where was she?

Chapter 15

An epic battle. Men verses flame, spirit against nature. Water poured from hoses like rain. Planes and helicopters poured red dust as though it had no end. Masked yellow uniforms felled trees and dug trenches, giving the flames no place to run. The flames screamed in defiance, casting embers to the sky. The chief called for more. It had to be enough.

My voice didn't seem to carry in the smoke and I quickly grew hoarse. I knew I was going to have to leave with or without my dog soon if I wanted to make it off the mountain at all. I called out frantically, hating the idea of leaving her to smoke and flame because I couldn't find her.

I headed deeper into the pine trees, down towards the tree fort Andrew and I had made as kids. Luke's dad had given us scrap wood and we had made a fort one summer long ago. Shadow loved it in the trees by the fort. There was a family of squirrels that lived in the fort now and whenever the fence went down, Shadow would try and escape to the fort like it was her own secret base. I hoped I would find her there, but I knew if I didn't I was going to have to head back alone.

The smoke was darker in the trees, the dry needles crunching under my shoes as I headed down the steep slope. I couldn't see Shadow anywhere and my voice hurt from the smoke and screaming. I turned to head back, hoping the dog was smarter than me and waiting back at the house. A flash of golden fur caught my attention in the trees up ahead, and I called out to her and ran forward.



He hit the speed dial. Holly's phone rang and went to voice mail. He was going to be furious if she was just somewhere else and doing this to make him worry. He started pacing, chewing on the inside of his lip. Something was wrong and it was making his whole world feel off balance.

Bing. Home. Can we talk?

He barely read the message before replying, Why aren't you evacuated? Why aren't you here? He glanced at the TV, where the image of fire danced on the screen. He didn't wait for her to type back. He hit the call button, anxious to hear she was alright. She couldn't possibly be at home- why would she ignore the evacuation call?

"Holly? Why aren't you at the evacuation site? Are you alright?" He wanted to scream into the phone.

"I haven't gotten a call yet- I didn't think it was that close," her voice crackled over the line. He was glad to hear her voice, but her answer terrified him as he looked at the fire map.

"Holly, you have to get out of there- they are saying that whole mountain is about to go up once the wind shifts. You have get out of there now, Holly!" His hand was shaking as he pressed the phone to his ear. He could barely hear her as she told him she didn't have a car.

"Holly, I can't hear you- you're breaking up. Holly? HOLLY!" he yelled into the phone, hearing only static on the other end. He tried to dial her again, but it went straight to voice-mail.

A cold doom settled around his shoulders. In his mind he heard her screams as the fire engulfed her. The ash from her burned home falling on his head, her voice calling his name. He had to do something.

"You alright, Andrew? You look like you saw a ghost," Ray put his hand on Andrew's shoulder, shocking him out of his morbid daydream.

"Holly didn't get the evacuation call. She's still at home," he whispered, his eyes big as saucers. Ray paled and swallowed hard. The two men's eyes met.

"I'll get my truck," Ray said. Andrew nodded and followed him out to the parking lot.



I heard the crack before I felt it, my foot sliding into a hole and twisting as I fell. The pain was immediate, and I struggled to pull my foot free. Small branches and sticky sap caught in my shoelaces, as I pulled it out of the hole. It flopped on the ground, bending the wrong direction. Tears filled my eyes, burning against the smoke. It didn't hurt as much as I expected, but I had a feeling that would quickly change.

I struggled to my knees, tears running down my face. I looked up and saw Shadow coming towards me through the trees, her long tail wagging. She licked my face, taking tears and soot as I held onto her soft fur. She whined softly as I hooked her leash to her collar, and prepared to stand.

It was so quiet. The birds had stopped singing. I heard the wind in the trees, the pine needles rustling together in fear of the flame. A primal panic started to grow in my belly, a need to run, to flee and escape. I battled to my feet, but my ankle shot lightning bolts of red pain through my leg. I couldn't put any weight, let alone walk on it. I bit my lip, trying to distract myself from the pain.

I needed a plan. "Come on, use your brain, Holly!" I yelled out into the woods. The trees absorbed the sound but it released the fear out of my brain. Inspiration struck- my old bicycle was in the garage. I had to make it back to the house. If I made it to the garage, I could pull out the bike and coast down the hill and not need my ankle. I knew the tires were flat, but at this point that was the least of my worries. I looked at Shadow and she wagged her tail. I told myself she was trying to encourage me. I took a step and screamed as I collapsed on the ground.

It took a minute for the red haze of pain to lift. I had to keep moving, the fire was coming. I had to get to the garage and to my pink bicycle. I could do it. I had to do it. I started crawling on my hands and knees, the pine needles and dried grass poking and sticking to my skin. Pine bark and rocks scraped my knees, but at least I was moving forward. All I had to do was get to the garage.



Ray skidded to a halt in Holly's driveway and Andrew ran up to the front door. He froze as he saw it was open, a duffel bag and dog food sitting on the front porch. He pushed the door open, calling out her name. The house was deathly quiet. Andrew's hair stood on end. Where was she?

"I'll throw her stuff in the truck. Where is she? Could she have gotten a ride from someone?" Ray asked picking up the bag and throwing it over his shoulder. Concern flooded his voice. Andrew shook his head and ran his hand through his hair. This felt wrong.

"We had to blow through that barricade- I doubt anyone is left up here. I'm going to check the back- she is probably just getting Shadow," Andrew said, hoping he sounded more confident than he felt. Ray nodded and started putting the bag in the back of the truck. Andrew ran through the house, calling her name just to make sure she wasn't inside before heading out on the back porch.

The swing creaked as a gust of wind caught it. It smelled like burning up here, the sky turning pitch black. He looked down into the yard, hoping to see Holly walking up with Shadow, but there was nothing. A sickly yellow sunshine broke through and fell on the empty yard; it made Andrew's blood run cold.

"Power's out," Ray said joining him on the porch. Andrew's head turned quickly towards him.

"That mean's Shadow's fence is out- Holly must be looking for her," Andrew felt a slight sense of pride that his voice didn't quake. He felt like every word should have come out vibrato.

"Would she have gone after her dog? The fire is going to get here any minute," Ray shifted on his feet, his eyes scanning down the hill for any trace of flames.

"She didn't know how close it was. She would have gone for her dog," Andrew glanced at him.

"We look then," said Ray with a nod. "We won't leave here without her."

"If Shadow got loose, then she probably went to the fort. We'll check there first," Andrew said.

"We better hurry," Ray's voice filled with urgency. Andrew looked out and from the vantage point of the porch could see embers starting to float up from the trees in the valley.

Andrew sprinted down the hill towards the old fort, Ray close behind him. He had to find her. He had to save her. He could never forgive himself if he lost her this way, without telling her he was sorry. Without telling her that he loved her.



It was easier to breath down low to the ground, but the smoke still made my lungs hurt. I pulled my shirt up over my nose, but I still had to concentrate on not coughing, breathing only through my nose. My eyes watered with the soot, and I could feel tears tracking down my face. Shadow kept with me, whining gently and pulling me towards the house. I just had to get to the garage.

I was so tired. It didn't seem like crawling would be that much more effort, but the incline, the rocks, the slip of the pine needles and the pain in my ankle were taking a toll. I pulled myself to a tree and leaned my back against it. It hurt to breathe, but my lungs begged for oxygen.

Shadow whined and pulled softly, her eyes looking past me. I followed her line of sight to the edge of our property. A faint glow was starting to creep into the trees. The fire was coming. I felt a surge of adrenaline push through me, my ankle and the pain forgotten. I had to get to the garage. My pink bicycle. If I could just get there everything would be fine.

I started moving again, moving forward on sheer will. I could hear a crackling noise growing behind me. I didn't know if the heat was the fire or just my imagination, but I knew I was sweating. Shadow pulled me by her leash, the house in throwing distance. I didn't know I could be this tired; I didn't know I could hurt this much. The adrenaline was wearing off, but I still had a ways to go. My hand slipped on a pile of pine needles, causing me to nose dive into the ground. I tasted dirt and pine sap. The garage seemed so far away. I looked behind me and I could see orange beginning to dance in the trees.

Flames danced like sprites across the branches, while orange and red imps frolicked on the dry grasses below. The smoke was black and heavy, waving into the sky like the hair of a demon. It was beautiful in a destructive way. I wondered if I was going to die of suffocation or burns.

Shadow barked, a high pitched yelp that made me look back towards the house. The sky was almost blue compared to the demon crawling up the backside of the hill. She whined and pulled on the leash. All I had to do was make it to the garage. Shadow would never let me live it down if I didn't at least try. I forced my body to move up the hill again.

I barely made it the length of my body up the hill before sliding back down the incline again. I didn't remember this hill ever being this steep. I started to cry, tears running down my face. I could hear a noise that reminded me of bonfires and camping, knowing the flames were coming closer.

Shadow whined, tugging on the leash. I let her go. Maybe she could make it out. I wondered if Andrew would feed her for me. I just wanted to give up. Just to rest for a moment. A small voice started screaming in my head, screaming that I didn't have a moment. I had to get up and move. It coaxed and pleaded with me to keep going. The voice in my head finally resorted to wondering what people would think when they found my body; what Andrew would think.

"Fine, I'll move. They will find my body clawing up this damn hillside," I growled and grabbed the earth, forcing myself up. There was no way I was going down without a fight. My hands were bleeding, covered in tiny scratches from broken pine branches and rocks. I couldn't feel my knees anymore, but I was sure they were nothing but hamburger by now. I knew I wasn't imagining the heat anymore, the sweat evaporating as fast as I could make it. I could barely breathe. My eyes were full of dirt and smoke, I could barely see and I didn't dare wipe my eyes. Shadow began barking, the noise seeming hazy and far away.

"I am coming you damn dog! I am going as fast as I can! I am not as good on four legs as you are," I snarled, digging my fingers into the ground and pushing forward. I had to just make it to the garage.

"Holly?" I thought I heard Andrew's voice. It couldn't be Andrew. Andrew was mad at me. I loved him though. Didn't people always say they heard the voices of people they loved when they were dying? A hallucination. I knew I had to be imagining his voice. I loved him and my brain was letting me hear him one last time.

"Shadow, come here, girl! Where is she? Where is Holly?" That seemed a strange thing for my imagination to say. But, I was going to die, so who knew what my imagination might come up with. I reached for another handful of earth. Shadow kept barking.

"Holly! Ray, I found her!" Andrew's voice seemed closer, but still far away. I held onto the ground, my fingers pulling at the grass to keep moving forward. I felt hands on my shoulders. I looked up and saw a shirtless Andrew picking me up. Now I knew I was hallucinating.

"I got you Holly, I got you," Andrew whispered into my ear. "Can you walk?"

I felt my lips make the motion but no sound came out, so I just shook my head. Andrew picked me up like I was a child, cradling me in his arms. He was so handsome in the firelight. I wished Shadow would stop barking, she was ruining the moment.



The smoke was getting thicker, and Andrew pulled off his shirt and held it up over his nose. The acrid fumes burned the inside of his nose. It was hard to see, the fire's smoke blocking out the sunshine and filling the air with ash. He started calling out her name, his voice frantic.

Shadow barked. He spun on his heel, heading along the hill towards the frantic barking, calling out for Holly. Shadow ran up to him, nuzzling his hand and wagging her tail.

"Shadow, come here, girl! Where is she?" Andrew asked picking up her trailing leash. As if he expected an answer, he asked again. "Where is Holly?" Shadow whined and pulled him down the hill.

Holly lay on the ground, her hands dug into the steep hillside like she was fighting to stay upright. Pools of pine needles lay around her, her face covered in dirt and ash. "Holly!" he cried. He could see the fire in the trees, flames licking up and down the parched bark. He dropped his shirt and ran towards her yelling, "Ray, I found her!" as Shadow barked.

Her lips were white against the ash on her face, her dark hair tangled and filled with needles and branches. He put his hands on her back, checking to see that she was breathing. He started whispering to her, as he brushed her off and pulled her to sitting. She stared blankly at him, like she couldn't believe he was there.

"Can you walk?" He asked. She looked confused for a moment, her lips forming a no as she shook her head. The heat from the fire was making him sweat, he could hear it roaring in the distance like a hungry beast. He scooped her up, and she put her head on his shoulder as he started back up the hill. She seemed so light in his arms, like he could carry her forever. It only took a moment to make his way up the hill and around the house, calling out to Ray to start the truck.



I felt Andrew power up the hill, holding me close to his chest. He made the distance between where I was and the house in a matter of seconds where I had struggled for what seemed like hours. I wrapped my arms around his neck, breathing in his masculine scent. His bare skin didn't smell like smoke, but like running water and sunshine. He was so solid beneath me, his body pressed against mine. I wondered if he was going to the garage, because we would never fit on my bicycle together. A car horn sounded as Andrew rounded the corner of my house, Ray's truck in my driveway.

"Ray, I got her and Shadow- I think she's going into shock," Andrew shouted.

"Get in the back and lay her down, we gotta get out of here now!" Ray yelled back. I heard a metal thunk as the back of the truck slammed down. Andrew set me down gently on the warm metal, and called Shadow's name. She jumped up next to me, her fur brushing my leg. Andrew slammed the truck gate up and jumped in the back.

"Go! Go!" He yelled, pounding the side of the truck, gathering me back up in his arms. The engine revved and I peeked out over the side of the truck. My house stood illuminated against a sea of black and sparks. I never did make it to my bicycle.

Chapter 16

The flames died slow painful deaths as they starved for more. There was no more. The trees were gone, the grass was gone, the bushes were gone. It had nowhere left to go. The firefighters pressed on, determined to never let the flames rise again. They searched for any hint of flame. No glowing ember was left alive to burn. Shovels buried, water quenched, and eyes hunted. No quarter was given, no mercy to the flames. The fire must not be allowed to continue, too much was at stake to let it start again.

Andrew brushed the hair out of my face, peering down at me. His blue eyes stood out against the soot on his cheeks. His hair was a mess with streaks of black from where his dirty hands had brushed through it. The truck engine roared as Ray sped down the road. Andrew smiled down at me and kissed my forehead.

"You came for me," I whispered. It was easier to breathe now, but my throat still felt like I had swallowed lit charcoal.

"Of course I came for you. I will always come for you," he said tucking my hair behind my ear. My head was spinning. This had to be a dream. I was either going to wake up safe in my bed, or still trapped on the mountain by fire.

"But, you're mad at me. You wouldn't talk to me," I whispered. My fingers buried themselves into his skin; I was afraid if I let go of him, I would wake up. He felt solid underneath me and I didn't want to lose that.

"I was mad. But when I thought I might lose you, I..," Andrew's breath caught and he held me tighter. He cleared his throat and said softly, "I couldn't bear to lose you."

"I'm sorry I didn't tell you. I should have told you everything from the beginning, but I loved the way you looked at me. Like I was perfect. You didn't look at me like I was broken," I said. The truck hit a bump in the road and I yelped. Andrew held me protectively, his face full of concern. I didn't know I could feel pain like that.

"Holly, I love you. I have always loved you. I wish you could see what I see in you," he kissed my head gently. "You aren't broken. A little bruised, but not broken. Well, maybe your ankle, but not your spirit," he smiled at me. I tried to smile, but everything was starting to hurt. Just breathing hurt.

"I thought I was going to die," I whimpered. He nodded and wrapped his arms tighter. I felt so safe in his arms. "All I wanted to do was tell you I love you."

"You can tell me now," he whispered with tears in his eyes.

"I love you, Andrew."

"I love you, Holly." He kissed me. It felt like life was rushing through me, colors and emotions overwhelming everything. I lived in that kiss.



The truck slowed, and turned into the parking lot for the emergency clinic. The lot was fairly full and people were milling around the building. Ray came around and unlatched the gate, making sure Shadow was tied to the bed of the truck. She lay quietly in the corner on the driver's side, her dark eyes taking in everything. Andrew carefully handed me off to Ray; I felt like a small sick child in Ray's long arms as he carried me into the clinic.

The clinic was a busy scene of organized chaos. The waiting area was full of patients waiting to be seen. Ray carried me up to the desk, the smell of smoke drifting behind us. The receptionist looked up, startled, her eyes going wide. She stammered and handed Ray the patient sign-in sheet before running to grab a nurse. I rested my head against Ray's shoulder, watching the other patients stare at the three of us. My ankle hung limply, and as long as I didn't move it I could ignore the pain.

"Seriously Anna, what could be so important that...." Audrey's words trailed off as she turned the corner and saw us. Her face went pale, then red, then pale again. I just wished I could lay down and sleep. "Get them in a room now."

A woman in blue scrubs rolled up a gurney, and Ray set me down gently. I hissed with pain when he carefully moved my foot up onto the gurney. Andrew held my hand as we rolled toward a room made from curtains.

I caught my reflection in the glass of a picture frame and nearly jumped off the mattress. No wonder we had startled the receptionist. I had twigs and bark tangled in my hair, with soot and tears making a frightening mask on my face. Andrew and Ray didn't look much better, covered in ash and soot. Andrew was still shirtless, soot and my blood smeared across his chest. I almost wanted to giggle at how frightening we all looked.

Once in the curtained room, Audrey came in and hooked me up to the monitors and put a plastic oxygen tube in my nose. She relaxed a little as she asked me questions and found my vitals were steady. Andrew and Ray listened and added to my story as I told her what happened. Audrey gasped and looked back and forth at the two of them as I told her how they saved me. My own personal heroes. Audrey looked like she was debating strangling them both for risking their lives or hugging them for saving me.

The woman in blue scrubs returned with a plain white t-shirt for Andrew. Then, she shooed the males out of the room to let me change into a hospital gown. I felt better after laying down and not breathing toxic smoke, but still beaten and tired.

She was gentle, but I still held my breath as she maneuvered my torn shorts over my ankle. It was so swollen and painful that I yelped despite her best efforts. I made her check the pocket for my mother's picture. She handed it to me and I held onto it like it was a winning lottery ticket.

As soon as I was decent, Andrew was back holding my hand and distracting me from the pain. The blue-scrub lady brought me a warm washcloth and I wiped the grime off my face. It felt luxurious.

Audrey came in and started an IV, pumping drugs and liquids into my system. She specifically refused to look at Ray, focusing only on me. The drugs hit my system and I felt loopy; the pain was still there, but I no longer cared. Pain didn't matter anymore.

"Holly, we are going to take you down for an X-ray to look at your ankle in a few minutes. You doing okay for now?" Audrey said as she hung a bag of fluids above my head.

"I'm better now. Audrey?" I felt the medicine making me bold. I couldn't stop the words from pouring out of my mouth, "Why are you fighting with Ray?"

The room went quiet except for the constant beeping of the machine recording my vitals. It reminded me of crickets chirping after a joke. Everyone was staring at me.

"Holly, that's not really important right now. You just rest," Audrey finally said, patting my good leg gently.

"No. It is important. You two were happy and no one can give me a straight answer why you aren't together and happy." The words just poured out of me. Andrew squeezed my hand, and looked expectantly up at his mom.

"She's right mom. Doped-up Holly has a point. Neither one of you has given me a reason that actually makes sense. You say it's his fault, he says it's yours. So I want to know why you aren't together," Andrew said firmly.

Ray dropped his eyes to the floor. Audrey played with her pen, biting her lip.

"Andrew, this is between Ray and I. This is not the time or the place to discuss our relationship," she said firmly, her voice taking a chastising tone.

"No, this is exactly the time," I interjected stubbornly. "I saw fire today. Once you light a fire it has to burn and it doesn't care if this is the time or place. Fire either burns brightly or it fizzles into nothingness and smoke. Without the fire, there is no light. So, are you two burning or fizzling?" I demanded. I wanted an answer. Andrew looked at me and I shrugged. I might be confused from the drugs, but it had sounded poetic in my head.

"I'll be here, marking time for as long as you need me to," Ray said softly into the quiet room. Audrey's hand suddenly went to her throat as her eyes filled with tears.

"Ray," Audrey whispered dropping to her knees in front of him. He looked up at her, his smile shy and timid. He looked so much like Tyler that I wondered if their shyness was genetic. There was a sweetness in his eyes that I couldn't look away from. Audrey looked at him for a long time, her eyes searching his face. She started to smile, her eyes going bright like she had just discovered the answer to a difficult puzzle. "I should have said yes a long time ago."

She leaned forward and kissed him lightly. Ray's face lit up like the Fourth of July before he caught himself and looked at her seriously. "Really?"

"Yes, really," Audrey nodded and giggled, grabbing his hands. Ray's smile was the happiest I had ever seen. He kissed Audrey with so much excitement and emotion it was hard to look at them without being blinded by the light of their joy. I looked over at Andrew confused. He smiled and whispered into my ear.

"When Ray asked Audrey the first time to marry him during the band practice, she said no. That's when he said, 'Then I'll be here, marking time for as long as you need me to.'"

"You mean they're getting married? That's why they were fighting?" I blurted out. Audrey and Ray looked at one another and started laughing, tears rolling down their faces. I looked perplexed at the two of them, waiting for an answer.

"Yes, Holly, we're finally getting married," Audrey finally managed to get out. She kissed Ray's cheek and stood up smiling. "But, you young lady, are going for an X-ray."

"Can I go with her?" Andrew asked, his soot smudged face smiling. Audrey nodded and moved the curtain aside, stepping out to let the blue-scrub lady in. Ray's eyes followed her like she was the light of his world, a smile permanently carved into his face.

We left the two of them in my curtained room, holding hands and giggling. Andrew held my hand as the gurney glided silently down the hall.

"I don't get it. Why were they fighting?" I asked, my mind still jumbled by pain and medication.

"Ray asked Mom to marry him. She kind of freaked out. I asked her about it on the ride home from the amusement park. She felt like she was in high school again and like everything was going too fast and she was missing out on things. I think she just realized that by saying no, she was missing out on an even better thing," Andrew explained patiently.

"Oh. Well that makes sense," I said matter-of-factually. Andrew laughed.

"We should put you on this medicine more often," he chuckled.

"Why? You want your mom and Ray to get married more often?" I countered. The woman in the blue scrubs snorted and she and Andrew laughed. We had arrived at the X-ray room, so she helped me sit up and slide onto the table in the center of the room.

I lay very still, listening to the X-ray machine hum and chirp. I could see Andrew behind a plexiglass window, smiling at me. I closed my eyes and let happiness flow through me. I may be broken, but I was going to get fixed.

Chapter 17

A cheer went up. The fire was retreating, forced to consume itself instead of the landscape. Tears of joy mixed with the ash still raining from the sky. The fire wasn't defeated, but hope glowed in the eyes of the people. A renewed energy, a promise of success gave energy where there was none before, powered the hoses and shovels. They would be victorious.

"Thanks Aunt Heather, we'll be there soon," Andrew said into his phone. He turned and smiled at me, pushing the wheelchair towards the exit. "Aunt Heather is all ready for us to come stay with her. She has a bed made up for you on the ground floor so you don't have to go up the stairs."

I smiled as he pushed through the doors and out towards the car. Andrew helped me hop into the passenger seat, gently guiding my ankle into the car. The doctor had put a cast on my ankle and I had to check with an orthopedic specialist in a week, but I was able to go home with pain medication. Since I no longer had a house to go home to, Andrew's "aunt" had volunteered to take us in. She had been watching the fire on the news and had called with an offer of a place to stay the minute she saw the evacuations.

"Mom says she is going to stay up here. The clinic is short staffed and she wants to stay and help, so it will just be the two of us at Aunt Heather's," Andrew said conversationally as he pulled out towards the highway.

"Sounds good. I'm excited to meet this Aunt Heather. I bet she has lots of great stories about your mom," I said, relaxing into the seat. I had just taken more pain medication, but it hadn't kicked in yet. My ankle was beginning to ache, so I shifted in my seat trying to get comfortable. "Have you heard anything more from my Dad? I remember talking to him before they gave me more of that medication, but I don't remember what I said."

"Your dad is fine but he was worried about you. He said you sounded out of it, but I told him you were on some pretty serious pain killers," Andrew answered. "He said he could change his flight to come home sooner, but there really isn't anything he can do at this point. I made sure to give him Aunt Heather's phone number and address, and he said he will give you a call tonight."

"Thanks Andrew," I said putting my hand on Andrew's leg. He smiled. "How about Luke?"

"Luke gave me a call while you were sleeping. He had been up for 24 hours by that point so he was pretty tired. He said the fire is an absolute mess. They've lost over 20 houses just today, and it is getting close to the town. He doesn't think they are going to be able to contain it for a long time. He's doing alright though- wishes he could do more, but that's just Luke," Andrew said. The car hummed down the winding road, my ears popping as we came out of the mountains. I could feel my eyes getting heavy, the medication finally kicking in.

"Do you mind if I fall asleep for a little bit?"

"Sleep away. I'll wake you when we get there," Andrew said, turning the radio down. I smiled and curled up into the window, confident that Andrew would take care of me. I quickly fell asleep lulled by the hum of the road.



Flames. Fire everywhere. There was no where left to run... I had to get out, but I couldn't walk. The heat was rising, smoke everywhere- I couldn't breathe-

"Holly! Holly, wake up! You're having a nightmare," Andrew said shaking my shoulders. I woke up shaking, sweat covering my body.

"The fire- the fire was going to get me!" I wanted to scream.

"Shh, shh, it's okay. It was just a dream, you're okay," Andrew's voice was soft and soothing as he held me in his arms. I held onto him like I was drowning, like he was the only stable thing in my world. It was the third night in a row I had woken up screaming about fire. After the first night, Aunt Heather put an air mattress in my room so Andrew could sleep there at night. She didn't want us sleeping in the same bed, but she didn't want me to be alone with my nightmares.

"It was so real," I sobbed, burying my face into his shoulder. He hugged me tighter and rubbed my back.

"It's alright, I'm here. I won't let the fire get you," he whispered. I sniffed and wiped my face with the back of my hand.

"Thank you for saving me," I said, looking up at him. He smiled.

"You know I will always save you," he whispered back, kissing me softly on my forehead. "Do you need more meds?"

"No," I said shaking my head. "I think they are giving me the nightmares."

"Can I get you anything?" he asked, his hand still rubbing my back gently.

"Just stay with me. I don't want to go to sleep again. Not yet," I said. I could hear the fear in my voice despite my best effort to hide it.

"I'll stay here with you as long as you want," he said. I leaned into his strong arms, feeling his body wrap around me. I reached up and touched his face, tracing the curve of his jaw. His two day stubble felt rough beneath my fingers, but I liked the way it felt. I wrapped my hand around the back of his neck and pulled him into a kiss.

His lips were soft and inviting. He kissed me back, deeper this time, a passion stirring within me.

"Your aunt is working tonight, right?" I whispered, a naughty grin spreading across my face.

"She isn't supposed to be home until eight," he answered slowly, my grin mirroring on his face.

"Then kiss me again," I whispered.

"Gladly," he replied, his voice gaining a husky quality. He kissed me, our lips meeting and merging, tasting one another. He gently bit my lower lip, making me moan softly. His kisses flowed down my neck, stopping to nibble on the curve of my shoulder. My body temperature was rising, a primitive need beginning to take control.

I grabbed the bottom of his t-shirt, pulling it up over his head. He wiggled out of it, tossing it to the side as I ran my fingers down his front. His muscles hardened under my hand, as he kissed my shoulders and neck. He nuzzled the strap of my tank top, pushing it until my shoulder lay exposed in the moonlight. He bit it gently, sending a thrill through me. His hand crept up the soft fabric, cupping my breast in his hand through the thin material. My nipple beaded into a tight point as his fingertips caught it, and he let out a chuckle.

With his opposite hand he pushed the other strap of my shoulder, his thumb gently rubbing against my nipple. A low moan escaped my lips, and I could feel him smile. He let go of me for just an instant, pulling my tank top up over my head. Moonlight caught the curves of his shoulders and highlighted the grin on his face. I lay back slowly, feeling his eyes absorbing me.

With touches lighter than feathers, he slowly traced his fingers across my collarbone and along the curves of my br**sts. My breath caught in my throat as he traced gentle designs across my skin. He chuckled again, a sound that made me dampen with excitement. Keeping his fingers gently caressing the tender edge of my far breast, he bent down and took the other in his mouth.

I arched my back as he flicked his tongue against my nipple, waves of heat rolling through me. His suckled gently, still teasing me with his fingers as his hand crept lower and lower. His fingertips brushed my bellybutton and crept down to the elastic waistband of my pajama shorts. I tensed for a moment as he slid under the band and pushed his fingers against me.

He pushed gently at my panties, his fingers navigating to find me pleasure. In less than a heartbeat he began stroking across the fabric, teasing the part of me that was throbbing with need. He made slow constant circles with his thumb, his tongue still flicking against my nipple. I could feel my legs begin to twitch, my core vibrating with need.

He stopped and sat up, pulling his hand up and out. I groaned with need, which he answered with a short laugh. "Just wait a second," he said, his voice husky. He tugged gently on my shorts, pulling them low on my hips. I happily raised them, allowing him to slide them off. He was gentle as he maneuvered them across the bulky cast. I bit my lip, watching the way his muscles rippled in the moonlight. He grinned impishly, and pulled on my panties, tossing them on top of my shorts.

I lay bare in the moonlight, ready for his touch. He put his thumb against my cl*t again, slowly starting his circles. A gentle finger parted my folds and navigated towards my opening. With wonderful slowness, he pushed it inside, and the slowly out again. I arched my hips, begging him silently to fill me again. He rocked his fingers in and out, his thumb never stopping its slow circles. My entire being began to quake, desire and pleasure threatening to overwhelm me. Bliss rolled through me like a wave crashing into the shore. For a glorious moment, I was floating on a sea of joy and sensation; colors washed through me and I forgot to breathe.

He slowly withdrew his hand as my lungs began to work again. A wonderful sense of relief filled me, but an ache for more replaced it. I opened my eyes, and looked up into Andrew's. He could see the need within me, his eyes shining with need of his own. He stood and slipped out of his shorts and boxers, his member already hard and erect.

I licked my lips, my h*ps arching with desire to feel him between my legs. He turned and knelt on the floor, fumbling for his jeans. I heard the plastic packaging open, and he returned ready for me. He climbed up onto the bed and kissed me deeply as he moved over my body. I wrapped my arms around his back, and he positioned himself at my entrance. We locked eyes, the blue of his eyes shining even in the dark as he delved into me.

I cried out, my nails digging into his muscular back as he began to rock in and out. With every thrust I felt a fullness that threatened to overwhelm me. I wanted more; I wanted every inch of him to merge with me. I wanted to wrap my legs around him, to pull him deeper, but my cast forced my leg to stay still on the bed.

"Roll onto your side," he said, his voice deep in my ear. He moved behind me as I lay on the side of my injured leg. He tucked his arm under my head, his hand wrapping around my breast, as slid back into me. His top hand held my hip, guiding it up and down. I rocked my h*ps in time with his, feeling him move within me. His breath was hot in my ear, spurring me on. I wanted him so badly I could taste it, the ache growing within me yet again.

"Harder," I moaned as he pushed into me. His hand tightened on my hip and I could feel my body beginning to shake yet again. He pounded deeper into me, fueling the fire building inside of me until I lost control. I cli**xed again, squeezing tight around him. He groaned into my hair, his fingers pushing into my skin.

"I want to look at you," he whispered when I had finished. I rolled back onto my back, and he slid into me as though we had never been apart. His strong arms bulged on either side of me as he began to thrust. I could feel him swelling within me, his eyes dilating and loosing focus. I felt him shudder, his body going stiff as his eyes closed. I smiled as he continued to rock, slowly melting into me. He slowly stopped, staying within me but resting on top of me like a human blanket. I never wanted him to move.

"I love you Holly," he whispered, his voice full of love. I wrapped my arms around him, snuggling my chin into his shoulder.

"I love you too."

We lay there, each of us lost in bliss. The moonlight glowed on the muscles of his back and across the curve of his ass. His weight was pleasant and comforting on top of me. I never wanted this moment to end, but he finally sighed and rolled carefully away from me. He turned his head, a smile across his handsome face.

"Be right back," he murmured. I watched his attractive body stand and walk to the bathroom. He came back a moment later with a warm washcloth for me. He then helped me dress myself again, getting clean pajamas from my bag before dressing himself. He sat down on his air mattress, the dawn still far away.

"Stay with me? I don't want to fall asleep alone," I said softly. His eyes softened and he climbed next to me. He wrapped his arms around me, my head nestling into the hollow of his shoulder. I felt safe and happy. The soft beating of his heart along with the even rise and fall of his chest lulled me to sleep. I closed my eyes and didn't dream of fire.

Chapter 18

The flames were long since gone. The trees lay scarred and bare, their branches burned and blackened. The world was made of ash. Yet hope remained. A thin green tendril of life, forged in the heat of flame emerged from a tiny seed. Another followed quickly. Life sprung from the fertile ground, ready to start the cycle anew. The circle of fire and life continued.

I stood staring at the ruined remnants of West Hardware. The fire was finally contained and we were allowed to return to the ashes to start rebuilding. My dad was a few feet away talking with Audrey and Ray. I could hear them laughing about something, their voices melting together in the warm summer wind.

Audrey's hand rested comfortably on Ray's forearm, a diamond ring glinting in the sun. The wedding had been four days after the fire started in an intimate ceremony at the local chapel. The town had celebrated their wedding, throwing a party in the hotel where most of the evacuees were staying. Everyone said it was the best party in the history of the town as everyone celebrated instead of worrying over something we had no control over.

The next day, the tentative line that the firefighters had held for the past three days broke, and the fire traveled towards the town itself. Ray said he had to get away, that he couldn't watch as the life he had built over the past twenty years turned to ash and dust. Audrey had insisted that she had to stay and help at the clinic, but then came the emergency evacuation order for the clinic itself.

They had left for their honeymoon immediately, leaving the fire to rage and destroy the past while they built a new future. I watched them now as they smiled and laughed with my father, never straying from one another. The two of the radiated happiness, a joy in one another that I couldn't help but smile at. They had finally found where they belonged.

In their absence, however, the fire had consumed everything.

When the line broke, the rest of the forest caught like a match, lighting the town. The western half of town was nothing but ash after the fire raged for over three weeks. Hundreds of firefighters from multiple states had worked tirelessly to stop the flames, but in the end it was the second largest fire in the recorded history of the state. The smoke could be seen for over a hundred miles in either direction as about 150,000 acres, 120 homes, 17 businesses, and millions of memories burned. My home was nothing but cinders. Andrew and Luke's homes were nothing but ash. West Hardware and the Conifer Grocery were both just land with charred wood standing at odd angles.

It wasn't all bad though. The fires of today lead to the forests of tomorrow. The heat of the fire burst open pine cones filled with seeds. Millions of tiny seeds poured onto the cleared forest floor and within a month, tiny green sprouts began to appear through the blackened soil. Fire cleared the old and dying trees, giving way to the new seedlings to grow and make something new. New life abounded.

Through the fallen beams I could see Andrew, Tyler, and Luke poking the devastated lumber piles like they were hunting for buried treasure. Andrew looked up and smiled at me before Luke called to him, pointing at the ground.

I was excited for Luke. When Ray heard his beloved hardware store had burned, he had a long conversation with Luke. He laid out his plans as investor for the new hardware store, and told Luke that the insurance money was his to build a new store with. Luke already had plans drawn up for rebuilding the store bigger and better, and Ray was happy to let him do it.

"I put my life into that store. My marriage, my kids, my dreams. And all I have to show for it now is some burned lumber. You have dreams for this place that I don't have anymore," Ray had said when Luke showed him the new plans. "The store is in good hands." The grin still hadn't left Luke's face.

Tyler shouted he had found something and Luke and Andrew waded over to see. Andrew pulled something shiny from the ground, and congratulated Tyler. The younger man glowed with pride as Luke patted him on the shoulder. I smiled, glad Tyler was here to stay.

Barbara had flown out to survey the damage to her half of the house while Ray and Audrey were on their honeymoon. Luke had finally gotten his mother to listen, telling her that Tyler was happy in Conifer and that him would not be the best thing for him. Luke convinced her that Tyler would have a stronger home life with Audrey and Ray than being with a single parent in a strange city. It had taken almost the entire trip, but she had finally agreed to let him stay in Colorado. Tyler had bounced around the hotel room like a caffeinated squirrel when she told him he didn't have to move. They were still working out the details with the lawyers, but it appeared that things were going to work out.

"Holly! Come here, we found something," Andrew shouted, waving me over. I picked my way through the debris, careful of the cast on my ankle, to where the three men stood.

Ray had asked Luke what he wanted to name the new store. A new beginning, a new name, he had said. Luke had said he'd think of something. As Luke brushed off the heavy metal sign that had hung over the checkout desk for as long as I could remember, I knew the name was going to remain unchanged. WEST HARDWARE: A FAMILY BUSINESS. The metal was relatively undamaged.

"It's going to hang in the new store too! I found it!" Tyler told me excitedly.

"You're going to take my old job, right?" Andrew said nudging Tyler. Tyler nodded and began hunting for more buried treasures. Andrew's hand slid into mine as we watched Tyler and Luke poke through the rubble.

"You think you can leave all this behind?" he asked softly as he brushed some ash out of my hair. "I mean, the ash look really does become you."

"I am excited to try this school thing again. The education part especially. From what I hear, Fort Collins is a nice town. Besides, someone has to show the poor little freshman how college works," I teased. He bumped me gently with his hip.

"Hey, you'll be just as much a newbie as me there!"

"Yeah, but I am technically a sophomore, so I know more," I said, bumping him back. He laughed and we walked towards where the edge of the building used to stand. A small green tendril peeked out from under a seared wood piece. I bent down and moved it carefully, letting the small green plant reach for the sun.

Andrew turned to me. "I have a feeling we both have a lot to teach each other."

I laughed. I knew that things were far from perfect, but that everything was heading in the right direction. Andrew and I would be together forever, and the town would recover. Audrey and Ray had been broken, but they had found the strength they needed to fix themselves. The town was broken, but it would be fixed. I was broken, but I would be fixed, with the help of the love of my life. They say that fire always burns, but as the flames sweep away the detritus of the past, new beginnings can spring from the ashes. I smiled. I could feel the seeds of new memories germinating, reaching for the sun.

