ONE

I have this thing in the bag.-Owen MacIntosh, Day 1, Endurance Island: Alaska

THREE DUGOUT CANOES SAT IN the middle of the frigid bay, surrounded by a dozen cameras (and cameramen) near the shore of the rocky Alaskan beach.

On the shore, the host of Endurance Island, Chip Brubaker, waved a flag emblazoned with the logo of the show. "Welcome to the newest edition of Endurance Island," he called out to us as we huddled, six contestants to a canoe.

I wasn't sure if we were supposed to cheer at that. A few scattered people clapped their hands.

Chip glanced at a cue card, and then spoke again, reading a prompt. "This time, our castaways won't be roughing it on a sexy beach or frolicking in the sand. Instead, they'll have to face off hungry bears and bitter cold and tons and tons of snow. Stay tuned for this and more in this season's Endurance Island-Alaska!"

I kept waiting to hear cheers, but there was only silence and the occasional slap of waves against the wooden canoe sides. My teeth chattered and I huddled in the front of the canoe, barely clutching the oar in my hands. The icy mist made my clothes stick to my skin and my boots were sitting in an inch of water that had slopped into the canoe. In short, it was wicked freezing out here.

This sucked.

I was pretty sure when I'd signed up for Endurance Island, I hadn't signed up for the Alaska edition. If I'd wanted to spend my time up to my ass in snow all winter, I'd be digging out my mom's front porch for her back in Boston. I'd signed up for sun and sand over the Christmas holidays.

Instead, I'd gotten pine trees, Alaska, and way too much snow. Who had I pissed off to deserve this?

Chip spoke again. "When I give the word, the game will begin." He raised the flag high in the air, a clear signal to us.

I felt our little canoe shake as people readied their oars.

"The first team to reach the beach will win a special present, including a hot meal for your first night in Alaska. The other two teams will receive matches - since we don't want you to freeze." Chip's white teeth flashed in his face like an army of Chiclets and he raised a big green and red wrapped present high into the air for us to see.

Oh great. Not only was this Endurance Island: Alaska, but I was apparently on the Christmas edition of the show. Visions of elf costumes and reindeer challenges flew through my head, all completely cringe-worthy.

Ugh. I'd hated Christmas ever since my father had died three days prior to it when I was twenty-three. Ever since then? Mom hadn't given a shit about Christmas, and neither had I. As far as I was concerned, there was nothing to celebrate.

But it was too late to bail on the show, and I wouldn't have anyhow. I could endure some elfy-Santa bullcrap now and then if it meant getting close to that million dollars they were offering.

I should have guessed it was a Christmas edition when they'd told me that we'd be filming through all of December. But I'd gotten excited instead, because I'd thought they'd ship us out to Bora Bora or something like that. And I should have guessed that this would be a different sort of edition of the show when they'd informed me that the prize money was only one million, instead of the normal two.

I'd just thought they'd gotten a bit cheap on us.

But it all made sense now, and once the pieces had all slid together in my brain...I wish I'd recognized it earlier. The crew kept things so well concealed from us - from our flight in to the gear bags they'd made for us - that I'd had no idea of what was going on until they'd plopped us into a dugout canoe atop some freezing water and told us to start rowing to shore, and handed us fluffy red parkas.

That had been a big freaking hint.

I was taking the whole 'Christmas edition' thing better than the redhead on my team, though. She'd been weeping ever since they'd dropped an oar in her hands. My guess was that she'd wanted to do a lot of sauntering around in skimpy bikinis.

"Are you ready, teams?" Chip braced himself over on the beach, his microphoned voice ringing out to us.

A cheer arose. I looked down across the water and saw two more teams in canoes - one in blue, one in yellow. One big mammoth guy in the yellow parka was raising his oar above his head and screaming his enthusiasm like a wild animal. Jesus. I was glad he wasn't on my team.

"Ready...set..." Chip's voice rang out over the water.

Everyone tensed.

"GO!"

Eighteen sets of oars plunged into the water. The six people in our red team canoe scrambled, the entire thing shaking with our efforts. I hurried to get my oar lined up, flailing a bit. I'd never rowed before. I was a Boston girl, and I didn't like the water in winter. I stared at the shore, determined.

At the back, a guy shouted, "Hey...hey! Up there in the front! Why don't you actually try putting your oar in the damn water? We'll get a lot further."

Was he...talking to me?

No f**king way. "What the f**k did he just say?" I bellowed.

"Yeah, hey you. Boston Princess," the guy said. "Stick your damn o-ah in the wah-tah."

"Go f**k yourself," I told him. It was far too early in the game for this shit. I'd barely said two words to anyone, but apparently they were pronounced wrong. Jerks.

Scowling, I looked over at my oar. Son of a...

So it wasn't really hitting the water. Big flipping deal. I dug in, mentally picturing jackass as the water and constantly slapping my oar across his face.

I got a lot of rowing done that way.

BY THE TIME WE LANDED on shore, we were in second place. Not terrible, in my opinion, but not first place. Some people on the team clearly weren't terribly happy with that placement, though. As we all flopped down on the beach from the long row in, we scoped each other out and caught our breath.

One bland looking guy raised his hand, giving us all a friendly look. "This isn't the Hunger Games, so I figure we can all work together, right? I'm Gary from Ohio." He pointed at his jacket, which read GARY on the breast and across his back, since Endurance Island liked to clearly label us to make it easier for the audience to tell everyone apart.

The sniffly redhead was sitting next to him, and she gave us all a wobbly smile. "Clarissa, from Los Angeles."

"You a model?" Gary asked.

She giggled at him and swatted at his arm. "Flatterer!"

My eyes narrowed. That didn't mean no. I'd have to watch Clarissa. It was clear she was going to play the flirty card.

"I'm Patty," said another woman, and I immediately sussed her up. Everyone on the show seemed to fall into certain categories, after all. Looks, brains, or entertainment. Patty was clearly going to be entertainment. She had a sweet face, a dainty build, a necklace that said "Number One Mom" and the most godawful feathered mullet I'd ever seen since Billy Ray Cyrus.

Next around the circle was another guy. Small, nerdy. Glasses. Freckles. Ginger. "Kinda funny that your name is Patty," he said in a voice that seemed far more abrasive than should have come out of the mouth of such a tiny guy. "I'm Pat, too. As in Patrick." And he pointed at the breast of his pocket. Sure enough, we now had Pat and Patty.

"Wow," I said. "You think they could have figured that out a little better, don't you think?"

"Bettah?" Clarissa giggled. "Are you from Jersey Shore?"

Okay, if I didn't kill Clarissa in week one, it would be a friggin' miracle. "I'm from Boston. And I'm Luna." It nearly killed me to do it, but I smiled at all of them as if this were the most fun I'd had in forever. Whee.

"Owen," said the last guy, and I tensed at the sound of his voice. It was the a**hole that had pointed out I was rowing wrong. He was number one on my shit list at the moment. Owen was clearly on the island - uh, Alaska - for looks. He was hot enough, with dusky skin, a strong, clean jawline and the prettiest pair of amber-colored hazel eyes I'd ever seen.

Too bad about that whole total 'douchebag' thing he had going.

"Well," I said, sitting up and dusting off my hands. "Now that we've all introduced ourselves, we should probably make a fire and boil some water so we can have something to drink."

"No," said Owen.

I turned to look at him, incredulous. "What do you mean, no?"

"I mean, no." He straightened and got to his feet. Not only was he pretty to look at, but he was tall and muscular. I resented that, because every time he spoke, I hated him more, and I knew if he was tall and strong, he'd last that much further in the game. "We need shelter before we do anything. It's going to rain."

"Listen, Owen," I began, trying to keep my tone reasonable. "There are trees all along the edge of this beach. If it rains, we can duck under one of those. We need drinking water because we can't get dehydrated."

"No," he said again. "We can't just duck 'un-dah' a tree if it rains, Luna." His tone was scathing. "Haven't you ever heard of lightning?"

"Haven't you ever heard of waterborne parasites?" I was pretty sure I'd seen one too many episodes of House to ever drink anything from a stream. Like, ever.

"It's clear we need a leader here in camp," Owen said, those pretty eyes staring daggers down at me. "So why don't we have a vote? Those in favor of me being the leader, raise your hand."

Every hand went up but mine.

I gritted my teeth. "Okay, fine. Shelter it is." I could play along. I wasn't stupid.

If Owen wanted to run this tribe, I'd let him. And when he ran it straight into the ground, his would be the first name we'd write down.

BY THE TIME NIGHT FELL, we had about half of a shelter. Unfortunately, it was the wrong half, considering that Owen thought it was a brilliant idea to start from the floor and work our way up. Oh sure, I thought to myself. Because if it snows, what you totally want is a f**king floor instead of a roof.

But I kept that to myself.

In fact, I was pretty quiet all around. I mean, I knew I was right. I didn't have to rub it in anyone's face to prove that I was. They could already tell. I noticed some of the others kept shooting me looks as it grew dark.

"You think we should build a fire?" Patty asked in a perky voice. "How cold do you think it'll get?"

"My guess is pretty cold," Gary said. "Why else would they give us matches on day one without us doing anything to win them?"

And finally, someone had come to the same conclusion that I had earlier that day. They'd given us thick parkas and matches because they didn't want us to die, even though they were sending us out to rough it in Alaska in the dead of winter. Dead people probably didn't make good TV.

But I kept my mouth shut about this, too.

Instead, I huddled on my end of the uncomfortable, lumpy platform-because there was no way I was calling it a shelter - and decided to dig through the bag of supplies that they'd given each of us. Maybe we had some extra layers we could put on. I was already cold, and with the sun dropping below the skies, it was just going to get colder.

"I'm freezing," Clarissa whined. She sidled up to Owen where he sat on the other end of the platform. "Can I come cuddle with you?"

"Of course," Owen said, and wrapped his arm around her.

She promptly unzipped the front of his jacket and shoved her hand down it. "Ooo, you're so warm," she cooed.

It's all that hot air, I thought to myself.

"Well, let's try and see if we can't make a fire," Pat said to Patty.

After about twenty minutes of watching them fumble with the matches on some wet wood, I figured there was not going to be a fire. I wanted to try it myself, but that'd seem too aggressive, and the red team already thought I was pushy. So I dug into my pack to see what the good people of Endurance Island had provided for me to wear for the next month. A t-shirt, some panties, a pair of insulated pants that I'd be putting on in about two minutes flat, some water-shoes, and a small, crinkly little square package that I couldn't figure out. I held it up to the fading light, frowning at it.

What the heck was it?

"I think the fire's a bust," Patty eventually said, pulling me away from my contemplation of the mystery item.

No surprise there. I unwrapped the little square and began to unfold it. It crinkled and was made of a thin, flimsy sort of plastic, but it was big - like the size of a sheet. "Is this some sort of blanket?"

All eyes turned to me and my crinkly mess. A moment later, everyone was digging through their packs, looking for their own. "It's a thermal blanket," Owen told us all.

Thank you, Captain Obvious.

"Everyone get yours out and sleep in it tonight," Owen told us, as if we couldn't figure out how to use a blanket on our own. "We'll finish the shelter in the morning."

Obediently, the others crawled onto the platform and we all squished together to preserve body heat. One after another, blankets crinkled open, and then there was nothing to do but lay in the dark, shiver, and wait for dawn.

IT RAINED THAT NIGHT. OF course it did. We didn't have a roof, so God had to clearly be punishing us. You would think it would snow, but nope. Fat, drippy plops of rain with little icy cores flicked and spit on us all night, to the point that we wore our blankets over our heads and questioned why we'd ever signed up for this stupid show.

Why, oh why, couldn't they have taken us to Bora Bora?

When the sun came up, after a night of horrific sleep, I decided that I didn't care if the others got mad that I was pushy or not - I was going to make a damn fire. Patty seemed to have woken up with the same motto, and the two of us chatted and joked while we tried to get things going.

No sooner had we made a small fire than we put on a pot of water to boil (the pot the only thing they'd left at our campsite for us other than a team flag), than Clarissa came running up with a gaily wrapped Christmas present. "Santa's elves left us a gift!"

"Really?" I asked drily. "You think it was Santa's elves? Really?"

Clarissa froze at the sound of my sarcasm, and her lower lip began to quiver. Cameramen zoomed in, clearly smelling a fight.

"Oh, goddamn it," I muttered to myself.

"Be nice, Lunatic," Owen said in that ridiculous alpha-male voice of us. "We're here on the Christmas show, and Clarissa's just in the swing of things. It's not her fault you woke up on the wrong side of the bed."

"Oh, was there a bed?" I snarked, in a pissy mood after he'd called me 'lunatic' instead of my real name. "I must have missed it after that great night of sleep in our glorious shelter."

"Shh, Luna," Patty said in a soft voice. "Be nice."

I thought I was being pretty nice, all things considering. But I just shrugged and looked over at Clarissa, who was still staring at me with big, wounded eyes. "So what's in the box?"

Owen hugged Clarissa's shoulders. "It's okay. Why don't you show us?"

She tugged at the big ornate bow and pulled off the lid, peeking inside. Then, she lifted the object into the air. It was a gigantic puzzle piece that had "Challenge in One Hour" written on the front.

"What do you think it could be?" Clarissa asked.

Really? Patty shot me an incredulous look as well. Was Clarissa that stupid or just playing dumb?

I watched as Owen took the piece from Clarissa's hand and studied it. "Clearly it's some kind of puzzle." He looked at all of us. "Anyone in the group an expert at puzzles?"

I raised my hand.

Owen ignored it. "Okay, well, if no one objects, I think I'll take charge in the puzzle challenge. I'm pretty good at them."

I put down my hand and rolled my eyes.

"But...Luna had her hand up," Patty said in a questioning voice.

"I know," Owen said. "But no one likes Luna."

This time when I put my hand up, I extended my middle finger at Owen.

"See?" he said.

TWO

Can I vote someone off already? Because the Boston Princess is getting on my last nerve. You'd think a girl as cute as her would know when to shut her damn yap. - Owen MacIntosh, Day 2, Endurance Island: Alaska

"IT'S A PUZZLE CHALLENGE ALL right," I murmured as the red team stepped onto the mat. I made sure I was at the front, which wasn't hard, considering I was a short girl.

"Your powers of observation are astounding, Luna," Owen said. "Whatever gave you that idea?"

I wanted to shoot him the bird again, but the cameras were zooming in on us. So I just put my hands on my h*ps and ignored him, trying to suss out the puzzle. There were large wooden blocks in weird Tetris shapes scattered all over the snow, stuffed into Christmas stockings and painted the color of each team. I immediately started mentally figuring stuff out. There were 3D puzzle pieces all over the snow, and at the far end of the challenge area, there was an enormous wall that Chip stood atop of. We'd clearly have to put together a ladder of some kind to get to him.

Piece of cake. "This should be wicked easy," I told Patty, who stood to my side.

Sure enough, a few minutes later, Chip put on his microphone, a Santa hat, and then proceeded to tell us the same thing. The first team to build their ladder and get to the top of the platform next to him would win a prize. He gestured at a gigantic wrapped present that sat under a Christmas tree.

"There are a hundred puzzle pieces for each team," Chip told us, and I mentally filed that information away. "I'll give you a moment to strategize." Chip then pulled out a mirror, checking his hair.

"So I think what we need --," I began.

"No one cares, Luna," Owen said. He turned to the team, who gave him attentive looks. No one was looking in my direction at all. Assholes. I crossed my arms over my chest tightly and leaned in so I could hear what Owen was saying.

"What we need to do," he said, "is have our strongest runners go into the field and grab puzzle pieces and bring them back. The faster we get them, the better, so if you're slow, you need to work on the puzzle."

That would have been exactly what I'd suggested, if he'd have let me finish a thought.

Patty raised her hand. "I'll work on the puzzle. I'm not the greatest at running."

Owen looked over at me. "Clarissa's got long legs, so she can run. Not Luna, though." He looked over at me. "She's short, and the snow is deep, so she should work on the puzzle, too."

I bristled. "I'm not that short, a**hole. The snow isn't five feet deep. I can run."

"We don't want to have to wait on you, Luna," he said in an irritated voice. "Just do this, all right? The other four of us will get puzzle pieces."

"Fine, whatever," I said.

Clarissa giggled. "She said 'whatevah.'"

I was really going to kill her. Maybe I could choke her with a puzzle piece. Mentally, I imagined stuffing those Christmas stockings into Clarissa's pouty, collagen-injected mouth.

"Is everyone ready?" Chip asked, and all teams turned toward him, the time for strategy over. The host raised his arm in the air. Then, he swung it down in a sharp angle. "GO!"

We sprang into action. I gritted my teeth as I ran through the snow. It wasn't that f**king deep. Owen was just all caught up in his own power. Fucking turd.

It was a good call to have Patty do the puzzle, though. She struggled even through the ankle deep snow, and I ended up helping her keep her balance a few times as we made it to the far side. Then we were there, at the base of the platform, and turned around to wait.

The field was full of people running around, grabbing stockings and hauling puzzle pieces. I looked for red team members as they ran about. Within a moment or two, Owen had so many pieces in his arms that he looked as if he was going to drop one. Instead, he jogged over to where we were and flung the armful at us, then ran off into the snow again. I gritted my teeth to keep my temper as I picked them up. Blowing up at Owen wouldn't solve anything. I got to work on the puzzle, instead, hauling the pieces out of the stockings so we could see how they would fit together.

Clarissa came up, offered us one puzzle piece as if it was a gift, and then ran back out into the snow.

That, I decided, was Owen's fault. He'd picked her to run, and probably hadn't anticipated that she'd suck at it. Not that Clarissa would have been any good at puzzles, either. I picked up two pieces. "Come on, Patty. Let's see what we've got here."

There was a pattern on one side of some of the blocks, so we started with trying to lock the patterned pieces together. Eventually, we had a step. Using that step, I pushed it against the wall and began to calculate. "It looks like there will be three more steps after this one," I told Patty. "So I bet there's three more patterns." I looked over and the other teams were listening closely, comparing their blocks to ours. Damn it. I leaned in closer to Patty. "We should sort them into piles and then we can construct each step from there."

Patty nodded, and we set to work making piles of blocks. Sure enough, this one had a candy-cane stripe pattern, this one had holly leaves, and the next one had a geometric snowflake design. We organized pieces as the red team dropped them in, and worked on fitting the steps together as we went.

I noticed the other team watching us closely and nudged our stacks closer together. "We can't make it look like we know what we're doing," I murmured to Patty. "Or they'll catch on." From the looks of things, the other teams still hadn't figured out that there were different patterns.

Patty nodded and shoved the holly leaf pile into the candy cane pile, making sure that the pieces were all in the same bunch, but still separated. The candy cane pieces were on the right side of the pile, and the holly leaf ones on the left. We'd know which stack to pick up from, even though it all looked like a jumble.

Clarissa came up, dropped another piece - her fourth - and collapsed on the completed step. "I'm exhausted. It's hard running through all that snow."

"Me too," said Pat-The-Guy. He took a page out of her book and sat down next to her. "There's hardly anything left, anyhow."

"Are you guys serious?" Patty said. "This isn't all the pieces and you're giving up?"

"Owen and Gary are still out there," Clarissa said, panting. "They'll bring the rest."

But a few moments later, Gary dropped over to the platform and gave a dramatic collapse, even as Patty and I fitted our pieces together, working on another step.

Then, Owen dropped in, throwing down six more pieces and putting his hands on his knees, panting.

"Is that all of them?" Patty asked.

I counted quickly, adding the pieces that Owen had brought. "Ninety eight. There's still two more somewhere out there."

Owen gestured at me and Patty. "You go. We'll work on the puzzle."

My brows drew together. "Excuse me?"

He straightened, wiping his brow. "It's only two pieces. You two go get them, and we'll work on the puzzle while you do. It's clear you're not getting very far." He gave me a disapproving look, as if this was somehow my fault.

Patty gamely trotted out into the snow, searching for a red puzzle piece.

I didn't. Fuck that noise. We'd been working hard on the puzzle part of things. So I narrowed my eyes at him. "I'll have you know that we have a method--"

"There's no time to argue," he snapped, and grabbed the puzzle pieces out of my hands. "Will you just go already?"

I wanted to snap at him, to argue the point, but the others were staring at me like I was the problem, not Owen. So I bit back my comments and tromped off into the snow, looking for a goddamn puzzle piece.

I found it several minutes later, half buried under a pile of churned snow. It had clearly been stepped on repeatedly and was soggy and muddy. Hauling it, I began to make my way back to the platform, puffing hard. Running through the snow was difficult as hell, but I would never tell that jerk Owen that.

When I got back to the platform, though, I lost control of my temper at the sight of Owen and Clarissa trying to fit together a holly leaf piece with a candy cane piece. "What the f**k are you guys doing?"

Our teammates turned around and looked at me like I was crazy.

I shoved my way forward, flipping puzzle pieces, and groaned. Patty and I had carefully piled them into a semblance of order, but the order had been destroyed by a few minutes of grabby hands that didn't know what they were doing. There was no order to things now. None whatsoever. "You shouldn't have sent us out to find the pieces," I snapped at Owen. "We could have been here finishing our steps!"

"Really?" He said. "It didn't look like you were doing too great a job of that."

I turned and glared at him. "There was a method," I snarled, and jerked the candy cane piece out of his hands, shoving a holly piece at him instead. "Which you would have noticed if you didn't have the brains of a caveman."

"Jeez," Clarissa said in a wounded voice. "You're being kind of mean, Luna."

"Let's just work, okay?" I said, furious. I began to re-sort pieces as Patty trotted up and delivered the last piece. "Now that we have everything, we can finish."

A bell chimed. "Yellow team wins!"

I jerked up, looking at the far end of the platform. Sure enough, while I'd been out merrily tromping through the snow, searching for a trampled piece of puzzle, the yellow team had surged ahead and won. They were at the top of the platform, hugging and screaming and bouncing with joy.

Assholes.

I threw down my piece in disgust.

THE WALK BACK TO OUR BEACH-SIDE encampment told me a lot. Patty was silent, and when I looked over at her, I'd catch her surreptitiously wiping away tears. Poor Patty. She probably blamed herself.

The rest of the team talked a little, but no one talked to me. That suited me fine - I was in a black mood after losing the challenge. I didn't like to lose. So I brought up the rear of our small group and ignored them as much as they ignored me.

When we got back to camp, I headed for the now-dead fire and began to layer new wood into the fire pit. First on the agenda, something to drink.

Clarissa watched me work for a moment, then shrugged her shoulders. "I think I'm going to take a walk down the beach."

"I'll join you," Gary said.

They disappeared. Yeah, I could guess what they were going to do. Anyone that had seen a single episode of Endurance Island knew that people got up and went on walks together because they were plotting.

Owen got up a moment later. He wasn't subtle at all. He didn't even make any excuses, just got up and left, heading down the beach in the same direction Gary and Clarissa had gone.

"I, uh...I'm going to go use the bathroom," Pat-the-guy said, and bolted to his feet. He practically ran down the beach after them.

There was clearly a team meeting going on down on the beach and I wasn't invited. I guessed they were talking about how I had ruined the challenge for them. Or something. And because I was short and couldn't run through the snow, and I pronounced my words weird, I'd be the first one to go.

I mean, heck, you didn't have to be a genius to see the writing on that wall. But I wasn't at camp alone. I looked over at Patty, my one and only friend here on the Red team.

Patty sat on the edge of the shelter and sighed, dejected.

I tossed a handful of kindling down at the base of the fire pit. "You not going to go with them, Patty?"

"I'm tired. I think I'll just wait for the fire."

Was she being deliberately dense or did she not get it? "I think they're probably having a team meeting."

"Oh?" Her big eyes blinked for a moment, and then she began to sniff. Again.

Ah, hell. I was getting sick of the tears. I got up and sat next to her, then patted her on the shoulder. "Why don't you go join them?"

"I don't think they like me."

"They like you just fine," I told her truthfully. "It's me they don't like. You need to go show them you're with them and not with me."

She gave me a wounded look. "But we're friends. You've been nothing but nice to me, Luna."

"I know. I'm a nice girl." I nudged her with my arm and grinned to take the arrogance out of my words. "But this isn't a game for nice people. This is a game for money, and you've got to play as cutthroat as the rest of them. So go down on that beach and go talk strategy."

She looked uncertain. "What about you?"

"I'm going to stay right here and build a fire." I wagged a finger at her. "Don't you worry about me. I can play my own game."

Reluctantly, she got to her feet, and then she headed down the beach after them. When no one came back after a few minutes, I guessed that Patty had been included after all.

Which was fine. I mean, hell. It didn't take a psychic to read minds around here. Owen and I didn't get along. Owen was clearly top dog. I was the short, loudmouth Boston girl that kept contradicting the handsome (albeit douchey) leader. They thought I'd f**ked up the challenge for them.

If I wasn't the first person voted out of this shitty team, I'd be shocked.

THREE

Peace and quiet, at last. - Owen MacIntosh, Day 4, Endurance Island: Alaska

4 Days Later

"SO, LUNA, WHY DO YOU think you were the first one out of Endurance Island: Alaska?"

I stared at the camera-man in front of me as if that were the dumbest question I'd ever received. Heck, maybe it was. Hadn't he watched the first three days of footage? The tribe had been against me since we'd landed our canoes on the woodsy shore of the Alaskan island.

But maybe this was one of those 'spill your heart' moments and I was supposed to open up and confess all my sins and make some good TV.

Ha.

But since it couldn't hurt anything, I beamed my sweetest smile at the camera. "I can credit my failure in the game to one person, and one person alone: Owen."

The camera shifted. "Can you talk some more about why you think Owen is responsible?"

"I don't think Owen is responsible-I know he is. As soon as we landed on the island in the canoes, he had it out for me. When I suggested we build fire first, he decided we needed shelter. And then, of course, when it rained and we had neither, it was my fault for dividing the tribe." My smile was tight. "I guess because the weather has something to do with me? At any rate, Owen is one of those chest-beating alpha males that thinks that just because he has a penis, he's smarter than any woman, and refuses to listen to common sense. There was no way I was going to win in that scenario. And as soon as I saw the tribe was siding with him? I knew I was out. I figured I might as well enjoy myself while I was there."

And I had.

I'd relaxed on the cold, rocky beach or lounged near the fire (that I built). I went out and foraged for berries and not shared them with anyone. I fished - and while I didn't catch anything, if I had, I wouldn't have shared it. In short, I was no longer playing a team game.

Owen had killed that for me. So, screw him, and screw all of them. This experience was supposed to be fun, but as soon as I'd arrived, I'd been dead in the water.

Endurance Island was supposed to be fun, right? But combine that with snow and all this Christmas bullshit - and Owen to boot - it had been anything but.

Now, heck, I'd been voted out and was currently residing as the first member of the Loser Lodge. And I had to admit, the Loser Lodge was pretty damn sweet. I'd expected a crappy little cabin not much better than the junky shelter I'd left behind on the red team's beach.

Nope. When the Endurance Island crew relaxed, they relaxed in style. We were staying at a large resort cabin tucked into the woods. It was just me and the film crew, who cycled in and out for their shifts, and the producers.

Since I was the first one out, I got to have an all-expenses paid vacation for the next month while the others fought and froze on the cold, rocky Alaskan beaches. I curled up with my mug of hot cocoa in front of the roaring fire and tried not to feel too smug about where I was.

So I didn't have the million dollars. I had my pride, and if it couldn't pay the bills, well, I was no worse off than I was when I started.

"Who do you think will be the next to go?" The cameraman asked me as I sipped my cocoa. He was filming one of my exit interviews for the 'Lodge Home Movies' that they peppered the Endurance Island website with to encourage traffic. People liked to see the contestants relaxing after the fact, he told me. It made the audience feel better that we were happy and well-adjusted after being voted off. Plus, the website spammed the videos with ads, and that made the producers happy. So despite being voted out? I was still on camera.

I considered things. "The next to go? If the red team loses again, I'm guessing it'll be Patty." She was small and cheery, and determined, but she wasn't very strong. And she'd been friendly with me, which was a big strike against her. "I'm guessing Owen's going to go for strength over anything else, if he's in charge of the team. And if he does, he'll end up with a bunch of clueless meatheads at the merge and they'll fall to pieces."

"And what do you think of that?"

I smiled blithely. "I think it's beautiful. And serves him right."

"So you don't want him to get voted out?"

"Not right away! I don't care how far he gets in the game as long as I don't have to spend my lodge time with him. I actually hope he makes the merge so he can be on the jury and I don't have to look at his smug, grinning a**hole face for the next month. So, yeah, I'd be happy with Patty showing up next. I liked her." She'd been the only person that had come close to being my friend while I was out there - which meant she'd probably be a target for that, too.

Poor Patty.

"What about the other two teams?" The camera-man asked.

I thought, and shrugged. "I wasn't there long enough to get a good impression of them. Just that the red team was a hot mess, and they'll probably fall apart on themselves...which is exactly what they deserve."

"Bitter much, Luna?" the cameraman laughed.

I pinched my fingers and grinned, indicating that I might be bitter just a little.

I'D HAD THREE DAYS OF peace and quiet all to myself. Three days of cozying up by the fireside with a magazine and a cup of hot chocolate. Three days of doing yoga in the main cabin of the lodge, taking long, hot bubble baths, and blocking out my next horror movie script while I relaxed. I had three relaxing days of snowy hikes in the woods surrounding the lodge, and three days of enjoying all the foods that the show's personal chef created for the crew.

It was heaven.

It was bound to come crashing down, of course.

The night of the next vote off, I had a bowl of ice cream in my hands and paced the lodge, waiting for the next arrival. To be perfectly honest, I liked having the place to myself, but I was ready for someone new to talk to. The crew wasn't really supposed to talk with the contestants, which left me on my own. It wasn't so bad for a day or two, but going on day three, I was ready for some conversation other than the ones in my head.

Plus, I was curious how badly my terrible tribe was self-destructing.

The car pulled up to the lodge drive and I clutched my bowl to my chest, more excited than I thought. Okay, despite my big talk, I was really interested in what was going on in the game. Was Owen running things with an iron fist? Did everyone hate his guts? Did they lose spectacularly at the challenge? I felt a weird sense of glee at the thought.

Since they hadn't liked me, and they'd ruined my game...I wanted them to suck at their game. I was totally cheering for the red team lose and lose big. And if that made me a little bitter, well then, Luna Collins was totally fine with being bitter about being the first loser of Endurance Island: Alaska. I figured I'd won the right to be a bit of a bitch about it.

I peered out the frosted windows of the lodge. It was chilly outside, a fresh layer of snow on the ground. I wondered how the others were doing with the fact that it was winter in Alaska and they were forced to camp outside. The show wouldn't let them freeze to death, but that didn't mean the circumstances couldn't be totally miserable otherwise.

It was dark outside, but I could make out a red parka.

Yesss, I thought gleefully. Those jerks deserved to lose. I peered at the person, the hood pulled tight over his - or her - face. I couldn't tell who it was, but the person jogging up the steps looked bigger than Patty.

So my friend had made it another round. Good for her. Was it Gary, then? Or Pat-the-guy? I stepped backward a little so I could get a good look at whoever came in.

The door opened and the newest member of the Loser Lodge threw his hood back as one of the camera-crew hovered nearby, filming everything.

I stopped in shock.

There was no mistaking the strong, square jaw despite the fact that it was clenched in anger, or the brilliant amber eyes. There was a fine layer of dirt on Owen's face, but he was unmistakable all the same.

Owen.

They'd voted out motherf**king Owen.

"Ha!" I yelled out, and pointed at his face with my spoon. "Ha!"

He swiped at my spoon as he pushed into the lodge, his bag on his shoulder. "Get that out of my face, Luna," he said in a not-so patient voice. "I'm not in the mood."

Just because I knew it would piss him off, I simply said "Ha!" again, and trotted behind him.

He shook his head and rolled his eyes at my glee, pushing past me and heading to the kitchen of the gorgeous lodge. "Do me a favor and leave me alone."

"Aww, what's the matter with Owen?" I said in a mocking baby voice. I followed him into the kitchen, because how could I resist rubbing a bit of salt in the wound? "How's it feel to get the boot this early, huh? Guess the team didn't like you any more than they liked me."

He ignored my jibes, heading across the lodge and into the enormous, open kitchen. Once in there, he slung his bag to the ground and headed to the industrial-sized refrigerator and opened it, staring in.

I drummed my fingers on my ice cream bowl, delighted by how pissed he was. "Not going to talk about how things went down? Since we both seem to be the first losers?"

He ignored me, grabbing a package of cold cuts and tossing it onto the counter. Next was mustard, then cheese. It was obvious he was making himself a sandwich...just as it was obvious that he was going to ignore me.

I tapped my spoon on my chin, pretending to think and ignoring the fact that his silence was a huge red flag of DO NOT ENGAGE.

I was totally going to engage. This was my moment of glory.

So I didn't let up. "Gosh, Owen, if you're not volunteering information, I guess I'll just have to figure it out on my own, then. Let me think. You seemed to think Clarissa was pretty hot when we were there, but I'm guessing she doesn't fall for the Neanderthal type." I studied his impassive face a moment longer, and then guessed, "You hit on her, and she took it so badly that the others voted you out to spare her from your passive aggressive terrible flirting? No? Is that not it?"

He shot me a seething look, tossing more stuff onto the counter.

"Maybe it wasn't Clarissa after all? Maybe you were caught groping the wrong person in the group shelter? Actually, it wasn't really a shelter, was it? Because when I left, it still didn't have a roof--"

Owen tossed the loaf of bread on the counter and placed his big, dirty hands on the flat surface. He leaned in and glared at me. "Are you going to sit here and yap at me the entire time that I'm here, Boston?"

"I just might. I mean, seeing as how I'm the queen of this place." I waved my spoon at our surroundings. "First Lady of the Loser Lodge. I think that gives me the right to yap as much as I want to. Are you not going to talk to me?"

He gave me a derisive look. "I don't think I have anything to say to you."

And there went my temper. I'd gone from gloating to furious all over again. God, I hated this man. I calmly stepped around the counter and slopped my bowl of melting ice cream on top of that hood. "Fuck you very much, sore loser," I said in my sweetest voice.

And walked away.

This was going to be a long, long round in the loser lodge if Owen was here.

Vacation? Ruined.

I DIDN'T SEE OWEN AGAIN until the next morning, which suited me just fine. Mornings in the Loser Lodge were kind of nice. I woke up around nine, because about that time, the newest camera-crew shift had just cleared out to go film the contestants, and that meant I was in the kitchen alone. I liked the crew well enough, but given the fact that they weren't really supposed to talk to me? It made meals awkward, so I just avoided them to make things easier.

The kitchen was fully stocked, and the coffee delicious. I puttered around for a few minutes, trying to decide what to cook myself, before settling on eggs and toast. I wasn't much of a cook at home. Normally I headed out to Dunkin' Donuts first thing in the morning, grabbed breakfast, and then opened my laptop up to write. I wasn't used to making my own food, but I figured I couldn't mess up eggs.

I'd just cracked them in the skillet when I heard a pair of shuffling feet behind me. I turned...and there was my nemesis.

Owen.

I made a face at him. "Good morning, Sunshine." I focused back on the eggs I was burning, and turned the burner down. Jeez. You wouldn't think eggs would be so wicked hard to make, but mine were already turning a dark brown around the edges and were still watery in the middle. I focused on my breakfast and not on Owen.

The man had a lot of nerve, showing up in the kitchen in a pair of sleep pants with no shirt on. He had a delicious, smooth brown bare chest that only irritated me even more. Jerk was probably just trying to show it off, which made me like him even less. I rolled my eyes at my eggs. Typical male.

I heard the clink of the coffee pot being moved and whipped around. "What do you think you're doing?"

Owen stared at me, mid-pour into a coffee mug. "Getting myself coffee?"

"That's my coffee," I told him. I'd only made enough in the pot for one large cup-mine. "You'd better not be drinking my coffee."

"I'd bettah not?"

"You want my fist in your face?" I told him belligerently. "Cause I'm wicked good with my fists. It's a Boston thing."

"Like being an a**hole?"

I breathed heavily out of my nose, practically snorting like an angry bull. He was just trying to get my goat. "Put the coffee down, you son of a bitch. I said that's mine and I meant it."

In disbelief, I watched as he finished pouring the last of the coffee into his mug, and gave me a challenging look. Then, he sat down at the nearby breakfast bar and picked up a newspaper, ignoring my spluttering.

I grabbed my egg skillet and tilted it over his cup. My mushy eggs slid right in with a delicious plop. "There! Now neither of us has coffee. You satisfied?"

Owen got up and gave me a disgusted look with those amber eyes. "Man, you really are a lunatic."

I gave him the finger.

He left the kitchen, and I was left with no coffee, no eggs, and a mess to clean up.

FOUR

It's a shame that Luna's totally my type: blonde hair, blue eyes, short, curvy little body...at least, until she opens her mouth. - Owen MacIntosh, Lodge Home Movies footage

I HID IN MY ROOM for most of the day, flipping through magazines, napping, and jotting down ideas for future scripts. The lodge no longer felt like a safe haven. I'd tried relaxing in the living room, only to find that it made me tense to think that Owen might turn a corner at any minute and see me doing yoga, or writing down script bits. I wrote horror movie scripts for a living, and it was a fun job, but one that was easily misunderstood, considering I wrote myself notes like 'the termite axes her head off, lots of gore'. The last thing I wanted was to give Owen more ammo to mock me with, so I simply avoided him and hid my notepad.

Had I thought the lodge was boring and miserable before? It was nothing compared to having to stay in your room for fear of seeing the person you loathed the most.

The next day, I crept down the long hall on careful, silent feet. All of the bedrooms were on the second floor of the lodge, and the floors creaked, so I wanted to make sure Owen didn't hear me sneaking out. As soon as I made it past the rooms, I headed down the wooden stairs into the main part of the lodge. It was a huge building with a great layout. While the bedrooms were on the second floor loft, the rest of the lodge was completely open. A massive fireplace dominated the back wall, surrounded by floor to ceiling windows. On the far end of the enormous open room, the kitchen area rolled into the section designated as dining. It was clearly a party lodge, meant for a large group of people. The entire place was terrific.

Unless you were trying to avoid someone, and all that open-ness became a bit of a curse.

Still, it was a great lodge, and I was mentally placing my next horror movie here. There were so many great scenes I could do with the lodge alone, and that wasn't even considering in the whole 'snowbound' or 'Alaska' factor. It was the perfect research.

When I got to the bottom of the stairs, I stopped in surprise at the massive spread of food on the countertops and the dining tables. That hadn't been there yesterday.

Owen was standing over a table - dammit - and surveying the food as well. He wasn't touching anything, just regarding it with a curiously scrutinizing look on his face.

Since I couldn't avoid him, I stood a little straighter and approached anyhow. "What's all this?"

He looked over at me, and then turned his attention back toward the spread. "Food."

Jackass. "I noticed. Someone catered all this in here?"

"Guess so." He scratched at his broad chest, and I was pleased to see he was fully clothed this time, at least. He wore jogging pants and a red t-shirt with a cupcake on it. Kinda sissy for a dude, but whatever. I'd store that particular tidbit for ammo later.

I leaned over the table and peered at the food. Cold cut sandwiches had been sliced into triangles with small toothpicks sticking out. There were deviled eggs, dips, chips, chicken wings, cheeses, fruit and veggie trays, and every kind of finger food imaginable. On the table that Owen stood over, there were desserts. I had a massive sweet tooth, so I gravitated toward that table, expecting Owen to slide away once I did.

He didn't, though. He just stood there, ignoring me, studiously regarding the table.

I wondered what was so fascinating. There was a big creamy looking pie, several puffy little confections with a ton of frosting on them, some cookies, chocolate dipped strawberries, and some other delicious but unidentifiable desserts. "Wow. Looks good."

Owen looked over at me and his mouth turned down. "Are you kidding me? This looks like shit."

"Your version of shit must look really different than mine," I said, reaching for a goopy-looking frosted cupcake with a candy cane sticking out of it. It looked sugary as hell and I was on board for that.

He smacked my hand as I reached for it. "Don't touch that."

I stopped, shocked. He did not just slap my hand, did he? "Excuse me?"

"Didn't you read the sign, Boston? Or are you that uneducated that you need me to read it to you?" He pointed at a piece of paper tacked up on a nearby wall and read it aloud. "DO NOT EAT THE CATERED FOOD. IT IS FOR THE EXECUTIVE PRODUCER'S VISIT TONIGHT."

I rolled my eyes and reached for the cupcake again. "I'll rearrange the plate and they'll never notice it's gone." I lifted it to my mouth and took a big, messy bite right in front of his incredulous eyes. "Mmmm, soooo good." Actually, it was dry. The icing wasn't fresh and tasted gritty, and the cake tasted stale. But I'd be damned if I'd let Owen know that. "This is the best cupcake ever," I muttered around the mouthful, lying.

"You are a total ass, Lunatic," he said in a revolted voice. "Seriously."

I f**king hated that nickname almost as much as I hated him. And since my cupcake sucked, I decided to use it for something else. I took the rest of it and shoved it right onto the center of his t-shirt, where the other cupcake was drawn on. "Here, I'll share."

Owen sucked in a breath and stepped backward, brushing at his shirt. The half-eaten cupcake dropped to the floor between us in a sickly, frosting-covered plop. He stared at me, then down at the cupcake. Then back at me.

I could practically see the wheels turning in his head, and I wasn't surprised when he reached for one of the nearby fluffy pies. He grabbed one off the table and turned toward me.

"Oh no you don't," I said in a warning voice. "Remember, they told us not to touch the food," I mimicked. "And you're such a good little follower that you should put that down--"

The pie smacked me square in the face, and the world went black for a cold, cream-filled second. Then, it dribbled into my mouth and I tasted lemon and a stale meringue.

That jerkface did not just pie me in the face, did he?

Seething, I wiped at my eyes. Over a f**king cupcake? Oh, this bastard was going down. I squeezed my eyes open to see Owen retreating, clearly about to head back up the stairs.

I grabbed the nearest pie and ran after him.

Mine smacked him in the back of the head, dribbling cherry filling and whipped cream down his neck. He halted in place, and I watched the pie pan flop to the ground, and then the rest of the pie slid down his shoulders. Then, he turned and looked at me with eyes so wild with anger I could see nothing but the whites.

The world was still for one brief second.

Then, we both ran for the dessert table.

It was an ugly food fight. Both Owen and I grabbed whatever we could, flinging it at each other. I got creamed over and over again, but I had good aim, and for every smack that Owen got on me, I returned. His dark skin was spattered with icing and whipped cream, and my shirt was sticking to me from the death of a hundred different desserts. Meanwhile, we tore through the dessert table, smashing dessert after dessert into each other. When that ran out, we moved to the appetizer table and threw handfuls of dip at each other, slinging it with abandon and cussing epithets at each other.

Someone grabbed my arm. "Luna! Luna! Stop!"

I jerked away, my arm-and the floor - so slippery that I nearly took a tumble. I managed to right myself just in time to stare into the face of the producer. He was staring at me with horror.

Shit.

"He started it," I blurted, and wiped filling from the corner of my eye.

"She's lying," Owen said. I looked over at him and was pleased to see him smeared with custard, pumpkin, and frosting. He looked like a big drippy snowman that was in the process of melting. I gave him a smug look.

The producer said nothing, simply looked at us and wiped his brow. He was flecked with dessert and dip too, I noticed. Oops. He must have gotten into the way of our war. "Didn't you guys see the sign?"

"I even read it aloud to Luna," Owen said. "She still decided to throw a cupcake on me."

I stuck my tongue out at him.

"The way I saw it, both of you were throwing equally," the producer said, and shook his head. "God. Now I have to get catering to come back out here." He sighed, then glared at us. "You two. Go get cleaned up and then I want you to clean this shit up. Right now, or you're both going home and forfeiting your prize money."

I scowled and crossed my arms. That prize money was five grand just for being on the show. "Fine." I shot one last glare at Owen and then stomped upstairs.

"Not so fast," Owen said. "There's only one shower and I want it first--"

I ran up the stairs.

"Goddamn it," Owen said, and I heard him stomp after me.

I managed to get up the stairs and slide into the bathroom and locked it before he made it to the door. I heard him thud against it, and then he cursed. A moment later, he banged a fist on the door. "Don't use all the hot water!"

Oh, I'd make sure I would. With an evil smile, I turned the hot water up.

THE NEXT MORNING, THE LODGE was utterly quiet. I frowned, put on the coffee, and padded around the downstairs. There wasn't the sound of another person anywhere around here. I checked the clock, since they'd confiscated our phones before we came on the show. It was super early, which meant that the camera crew should have been around, just getting ready to leave.

There was no one at all.

Chewing on my lip, I got my coffee and noticed a tray of donuts had been left for us. A very small tray - not enough for a crew full of cameramen. Thoughtful, I grabbed one and headed into the living area of the lodge, plunking myself down on a couch. From here, I had a perfect vantage point of both stairs and lodge doors. If anyone came in or went out, I'd see them.

Of course, the next person I saw was Owen, emerging from his room. I made a face and sipped my coffee, staring out the lodge windows. The snowy ground outside was gorgeous, but looked bitterly cold. Once again, I was thankful I was inside and voted off instead of roughing the elements with nothing but that crinkly blanket thing. Upstairs, I had a real bed with thick quilts and there was a heater in the lodge that ran all day to keep it nice and toasty warm.

I liked the Loser Lodge.

Owen disappeared into the kitchen, and I heard the sound of coffee brewing. After a few minutes, he came into the living room and sat down across from me, legs casually spread as if he had not a care in the world. He wore pajamas, and another one of those cupcake shirts - this time in blue.

The man had a cupcake fetish apparently.

We drank our coffee in silence, avoiding looking at each other.

"Where is everyone?" Owen asked after a long minute.

"Do I look like the Cameraman Whisperer to you?"

He was silent.

I was silent, too.

The front door opened a few minutes later and I jumped to my feet, relieved. Someone else to talk to! An assistant entered-Kitty. I'd talked to her a few times before she'd admitted they weren't supposed to chat with us, but I liked her. She had a grocery bag in her arms, and she gave us a cheerful smile. "Hey guys. How are things?"

"Good," I said, heading in her direction. I took the bag from her so she could remove her coat. "Where's everyone today?"

"Oh, there was a big meeting yesterday," Kitty said, grinning. "A big shakeup. They're deciding to do all kinds of things differently since this is the Christmas edition. They figured they can modify the rules for this particular show."

"Really? Like how?" I headed into the kitchen area with the grocery bag.

"Well, the producers aren't very happy with you guys," she said, frowning. "That food fight cost the catering allowance an extra three grand."

"Three grand?" Owen snorted from his vantage point on the couches. "For that stale garbage? You guys are getting ripped off."

Kitty shrugged. "Regardless, the executive producer is kinda cheap and he doesn't like to waste money like that. He's really not happy with you two." She hesitated, and I noticed she wasn't taking her coat off, just playing with the zipper over and over again.

"So what is it?" I asked, setting the bag down on the counter and looking at her. "Are we being punished? Is that why everyone's gone?"

"Yes and no," she said. "So here's the thing. It's kind of a punishment for you two and kind of a great twist in the game."

My stomach lurched. "Oh?"

"Yep!" Her voice had a happy note. "They've decided to do a final five."

My eyes widened. "A final five?"

"Why?" Owen blurted. He got up from the couch and moved to the other side of the counter from me, watching Kitty with wary eyes. "What's the point of a final five? The vote's going to be split all different ways."

"Not really," Kitty said. "The producers wanted a prime number for jury members, and they thought...eleven would be perfect." Zip zip zip...she moved her coat zipper up and down in an agitated fashion.

I counted in my head. Eleven jury members and five contestants left...that was everyone still in the game. "So...wait. Everyone left gets to be on the jury?" Jury members got twice as much money as the other losers and they were sequestered from everyone else, which meant even nicer digs.

"Yep," Kitty said, and flicked her zipper up again. Then down. Then up. She wasn't looking me in the eye. "So, the base of operations is heading over to the Jury lodge. I'm going to come here daily to make sure that you guys have everything you need, but for the most part...you guys are it for the Loser Lodge."

I stared at her in horror. "You've got to be kidding me."

"I wish I was," she said in a small voice. "I'm sorry."

I sucked in a deep breath. Let it whistle back out. "So...wait. For the next month, everyone's going to be over at the other lodge, partying it up and building the jury? What about the camera crew that films us?" At least we'd have them to talk to, right?

Kitty wrinkled her nose. Toyed with her zipper some more. "Well, since we only have two loser lodge members, they decided to nix that footage and just go with extended juror footage. Sorry."

"So we're not even going to be filmed for the website?" I blinked.

She bit her lip and zip zip zipped again. "Remember the part I said about punishment?"

I remembered.

"So, in other words, because we misbehaved, the producers are punishing us by forcing us to stay in this lodge with no company except each other for the next three weeks," Owen said. "Is that right?"

"In a nutshell." Zip zip.

I was going to jerk that damn zipper out of her hands in the next minute if she didn't stop it. Hell, it wasn't Kitty's fault, though. She was an assistant. She was just doing whatever they told her to do. I rubbed my forehead. "This sucks."

"I'm sorry," Kitty said in a small voice. "If you need something, though, you just let me know and I'll get it for you. Otherwise, I'm not supposed to stay for long. Boss's orders."

"It's okay," I said, and patted her shoulder. "Thank you."

"I brought some groceries," she said timidly. "If you make a list I can bring you some other stuff over the next few days, okay?"

"Thank you," Owen said. His voice was so flat that it didn't sound polite at all.

"Okay," Kitty said, and gave me a faint smile. "See you guys tomorrow." She turned and headed for the door. "Happy holidays!"

I watched her go, and shut the front door of the lodge behind her. There went my only hope for company for the next three weeks.

Eleven damn jurors and a final five. It was unbelievable. The producers were bending the rules just to punish us. We wouldn't be let out of our 'jail' until the show stopped filming, which was around New Year's.

If we left, we'd not only forfeit our money for being on the show, but we'd be in breach of contract to the tune of a million dollars.

We were trapped and they knew it.

This was some punishment.

I looked over at Owen, but his arms were crossed. He slouched against the counter and stared out the windows, his expression bleak.

I knew just how he felt. We'd been sentenced to a month of sheer torture.

Happy holidays, indeed.

I FULLY ADMIT THAT I sulked for a few hours. I avoided Owen, too. If he was in the living room, I was in my room. If he was in his room, I headed down to the living room. I did some yoga to center myself, worked on my horror movie script, and spent a lot of time staring out at the snow.

I was pretty effing bored by the end of the day, too.

I liked having people to talk to. I was a social creature. That was why I went to the coffee shop to do my writing instead of hanging out at home. Being a writer was a lonely sort of thing. I didn't do so good with lonely. I got my best ideas when I chatted with other people. I'd start talking, and they'd start talking, and my brain would suddenly start pinging all these different ideas to me and I'd have to scramble to write them all down.

When it was just me? I had nothing but an empty piece of paper.

The idyllic lodge was starting to suck, too. There were no phones, because we were supposed to be in seclusion. No TVs either, for the same reason. No computers. Nada. There were magazines, a few books, and a crossword puzzle book that I'd done most of on my first day here.

So I sat with my notepad in hand and stared out the snowy window, bored out of my mind. The fire crackled and blazed, and I occasionally got up to toss another log on.

Around sunset, I was watching the orange and purple skies light up and trying to think of a way to get my serial killer, nicknamed 'the Termite,' all the way to Alaska for the new setting. I had nothing. Ugh.

Above me, the floorboards creaked. (I wrote that down, because a good creaking floorboard was a staple in a horror movie). Then, I heard the heavy, rhythmic thump of Owen's feet coming down the stairs. Mentally, I braced myself. I was cozy on the couch, a blanket over my legs, my grilled cheese sandwich on a nearby plate, and my notepad in front of me. I'd just built the fire up to a roaring blaze, and now he was going to come down here and force me out. I clenched my jaw, irritated.

Sure enough, Owen came down to the living room and threw himself down on the couch across from me.

I waited.

He said nothing for a long minute, and then locked his hands and leaned forward, bracing his arms on his knees. "Truce?"

I blinked. I was pretty sure I'd heard him wrong. "Huh?"

"I said, truce?" Those gorgeous amber eyes focused on me. "Look. I know we got off on the wrong foot over and over again, but it's pretty obvious that we're going to be stuck with no company but each other's for the next month. And I'd really prefer not to spend my time hiding from each other. So why don't we declare a truce and try to be decent to each other for the next few weeks?"

He stuck a hand out to me to shake.

I narrowed my eyes and stared at it, not quite trusting him. After a moment, I reached out and gingerly touched his fingertips, then turned his hand over and examined the other side.

"What are you looking for?" he asked.

"A joy buzzer. This is a trap, right?"

He drew back and sighed heavily. "It's not a trap, Boston. Jesus, you're suspicious."

"Well, how do you expect me to behave?" I said defensively. "From day one, you've mocked the way I talk, told me I sucked at challenges, and turned everyone against me."

"Yeah, that worked out really well for me, didn't it?" he said sarcastically. "Seeing as how I was out second?"

Was this...an ass-backwards apology of some kind? "So you admit that you were wrong?"

"No," he said, tilting his head as if he were trying to reason with some strange creature. "I'm admitting that I'm super competitive. You are, too."

Well, that was true enough. I toyed with the edges of my notepad. "So are you going to keep making fun of my accent?"

A hint of smile flashed across his face. "I might."

I made a face at him and searched for a rejoinder. His cupcake tee-shirt glared out at me, and inspiration struck. "Then I'm going to call you Cupcake every time you do."

"I wish you wouldn't."

"Wish in one hand, shit in the other, see which one fills up faster," I told him, using one of my Pops' favorite sayings.

"God, Boston. You have a mouth on you." He shook his head.

"Thank you," I said primly. And then I couldn't think of anything else to say so I turned back to my notepad. I was character sketching, and until now, I'd been completely dry. Hero's brother has ridiculous name, I wrote in the margins. You couldn't de-masculine the hero, but I could always add a comic relief male character. Maybe I'd call him Cupcake. A big, bulky guy named Cupcake could be fun. I wrote that down.

Owen stretched out on the couch across from me and propped his head up on one elbow, watching me. "So what's in the notepad?"

"Work," I said abruptly, and scratched out Cupcake so he couldn't read it. Too obvious. I changed it to 'Sugarbean.'

"What kind of work?"

"Script work."

His brows drew together. "What do you mean, script work?"

I began to write some more, mostly to keep my fingers busy. "You go to the movies much?"

"Sometimes."

"You like horror movies?"

"Sometimes."

"You ever see The Termite or The Termite 2: Walls of Blood?"

He snorted. "Not if I can help it."

"Those are my movies," I told him proudly. "I write horror movie scripts. Sometimes they get picked up by Hollywood, sometimes not." Okay, most times not, but I wouldn't tell him that. "I've had two picked up by production companies and two more purchased by TV channels who want some Saturday night flicks." I gestured at my pad. "Right now, since I have time on my hands, I'm sketching out some preliminary ideas for Termite 3."

"Huh."

"What's that 'huh' mean?"

"It means you're a tiny little chick, you know? Kinda girly except for that Boston mouth on you. You don't seem like the type that would be into horror movies."

"I happen to love horror movies, "I told him loftily. "They're escapist fun."

He grinned, and for a moment he was so gorgeous my heart flipped. "So what's The Termite about? Is he a big bug that eats people?"

I shook my head. "Nah. That's too easy. Plus those B-movie special effects look like shit. He's a serial killer that likes to hide in the walls and kill his victims. He's called The Termite because he emerges from the woodwork and attacks, and then drags them back into the walls. No one knows where people are disappearing to until they smell something, or the blood leaks through." Both of which I'd used to great effect in the first and second movies.

Owen wrinkled his nose. "Sounds nasty."

"It's supposed to." I tapped my pen on my notepad. "What is it you do?"

For a second, his gaze flicked away. "I'm a pastry chef."

I blinked. "Really?"

"What, a big guy can't be a pastry chef?" he said defensively. "I like cooking. I especially like baking."

"Okay," I said, since he'd gotten all pissy about it. "Is that why you keep wearing a cupcake on your chest?"

He patted his shirt. "Family business. My mom makes the wedding cakes, and I make everything else."

"That's kind of...cute. My mom hates my job."

He grinned. "You make her go see your movies?"

"Not after the first one. She screamed at all the wrong moments." A reluctant smile was curving my mouth. God, it was so nice to talk to someone, even if it was Owen. "So what kind of pastries do you make?"

"Better shit than they were serving here. That catering was a joke."

I arched an eyebrow. "That sounds like a challenge to me. Am I going to have to insist that you show off your culinary skills?"

"I don't know. You going to let me read those script notes of yours?"

I looked down at my nonsensical notes. Lots of scratch outs, and Sugarbean? Walls? Train? Yeah. No way I was showing that to anyone. It looked like the ramblings of a psychopath. "Okay, fine. You win."

"That's what I thought," Owen said smugly, but there was a smile on his face.

THE NEXT MORNING, I MADE enough coffee in the coffee pot for two people. That was my concession to Owen that I didn't wish death on him any longer. I grabbed one of the stale donuts from the plate in the kitchen, headed out into the living room, and wrote on my notepad. I had a character or two sketched out by the time Owen woke up. I'd probably have to change everything, but at least my pen was moving instead of going nowhere.

"Morning," Owen said as he headed down the stairs.

"Hey there," I said, keeping my voice pleasant. "There's coffee in the pot."

He grunted and headed for the kitchen area. I watched him pour himself a cup of coffee, sipped it, and then rubbed his face. He sat down at the breakfast bar and then looked over at me with hooded, sleepy eyes.

I felt a shiver in my belly.

"You want French toast?"

I tilted my head, interested. "French toast? From a self-professed amazing pastry chef? That seems a little simplistic if you ask me."

He laughed. "Stuffed French toast with whipped cream on top?"

"Now you're talking." I got up from my perch in the living room and joined him in the kitchen.

I had to admit, Owen knew his way around. He pulled ingredients out of the overstuffed fridge and began to combine things, then whipped eggs in one bowl while turning on the burner with another. Me, I wasn't good at multi-tasking, so it was nifty to watch him work. He was all suave confidence, and when he cut a thickly sliced piece of homemade bread open to stuff it, my mouth was watering. When had he made the bread?

By the time he put the plate in front of me, wild horses couldn't have kept me away from that delicious smelling creation. I took the fork he offered me with a smile, cut in, bit down, and moaned. "Oh, my god. That is incredible."

He blinked his eyes at me. Then grinned. "So you approve?"

"I've never tasted anything better," I admitted, cutting another huge bite. "I fully admit you are incredible."

"My ego is fully repaired now that Luna thinks I am incredible," he said with a laugh, then sat down to eat his own breakfast.

The room felt weirdly charged after that. I ate quietly (though my insides were still moaning with glee over each delicious bite) and thought. Maybe I shouldn't have said Owen was incredible. Maybe just 'good' would have been enough for his ego. 'Incredible' had made things odd.

Owen toyed with a bite of his food and glanced at the massive windows on the far side of the room. "Is that a snowstorm?"

"Yup." I couldn't keep the smugness out of my voice.

He grinned over at me, and little lines of pleasure crinkled around those magnificent amber eyes. "You feeling a little gleeful that the others are trapped out in this while we're not?"

"Yup," I repeated.

He laughed. "They won't let them freeze. I mean, we had blankets and fire and someone came by to help us finish the shelter after you left. They just want us to look miserable for the camera."

"I hope they look exceedingly miserable," I told him. "I'm cheering for Patty."

"Me too," he said.

That surprised me. "You're not rooting for Clarissa?"

Owen shook his head. "Who do you think ousted me? We lost the second challenge and she decided strength wasn't doing us any favors, so she kept the people she felt she could control the most. She even asked me to not have hard feelings."

I scraped the last bite from my plate. "And do you?"

"Have hard feelings? You bet I do." He looked at the windows. "Let it snow all it wants. I hope we get a f**king blizzard."

I raised my coffee cup into the air. "To a blizzard!"

He clinked his mug with mine.

LIKE A PAIR OF WARY CATS getting used to living with each other, Owen and I spent a fair amount of time apart, but were gradually coming together. Kitty had stopped by with some groceries, and to my surprise, there were quite a few baking goods included.

"I thought I might as well bake for the crew if we're stuck here," Owen said. "Kind of as an apology for dicking over the exec's big meal."

"And sucking up so they'll let us into the lodge with the others?" I guessed.

Owen gave me a small smile. "Maybe."

I eyed the ingredients. "So what are we making?"

"I happen to be the world's best cookie maker," he told me.

I snorted. "Please. Anyone can make cookies."

"I bet I can make them better than you."

"Oh, is that so?" I told him. "You wanna make a bet?"

He rested a hand on the counter next to me and leaned in. "What kind of bet?"

I considered it for a moment. "Loser has to do all the dishes."

"That's not much of a challenge if you ask me."

"Loser also forfeits all of the hot water in the house." The hot water was still a sore point between the two of us. The lodge might have been massive, but the hot water heater was stingy, and there was usually only enough heated water for one shower.

"Now that sounds like a deal. Who's going to judge?"

I shrugged. "We can have Kitty judge when she comes in to pick up the cookies for the crew tomorrow, right?"

"Sounds good to me. You're on." Owen's eyes gleamed with a challenge.

"Get ready to lose," I declared loftily.

WE SPENT THE AFTERNOON IN a cookie-off. I started off with a tried-and-true-chocolate chip cookies. Of course, Owen had to show me up and made some sort of 'twice dipped' biscotti thing that he said was coated with ganache.

I said I didn't even know what ganache was, and that we didn't eat sissy stuff like that in Boston, and only dudes that wore cupcakes on their chests would know what the hell ganache was.

So then we had another food fight, but this one was full of giggling and flour, and cookies shoved down each other's front. I ended up with ganache all in my bra before I conceded defeat...but only on the food fight front.

From there, we went to stages. I decided to make gingerbread men.

Owen decided to make divinity in the shape of stars.

I decided to make sugar cookies in fun Christmas shapes.

He made something called snowflake drops that melted in your mouth.

The f**ker just didn't play fair. At all.

By the end of the day, my stomach was aching from taste-testing both my own creations and his. We had plate after plate of cookies, and I had to concede defeat even before they went out the door. Mine were questionable at best. His were gorgeous creations. I admit that watching him work distracted me. Owen had great big football-player hands, but they were surprisingly delicate and could ice a curly mustache onto a gingerbread man with expertise.

My gingerbread men looked more like rancid hobos that had been caught in a blender. Sigh.

So I did the dishes that night, though Owen had swung by to help me. It was only fair, he said, since he dirtied a lot more bowls than I did with his ornate creations. It wasn't my fault, he told me, that I only knew how to make stuff that had one-step instructions.

So then we had a suds-and-dishwater fight.

AFTER BREAKFAST THE NEXT MORNING, we were in the living room, drinking our coffees and just hanging out. I was still poking at my notes for Termite 3, since it wasn't truly coming together just yet. "I'm not sure how he gets from California to Alaska," I told Owen. "He's hideously deformed so it's not like he can take a plane."

"Put him on a train," Owen said, stretched out on the couch opposite me, coffee mug in hand.

I rolled my eyes. "I can't put him on a train, either. Did you not hear the part I said about hideously deformed? Wait...is that how is it you get around?" I fluttered my eyelashes at him. "Tell me how it works for you."

He tossed a throw pillow at me.

I ducked, giggling.

We'd gone from abject hatred to a competitive sort of friendship. I had to admit that it was fun to taunt Owen. He gave as good as I did.

"A train," he repeated, as if I were the slow one here. "You know, like hobos do in the movies. They climb onto an open car when it's at a stop and ride all the way to wherever it takes them. Problem solved."

"Oh. That's pretty good, actually." I wrote a few notes down. "I might have to use that."

"I could totally write a horror movie better than you," he said smugly.

I snorted. "Dream on. You don't have the patience to sit down and write seventy five pages of dialogue and scene blocking, Cupcake, so don't even start."

"Well, Boston," he said, enunciating my nickname. "I think I'm better at you than most stuff."

"You would think that."

"You ever built a snowman?" He gestured at the snow-laden grounds outside. Heavy drifts blanketed the land surrounding the lodge. "I bet I could build a better snowman than you any day."

"I wouldn't build a snowman," I told him. "I'm an equal opportunity builder. I'd have to make a snow lady. And she'd be a better snow lady than whatever you could come up with."

"Sounds like a dare to me."

"Winner gets the hot water?" I hated the cold showers.

"You're on," he said, and bounded up from the couch.

FIVE

I'm not hating this whole 'Loser Lodge' thing, I have to admit. But Luna's being kind of thick-headed. How many times do I have to pick a fight with the girl to get her to realize I want to kiss her? - Owen MacIntosh, to Kitty

"I'M SO GLAD THE TWO of you are getting along now," Kitty said, smiling at me as she brought in the groceries one morning. "I felt really guilty that you guys were left out in the cold when it comes to the whole jury thing."

"It's okay," I told her. I was over it. Mostly. "You brought the s'mores?" Owen had said I couldn't make a s'more properly, so I had resolved to show him just how great a s'more maker I was.

"I did."

"Great. What's in the other bag?" Kitty normally only brought one bag with her, but today she had a second one.

"It's some Christmas stuff. You guys haven't decorated or anything."

I regarded the bag as if it would bite me. "I'll, um, see if Owen wants to." I hadn't brought it up. I wasn't interested in Christmas.

Kitty sensed my lack of enthusiasm, and her eager face looked a little unhappy. "Well, no one says you have to decorate, I suppose. I just thought you might be bored." She glanced around. "Where's Owen?"

"Hogging all the hot water." I smiled at her. "The spoils of victory." We'd made snowmen all day and then bickered about who had the better snow person. It turned into a snowball fight, and when we ran out of easily accessible snow, the snowmen had been cannibalized.

The snowman match was declared a draw.

"I should go," Kitty said. "Lots to do at the jury lodge. It's busy as heck over there."

"Oh? Who's in there?" I gave her an innocent smile.

"You know I can't say." She wagged a cheery finger at me. "Nice try, though."

"I always have to try," I told her, and saw her out the door.

I didn't touch the bag of Christmas crap. Instead, I returned to my favorite spot on the couches and continued working on my script. The ideas were coming hot and heavy now, and morphing (as they always did). Sugarbean was now a burly football player with the last name of 'Sugarman' and had a heart of gold. He was the chesty beefcake that the quiet, scholarly her**ne would fall for - provided he didn't die at the Termite's clutches. I hadn't decided yet. In the scene I was working on, Sugarman had just arrived at the lodge after a long, sweaty day of wood-chopping and was undressing to get into the shower. Then, of course, he heard a noise coming from the wall. Next--

"Hey, what's all this stuff?"

I looked up to see Owen in the kitchen area, peeking through the bags that Kitty had left. I blinked, putting aside my notepad. I'd been so into my scene that I hadn't even noticed he was downstairs. He was dressed in his usual - workout pants and one of those bakery t-shirts he always wore. I wondered if he'd packed them all to give his mom's business a little boost by wearing them on camera, and then felt guilty that we were being removed from the Loser Lodge footage for our bad behavior. So much for that boost. "That stuff? Kitty brought over some Christmas garbage."

His eyes lit up, and his whole gorgeous face broke into a grin. "You want to go get a tree?"

"Is this the part where I can say 'Bah Humbug?'"

"You don't like Christmas?"

"Like is such an...inadequate word," I told him, moving to his side as he dug through the bag. It looked more like a bunch of craft junk than Christmas decorations. "I loathe Christmas."

Owen stopped and looked at me, surprised. "Why?"

I shrugged, but even as I did, I felt a thick knot forming in my throat. "My Pops died a few years ago right before Christmas." Hell, I couldn't even make it through the words without getting all misty eyed. I swallowed hard and waved a hand, trying to make light of my tears. "It's fine."

"Ah, damn. It's not fine. That sucks." Owen grabbed me and before I could protest, he dragged me against his chest in a hug. "I'm sorry, Boston."

I was stunned. He hadn't seemed the most demonstrative of people when I'd met him, and having him hug me now threw me for a loop. He was big and warm, though, the top of my head brushing against his chin. And his arms felt great. I sighed, fighting tears. "Sorry. I keep telling myself every year it'll be different and I won't get upset this time."

"I understand. You need a distraction."

"A...distraction?"

"Yeah. You're stuck in your memories, that's all. You need new ones so you don't think of the sad ones when you see a tree or a candy cane."

It didn't sound like a bad idea. "Maybe, but it's kinda hard to do. I can't suggest it to my mom," I told him. "It'd be like trying to replace Pops."

"Here's the perfect time, then," he said, and wrapped his arms around me. I could have sworn I felt his mouth press on the top of my head. He'd probably done it in the heat of the moment as a mistake, not realizing who I was. Then, his hand tapped my arm. "I know."

"What?"

"We have an axe in the woodshed. I bet I can find a better Christmas tree than you can."

I snorted. "Are you kidding? You have terrible taste. Look at your wardrobe."

"Sounds like a challenge," he said slowly.

And I knew I was being goaded into it, but I was grinning, so I didn't much care. "You're on. Hot water up on the table as the prize?"

"You bet."

WE BICKERED OVER TREES FOR most of the afternoon. I wanted a huge one. After all, why not go in style? But Owen had argued (quite sensibly, curse him) that the last thing we wanted was to haul a massive tree all the way back to the lodge and try to put it up with just the two of us.

So we settled on a nicely sized tree, though neither of us could say for sure which one pointed it out first.

I let him chop down the tree, though I critiqued his swing. And we both dragged it back (which also turned into a race, because that was just how we were). Then, we managed to get it inside and placed in the corner of the lodge before dinner.

We had sandwiches, and then set to decorating. Kitty's bag had included string and needles and a bag of popcorn for popcorn garlands, and construction paper for colorful chains and snowflakes. It was going to look like a kindergarten Christmas tree, but it would be one-hundred percent ours. And it would be fun to decorate.

"I'm totally making my chain longer than yours, Cupcake. Check this out." I spread out the red and green links that I'd been chaining together for the past hour between bites of my sandwich. "You're not going to be able to compete."

"That's because the popcorn's so much smaller," he protested. He had the needle and thread and was stringing the popcorn on. "We should time how long we get in a half hour and then switch, and see who comes out ahead."

"You're just jealous because mine's bigger than yours," I said archly.

He snorted. "Trust me, Luna, that is not a phrase most people say to me."

My mind went to dirty, dirty places.

MY MIND REMAINED IN DIRTY places for the next day, and I couldn't take my eyes off of Owen. Why had I hated the man? He was competitive, just like me. I understood that.

He was also flat-out gorgeous. Everything about him drove me wild with lust, from the way the corners of his eyes crinkled a little when he smiled, to the liquid gold color they seemed to be when he was concentrating, to the way his big hands moved when he cooked. I always made him cook, and it was mostly so I could watch him.

When he showered, I tried not to think about him soaping up his big body with those big hands...which meant, of course, I could think of nothing but that. When he went to sleep, I pictured him in bed, limbs twined in the sheets. Did he sleep nak*d? I pictured that, too, and found myself flustered and needing that cold shower before I slept.

I'd gone from despising the guy to having an amicable rivalry with him...to lusting after him. I was pretty sure the lust was purely one-sided, though, so I kept my dirty thoughts to myself.

Kitty showed up the next day with more groceries and a new bag of stuff for us. She looked pleased at the sight of our tree, and we spent the rest of the day making more garlands and festooning the lodge with them. The rivalry remained with Owen, but now there was a weird sort of tension behind it, and every time his fingers brushed mine, or his body brushed up against my own, I'd tense like a skittish cat.

Which was silly. Owen wasn't acting any different. It was me being the tool.

The next day, I worked on my script for part of the morning while Owen made more cookies for the crew. They'd asked for seconds of his - and told me to stay out of the kitchen. Owen had laughed his head off at that request, and I'd mock-scowled, though I thought it was kind of funny, too. We worked companionably. When I'd get stuck (as I often did), I'd call out a question to Owen, and chatting with him always jarred the stuck part of my story loose. It was great.

That afternoon, we chopped wood since we were low. Even though we'd made it a contest, Owen chopped three times as much as me. I protested that it was because he was a guy. Owen said I couldn't use his gender against him. We'd called it a truce and headed in for showers, and I changed into comfortable pajamas to sit in front of the fire. Owen had promised me s'mores, damn it, and I was going to collect tonight. I wore a pair of leggings and an off-the-shoulder oversized t-shirt, since it mixed comfy with 'just a little sexy' since my bra-straps showed.

When I arrived downstairs, the fire was already going. Big pillows to sit on and a lap-tray with chocolate, graham-crackers, marshmallows, and skewers sat in front of the pillows. I picked a seat and sat down, looking around for Owen. I didn't see him anywhere. "You coming?" I called out.

"Yep," he said, emerging from the mud room and shutting the door behind him. "Sorry. Was working on something."

I frowned over at him. "Working on what?"

"Nothing important, Boston." He rubbed his hand on his shirt. Owen wore his typical cupcake shirt. Strange how such a big guy could make something as silly as a cupcake shirt rather masculine.

"Uh huh," I said. "Well, wash your hands and let's have some s'mores, shall we?"

"Sure." He seemed unusually tense tonight. Edgy, almost. I watched him as he washed up, frowning to myself. When he sat down next to me, he wouldn't look me in the eye.

"What's bothering you?" I asked him.

He looked over at me for a long moment, and said nothing. It looked as if he was considering saying something, then, shook his head. "Nothing."

"Riiight." I gave him a skeptical look.

He rubbed at his thick, dark hair. "Can you help me with something?"

"What is it?"

"It's in the mud room," he told me, and again, he wouldn't look me in the eye.

"But you just came out of there."

"I know. But I need help with something."

"Are you getting weird on me, Cupcake?" I asked him.

He snorted his answer.

I got to my feet and, curious, I headed to the mud room. The door was shut and I pushed it open, stepped down into the cold little room that we kept our boots and jackets in, and looked around. "Should I put my boots on?"

"Nope, you're fine." He moved forward and steered me a little toward the center of the room.

"Fine for what?"

"Fine for this," he said, and pointed above me.

I looked up and saw....mistletoe hanging from the ceiling.

My face turned bright red. "Owen, I--"

He leaned down and kissed me.

I was so surprised that my mouth was hanging open a little when his descended. I felt his tongue flick against my open mouth, then just as quickly pull away again. And then Owen was looking at me like there was something wrong with the scenario. Like it hadn't gone the way he'd pictured it in his mind and he was disappointed.

"What?" I said, the single word sounding more brusque than I intended.

Owen sighed. "I...nothing. Sorry. Let's just go eat, okay?"

I watched him, confused, as he left the mud room. What was going on? He'd kissed me and then changed his mind? Did he not want to kiss me? Had I not responded properly? He hadn't really given me a chance to respond at all.

I mean, what the fuck? You didn't just drag a girl into a mud room, give her a quick smooch, and then run off. Who did that?

Bewildered, I returned to the main room of the lodge. Owen was sitting in front of the fireplace, busily spearing several marshmallows onto his skewer. He looked over his shoulder at me. "You going to come eat?"

It was like nothing had happened.

I sat next to him, picked up my skewer, and resisted ramming it up his nose. "I'm confused."

He glanced over at me. "'Bout what?" He picked up a chocolate bar and then made a face. "These are already half melted because we had them too close to the fire."

"Forget the chocolate bars," I told him, tempted to knock one out of his hand with my skewer. "What just happened back there?"

"Well, I hung the mistletoe there because it was the only place I could reach the roof without getting out a ladder. I figured if I dragged the ladder out here, you would have noticed right away."

I blinked at him. "But why mistletoe?" I felt like I needed concrete answers and the man wasn't giving me any.

He looked at me with those gorgeous, warm eyes. "It's a Christmas tradition? You kiss someone under it--"

"I know how mistletoe works!"

"--And I wanted to kiss you." He shrugged and turned back to the fire, shoving his marshmallow-covered skewer into the flames. "Sorry if it made things awkward."

My mouth worked to form a protest, but no words came out. I didn't know what to say. Did he kiss me just because he felt like it? Because he was bored? Or because he wanted to kiss me?

He glanced over at me. "Quit staring at me, Boston. You're making me jumpy."

"I just..." I swallowed. Thought. Picked up one of the chocolate bars. Kept thinking. "I guess I just don't follow."

"What part?"

"Why you'd want to kiss me?"

He didn't look in my direction, and I could have sworn there was a hint of a dark flush on his cheeks. "I thought it was pretty obvious, Boston. I like you."

I was speechless. That seemed to happen a lot around Owen lately. He liked me? Even though we bickered and fought over everything? Turned the smallest of things into a challenge? He liked me? That was crazy, right? I mean, I liked him, but I thought I was crazy for that, too.

"I..." I began to speak and looked down to compose my thoughts. As I did, I noticed that the chocolate I was clutching was in the process of melting all over the wrapper, and I'd dripped some onto his skin. His gorgeous, gorgeous, lickable skin. "Oops," I said, pointing out his hand.

"Oh." He raised it in the air, and then looked around for a napkin.

I grabbed his hand and dragged it to my mouth, and swiped at his skin with my tongue. Delicious.

His gaze moved to my face, and Owen stared at me for a long, tense moment.

"Did you just..."

"I bet I can kiss better than you," I said, as breathless as him.

Owen threw aside his skewer just as I moved forward and grabbed his shirt. Then, our mouths locked and we were kissing - oh god, were we kissing - and his tongue slid against mine and it was incredible. His hands slid up and down my back as I made small whimpering noises. We were frantic with lust, tearing at each other's clothes.

His mouth slid over mine, hot, wet, slick, and full of need. "I don't know," he murmured. "I'm a pretty damn good kisser."

"So am I. I have to admit I'm not seeing anything impressive yet."

"With my kissing?" He looked startled.

"That's right," I dared him. "I think I need to see some more imagination if you're going to win this thing."

His hands cupped my face, and he leaned in and gave me the longest, most exquisite kiss I'd ever experienced. His tongue lapped at my mouth so sensually that I was stunned I didn't come right then and there. I moaned in protest when he broke it off.

"How was that?" he murmured, his tongue trailing along my jaw.

"Better," I panted. "Needs improvement, but better."

"Good." His fingers tore at my t-shirt. Owen pulled at it and then dragged it up, and I raised my arms so he could pull it over my head. Then, I was sitting in front of him in just a bra and leggings, and his eyes feasted on my bared skin.

"I have an idea," he told me.

"Oh?"

I watched with glazed, fascinated eyes as he reached over to one of the melted chocolate bars and dipped his fingertips into the chocolate. Then, he lifted them to my mouth and began to paint my lips with the chocolate.

I was both aroused by that motion...and disappointed that he'd only gone to my lips.

I shivered when he leaned in and licked at my lower lip, sucking off the chocolate. Then he moved to kiss me again, his tongue sliding into my mouth, and the taste of him was sinfully sweet and exquisite.

"Better?"

I couldn't even formulate an answer that time. I just dragged my arms around his neck and pulled him down over me. My bra brushed against his cupcake shirt and I dragged my fingers across the front of it. "Can we get rid of this?"

"It depends," he told me, and his fingers flicked at my bra strap. "Can we get rid of this?"

"I suppose it's only fair."

"I like fair." His mouth captured mine again, and then his fingers moved to attack the clasp on the back of my bra. I wasn't getting topless without seeing him the same way, though, so I dragged at his t-shirt. We both paused a moment later to strip off the offending clothing, and then my br**sts pressed up against his chest.

I gasped when the tips of my aching br**sts brushed against his smooth chest. That felt sinfully good. I groaned and did it again, just because of how good it felt, and he groaned in response, his big hand moving up to cup my breast. "You're so beautiful, Luna. It's a f**king crime to keep these covered up." His thumb flicked over my nipple.

I moaned, my fingers flexing and kneading his shoulders. "You're pretty good at that."

"Only pretty good? Clearly I need to do better," he said in a teasing voice, and he leaned in, his mouth closing over the other peak even as his thumb and forefinger worked the other one into aching sweetness.

I cried out at the twin sensations. "Okay," I cried. "Much better. You win."

"Oh, I'm just getting started," he said, and tugged at my sleep pants. "Can we take these off?"

"Only if you get rid of yours first," I said. "Only fair."

"I like fair," he said in a sultry voice, reminding me of our earlier words. I shivered with excitement at that.

He stood up, and without teasing me, pulled his pants down. His c*ck sprung free, erect, thick, and enormous. And eye-level. Oh, that sneaky devil. I couldn't resist putting my hands on it and stroking it. "This is impressive," I told him.

"You like?" His voice was practically purring with pleasure at my touch.

"I do," I breathed, unable to tease him any longer. I reached over and slid my mouth along the length of him, tasting him with my lips and tongue. His skin was velvety soft, a delicious contrast from the hard length under all that delicious, musky skin.

"Mmm, that's pretty," he told me, his hand going to my hair and dragging his c*ck across my face. "I think it's only fair that I reciprocate."

"I like fair," I told him, throwing his words back in his face.

He pushed me back down on the floor and kicked his pants off as he moved over me. His fingers dragged my leggings down to my knees, but instead of pulling them off, he hooked his hand in the crotch and dragged my legs forward until they were trapped in a yoga pose that made my ankles startlingly close to my ears.

Then, he leaned in and ran his fingers along my sex. "Mmm. And this is even prettier."

I moaned at his touch, shocked by how good it felt. His fingers rubbed up and down my folds, testing my wetness. I felt one slide into the well of my sex and then he sank it deep. "And all wet and tight, too. Damn, Luna. Christmas came early for me."

"Haven't come yet," I breathed.

He chuckled. "I'll fix that." And his finger began to slowly pump in and out of my sex. Another slid up to my cl*t and began to stroke it, back and forth, left to right, in sure, regular motions. I squirmed against him, the sensations overloading me, but my legs were trapped and pinned in place, and his hands held me captive. The more I writhed, the better it felt, and he just kept rubbing and thrusting with his fingers. I felt my body clench faster than I'd ever felt it before, and I sucked in a breath, shocked when, in the next instant, I had a hard, fast orgasm.

"I liked that," Owen said in a husky voice, and lifted his slick fingers to his mouth and licked them clean. I shuddered with pleasure at the sight of that. He leaned down to kiss me, and then released my pants from where he'd held me pinned. "Be right back with condoms."

I nodded, breathless and languid with satisfied desire. That had been a great orgasm. If we'd have ended there, I'd have been fine with it, but the thought of more had me quivering with anticipation. I was so on board for more.

Owen returned a minute later, a condom in hand. I watched as he opened the package and rolled it down his impressive length. Then, once sheathed, he moved forward and took my mouth in another kiss. His tongue flicked against my own, mimicking his motions on my cl*t earlier. Just like that, I was fired up all over again. I whimpered into his mouth, encouraging him.

His weight slid between my legs and I lifted them around his hips, opening for him. I wanted everything he had to give. I felt the press of his c*ck against my opening, and his mouth captured mine just as he sank deep. I sucked in a breath at the sensation - god, so good - and gave a small whimper as he drew out, only to thrust deep again. Then, Owen began to rock inside me, his motions controlled and slow and exquisitely delicious.

Each thrust made that delicious tension rise higher and higher. Oh god, that was so good. I breathed his name over and over, and let the crest take me. With every motion, I was rising higher and higher, searching for that elusive orgasm. Except this time? Not so elusive. By the time Owen's thrusts became rough and forceful with his own need, I'd come again and was working my way into the next one.

Then, he lifted one of my legs and pressed my ankle to his shoulder, changing the depth of his penetration.

And I came all over again.

Owen didn't last long after that. I felt his body begin to tense and shudder against mine, and I encouraged it, tightening my internal muscles around him and clenching, even as I dug my fingernails into his skin. I whispered his name over and over again, and he came with a shout.

And then we lay in the pillows, breathing hard.

Later, when we'd relaxed, we lay in front of the nearly-dead fire, the cushions scattered everywhere. There were marshmallows and graham crackers all over the floor, but neither of us cared.

I twined my fingers with his. "So...that had potential," I told him in a sly voice.

"Just potential, huh?"

"Yeah," I said, and ruined it with a giggle.

He leaned down and licked my collarbone. "I bet my potential is bigger than yours."

"I think I need proof," I told him, sliding my body against his.

"You're on."

AT SOME POINT, IT GOT TOO cold in the living room and so we retreated back to Owen's room. We squeezed both of our bodies into his small twin bed, and if it meant I slept pressed up against his rock-hard chest all night? I wasn't complaining. I slept like a baby.

The sound of a vacuum running downstairs woke me up.

I yawned, pushing my tousled hair out of my face and peered around.

I...was still sleeping on Owen's bare chest. Who the heck was downstairs with a vacuum?

"Owen," I murmured, tweaking one of his n**ples to wake him up.

"Mmmm." He grabbed my ass and began to drag me over his already-impressively-erect cock. "I like the way you think."

"No!" I scolded, squirming out of his grasp. "There's someone downstairs running a vacuum. Do you hear it?"

He jerked up so fast that his forehead almost smacked mine. Owen frowned and glanced around, then slid out of bed. "Wait here. I'll see if it's a burglar."

Owen ran out of the room.

I rolled my eyes and grabbed my panties and Owen's cupcake shop shirt. "If it was a burglar, why would they vacuum?" I muttered to myself, but there was no one to hear my awesome powers of deduction. So I went downstairs.

It was Kitty and a few other crew members. Kitty was talking to Owen, their heads bent together. Another assistant ran the vacuum over the messy carpet we'd left from last night's make-out session.

Frowning, I went down the stairs and headed toward them. "What's going on?"

"Oh!" She gazed at bare-chested Owen and then at me, pants-less. "Um, good news. Shooting wrapped early."

"It did?" I was surprised to hear that. "But I thought we had..." I counted on my fingers. "We're still a week out from Christmas."

"I know," she said, beaming. "But like I said, the producers wanted to do some crazy stuff this time because it's a holiday season filler, and with the final five and a couple of double eliminations, we're wrapping up now. I'm taking you guys to the airport in about two hours, so go ahead and pack up."

"Oh." I crossed my arms over my chest, thinking. "Um, so who won?"

"It's a secret," she said, and winked at me. "I can't say."

I didn't much care, to be honest. I was just making conversation. I looked at Owen, not sure what to do. We'd just made love last night, and it had been wonderful. What now?

Would he tell me that he wanted to stay here with me a bit longer? Make plans to spend time together?

"Well," Owen said, and rubbed his head. "I guess I should pack up."

SIX

This is the part where I need a Christmas miracle. You sure we can't stay another week or two? No? Just until the New Year? - Owen MacIntosh, to Kitty

I MASKED MY HURT AT OWEN'S indifference all the way to the airport, my bag clutched to my chest. Kitty kept a constant stream of conversation going. Wouldn't we be glad to get out of all this snow? Did Boston have as much snow as Alaska? What about San Diego, where Owen was from? Would he be excited to get back home? Were they excited about seeing the TV show?

I wasn't excited about that prospect at all.

I chewed on my lip as Luna dropped us off at the airport. I looked at my airline ticket. "I'm gate B-34 to Boston," I told Owen.

He held up his ticket with a faint smile. "B-22 to San Diego."

"I guess we should part here, then," I said. I felt so...weird. Sad, but resigned. "It was nice to spend my time at the Loser Lodge with you."

He gave me an awkward smile. "You too."

I waved and turned away.

Someone grabbed me by the purse strap, and I jerked to a halt. I turned around, and Owen's hand had my strap.

Then he pulled me close and dragged me into another hot, breathless kiss that sucked all of the air out of my lungs and filled me with longing.

When he released me, he whispered against my mouth. "Just thought I'd leave you with proof that I'm a better kisser."

I giggled.

He touched my cheek and smiled. "Bye, Luna."

"Bye, Owen," I whispered back.

And then we parted.

I was proud of myself. I made it onto the plane before I broke down into blubbery tears.

CHRISTMAS EVE WAS KIND OF LAME when you didn't celebrate anything. I fidgeted in my chair, my laptop perched atop my legs. I couldn't go to the coffee-shop tonight, not with it being a holiday, so I was forced to work at home. Nearby, my mother knitted a hat and watched a re-run of I Love Lucy.

We were so stinking boring.

I was lonely, too. And sad. It was weird, but that cabin in the middle of nowhere with Owen had felt more homey and cozy than being at home with my mother. I thought of the Christmas tree we'd put up, decorated with the world's longest Christmas garlands, and smiled to myself. Neither one of us had wanted to concede to the other, so we'd ended up making chains over a hundred feet long, and then laughed ourselves silly when we realized how long it took to wrap around the tree.

I'd have loved to spend Christmas Eve curled up in front of the fire with Owen, drinking hot cocoa, eating his delicious cookies, and then f**king like bunnies. Instead, I was home. Home with my mother, because she'd struggled with being alone after my father died, and I'd moved back in...and stayed. I sighed.

"You're moping," my mother said, not looking up from her hat.

"I'm not," I protested. "I don't mope."

"That's the third time you've sighed in five minutes," my mother said. "I recognize a mope when I see one."

I glared at my laptop screen. My working draft of TERMITE 3: IT SLAYED UPON A CHRISTMAS EVE was open. I typed in, "Sugarman walks in. His mom is knitting a hat. She gives him an annoyed look."

Then, I deleted all of it. It was crap. Owen would know what the scene needed. His ideas were always great. Mine alone? Sucked.

"Luna Marie Collins, don't sit there and tell me you're not moping. What's wrong?"

I sighed and picked at one of the loose threads on the arm of the couch. "Nothing."

"Is it because you lost at the game?"

"It wasn't just any game," I muttered. Count on my mother to make me feel like I was five instead of twenty nine. "It was Endurance Island. And I didn't just lose, I came in last place."

"But you still had fun?"

I shrugged. I had fun after I got voted off.

"So when do I get to see the footage of you on the website? I keep checking it and it's never there."

"Um. Well, I'm guessing 'never'." I'd checked the website, too, eager for a glimpse of Owen's face, but it never appeared. In fact, there was no Loser Lodge footage at all, which disappointed me terribly. When Kitty had said the producers were mad at us, she meant it. They really cleaned house. "We sort of got in trouble and production decided to axe the whole Loser Lodge movies thing."

"We?"

"Yeah...I met a guy."

"Oh?" She put down her hat for that. "What's he do?"

"He's a pastry chef. His name's Owen and he lives in San Diego." And he hadn't even asked for my phone number.

"Ah."

"What's that mean?"

"It means I understand the moping now." She gave me a prim look and picked up her hat again. "You met a boy and he lives halfway across the world, so you're moping."

"San Diego isn't so far from Boston," I told her. But it was, really. Just like Endurance Island wasn't anything like reality. There was a disconnect that was too big to overcome.

Sad to say, but I would probably never see Owen again. I'd even asked about the reunion show and Kitty had hemmed and hawed. "Oh, um," she'd said when I'd called her. "See, they're still deciding if they should include the non-jury members."

Which meant no. I'd hung up, depressed.

No Owen. Merry Christmas to me. I sighed again.

My mother flung down her knitting. "Stop that, Luna!"

"I'm sorry," I said, snapping my laptop shut. "Jesus. Forgive a girl if she's all sad and crap, okay?"

"I understand being sad," my mother said. "You don't think I miss your father?"

I mentally groaned and felt guilty. "Of course you do. I'm sorry."

"But you know, you have to keep on living," my mother said. She shook her head as she looked at me. "You're young. You can't spend every holiday here with me, wishing your father was here."

I blinked back a rush of tears. I missed him every day. On holidays, I showed solidarity to my mother, though. "I don't mind being here with you."

"You're young," she repeated. "You need to live more. I invited someone over tonight, by the way."

I groaned aloud this time. "Seriously? Why?"

"My friend Barbie knows this guy that is new to town and she thought it would be good for the two of you to meet. Trust me. It'll be nice. He's bringing cookies."

God, the last thing I wanted was to see some new guy here with cookies. "I've got to work on this script, Mom. I'm really busy."

"Oh, clearly," my mother said, nonplussed. "I can tell by the way you've been sighing over the same three words all night."

I gritted my teeth just as the doorbell rang.

"Get that please, Luna."

"Mom," I hissed. "No!"

"Do it for your mother."

I rubbed my forehead. "Mom, I don't want you to hook me up with anyone on Christmas Eve. Seriously. I'll just go to my room, all right?"

"Not before you answer the door," she called out.

The doorbell rang again.

"Just a moment," my mother shouted, and then nodded at me.

"Mom, pleaaaase." If she was going to treat me like a five year old, I'd act like one. I didn't want this guy. I didn't want anyone but Owen.

"Door," she said, and pointed at it over her shoulder. "Now."

Clenching my jaw against my mother's stubbornness - guess I'd inherited it from her - I went to the front door and flung it open.

Owen stood there, red roses in hand, a plate of Christmas cookies tucked under his arm. A sprig of mistletoe hung above him on the porch.

I screamed and flung my arms around him.

Owen laughed and dropped the flowers on the ground. They fell in a crunch onto the icy porch but I didn't care. His arm wrapped around me and then his mouth was on mine, and we were kissing. My desperate lips clung to him, and I gave a little whimper of joy when I felt his tongue slick into my mouth.

A moment later, the cookies crashed to the ground. Owen's other arm went around my back, and he clung to me. He held me pressed against him as if just as desperate to see me as I was to see him.

We kissed for what felt like hours.

Eventually, my mother cleared her throat from behind us. "Excuse me."

I pulled away from Owen almost sheepishly, wiping at my (deliciously) wet mouth. "Oh. Uh, Owen, this is my Mom. Mom, this is Owen. He's the guy I met."

"I know," she said in a dry voice. "He called a few days ago so we could set this up."

"Your friend Barbie, huh?" I said, staring up into Owen's dreamy eyes. "So you guys were lying to me?"

"Not really lying," Owen said, a wide grin spreading across his gorgeous face. "I told my Mom I wanted to see about opening up a second bakery, and I might have suggested Boston to her. Your mom's friend Barbie owns a storefront that would be perfect for my needs. So...here I am."

My fingers twined in the front of his silly, silly cupcake shirt. "Please tell me you're coming in," I whispered.

"Absolutely." He kissed me again, and then stuck his hand over my shoulder for my mother to shake. "Mrs. Collins, it's nice to finally meet you in person. I'm sorry that the cookies I brought got, uh, trampled."

"That's perfectly okay," she said, and I could have sworn her eyes were damp as she smiled at me. "Merry Christmas, Luna."

"Merry Christmas," I whispered back. God, my mom was awesome.

She shut the door, letting us have our privacy on the porch. I turned back to Owen and dragged his face toward mine, kissing him over and over again. "I can't believe it's you," I said in between lip locks. "I can't believe you're really here. I thought I'd never see you again." A horrible thought occurred to me and I dragged my mouth away from his. "You're here to see me, right?"

He laughed and kissed me back. "Yes. Absolutely. Why else would I come to this place if not for you? It's not because of the delicate way you guys pronounce 'parking lot'."

"You're such an ass," I said as I cuddled him.

"I know, Boston," he said. "Anyhow, I figured I had one last competition in mind for you and I."

"Oh?" The pit of my stomach dropped just a bit. "What did you have in mind?"

"Well," he said, and his hand went to the small of my back as he pulled me against him. "I kinda thought it'd be fun to see which of us says 'I love you' first. I'm totally willing to bet you all the hot water, too."

"You're on," I told him.

Best Christmas ever.

About Jessica Clare

NYT and USA Today Bestselling author Jessica Clare writes under three pen names. As Jessica Clare, she writes erotic contemporary romance. As Jessica Sims, she writes fun, sexy shifter paranormals. As Jill Myles, she writes a little bit of everything, from sexy, comedic urban fantasy to zombie fairy tales. She lives in Texas with her husband, cats, and spends way too much time playing video games. To sign up for Jessica's new release newsletter, go to

Read on for an excerpt from The Expert's Guide to Driving a Man Wild - Coming January 7, 2014.

The Expert's Guide to Driving a Man Wild

Copyright 2013 by Jessica Clare

All rights reserved. No part of this excerpt may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author.

Chapter One

Coming January 7, 2014

BRENNA WHISTLED TO HERSELF AS she left her cabin. She headed to the ATV shed on the far side of the main lodge that served as headquarters for Wilderness Survival Expeditions. She was alone, which meant it was the perfect time for sabotage.

After glancing around to make sure the coast was clear, she closed the doors and clicked on the overhead light, fanning herself. With the doors shut, it was probably a hundred degrees in the damn shed, but she didn't plan on being in there long. Brenna moved to the first ATV-her favorite, the cherry red one-and squatted next to the front tire. She took the cap off the valve stem and then pressed her key into it until she heard the hiss of air. Humming to herself, she let out about half of the air before replacing the cap. Moving to the back tire on the same vehicle, she repeated it.

All done. Beaming to herself, she dusted off her hands and re-opened the shed doors, glancing at the empty parking lot. It was still early in the morning, the birds chirping and a breeze swaying the tall trees in the distance. Her gaze landed on Grant's immaculate Audi gleaming in the parking lot.

A naughty smile curving her mouth, she moved to the hood, popped it, and surveyed the engine. She found the switch casing, opened it, and reviewed the list of switches until she identified the fuel pump switch. With careful fingers, she plucked it out of his car, closed the casing, shut the hood, and tossed the switch into a nearby garbage can.

Some days, she just loved her job.

Recently, their small business had expanded to include Colt's aging father, who everyone called Pop. He mowed the lawns and did repairs, but there wasn't normally enough to keep the man busy. Colt wanted his dad to feel needed, though, so Brenna was tasked with finding stuff to break for Pop to fix. She was great at it, too, though pretty soon she figured he'd be on to her flushing the tampon down the toilet trick. It was time to switch up her game a little, and a bit of vehicle maintenance would do the job just fine. Whistling again, she headed around the front of the main cabin and paused on the front steps.

Two male voices inside were arguing. Huh. She glanced at her watch. Six thirty in the morning. Too early for Pop to be up, or Grant, who was a late sleeper. She tended to get up with the sunrise, just like Colt and Dane. Habit from Alaska for them, she supposed, and habit for her from years of living in the back seat of a car.

Like any good nosy busybody, she pressed her ear to the front door to listen in.

"You can't leave right now." Dane sounded almost betrayed. "What am I supposed to do while you're gone?"

"Same thing you always do. Hold classes. Keep Brenna out of trouble. Keep Grant from killing Brenna."

"But we have classes booked every week for the next three weeks."

"Then we'll go in four weeks."

"But what if we have classes then?"

"Dane, Beth Ann and I are going to have our damn honeymoon, whether or not it fits into your precious schedule. Now you're starting to sound like Grant."

"Fuck off, man. I'm just thinking of the business."

All right, time for her to step in and distract them before things got ugly. Brenna opened the front door and yawned loudly, alerting them to her presence. "Morning, boys."

They both nodded at the sight of her. Dane sat at the wooden desk that he shared with Colt, which was a pretty nice desk when it wasn't covered with magazines, books, old coffee mugs, and various other crap. Colt, naturally, was seated on the couch, staring at the Xbox. And both had stopped talking.

Screw that. She smiled brightly at them. "So what's up? I heard something about a honeymoon?"

"Romeo here wants to abandon us for a few weeks and take his new missus up to Alaska and visit the cabin," Dane said, crossing his arms over his chest. "I told him we had to be responsible adults because of the job."

Colt glared at Dane. "Not my fault you've been roped into a big church wedding, buddy. Don't take it out on me."

Dane rubbed a hand down his face, looking frustrated. "God, don't remind me."

"You can still back out," Colt pointed out.

"No, he can't," Brenna said cheerfully, moving to her chair and curling up cross-legged. "Then Miranda and Beth Ann will never talk to either one of you again."

"Miranda wants a big wedding, so that's what she'll get," Dane said, though he sounded a little weary at the thought. "Who'd have thought I'd end up with the high-maintenance girl?"

Colt snorted.

Dane just smiled that silly, lovesick expression he had on his face every time someone mentioned Miranda.

Brenna put a finger to her mouth and pantomimed gagging. "You two are pathetic."

"You're just jealous," Dane said cheerfully.

"Nope. I just feel sorry for any women who have to put up with you two clowns." She pulled a box of Pop-Tarts out of her desk and sighed when she realized it was empty. "Who was supposed to buy groceries for the lodge?"

"You," Colt said.

"Oh crap. That's right. I forgot." Brenna tossed the box over onto Grant's immaculate desk and shrugged. "Anyone for a donut run?"

Two male hands went up.

"Ok. I'll get my keys." She dug through the messy drawer of her desk until she located her keys, held them aloft, and then bounced out of her chair. "Be back in ten minutes."

"Hey, Bren," Dane called. "Aren't you forgetting something?"

She turned and snapped her fingers. "Right. If Pop asks, one of the four-wheelers looks a little low on two tires. Can you get him to take a look at it?"

"I think he meant your pants," Colt drawled.

She glanced down at her legs. She wore a pair of men's boxer shorts. SpongeBob SquarePants. "What's wrong with my pants?"

"They're missing," Colt pointed out dryly. "Along with your shoes."

She rolled her eyes. "I'm going to the donut store, not the prom. Like I said, I'll be back in five." And she made sure to wiggle her bare feet as she left.

BY THE TIME SHE RETURNED with a box of fresh donuts and a tray of hot coffees, she was disappointed to see that Grant was up. He frowned at the sight of her bare legs and boxer shorts and ratty T-shirt. Hey, at least she'd brushed her hair. She gave him an arch smile as she entered the room, setting the donuts down in front of Colt on the coffee table and snagging a coffee.

"Morning, boss," she said in her sweetest voice, because she knew it would drive Grant crazy. She grabbed a donut and headed back to her desk.

Grant frowned over at her as she sat down. "Don't eat that at your desk, Brenna. You'll get crumbs into your keyboard."

She deliberately took a messy bite of donut, half the food falling out of her mouth and dribbling crumbs all over her desk.

He sighed and turned away, his hands going to the pockets of his slacks as he paced before the fireplace. It was before nine and the man already looked immaculate. Sheesh. She gave him an annoyed look as she ate, noting his dark gray slacks with a pleat pressed into them, the lighter gray sweater he wore over a black collared shirt. Even his hair looked perfect. Tousled, perfectly styled waves that probably wouldn't look that way without a ton of product. He was perfectly shaven, not a hair out of place. And he was frowning as the two other men attacked the donuts as if they hadn't eaten in weeks.

"Have you two looked at the schedule for today?" Grant asked them.

"Schedule?" Dane said in a deliberately blank voice, then scarfed half a donut in one bite. "We have a schedule?"

Colt shrugged.

"I have a schedule today," Grant said. "We have a carpenter coming out to look at the area we've roped off for the paintball course so we can see what needs to be built. I need one of you to be here."

"I can't," Dane said. "Miranda wants to go in to Houston so we can talk to someone about flowers for the wedding."

Colt raised a hand and made a noise that sounded like a whip, but Dane only gave them the same good-natured, lovesick grin.

"So you'll do it, Colt?"

"I can meet with him," Brenna volunteered, putting down her coffee. "Just show me what needs to be done and I can get with the carpenter."

Grant glanced over at her and then turned back to Colt. "So you'll do it, Colt?"

She was tempted to throw her donut at the back of Grant's immaculate head. Jerk.

Colt shrugged. "Fine."

"Good. I have to be at the airport this afternoon to pick up family, otherwise I'd take care of it."

Brenna choked on her coffee. She began to cough, grabbing a wad of napkins and covering her mouth as she struggled to get her breath. Dane came over to her side and began to pound on her back with one of his big meat hook hands, nearly knocking her back off the chair again.

So now was probably not the best time to mention to Grant that she'd sabotaged his car.

Without the fuel pump fuse, it wouldn't start. She'd figured it'd be a lot of fun to see him get all flustered and irritated, and then Pop could spend the afternoon trying to figure out what was wrong with the car. It was two birds with one stone, really. She'd keep Pop busy and annoy Grant at the same time.

Except, well, she hadn't looked at the calendar either. She glanced over at it. Sure enough, it was circled in red and said very clearly, airport.

Oops.

"Something wrong, Brenna?" Grant's frown was directed at her, as if he could sense what she'd done.

She decided to take the heat off her. Between coughs, she said, "I think we should have a company meeting to discuss what we're going to do when Colt leaves for two weeks."

Grant immediately turned his frown to Colt. "You're leaving?"

Colt glared at Brenna. "You suck."

She gave him a thumbs up between coughs. Right back atcha.

"Where are you going?"

Colt leaned back on the couch until he could see Grant's head. "Beth Ann wants a honeymoon and we're low on cash, so I thought I'd take her up to the cabin in Alaska for a few weeks. Just the two of us. She likes alone time."

"But what about classes?"

"Dane can do 'em. This is our slow period anyhow."

"That's why we're setting up the paintball course," Grant said, frowning and moving to snag the last coffee. "So there wouldn't be a slow period. We've already advertised it in all the nearby papers that it's going to be live as of December first. I'm already getting calls about it. I need you here."

"It's paintball," Colt said patiently. "Can't Pop handle it?"

"Pop's already pretty busy," Dane said, earning him a scowl from Colt. "Don't look at me like that. He is always busy. Brenna keeps him hopping."

Colt glanced at Grant. "You going to run it for us, then?"

"My family's in town, so I'm going to be busy with them for the next few weeks." Grant tugged at his collar as if it were too tight. That was impossible. The man probably had his clothes tailored so he could look perfect at all times. Brenna rolled her eyes at the thought and wiped the crumbs off her keyboard. "And Dane's going to want some time off around the holidays, too. It's like we need another set of hands."

"Maybe you should take over some of the classes," Brenna said to Grant.

This time, three sets of eyes turned to glare at her.

Brenna hid her smile behind a look of mock-innocence. "What'd I say?"

Grant shook his head, dismissing her comment. "I'm needed in the office to organize things since my assistant is so very lacking."

She stuck her tongue out at him.

He ignored her and turned back to the two guys. "Do you think Pop can handle an extra workload?"

Dane shrugged. "Why don't we hire another trainer? I'm getting kind of tired of having back-to-back classes. Throw in the paintball and it doesn't sound like we're ever going to get a day off."

"Where are we going to find another survival expert?"

"I'll do it," Brenna volunteered. When they turned to look at her again, she shrugged. "I'm the assistant. Let me assist."

"We need someone with certifications," Grant said, warming up to the subject. He stalked over to Brenna's desk. "Write this down, Brenna. We need someone physically fit, preferably in top condition. Someone who's personable and good with all kinds of people, from kids to businessmen. Someone with a lot of background in survival training. We'd need a list of what classes they've taken and what teaching skills they have. And we'll pay for relocation."

She nodded, and then took another sip of her coffee, watching Grant.

"You could probably put an ad in one of the Outdoor magazines. I-" He stopped and turned back to her. "Are you writing this down?"

She fluttered her eyelashes at him. "Oh, did you say to write this down? I must not have heard that."

"Write it down," he said between clenched teeth.

She took out a green notepad from under a pile of papers and wrote notes. "Young. Hot. Certifiable. Outdoorsy."

"Maybe we should look for a new assistant, too," he said in an unpleasant voice.

"Time for a vote," Brenna said, ignoring Grant's tone. "All those in favor of hiring someone new for classes, raise your hand."

All three men's hands went up.

"All those in favor of firing Brenna?"

Only Grant's hand went up.

She stuck her lower lip out at him, mock pouting. "Sorry, Grant. You lose."

"I'm the one who writes the checks here," he said in an annoyed tone, moving back to his desk.

She shrugged and glanced back at Dane and Colt. They were her yardstick that she went by. If they were frowning, she'd gone too far. If they were laughing and smirking, she was just giving him crap like one of the boys, and it was tolerable. And both were still grinning with amusement.

Good enough for her. She wiped the crumbs off her desk and then moved to go grab one of the few remaining donuts. "I'll go wake up Pop and tell him that breakfast is here." As she walked to the door, she added, "He's going to be so upset, though, once he finds out that Grant drank his coffee."

As she shut the door behind her, she heard Grant protest. "How was I supposed to know it was his drink? She only bought four damn coffees!"

Brenna grinned to herself. Whistling, she skipped over to Pop's cabin.

#

Later that afternoon, she found herself working alone in the main cabin with Grant. This was normally enough to make Brenna want to run screaming for the hills. Or better yet, to find a task-any task-that would get her out of the building and away from his nitpicking. You're doing this all wrong, Brenna, he would say. You need to catalog the receipts in date order, and then alphabetically. You can't just throw them all into a big pile.

She made a face just thinking about that. Nothing she ever did pleased him and his anal-retentive ways.

"Do you have the flight info?" he asked her for the third time that day.

Resisting the urge to roll her eyes, Brenna glanced over at him and kept her voice neatly controlled. "For the third time, yes. I printed them out and put the arrival and gate information on your desk."

"Thank you."

"Do you want me to print it out again?" She gave him an innocent look. "You know, just in case one copy isn't enough?"

Behind his designer glasses, Grant gave her a sharp, narrow-eyed look. "One is fine. Thank you."

She nodded and went back to emailing one of her friends. Email was really her best friend when she was at work. It made it look like she was busy and if she was busy, then Grant would leave her alone. Theoretically.

He sighed heavily. "I'm sorry, Brenna."

She froze. That did not sound like Grant. Glancing over, Brenna kept the frown off her face and managed to look only mildly concerned. "Sorry?"

Grant took off his glasses and ran a hand down his face. "I know I keep asking you for the same information over and over again. I'm just a little ... out of sorts with family coming in to town."

"Oh," she said, and then added, "no sweat."

Okay, he was officially weirding her out. Grant never apologized to her. Like, ever. She typed a moment longer, then fired off the email.

"You put in the ad for the new instructor?"

She nodded and lifted a piece of paper without looking over at him. "Do you want to review it again?"

"Huh? Oh. No, that's okay." He lifted the picture on the corner of his desk and then sighed heavily. "Are you going to get dressed at any point today?"

This was more like Grant. She felt a little better. Brenna glanced down at her T-shirt and SpongeBob boxers. "I'm pretty sure all my body parts are covered. Did we get a dress code that I didn't know about?"

"No. It's just that my family's coming in."

"Should I hide under my desk so I don't appall them with my hideousness?"

"Very funny. No, just straighten up while I'm gone, please." He grabbed a stack of envelopes and began to arrange them into a neat pile. "Make sure the magazines are all lined up and if you could dust, that would be terrific."

"Oh wow." Brenna mockingly touched her shirt. "I didn't realize I dressed up as the maid today."

"Very funny. You're an assistant. You occasionally will have to do some sort of work. Today it just means cleaning up." He ran a finger along the fireplace mantel. "And dusting."

She saluted him. "Whatever you say, boss."

He gave her an exasperated look as he headed back to his desk. Grant picked up his keys and paused, glancing around the main lodge. "You think they'll be proud of what we've accomplished here?"

"Why are you asking me?"

A wry expression twisted Grant's mouth. "Good point. Like I said, it's just nerves."

She stared at him. He'd almost just smiled at her. "You feeling okay?"

"Yeah." He ran a hand down his face again and tugged at his collar once more. He was clearly nervous. "Just a bit distracted."

"You'll be fine once you see them," Brenna said, and then almost bit her tongue. Why was she trying to soothe him? "Shouldn't you be going soon?"

He nodded and turned to the door, then turned back to her again. "I don't suppose you can get rid of the purple in your bangs?"

Her purple Bettie Page bangs? She loved them. Brenna glared and pointed at the door. "Go."

Grant nodded. "Sorry. I shouldn't have asked. They look nice."

As she sat there at her desk, mouth hanging open, Grant turned and headed outside just as Dane bounded through the door, coming inside. The big athlete shook rain from his hair, grinning cheerfully. "Looks like it's going to be a downpour soon."

Brenna ran to him, dragging him away from the front door and to the back of the main office. "What's up with Grant?"

Dane looked confused. "What do you mean?"

"He's being weird," she hissed. "He apologized to me earlier. Twice. And he seemed nervous. And when he was leaving, he complimented me on my hair."

"Huh." Dane looked just as surprised as she was for a moment there. "Your hair's cute, Bren. In a Suicide Girls sort of way, that is. Kinda not Grant's thing, though."

Well, that stung, and she didn't even know why it bothered her. "I could care less if I'm Grant's kind of thing," she said, irritated. "What's eating him?"

Dane shrugged, then moved to the swag counter, pulling one of the complimentary shirts off a stack and switching it out with his damp one. "Oh, that. He's probably just has his feathers ruffled because of his parents visiting. He hasn't seen them in two years."

"Aren't they rich? What's the matter with them? They don't like flying or something?"

"Yeah, but it's more like Grant avoids them. They always ask him about the wife."

"The wife?" Brenna thought for a moment. "You mean, his dead wife?"

"Yeah." Dane ripped the tags off the new shirt and tugged it down over his muscular chest. "His dad's convinced he's wasting away from missing her, and his mom's convinced that all he needs is someone new in his life to make him forget her. When Mama Markham shows up to visit, she constantly throws women in his direction, trying to set him up. It drives Grant crazy."

Brenna thought for a moment. She'd been working with the Expeditions group ever since they opened, and though it had only been a few months, she couldn't think of a single, solitary time that Grant had gone out on a date. For that matter, he never seemed to get many personal calls, either. It was all work for him.

For some reason, that made her sad, and she felt a twinge of pity. "How long ago did his wife die?"

"Five years ago."

"Five years!" That was a really long mourning period. He must have been positively flattened by her death. Poor guy.

"Yeah." Dane's face was grim. "I wasn't here at the time but I knew Heather. She and Grant were high school sweethearts. From what I heard, it was pretty bad and Grant was devastated as hell. He's probably not ready to move on, but his mom won't let up. She thinks he'll never jump back into the waters unless she gives him a little push."

She chewed on her lip. "Parents are kind of jerks like that." Poor Grant. No wonder he was so flustered at the thought of his parents arriving. A memory flashed through Brenna's mind and she went to Grant's desk. She'd recalled seeing a picture there, but thought it was a sister or a friend-or girlfriend. But no, it was a photo of a pretty, perfect blonde posing on skis. It must have been his dead wife. "His parents should just leave him alone."

"They're family. Family never leaves anyone alone."

She kind of disliked them already. Sure, Grant was an uptight douche, but he was her uptight douche to harass and annoy. She didn't want to feel sorry for the guy. Ugh. What was next? Getting all hot and bothered because he liked her hair? Please.

The front door opened and Grant came in, keys in hand, glasses speckled with rain. His perfect hair was soaked and his shoulders were wet from big, splashing drops of water.

"My car won't start." He sighed, and then threw the keys down on the nearest table. "Un-f**king-believable."

Brenna winced. "Yeah, about that ..."

Grant turned to her, his jaw clenching. "What?"

She shrugged. "I might have disabled the fuel pump switch so Pop could have something to work on this afternoon."

He looked like he was ready to reach across the desk and choke her. Well, that was an improvement at least. This Grant she knew how to handle. "Brenna," he said, his tone warning. "Give me the switch."

"I might have thrown it away."

"Brenna."

"What? Like I knew you were going to the airport."

"It was on the calendar, damn it!"

She spread her hands. "Sorry. You can take my car. I don't know how much gas it has, though. I pretty much only go to the station when the little red light comes on."

He stared at her.

"Oh, and if it chokes when it turns over, you have to pump the brakes a few times. It's a little persnickety."

He continued to stare. Dane ran a hand over his mouth, a sure sign he was trying to smother a laugh.

"And actually, while I think about it, the tags might be expired, but they never really pull you over for that sort of thing anyhow-"

She broke off when Grant pointed at her.

"You're driving."

Brenna pointed at her chest. "Me?"

"Yes, you. You are driving me to the airport. Call the carpenter and reschedule for another day. Get an umbrella." He looked her up and down, and then added, "And put on some damn pants."

TWO HOURS LATER, BRENNA WAS in jeans, the car was pulling into the airport parking lot, and she was ready to boot Grant out of the car the next time he made a crack about her 1992 Sunfire.

"We're here," she said in a falsely cheerful voice, pulling up to the first available spot. "You can get out now."

"I don't know if I'll be able to," he said in a low, almost pleasant voice, glancing over at her. "I might be stuck to the gum on the seat."

"Nonsense," she told him. "I throw all my gum on the floorboards."

To her immense gratification, he lifted one of his expensive leather shoes and grimaced. "Lovely."

"Isn't it? Now come on. I can't believe I'm the one telling you this, but you're going to be late for their flight."

They got out of Brenna's car and didn't speak as they entered the airport, searching for the correct gate. There were dozens of people already milling around the baggage claim, and none of them had the same sour look that Grant did, so she didn't know if his family were here or not.

"The next time you decide to disable my car, do me a favor and check with me first." Grant moved to her side and touched her elbow as he spoke in a low voice, through clearly gritted teeth. He was pissed.

"Oh come on. What fun would that be?" She shrugged out of his grip and put her hands on her hips, glancing around. "I don't see them anywhere."

"Don't change the subject, Brenna." He stepped in front of her, wearing his best It's Time for a Lecture face. "I don't relish the thought of driving my family back to town in that rust bucket that you call a vehicle. When was the last time you had it washed? Or detailed? There's an inch of dust on the dashboard."

Picky, picky. "Your family won't care. They're probably nice people who won't comment on something like that."

He snorted. "You don't know anything about my family. For all you know, they could be a homely pair of Siamese twins."

She smiled sweetly. "Well, that explains where you got your looks."

Grant looked ready to choke her. "Brenna, I-"

"Grant?"

They both turned at the sound of the voice. A trio of adults stood nearby, suitcases in hand. Their faces were lit with smiles at the sight of him-his family. A woman with a smooth gray bob and dangling earrings stepped forward. "Grant, honey! It's so good to see you." Her voice was sweet and cultured, and she set down her suitcase handle, opening her arms for a hug.

Grant obediently moved forward, hugging the members of his family, and Brenna observed them. His mother was tall and slender, and she wore a coral jacket and matching skirt, and low beige heels. An elephant brooch was pinned to her breast. She looked more like she was heading for lunch at the country club than visiting family. To her right was Grant's father, an equally gray-haired man in a dark sweater and slacks that could have been plucked from Grant's cabinet. Standing behind them was a shorter young woman with a curvy frame and long, incredibly straight light brown hair that hung in her face. She might have been pretty if she didn't seem so darn shy. Grant hugged her, too, so Brenna guessed she was a sister or a cousin or something.

"It's so good to see you guys," Grant said, smiling at each person in turn.

Grant's mother's gaze went to Brenna, and she gave her a questioning look. Brenna wiggled her fingers in response, acknowledging the woman's stare.

"Grant, sweetheart," his mother said in a curious voice. "You haven't introduced us to your friend."

"I'm Brenna, his assistant," Brenna said in a cheerful voice, sticking her hand out. "Grant asked me to drive today. He was having car trouble and I was just hanging around, so I got the honor."

"I see," Grant's mother said in a curious voice. "I'm Justine Markham. This is my husband, Reggie, and this is our daughter, Elise."

No one took Brenna's hand. She turned it into a friendly wave. "Nice to meet all of you."

Elise smiled at her. She could have been Brenna's age. Well, that would be fun. She'd take Elise out drinking and get all the good gossip about Grant from her. This could be interesting after all. Brenna rubbed her hands together. "Should we get your suitcases and head back to the car, then? We've got a fair drive back to Bluebonnet."

"The car's a bit small," Grant told them, picking up the handle to his mother's suitcase and then grabbing Elise's tote. Brenna picked up Elise's other bag, just to help out. "I hope you don't mind."

"Not at all," his father said easily. "We appreciate you coming to get us."

"You could always rent a car," Brenna pointed out.

"Nonsense," Reggie said. "Grant has a lovely car and depending on him for a ride means that we'll get to spend that much time together."

Yeah, about that ... Brenna thought, but said nothing. She just kept smiling.

"How are things with the business?" Elise asked.

"Things are great," Grant said enthusiastically. "We're really on track to have a good year, and we're making a name for ourselves. We get inquiries about classes every day."

They chatted a bit about the business as they walked across the parking lot to Brenna's car. Justine and Reggie didn't look thrilled, but a smile quirked Elise's mouth at the sight of the car, which made Brenna like her all the more. Grant popped the trunk and grimaced at the sight of the jumper cables laying scattered across the back, along with a pair of grubby sneakers.

"Oh, those are just junk," Brenna said, grabbing the shoes and tossing them under a nearby car. "All better now."

Grant gave her his favorite disapproving look and then began to heft suitcases into her car's small trunk while the others stood around.

"So," Justine said after a long moment. "How are you doing, Grant? How's the social life? You keeping busy? Getting out?"

He gave Elise's bag a shove, trying to make it fit into the small trunk. It wasn't working, so he paused, sighed at the stack of suitcases, and turned back to the others. "What do you mean, Mom?"

Justine exchanged a look with Reggie. "I was just asking, darling. We worry about you and how alone you are."

The look on Grant's face became shuttered. "I'm fine."

Yowch. His tone had gone positively arctic. Dane had been right-he sure was touchy about this sort of thing. Elise gave Brenna a quick, apologetic look.

"But darling, you need to get back on the horse. Get out and see new people again. You're too young to be spending your life a widower. I know it's hard but you can't go through life moping."

Grant glanced over at Brenna as if chagrined that the conversation was taking place in front of her. "Now is not the time, Mother."

"I've invited Bonnie's daughter to dinner with us, son. I wanted to let you know before we all got to the restaurant."

Wow, that was bold of the woman. Brenna had to give her props for being on the ball ... if it wasn't such a dick move to pull on Grant. He needed time and space, something his mother clearly didn't understand. Brenna felt oddly protective of Grant in that moment. It was clear that he was still wounded from his wife's death.

"You invited her to dinner?"

"It's just a little hello, son. Nothing to get all worked up about," Reggie interjected, taking his wife's side. "We both think it'd be good for you."

"Mother." Grant's tone was a warning.

Justine ignored it. "She's a lovely girl. I think you'll like her. And she's a marketing major, so you'll have so much to talk about. She's very pretty and career driven and very understanding." His mother stressed the last word. "She won't rush you."

That was really a low blow. Outraged, Brenna pushed forward. This was rude and cruel and thoughtless of them. And if someone was going to be thoughtless and obnoxious to Grant, it was going to be her, damn it. She was never cruel, at least.

"Don't," Elise told her in a soft voice as Brenna pushed forward. "They always do this."

"Not today," Brenna said cheerfully.

She stepped between Grant and his parents. "You can't invite this chick to dinner tonight."

"Brenna," Grant said, now turning the warning voice on her.

Justine regarded Brenna for a long moment as if sizing her up, and then smiled. "I'm afraid it's too late, my dear. She's already been invited to dinner."

"Then uninvite her," Brenna retorted. "Having her there is rude."

Elise covered her mouth, her gaze flicking to Justine.

"Uninviting her is even ruder," Grant's mother replied, the smile on her face still. Her voice had gone a little brittle, as if remaining polite were testing her patience.

Now Brenna was getting angry. Grant put a hand on her shoulder, trying to pull her backward and separate her from his parents. Why was he defending them when they were harassing him? An idea struck, and she gave Justine a little smile. "I guess this ruins the surprise, then."

"Surprise?" Reggie asked.

Brenna turned and put her hands on Grant's collar, tugging him down and kissing him full on the mouth. She turned back to Justine, Reggie, and Elise. "Grant didn't want to tell you guys until after dinner. He likes to keep people guessing."

"He does?" Elise asked, clearly shocked as her gaze flipped between Brenna and Grant and then back to Brenna.

She glanced up at Grant, but he was still standing there, his mouth slightly agape, staring down at her. She leaned up and bit his lower lip, tugging on it in a sensual move of ownership. "So shy. It's adorable." She looked over at Justine and smiled again, this time a genuine smile since she now had the upper hand. "That's why you can't invite this girl. She's just going to see me and my boo being affectionate all night."

And just to make her words have punch, Brenna gave Grant a slap on the ass.

Undressed

by

Jen Frederick

To Jess and DS

Thanks for being such amazing friends and holding my hand this year.

ONE

Noah

"YOU'RE MAKING A BIG MISTAKE." My trainer Paulie Generoli had been repeating this sentence since the moment I walked in the door at five in the morning. It was now seven, and my patience had just about run out.

"I never would've guessed." I rolled my head on my neck and reminded myself that nothing I did ever really satisfied Paulie. It was why we made a good team. He pushed me hard. And I pushed back. I was actually surprised that he kept repeating himself-he had to know by now that I wasn't going to change my mind. "I told you. This is the first Christmas I've been able to spend with Grace. No matter what you say, I'm going."

"Randolph, tell your f**king friend to get his f**king head out of his ass and to stop making decisions with his f**king dick," Paulie roared.

Bo Randolph, my best friend for over a decade and my former Marine battle buddy, looked at me with a comical expression of helplessness. He didn't want to gainsay Paulie because Paulie was always on the verge of kicking Bo out for being too aggressive during sparring matches. Bo held up his hands in a classic gesture of surrender. "I'm Switzerland."

Being neutral wasn't enough for Paulie. "Get out then, you worthless fuckhead."

Paulie's verbal abuse was pretty much all bark, no bite, but the grin Bo and I exchanged only served to ratchet up Paulie's temper.

"You think this is funny?" Paulie yelled. His voice was reaching dangerous decibels and his face was redder than the Everlast boxing gloves that were pinned up around Spartan Gym.

"It'll be better for you both if you just give it up, Paulie. You know Noah. He's not going to change his mind." Bo dispatched this last piece of wisdom before gathering his hand wraps and towel and heading for the locker room for one of the cold showers so graciously allowed by Paulie.

Spartan Gym was known for its no-frills workouts and the lack of heated water in the bathroom was just one of the things that Paulie thought made this a real gym as opposed to one where people went to show off.

He was kidding himself, though. There were plenty of show offs in the Spartan Gym, but no one was angling for a date. Instead, inside the painted brick walls there was a constant battle to prove whose dick was biggest.

It was mine, of course.

The winners of this contest were those who could take the most knocks without crying mercy. Bo and I ruled this gym, but I was the king, especially having just come off winning my first professional MMA fight over Thanksgiving. Grace and I hadn't been talking then, and I was damned if I was going to let another holiday go by without spending it together.

I'd endured too many years apart from Grace Sullivan. She'd shown more patience than any other girl in her right mind would've, and I'd almost lost her more than once through my own stupidity. I couldn't keep taking advantage of her willingness to forgive me. This holiday, I had special plans-and they required us to be physically together.

"You have a goddamn fight on New Year's Eve!" Paulie yelled at me.

"I'm standing right in front of you," I said slowly. His endless screaming was firing up my own anger. "No need to yell."

"I'm f**king yelling because you have no goddamn idea how to f**king prepare for the biggest motherf**king fight of your pathetic f**king life."

I almost punched him then. Stepping in close so that the only thing in Paulie's field of vision was me, I leaned over him, my sweat probably dripping onto his bald head. "I've worked with you for more than seven months now, but if you don't let it go, this New Year's bout will be the last one we fight together."

I didn't wait for a response. I spun on my heel and followed Bo into the locker room.

"You think this is a mistake?" I asked Bo after we'd taken our ice-cold showers. The water temperature kept the showering time to a minimum, which required a carefully coordinated system of getting wet, soaping up, and rinsing off that took, at the most, three minutes. Any longer and my balls would crawl up my leg and try to hide themselves in my body.

Bo gave a shrug and tossed his barely wet towel onto the metal bench. Still dripping with water, Bo began throwing on his clothes. It was just that cold in here. "Can't say. You're dedicated. You know what you want, and I get that it's important for you to see Grace. So if you don't see Grace, your head might be in the wrong place. And that's worse than missing a week of training."

"I'm not missing a week of training," I insisted. This was a sore point for me. Yes, I had a fight on New Year's Eve and yes, I was going to spend three days with Grace over Christmas. But I was going to be working out during that time, and then I'd be back in Paulie's hands the day after Christmas.

"It's three days." Fisting the towel in my hand, I said, "You know how important it is for me to get this prize money. And the win means sponsors, which means more income from fighting."

Bo clapped me on the shoulder as he walked toward the locker room door. "Then you're golden. Don't sweat it. I'll go distract Paulie for you."

Alone in the locker room, I slumped on the bench with the towel wrapped around my waist. The cold water was beading up against my skin, but I barely noticed. I knew Grace wouldn't mind if I didn't come home. Hell, her brother was in a bowl game and he wasn't coming home except for a couple of days before Christmas. In fact, we'd be driving from Las Vegas to Tempe, Arizona early the next morning after the fight so we could make Josh's game.

I knew Grace would tell me that I should do whatever was best for my career, but between finishing classes, fighting, and running my own little business, I didn't have much time for her. Part of me, a big part, wondered how long Grace was going to stick around while her boyfriend's attention was scattered on everything besides her.

I carved out a few hours in each afternoon for her and the nights were all hers, but when I got up at five in the morning to run and train before classes, I was falling asleep before midnight. This was a time for Grace to party and have fun, and I was holding her back.

But if I didn't pursue all these avenues, I'd never have the money to make all the things happen that I wanted to happen. Grace came from money. When I was on leave from one of my last deployments before separating from the Marines, I'd gone to Grace's home. I flew into Chicago and drove the hour up the North Shore in my rented SUV. I was too cheap to spring for an upgrade on my own, but the counter person had given me a freebie when she saw my military ID.

When I arrived at Grace's address, I couldn't view the house itself because her driveway, which was behind a friggin' gate, was too long for me to see anything but acres of carefully tended grass and trees. The lawn looked like it belonged in front of museum or a hotel. I'd sat in the truck, staring at the house number etched on a brick post at the edge of the drive. It was the same number that had been on all the return address labels of the care packages and letters Grace had sent to me since she was fourteen. And no matter how long I had stared at it, it never changed.

I'd known then and there that Grace and I weren't ever going to be anything more than pen pals. I was some trailer trash from a town in West Texas so tiny it could've fit into the entire lawn of one of these North Shore homes. While there were guys from all backgrounds that were in the Marines with me, including officers who'd graduated from Harvard, of all the f**king places, we were bound together by the same oaths and goals. We shit in the same dirt and ate the same awful MRE out on patrol. We carried the same rucksacks and suffered the same problems. Girls who cheated on you back home, parents who cried every time you skyped them, not having an ounce of privacy.

But Grace and I didn't have a thing in common-other than we both resorted to talking about the weather when we were uncomfortable-and I sure as shit knew that wasn't something you could base a relationship on.

After sitting outside for what had seemed like an hour but was actually only about twenty minutes, I turned and went straight back to the airport. Once there, I'd paid the change fee to get a flight back to San Diego that same day. During the long wait, I'd penned a letter to Grace where I explained we were two different people from two different backgrounds with different futures. It was the last letter I sent to her, and I never got a reply back. My message had been all too clear.

The last few months of deployment were excruciating. I got two more care packages that Grace must have mailed out before my last letter had reached her. One of them included a picture of her looking so sweet and gorgeous that everything from my teeth to my groin ached. I gave everything in the boxes away but the picture and then tormented myself by reading those last two letters of hers over and over again. The what ifs began to haunt me. I became a restless, surly son of a bitch and no one wanted to be around me. Only Bo had stuck by me because well, hell, I don't even know why. Somewhere in the desert, I figured out that if I could last out four tours of combat, I could do anything-including becoming what Grace needed.

It had never really registered that Grace had fallen for me, an enlisted Marine, without more than two pennies to scrub together when I entered at age seventeen. I still had a hard time comprehending it. Sometimes, when she was lying next to me at night, I'd stroke her arm or leg, not with any sexual meaning-okay, not with a primary sexual intent-just to remind myself that the reality was that Grace was still with me despite my blow off, despite my two-year silence, despite my lack of funds. But I wondered when she'd wake up to the realization that there was someone better out there for her.

AFTER DRESSING, I DROPPED OFF my finance project at Professor Billing's office. It was an independent project where I was to conduct a feasibility study on the best franchise to purchase in the metro. I figured I'd get my three credit A because I'd not only finished the study but I'd bought an actual franchise.

The self-serve yogurt shop I'd purchased from an elderly Asian man, who'd wanted to move to Denver to be closer to his family, had low running costs. The most expensive part of the business was the labor. But because it required only a couple of high school students to run the register and make sure that all the yogurt and fixings were available, even the wages part of the expense column was manageable. I figured that with the profits from this one shop, I'd be able to open two more before the next semester was out, and then I'd move on to more expensive and more profitable ventures.

This project was really just a way for me to understand how to make money at something other than fighting.

On the upside of his thirties, Professor Billings liked to shoot the shit with me about my professional mixed martial art fighting career and the time I spent over in Iraq and then Afghanistan.

Billings claimed to have served himself, but I didn't see how that was possible. He would have been too young to have made it through college and grad school and the military unless he had an early discharge due to a medical condition or something. But I never asked because poser or not, at the end of the day he was still responsible for my grade, and I didn't need to piss him off by suggesting that his story about being military reeked. Even if his company chafed from time to time, he was my advisor, and I needed to make him happy.

Learning how to make people in charge happy was actually one of the things the Corps had taught me. Every officer had their own quirks, and learning what buttons to push to ensure that the rest of the enlisted who served with you didn't have to suffer was worthwhile.

As long as I wasn't emotionally involved with them, I could actually read people pretty well. But once my heart was part of the equation, all bets were off. I couldn't always tell what Grace was thinking. Everyone said she was easy to read-that all of her emotions flitted across her face like an open book. But I was too blinded by my fear that she would leave me to separate out my projections from her true feelings. And recently, she seemed to be hiding from me. That made me extra tense.

Rolling my shoulders, I tried to release some of the tension that I'd tried to work out this morning at the gym. I had to keep up my grades to keep my scholarship and continue to get funds from the GI Bill. I had to win this upcoming Vegas match so that I could get more sponsors. I had to find a decent manager so that my little franchise would actually generate enough money to turn a big profit. I had to keep down my bile at the thought of crossing through the gates of the Sullivan family mansion. An irrational fear lurked in the back of my mind: that when I crossed over onto the hotel-like lawn, floodlights would shine down and dogs would attack me and sirens would sound off, repeating one word, "Fraud. Fraud. Fraud."

Until I had enough money, I'd always feel like Grace could do better than me. Inhaling deeply, I shoved everything out of my mind except for Professor Billings and my independent study. One task at a time. One step at a time. That's how I'd survived twenty mile marches in the sand, just reminding myself it was one step at a time.

The door to Professor Billings' office was open, but I knocked anyway. Showing deference was one way to prop up the egos of self-important people.

"Come on in, Mr. Jackson," Professor Billings called out. He didn't stand as I walked in, ensuring that we both knew who held the power in this room. "And shut the door behind you."

I complied and then dug out my study portfolio and set it on my side of the desk as I situated myself in the chair that sat in front of it. Billings hadn't offered a chair, but I took one anyway.

With people like Billings, you had to walk the knife's edge of assertiveness and obeisance. Too little assertiveness and Billings would have no respect for me. He'd give me a poor grade just for appearing weak. Too little obeisance and Billings would feel threatened, and again, his punishment would be a bad grade. No matter how stellar your work, a guy like Billings lacked the self-confidence to grade on the project alone. How much he liked you or thought you liked him would weigh just as heavily as your actual work.

"That your independent project?" Billings tipped his head toward the bound paper portfolio I still had my hand resting on. We both knew it was. Another dick power move from Billings.

"Yes, sir," I responded promptly and then slid it over to his side of the desk. I sat back and placed my hands on my outstretched legs, feet planted shoulder width apart. My stance conveyed that I was confident in my project, but Billings made no move to take it. Instead, he leaned forward, steepling his fingers together as he rested his elbows on the desk. Interesting. He was fidgeting.

"You familiar with TempChat?" He said finally, after a few moments of indecisive silence. Indecisive on his part. I sat without fidgeting, outwardly relaxed. Inwardly I was alert and ready for an attack.

"I've heard of it, but I don't use it, I said. Tempchat was a popular social media platform for mobile devices that allowed users to exchange private messages that deleted themselves after they were read. The temporal nature of the social media platform allowed for a lot of activity that wouldn't take place on a public site. I'd heard of everything from guys and girls exchanging nude selfies to drug deals and prostitution taking place on the service.

"What if I told you that TempChat was going public in a few months?" Billings was overly animated. The pulse in his neck was bouncing against his skin and there was a slight flush creeping up his neck. I tried to guess the source of his excitement.

"And you have the opportunity to buy in before the public offering?"

Billings grinned and pointed his finger at me. "Exactly. You are so goddamned smart, Jackson. That's why we make a good team."

I had exert conscious effort in order to suppress my surprise at Billings' declaration that we were a team. He was my professor-my advisor-and I was the student. That wasn't much of a team dynamic. Billings was unconcerned by my silence. Leaning farther over the desk, so far that his body was practically horizontal to the wooden surface, Billings crowed, "Do you know how much an individual stock share will be after the IPO?"

I hazarded a guess but undervalued it, knowing that this would provide Billings the opportunity to spout off his knowledge of the market. "The last valuation of TempChat was in the billions when Facebook tried to buy it, so close to two-hundred dollars or so?"

Billings sat back hard, the chair's metal pieces clinking against each other, and he flung his hand at me. "That's a gross undervaluation. Twitter stock started at twenty-six dollars and then ended at forty-four on the closing day. Facebook. Heck, when UPS went public, everyone from the mailroom to the boardroom made millions."

Millions. A kernel of envy rose inside of me. The problem with being poor wasn't that you couldn't work hard and make money but that these types of ventures were out of reach for you. A person who could buy a few thousand shares pre-public offering could stand to make a killing, but the only people that got offered that opportunity were investment bankers, venture capitalists, and people who had a lot of money already.

I could take my savings, sell my franchise, and offer up all my winnings, and Grace and I would be set for life if I had this opportunity. I'd be able to buy a house on the North Shore that'd make her uncle's house look like a shack. I'd be able to walk into any store or restaurant and people would know instantly that I was someone of worth just by the cut of my clothes and the leather of my shoes.

I'd never be the poor kid from the west side of town whose mother was dead and whose father drank his food stamps. My stomach cramped as that kernel of envy grew, wrapping its green vines around my innards and squeezing.

Billings leaned back in his chair, oblivious to the dark beanstalk that he'd planted inside me. No, that was unfair. He hadn't planted it. The dark bean of envy and want had been planted when I was born. All my life I've been battling it. His words were just feeding it.

"Millions, Mr. Jackson," he murmured, almost to himself. He rolled his head toward the window so that I couldn't see his eyes. "Most of the time, opportunities to buy in at this level, to help fund the capital of the public offering, aren't offered to peons like us, Jackson. They are for the people who already fly private jets and who are building rocket ships for fun."

"Most of the time," Billings had said. What was he hinting at? "Most of the time, sir?"

My response was apparently what Billings had been waiting for. He turned around, facing me full on. His eyes were glittering and the flush had spread across his entire face. "Yes, Mr. Jackson. Most of the time. What if I told you that I had an opportunity to buy some shares of pre-IPO stock?"

"That's tremendous," I said evenly, despite the green vines of envy threatening to choke my blood supply.

"You need money to buy in, and unfortunately I don't have all the funds that I need." Billings tapped his hands on his desk in restless agitation. I waited for him to continue. "I've had a little run of bad luck with my finances. I won't bore you with it, but suffice it to say I don't really have the ready cash to buy in at the level I'm required to, and banks don't lend money for investment purposes like this."

Clarity rushed in like a cool breeze, chasing away the envy and bringing in a good dose of trepidation. What Billings' finances had to do with me, I wasn't sure, but I knew it couldn't be good.

"You're fighting on New Year's, right?"

"Yes, I'm winning on New Year's," I responded a bit cockily, but I felt the ground underneath me was shifting and needed to exert myself a bit.

"I looked up the odds on your fight. You're the favorite." Billings looked me up and down like I was some kind of merchandise he was evaluating.

Immediately, I knew what he was suggesting. He wanted to bet against me and have me throw the fight. Standing up, I grabbed my pack. "Congratulations on getting the opportunity to buy into TempChat. That's pretty awesome. Take a look at my work. I think you'll be pleased at the thoroughness of the feasibility study. The shop I purchased is making a decent profit, and I hope to open at least two more in the next six months, one down here by Central." I shouldered the pack and stood by the chair, ready for my dismissal. I wasn't throwing any goddamned fight so that this yahoo could make millions. Maybe I was ruining my grade here, but f**k me. If he thought I was some stooge, he had another thing coming.

"What if I told you that I'd offer you a percentage of those shares?"

"Sir?" Against my will, I stayed and listened to Billings' offer.

"You help me get my money for the buy in, and I'll let you have ten percent. The money you make from that will make your little shop look like pocket change." He gestured rudely toward the independent project that I'd spent hours on.

"I don't think I can help you," I said. I wanted to make money, but I wasn't going to sell my soul for it. I did not throw fights, ever. I wasn't even sure I could throw one. Once I got inside the Octagon, every instinct inside of me roared to dominate, and my body didn't quit until it sensed submission. I turned on my heel and walked toward the door. When my hand was on the doorknob, Professor Billings' voice stopped me.

"Your GI Bill requires you to have a passing grade, correct?"

"Yes," I responded warily.

"In fact, I read that you had to pay back money if you failed?" Billings' voice was full of disdain now, his true feelings for my scholarship status showing through. Central College was filled mostly with rich kids. Kids like Grace whose family came from money already. The ones who were invited to participate in capital projects for start-ups that netted them even more millions.

"That's right." I bit my cheek to prevent myself from turning and yelling at Billings.

If I could crumple metal, the door knob would be in pieces. As it was, I'd probably have the imprint of the ball in my palm for days.

"This company may be bought before it goes public. Once it does, the stock prices will shoot through the roof. You'll earn millions. Be a shame you didn't pass this class then. It might even affect your scholarship status."

"I can't see how I wouldn't pass, I shot back. "The independent project required me to determine what would be the most viable franchise in the city. I chose a high-margin, low-personnel business in a high-traffic area. The profits from that space per square foot are higher than every franchise in a ten-mile radius."

I tasted blood in my mouth, and I took a minute to lick the wound and swallow the blood. "It's already making money, and it has been since I bought it." Then, almost recklessly, I charged ahead. "I can't imagine not receiving a passing grade for this project, and if I did, I'd have to consult with the dean about the fairness of my grade."

Dr. Billings laughed at me, one part nervous, one part mocking. "I know you aren't averse to getting your hands dirty...literally. All your previous fighting wasn't on the up and up. Don't think I don't know how you funded the purchase of your little project."

"I'm not interested," I told him flatly, but in truth my heart was pounding hard.

I heard the scrape of a chair as Billings stood. I turned to face him. His face wasn't just flushed now, it was red. "You are a goddamned redneck charity case. Your kind doesn't belong here, and the dean would agree with me. We take on shit-ass war mongers like you to allow the administration to preen about its devotion to veterans, but the truth is that not one of us can stand you and your kind."

It was one thing to insult me and entirely another to insult the Corps and the men I served with, the men who died for this f**kstick. "You're lucky that me and my kind are willing to die so that you can gamble away your cash and still have an opportunity to make money in a stock market that is supported by the sweat and blood of my brothers," I seethed.

Billings wisely stood behind his desk. The physical barrier wouldn't be too difficult for me to cross, but it served as a reminder that I couldn't strike this person, although every nerve in my body wanted to. I held my clenched fists against my side rigidly in hopes that my self-control would hold and I wouldn't spring across the room and end him.

"You think about this, Noah Jackson," Billings spat at me. "I'm offering you an opportunity of a lifetime. Throw one little fight, and you'll be a millionaire. It'll be your only opportunity to sit with your little Central College friends and feel like you belong. Otherwise, you'll always be the dirty kid from the wrong side of the tracks looking up at everyone else. It's not like you haven't been willing to do illegal things for money before."

I didn't give Billings the satisfaction of a response. Instead, I turned and left without another word. But his parting insults pounded in my head. I had fought illegally for money to buy the franchise. He was just verbalizing everything I had ever thought before. I wasn't good enough for Grace, and I wouldn't be good enough until my bank account stood up to her uncle's.

TWO

Grace

"HOW ABOUT THIS JACKET?" LANA Sullivan, my cousin, held up a double-breasted, heavy wool coat with a designer label. We were shopping for Christmas presents, and I was looking for the perfect gift for Noah. His winter coat was the one he'd bought when he was in the Marines, and I wanted to give him a nice wool one that was better suited to his desire to be a mogul. But Noah was very sensitive about my relative wealth compared to his own, so I had to be careful to buy something that was of good quality but that wasn't so expensive it would reinforce our economic differences. I wanted my first Christmas with Noah to be wonderful, not fraught with tension.

"Too expensive." I turned back to the sale rack and rifled through the sparse offerings.

"Everything in this section is expensive." Lana waved a hand around us.

I winced. "Well, I'm trying to find something on the sale rack."

"How will Noah know whether you paid full price or got it on sale?"

Good point. "Because I'm a terrible liar?"

"To the rest of us, but Noah doesn't always read you very well." She shrugged lightly. "Besides, why do you have to tell him?"

"True." I wandered back over to her. "The jacket is nice."

"Cut the tags off," Lana advised, pulling the jacket off the hanger and taking it to the sales counter. "He'll never know. Besides, what is he going to do? Google the price?"

"I know you think this is silly, but Noah has some crazy idea about the lifestyle he thinks I want to live. I think he's driving himself into an early grave trying to deliver it." I paid for the jacket. The sales lady handed me a ticket so that I could pick up the gift from the gift wrap counter later.

"This is more of Noah's problem than yours," Lana countered.

"Possibly." I shrugged. "But why exacerbate his already-vulnerable feelings on this? I wouldn't like it if Noah kept poking at my wounds."

"This is something Noah is going to have to get over, or you guys are going to have a rough time."

"Is this your professional advice?" Lana was a psychology student and liked to dispense pop diagnoses and cures. A lot of the time, she was scarily on point. Other times, I found her advice irritating. Likely because she made too much sense. Sometimes I just wanted her to nod and offer soft sympathetic sounds rather than declaring that Noah and I were on the brink of another break up.

"Just an observation." Lana stopped at a rack of ties. "Besides, I think that if you were more assertive then maybe Noah wouldn't feel as uneasy."

I bristled at Lana's criticism. "How exactly am I supposed to be more assertive? Should I cram my trust down his throat, sell his business out from under him? Demand that he either drop one or all of his extracurricular activities in order to spend time with little old me?"

"No, I'm saying if he gets all worked up about the gift, just tell him straight out that he needs to accept you just like you accept him." Having finished her lecture, Lana moved on. "What's next on our list?"

"Your mom and mine. Then Josh." Objectively, Lana was probably right, darn her, but I didn't want to risk my relationship with Noah over something trivial as the cost of a coat.

"Dad said not to buy either of our moms a gift. He is sending them to Uzes for a month next spring."

I made a face. "I hope he gives that gift to them before we get there. Nothing like making Noah feel bad by announcing that as a Christmas gift your dad is sending our moms to a month-long spa retreat in the south of France."

"That gift doesn't say that we are too good for Noah. It says that our family is so f**ked up he should run far away."

We headed toward the sporting goods department. My brother Josh never shopped, relying on Lana and me to load him up at Christmas and his birthday. We'd buy him a new wardrobe by the time we were done here, which made my gifts to Noah seem paltry by comparison.

"Even if that is true," I pointed out, "neither is a good portrayal. I want to keep him, not drive him away with ostentatious displays of wealth or craziness."

"Too late. The Sullivans are full of both."

"True."

AFTER WE'D HAULED EVERYTHING UP to our apartment, I took stock of my gifts for Noah. I'd wanted to buy him another watch, but since he had one that had so many dials and buttons, I was afraid that I would buy one that was missing some vital feature, like being able to declare one's body mass from five feet away. Instead I'd bought him a leather-bound copy of the Odyssey by Homer to replace the paperback I'd sent him when he was deployed along with the winter coat, a scarf, and a pair of gloves. I hoped it wasn't too much.

Lavishing gifts on Noah wasn't my way of saying I had deeper pockets than him but rather that I loved him. Every time I was out, I kept finding things I thought he would enjoy. I loved seeing him wear a shirt I'd bought him, and it gave me a thrill to know that the pen that he loved was one that I'd discovered during a shopping jaunt with Lana a few weekends ago. But the cost of those things, if he knew, would probably drive him batty.

Noah had this driving ambition to be wealthy, probably because of how he grew up. Sometimes, after we'd made love, Noah would open up about his past and admit that there were times he didn't always have enough to eat and that it was a good thing that they'd lived in Texas where they didn't need heat in the winter most of the time.

He tried to pass these conditions off a joke, but silently I ached for him. I loved him so much, and I'd rather live in a small shanty in West Texas so long as every night I went to bed wrapped in his arms and woke up to his gorgeous face next mine. How much money we had was meaningless to me. I just didn't know how to get Noah to believe this.

I hid all the presents in the closet and pulled out my comparative literature studies notes. My Comp Lit final was tomorrow, and after it was over, Noah, Lana, and I would undertake the seven-hour trip home for the holidays. Lana had finished her finals today, and Noah would be showing up here at the apartment I shared with Lana after handing in his independent study portfolio.

That project was a sure A. Noah had to conduct a feasibility study as to what franchise would have the best potential in the metro area. Given that Noah had bought a franchise and was making a profit, there was no way he wouldn't keep his perfect GPA.

"Pork okay for dinner?" I asked Lana after I had stashed the gifts. "I've been reading up on what foods would provide Noah the best nutrition for his upcoming fight."

"And pork is it?"

"White meat, lean and full of protein, I explained. "Won't affect him at weigh in."

Lana shrugged. "As long as I'm not cooking, I don't care. You could be making alligator."

"Tastes like chicken." I grinned and set to work firing up the stove. I'd prepped some vegetables earlier for steaming. "Should we have a starch?" I asked Lana.

"Isn't that fattening?"

"Good point. Maybe quinoa then."

Lana made a face but didn't protest.

Forty-five minutes later, the food was done and ready for Noah, but he hadn't appeared. I checked my phone, but there weren't any texts from him. I debated calling his friend, Bo, but didn't want to look like a Stage Five clinger who couldn't be away from her boyfriend for more than a few hours without freaking out. Truth was, though, I liked to be with Noah all the time, so I guess that did make me a clingy girlfriend. I tried to suppress those feelings when Noah was around.

"I'm eating while food is still hot," Lana declared. I nodded nervously. It didn't matter to me that Lana was eating. It mattered that Noah wasn't here.

"Maybe he's just shooting the shit with Professor Billings," I said, checking my phone again.

"If Noah was a girl, I'd say Professor Billings was trying his lame moves on him," Lana mocked.

Professor Billings had a bad reputation for offering grades for favors. I didn't know why someone didn't report him to the administration, but I'd personally avoided taking any courses in the finance school.

Really, for the last two years, I'd been just taking general humanities courses until I was accepted into the art program. The dean had assigned me a couple of reading assignments over the break because he thought my eye for art was well-developed. My favorite type of photography had been deemed too commercial for the dean of the art school, and he wanted me to see further into people and draw their secret feelings out to the surface through my photography. Given that I'm naturally a private and shy person, the idea of breaking through people's barriers in order to exploit them for my art felt uncomfortable. I think I probably preferred the too-commercial types of photography, but there was a lot I could learn from the art program even if I didn't want to take pictures of someone's soul and then hang it in a gallery in New York.

Two hours after I'd finished dinner, Noah showed up with an apology and a bouquet of gas station flowers. I could tell from the orange price tag on the cellophane. Forcing a bright smile on my face, I took the flowers and held up my cheek for a kiss. Noah gathered me in his arms and held me for a long minute, burying his nose in my neck and lifting me slightly off my feet. The ferocity of his hug alarmed me, but I just hugged him back. Noah was stubborn, so I already knew that I wasn't getting anything out of him until he was ready.

"There's some pork and steamed vegetables in the oven warming."

"Awesome," Noah replied, letting me down to the floor. He went into the bedroom and dropped off his backpack. I noticed his hair was wet.

"Go for a run?" That would explain his absence. Kind of.

"Yeah, a long one. I'm sorry I didn't text you. Just got caught up in the run. Zoned out."

As apologies went, it was kind of lame, but I held my tongue.

"How was your test this morning, Lana?" Noah asked, and it wasn't just out of politeness. He genuinely liked Lana, which wasn't easy because Lana had her own barriers that she kept up between herself and others. It was just instinctive, though, her need to hold people at a distance. Lana's mom was pretty horrible to her, and the only way Lana had been able to survive was to encase herself in cold steel. My mom wasn't horrible. She just wasn't there. But I had my brother Josh, whereas Lana had been alone until Josh and I had come to live with her when Lana and I were twelve and Josh was fourteen.

"Aced it, I'm sure." Lana tossed her head in mock arrogance although she probably did ace it.

"How'd your meeting with Dr. Billings go?" I asked Noah as I prepared a plate of food for him. Sitting down with my own, I was struck by the obvious show of anger and frustration on Noah's face. "That bad?"

Noah mustered up a smile. "It was fine."

"Don't tell me he propositioned you too," Lana called from the living room.

Noah turned in his chair to stare at her. "What's this?"

"You don't know?" I asked Noah.

"No. Remember, I just transferred here this semester," he replied with a touch of impatience.

"Dr. Billings is known for offering to increase the grades of cute co-eds so long as they do him favors."

Noah looked contemplative. "Is this a random rumor or one that you have actual proof of?"

"No actual proof, but it happened to Lana."

"Tell me," Noah demanded harshly. Lana looked a little taken aback by Noah's tone. "Sorry." He tried again. "Please, will you share with me your story of woe?"

Lana and I both laughed at Noah's weak attempt at humility. Lana said, "It was second semester freshman year. I was taking first year Statistics because, you know, psychology is a lot of about statistics." Noah and I shook our heads that we didn't know this. "Yeah, well it is. I think Dr. Billings hates underclassmen, and so to amuse himself, he picks out a couple of first year girls he'd like to bone and probably fantasizes about all the dirty things he'd like to do with us. I felt like I needed to take a shower after every class based on how he looked at me."

Noah frowned. I could almost see his protective nature rise up behind him. Lana continued. "So around midterms, Billings calls me in and suggests that my poor C grade could be improved if I underwent some private tutoring with him. I reminded him that my father was one of the original donors who'd endowed the Smith Entrepreneurial Center here, and that shut him up. Kind of coasted the rest of the semester because Billings was too afraid I might mention to my dad how much I didn't like the man. Too bad for him, he doesn't know that Dad never listens to me anyway."

Tapping his fork against the plate, Noah muttered, "So he's afraid of donors. He's reckless with his money."

"What's this about?" I asked.

Looking down at his plate, Noah appeared to contemplate his options and then exhaled heavily. "I went running to clear my mind," he admitted.

"Did it work?"

Noah

Grace's patience was never ending. I had recklessly banked on that fact before when I hoped that she'd wait for me. Against all odds, she did. After four years of writing to me only to receive a blow off letter, Grace should've run off with the first guy that asked her, but her love was so strong and steady and enduring that she was still available when I hunted her down just four months ago. She should've slapped me across the face, but she met me with pained uncertainty, still loving me but afraid that I'd crush her again.

I couldn't reward her tolerance with more obfuscation. I didn't even care that Lana was there to overhear. "Billings strongly suggested I throw my fight in order for him to make money betting against me, and made it clear my grade and scholarship would be in jeopardy if I didn't."

"My God," Grace exclaimed. Fire sprung up in her eyes. The anger she exhibited on my behalf was gratifying, but Grace against Dr. Billings was like a kitten against a pitbull. I was suddenly glad Grace's classes never took her into Billings' circle. "We need to report him." Turning in her seat to face Lana, Grace asked, "Did you file a complaint against him?"

"No," Lana admitted. "I had no proof. Right, Noah?"

"Right," I said sourly. The problem we had was that it was our word against his. Given that I was dating Grace, a complaint by her cousin and me looked like a concerted effort to bring down a professor who gave a poor grade to a jock on a scholarship rather than an administrative violation.

Outraged, Grace clanged our dirty dishes into a pile and stomped to the dishwasher. I helped clear the rest of the table and then took the dishes from her, afraid she would break them in her anger.

"So this jerk just gets away with preying on students?"

I shut the dishwasher and leaned against it. "Honestly Grace, I'm just tired. Mentally and physically. Maybe I can come up with something, but for now, I just want to go to bed. Can we do that?"

My plea triggered her caretaker response. "Of course, Noah." Grabbing my hand, Grace started pulling me toward the bedroom. "Come on. I'll give you a massage."

Grace stopped next to the bed and pushed me down. I dropped my ass onto her cloud-like bed, grateful to be off my feet. The workout had been hard this morning and my long, twelve-mile run had left me worn out. I let her undress me, lifting my arms when she pulled the shirt over my head. My jeans came next. The soft brush of her hands at my groin as she pulled down my zipper resulted in the stiffening of my cock. She patted it and gave me a sly smile under her lashes. The sexy look made my semi harden further. Good thing the zipper was already down.

"Maybe you need a different kind of massage." Grace pressed her hand more firmly against me, and I felt my dick pulse in response.

"Yeah?" I swept her long, heavy hair off her shoulder so I could see her delicate neck. Leaning forward, I pressed my lips against the smooth, elegant column of flesh tracing the veins from her ear down to her shoulder. Her cowl neck sweater prevented any deeper exploration, so I moved upward and engulfed her small ear in my mouth, licking the whorls and curve of the inner shell. A gratifying shiver shook her body and she allowed her body to melt against mine. Her hand squeezed my c*ck rhythmically. God, I would do anything to keep her. Transgress any rule; violate any law. I drew one large hand up her back underneath the sweater and the light cotton tank she wore against her skin. The smooth skin of her back felt like silk.

"Yeah," she breathed lightly in my ear. Placing one hand on her ass, I urged her to straddle me on the bed. The lightweight fabric of her yoga pants were no proof against my insistent erection. Clutching both ass cheeks in my hands, I pulled her up against me. Her own arousal was enough that I could feel her wetness through the layers of fabric. I pushed off with the balls of my feet, shifting backward on the bed and pulling her with me at the same time. We fell against the covers, the weight of her body pressing against my own. The warmth of her touch chased away all the cold that had seeped in during my meeting with Dr. Billings and that had threatened to swallow me during my run.

The situation had seemed kind of hopeless earlier, but now, with Grace in my arms, I felt strong enough to defeat any opponent. My hands cupped her ass, pulling her against me as I thrust against her sex. Her mouth was pressed against mine, and it had a sort of desperate taste, as if she were trying to absorb everything. Pulling my mouth away from her, I panted, "Are you done studying?"

She shook her head. "I can study later." She fastened her mouth on mine and ground down with her hips. For a moment, I thought maybe I should push her away from me so that I wasn't distracting her, but then her soft hand crept into my shorts. When her fingers wrapped around my c*ck and started stroking me, I lost track of our conversation. Grace's wet tongue on my neck and her hand on my c*ck made me blind and stupid. I pushed down her yoga pants and underwear and then interrupted her exploration of my neck when I pulled her sweater and tank off. With Grace's helpful hands, I divested myself of my jeans, underwear, and socks until we were both nak*d.

I rolled us over so that I could stare at her gorgeous body, her full br**sts tipped by hard pink n**ples, and the lush curves of her stomach and waist. Grace was built like a woman, all softness and curves, and I loved it. Other men might like a harder body, a trimmer figure, but I loved the plushness of her body. "I f**king love your body, Grace," I told her in worshipful tones. Leaning down I licked one nipple and then the other. The light touches sent Grace's fingers digging into my hair so she could pull me closer to her tits. Her assertiveness in bed was so hot, but it was even better when I got to tell her what I wanted and she did it.

"Turn over," I commanded. Grace tried to hide a small grin of anticipation. She didn't move at first, just pulled up her legs so that her sex was hidden from me. I frowned at her and repeated the command. "Turn over." I gave her a little swat on the side of her ass. Grace's smile turned even naughtier, and she shook her head no.

Ever so carefully, Grace placed a splayed hand right above her pubis and said, "Make me."

My head exploded. If I could come from words alone, those two might do it. I didn't wait for a second invitation. I flipped Grace's body over and pushed her to her knees. "Make you," I growled into her ear as I covered her. I gathered her long hair in one hand and pulled back slightly on her neck. Her exposed pulse beat rapidly, signaling that she was getting more aroused by the second. Her body was trembling and her breath was coming out in thready pants. Pulling two pillows from the top of the bed, I shoved them under her hips. "I'm going to assume from your challenging statement that you want this. Tell me to stop if you don't."

She said nothing, and I pulled her hair a little tighter so that her face was facing sideways. Capturing her mouth in mine, I plunged my tongue into her mouth in a preview of what was to come. Her response was to suck on my tongue so hard I felt it in my cock. She was a f**king dream, and I needed to rock her world in return.

With my mouth still on hers, I slapped her ass slightly, just to test her out. Instead of shrinking, she wiggled her curves against me. I slapped her harder, and she returned for more. If that wasn't clear enough consent, I didn't know what was. I let go of her hair and she fell forward. We were both panting hard. Breath ragged, I told her what I wanted between light slaps against her ass cheeks.

"Next time I tell you to do something, you're going to do it, right?" She was maddeningly, arousingly silent. I wasn't going to last long because all the blood in my body was in my stiff, hard member. I swore I could drill nails into concrete I was so hard. Sliding between her legs, I kicked them out wider so that her sex was exposed. I slapped between her legs, hitting her tiny cl*t and her soft p**sy lips. She let out a long, keening cry. Pushing my fingers into her, I could feel her orgasming against me, tightening and releasing and coating my hand with her come.

I drew out my hand and spread the juice against my own cock, jacking myself hard and swift. "I'm going to come inside you now."

"You're a lot of talk, no action," Grace gasped out as I spread her p**sy lips with one hand and arrowed my c*ck toward her welcome opening with the other. She couldn't see my happy ass grin because her face was against the comforter.

"I've got some action for you, baby," I said. We both groaned as I slid slowly inside her. The first push into her body always felt so amazing, like I was home. During the cold winter nights of deployment, I dreamt about what it would feel like to be inside Grace, but all those lonely nights and my super-active imagination never came close to reality. It was like a wet, hot heaven, and while some guys wanted to die with their so-called boots on, I wanted to die with my dick inside of Grace.

I spread my hands around the roundness of her ass, plumping the cheeks together. "Your body is so f**king amazing." Grace moved back against me, which made my breath hitch. "Stop moving, baby. I'm taking a mental picture. This is so hot that I could probably come just from the recall." Then I pulled out and thrust into her so I could see her ass cheeks jiggle. Top shelf mental spank bank material.

"I love your soft body, how it moves when I'm f**king you."

Grace moaned into the comforter. Crouching over her, I kissed a line over her shoulder and down the center of her back while ensuring my thrusts were even and strong.

"Noah, Noah," Grace sobbed. The song of my love rang in my ears. Sensation thrummed through every blood cell, demanding now, now, now, now, now. But Grace wasn't there quite yet. I slipped my hand around to the front, shoving it between the pillows and her wet, succulent flesh.

She was so hot and lovely. "I love you, baby, so much," I whispered against shoulder. She shuddered under me and whether it was the words or my fingers on her clit, the first wave of her orgasm swept over her body. I pressed my hand tight against her p**sy and let go. Jets of my come spurted into her tight channel as she milked me.

Sighing, we collapsed on top of the cover. "Sorry about your blanket," I murmured. I wasn't really sorry at all. I was high off the sex. Every time we made love, it seemed better than the last. As the rush of my orgasm wore off, the thoughts of my conversation with Dr. Billings crept in, and as if she could sense my thoughts had left her, Grace shivered. "Baby, you're cold. Let me clean you up."

My girl needed to get under the covers. I pulled up one side of the comforter and then rolled off the bed, heading for the bathroom. My dick was still wet from our come, and in its semi-hard state, it painted my groin with our mixed arousal, an unusual feeling.

"Oh fuck." I stopped short. Gripping my dick in my hand, I turned toward Grace, but whatever I was going to say died in my mouth. She looked so gorgeous, her smile so loving, her expression sated and satisfied, and I didn't want to do anything to ruin the moment.

After, I thought, I'll talk to her after. In the bathroom, I wet a cloth and rubbed off the sem*n and Grace's sweet lubrication. Tossing the soiled cloth away, I heated a new one up and carried it out to her.

"We made a mess," she said as I tenderly cleaned between her legs. Her hand stroked down my side, tracing her fingers unconsciously over the branches and down the trunk of the tree I had tattooed on my side. Bo'd talked me into getting it after Boot Camp. As I'd looked through the catalog of designs, the tree one called to me. Not because I was a nature lover but because I liked the idea of creating roots, of being a steady, dependable man that my father wasn't. I wanted to provide for Grace, shelter her, and love her.

Her inner thighs had streaks of come on them and part of me didn't want to wipe them away. Part of me, the Neanderthal part, wanted to scoop every swimmer up and push them back inside her. The thought of Grace rounded and pregnant with my child made me instantly hard again.

I tried to ignore it because despite Grace's consent earlier, she still had to study for a final. Reluctantly cleaning her off, I pulled back the sheets and tucked her underneath the covers. The studying could wait until after a short, post-dinner nap.

"I'll wake you up in an hour, baby, so you can study for your Comp Lit final."

"Thanks," she said drowsily and fell off to sleep. I didn't know if Grace really grasped the ramifications of what we'd done, hav**g s*x without the condom, but we'd do whatever she wanted. If she wanted to keep the baby, then my timeline had just been crunched into a shorter time period. Dr. Billings other offer seemed less offensive now.

I'd tell Grace tomorrow.

THREE

Noah

"WE SHOULD STAY OVERNIGHT IN the city. I'll take you to Navy Pier and we can ride the Ferris Wheel," I offered. Grace and I had skipped all the fun dating things that high school students did since I was ass deep in dust and sand during her high school years.

"It's nearly zero degrees," Grace said dryly.

"So that's a no?"

Grace reached across the console and squeezed my thigh in silent reassurance. Apparently she didn't want to tip off her cousin, who was sitting in the back of the rented Tahoe, that I was nervous as f**k about going to their home. But I figured that was probably a lost cause given that I'd suggested going to an amusement park in the dead of winter. In the rearview mirror, I could see Lana rolling her eyes at me. I should have recommended ice skating, although none of the water on Lake Michigan looked frozen so I wasn't sure where that would take place.

I'd only been in Chicago once before, and I'd only really seen the airport and Interstate 94.

"You're looking sterner and sterner the closer we get to my house." Grace leaned over and kissed my cheek.

My face felt like stone, and I tried to crack a smile for her, but it must have looked labored. The stress of not telling Grace about Dr. Billings, the possibility I was going to throw a fight, made my stomach churn. In response, I could feel myself shutting down, shutting Grace out.

She just patted my cheek again. "We all hate it there, don't we, Lana."

"Yup, don't blame you for not wanting to come with us," Lana agreed. "Christmas with the Sullivans involves a lot of liquor, insults, and crying-and that's just me. Your home life must really suck if you are voluntarily coming with us."

"Lana," Grace chastised.

Leave it to Lana, I thought. "Anything is better than Little Oak, Texas."

"What's Bo doing?" Grace asked.

"He's going to San Diego to visit some Marine buddies."

The rest of my roommates were all natives and were spending their respective holidays with their families. Bo had invited me down to San Diego with him, but I wanted to be with Grace. With my schedule, it was hard to have complete days with her uninterrupted by classes, business duties, and training for my New Year's fight.

At Grace's house, she promised me that I could work out and that the rest of my time, I'd be in her bedroom allowing her to judge the results of my workout. That cheered me up.

"Look, he's almost smiling, Grace," Lana said from the backseat. "He must be thinking about boning you."

"Lana!" Grace exclaimed and turned about a hundred shades of pink. Loved it. If I wasn't driving, I'd have hauled her into my lap and kissed the hell out of her.

"What?" Lana said innocently. "It's true. I spend enough time around you to know that it's a look Noah gets before he hustles you into the bedroom and I don't see you for an hour. By the way, Noah, your stamina is really putting a pall over my entire hook-up philosophy."

Grace buried her face in her hands, but I just laughed. In the rearview mirror, I saw Lana slide back into her seat looking smug. She'd taken all of our minds off what was coming.

"I can still put that hit on Parker," I said to her. Parker was a guy that had cheated on Lana with some girl in London over summer vacation. That's the type of people that Lana and Grace knew. People who went to foreign countries for the entire summer between college semesters.

"Nah, that would imply I still cared about him. Which I don't. Although a girl from another house told me that he picked up herpes B from the London girl and now no one will go near him."

"Is that like a sorority alert that is sent out?" I asked.

"Something like that. Gotta look out for our sisters." Lana leaned forward toward Grace. "When's Josh coming in?"

"Tomorrow, I think. He's excited that we are coming to the game but sorry to miss your fight."

"No worries," I said. I didn't have family come to my fights. Bo and the roommates did, and some of the guys from my Marine unit, but the only family I had was a drunk of a father who only cared that I fought because he believed it meant more money for him. I didn't give him any money. Instead, I paid his rent directly and paid off his account at the local grocery store, which was under strict orders not to sell him liquor. I didn't pay for any of that. I'm not sure if he sold his food stamps for liquor, but I knew he still drank.

Bo'd left town with me and never looked back. He didn't stay in touch with his old friends, let alone his mother. He hated that place and everything in it. I didn't so much hate it as I regretted it. When my agent was putting together my promotional materials, he wanted to play up the small town kid makes good. I nixed that and sold him on just using the former Marine language.

The mixed martial arts crowd was full of people that wanted to see some former military guy get their ass kicked. If I got beat, this was their way of saying that they could have hacked it in the military if they'd wanted to. So I made sure I upheld Marine honor by not getting beat. Oorah.

My perfect record led to a professional contract with a management company and fights at holidays. I did a fight earlier in the year, and now I'm the undercard on a New Year's Eve match in Las Vegas. Just being on the undercard for such a match was a big payday for me.

But no matter how big my paydays were, they'd never match what Grace had in her trust fund or what the house she grew up in was worth. I was going to have to use my fight earnings to leverage that into something else. The thought of the fight and all the implications it held brought on a throbbing headache that killed any good feelings I'd had about getting Grace alone in her teenage bedroom, which was too bad. Those were damn good fantasies. I shifted in my seat and pressed my temple with my thumb, trying to ease the ache.

"You can work out when we get there," Grace whispered and squeezed my shoulder.

For a minute I wanted to shrug out of her grasp. I didn't like that she had to comfort me. The pounding in my head increased like a goddamm woodpecker was on the inside, pounding away at me.

Grace

NOAH LOOKED TENSE, AND he was strung so tightly I thought he might shatter like glass with the wrong word or touch. I glanced in the rearview mirror and met Lana's worried gaze. She raised her eyebrows in a silent question, but I couldn't answer her-not without letting Noah know that I was concerned. He had some old-fashioned ideas about shouldering all the burdens. I think it had to do with the fact his mom died young.

The deaths of our parents was one thing that had drawn us together when I'd written to Noah while he was deployed to Afghanistan. The bond between us had seemed so strong and real that the letter he'd written telling me that we shouldn't see each other after he separated had been devastating to me. It had taken me a long time to feel good about myself after that and to trust other people. I'd felt numb inside.

I learned later that Noah had been struck with his own sense of insecurity, particularly after he had come up to my house to surprise me on leave. Determined that he wouldn't bother me with his struggle with coping with the civilian world and convinced that he wasn't good enough-which in his mind was all to do with wealth-Noah broke it off. Then, just a few months ago, he came storming back, a Marine on a mission. It was hard to hold out, but at first I didn't trust him.

We'd survived one test, one fight, but this was a real concern. Noah's anxiety over coming to my home was scaring me. I wondered if he was going to drop Lana and me off at the gate and then speed back to the airport and join Bo in San Diego with all their buddies. Half of me expected this and half of me wanted him to go. If this was going to break us up again, I'd never forgive myself. And maybe I'd never forgive him either.

I looked at Lana again for reassurance, but Noah caught me and frowned. I gave him a weak smile, which only seemed to deepen the unhappy lines of his face. The passing scenery was the safest place to look right now, so I stared out the window and silence settled in for the last thirty minutes of our drive.

As we drove down the lane to the house, I thought back to the first time I'd come here after my father died. Mom had fallen apart. She went to bed after the funeral and didn't get up. After the third day she'd refused to leave her bed, my older brother Josh called Uncle Louis-dad's brother. I was twelve. Josh was fourteen. He let me sleep in his room that night. I was certain Mom was going to die, and while she still lives and breathes, she isn't with us anymore. Uncle Louis arrived a day later, took the whole scene in with a glance, and by the weekend, we were living with my cousin Lana in her mansion north of the city of Chicago.

There were a few rules here. Stay out of the targeting range of Lana's mom. Don't bother Uncle Louis. Make sure my mom had her meds. Josh assimilated easily. Being athletic, Josh slid into an easy social class at school. I was a shy, sad, round ball of a girl, and while Lana made sure everyone included me, I still felt awkward-like I was always just visiting. I didn't make close friends with anyone but Lana. I actually clung to her, and when I started writing Noah two years later, when I was fourteen and he was eighteen, I clung to him too. I was trying to give everyone around me space so I didn't end up alone.

"Drive around to the side," Lana leaned forward, directing Noah to the spot to park the rental car. Having likely watched us arrive through the security cameras, Daniel, the house manager, came out the side door immediately to grab the luggage. It was a little amusing watching Noah and Daniel tussle over the cases, but Noah was a professional athlete and had about thirty years on Daniel. This would not end well.

"Noah," I said, slipping my hand around his elbow. I cringed when I felt how tight his muscles were. When we got to my room, I was going to give him an all-body massage. Thinking of Noah lying nude on my bed while I slicked oil all over the curves of his muscles was much better than thinking of Noah ready to run out of the house and back to Central.

AFTER UNPACKING MY THINGS, I walked along the balconette to the guest wing. There were three bedrooms here, each with its own bathroom, that were reserved for guests. There were more in the basement, and one on the first floor, though that was for our grandmother when she visited. She never did, though. She lived in a condo association in Northfield, and maybe she'd like to visit, but Uncle Louis never brought her here-probably because Grandma and Lana's mom didn't get along.

I hadn't seen my mother yet. She could be sleeping or she could be dosed into zombie mode and sitting in the library. I didn't rush to find her. During our brief conversation before coming home for Christmas break, I'd told her I was bringing Noah home. She made some polite noises, but I'm not sure she could repeat the information I'd given her if you asked her an hour later.

Still, someone had made up a room for Noah in the guest wing. While I would've liked to have him sleep in my bed, it was only a double-but I could've slept on top of him. Likely Lana was responsible. She would've called ahead and made the arrangements. Even though Uncle Louis wasn't my dad, Lana and I felt that he'd have a hard time with Noah sleeping in my bed. Noah didn't resist.

I found him in his room, standing at the window with his arms braced above him, holding onto the top of the sill, looking out at Lake Michigan.

He must have heard me come in because he didn't turn around, but he did acknowledge my entrance. "I can't believe the view from here."

I walked over and wrapped my arms around his solid waste and tucked my head into the hollow between his shoulder blades. With a deep breath, I inhaled his wonderful smell and thought it was sad that he was still so tense. I tugged on his arm. "Why don't you come and lie down? I'll give you a rubdown."

"You know that Bo has money, right?"

I shrugged even though he couldn't see it. "Maybe. I guess I never really thought of it."

"He doesn't live anything like this. Sure, he's got a big house, but it's in West Texas. It looks out over oil rigs."

"And this house, that I don't even own, looks out over Lake Michigan."

Noah shook his head. "You just don't get it, Grace."

He was right. I didn't get it. Noah was disconcerting in these moods. He always seemed to know what he wanted and when he wanted it. Things moved on his timeline or they didn't move at all. But there wasn't any budging him from these moods. The last time he had been like this, he'd fought an illegal fight, and we broke up soon after. I didn't want to revisit that experience. I realized that I needed to be more independent. So even though Noah was withdrawing from me, I had to suck it up. He'd come back. This was just a phase.

The holiday season was never much fun, and it wasn't just because our parents were intolerable. It was because Josh was often gone, practicing for his bowl game. This year Noah had a New Year's Eve fight, and Josh's game was the next day. We'd see Josh for two whole days before he had to go back to State to practice for the big game. He was a junior this year, and there wasn't much more time for him to make a statement as a player if he wanted to go pro. Josh had told me privately he didn't think he would make it.

Listening to both guys in my life express such concern wasn't ordinary. I was used to being the one who was indecisive and uncertain, yet in this case, I could see their futures so clearly. Noah was so driven that it didn't seem possible that he wouldn't achieve every goal that was set in front of him, and Josh was so talented there was no way he wouldn't get drafted.

But all I could do now was hold their respective hands and listen to them and encourage them.

"How did they figure out you didn't like water in boot camp?" I asked suddenly.

"Huh?" The question caught Noah off guard and he turned to look at me over his shoulder. I sidled around the front and pushed against his chest so that he wasn't leaning up against the window and staring at the cold water. Nudging him backward until he fell into one of the upholstered chairs in front of a gas fireplace, I settled in on top of him. His arms closed around me automatically.

"When you wrote to me, you said that you hadn't realized that water would be such a big part of your military experience, that you hadn't realized that the Marines were part of the Navy."

He nodded, then, catching on. "Besides the recruiter? I hesitated. We were supposed to jump in the water and do an equipment removal test, and I hesitated. I'd never hesitated before. I was always the first one off the mark, running, jumping, climbing, whatever they wanted me to do, I was doing it first. But when we came to the pool, I stopped and people brushed past me. All except Bo. Bo waited with me. Not because he was scared of the water."

"I can just imagine what he said."

"Yeah," Noah gave a small gruff laugh full of affection for his best friend. "He said to me later that he always let me go first so that he knew where to go, but this time he waited for me and waited, and then he just grabbed my vest and jumped in. Later he said that he got tired of waiting and he was hot. But-"

"But he was saving you," I finished.

"Yeah, I had to do that part of the training. It was a whole third of boot, Grace, and I hated it. Every day."

"But you jumped in. You conquered it, and now it is just a thing that's behind you."

"You can't put a house this big behind you, Grace."

"It's not my house."

"But you come from here. This is your world. I grew up in a shack and lived on welfare. Do you see why I didn't come inside so many years ago when I thought about visiting you?"

Even though we'd exchanged letters for four years while Noah was deployed, sometimes he was a complete mystery. This insecurity of his over the size of this house, this house that belonged to Uncle Louis and not even to me, was unfathomable. Noah had gone to the Marines, owned his own business, and was part of an exclusive group of mixed martial artists who fought for money in Vegas and other venues in front of thousands of fans. He'd been on television, for crying out loud. But take him out of his element and set him down in a 12,000-foot, overblown McMansion in the Northern suburbs of Chicago, and he'd immediately forgotten all of the success that he had made for himself.

I tried for distraction. "How do you think Manuel is doing with the shop?"

"Good," Noah grunted. "Although maybe I should call him and see."

"Maybe if you want him to quit."

"I've called too many times?" He grimaced when I nodded. He heaved a big sigh and pushed me off his lap so he could leverage himself out of the chair. "I'm no good at giving up control, Grace." He looked down at me with a serious expression and then out toward the lake again.

"I know." I had some ideas about helping him with that, but I'd tell him about them later, when we were alone and didn't have to go down to dinner with the entire family sans Josh.

Noah took one last long look at the lake and said "I'm going to live here someday. Oh not in this house, specifically, but I'm going to have a big-ass house right here on Lake Michigan."

"I believe it," I said. And I did.

DINNER WAS EXCRUCIATING. LANA'S MOM had brought out the Royal Daulton china, the stuff with the 14k gold trim and lapis lazuli inlay. It was grotesque, and I think I read somewhere that you could actually get food poisoning from this stuff. Lana looked at me from across the table, a smirk on her face. For Aunt Sarah to bring out this china, she must feel really threatened by Noah. She was obviously trying to prove something, although I'm not quite sure what. Maybe she just liked playing Marie Antoinette to our peasant.

Noah looked thunderous and grim as he stared at the elaborate place setting and the dozens of utensils lined up on the side and top. I nudged him and waved my hand across the setting from the outward to the interior, and I think he got it. He nodded at me but didn't look any happier.

Uncle Louis came in at the end, and Noah stood up to shake his hand. Lana rolled her eyes at me and mouthed "suck up." Sadly the table was too big so I couldn't kick her, but I quickly stuck my tongue out. Unfortunately this did not go unnoticed by my mother. Her medication dosage must be working pretty well for her to be a sentient being at this late hour of 7:00 p.m.

"Really, Grace, those are terrible manners," she said reprovingly. She sat next to Lana, with Aunt Sarah and Uncle Louis filling out the head and foot respectively. Yes, Aunt Sarah was the head of our household. She claimed that it was easier for her to direct the staff in serving from her position. No one dared point out that the serving door was in the middle of the room.

We were sitting at one of the smaller tables. I think Aunt Sarah had three that she cycled in and out of here depending on the number of guests in the party. The room looked rather silly with just the six of us seated in here, but that was Aunt Sarah for you. The family was a joke, but we all ate together in this formal setting when we were home. Lana and I speculated that this was because Aunt Sarah was a poor, pageant girl, and this was the way she thumbed her nose at the DAR, the Daughters of the Revolution. She'd never gotten into their exclusive Mayfair club, even though she spent days trying to trace down some member of her family somewhere that could be one of the original boaters.

I wondered what Noah's family lineage looked like but was afraid to ask. He'd probably take it wrong and as a sign that we shouldn't be together. God only knew what was cycling through his mind right now as he looked at the gold-tinted silverware and the fancy plates. But tonight was bound to be a circus, and hopefully that would put to rest any thoughts of inferiority he had.

As the evening wore on, though, Lana's earlier advice to be more assertive took root. Maybe I could make Noah feel more secure, but not in the way Lana had thought. I'd be assertive in my own way.

Noah

THIS HOUSE LOOKED LIKE A friggin' palace. I knew I was going to hate this place just from the exterior. Having only seen about a quarter of the house, if you could call it a house and not a mini hotel, everything had confirmed my initial feelings that this was a bad place. Every big house I'd ever been in-which was all of two, Bo's and Grace's-was filled with nice shit and unhappy people.

Grace's mom looked half dead. She'd warned me, but I don't think I was fully prepared. She wore some long, filmy thing that Grace swore was not a nightgown, but I wasn't really convinced. Grace's aunt, Sarah, spent the whole dinner criticizing Lana. Heck, if I stepped wrong it was somehow Lana's fault.

"I see that you are still taking those psychology courses," Sarah said. "Has it done anything to help your own psychosis?"

Nothing like having your momma call you crazy at the dinner table to make the meal taste like sawdust. Lana picked at her meal, and that brought about another wave of criticism. "Do you need to go back to the clinic and learn how to eat?"

No one mentioned Grace or even looked at her. She might as well have been invisible. Her uncle Louis talked to me, and that was about it.

"Josh tells us that you'll be on a pay per view match this New Year's Eve."

"Yes, sir," I said, holding back the urge to salute. "My second."

"Who's your opponent?"

"It's Fred 'Granite' Marquita."

"And why's he 'Granite'?" Uncle Louis asked. Bo would've said it's because Fred is dumber than a caveman and just as unwieldy. Privately, we call him Flintstone.

"He's a hard hitter. His jaw is like granite."

Grace made a worried sound beside me. I knew that she was afraid I'd get hurt. MMA was a bloody sport, and everyone, even the winner, walked away with injuries. I'd told her that few people got seriously injured and then joked that if I did break something that it'd put me out of the game. She didn't think that was very funny.

The fighting was just a means to an end. It was a way to make big money in a short time, legally, and then I'd pour those funds into buying and selling franchises and then leveraging those assets into something bigger. Something big enough that I could buy a house like this. Except we wouldn't eat in a room like this. I'd want a room with a ton of windows that overlooked the lake and the table would be round and filled with our kids and Grace's gorgeous face.

In my vision, Grace would be smiling too, instead of staring at her plate.

"You going to win, then?"

"Yes, sir." I had to win. Winning was the only option. What I didn't tell anyone but Bo was that I wasn't sure if I could win. Flintstone had years of experience on me. I had only one professional fight under my belt. I'd won dozens of gym matches, but I'd only fought on a pay per view card once. I just got signed a few months ago. My small rise had been called meteoric, and I knew that Flintstone was aching to take me down a notch or five. But I had to win. I had to. In a fight, the person who wants it most wins. The person who is the hungriest wins. It isn't always the one with the harder jaw or the most experience. And I knew that Flintstone would never want this win like I did.

We finished the meal in near silence, broken only by the clatter of the forks against the plates. I didn't even know what I was eating. I think it was fish, but it had a ton of sauce and was far too rich in flavor. I abstained from eating it, explaining to Louis that I had a strict dietary regimen to follow. This was a mistake.

"I wish you would have said something about your guest's eating habits," Sarah sniped to Lana.

Grace had had enough of this and interjected, "It's no big deal. Noah can get something from the kitchen later."

"If you think that the staff works at your pleasure, Grace, you are sorely mistaken. We eat together, even if we aren't all family, isn't that right, Deborah?" Sarah was amazing in her ability to hit more than one target with her insults. "Grace, you aren't a true member of this family, and your mother is a wastrel." Grace nibbled on the corner of her lip and opened her mouth to say something more but Lana, shook her head from across the table, and Grace sat back.

"I'm fine," I said and shoveled a big piece of glazed, sauced fish into my mouth. I washed it down with a big gulp of water and then wiped my mouth.

"You are a big boy," Sarah said, eying me. It sounded vaguely like a come on, and if we were anywhere but here at the table, I would've pegged that as an invitation, but surely not. I looked uncertainly to Uncle Louis who had checked out by checking his cellphone.

I was afraid to look at Grace and Lana. We finished the dinner in awkward silence, and then the three of us escaped to the rec room in the basement. The basement of the house had actual rooms; it wasn't just a dirt hole people hid in from twisters. This basement had a wine cellar, a movie theater, a pool table and a couple of pinball machines.

Neither Lana nor Grace played with any of the toys, so they must be for Josh. We ended up watching a movie, and then Grace took me up to her bedroom. It was pink and white, just like I thought it would be.

The bed was high off the ground and there was a painted white desk with a mirror on top of it and a white dresser. A long mirror sat in the corner, also white. The carpet, however, was a deep, shocking pink.

I blinked a couple of times, and Grace laughed sheepishly. "I liked pink when I was twelve, what can I say?"

"It suits you," I replied. The dresser table held a picture of me when I was deployed. Bo must've taken it. I was seated on my ass with my shitty-ass squad automatic-that got jammed up with the dust-like sand that was over in Iraq and had to be disassembled in the middle of a firefight to clean out-slung across my lap. I'm not sure what Grace saw, but I looked tired.

"You look bad ass," Grace said, stroking her hand up and down my back in a way that might've been comforting but instead, like anything she did, just made my dick hard.

"Yeah? I was probably half asleep," I joked.

"You always look deliciously edible. Even Aunt Sarah thought so," Grace teased. She left me to pat the wide expanse of her bed in invitation.

"So that wasn't just me?" I wandered around Grace's room. I felt like Pigpen, dragging in a bunch of dirt with me. I finished my circuit and sat down on the edge of Grace's bed. It was soft. Kicking off my shoes I laid back on it and looked up at the ceiling. There was some plaster trim around her light fixture. A chandelier. Who had chandeliers in their bedrooms? This was crazy.

"No, Lana and I both thought it was creepy and weird."

The light was blocked, and I turned to see Grace standing by the side of the bed. "You shouldn't sleep alone tonight." Her look was mischievous. While I didn't think Aunt Sarah would make me a midnight visit, I was willing to use any excuse that would allow me to be with Grace. "Let's go to your room." She held out her hand.

I got up, picked up my shoes, and allowed her to lead me across the way from the family wing to the guest wing. There were wings in this house. Chandeliers in the bedrooms. I liked none of this. I felt like my world was spinning completely out of control.

Inside the bedroom suite, Grace locked the door and walked to the middle of the room and dropped to her knees, splaying her hands palm up on her thighs and her head down.

"What are you doing?" I asked. Was she praying? Was this a yoga pose? Did she want me to do yoga with her? Man I remember the last time I saw her do yoga. After about twenty minutes of the yoga session Grace had talked me into attending, I had to get up and leave. When Grace came out, I left the intramural basketball players I'd been shooting the shit with and came over and laid a deep, wet one on her.

"What's wrong?" she'd asked.

I had snorted. "I kept watching you do those different positions, like the down doggy one."

"Downward-facing dog," she'd corrected.

"Yeah, whatever. I couldn't stop thinking of the other day when I was taking you from behind, and my wood got so hard that I thought I was going to drill a hole in the mat. So I left before I embarrassed myself and you."

She had blushed and laughed a little self-consciously as we walked out of the rec center. "I think those two soccer players play on the other team," I'd mused.

"Why's that?"

"Because they didn't sport wood the entire time."

"Not getting an erection is a sign of sexual preference?"

"No way a straight guy makes it through yoga without springing at least one hard on. I watched them for ten minutes and it was totally dead downstairs for them."

"Why, Noah Jackson. So interested in someone else's package." She'd swung my hand a little.

"It was for science. And I was trying to get my own junk to stand down."

Later, I'd suggested we do some nak*d yoga.

"I thought you didn't like it," Grace had replied.

"Hell no, I loved it. I just can't do it in public. And I don't like that there are men in there that can stare at your ass in those different positions." I'd thrown her on the bed.

"Try to put it out of your mind." Grace had run a hand down over my hair.

"Why don't you convince me?" I'd pushed my head into her hand like a dog wanting more petting.

"What position did you like?" she'd said throatily.

"More like what position didn't I like."

I shook myself from the reverie when Grace spoke again from her position on the floor.

"I thought that since you felt like you were out of control out there, that in here, you could be in charge."

I was pretty sure that I was either dreaming or that Grace had lost her mind. I stood dumbly by the door as she waited patiently, still kneeling, still with her head bowed. The image of her so quiet, so, um, submissive, was turning me on. We'd played before, but it had never been so overt. I wanted to be clear about what Grace was offering.

"Grace, I don't know what you're talking about."

Exasperation was clear in her voice. "Yes, you do, Noah, but if I have to explain this to you, there's no point in me being down here."

My throat got very thick, and I found myself having a difficult time breathing. "You want me to be in control?" I choked out.

"Yes, and I think you want to be in control," she said, head still down, her position unchanged. How could she remain like this for so long without moving? I marveled at her discipline. And then the thought of me behind her, bending her over, shot through my mind like a lightning bolt, and I almost fell to my knees.

"Like you-" I was afraid to say it.

"I won't move until you tell me to. I won't do anything that you don't tell me to do inside this room."

God, my mind was reeling with the gift that Grace was offering me. I didn't even know that this was something I wanted, but seeing her in this position was making me harder than I'd ever been my entire life. And I was a little ashamed, but whether I was ashamed that I'd just discovered I was a perverse deviant or whether it was because Grace, of all people, guessed I would like this more than anything, I just didn't know.

I walked over to her and looked down at her bowed neck. The delicate skin was particularly pale there, and I ran my fingers across it. She shivered in response. I stroked down the side of her neck, feeling for her pulse. It was throbbing wildly.

Why Grace was doing this was partially answered. It turned her on. Hell, it turned us both on.

"Do you like it when I tell you what to do?" I asked hoarsely. She nodded, but when she didn't respond verbally, I commanded, "Tell me."

"Yes, Noah, in the bedroom."

The addition of "in the bedroom" made it clear that if I were to be in control, it would be here only-and because she allowed it. I got it.

"Since when?" I asked. I'd been Grace's first. Her only. It was a gift that I'd never thought I'd have the privilege of receiving, and in truth, I didn't deserve it. I'd left her alone for two years while I tried to find myself. It was a miracle that I'd come back to her and found her not only untouched but still in love with me.

"Since always." I thought back to our previous encounters. They were exciting and full of physical rawness and yeah, I might have told her a few times to bite me or to take off her shirt or to ride me harder, but I'd never in a million years extrapolated that I might like to be in control at all times. I'd spanked her lightly the other night, but liking a few swats on the ass didn't mean a girl liked being dominated in the bedroom.

"Undress," I said, testing her, not sure what either of us would like. When she started to stand, I said, "Wait." She returned to her knees. I went over to turn on the lamp next to the bed, and I switched off the overhead light. I sat down in the chair in front of the fireplace, the same one we had sat in that afternoon. I turned it so it faced the bed and not the fireplace. "Okay, now."

She stood in one easy movement in front of me. I could tell she was nervous by the way she shifted her balance slightly and hesitated when removing her clothes. I wondered what I could do to make it easier for her, and then I remembered. My being in control turned her on.

"Start with your shirt. Go slow." It was the right thing to say. She pulled the hem of her blouse up and over her head. Underneath, she wore a baby-blue, lace-and-satin bra. I decided she would keep it on for now. "The skirt now."

She'd shucked her tights earlier, when we were in her room, and wore only a forest-green mini skirt. It was scratchy when I touched it earlier. One little zip release, and it fell to the ground. She stood in front of me in her panties and bra, and there was hardly a more beautiful sight.

"Come here," I gestured toward my lap. When she sat down, I positioned her away from my aching dick. I wasn't ready for a touch of her hand yet. "Spread your legs."

I slid one hand up her thigh and felt the wetness soaking through her panties. "How long have you been wet?" I asked, rubbing the cloth against her center.

"Since I knelt on the ground."

I slipped a finger underneath the cotton and felt the tender flesh of her folds, the stiff nub of her clit, and the wetness of her p**sy. It took an enormous amount of self-control to not flip her onto the ground and press my face between her legs until I'd lapped up all of her arousal.

Instead, I dug the fingers of one hand into the side of the chair while I allowed myself to pleasure her with my hand. I slid two fingers inside her and was rewarded by the hot sleeve of her squeezing me tight. I couldn't wait until I was seated fully between her legs. But she'd started this game, and I wanted to see how long I could spool it out.

While my long fingers thrust inside her in a slow and lazy rhythm, my thumb strummed across her clit. I brought my other hand up to turn her face to mine. "Kiss me," I demanded.

Her open mouth met mine. The wet, sweet suck of her mouth on my tongue matched the pull of her cunt. I allowed this for a few seconds and then I thrust my tongue into her mouth, licking her teeth and lips. We ate at each other as if we hadn't been fed in a month. Or as if we hadn't had sex for an age, when in truth, we'd f**ked each other blind just the night before.

Sex turned virginal Grace into an animal, and sometimes I wondered if all the exercise, training, and workouts I did were just so that I could keep up and pleasure her in bed.

Her h*ps rose to meet the thrusts of my hands. "You have to tell me I can come," she panted out. I almost quit moving. I owned her orgasms? She wasn't allowed to come unless I told her she could? This made me nearly want to cry with the pleasure of it. And it made me want to see how long she could hold it in.

"Then you can't come," I told her. "Not until I tell you to."

I didn't want her to come on my hand, but in my mouth or around my cock. I hadn't decided yet. "We've just begun," I whispered against her mouth. I felt her lips curve up and her p**sy tighten hard around my fingers.

"Just a little one?" she begged prettily. I didn't know much about this game, but I guessed I shouldn't be giving in. Anything worth having took work, and anticipation was only going to make this better.

"No." I pulled my fingers from the wet grip of her body. Wiping my fingers on my t-shirt, I unhooked the front clasp of her pretty bra. "I wouldn't want to rip this," I lied. I actually loved ripping Grace's underwear off, but I realized after about the fourth time that it wasn't very frugal of me.

Grace struggled with the satin straps, her arms behind her, pushing her br**sts out in lush invitation. "Turn around," I ordered. Grace did as I bid without hesitation. The satin dangling off her shoulders gave me another idea. I grabbed the satin and wound it around her hands, tying her wrists together at the small of her back. She'd easily be able to escape the tie if she wanted to, but the way she held her arms back told me she wouldn't.

Hands on her hips, I moved her to face me again. She looked amazing standing there, completely unashamed of her body in the lamplight. And she shouldn't be ashamed, because her body was gorgeous. I loved every curve, every valley. Her plump br**sts dangled in front of me, the heavy weight of them unimpeded by any straps or wires.

Sliding a hand between her legs, I tested her arousal. Wet, very wet. My fingers were coated with her honey, and I brought them to my mouth and licked off every drop. The action brought forth a whimper, and Grace swayed toward me. I kept one hand tight on her hip to stay her motion.

I wasn't sure what I wanted to do next. It was as if I were at the best buffet ever, one that held all my favorites, and I just didn't know where to start.

"I'm not sure if I want to suck your n**ples or your little p**sy, Grace."

She moaned again. "Anything you want."

God. Damn.

"I'm going to suck your p**sy then, because you are going to drip on this expensive carpet if I don't clean you up. Bend over the bed."

Grace silently moved into the position I asked. The bed in here wasn't as high, so her knees were slightly bent, but her ass was pointing straight up to the sky. I wanted to spank it again, make it rosy with my hand. I remained dressed, too afraid that if I disrobed I'd be inside her so fast that neither of us would appreciate the orgasm.

My jeans must've felt rough against the tender skin of her thighs but Grace never voiced a protest. I leaned my body over hers so I could hear her. "You with me, baby?"

"Right there," she said.

"You aren't panting, so I don't think you're turned on enough for me." I patted her ass as I spoke. "I don't think you want it bad enough."

"I do, Noah, I do," she said and then her words were cut off as I slid a finger around the tight pucker of her ass and then down farther to her sweet p**sy.

"You need to spread your legs, then, and show me how much you want it."

Grace pushed her heels outward, exposing more of her sex to my hungry gaze. "That's right," I encouraged. "Farther."

"But I can't-" she started.

"If you don't want to do this, Grace, just say the word." I made my voice hard and indifferent.

"No, no," she protested and then widened her stance so far that she stood on her tiptoes.

"Good girl," I said approvingly. Kneeling between her legs, I started licking in long slow strokes from the front of her p**sy lips to the back, right below her pucker. Each time I made sure I flicked her clitoris with my tongue. Her thighs began to shake, either from the effort of holding herself up or from arousal or both. The tremors were my signal, and I took it. Pushing her ass up with one hand, I slid two fingers into her channel. Then, realizing my fingers would be in the way of eating her out, I turned around and sat on my ass, my back to the bed.

"Your p**sy is so beautiful," I told her. "I wish you could see it. Your lips are plump and your little cl*t is sticking its head out, begging to be sucked on. Let's give that little f**ker what it wants, hmmm?" I didn't wait for her response. Sucking the cl*t into my mouth, I thrust my middle fingers in and out, each time stroking her forbidden little rosette with my pinky finger. Her h*ps bucked against my mouth but with my palm pressing against her ass, she was pinned more securely than a butterfly.

"Can I come?" I heard her gasp out above me. "Please."

The pleading note sent an illicit thrill down my spine.

"Not yet." I wasn't done yet. She tasted too good. I wanted to suck her arousal down until all I would ever taste was her in my mouth. My mouth and fingers worked her hard, and I felt her ass cheeks tighten and her thighs harden as the beginnings of her orgasm started spiraling.

"Please, please," she begged. I couldn't resist her pleas.

"Yes, baby, come for me."

My words were like the starting gun at a race. She started spasming inside and out, her juice running down my chin as I ate her like she was my last meal. I kept at her while her whole body shook above me. Her legs tightened and then collapsed into jelly like she couldn't hold herself up, and I let her slide into my lap. As her head dropped onto my shoulder, I noticed she hadn't once moved her hands.

"Oh Grace, I love you so much." I stroked her long hair and cuddled her close as she tried to catch her breath.

"I love you too, Noah. You're all that I'll ever want or need in this life or the next."

A surge of lust and love propelled me upward. I disrobed quickly and tore the makeshift binding away. Lifting Grace onto the bed, I knelt over her. "I'll always be yours."

"And you'll always be enough," Grace replied, lifting her hand to stroke my face. I bent down and kissed her. Her lips parted, and I felt like she was giving me a benediction. In her arms, I felt wanted and loved and necessary. I couldn't ever lose her.

The erection I'd ignored was pushing insistently against Grace's hip. I was so hard that I actually ached. Real pain was throbbing because my dick wanted inside Grace so badly.

Somehow she knew. She always knew. "May I touch you," she asked diffidently.

"God yes, please." I dragged her hand down to my c*ck and closed it around my member. I was surprised I didn't break off in her hand, it was that hard.

"May I kiss it?" she asked, and I realized I should be taking charge. That I wanted to take charge. Pushing myself against the headboard, I ordered her to get between my legs. "On your knees. I want you to suck my cock."

She didn't move right away. "Grace," I told her sternly. "Don't make me repeat myself." Under the curtain of her hair, I could see her slight smile. More confident now, I leaned over and slapped her ass. "Move it."

She finally moved, shuffling down toward the bottom of the bed. I slid my feet back so my knees were pointing upward and outward. When Grace was situated between my knees, I unzipped my pants and pulled my dick out, holding it for her. Looking at me with a shy smile, Grace waited for further direction.

Oh God. She was going to kill me. "Lick him, base to tip, and then suck him into your mouth."

Grace did exactly as I told her, and my eyes to rolled into the back of my head. The wet suction of her mouth felt so glorious I briefly thought angels were singing in our bedroom. Pulling her hair up, away from her face, I enjoyed the sight of her hollowed cheeks as she sucked. The sensation of her tongue coupled with the sight made my balls tighten. It was too soon to shoot my load. I had to be inside her.

"Stop now." I pulled her up, ignoring her protests. "I have to get my dick inside your p**sy or I'll die." I'd learn more about control and submission and dominance later. Right now I wanted Grace on top of me, riding me until we were both stupid from orgasming so hard.

Quickly I disposed of my clothes, pulled out a condom from the nightstand and sheathed myself. Positioning Grace over my cock, I slid inside her. She was wet, both from my tonguing her earlier and from her blowing me. "You're so wet and tight it makes me want to come from the first stroke."

Grace's response was to moan out her satisfaction and tighten her muscles around my cock. So good. So damn good. I pulled my legs up behind her and pushed her to rest her back against them. "Ride me," I ordered. "Ride me hard."

Her hands fluttered in the air as she looked for leverage. Clasping them in mine, I pushed up against her in a furious rhythm. With our palms pressed together, she met every upstroke of mine with a fierce downstroke of her own.

"This is the only thing that matters," Grace gasped out. "I only want you."

Her words sunk deep into my skin, soaking into my hungry heart. "You too, baby, you're all I want or need."

"Make me come," Grace cried.

Flipping us both over in one swift move and without removing myself from her, I laid Grace on her back. Pushing up her legs, I thrust into her in long, deep strokes. Her fingers dug into my forearms and she urged me on. "Faster, Noah."

I raised on my tiptoes so that I could press against her cl*t every time I thrusted into her. The extra pressure was enough, and she began coming, her inner walls squeezing me hard until I couldn't hold off one more second. With a shout, I came so hard I feared I broke the condom.

We both lay panting afterwards. Grace was so right. I needed a little control in the bedroom because so much of the outside world was spinning off its axis. In here, though, I could be in charge and even better, I'd learned that a little bossiness in bed made Grace wetter than the bottom of Lake Michigan. Gathering Grace's exhausted body into my arms, I flipped the covers over us and fell into the first dreamless sleep since forever.

WHEN I AWOKE THE NEXT morning, Grace was gone. Usually I was the one who was awake and out of bed first. I liked to run early in the morning, and it was the one opportunity for Bo and me to have uninterrupted time together. It seemed that every minute of my day was taken up by my various responsibilities.

Something was going to have to give at some point or another. I think I knew that I couldn't keep up this pace. Winning this fight in two weeks would go a long way towards assuring the future I wanted to have with Grace. It was a high-profile fight, and if I won, I could move up to headline my own card and gain sponsors-bigger sponsors than the ones I had.

It was all coming together, but a lot of it hinged on this one event. But if you threw the fight, you would have a lot more time to spend with Grace, an insidious little voice murmured.

I threw myself out of the bed and went out to look for Grace. I wandered around a bit until I found her bedroom, but no one was there and it looked as pristine as when we'd left it last night. I didn't feel comfortable interrupting her cousin, who slept across the hall. I went back to the room, got my phone, and texted her.

I wondered if Grace really understood the ludicrousness of the situation. That I would have to text her in order to find out where in this house she was.

Looking for you.

No answer.

I checked my watch. It was oh seven hundred. That was fairly late for me. I'd slept like the dead after last night's adventure. Grace had worn me out. A glance out of the floor-to-ceiling windows framed a still figure with long, light brown hair. I ran upstairs and picked up the small velvet box that I'd chosen a week ago. Tucking it inside my jeans pocket, I let myself out of the house where I tracked the figure down to a small strip of sand that couldn't really be called a beach. Despite the bitter cold, the waves of Lake Michigan still rose and fell against the surf.

"How come it doesn't freeze?"

"In grade school, they said that the wind and waves and some kind of reservoir of heat in the lake prevents it from freezing entirely." She pointed to some small frozen spots near the shoreline. "When it gets cold enough, some of the harbors and the shallower water will be frozen over."

"I missed you this morning." I folded my arms around her, her puffy coat preventing me from actually feeling anything but solid mass underneath.

"Mmmm."

"Were you worried your mom was going to find you or something?"

"Not really," she admitted, still not looking at me.

"What happened last night, Grace?"

"Didn't you like it?"

Like was a tame word. Like is what I used for a good run or a solid hit. Like isn't how I would've described what went on in our bedroom last night.

"Yeah, I liked it a lot. I just..." And now maybe I could see why Grace was up and out of the bed before I could wake up. "I was surprised, that's all. Where'd you get the idea for that?"

Grace wasn't sexually experienced. She may have done other things with other guys over the years I wasn't with her, but she hadn't had sex with them. Of course there were dozens of ways she could have touched them or been touched. I didn't like thinking about even one of them.

"In my head," she said quietly. Then tucked her head down into her jacket like a turtle.

"Are you embarrassed?" I was astonished. I turned her around to look at me, but all I could see were her eyes peeping out between the stand-up collar of her jacket and the lowered cuff of her knit stocking cap. My own ears burned in the wind and reminded me that I'd come out here with just my coat and no hat.

"Not exactly," she said. Then she tucked her head into her jacket and released a tiny puff of breath. "Okay, yes, a little."

"God, why? Last night blew my mind," I admitted and then had the horrible thought that maybe I'd hurt her. "Did I do something wrong?"

"No!" She hurried to reassure me. "I just...it's embarrassing, and I thought maybe I'd forced you to do something with me that you... Well, do you think differently of me now?"

I shook my head, not quite understanding her. "Are you saying that you think that because you had a fantasy of me telling you what to do in the bedroom that somehow I'm going to be turned off?"

She shook her head, and this time I could see the expression in her eyes read miserable. I drug her to my chest and hugged her, wishing we were inside and without the fifteen layers of fabric, down, and feathers between us.

"I'm glad you said something, took the initiative. If you hadn't then I'd never have known."

"You liked it, right?" she asked quietly.

"Yeah, almost too much."

"Why?"

"Because all I'll be able to think of for the rest of my life is you sitting there on your knees, your palms up. In fact, I think you'll have to keep your neck covered, because if I see it bent down, I'm going to get hard. That's going to be tough for me in everyday activities."

This made her laugh as I'd hoped. "Where'd you get the idea, though?"

"In a book," she admitted. "Or books."

"Like a sex book?" I couldn't really see Grace sitting in the Central College library looking through books on sex. What section would that be in anyway? Psychology?

"No," she huffed, "like a romance book."

"Wait, there are books out there with that kind of sex in them?"

"Yes."

"Do you fantasize about the other guys in the story?"

"No, I fantasize about you and me doing the stuff in the story."

"You have more fantasies?" She'd said fantasies. Plural. I was getting dizzy with excitement and had to rein myself before I abandoned my goal here and just ran back to the house with Grace in my arms.

"How do you think I spent all those years in between letters?"

"Like how many fantasies?"

"You have no idea."

Maybe not, but before the end of our mini vacation, I'd be applying every ounce of persuasion I had in me to learn as many as I could.

"We didn't use a condom the other night," I told her.

"I know," she said. "Lana and I went to the health center and got a pill."

"Thanks for taking care of that." I rubbed her puffy arms and wondered if she could sense my mounting nervousness. "But I'd have been okay if you hadn't done anything."

"Really?" She cocked her head to the side in surprise. "You think we're ready for that?"

"Maybe not, but I know that the day you have my kid, Grace, will be one of the best days of my life," I confessed. Dropping to one knee, I pulled out the box. "If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to spend a moment without you. Will you marry me?"

Grace gasped and her mouth formed a perfect oval. Then she sprung into my arms and pressed soft kisses over every inch of my face. My smile was so large I figured they could see it from Michigan.

"Is that a yes?"

"You proposed to me while quoting Winnie the Pooh?" She laughed, but there were tears in her eyes. "I couldn't say no to those lines."

I set Grace on my knee and popped the box open. Inside the white satin nestled a simple two-carat, round, brilliant-cut diamond in a platinum setting. Plucking it out with shaking fingers, I slid the ring onto Grace's left hand. "We're forever now."

"As if I was going to let you go," she whispered. I had to kiss her then, and I didn't want to stop. I framed her cold cheeks between my hands and pressed my lips against hers, softly at first and then, because we couldn't touch each other without the fire of desire flaming bright, our kisses became urgent and frenzied until she wisely broke the kiss before I threw her down and gave the entire shoreline a real show.

"I love you, Noah Jackson, just the way you are."

"I love you too, Grace. They aren't just lines, you know. Someone's just better at writing out my feelings than I am."

"No personal vows then?" Grace ribbed me.

"I'm a traditional kind of guy." I picked her up and carried her toward the house. "Besides, I know now how much you like the word 'obey.'"

"In the bedroom, Noah," Grace cried thumping me on the back. I laughed loudly and ran faster. In the bedroom for sure.

Grace

NOAH SPENT THE REST OF the day working out and watching tape. This upcoming fight was so important to him, and I'd promised him plenty of uninterrupted time to train and study his opponent. Thankfully, we had a first-rate work out facility in the basement that had been kitted out by Josh.

His trainer, Paulie, had apparently been furious when Noah told him what he was planning to do. I hadn't heard the first confrontation, which Noah had had down at the gym, but I heard several subsequent ones on the phone. Paulie wanted Noah to quit everything and just train, but Noah was adamant that he'd finish school. But the yogurt shop that Noah had bought, well, that was something both Paulie and I agreed was an unnecessary distraction.

I'd enlisted Lana for some help, and quietly we'd found Noah a manager. He was a young man who'd come from a bad situation but was eager to work. I suggested Noah hire him, and now he's a part-time manager. Well, that's the title Lana and I made for him. Noah's ability to delegate was a work in progress.

It's hard to figure out how Noah can't see how controlling he is. Not having had sex before Noah made me insanely curious, and now I was able to try out basically anything I'd ever fantasized about with a man who could carry it out. But he seemed awkward at first last night, and no matter how much we'd both been swept away by the experience, I couldn't help but lie there wondering if I had revealed something that he wouldn't like.

In some ways, despite the fact we'd written to each other for four years, our relationship was so new that we'd barely had time to really settle in and achieve the comfort most couples had.

I wished I could tell Noah that I just wanted to be with him and that all the other stuff he thought was so necessary to my happiness was unnecessary-and that he would listen to me. So long as we were together, that was all that truly mattered.

"Joshie!" Lana's cry of greeting had me leaping from my chair in the sunroom where I'd been reading those books that contained a fount of ideas for Noah and me.

"Josh!" I ran to kitchen where Josh had dropped his bag and was hugging Lana. I jumped on top of them both, and we shared a Sullivan family embrace. Josh kissed the top of my head.

"How's it going, baby sis?"

"Better that you're here."

"Everything's better when I'm around," Josh jokingly bragged. "What's this?" He picked up my hand. "I wasn't even asked about this!" Josh looked a bit put out, but I think he was joking. I hoped he was joking.

"Just happened this morning," I replied. My face was aching from the nonstop smile on my face.

Josh took in my smile and gave me another hug. "You happy then?"

"I am so happy," I whispered and squeezed him back. With a final hug, Josh let me go.

"Daniel, you're looking spry. How's your family?" Josh gave Daniel a hug too, picking him up off the ground by half an inch. Daniel softened slightly and allowed himself one pat of Josh's back.

"Very well, thank you for asking, Joshua," Daniel responded, tugging a little on the bottom of his suit jacket, which had gotten slightly rumpled from Josh's vigorous welcome.

Josh grabbed his bag and headed for his room with Lana and me trailing behind. We met Noah coming down the stairs. He must've heard the commotion. This was Noah and Josh's first meeting. My breath caught as the two alpha males eyed each other, but my brother was one for making friends and not enemies. He charged up the rest of the stairs and grabbed Noah's hand, pulling it close to him, and then thumped him on the back.

"So you joining the circus here?" Josh asked. He let Noah go and proceeded down the hall to his bedroom. We followed him like baby ducklings, Noah in the lead.

"As long as Grace is willing to suffer my presence, I'm here," Noah replied.

I let out the breath I didn't realize I was holding. Josh's big grin broke out, and he patted Noah again on the back. "Good man. Grace's got a good head on her shoulders, but you know, you hurt her, and I'm gonna have to take you down. Doesn't matter that you fight professionally." Josh threw his gear onto two of the gaming chairs that sat in front of a plasma television with several consoles attached to it.

"Oh God, Josh," I groaned and covered my hand.

Unoffended, Josh just shrugged and Lana said, "You better make the same threats when I bring someone home."

"No worries, cuz, I'll beat down anyone that hurts my girls." Josh gestured to the second chair. "Sit, Noah, and let's see how good you are at running over people in Grand Theft Auto."

Noah sat down. "I completely agree. You should end me if I hurt Grace."

Not taking his eyes off the screen, Josh replied, "Sounds like you bagged a stand-up guy, Grace."

"I lured him to shore with promises of steak and Xbox games," I responded dryly.

"Works for me," Josh said. He rubbed his belly. "You got some of that steak left over?"

Lana slid off Josh's bed. "Come on, Grace. Let the boys have their bonding time." We were heading out when Lana called back, "Don't forget about the Stinson party."

"Not going," Josh yelled back.

"I heard that Bethany and Elizabeth Walsh will be there," Lana said.

"We'll be ready," called Josh. As we were leaving, I heard Josh explain to Noah. "Twins. Dumb, busty twins."

"Gotcha," Noah said.

After closing the door behind us, I said, "I wasn't going to go to the Stinson party. Noah needs his sleep."

"You guys can't f**k all the time," Lana replied.

My cheeks felt hot. "Th-that's not why I thought we should stay home." I stammered. I mean, of course I wanted to have sex again. Just imagining Noah's low voice commanding me to do things made me wet between my legs.

"That good, huh?" Lana eyed me speculatively. I had the urge to cover myself so that I could hide any visible signs of arousal.

"Yes," I admitted. "So good."

Lana made a face. "I'm pretty jealous, so don't rub it in, okay? I need you to hang with me at the Stinson party. I think some of those biddies know that Peter cheated on me."

"Okay, honey, I'm there for you." I hugged Lana, feeling the frailness of her body against my plusher one. All my attention had been focused on Noah of late, and I'd neglected my friendship with Lana. One party wasn't going to hurt.

FOUR

Noah

I SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN THERE. I should have been sleeping, training, looking at tape. I should've been anywhere but at the house of some rich kid where the guys were wearing thousand-dollar shoes and the women were wearing cocktail dresses with sequins, and I felt like I was in an episode of Mad Men. Of course, I'd be serving.

This was a holiday party, and I guess people who weren't me liked to dress up. I tended to avoid all formal events if possible, like the Marine Corps ball. I'd rather put my nuts in a freezer.

I hadn't even realized that real people held parties like this. There were people snorting coc**ne in the living room and there was no keg. I'd never been to a party with no keg. Instead, I had a glass tumbler filled with scotch that some yahoo had boasted was fifteen years old.

I was afraid to leave Grace alone for even a minute, not because I didn't think she could handle herself. Obviously she grew up in this and managed to come out unscathed, but because I was afraid for my own well-being. At least three women had propositioned me, in front of Grace no less. Like she wasn't even there. I was upset on her behalf, but she didn't say anything, and I didn't know what to do.

The party was in full swing when we arrived. I almost turned tail and fled when I stepped through the door. I'd rather face the current mixed martial art champion than the crowd inside this party. But these were Grace's friends from high school, and since she had no problem getting to know my friends, I shouldn't be sulking in the corner. I shouldn't-but I was.

"Come on, Grace," Lana tugged on her hand. "I need you."

Grace gave me a rueful half smile and allowed herself to be led off. I stood there with my fifteen-year-old scotch, wearing a pair of slacks and a white button-down shirt like I was a half-dressed businessman. Josh, who'd come in jeans and a t-shirt, had promised to get me a refill and be right back. That was five eternal minutes ago.

When I had been the poor kid from the wrong side of the tracks, I stood in the corner and I felt the same exact way right now. Like everyone was looking at me and seeing what a fraud I was. It made me want to come out swinging. Instead, I folded my arms and stood with my feet apart, glowering at everyone who came within two feet of me.

It didn't deter a five-foot-nothing chick who couldn't weigh even one hundred pounds. Her skinny legs looked like they were nothing but bones and skin. I wish girls would eat more these days. I loved Grace's curves. Her hips, her juicy ass, her rounded belly. Unfortunately, she thought she needed to lose weight. Her cousin, who had an eating disorder, lived with her, and it was a miracle when those two ate three solids a day. I felt like I was constantly encouraging one or both of them to eat.

The girl eying me reminded me of a praying mantis. Thin arms and thin legs stuck on a body. She smiled at me and the hint of sexual predation made me uncomfortable. I looked around for Grace to save me but she was nowhere to be seen.

"You're the fighter, right?" she asked. For a moment, I wanted to deny it, to tell her that I was security for the function even though there was none.

"Yeah," I gave her a short nod and hoped my brusque response would deter any more questions.

"I saw you fight."

This surprised me. "Really?"

"Yep, my boyfriend was a big fan. He was thrilled when they started showing them on national television instead of just through pay per view. But we watched your Thanksgiving fight. It was pretty awesome."

I knew that there was a contingent of MMA fans that were women, but most of them seemed more interested in sleeping with a fighter in hopes that we could drag them with us as we climbed to the top. This rich girl, however, wouldn't need someone like me. She'd have bankers, lawyers, and surgeons to choose from. I started to relax. "Thanks. It was a great opportunity for me."

"How long have you been fighting?"

"Only for a few years, although we had some mock matches when I was enlisted."

"A soldier?" she asked.

"No, Marine."

"That's right. I think I remembered that from the bio they ran on you before the fight." She was closer now, and I could smell her floral perfume. It wasn't as offensive as I first thought it was. I let my arms drop to my side and leaned against the wall a little.

"Most folks don't watch undercards." I had fought on the bottom of a three card match. My New Year's fight would be the second fight on the card. I was working my way up.

She gave a tiny shrug but even that movement caused the strap on her shoulder to slide over the side to dangle on her arm.

"What can I say? My ex-boyfriend was crazy like that." She gave me a small smile as if remembering her boyfriend was slightly painful. Another movement of her shoulder, and the strap slid lower. I stared at it, worried that it would drop lower still. Should I mention anything? Would Grace want to be told if her dress was slipping? I decided yes.

"Your dress." I gestured toward the strap that was now hanging loosely under her bicep.

"Um what?" She looked down and gave me a crooked smile. "Oops." Then she took her hand and it seemed like she pulled down the top of her dress. She wasn't wearing a bra and for a moment I saw a bare breast, the tip of a nipple before her hand covered it all and swept the errant strap back onto her shoulder. Was it an accident? I couldn't tell. Suddenly I was acutely aware of my surroundings. I was standing in a dark corner of a room of strangers. My girlfriend was elsewhere, and a girl I didn't know had bared her breast to me.

Panicked, I looked for Grace and then noticed Josh eyeing me from about five feet away.

"Josh." I lifted my glass to him. If Bo was here, he'd have swept away the woman in a heartbeat, but even from this distance I could see Josh measuring me. He wasn't weighing my worth based on what was in my pocket but how I was acting. I could tell that I wasn't coming in on the high end of the scale. "Sorry," I told the girl curtly. "I see someone I know." I brushed by her, pretending not to notice that her hand reached out to stay my departure.

"Took you a minute. Thought we were going to get blood on that white shirt of yours." Josh took a healthy swallow of his own drink but didn't hand over the refill he'd retrieved for me.

"I don't think Grace would like that."

"Grace wouldn't like a lot of things, including you enjoying a boob show from some twit who dissed her when they were juniors."

I grimaced. "I was just making conversation. She mentioned that her boyfriend was a fan."

"Doubtful." Josh finally handed over the second glass, and I tucked the empty underneath it. "Come on." Josh headed out the back toward a stone patio with heaters. Standing outside in the dead of winter without a coat on because there were enough heaters to keep us warm was some kind of luxury.

"You know, when Grace first started writing to you when she was fourteen, I thought it was cute. When she kept writing to you when she was sixteen, seventeen, and then eighteen, I figured it kept her away from the douchebags in school. But then you broke her heart." Josh looked ready to swing at me, and I was prepared to take it. My actions toward Grace after four years of devoted letter writing while I was deployed deserved at least one good throat punch.

"You're right," I said.

"Damn straight I'm right. But here's the thing. You came back and glued back the pieces, and I'm a happy camper so long as Grace is a happy camper. But if your attention is going to be distracted by every sweet piece that kisses up to you, then you should leave right now."

"I'm not interested in anyone but Grace, and I never will be," I said.

"What was that about in there?"

I looked back at the crowd. "That was me being unsure about how to act around here." I dragged a hand through my hair. "I feel about as comfortable here as knife-wielding assailant surrounded by armed gunman. I was making conversation with the only person who seemed willing to talk to me."

"You were in a dark corner. The only person willing to talk to you was someone who wanted to do something in the dark corner."

"I get that now."

"What if it had been Grace that had seen you and not me?" Josh challenged. "You gotta stop thinking about what all these people have that you don't have, because the only person who cares about that shit is you. Grace is always going to have money, and someday you might have more than her, but maybe not. If you're going to be measuring dick size based on the fat of your wallet, then you're always going to come up short. Is that how you want Grace to feel? Like you're measuring everyone's value based upon their net worth?"

"No!" I exclaimed. "That's not how I view Grace at all."

"But that's how you think Grace views you."

"I..." I started to make excuses for myself, but that's exactly how I'd been acting. I'd been feeling sorry for myself, thinking that Grace was going to leave me because I couldn't afford everything I thought she wanted.

My mind flashed a picture of her kneeling on the floor, her hands on her legs just waiting for me. When I was deployed, Grace had sent me a copy of The Odyssey by Homer. Odysseus was a warrior who got separated from his wife Penelope for years and years. He was distracted by sirens and set upon by monsters, but he eventually found his way back.

When he arrived at his home, he found the place overrun by suitors begging for Penelope's hand. But she'd refused them all, choosing to believe that her Odysseus would someday return. And he did.

Grace had waited for me, for years, and she was still waiting for me. She needed me to get my head out of my ass and stop whining like a little baby about everything she had that I didn't. Over and over she'd told me that I was all she wanted and that I was enough.

"Thanks, man," I squeezed Josh's shoulder tightly in appreciation. "You know we're going to be brothers-in-law, right?"

Josh snorted and downed the rest of his glass. "Figured. So you popped the question?"

"Should I have asked you first?" I didn't want to make an enemy out of Josh.

"Nope. Just make her happy. So not throwing the fight?" He wasn't looking at me when he dropped that bomb.

"Grace tells you everything?"

"Nope, this was all Lana. She wanted to know what we could do to help you out of the mess. Didn't know you wanted help."

"I won't lie and say I wasn't tempted," I admitted. "But Grace deserves better than someone who lies and cheats their way to the top. I want to be able to look her in the eye every morning, and I wouldn't have been able to do that if I took Billings up on the offer."

"So what's your plan of attack for Billings?"

"Report him." I rubbed the back of my neck. "I'll make it public and hope that others will come forward."

"And if they don't?"

"Then I guess I'll have to ask my wife to float me a loan for the extra tuition." I grimaced and hoped to hell it wouldn't come to that.

"It won't," Josh declared confidently.

"And you know this how?" I asked.

"Because Dr. Billings is a coward. You would know this if you weren't so close to the situation. You come forward, and he'll fold like a bad poker hand."

I thought of all that I knew of Billings. His poser status as a former military man. His seedy advances toward Lana. His inability to hold on to enough money to buy into the opportunity of a lifetime.

Josh was probably right. If I'd pressed harder in our initial meeting, Billings would have dropped it. No question.

"Hey you guys, what you doing out here?" Grace walked out onto the patio, the fullness of her black shimmery skirt swaying with each step.

"Shooting the shit, lil sis." Ruffling her hair, Josh bent down and dropped a kiss on the top of her head. "See ya." He disappeared inside.

Grace wrapped her arms around my waist and I hugged her close. "I love you, baby," I whispered.

"Love you back," she echoed.

"I'm going to win that fight for us."

My declaration was rewarded with a blinding smile. "Oh Noah, yay!"

"Why didn't you tell me that I was wrong for even thinking twice about Billings offer?"

Grace smoothed her hands across the planes of my chest muscles. "It was a decision only you could make, but I knew you'd make the right one."

"Did you?" I asked skeptically. "Because I wasn't even sure until a moment ago what direction I was going."

"No," Grace interrupted. "You knew. It just took some time for you to come to terms with it."

Tipping her chin with my finger, I stared into her eyes. "Your endless faith in me is overwhelming. I'm going to live each day so you don't regret even an ounce of that faith."

Grace smiled, and rose on her tiptoes to kiss me. "I believe you."

FIVE

Noah

THE FIGHT THAT BILLINGS WANTED me to throw never happened. Instead, on December 20th, just eleven days before the fight, Fred Flintstone's team had admitted that he wasn't going to make the cut. He had to lose the equivalent weight of a first grader in eleven days, and while he could starve himself to make weight, he'd be about as weak as the first grader.

"They got Abilene to take the fight if you agree to a catch weight of 210." Paulie sounded defeated. Eddie "The Mauler" Abilene was an experienced fighter with only a couple of losses. He weighed more than I did if he was asking for a catch weight agreement of 210. I fought at the light heavyweight level, which topped out at 205. Abilene's request to fight at a higher weight meant he probably weighed on the heavier side of 210. Abilene had more experience, weighed more, and would be the favorite.

I'd spent the last month training to fight a Fred Flintstone, who was more of a brawler. Abilene was a grappler, hence his nickname, "The Mauler." Different fighters with completely different techniques.

"You want to drop out?" Paulie asked.

"No." I didn't even have to think about it. "I want this fight, and if I have to face a guy above my weight class, my win will be all the more impressive."

"You could get injured," Paulie warned, but excitement danced around edges of his voice.

"I could die in a fiery crash tomorrow," I replied. Paulie promised to send me and Bo tapes. After explaining the situation to Grace, she responded by altering my diet slightly to increase my caloric intake. I didn't need to worry about making the cut. Now I needed a little more bulk.

Being the underdog on an undercard meant you stood in the ring while your opponent got announced. His entourage came first. If anyone was looking at you, and only a few were, they were likely looking to see if you felt weakness or dismay.

Paulie had instructed me to be active, to bounce around the ring like a pin ball. Restlessness equaled weakness, in my opinion. The mind game was as important as any other component of the fight. Tonight, when Eddie "the Mauler" Abilene came down his tunnel following his little entourage in his faux silk coat, I'd be waiting for him, arms at my side, face impassive like I just didn't care.

I wasn't going to show any kind of blood to this crowd, which could turn on me in an instant. Right now I had a slight edge with the crowd because I'd agreed to fight at the last minute with a guy above my weight class. I'd heard whispers in the locker room that I had to share with the other undercard fighters that I was crazy or desperate or both. I wasn't positive I was going to win this fight. It was the longest match of my career against my toughest opponent. I could just imagine what the announcers were saying to each other and to the television crowd.

"Marty, Noah "Warrior" Jackson is fresh meat for The Mauler. Can we expect a good fight, or do you think Jackson will tap out in the first round?"

I wouldn't tap out. Never had, never will. The Mauler would have to break me first. The goal, as I told Bo, was to last the five rounds and put up a good fight. If I managed that, I'd be invited back to another card. Another undercard, but I'd still be fighting for money.

When the bell rang, we went right at each other. It was clear from the start that I was the underdog, a serious one. The Mauler had moves I hadn't seen before until I watched them on tape. He'd been a champion of a different organization before he was folded into the big time. His expression was a mix of bored disdain and disbelief that he was fighting a rookie like me, but my show at Thanksgiving had been so good that the fans had clamored to see me fight again.

I landed a mid-level kick, trying to aim for the softer parts of Flint's body below the rib cage. Mauler flipped me, but I expected that and rolled onto my back and kicked up my knees into his legs. We were back on our feet and trading blows. He landed a right cross that smashed across my cheek and whipped my head around. A left uppercut from Mauler missed by a whisker. I staggered backward to the fence, my vision blurring for a second. I held him off with an elbow until the bell rang.

The second and third rounds were much of the same. I was able to land a few body blows and one fairly lucky elbow to Mauler's temple. But he'd driven me to the mat time and again. By the fourth round, I was so tired. So tired. Every inch of my body felt bruised, and my arms felt like Jello. I could hear Paulie yelling at me, but I couldn't figure out what he was saying. I swung out wildly, making some contact and trying to move enough not to be knocked out. Mauler draped his body around mine and we rested, our cheeks next to each other. We swayed in a grotesque version of a dance until the bell rang.

In the corner, I sat dazed. The cut man added a butterfly bandage to the cut above my eye, but I could feel the blood draining down my face. My left cheek was swollen. If I had to guess, I'd say I probably looked monstrous. I squinted across the Octagon to see how my opponent fared. He looked good. I'd bloodied his mouth and his cheek, but he still looked good and he was winning. Dammit, I knew he'd won at least three of those four rounds. My eye traveled back around the crowd and caught on Grace.

She looked amazing tonight. Her hair was Vegas-ed, she told me earlier, before I left for the locker room. It was big, and I couldn't wait to stick my hands in it when I f**ked her tonight. God, would I even be able to do that? Why wasn't she grimacing at my injuries? Instead I saw...encouragement and faith. She believed in me. Always, even when I doubted myself, Grace had always believed in me. She believed that I would succeed in anything I put my hand on, in whatever goal I wanted to achieve. She supported me, sitting there with her hands clasped and her eyes shining.

I didn't deserve her, but I had her nonetheless. Energy coursed through me. I took three deep breaths, inhaling the hope and belief she was sending my way. I wasn't tired. I was going to crush this guy. My once-weak arms felt like tensile rope. My legs firmed up and I stood, electrified by my newfound adrenaline.

Paulie was yelling again, but I didn't pay attention. Grace's face was just one big smile now. She gestured, a tiny crooking of her hands, like she wanted me to move forward. I moved toward the center of the Octagon. I saw what she was saying. Here was the pinnacle of my efforts. A New Year's Eve fight televised nationally. I spread out my arms and swung around. The crowd roared in response. Had they been cheering for Mauler before? It didn't matter, because as I slowly spun in a circle, the crowd in each section responded, jumping to their feet and chanting my name.

I'd have to subdue Mauler. I wasn't going to win on the cards. I'd have to win by submission. His jaw was hard, but not invincible, and his ribs, chest, and neck were vulnerable targets. When Mauler came out of his corner, he looked warily at me and glanced nervously at the crowd. He'd lost them, and I'd won them over in a second. Crowds were fickle. Fame was fleeting. The love I had from Grace was going to last forever. And this man was going down.

When Mauler came out at me, he rushed me with a flurry of punches as if to prove he still had gas in his engine. But even though he'd taken me in every round and I'd ended it on my back, I'd sucked a tremendous amount of energy out of him by getting back up each time. This round of punches was weak, and his execution was slow. I absorbed a few to the body and avoided a fierce uppercut that might have knocked me out. I allowed him to think the uppercut struck though and fell backward, allowing the man to fall between my legs.

Maybe he was truly exhausted, or it could have been surprise that I was still fighting. Maybe he didn't like my grin. But his attention shifted suddenly and the mental lapse was the one I'd been waiting for. I flipped my legs around so both were pushing his neck off to the right and pulled his arm straight to the left. I lifted my h*ps off the ground and stretched until I was almost straight as a plank. His neck and arm were stretched so hard in opposite directions that I briefly wondered if I would pull his tendons completely apart, but I didn't let up. I held on because this was it. If I didn't get him to submit, I'd lose this fight.

Our skin was sweaty, but I was iron and he was clay. I would not let go until someone came to pry my hands off. I turned my head and there was Grace, and once again I felt infused with power. I was the one in control here. I steered my ship and directed my own destiny. Life did not happen to me; I made it happen.

And then I felt it. A laxness in his resistance. The tapping of my shoulder. I swung my head around but didn't let up the pressure. The referee was saying something to me but the buzzing in my head prevented me from hearing him. There were others entering the ring and then they were pulling me off, literally dragging me to the side. I kicked out at first. My fight wasn't done. I needed to get him to submit. I tried to crawl forward, but first Paulie and then Bo were there, holding me back. Mauler lay on the ground, unmoving. I stared at him and then felt my arm go up and heard the roar of the crowd in response.

Through the haze of sweat and blood I realized it was the referee holding my arm up in the sign of victory. I'd won. I'd won. The announcer's voice rang out that it was Noah Jackson in the blue corner that had won by submission in the fifth round. Someone was helping Mauler to his feet. I noticed in detached observation that his arm hung awkwardly from his shoulder.

Paulie and Bo helped me toward the center of the ring. Bo stood behind me, his hand on the middle of my back, propping me upright. Without him, it's possible I would have collapsed on the ground. The ceremony of announcing the winner repeated itself with Mauler and me in the center. I reached out a heavy arm that felt like it was made of steel and wrapped a hand around his neck. Pulling him close to me, resting my forehead on his, I whispered, "Best fight of my life, man. Honored."

I thumped my chest in a sign of respect, and he lifted his non-injured arm to grasp my shoulder.

"Didn't think you belonged here yet, but I was wrong."

That was it. The following events were a jumble for me. They awarded me the belt, and Paulie held it up, parading it around the Octagon. I stood in the middle and Bo turned me like I was a marionette. I mumbled something into the microphone about how it was an honor to fight the Mauler and to be part of the organization. I managed to lift the belt one time on my own and thank the crowd for supporting the underdog. Realizing that I was about two seconds away from collapse, Paulie and Bo hustled me out of the ring and into the green room where a trainer and physician were present to greet us.

I grabbed Bo. "Get Grace."

He squeezed my hand and went off.

Grace

I SLUMPED BACK IN MY seat and leaned into Lana. We were both drained emotionally and physically from having watched the fight. I couldn't fathom what Noah was feeling.

"I think I'll go back to the training room now," I leaned over to whisper to Lana. After Noah's hand was raised in victory, I wanted to rush the metal cage and climb in with him, but I refrained. Noah and I were trying to keep a low profile for differing reasons. I didn't want to be the subject of Internet message board speculation, and Noah didn't want pictures of me spread around the web. He'd argued that a face could be photoshopped on top of a body and that he didn't want me out there as masturbatory material. His reasons were entirely valid.

But I was so anxious to see him and tell him how amazing I thought he was and how terrified for him and proud of him I was.

"How many of these fights can your heart take?" Lana joked. "I think I had about five heart attacks watching him. How can you be so serene during this?"

"I just believe it'll come out right, I guess." I shrugged, but I wasn't entirely unaffected during the fight. I could tell his energy was flagging in the third and fourth rounds and worried me that he didn't have enough resources left to fight it out in the fifth round. But I also knew that Noah drew inspiration off my belief in him, and I was determined that he'd always see my belief in his abilities first and foremost-even if I was dying of agony inside.

Ordinarily I'm no good at hiding my emotions. Lana has said that my face was more expressive than a vaudeville villain. And honestly, when I was watching Noah, I did believe that he would win each and every match. As long as I kept telling myself that, it was what showed on my face. The small nervous, scared, hurt part of my brain was shoved way in the back. I didn't want Noah to think that even for a moment I doubted he would succeed, and that meant repeating the maxim internally as well as verbally to anyone else who asked.

Lana looked at me pensively but just nodded.

Despite the long break between Noah's match and the headliner fight, many people lingered in the aisles, discussing how amazing the fight was and how Jackson had made his career with the Thanksgiving fight and then this one. They said they'd gotten their money's worth out of this fight, and it seemed like no one cared about the headlining act. The big break allowed for the patrons to get refreshments and for the crew to prep the cage again and make sure all the bodily fluids Noah and Mauler had expelled were cleaned up. I shuddered at the thought of what that canvas had absorbed.

Noah had been comped four seats in the fifth row. Lana and I and Bo used those seats along with another guy that the boys had known in the Marines. A few others from his unit were here, flown out by Bo as a surprise. If Noah was up to it, we'd have a celebration party in our suite and then head for Tempe and Josh's bowl game in the morning.

The crowd down on the floor where we were seated was mostly men, and mostly men in suits. There were a few women, and I thought I saw a couple of famous couples in the front row. Lana and I'd gotten more than one good look throughout the night. With our big hair and short dresses, I think we might have looked like we were high class escorts, but no guy dared say anything to us while Bo and Gray were there looking bad ass and formidable.

But now that they were gone, I could see a few of the men eyeing us and weighing how much we might've cost for the night. Too much for any of you to afford, I thought.

"Let's go," I said to Lana. She nodded and picked up her purse and we pushed past all the legs and torsos until we got to the end of the row. I saw Bo coming toward us, and he waved us forward. Noah was ready for us.

The guy in the last seat in the row didn't move his feet though. His legs were sprawled out, spread at the knees, and his hands were palm up in his lap. He had a shit-eating grin on his face. Lana gingerly stepped between his legs, all the while muttering a**hole under her breath. I was next, and because I felt like he was being a jerk, I didn't take care walking past him and instead dug the stiletto heel of my expensive shoes into the tip of his foot. He yelped and pushed me off, causing me to totter on my feet. "Cunt," he spat at me.

"Move next time," I suggested. I don't know why I was getting mouthy with him.

"Why should I move for some rent-a-date piece like you?"

"Honey, you couldn't afford me even if I was for sale." I turned to leave. Lana was rolling her eyes, and I saw Bo and Gray coming up right behind her looking none too happy.

"Anything wrong, Grace?" Bo called. I shook my head and started to walk down the aisle toward them when I felt myself get bumped again. Then a hand crept up the bottom of my skirt and touched my ass. I turned on the guy and before I could even think, I backhanded him across the face. The diamond engagement ring Noah had given me made a slice across his cheek that welled with blood.

"Ow, ow, ow, ow." I shook my hand. "That hurt."

"You cunt!" he swore and jumped to his feet. Bo was there before the guy could say one more word, and seconds later, Gray and a host of others were towering around us. The guy sat down abruptly. Bo had one hand on the attacker's chest and one hand on me. I wasn't entirely convinced that Bo was protecting me from the suited guy-he may have been protecting the suited guy from me.

"Let me see your hand," Bo commanded. I held it out and he grimaced at the swelling.

"No wonder you guys wear gloves," I joked. He poked me. "Ouch."

"Aggressive enough for you?" I smirked at Lana, who smirked right back.

"You're teaching me things!" she laughed. Bo hustled the two of us out of the crowd while the security dragged the suited guy away.

BO DRAGGED ME DOWN THE hall and shoved me inside the locker room before I could get into another brawl. I barely had time to look around before Noah had pulled me into his arms. His mouth was fastened on mine before I could draw another breath. Who needed air? I had Noah Jackson. As his lips moved ravenously against mine, thoughts of air and jerks in suits and even the fight were replaced with images of Noah taking me right here and now. I started climbing him like a tree.

When I felt him wince against me, the fight scene came back, and I immediately drew away. "Your face, Noah!" He tried to dodge my hands and come in for another kiss, but I wouldn't let him. "Stop. Let me look at you."

He stood there for a moment while I took an inventory of his injuries. A big cut across his eye had been glued together. There were bruises on both cheeks and his nose looked a little crooked on the end. He'd showered off the sweat and blood, but I could see bruises on his chest and stomach. I traced one finger over the dips of his ridged abdomen, stopping at the top of his towel, and he sucked in a breath.

"Oh no, did I hurt you?" I snatched my hand away, but Noah pulled it back against him.

"Baby, I'm so high on adrenaline right now, I can't feel pain anywhere except right here." He patted the tented towel. "I need you so bad." He scooped me against him, rucking up my skirt around my waist. Neither of us cared that we were likely ruining the delicate fabric, nor did we care when tiny pings sounded as sequins hit the floor, torn away by the rough caress of his hands. He carried me to a table barely stable enough to hold a paper cup and rested my butt on top of it.

"Gotta have you," he growled, his large, bruised hands fumbled with my panties. His fingers were swollen. I grabbed one of them and led him over to the lone bench in the room.

"If you want this, let me lead this one time," I said softly. Noah nodded eagerly. He sat down, and the action caused the towel to fall from his waist. His erection jutted up, red and engorged. I swallowed thickly at the thought of him inside me. Pulling down my panties, I laid them next to him.

Noah picked them up and pressed them to his face, inhaling the scent of me. Another time I would've been embarrassed, but right now, it turned me on. Every action he exerted showed me how much he wanted me. It was my turn now to show him how beloved he was.

Pushing my dress up to my waist, I climbed on top of Noah, placing a knee on either side of his hips. Before I could make the luscious descent onto his erection, Noah paused me with a hand around my waist. "You hot enough?" He slid a hand between my legs to test readiness. Shuddering, I gripped his shoulders as he stroked me lightly.

"Y-y-es," I choked out.

"Just checking." He sounded smug, but then I didn't I care what he was thinking because he cupped my butt with one hand and carefully lowered me onto him. We both groaned, the sound echoing in the empty room.

Noah pulled down the fabric of my bodice and my bra until one ripe, swollen nipple popped out. He bent down and latched on, sucking as much of my breast and nipple into his mouth. His unoccupied hand was busy lifting out the other breast until the scoop neck of my dress was shoved as far down as possible and both br**sts were exposed, pressed together by the constraints of the fabric.

"God f**king damn, look at this," Noah said worshipfully. He pressed his face into the deep valley between my br**sts and then began tonguing them all over, the tops, the v, and the n**ples.

His hands moved to my h*ps and started lifting me up and down on his hard member. He swiveled his h*ps slightly, pushing me up and then releasing me to slide down. I clenched him tightly so that I could feel every ridge and pulsing vein. The motion made Noah grit his teeth in an effort to not come.

Everything else from the uncomfortable bumps on the terry cloth towel to the hard wooden bench faded away as I lost myself in the sensation of Noah's touches all over my body. I took up the stroking motion, and he rubbed his swollen hands across my back, up to my shoulders, and down around my butt.

One hand crept to the front, and his thumb found my clit. A cry of intense pleasure rang out before I could stop it. Not wanting everyone and their cousin to hear us, I bit down on the fleshy pad of my hand, riding him faster and harder. His grunts and the sounds of our flesh meeting each other were mingled with the creaking of the wooden bench.

"You're everything to me, Grace," Noah moaned against my neck. I was too far gone to say anything. With his thick, stiff dick rubbing against the front walls of my vag**a and his thumb pressing against my clit, I shot off like a rocket, muffling my cries in my own hand. His own orgasm released right after mine, and I felt the hot jets of come coating me, which caused my own muscles to clamp down on him once more. He muffled the cries of his own satisfaction in my neck.

Knees weak, I collapsed against him. His arms came up like steel bands and locked me in place, and we rocked there silently for a few moments until I heard a knock on the door. "You guys should probably come out now," Bo called, humor evident in his words. Apparently our attempts at being quiet weren't very successful. Noah lifted me up and then set me back on the bench. He carefully wiped me off between my legs and then himself.

"We're going to get pregnant if we aren't more careful," I mumbled.

Noah stilled in the act of throwing the towel in the corner. "Or we could just wing it." His eyes glowed with a strong emotion that could've have been love or want or both.

"Or we could just wing it," I replied softly. His return smile was brilliant. We'd handle whatever life threw at us whether it was bad professors, bigger fighters, or even unplanned pregnancies-because our love was stronger than all of those foes.

We dressed and Noah slipped the Christmas present I'd given him over my shoulders, covering my damaged dress.

"Is this why you accepted the gift without a fight? You figured I'd be wearing it most of the time." I snuggled into the warmth, the scent of Noah surrounding me like an embrace.

He threw on his suit coat and pulled down the sleeves of his dress shirt so that the white cuffs just peeked out underneath the superfine wool. He looked utterly delicious.

"No, I accepted the gift because I'm done being a douche about the money thing." He grabbed the lapels of the winter coat between his fists and dragged me close to him. "I'm going to get used to being a kept man. I'll expect gifts regularly."

From another person, this statement would sound avaricious, but from Noah it was a sign of his acceptance, not just of me, but of everything that I came from. It was a sign of his true surrender to our love.

EPILOGUE

Noah

Many years later

OUR PLAN TO WING IT lasted only until Grace's senior year and that was kind of a minor miracle given how lackadaisical we were about birth control. Pills made her sick and I hated using a condom after being inside her without barriers. Some higher entity was probably protecting us from our own stupidity for a while. Professor Billings left Central after the spring semester following the New Year's fight. Lana and I had come forward and that opened a floodgate of student complaints. He was out before spring break hit.

I was glad that I graduated a year ahead of her because ironically I had more time after I was done with school. I'd sold my franchises to the manager Grace had hired for me. While they turned a profit, they weren't making enough passive money. My attention was better focused on my endorsement deals, my fighting, and my woman.

Between training and reading stock portfolios, I had time to walk a pregnant Grace to class and it was a good thing too because the rounder she got, the more easy she would cry. Everything tipped her off from commercials to greeting cards. One day on the way to class, she broke down because a squirrel was struggling with nuts. If I hadn't been there, I think she'd have spent the whole day collecting nuts for the animal. Her doctor explained that her newfound teariness was due to the excess of hormones in her system. But tears were the last thing on Grace's mind when she was birthing our first born, Nathan.

"I wish we were in the Octagon right now," Grace bit out between pants of breath.

Wiping a cool cloth over her brow, I tried to soothe here. "Shh, honey, don't talk. Just breathe." And then I panted like we'd be taught in class and smiled at her.

She whipped her hand around so fast, it was just a blur of motion and plucked the cloth out of my grip. Tossing it aside the room, she gave me a look that would have killed a platoon. "You pant at me one more time and the next thing that gets ripped away from your body is your dick." She ended the sentence with a high pitched scream of pain and then squeezed my fingers so tight I thought one of them might fall off.

My opponents in the cage had never inflicted as much pain as Grace did during Nathan's birth. But it was all worth it, even from Grace's point of view. So worth it she willingly had another kid. She'd never been sexier than when she was round and full our babies. We'd have had enough to field of baseball team if Grace hadn't had such a difficult time in labor. She was too important to lose and I made her promise we would stop after Nicholas.

Marriage was full of compromises, big ones and little ones. The big ones were agreeing not to have more kids. Little ones were me taking control of Grace, Josh, and Lana's trust funds when they turned twenty-five. That combined Bo's money and his girlfriend, AnnMarie's sharp mind, we formed Freedom Funds, a hedge fund that started out with ten million and grew to a billion dollars in a little over ten years.

I'd bought that house on the North Shore not too far away from where Grace grew up but ours was much smaller. That was another small compromise. Initially I wanted the biggest house with the biggest lawn and the biggest dock until she convinced me that no one was doubting the size of my dick anymore except, maybe, me. So we had a smaller house but my boat was still massive, as was my dick.

But with my family around me, I knew that even if I had only two cents to rub together, I'd still be a rich man. It wasn't the lack of money that made my life miserable growing up. It was the lack of love. My dad had lost his Grace and because of that, his whole outlook on life had been snuffed out and he hadn't been strong enough to pull himself together for his son.

Huffing a bit, Grace slid into the seat beside me. I tucked her under my shoulder and dropped a kiss on her forehead. "All set?" I asked.

She nodded, tears pooling in her eyes as the wedding march started. We stood together, hands clasped. Everyone else watched the bride walk down the aisle, but I looked at my two strong sons standing side by side at the altar. My heart nearly burst with pride at the sight of them and tears pricked my own eyes as I saw the love shining out of my eldest son's face as he watched his beloved come to him.

We'd never had a little girl of our own so Charlotte, Bo and AnnMarie's daughter, had become the girl of our hearts. And today, Charlotte would become a legal part of our family. It was worth shedding a few tears over.

Need more Noah and Grace? Read how they first fell in love in Undeclared. Even better, sign up for the Jen Frederick newsletter to read the love story of Charlotte and Nathan.

About Jen Frederick

Jen Frederick is the USA Today Bestselling author of The Woodlands and the Amazon #1 Romantic Suspense title, Last Hit, written in collaboration with Jessica Clare. Sign up for the newsletter to stay up to date on all your favorite characters at . You can also find her on Twitter @JenSFred or on Facebook at .

Read on for an excerpt from Unspoken, Book 2 in The Woodlands series. Unraveled, Book 3 in The Woodlands series will be released on January 20, 2014.

Unspoken Excerpt

Copyright 2013 by Jen Frederick

All rights reserved. No part of this excerpt may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author.

Chapter One

BO

"TAMPONS SLOWING YOU DOWN THIS morning?" I taunted the young businessman who'd volunteered to spar with me this morning. We'd been dancing around each other for the last five minutes. I wasn't here to carefully gauge the length of his reach or the power of his jab. I wanted him to hit me, and I wanted to hit him back.

My smear on his manhood worked better than a fist to his gut. He jerked out of whatever fantasy he was concocting of being the next king of the Octagon and rushed me. I waited, slid slightly to the side, and then kneed him in the ribs. As he was bending over from the impact, I brought up a left uppercut and then a right punch. He crumpled like a tin can at a recycling center.

As he lay face down at my feet, it occurred to me I'd made a big strategic error. My third of the morning. I was a slow learner. I looked up to see Noah Jackson shaking his head at me. Noah was my best friend, Marine battle buddy, and roommate. He knew me better than anyone else.

He knew the lightbulb had just gone off over my head. There would be no more hitting in the Spartan Gym today, which meant my hope for a good match was as sunk as the guy at my feet.

With a groan, yuppie number three rolled over. I pulled off a glove and offered him a hand up. He looked at it for a couple of heartbeats like I might punch him again. Christ, I wasn't a jackass. I didn't mind fighting dirty if the situation called for it, but I wasn't going to hit someone who was weaker than I was, who couldn't fight back. You got smacked around here at the Spartan Gym. That was the whole point.

At least that was why I was here. I woke up every morning with an itch under my skin. I could work out that irritation a couple of ways. My preferred method was fighting. But the downed businessman with the soft hands was my third opponent this morning and not one of them had laid a hand on me outside of a few glancing blows that slid off my protective headgear.

I pulled back my hand and walked over to the corner, shaking my head in disgust. Pauli Generoli, the owner of the gym, climbed into the ring and glared at me. I wasn't supposed to damage the merchandise. These rich guys were the way he paid for his gym and when they weren't given enough opportunity to feel like conquerors, they didn't want to come back. I ignored his summons to come over and jumped down off the platform. Noah was on the mats to the side, practicing some Brazilian jiu-jitsu moves.

Noah used to partner with me. Or actually, I sparred with him to ready him for a world of professional fighting. I wasn't allowed to do this anymore, as Noah had been invited to be part of the UFC, the officially sanctioned group of mixed martial arts fighters.

Paulie, who trained Noah, said I was too dangerous and undisciplined to fight Noah. I thought it was better for Noah to face down dangerous and unpredictable in the safety of a gym setting before facing it inside the Octagon, where the UFC fighters battled for fame and money, but I never voiced any opposition.

If it were anyone other than Noah, I wouldn't have kept quiet, but I wasn't going screw up Noah's opportunities here. Even if I wanted to because Noah could put a beatdown on me like none other, and we both felt better after. None of the other amateur fighters could get in enough blows to make a difference and my fight instinct was too strong to just stand there and take it.

I pushed open the door to the locker room, and the stifling smell of ball sweat and ass swept over me. Stripping out of my shorts and jock strap, I leaned into one of the two tiled shower stalls at the back to turn the water on. Paulie was not a generous owner. Complain about the cold water and he'd tell you it was called Spartan Gym for a f**king reason and that if we wanted some goddamned hot water we could go to the meatbars out west. Didn't seem like much of a difference these days, with the infiltration of yuppies thinking they could grow a bigger dick by putting on a pair of boxing gloves.

The cold water washed away what little sweat I'd generated, but the excess energy inside me still pulsed just under the surface. The tension I'd woken up with hadn't been pounded out of me, and I felt as agitated now as I had at the start of my workout. With all the good fighters off limits because I wasn't supposed to hurt anyone while they were training, I was left with few options.

I dried off quickly and pulled on my underwear.

Throwing my towel on the metal bench, I sat down and scrolled through my phone's contacts until I hit the right one.

Fight tonight? The response was immediate but disappointing. Too early in the week for an actual match.

Thursday. Casino. Real fight. Want in?

The reservations held the human version of cockfights because they weren't bound by state laws. This could be awesome or I could go home on a backboard. Either one looked good to me right now.

In.

The locker-room door creaked on its hinges as Noah pushed his way in.

"Already done for the morning?" I asked in surprise.

"Just wanted to put my two cents in," Noah said.

"How so?"

"Figure you're trying to set up some fight this week because this morning's rounds were so disappointing."

I just shrugged in return. I wasn't exaggerating about Noah's familiarity with my behavior. More than a decade of friendship and four years of military service deployed together to Afghanistan made us tighter than an ass in spandex.

"Look, I don't want to be the heavy, but one of these days you're going to come out of these fights a vegetable."

I scratched the back of my neck and took a deep breath to gather some patience. I didn't want to say something that would end up pissing us both off. "Okay, Grandma. You're one to talk."

"It's sort of a 'do as I say, not as I do' type of lecture," he admitted sheepishly.

"You have other suggestions?"

"Not really. Just be careful. I think the crew back in San Diego would spit on your hospital bed if you ended up in a coma after you'd come back hale and hearty from deployment."

He wasn't wrong. No one liked to hear the news about a brother who survived the war only to come home and get f**ked up in some random accident. It seemed pointless, a total waste of a good man, but I wouldn't ever put myself in the "good man" category. "Yeah, got it."

I stood and pulled the rest of my clothes from the locker. Jeans, ratty T-shirt, boots, and a heavy winter coat that weighed about ten pounds. I hated the cold. As I threw my clothes on the bench, the clink of metal sounded loud against the concrete floor.

Noah walked over and picked up the heavy coin that had fallen. "What do you think this guy would say about your fighting?"

The heavy coin with the emblem of the Medal of Honor stared up at me, almost as if it looked disappointed. Do the Corps proud, both in uniform and out.

I rubbed both hands over my face. "You're a dirty fighter, Noah Jackson." I snatched the coin from his hand and curled my fist around it until the rope-finished edges bit into my skin.

His response was to wrap his hand around my shoulder and squeeze it tight. "Semper Fi, brother."

AM

YOU'RE GOING TO REGRET NOT being in biology with me, I texted Ellie Martin, my best friend since kindergarten and now college roommate. We were taking the dreaded science elective that every other student took their freshman year, but Ellie and I'd managed to duck the requirement until our second year. Our advisor, Dr. Highsmith, told us to get it over with or he would drop us. I thought it was an empty threat, but we both loved him as our academic advisor-hideous sweaters, tendency to spit, and all. Dr. Highsmith was considered one of the foremost economic thinkers in the country, and his chair was endowed by some bigwig alum who credited his post-college success to theories that Dr. Highsmith taught. I planned to be the CEO of my own insurance company someday and endow my own chair. The AM West Chair of Economics. That had a nice ring to it.

You'll be the one with regrets when you have nightmares about flying monkeys.

Ellie had been afraid of tornadoes since she watched The Wizard of Oz when we were seven. She'd heard from someone that they watched storm chaser footage during biology class and she changed her science elective that same day. No amount of arguing with her about how biology had nothing to do with the weather could convince her otherwise, which was why I was walking into class by myself. I sent her a picture of the flying monkeys that I'd saved to my phone this morning for just such an occasion, grinning at her immediate curse in response. Getting the finger through text just has no power.

"You're gonna run into that stage."

My texting conversation with Ellie came to a halt at the softly drawled warning. About five inches from my shin was the front of the lecture stage in my Biology 101 class. The warning had saved me from sure embarrassment, but my cheeks heated anyway as I turned to see the person behind the voice. I'd an idea who it was, but I was two parts dismayed and two parts enthralled by the sight of him. Bo Randolph.

I knew of Beauregard Randolph. Everyone at Central did. Central College was one of the best liberal arts colleges in the nation, nestled in an urban area in the Midwest, but it was smaller than some city high schools. Gossip whispered at the start of morning classes at one end of campus was heard at the other by noon in the cafeteria. Or some version of the gossip, anyway.

I'd never envisioned attending any other college than Central, but one drunken party later and I wished for the anonymity of those public universities and their enormous student populations. So while I'd heard many rumors about Bo, I didn't know how many of them were true. The rumors about me-that I was a slutty girl who'd banged the entire lacrosse team-had only a grain of truth. I'd given up my virginity after one fraternity party to some lacrosse player, who then bragged about it to his teammates.

Somehow that one encounter became the entire team. Once a field bunny, always a field bunny. The lacrosse squad made it their goal to see that everyone believed I was fair game, prey to be chased down and taken at any opportunity. Sober, not sober. Willing, not willing. I wished there had been an informational sheet in my freshman welcome packet warning that hooking up with a lacrosse player resulted in social ruination.

The rumors about Bo ran the gamut from him being a professional fighter to having killed some guy on the east side of campus for looking at him wrong. Oh, and don't forget the women. Bo's name was linked to every sort of girl here at Central. It didn't matter if a girl was sporty, artsy, quiet, or popular, Bo seemed have hooked up with them all. Naturally, this only served to heighten Bo's reputation with both sexes. If you were a guy, your conquests made you a god. If you were a girl, you were the conquered, no better than a toy.

I'd sat directly behind him in Advanced Economy Theory last semester and spent months battling twin emotions of lust and resentment. Resentment because of the unfairness of how differently our actions painted us in the eyes of our classmates, and lust because Bo made it exciting to go to class. It wasn't because price discrimination was a fascinating topic or that economics was my actual major. No, the highlight of those days was staring at the interplay of muscles and skin and tendons when Bo wrote, stretched, or reached behind him to pull his backpack over his shoulder. He looked like the live model for a Rodin sculpture. Even the tinkling of what I assumed to be his dog tags striking each other when he moved generated a Pavlovian response of craving in me. About the only flaw I could see in Bo was his messy dirty blond hair, but even that just invited me to sink my fingers in it and smooth it down.

Ellie told me the only way to exorcise those conflicted feelings was to engage in a long bout of angry sex with Bo. But all I did was fantasize. Like most things I enjoyed about Central, my pleasure in Bo Randolph was taken surreptitiously and privately. Only Ellie knew.

"Miss, in the yellow sweater, if you'll sit down, I can start my lecture," the professor barked out.

I turned to look to the side to see if anyone else was standing, but Bo just shook his head sadly and leaned forward to whisper, "He's talking about you."

If my cheeks were hot before, it was nothing like the five-alarm fire blazing this time. Bo stood and waved me into the empty space beside him and I had no choice but to sit down. I rushed and tossed my messenger bag on the empty table space. If I had taken one second more, I could have moved down five seats or even farther before I bumped into another student, but in my panic I didn't notice.

None of these things were like me. I tried to draw as little attention to myself as possible on campus. I sat in the back of the classroom. I did not make a spectacle of myself in front of an entire classroom of one hundred students. I could only be grateful that these were freshmen and hope that whatever rumors swam through the college artery system about me couldn't be immediately attached to my rarely-seen face.

I pretended I wasn't sitting next to Bo, that I hadn't been called out by the professor, and that a hundred pairs of eyes weren't pinned on my back. Instead, I pulled out my laptop and opened my IM screen to ping Ellie. Humiliation had to be shared in order to be endured.

AM_1906: Bo Randolph is in my bio class.

Eggs_Martini: What? Why is he not in Rocks for Jocks?

AM_1906: Dunno.

Rocks for Jocks was Geology 101 and was so nicknamed because all the athletes took it to pad their GPAs. It was commonly known that Bio 101 was harder, but at least you avoided spitballs hurled across the room and suffocation from the smell of gym socks and sweaty jerseys.

Before I could reply to Ellie, the professor began telling us how a typhoon would swallow us up eventually or that the sea level would rise gradually, so that all the land would be eroded. Nice. I could see Bio 101 was going to be swell.

Out of the corner of my eye, I heard the rustling of paper and then the scratch of a cheap pen. Bo was a lefty, and he took notes the old-school way. By hand. With a pen and paper. Insane.

AM_1906: Good call on changing science class. Apparently we're all going to die soon. From a natural disaster.

Eggs_Martini: Escape now.

AM_1906: Like rocks for jocks will be better? You can die from a mudslide or avalanche or other geological disasters. Global warming, anyone?

Eggs_Martini: Rocks do not cause or are not related to global warming.

AM_1906: I'm pretty sure the class is more than about rocks.

Eggs_Martini: Clearly not or it wouldn't be rocks for jocks.

I was so intent on my IM conversation with Ellie, I hadn't noticed that Bo had angled himself to view my screen until I felt the brush of his arm against mine.

"Nosy much?" I hissed, turning the laptop away, my anger and surprise overcoming my initial nervousness.

"Sorry, couldn't resist," drawled Bo. The rumor about Bo being a southerner? True. His drawl was as recognizable as the shocking blue eyes he sported. They were so blue I wondered if they were fake. I stared at them for a moment too long, looking for the outline of a contact lens, but saw nothing but pure ocean blue, like the waves you see in the spring break pamphlets of the Caribbean Sea lapping against the white sand beaches. Who needed Cancun when you could stare at Bo Randolph's eyes for a week?

I wrenched my gaze away. Bo was the poster child for every disaster that female singers warbled about. He'd break your heart and do it smiling. Worse, he'd make you think you were better off for having your heart broken because it was done in by him.

"Why are you even here? Aren't you a senior?" I said, anger at myself making me sound peevish. At least I kept my voice low enough to avoid getting us in trouble. The professor was on the other end of the stage, making sure everyone in the room was sufficiently depressed with their dim prospects for survival.

"No, I'm a junior college transfer and I'll be a junior forever unless I get my science prerequisite out of the way," Bo said, unperturbed. His reportedly quick trigger was apparently not set off by snippy girls. "Why are you here? You seem like a responsible person who would've taken her science elective in her first year."

His gaze swept me like a scanning machine and I felt so thoroughly examined I wondered if he was planning to make a 3D model of me later. Probably wishful thinking, but it didn't stop a thrill from shooting up my spine at the thought of Bo pulling up a mental picture of me during a private moment.

"How do you know I'm not a first year?" I whispered.

He looked at me disbelievingly. "Because you were a sophomore when you sat behind me last semester in advanced economic theory, AnnMarie West." He emphasized my name. It was my turn to be disbelieving. I could not believe that he knew both my name and that I sat behind him in class last semester.

I didn't have a chance to respond because the professor had strolled back to our side of the auditorium and was instructing us on how to sign up for a lab partner.

"The TA will hand out sign-up sheets. If you know someone and have arranged to be their lab partner, please indicate that on the sheets. If you don't have one, one will be assigned for you at the end of the day, randomly. Thirty-five percent of your grade will depend on your lab work. Choose your partner wisely."

My heart sank into my feet. With Ellie in geology, I would be assigned to some random freshman. It could be some guy who would think he could make obscene passes at me because I was that girl, or a girl who thought I'd try to steal her man. This was part of the reason I'd put off my science requirement.

The teacher's assistant handed Bo, who was sitting at the end of our table, a sheet and he scribbled his name and another. I wondered who he was partnering with and why he wasn't sitting next to that person. I didn't know what to write down, given that I avoided all the other students and knew only a few names, none of whom were sitting in this room. But Bo didn't hand me the sheet when he was done. Instead, he leaned past me and laid it on the far side of the empty table, where another student grabbed it and started writing.

"Hey," I said, trying to reach for the paper, but Bo covered my hand and jerked his chin at the first-year to go ahead.

I rounded on Bo. "I didn't get to write my name down."

"You don't have to," Bo said, still holding my hand in his. His large hand made me feel tiny and fragile and, briefly, I allowed myself to enjoy the feeling of being protected, like Bo was the shell of my frail turtle body. I shook it off and reminded myself I had my own protective casing called self-reliance. I tugged gently, but he refused to let me go. "We're going to be lab partners."

"We? As in you and I?"

"That would be the correct composition of individuals making up the 'we' in my sentence."

"But..." I wasn't sure whether I was secretly indignant or relieved.

"You don't want to be stuck with a first-year. You're smart, given that you were in advanced theory last semester. You'll be a good lab partner."

"But are you a good lab partner for me? You're taking a first-year elective in your third year. You were in advanced economic theory with me, a sophomore."

Bo laughed but then grew serious. "Fair enough. Yes. I have good grades, and I never let a teammate down."

A tremor shot through me at Bo's words. I didn't have many people on my team, and this guy, this much-wanted guy, was suggesting he was going to stand beside me? It's for the class, I cautioned myself. But the part that crushed on Bo all last semester? That small, secret part was whispering things I knew I should not allow myself to believe. Like that Bo wanted to be on my team.

I looked down at my hand, still engulfed in Bo's, and knew that want was winning the battle against fear.

Sound of Snow

by

D.S. Linney

To D and S

I promise you can read this when you're older. Much older. Like in twenty years.

To Jen-thanks so much for your continual encouragement and faith. I can honestly say I would never have even attempted this if it wasn't for you!

And to Jess-thanks for letting me be a part of your adventure. It's been so much fun, and I've had a blast!

ONE

Boston, six months earlier

HE DIDN'T KNOW WHAT IT was about her that first caught his attention. She was pretty, but he'd seen more beautiful women. She definitely wasn't his type-if he had one. Elle had been the only woman for him for so long, it was hard for him to even think about other women appealing to him.

This woman looked nothing like Elle, however, although she was blond as well. But unlike Elle's light ash blond, she was more summery in coloring, with a coppery tinge to her golden hair. He still felt a sharp pang at the thought of Elle, even though it had been nearly four years since her death. But this woman...girl, really, something about her attracted him. Though it had happened so gradually he was almost surprised to realize what he felt.

She looked out of place in the elegant hotel lounge, although she was dressed appropriately enough. But despite the pretty blue dress she wore, she seemed ill-at-ease...until he started playing the piano. Then she seemed entranced by the music, and relaxed.

He liked to play here, in the hotel lounge. That was why he continued to stay at this particular hotel when he was in Boston-the management allowed him to play after the regular musicians' set ended. He didn't know why he wanted to play in this bar when he could barely even look at the piano at home. He just knew that playing here gave him respite from the painful memories that haunted him still.

The girl sat alone at a table near the piano. She had been nursing a drink-a vodka tonic, he guessed-for some time. Her golden red hair was cut short in a pixie haircut that suited her, framing her large blue eyes beautifully. Her eyes were stunning, probably her best feature-even from behind the piano he could see how rich and vibrant a blue they were. He'd never seen bluer eyes, in fact.

She didn't seem to be wearing much make-up and her fresh, natural beauty appealed to him. Her skin was peachy in tone, clear and smooth, and her mouth was wide with lips a soft, tempting pink. She had a curiously innocent air about her, which definitely set her apart from most girls her age.

He thought he was easily at least dozen years older than her, probably more. God knew he felt decades older. She couldn't be more than twenty-five, and he suspected she was most likely younger than that.

Perhaps that's what attracted his attention-she seemed like someone out of time, almost old-fashioned. Her dress was feminine and suited her, but quite modest by current trends. It was a classic silk wrap dress that hugged her figure without being overly tight, with elbow length sleeves. The neckline was deep enough to hint at her cl**vage, and the silk clung nicely to full, round br**sts. A delicate cross hung on a thin gold chain and rested in the hollow of her neck. She truly was lovely, like a breath of fresh air.

He hadn't been the only man to notice her-she'd been approached twice by men during the course of the evening. Both times they'd asked to join her at the table and chatted with her for a few minutes. She'd been perfectly polite, he could tell, but after a few minutes she seemed to make up her mind about something and both men had left. He wondered why she was in the bar-it really didn't seem like her kind of place.

He finished the last few notes of "Clair de lune" and let the sound linger in the air. He lifted his hands from the keys, not sure if he wanted to continue playing or call it a night, when he heard approaching footsteps. He looked up and stilled-it was the girl, she was walking towards him, a strangely purposeful look on her face.

She stopped when she reached the piano, lightly resting one hand on it. She took a deep breath and smiled at him, and he blinked, dazzled-her smile was luminous, transforming her from pretty to stunning.

"Hello," she said brightly. "You play marvelously, and I wanted to thank you for your music. Are you a professional? Er, professional pianist, that is?"

He could tell she was nervous, but her determined, forthright air rather charmed him. "Thank you, but no, I'm not a professional."

"Well, I think the world lost out on hearing you play. I heard you play last night as well-I was with a friend and we were both impressed with your skill. I actually came tonight hoping to hear you play again," she said.

He was surprised to hear that she had been here the previous night-he hadn't noticed her last night in the bar. He wondered if the friend she had been with was male or female. "You flatter me, but I'm really not that good. I just had a lot of lessons growing up." He didn't mention that he did train as a classical pianist until he rebelled in his teens.

"Oh, but you are!" she exclaimed. "But I don't want to embarrass you, so I'll stop with the compliments." She hesitated, took another deep breath and said, "Can I buy you a drink?"

She surprised him again-she really didn't seem like the type to chat up strange men in bars, and truthfully she seemed quite uncomfortable as she waited for his answer. He opened his mouth, ready to decline politely, when he heard himself say, "Yes, thank you, I would like that."

"Oh, wonderful!" she said happily and she really did seem sincere. He told himself that he was just curious about her, and it had been a long time since a woman had interested him enough to arouse his curiosity. It had nothing to do with her glorious smile or her remarkably beautiful blue eyes or her lissome, feminine curves...

They walked to the table where she'd been sitting, and a waitress came promptly over. The girl looked at him questioningly.

"I'll have a Glenlivet on the rocks," he told the waitress.

"And I'll have another vodka tonic," the girl added.

The waitress left with their orders and an awkward silence descended. Beneath the awkwardness, though, was a pulsing tension, an awareness of each other that was undeniably sexual. The tension started to become unbearable when the girl blurted, "So, are you from Boston?"

His lips quirked slightly. "No, I'm from New York. I'm here on business."

"Oh! Are you from the city? I've only visited New York City once but I'm hoping to see it again and do all the touristy things I haven't done yet, you know, like see the Statue of Liberty or the Empire State Building. But Boston is a wonderful city too, and I don't think I've seen all there is in Boston either. I'm from Boston, South Boston specifically. So what kind of business are you in? I'm Ria, by the way," she said.

He was saved from an immediate reply by the waitress who returned with their drinks. He was amused when she took a big gulp of her vodka tonic and then coughed a little as she swallowed. She was definitely very nervous and he found himself wanting to put her at ease.

"Hello, Ria, a pleasure to meet you. I'm Gabriel. I'm actually not from Manhattan though I'm very familiar with it. I live outside the city. I agree, Boston is a lovely city although I don't usually have much time to see the sights when I'm here-I'm usually in meetings most of the day." He deliberately didn't say what kind of business he was in. Call him cynical, but he didn't want her to realize how wealthy he was. He didn't think she'd approached him because she knew he had money, but why take the chance?

Ria listened to him attentively and then seemed to come to a decision. "I'm sorry if this seems abrupt, but are you married?"

Gabriel choked slightly on his scotch and needed a moment before he could respond. "Excuse me?" he finally said in a cool tone.

She flushed, but her eyes were steady as she met his gaze. "It's just that you're not wearing a ring, but I know many married men don't wear rings any longer, or they take them off, and it's not a reliable indicator. So that's why I asked."

"No, I'm not married-not now. My wife passed away a few years ago," he said, feeling the familiar wave of grief at the thought of Elle. He had finally taken his wedding band off on the third anniversary of her death and his hand still felt nak*d.

"Oh, I'm so sorry! That was so clumsy of me. It's just...I feel like so many men lie about their marital status, and I just wanted to be sure." She bit her lip and looked distraught.

Gabriel arched a brow. "Tell me, how do you know I didn't just lie to you?"

He had to admit he was finding himself enchanted with her. She was an intriguing mix of boldness and shyness. She obviously preferred the direct approach, but at the same time he had the distinct impression she had an ulterior motive for talking to him and it wasn't just to flirt-of which she had actually done very little. She had been sincere in her praise of his skill with the piano and there was nothing seductive about her manner.

She wasn't the first female to approach him by any means, but she was the first one he was actually interested in.

She grinned. "I know it seems silly, but I actually have a very good nose for lies. Put it down to my being raised by nuns."

"You were raised by nuns?" he asked, fascinated.

Perhaps that accounted for how different she seemed from other girls. He was entranced with how expressive her face was. He could read every emotion on her face as it flitted by. He absently wondered what passion would look like on her.

She nodded. "Yes, my parents died when I was eight so I spent a few years in a Catholic orphanage before being placed in foster homes."

She said it all matter-of-factly, without a hint of self-pity, but he still felt a wave of compassion.

"I'm sorry," he said softly, meaning it.

"No, it's all right. It was a long time ago. The nuns were very kind, and besides, it gave me a nose for lies," she said with a smile, tapping the side of her nose.

"So why did you want to know," he asked lightly, taking another sip of his scotch.

"Well, this is rather awkward, but I want to know if you'd like to sleep with me."

For the second time that night, Gabriel nearly choked on his drink. When he finally gained enough control to look at her, Ria was biting her lip, anxiety all over her face.

"Why?" he finally asked, careful to keep his voice neutral. He really was curious about how she would answer.

She seemed to realize how important her answer was to him, and hesitated before she said slowly, "The biggest reason is that I'm very attracted to you, and I want to have sex with you."

A blush rose in her cheeks at her bluntness, but her blue eyes met his directly and he was struck again by their sheer beauty and clarity. He felt as if he could see her soul in her eyes.

He nodded thoughtfully. He could finally admit to himself that he found her extremely attractive, and had from the moment he noticed her. He looked at her, at her bright hair and gorgeous eyes, the rosy flush on her creamy skin, the pink fullness of her mouth. He let his eyes trace the long, elegant neck and drop to the round, tempting curves of her br**sts before he met her eyes again, now darkened with sexual awareness.

A fierce wave of lust swept through him, and he barely restrained a shudder at its strength. He welcomed it-welcomed the pure animal nature of it, the blood rushing through his veins, his pulse pounding swiftly with hot anticipation. It had been so long...

"Yes," he said.

THE TRIP UP TO HIS room was silent and quick. They didn't touch in the elevator, but the tension was thick between them. He led the way to his room and switched on the light after opening the door.

After a moment's pause, she entered the room, looking around. It was actually a suite, and the bedroom was visible through the open connecting door. She glanced through it at the bed and quickly turned her attention to the sitting room instead.

"The view from your window must be amazing up here! Oh yes, there's the Charles River and I can see Cambridge as well. I hope you've been enjoying the view while you're here. And this is a really nice room, I'm really impressed with how nicely it's furnished, it doesn't seem like a hotel at all, more like someone's home, don't you think-"

He laid a finger on her lips and she instantly quieted. "Ria, I know you're nervous. We don't have to do this-if you've change your mind, I won't be upset."

Ria looked up at him, her eyes unreadable, but he could see some kind of conflict brewing in them. They suddenly cleared and instead of answering, she parted her lips and sucked his finger into her mouth.

He almost gasped at the bolt of lust that shot through him, straight to his groin. He could feel his c*ck surging and rising as she sucked steadily. Slowly, he thrust his finger back and forth, feeling it enclosed snugly in her hot, wet warmth.

He finally drew it out of her mouth and he raised his glistening finger to his own lips. Holding her gaze captive, he sucked her flavor off his finger. She was so sweet, yet there was an underlying musky spice to her taste and he knew he wanted more, much more.

Her eyes were now dark and glittering with desire, and her chest was rising and falling rapidly. Slowly, giving her time to resist and pull away, he stepped close to her until they were nearly touching. He gently tilted her chin up and holding her gaze, he brought his mouth to hers. At the last moment before their lips touched her eyes fluttered shut with a soft sigh.

He kept the kiss light at first, sipping at her mouth, nibbling on her lips. Slowly deepening the kiss, his tongue pressed against her lips, silently asking for entrance.

Her lips parted on a moan, and her own tongue came out and shyly stroked his. Pleasure burst through Gabriel at the intimate contact. With a growl, he swept into her mouth, stroking and sliding with his tongue, desperate to claim her mouth for his own. Her taste was even sweeter here, and he could quickly grow addicted to it.

When he finally lifted his mouth, they were both breathing heavily, faces and bodies flushed with heat and arousal. He said hoarsely, "Let's go into the bedroom."

Ria blushed but nodded, silently following him to the bed. She darted a glance at the bed and then at him before fiddling with the tie on her dress. He could practically feel the nerves coming off of her and he wondered exactly how much experience she had. He really didn't want her to change her mind about hav**g s*x with him, so he set about relaxing her again.

He quickly captured her lips for another kiss and she immediately melted, her arms coming up to entwine around his neck. Her tongue shyly played with his and he deepened the kiss, ravenous for her flavor. Slowly, he brought up one hand to caress the side of her breast and she trembled at the contact. His thumb found her nipple, hard and straining through the thin silk of her dress and her bra, and he gently rubbed it.

She tore her mouth away from his with a gasp, and he trailed kisses across her cheek and down her jaw to her neck. He nipped gently at her neck, inhaling her fresh, feminine scent. He stroked his tongue down the creamy length and softly bit her at the crook of her neck.

Ria cried out and shivered at his action, her hands clutching at his shoulders. "Oh, Gabriel!"

The helpless wonder in her voice sent another surge of lust through him. It had been years since he felt this kind of desire, felt so alive. He refused to think of why it had been so long-he didn't want to feel any guilt for craving Ria so desperately, he just wanted to enjoy it, to savor it, to savor her.

His explorations were hindered the neckline of her dress and he tried to pull it down one shoulder, but the closure on the dress thwarted his efforts. He swore, his fingers fumbling with the tie of her dress. Damn it, why were his fingers all thumbs now?

Ria giggled and he looked up, surprised at the sound. Her eyes were still lambent with desire, but now they sparkled with humor too. Reluctant amusement curled through him and tugged at the corner of his mouth.

"It does seem rather ridiculous that you think I'm talented enough to be a professional pianist yet my fingers aren't nimble enough to untie this bow, doesn't it?" he said wryly.

Her giggle turned into a full-blown laugh and he caught his breath--it was one of the most beautiful sounds he'd ever heard and made her entire face even more radiant.

"That's because it actually doesn't untie-it's sewn together."

He scowled-how the hell was he getting her out of the dress then? His frustration was obviously clear on his face because then she said, "There's a zipper at the side-let me do it."

With that she stepped back from him and reached down one side to the zipper hidden there and pulled it down. She then grabbed the skirt and carefully pulled it over her body.

Gabriel's mouth went dry as first her long, sleek legs and thighs were exposed, and then her smoothly curved h*ps and the ivory lace panties hugging them, and then a pale, taut stomach leading to full, round br**sts barely encased in a matching ivory lace bra, before the dress finally cleared her head.

Ria stepped out of her heels, tossed her dress to a nearby chair and turned back to him. And then her face flushed crimson when she realized she was nearly nak*d while he was still fully dressed. Her hands flew to cover her body, but he caught them, gently holding them, refusing to let her hide.

"No, don't-you have a beautiful body, don't be shy."

After a long moment, Ria nodded a little uncertainly. He could tell that her instinct was still to hide herself, so he slowly stroked his hands up from her hands to her arms, enjoying the feel of her smooth, supple skin and then over her shoulders and down her chest.

She gasped as his hands moved to her br**sts and he said huskily, "If you have to cover these gorgeous br**sts, then let me do it."

Ria whimpered as he caressed her br**sts, her hard n**ples poking each palm through the whisper-thin bra. He used a circular motion, enjoying the weight and softness of her br**sts, and then he gently tweaked her n**ples through the lace. That brought a mewling cry from Ria and she arched her back, thrusting her br**sts into his palms.

Cupping one breast in his hand so that the nipple plumped up, he bent his head and latched onto it through the lace, drawing it deep into his mouth. She made another one of those arousing sounds and clutched his head to her breast, her hands gripping his hair.

Hungry to feel her softness without any barriers, he let go of her nipple with a small pop and pushed the lacy cups down beneath the curves of her br**sts, now beautifully framed by the bra like truly spectacular works of art. Her n**ples were proudly erect, the areolas small and a deliciously tempting pink and one glistened from his ministrations.

He bent his head and laved the other breast, sucking the nipple deeply into his mouth, loving the taste of her, the contrast of her softness with the hard nipple. Ria was trembling fiercely and he loved hearing her gasps and cries of pleasure.

"Oh yes, please, suck me harder," she moaned.

He could smell her arousal now and he felt a sharp stab of lust at the thought of tasting her pleasure. He trailed one hand down her body and over her lace covered mound to the crotch of her panties-the fabric there was completely soaked with her juices and he stroked her p**sy through it, pressing gently against her entrance.

Suddenly her thighs clamped together, trapping his hand there as she gave a soft cry. "Gabriel!"

He realized that she was very close to cli**x and he was suddenly consumed with the idea of having her orgasm on his tongue. God, he couldn't remember wanting a woman like this in years, maybe ever.

He gently but insistently nudged her towards the bed until the back of her knees hit the mattress and she sat down. He grabbed her h*ps and pulled her to the edge, her knees splayed wide. Then, as she watched with a confused look on her face, he quickly dropped to his knees and placed her feet over his shoulders. He could tell by her sharp inhalation that she realized what he was going to do and she leaned back, bracing herself on her elbows so that she could watch him down the length of her body.

Holding her gaze, he dropped a kiss on her mound and watched as her eyes darkened even more with arousal. Her lashes fluttered close and her mouth opened slightly as her breathing increased. Her elbows gave out and she dropped to the bed, one hand rising to her mouth, as if ready for her bite or to suppress her cries.

He smiled slightly, feeling his c*ck throbbing insistently against his trousers. He was determined to give her lots of reasons to scream.

Anticipation rising in him, he eagerly pulled aside the sodden panel and finally exposed her to his greedy gaze.

"You're so gorgeous, even here," he crooned.

She was beautiful, her tender cleft all delicate pink folds flushed and swollen with need. The darker gold curls on her mound were damp with sweat and her dew, and he could see drops of her moisture well up and seep from her slit. He felt saliva pooling in his mouth at the thought of tasting her-he couldn't wait any longer.

With a groan, he bent his head, sending his tongue through her folds, searching out her thick honey. She gave a muffled scream at the first touch of his tongue and lurched up, pressing her h*ps toward his mouth.

"God, you taste so good. I could do this all night," he muttered, and then set out to do exactly that. He gently parted her outer lips to display her tiny, throbbing entrance and he eagerly started lapping, drinking her in, licking every trace of her arousal he could find. Her taste was exquisite, intoxicating.

He lapped her again and again and more of her honey started to trickle out of her. He speared his tongue into her as far as he could go, trying to search out more of her addictive flavor. He couldn't go as deep as he wanted to-she was too tight, and he shuddered at the thought of feeling all that tightness surrounding him, gripping his cock.

He nuzzled her plump lips, pressing delicate kisses against her quivering opening before carefully stretching back the little hood to reveal the hard, round nub of her clitoris. It was swollen and distended, and practically begging for his attention. He gently blew on it and Ria twitched in response, her h*ps jerking before he gripped her thighs, not letting her escape. He carefully laved it with his tongue, loving the feel of it, and then closed his lips over her nub and sucked it into his mouth.

"Oh please, please!" Ria sobbed, and her body convulsed, her thighs going stiff, her heels digging into his back. She arched hard against his mouth and screamed, a high, broken sound of pure release.

Gabriel immediately pressed his mouth against her entrance, his tongue lapping, thrusting into her. He wanted to feel her cli**x against his mouth and on his tongue. He could feel her slit pulsating and he thrust his tongue as deep as he could, and felt her delicate muscles quiver and contract on his tongue rhythmically as he f**ked her with it. His finger quickly circled and rubbed her clitoris, gently but firmly, extending her orgasm for as long as possible as she continued to tremble against his mouth.

Her breathless cries finally slowed and he pressed one last, tender kiss on her cunt before he stood up and quickly started shedding his clothing.

"You're absolutely delicious coming on my tongue, but now it's time for something else," he growled.

Ria's long, lush lashes fluttered open and she started at him with a dazed look in those brilliant blue eyes as he impatiently threw off his jacket and unknotted his tie before he started on the buttons of his shirt.

"Oh my," she breathed and licked her lips as his broad chest, lightly dusted with hair, came into view.

He grinned savagely, feeling proudly masculine at knowing he had pleasured her so well. "I hope you know there's a lot more of that still to come."

She blinked and blushed. "If that's what an orgasm feels like, I don't know if I can handle any more."

He froze, his hands on his belt. "You've never had an orgasm before?" He couldn't believe how intensely erotic he found the possibility that he was the first man to bring her to cli**x.

"Well, yes...no...oh, I'm not sure! This was so much stronger than anything I've ever felt before so I just don't know," she confessed.

He barely restrained a shudder as lust surged through him. "Don't worry, before this night is over I'll make certain you know exactly what an orgasm is supposed to feel like."

He felt more animal than human now, wanting nothing more than to rut in her. He quickly unbuckled his belt and carefully unzipped, gritting his teeth at the friction of the zipper against his aching arousal.

"My turn now," he said roughly. "I can't wait to get inside that tight p**sy."

He pushed down his boxer briefs with his pants and kicked them off, along with his leather shoes. He stripped off his socks and straightened, standing fully, proudly nak*d in front of her.

Ria's avid gaze went unerringly to his erect penis and she audibly swallowed. He would have laughed, if arousal didn't literally have him by the balls. All he could manage was a tight grimace and he was sure it didn't look as reassuring as he meant it to.

He knew without conceit that he was larger than average, and he'd never felt bigger or harder that he did at that moment, with Ria tracing every inch, ridge and vein with a gaze that felt like a hot caress, his c*ck throbbing with his heartbeat, pre-come visible at his swollen tip. His balls were drawn up tight against him, literally aching to release his sem*n. He knew he wouldn't last long once he was inside her and he was glad he'd already given her an orgasm, although as far as he was concerned this was just the beginning.

He walked to her, his stiff c*ck bobbing with every step, and her eyes remained glued on him.

"Let's get these off, shall we?" He reached for her panties, pulling them down her legs and tossing them aside.

She was still sitting at the edge of the bed and he drew her legs up and placed her feet on the duvet. She started to scoot back but he held her hips, keeping her perched on the edge. "No, I want you wide open to me. I want to be able to get every inch of my c*ck in you."

Ria gave a breathy cry at his words and he could see arousal winning out over any residual nerves. She bit her lip and nodded, reclining back on her elbows, her legs spread wide and knees up. This position left her open and vulnerable, and he swallowed a growl at how utterly arousing he found it, found her.

He grabbed hold of his organ, and even the touch of his own hand was wildly exciting, he was that close to the edge.

He stroked his tip along her slit, gasping at the sensation. He rubbed the glans over her clit, and they both cried out when he pressed the tiny hole of his penis against her clit, coating it with his pre-come, f**king his penis with her sensitive little bud. Again and again, he dragged the head up and down her opening and her clit, torturing them both with the pleasure until she was squirming against him and making those little mewling cries.

Finally, Ria begged, "Gabriel, please! I need you, please don't make me wait any longer."

Gabriel shuddered-he'd made them both wait long enough. He quickly positioned the head at her opening again and cupped his hands around her sweetly curved bottom, angling her perfectly for his full penetration. He eagerly pressed forward and then froze, swearing violently.

"Fuck! Ria, please tell me that you're on birth control."

He couldn't believe he nearly forgot about it-it would have been the height of carelessness, for both of them. It had been so long for him, he didn't even have any condoms with him, so everything depended on her. God, please let her be taking something...

Ria tore her fascinated gaze away from his c*ck just barely inside her body and blinked at him before realization set in.

"Oh! Oh. Um, yes, I'm actually on the pill. But I should mention that I have condoms in my purse too. I dropped it in the other room."

Gabriel hesitated-by rights he should be getting the condoms. But his penis was throbbing urgently at her entrance and he selfishly didn't want any barrier, no matter how thin, between them. "How many did you bring?"

"Um, one, maybe two, I'm not sure."

"That won't be enough for me tonight-we'll have to risk it at least once. If I tell you that I'm clean, will that be enough for you?"

Ria paused and then to his relief, she slowly nodded. "Yes, that's enough. And I'm clean too."

Gabriel smiled. "Good to know. I promise to make this worth the risk."

And then with his hands holding her h*ps securely, he thrust, his thick length forging through her tight muscles all the way into her, not stopping until he was buried as deep he could go, his balls nestled against her.

He barely registered her gasp and the sudden stiffness of her body, or the unusual resistance he'd felt when he pushed through her narrow, clinging passage. All he could think about was the sheer bliss of being inside her with her hot, wet sheath hugging him so tightly. But realization finally settled in and he swore again, this time for a different reason.

"Fuck! Dammit, Ria, why didn't you tell me you were a virgin?"

Ria winced and tried to shrug. "I didn't think it was important, or that you'd noticed." She bit her lip, quickly blinking away a tear.

Gabriel groaned and closed his eyes. Of course he'd noticed, he just didn't put all the clues together until it was too late. He silently berated himself for letting desire blind him to the truth.

He opened his eyes when Ria's small voice asked him, "Are you mad? Do you want to stop?"

The last thing he wanted was for Ria to think that she'd done anything wrong in wanting him. "No, of course not. Does this feel like I want to stop?"

And very gently, he nudged her, his c*ck bumping her cervix.

Ria gasped at the sensation and he could feel her p**sy tighten on him in reaction. He gritted his teeth against his instinct to move again. Only when he was sure he had his unruly body under control could he continue to talk. "I knew you were inexperienced, but there's a big difference between less experienced and no experience. I could have really hurt you-did I?"

Ria shook her head quickly. "Oh no, it was more like a sting at first, it didn't really hurt that much. I think it was more surprise than anything else. And what pain there was seems to be getting better already. Besides, you had made me so wet, I truly didn't think it was going to hurt at all. And I wanted you so much, even if I had known that it would definitely hurt it wouldn't have made a difference-all that mattered was that I had you inside me."

He shuddered at her words-they echoed how he felt too, the mindless urgency of getting inside her, no matter what. "God, that really was your first orgasm, wasn't it?"

She nodded shyly. "I think I had little ones before when I touched myself, but they really can't compare to what you made me feel."

He could feel himself swell even bigger inside her at her words. Her cunt was gripping him so tightly all along his shaft-the pleasure was exquisite, and more than anything he wanted to move. But he had to be sure. "How do you feel now?"

Ria slowly smiled and suddenly her vag**al muscles clenched, squeezing him like a vise. He gasped and arched, pushing his c*ck even deeper inside her. She cried out in reaction, her back bowing. She panted heavily for a moment, before saying, "I think it's safe to say I feel fine."

And then she clenched down on him again.

Gabriel grunted, his control breaking as his body took over. He thrust slowly, nearly leaving her body before plunging all the back way inside her. Ria whimpered and met him stroke for stroke, arching her h*ps so that their groins rubbed together with each deep inward lunge, her br**sts bouncing enticingly with every thrust.

"Christ, I can't believe how good you feel. Your p**sy is so hot and tight around my cock, and you're so soft and silky inside."

He hooked one leg over his arm and leaned forward, Ria moaning at the new position that opened her up even more. Gabriel braced himself on his arms so that he was now over Ria, caging her with his body. He bent down and found her mouth, licking feverishly at her lips and capturing her little gasping cries. He thrust his tongue in her mouth and she sucked greedily on it as her cunt sucked and squeezed his cock, causing him to break his rhythm and quicken his thrusts. Ria tore her mouth away, nearly sobbing in reaction.

"Oh, yes, please, faster, more!" she begged, frantically bucking up, trying to urge him on, clutching at his shoulders and back.

He wasn't sure how much more of this mind-blowing pleasure he could take but he didn't want it to end either, it was so good. Ria was getting close too-her p**sy was getting even hotter and wetter and he reached down and massaged her clit, rolling it between his fingers.

"Come for me again," he growled. "I need to feel you come all over me."

It was enough to push her over the edge-she suddenly screamed and her p**sy clamped down on his cock, massaging it rhythmically with her internal muscles.

The pleasure was so sweet, so piercing until it became unbearable and he was helpless to stave off his cli**x any longer. His h*ps pistoning, he finally came with a roar, his orgasm crashing over him in endless, perfect waves. He ground himself against Ria, feeling his c*ck pulse and pulse and he pumped his sem*n into her until his balls were drained; it felt as it all the years of pain, loss and grief drained away as well, into Ria's soft, welcoming body.

He collapsed on her, trying to keep most of his weight on his arms, utterly exhausted but strangely vitalized too. He let his head rest next to Ria's and she turned her face toward his. He felt her comb her hand through his hair, petting him, and he relaxed into her touch. Her hand drifted to his cheek, caressing him there and along his jaw and she whispered, "Thank you."

No, thank you, he thought, savoring the pleasure still coursing lazily through his body. He felt more alive, and at peace, than he had in years.

Welcome back, he thought in sudden whimsy, but it did feel like a homecoming of sorts, as if he'd found himself again. He waited, braced for the guilt and regret to come crashing down but all he felt was extreme physical satisfaction and a startling contentment.

He frowned and carefully brought Elle's image into his mind's eye. He saw her warm hazel eyes, her loving smile, her beautiful face. He felt lingering sorrow that she was gone but it was just a faint echo of the debilitating grief he'd lived with for years.

He took an unsteady breath. Was he finally ready to move on? He wasn't sure how that made him feel, but he knew it was time.

Goodbye, my love. It seems I'm finally ready to let you go now. I know you would say, And about time too! and he could almost see Elle smile at him in return. Again, he was filled with that sense of peace and contentment.

All thanks to a chance encounter with a lovely stranger in a strange city. A chance encounter that would only last for one night, since he was scheduled to go home the next day.

He felt as if he'd been splashed with cold water at the reminder of how temporary this all was-a one-night stand, essentially. But why did it have to be just for one night? He could extend his stay-surely he could convince Ria to see him again. She couldn't just want a brief hook-up, could she? Not for her first time. He knew he wanted to explore this connection between them-he'd never felt anything quite like this before and so fast too, and she must feel the same way or else she wouldn't have propositioned him.

In any case, he had all night to convince her that what they had started was worth exploring, he quickly decided. He would spend the rest of the night giving her orgasms, and she'd be so exhausted in the morning that he'd have an easy time convincing her that this was more than a casual summer fling. He'd always been known as a man used to getting his own way and he saw no reason that would change now.

He raised himself up from Ria and gently withdrew from body. He was glad he didn't see any obvious signs of blood or discomfort from her lost virginity, making a note to wet a towel with hot water from the bathroom to soothe any lingering pain, and turned towards the sitting room.

"Where are you going?" Ria asked sleepily.

"To fetch the condoms from your bag."

"Oh!" All the sleepiness had vanished from her voice.

He smirked-he really hoped that she only had one condom in there. He couldn't wait to come in her again.

TWO

December, six months later

"DRAT!" MARIA MUTTERED TO HERSELF, glancing anxiously at the sky. It looked like the meteorologists got it wrong-again. If the ominously heavy looking clouds and a lifetime's familiarity with New England winters meant anything, the blizzard of the century was about to hit several hours early.

As if in warning, a few large flakes lazily fell against her windshield before melting away. At least she had some time before the snow really started to fall-when the wind picked up and the snowflakes became smaller and heavier, then she'd really be in trouble if she was still on the road.

But-she checked the GPS on her phone-it looked like she should be at the Trentham estate in about twenty more minutes. Thank goodness she'd been assured the final interview was more a formality than anything else-otherwise she'd be stuck in New York during a blizzard with no place to go.

She looked for a radio station with a weather update and to her frustration found instead countless stations playing Christmas music. Maria loved Christmas and Christmas music, but not when she was about to drive into a blizzard.

She sighed in relief when she passed the sign for the closest town, indicating that her trip was nearly over. The Trentham estate was about ten miles further, and at least there wasn't much traffic to worry about.

She quickly reviewed her mental notes about her new family, whom she had yet to meet. She'd interviewed with Matt Drake, the executive assistant of Mr. Trentham twice, once over the phone and then in person in Boston. She was surprised that Mr. Trentham hadn't been at the second interview, but Matt assured her that she would meet him and the family at the final interview.

The youngest Trentham, Meggie, technically was her new charge, although she was sure she'd be spending a lot of time with the other children too. Their previous nanny had decided to retire and move out west to be near her oldest daughter who had just given birth to the nanny's first grandchild. Meggie had just turned five, and aside from attending a private kindergarten in the mornings, Maria would be completely responsible for her care and education until next year, when Meggie was old enough to attend first grade at the nearby exclusive private school her siblings attended.

The older siblings were Elizabeth, age twelve, and twins Sam and Bridget, age nine. Tragically, their mother died four years ago in a car accident and their father was G. C. Trentham, a venture capitalist. Matt had told her in their last conversation that Mr. Trentham had just become engaged, so at least the children would have a new mother shortly.

Although a new mother didn't mean the children wouldn't still need a nanny-nannies were highly valued among the affluent, which was why she'd decided to become one after leaving the convent. She still had a mountain of college debts to pay off and with the grim reality of public school budget cuts, she was unlikely to get a teaching job that would pay well enough to make a dent in those debts.

Since she loved children and was trained to work with them, she had decided to become a nanny for a few years, at least until her finances were in better shape. Lucky for her, a certified teacher with both a degree and working experience in childhood education as well as terrific references from the Sisters at the convent school made her a valuable nanny prospect, and the agency hadn't had any problems finding her well-paying jobs.

Her most recent family, the Scotts, had been her first live-in situation. She'd been hesitant about being a live-in, but the amount of money she'd be able to save since room and board were included had finally decided her.

Sophie had been against her being a live-in-she claimed that her social life would be severely limited and that there would be no opportunities to meet any men. Maria had realized the truth of that, which was why she'd decided to do what she did in the summer. She hadn't realized what kind of impact that night would have on her, or the regrets she'd have. Maria sighed-it was all in the past now and she'd learned to live with her decision.

While she'd been with the Scotts in Connecticut, her social life had indeed been quite limited, but she hadn't minded it. She was used to a quiet life at the convent although, ironically, she'd been one of the more boisterous novices there-another sign that she didn't fit there, no matter how much she wanted to and tried to make it work.

She'd been with the Scotts for five months and she would miss them all dearly. Although she'd been tempted to join them when they'd asked her to accompany them to Japan for Mr. Scott's job transfer, she didn't have any regrets about saying no. She absolutely wanted to travel and see the world, but she wanted to start with Europe first. She was English on her mother's side and Austrian on her father's-they'd been generations removed from the mother countries and both only childs to boot, but she'd wanted to see if she could track down any distant relations.

Maria knew a part of her yearned for family-that was why she'd been drawn to the Church, although it became obvious that she had no true vocation for it. And why she'd liked working with children and families-it helped quiet the yearning a bit. Her biggest fear was getting too attached to the children and believing herself to be part of the family, but so far, that had not been an issue.

That was another reason she'd hesitated about being a live-in at first, despite how well it paid-the fear of getting too attached. It had happened to her more than once as a child in foster homes. Thankfully, though she'd grown very fond of the six-year-old twin boys and their baby sister and they to her, it hadn't been a problem remembering that she wasn't truly family.

Maybe Sophie was right, Maria mused, fondly thinking of her best friend back in Boston. Maybe she never felt as if she'd belonged anywhere and that kept her wary of relationships, especially with men. Maybe she really was just too scarred by her childhood abandonment issues.

Maria snorted and mentally rolled her eyes. Obviously it was time to call Dr. Phil. She had yet to meet anyone-Sophie included-who didn't have a truckload of issues.

She slowed down and squinted through her windshield-yes, that was the gated turnoff that would lead directly to the house. She sighed in relief-and none too soon, since the snow had started falling much faster and heavier now.

She contacted the house from the security panel with a video monitor and camera next to the gate and was buzzed in, the gates opening silently to let her pass through. Even though she was on Trentham property, she still drove for at least half a mile on the long driveway before spotting the house.

She gasped as it came into view-it was absolutely stunning, a grand, stately residence that wouldn't look out of place in Europe. It had a classical stone facade and its imposing three stories looked more like an English manor house than something just an hour's drive north of Manhattan.

Maria gulped, suddenly feeling very nervous. The Scotts had been wealthy, but not on a scale like this. This house-mansion, really-reeked of money, both old and new, and a whole different world than any Maria had ever been exposed to before.

She said a quick prayer as she parked the car in the circular drive in front of the house. Taking a moment to calm her nerves, she breathed deeply before getting out of the car. With shoulders back and chin lifted, Maria walked up to the door decorated with an elegant wreath and rang the bell. Maria Berger, the Reverend Mother would be so disappointed that you're intimidated by a display of wealth, so snap out of it!

Feeling marginally better, Maria felt her assurance flag a little when the door was opened by someone who looked just like a butler straight out of a British period drama. Of course a house like this would have a butler.

Feeling like she should apologize for coming to the front door and not the back, Maria said hesitantly, "Hello, I'm Maria Berger, and I believe you're expecting me."

"Yes, of course, Miss Berger. Please do come in," the butler said with a small smile, stepping aside to let her enter.

Maria stepped through the door and nearly gasped-if she thought the house was gorgeous from the outside, it didn't compare to the interior. The large entry hall had a soaring ceiling from which hung a beautiful Venetian crystal chandelier, and a wide, marble imperial staircase led to the second floor. Light streamed in from skylights built into the high, beautifully molded ceiling; the skylights combined with the light-colored walls gave the entire space an even airier feel.

The floor was tiled in black and white polished marble in a checker pattern. Stunning artwork hung on the walls and elegant antiques were carefully arranged around the hall, including a towering grandfather clock. A massive, fifteen-foot Scotch Pine Christmas tree dominated the space, trimmed with exquisite, delicate-looking ornaments. It did not look like a tree decorated by a family with four children. The overall effect was grand, beautiful and cold, more like a museum rather than a family home. She wondered if the cool grandeur of the entry hall was to deliberately intimidate-if so, it was definitely effective.

"Maria, I'm so glad you beat the storm!" a cheerful voice called out. It was Matt Drake, and Maria was glad to see a familiar face and smiled at him brightly.

"Mr. Drake, it's lovely to see you again. I am too-I'm glad I decided to leave Boston right after mass this morning. I was afraid traffic would be heavy and I didn't want to be late."

She reached out and shook Matt's hand. She immediately felt more relaxed-Matt had an open and friendly manner that had come across even on the phone during her first interview. His warmth and friendliness had been even more apparent when they met in person. She guessed him to be in his early thirties, with light brown hair and warm brown eyes, and good-looking in a non-assuming way. She was sure his boyish charm was the perfect mask for his shrewd mind.

"Call me Matt, please-you'll be a member of the household soon enough," Matt said with a disarming grin.

Maria chuckled. "Well, not quite, I've yet to even meet Mr. Trentham or Meggie and the other children. I'm sure they'll have some questions for me. I don't want to make any assumptions that they'll like me before I'm officially hired."

"Well, I can honestly say that you're by far the best candidate I interviewed, and Gabriel usually trusts my judgment when it comes to hiring nannies-you're the third one I've vetted in four years. And the previous two nannies turned out fine even if they each had to leave for different reasons. So it really will be just a formality, don't worry.

He's actually leaving for the airport soon-he has business in Chicago for the next two days, unless everything is cancelled because of the storm." Matt grimaced at the thought.

Maria relaxed a bit at Matt's reassurance. "When do I meet with him then? Before he leaves I assume?"

"Yes, I'm to bring you to his study in just a few minutes-he's finishing up a phone call right now. Would you like anything to drink or to freshen up, Maria?"

Maria nodded gratefully. "I'd love to freshen up a bit-I didn't stop on the way here. And please, call me Ria-most people do."

Matt's smile suddenly froze on his face. He blinked and then the expression was gone. Maria wondered what could have caused that reaction.

"Ria, huh? That's a lovely nickname. Let me show you to the powder room."

As Maria walked away, Matt's smile slid off his face. Ria, Ria! Could it be her? Nothing in the background check he'd run on Maria Berger would have turned up a one-night stand from the summer, of course. She definitely fit the description given to him by Gabriel, but of all the crazy coincidences, who would have thought she'd literally show up on his doorstep, and the timing couldn't have been worse!

Matt winced when he thought about Olivia-if this was indeed the Ria that Gabriel had practically torn apart Boston searching for, they were all in for some interesting times. Matt's eyes suddenly widened-Gabriel obviously had no idea of Maria's previous occupation before she became a nanny-was there time to warn him...?

Even as he impulsively stepped in the direction of Gabriel's office, he heard Maria's footsteps approach. Too late, dammit. Oh well, Gabriel will just have to deal with it.

Matt grimaced quickly when he thought of Gabriel's probable reaction and replaced it with a guileless smile as he turned back to Maria. He looked at her with a new appreciation, seeing her short, bright golden locks, bluer than blue eyes, her tall, slim, gently curved figure clad conservatively in a soft gray sweater set and a charcoal wool pencil skirt paired with dark tights and black ankle boots with a modest heel.

Despite the demure clothes, Maria was a knockout-if he wasn't quite happily gay, he'd be tempted to make a play for her himself. But thinking of Gabriel's foul temper after his unsuccessful attempts at locating the mysterious Ria, he hastily changed his mind. He valued his job-and his life-too much to even consider poaching on anything Gabriel considered his. And without a doubt, Gabriel considered Ria his.

As he looked at Maria's lovely smiling face, he wondered how she'd feel about that.

MARIA NERVOUSLY PULLED AT HER cardigan as Matt knocked on the door. Butterflies had started fluttering in again on the short walk to Mr. Trentham's home office. She knew it was normal to have nerves-she really wanted the job, after all-but it wasn't so much the forthcoming interview as the speculative look on Matt's face as she returned from the powder room before he quickly erased it that had her on edge.

Matt had been nothing but purely professional in their previous interactions, so she'd never thought he was personally interested in her. She hoped she was wrong, and she'd simply misread the appraising glance he'd given her-she would have never accepted this position if she thought there was an even a remote chance he'd be interested in her that way.

"Come in," came the curt reply in a crisp, beautifully resonant voice, and the butterflies in her stomach suddenly started doing cartwheels and backflips. His voice was so familiar...

"Gabriel, Maria Berger has arrived," Matt announced and Maria took a deep breath and stepped through the doorway, and immediately froze, her feet glued to the spot. Her heart was in her throat as she stared at the man rising from his imposing mahogany desk, his hand outstretched towards her.

'Hello, Miss Berger, I'm Gabriel Trentham. I'm glad to finally meet you, Matt has been nothing but enthusi-"

The words suddenly stopped as she met the dark blue eyes of the man she'd spent the most unforgettable night of her life with. A man she'd never thought she'd ever see again.

"Ria?" he finally said in a hoarse voice, his skin pale beneath his tanned skin. Slowly, he stepped away from his desk, walking steadily towards her until he stopped, his body nearly brushing hers. She could only stare at him, utterly speechless, her mind still scrambling from shock as his hand came up and delicately touched her cheek, fingers trailing down to brush against her mouth. She trembled as heat flared at his touch, memories of that night careening through her, of his talented, elegant fingers learning every single inch of her body, of his mouth, that shockingly carnal mouth and sensual lips...

Maria stared, entranced, as that mouth came closer and closer and he gently tipped her chin up. Distantly, she heard Matt say, "Right, well, it looks like you two have lots to discuss so I'll just leave you to get reacquainted and if anyone needs me I'll be in my hopefully sound-proof office with my door securely shut, bye now!" And then a soft click as the door was firmly closed.

Her eyes fluttered shut at the first caress of his lips against hers and she gasped against his mouth as every nerve in her body tingled to life. With a groan, Gabriel deepened the kiss, his tongue demanding entrance to her mouth. She complied eagerly, parting her lips and stroking his tongue with her own as he swept in. Her hands came up to clutch his hair and she could feel his arms around her holding her close, his hands dropping to cup her bottom and lift her up so their groins aligned. She could feel him hard and throbbing directly against her mound and she squirmed, pleasure racing through her. She felt herself becoming wet, her panties getting damp.

Memories of his thick c*ck stretching her, plunging deep inside caused her p**sy to contract and she whimpered at the empty ache at her center, wanting desperately to feel him there again, filling her to overflowing. She tried to raise her legs so she could wrap them around his h*ps but her slim skirt frustrated her attempts. One of his hands left her bottom to fumble at the back button and zipper of her skirt, and she thought, oh, yes, eager to get rid of the layers separating them, and then, oh, no! as the reality of what they were doing intruded.

With a gasp, she tore her mouth away from his and pushed them apart, nearly stumbling as her knees weakened. She kept her hands against his chest when he tried to pull her back and she could feel his pounding heart and the warmth of his hard muscles beneath her hands. She took a deep breath to try to steady her own heaving chest and blurted out, "We can't do this."

Gabriel stared at her, his mouth wet from their kiss and hectic color along his cheekbones, his skin pulled taut over them with arousal. "Why not?"

"Because I'm going to be your daughter's nanny! It's so wrong on every level and besides," she gasped as realization hit, "you're engaged!"

A stab of something that felt very much like pain mixed with jealousy went through her at the thought of him belonging to another woman.

He blinked and then closed his eyes, running a hand through his hair, disordering its perfectly combed waves. He turned away from her and grasped the edge of his desk, his hands gripping it so tightly his knuckles showed white.

She stared at him, letting her eyes trace his body, clad in a well-cut, obviously hideously expensive navy pin-striped suit. He'd been wearing a similar suit but in fine black wool the night they met and he was even handsomer than she remembered, if that was even possible.

She and Sophie had gone to the hotel bar that first night after hitting some night clubs, hoping to find someone more suitable for Maria's needs there, and she'd noticed him at the piano immediately, his strong, elegantly chiseled features concentrating only on the beautiful music that his incredibly skilled hands were producing. His dark hair was lightly grayed at his temples and swept ruthlessly off his face, and even sitting at the piano she could tell his body was strong and fit-there was no doubt he was a man in the prime of his maturity and made every single guy she'd met in her quest the past week seem like a boy. He was unquestionably way out of her league and she'd resisted when Sophie encouraged her to go up to him.

But she came back the next night, this time without Sophie in tow and dressed more like her normal self and not in clubbing attire, hoping only to see him again. She'd been happy to find him in the same lounge and content just to look at him and listen to him play.

She'd found him completely compelling, something in her responding to him even before they'd spoken a word with each other. It might have been the hint of sadness surrounding him, a solitary quality in him that she'd recognized in herself.

Whatever the reason, all she knew was that she'd never felt this kind of attraction before, an overwhelming physical hunger combined with a feeling of kinship, of connection.

She'd been surprised when other men had flirted with her that night, men she might have seriously considered another time, but all she'd felt was irritation that they'd pulled her attention away from the man at the piano.

It wasn't until it seemed that he was done for the evening that the idea to approach him popped into her mind, and once it did, she knew there was no one else she wanted for her first time. The shock had been him accepting her clumsy advance. She still didn't know why he'd said yes.

He finally turned to face her and Maria nearly took a step back at the fierce, forbidding anger on his face.

"Why did you sneak away in the morning?"

She flushed, remembering waking up nak*d in his arms, sore between her legs and in other intimate parts of her body and quietly scrambling around for her clothes, wanting only to leave before he woke up. "The night was over-I thought you'd want me gone before things got awkward after you woke up."

He looked thunderous. "Are you telling me that you thought it was just a casual one-night stand?"

"Well, yes, isn't that what it was?" Maria was confused-isn't that what all men expected when a strange woman picked them up in a bar?

"So you gave your virginity to me and didn't expect anything else?" Did he seem even more upset at her answer?

"No, of course not-I just wanted to sleep with you. Remember, I wasn't even going to tell you it was my first time." She tried to laugh to lighten the mood, but it came out sounding strained and false. "I may have been inexperienced, but even I know that orgasms, no matter how many or good, don't equal a relationship."

If anything, his expression got even darker at her quip.

"Why are you so upset? I would have thought I'd done exactly what you wanted."

"Is it so hard to believe that I wanted to see you again after that night? I woke up, expecting to see you and couldn't believe you'd just left-I was afraid something had happened to you! I spent weeks searching Boston for you."

The thought that he wanted to see her again left Maria breathless.

"You did?" she squeaked. "I was staying with a friend until my job started-I left Boston for Connecticut just a few days later." She didn't tell him how much she regretted leaving him without some kind of note, but she woke up after that incredible night wanting him again, not just sexually but emotionally, and those feelings were so strong and overwhelming she didn't know how to deal with them.

So she reacted the only way she could in her panicked state-she ran. The fact that he'd also wanted more after their night together left her reeling-with joy, because the night had been as meaningful to him as it had been to her, but with despair too, because it was all too late-he was now committed to another woman.

Maria felt her shoulders slump before she straightened them and lifted her chin. She looked directly at Gabriel and kept her voice steady as she said, "Obviously it's impossible for me to work for you now. Thank you for the opportunity-I'm sorry that you'll have to look for another nanny."

Gabriel stiffened and narrowed his eyes at her. She wondered absently if he'd ever been in the military because he had the "displeased commanding officer talking to idiot junior officer" demeanor down pat.

"Another nanny? I don't think that will be necessary."

She blinked at him. "You really think it's a good idea for me to stay considering our history? You haven't even formally interviewed me yet."

"Fine, let's have the interview then," Gabriel snapped and stalked around back to his chair, grabbing a piece of paper she assumed was her CV off his desk. "So you were with your last family for five months? Why did you decide to leave them?"

"Mr. Scott was being transferred to Japan, and although they wanted me to go with them, I decided not to," she replied promptly, determined to act as professionally as possible under the circumstances.

"And that was your first live-in situation? The lack of a readily available social life didn't bother you? The Scotts lived near Greenwich-you may have noticed on your drive here that this is a more isolated location than your previous position," Gabriel remarked coolly, watching her carefully.

Maria hesitated for a moment before responding. "No, the lack of a social life didn't bother me. I don't mind a quiet life."

"Is that because you already have a boyfriend who plans on visiting you? Should I be letting my housekeeper know to expect another guest?" he drawled.

She refused to be baited. "No sir, I don't have a boyfriend."

"So are you planning on using your days off to go into the city and find more random hook-ups there? I seem to recall you saying how much you wanted to explore Manhattan," he sneered.

Maria flushed and her temper started to climb. There was no doubt he was deliberately trying to provoke her. "Despite what you may think, I don't make it a habit to do random hook-ups-you know very well you were my first!"

"Well it has been six months since we were last together-how do I know you aren't in the habit now? I wouldn't want to expose my children to possibly immoral behavior from their caretaker," he said insultingly.

She stood up, her temper definitely on fire now. How could he be so awful! "I'm sorry to disappoint you, but you're the only man I've ever slept with and I'm having major regrets about that right now!"

He stood up as well and leaned towards her over the desk, glaring at her. "Then why did you then? Were you just determined to lose your virginity that night, and any man would do?"

She flushed bright red, her gaze faltering a little and he realized that he had hit a target with his words, immediately pouncing on her. "I'm right, aren't I? You did plan on losing your virginity that night! Any dick would do!"

"No! Well, yes, but-" she said, trying to explain but Gabriel interrupted her curtly, saying, "Please, spare me your justifications. Let's get on with this interview now, shall we?"

He glanced down at her CV again, and Maria bit her lip, perilously close to tears. Her passionate, tender lover was gone completely, replaced by this brutal, cold-eyed stranger who acted like he hated her.

He suddenly stilled, staring at the piece of paper in front of him as if it were a striking cobra before his head shot up, and the shock and horror in his gaze caused her stomach to plummet. "Christ Almighty, you're a nun!?"

She flinched, both at his blasphemy and at his reaction. She'd nearly forgotten that information was on her CV. "Ex-novice, actually. I left the novitiate last year before I took my final vows."

He stared at her in utter disbelief. This vibrant and sensual creature had nearly chosen a life devoted to God? Everything in him revolted at the thought-he'd never met someone less suited to a cloistered life. His eyes narrowed as something else occurred to him. "What the f**k was a virgin ex-novice doing picking up strange men in bars? And taking birth control pills on top of that!"

Maria's entire body vibrated with hurt fury as her control finally broke. "An ex-novice who'd been prescribed them by her doctor to regulate her period, you jerk! And an ex-novice who wanted to experience something that other girls her age take for granted, and who knew she would have as much opportunity to meet someone as a live-in nanny as if she'd stayed a nun! And an ex-novice who didn't just choose any dick, she waited for the right dick, a man who's being an absolute prick to her!"

Gabriel opened his mouth but she held up her hand to stop him, having had enough of his insulting behavior. "Mr. Trentham, this interview is at an end. It's safe to say that that it would take an act of God for me to work for you!"

With that she whirled away and stalked to the door, opening and slamming it shut as she walked quickly down the hallway to the entrance hall. She passed Matt who had poked his head out of his office and opened his mouth, but she brushed past him, not wanting him to see the indignant tears on her face.

She rushed to the front door, barely waiting for the startled butler to open the door for her before she barreled through the swirling snow to her car. It was snowing much harder now, and the temperature had dropped precipitously. She knew she was taking a foolhardy chance driving through a blizzard, but she would just go to the nearest town ten miles down the road-surely there had to be a place for her to stay until the blizzard had passed and she could figure out her options.

She angrily dashed the tears away from her cheeks before they had a chance to freeze on her face. She refused to wonder why she felt so devastated-this time, there would be no regrets at leaving him. She'd make sure of it.

"WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED IN here? I could hear you both yelling at each other from my not-so-soundproofed office!" Matt exclaimed, rushing into the office.

Gabriel stood frozen behind his desk, the furious hurt on Maria's face burned into his retinas. He'd been an utter bastard to Maria and his only excuse was that he'd been battling his own rage at her for running from him that morning and finding her again now, after he'd finally given up on ever seeing her again and deciding to marry Olivia.

He closed his eyes and mentally groaned at the thought of Olivia, who would be coming at the end of the week for a short stay to make the arrangements for their upcoming Christmas engagement party.

"I don't know what you said to her to make her run out of here like a bat outta hell, but I really don't think it's a good idea for her to be driving in this weather," Matt said anxiously.

His head snapped up at Matt's words. "What do you mean-she left here and drove away?"

Matt nodded. "I saw Williams open the front door for her and she didn't even hesitate before going out into the snow."

Shit! "Matt, make sure no one opens the gate for her. Anyone who does so will be fired on the spot, do you understand me?"

Matt gulped and reached for the phone. "Yes, sir! What are you going to do?"

"Bring her back, whether she wants to or not!" Gabriel said grimly, already leaving the office and heading to the garage.

MARIA THUMPED HER HAND AGAINST the steering wheel in frustration. She couldn't figure out how to open the gate, and no one would pick up the house phone when she called to ask. She'd even tried to get on the security camera to ask for the gate to be opened, but nothing.

She'd spent several minutes looking for a manual override-there had to be one, right?-but hadn't been able to find it yet, and had been forced back to the car by the force of the snow and the wind. She managed to get snow stuck in her hair and it was melting slowly, making her both wet and cold.

She leaned her forehead down on the steering wheel, feeling both physically and emotionally exhausted. Just great. Could this day get any worse?

As if in answer, a silver Range Rover appeared behind her little compact. Hope rose that it was someone who would open the gate for her; it quickly plummeted when she recognized the tall, broad-shouldered figure clad in a navy pinstriped suit descending from the vehicle.

She stared stonily ahead when he came to her window and tapped lightly on it, refusing to even look at him when he called her name.

"Ria, please, we need to talk."

No we don't, she thought furiously. We've said everything we need to, and thanks for turning one of my most cherished memories into something ugly and hurtful.

She thought he would go back to his vehicle and leave her alone when she refused to respond. Obviously, she underestimated him-instead, he walked around to the passenger side of her car and opened the door, quickly sliding into the seat before she could think to lock it.

"Get out! I never want to speak to you again."

Gabriel's heart ached at the misery plain on her face and in her tear-swollen eyes. He never wanted to make her cry, and he felt like the jerk she'd called him. He needed to convince her to stay, to give him another chance.

"Maria, please, I apologize. You're right-I've been a complete and utter a**hole to you, and you've deserved none of it. My only excuse is that I did hope that our one night would lead to more, and I looked for you for months afterwards. I didn't realize how angry I was at your disappearing act until you showed up literally on my doorstep." He smiled wryly and added, "And my ego took a beating when I realized that you were perfectly happy leaving me behind. I'd been hoping you'd want the same-not just one night."

Maria took a long, trembling breath. She desperately wanted to believe him, but she didn't want to give him the power to hurt her so badly again. But he gave her the truth, and he deserved no less.

"I did intend it just to be a one-night stand, but I did regret leaving you like that, and wonder what could have happened if I didn't run out. I owe you an apology too-you gave me such an incredible night, and I cheapened it when I left without saying goodbye."

He smiled slightly at her words, hope rising in him that they could get past this. "Will you come back to the house with me? You shouldn't be driving in this-it's much too dangerous."

She hesitated and Gabriel held his breath, waiting for her decision. Finally, she nodded slowly.

"I'll come back, but only until the blizzard is over."

Gabriel thought quickly. "I don't think anyone is going anywhere for a while-I was supposed to fly out to Chicago tonight but I'm sure my flight has been cancelled. If we get the two feet of snow forecasted, I think school will be cancelled tomorrow and likely longer, and I still need a nanny-will you at least consider taking the job? We could use this week as a trial run-I promise to keep things strictly professional between us." He fervently hoped that her nose for lies wouldn't detect his-he really didn't know if he would be able to keep his hands off of her.

She stared at him with those vibrant blue eyes, still absolutely captivating even red-rimmed. Indecision was all over her face-he watched that emotion as well as doubt, hope, anxiety and fear all flit across her expressive face. She worried her bottom lip and he had the nearly irresistible urge to free her lip so that he could nip it instead. Her lip popped free when she opened her mouth and Gabriel waited, barely breathing.

"Okay," she said and he nearly shuddered with relief. "Let's try it for a week since I'm going to be stuck here anyway and I don't want your children to go without a nanny while they wait out the storm. Although," she suddenly grinned, and his breath caught at the breathtaking beauty of her smile-it was like the sun coming out after a cloudy day, "I'm sure they would rather have a week's vacation with their father than have a new nanny around."

Gabriel grimaced. "I don't think you have to worry about that."

She would soon realize that he didn't have the closest relationship with his children, and it was one of his biggest regrets and failings as a father. He'd retreated into his grief after Elle's death and pushed them away. Ironically, it was his night with Maria that had allowed him to get past his self-imposed emotional exile and really see his children again. Once he'd realized what had happened he simply didn't know how to bridge the gulf between them, it had existed for too long.

It was the reason he'd proposed to Olivia-he'd thought that a new mother would be in his children's best interests. He'd been disappointed when they hadn't seemed all that enthusiastic at his engagement, although they'd all known Olivia for years.

Dear lord, what was he going do about Olivia? He'd proposed for the sake of his children-should he marry for their sake too, even if his heart wasn't in it?

He wasn't sure if he was even ready to admit to himself what he felt for Maria-all he could think of right now was that she'd agreed to stay. Just for one week right now, but he couldn't look ahead-he'd just take it day by day. At least for now.

MARIA FOLLOWED HIM BACK TO the house, driving carefully on the slippery road. Instead of stopping in front of the house, he drove to the side to the very large modern garage. There were nearly a dozen cars parked in it. He pulled into a space and she parked next to him.

She opened her trunk to retrieve her suitcases, and he gently but firmly took them from her, ignoring her protests that she could carry her own bags. She was at least able to hold onto her laptop and handbag.

"Are these all your cars?" she asked, waving at the garage.

"Not at all-most belong to the staff here. Matt has a car, as does Williams, the butler, and Mrs. Smith, the housekeeper, who you'll meet. Also Mrs. Phillips, the cook. Some of the staff also carpool together. Only five of the vehicles belong to me."

"Oh, only five," she said, amused. When he arched a brow at her she just grinned cheekily at him, and a crooked half-smile broke across his face, delighting her. He was even more incredibly good-looking when he smiled, she thought wistfully and then mentally shook her head. Only one week, she reminded herself sternly.

"So not all your staff lives here then?" she asked, wanting to distract herself, but truly curious about how such a large household ran.

"No, most of them live in town or nearby, but they also keep rooms here for situations like this with the blizzard. I don't want anyone going out and risking their lives unnecessarily," he said grimly, and Maria remembered that his wife had died in a car accident. She wondered if it had been in weather like this.

"If they need to leave, and some do, they have their own family to get home to, I always let them leave as early as possible. So right now the house is only partially staffed. Don't worry about the power going out-I have my own generator and a back-up generator in case that one goes out. So we'll ride out the storm in relative comfort and security."

Maria laughed softly. "Oh, I had no worries there. So when do I get to meet the children?"

"I thought you'd like to settle in first and unpack. How about in an hour? I'll show you to your room and then come and get you when it's time."

"Oh you don't have to go out of the way-just tell me where to meet you and I'll go there," Maria insisted.

"Maria, it's no bother at all. Besides, I'm afraid you'll get lost, the house and the grounds are quite extensive-I've sometimes felt that we should hand out maps to guests when they arrive," he said dryly.

Maria giggled. "It is very grand, isn't it? I thought it looked more like an English manor house than anything else!"

"I'm glad to hear that, since it actually is an English manor house."

Maria gasped in surprise. "Really? Did you bring it over?"

"It was my great-grandfather-the house belonged to an earl who had lost his money after World War I. My great-grandfather fell in love with it and the earl's daughter and he married her in England. As a wedding present for his bride, he bought the house and then dismantled it and reassembled it here, brick by brick. He did have the foresight to do some much needed modernizing, thankfully, and both my grandfather and my father also made additional renovations as have I, so it's not nearly as expensive to maintain as the house in its original state would be."

Maria was impressed despite herself. She was right-Gabriel was old money, but he obviously didn't rest on his fortune, since he seemed to work a lot as well.

They entered the main house via the large gourmet kitchen, where Gabriel introduced her to Mrs. Phillips, the cook, who was excellent at her job if the delicious smells wafting through the kitchen were anything to go by.

Mrs. Smith, the housekeeper, entered the kitchen a moment later, and Gabriel introduced her to Maria as well. She liked her immediately-Mrs. Smith had a warm, efficient air about her that reminded Maria of the nuns at the convent, especially the Mother Superior. Mrs. Smith offered to show Maria to her room instead of Gabriel but he declined, saying he wanted to show her around the house.

"Oh, and Mrs. Smith? I'll be taking Maria to the Blue Room." Gabriel could see confusion on Mrs. Smith's face for a moment before she smiled and nodded, saying nothing. He soon led Maria back to the main hall, where Williams was stationed.

Proving that he indeed was the perfect butler, Williams didn't even blink at the sight of Maria back in the house after leaving it in such dramatic fashion a short time earlier. And of course Gabriel made no mention of it as well.

"Williams, I'm showing Miss Berger to her room. Will you inform Matt that I will be down in my office shortly, and can he confirm that my flight has been cancelled? I'm not looking into rebooking right now-just have Matt call Chicago and let them know that I won't be able to make my meetings due to the weather, and perhaps we can schedule a video conference instead."

Williams nodded. "Of course, sir. How many shall I tell Cook for dinner tonight?"

"We just saw her in the kitchen so no need to tell her, but it'll be seven tonight. Thank you, Williams."

Gabriel led Maria to the second floor, to the east side of the house. "This is the family wing of the house. The nanny traditionally has a room near the children's rooms, but I promise, the children are generally well-behaved and noise shouldn't be an issue."

The room he was giving to her was actually not the room the nanny usually had, although it was close by. It was a room typically reserved for family, and it was definitely more luxurious. Gabriel just wanted Maria to be as comfortable as possible and to give her every incentive to stay, not that he thought luxury was particularly important to her. It also had the added benefit of being closer to the master suite, although Gabriel firmly reminded himself that he couldn't touch Maria-at least, not yet.

Maria laughed. "Don't worry, nothing short of a nuclear blast can usually get me awake once I'm asleep. The nuns used to sigh because I was always running late in the mornings-another sign that I wasn't meant for convent life."

At that Gabriel arched a brow, a wicked gleam in his eye, and Maria blushed hotly-she remembered that he had actually woken her up in the middle of the night by sliding into her sleeping body and f**king her into a shuddering orgasm-the fourth and final time they'd made love that night, before exhaustion had claimed them both.

They arrived at her room and Maria gasped when she saw the sheer size and elegance of the room. It was a room fit for royalty, with the centerpiece being the large half-canopy bed, draped in royal blue velvet curtains. This was a far cry from the basement bedroom she had at the Scotts, which had been a major improvement over her spartan room at the convent and her cramped studio apartment. There was even an attached, decadent looking bathroom, which Maria glimpsed through the connecting door.

Gabriel placed her bags on the elegant, blue brocade bench by the queen-sized bed and said with another of his crooked smiles, "I hope you like your room. If there's anything you need, please don't hesitate to let Mrs. Smith know. I'll let the children know that you're here and that they'll be meeting you before dinner in an hour. I should mention that we dress for dinner on Sundays-nothing too fancy, don't worry, but it's a tradition that their mother started and something that I've continued. I'll see you in an hour, then?"

Maria nodded, glad she'd have some time to compose herself before meeting the children. "Yes, I'll see you in an hour." He turned to leave, pausing when Maria called out softly. "Gabriel?"

"Yes, Ria?"

"I just wanted to say...thank you." And she smiled shyly at him.

Gabriel felt his heart turn over in his chest, filling with an aching tenderness. "No, Ria. It's I who should be thanking you." He left the room, closing the door quietly behind him.

Maria sank down on the bed with a tremulous sigh, overwhelmed by everything that had happened. Already, she was dreading the end of the week, her self-imposed deadline she'd given for this trial.

She looked out her window at the swirling snow in the rapidly darkening afternoon. She'd always loved snow-as a child she'd been convinced that snow was magical, and even now, the world always seems so much crisper and cleaner when it snowed. She sometimes thought that with its ability to mask and present a blank canvas, snow should be the symbol of renewal and new beginnings, not spring. Even sound travelled different in snow, with fresh snowfall dampening sound waves, creating a sense of intimacy.

It almost seemed as if they were now enclosed in their own little world created by the falling snow, as if the forces of nature were conspiring to give them this precious time together. She nearly laughed out loud-she did tell him it would take an act of God for her to be his nanny. Well, it seemed as if God had now spoken!

She was sure some of the nuns would be outraged at her irreverence, she thought fondly, missing them fiercely. But she knew someone who definitely wouldn't-digging out her phone, she called Sophie.

"It's about time you called, Ria! I was getting worried that you hadn't even gotten there yet, and it's snowing like the dickens here." Sophie's tart, concerned voice was a welcome sound.

Maria had been bunking with Sophie in Boston for the last two weeks since she left the Scotts. Sophie had been after her to find a job in Boston, but when the agency had contacted her for the job as the Trentham nanny, even Sophie had grudgingly admitted that the money was too good to pass up.

"Don't worry, I got here just in time, right before the snow really started to come down."

"Well, how is it? I assume that they formally offered you the position right? How are the kids?"

"Yes, I was offered the position. I actually haven't met the children yet, I'm supposed to meet them in an hour." Maria hesitated, then said, "Sophie, do you remember the man from the lounge at the Liberty Hotel this summer?"

"Of course I remember him-I was so pissed that you went back there without me, and then to actually sleep with him! Well, pissed and proud and kinda jealous, he was damn hot, and I was thinking you'd be a virgin forever, you were being so picky-wait, holy crap, are you telling me that he's there? Does he work for your new boss? He's not the one who interviewed you, you would have told me if it was him!"

Maria gulped. "Yes, he's here. No, he doesn't work for Mr. Trentham."

"Well, why is he there-Maria Lily Berger! Is Trentham-is it HIM?"

Maria braced herself. "Yes, it's him."

The scream that came through the phone at Maria's revelation had her hastily holding it well away from her face. When the screaming died down and she could hear Sophie's excited voice coming out of the tiny speaker again, she put the phone back to her ear.

"-ohmigod, I can't believe it! What are the chances? Ohmigod, how awkward! I mean, it is awkward right? I was pissed you'd leave without talking to him in the morning-was he pissed too? Did he remember you from the summer? You have got to tell me everything!"

So Maria recounted everything, from recognizing him immediately to his anger about her running off, to their ugly "interview," to her storming off and attempting to leave, to him-and the weather-convincing her to stay the week, although she wasn't sure it was such a good idea to work for someone, even temporarily, with their personal history.

"But it's only the week, right? And it's not like I have much of a choice, with the blizzard right on top of us," she said, glancing out the window ruefully, "and even though he kissed me, I think it was just in the heat of the moment. I mean, he's now engaged to someone else, and he must love her, right?" She didn't realize how wistful she sounded, but Sophie picked it up right away of course.

"Maria Berger, I told you you should have at least given him your number! When I think that he spent weeks, months, looking for you, but didn't even have your full name...argh! He sounds like he was really into you, and heaven knows what little I could pry from you about that night made him sound like a sex god, I'm so jealous. I know how much that night-and him!-meant to you. God, if only..."

Maria sighed. If only had to be the worst, most useless phrase in the English language. If only she hadn't run off...if only she had given him her full name...if only she hadn't left for Connecticut the following week...if only he was still free....

"Believe me, that's all I've been thinking about, too. I just have to believe that everything happens for a reason, and maybe it won't be clear until much later, but it can't all be just a huge random coincidence, right? I may no longer be a novice, but I still believe in God's will, even if I can't make heads or tails of it right now."

Sophie never had Maria's faith even though she was a Catholic too, but she was more of a lapsed Catholic now. But despite their different religious convictions, she'd been Maria's best friend ever since they were roommates their first year at College of the Holy Cross, and although she'd been vehemently opposed to Maria's decision to become a nun, claiming Maria was making a mistake, she'd been nothing but supportive when her fears had proven true and Maria had left the novitiate. She'd even only said I told you so once. But she'd always respected Maria's faith.

"Listen, you know I don't have your kind of faith in God's will, but even I think this is waaaaaaay too much of a coincidence. I'm just hoping it won't be God's will to teach you some kind of horrible life lesson where you end up miserable but wiser."

Maria winced but appreciated Sophie's frankness-Sophie was always blunt and never shied away from telling Maria the truth, even when it wasn't what she wanted to hear.

It had been Sophie's idea originally for Maria to find someone to sleep with, reasoning that it didn't have to be true love or even a relationship when Maria had no experience whatsoever, and didn't want her conflating orgasm with love.

Although it had gone against everything Maria had been taught about premarital sex, she reluctantly did see the sense in what Sophie advised, and besides, she really had been curious about sex. She hadn't dated either in high school or college though she'd had crushes on a few of her fellow students from time to time. She'd been shy and her shyness had translated to seeming stuck-up to guys. And then she'd seriously started considering becoming a nun in her junior year which had squelched any interest in romance.

Of course, nothing had turned out to be simple-her sexual introduction had not only been a shattering experience, but Maria was deeply afraid that she had done exactly what Sophie had warned against-she had conflated good sex with love. She had never told Sophie about her burgeoning feelings for Gabriel, but she suspected Sophie knew-otherwise, why else would Maria have panicked and run the morning after?

"Me too, Sophie. I'm just scared to hope for anything more-I don't want to set myself up for heartbreak," Maria admitted in a small voice.

Sophie sighed. "Just take it one day at a time, Ria. You only committed for a week-see how you feel at the end of the week. Remember, he's engaged now and maybe seeing him with his fiancee will allow you to get over him, once and for all. I know that you haven't been able to stop thinking about him even though you haven't said anything. Maybe it won't be weird at all and you'll decide to stay-just give it a chance. Okay?"

"Okay, I promise to give it a chance. But Sophie, seeing him with his fiancee, I just don't know if I can handle it. But you're right-maybe if I do, I'll finally be able to get over him and move on. Thanks for the talk-I promise I'll let you know how it goes. Now I better go-I should unpack and freshen up before I meet the children, and I don't have much time left," Maria said, glancing at her watch.

After ending the call, Maria stared at her phone for a moment before impulsively calling up a web browser and typing. There it was-the engagement announcement of G. C. Trentham and Olivia Langley. She scrolled quickly through the text-Olivia Langley was a widow, and all indications were that she was both wealthy and Gabriel's social equal, as well as being a successful lawyer, the in-house counsel for a well-known cosmetics company. No children from her first marriage, so no doubt she was happy to have Gabriel's children to mother right away.

She was also very beautiful, Maria thought at she looked at a photo of Olivia, feeling a leaden lump grow in the pit of her stomach. Even in the small black and white photo, Olivia exuded polish and sophistication. It was more than apparent that Olivia Langley was everything Maria was not.

Slowing putting down the phone, Maria closed her eyes. If a part of her had harbored a secret, ridiculous hope that Gabriel would suddenly decide to end his engagement now that Maria was back in his life, that hope was now thoroughly dashed. Somehow, she just had to convince her heart that Gabriel was merely a temporary employer-she was here for his children, no more. The silly, unspoken longings in her heart would have to stay buried, permanently.

She started unpacking her clothes. Admittedly, it didn't take long-although she enjoyed pretty things she wasn't exactly a clotheshorse since she was trying to save and pay off her college debt, and most of her wardrobe was on the practical side, working as she did with children. But she did have some nice dresses at least, which should be suitable for dressing for dinner.

She hesitated when she got to the blue silk wrap dress she'd been wearing the night she met Gabriel-she was tempted to wear it just to see if he recognized the dress, but that would be playing with fire-for both of them, she decided. So she regretfully hung it in the closet and pulled out a classic, black, ponte knit dress instead. She really had to hurry now if she wanted to be ready when Gabriel came for her.

THREE

A KNOCK SOUNDED ON HER door, and Maria took a deep breath before opening. It was Gabriel of course, who smiled appreciatively at her clad in her simple black dress, her only jewelry her mother's pearl stud earrings and a delicate chain with her mother's gold cross around her neck. "You look lovely. Ready to meet the children?"

Maria blushed and smiled back. "Thank you. Yes, I'm ready."

He led her just down the hall to another room and opened the door, gesturing for Maria to enter. Maria stepped inside and found herself in a spacious, airy room that was obviously used as the children's playroom. Bookcases lined one wall and the other walls had large cabinets that she guessed were filled with toys and other entertainment. At the far end were two tall, paned windows with window seats built in below. There was a large, low table with several small chairs arranged around it, and the four children sitting at the table immediately stood up and faced them as Maria and Gabriel entered the room.

"Children, I'd like you to meet Maria, your new nanny."

Maria smiled at the four uncertain faces in front of her. "Hello everyone, I'm glad to meet you."

Gabriel motioned to the tallest girl, who was very pretty with long brown hair and dark blue eyes much like her father's. "This is Elizabeth, the oldest at twelve."

Elizabeth nodded politely at Maria, and said, "Hello, Miss Maria." Elizabeth definitely seemed to regard Maria with a certain wariness. As the oldest, Maria was sure that Elizabeth was protective of her younger siblings, and probably resented the need for a new nanny.

"These are Bridget and Sam, who are twins. They're nine." Identical hazel eyes brimming with mischief looked up at Maria and they smiled, looking quite angelic with their light blond hair and dimpled, rosy cheeks. She was sure many a teacher had been manipulated by those dimples.

"And this is your primary charge, Meggie, who is five years old." Maria knelt and smiled gently at Meggie, who giggled and smiled shyly at Maria. She was simply adorable, with long blond curls and the same dark blue eyes as her oldest sister and father, and the same dimpled smile as the twins. "Hello, Meggie. I'm very happy to meet you."

Meggie nodded at Maria, but seemed too shy to say anything. Wanting to put Meggie-and the others-at ease, Maria said, "I can see you were reading when we came in. What were you reading?"

Elizabeth said stiffly, "I was reading a story to Meggie. Meggie knows her alphabet and can read a little on her own, but she still likes to be read to."

"Oh, how lovely! Do you want to finish reading the story before dinner?"

At that, Meggie finally spoke, exclaiming, "Oh yes, please finish, Lizzie!"

Elizabeth hesitated, darting a glance at her father and Maria before she shrugged and picked up the book, sitting back at the table with the others. Not surprisingly, Elizabeth was reading a fairytale to Meggie, and Meggie beamed as the prince broke the curse and woke up the sleeping princess with a kiss.

As she finished, Meggie grabbed another story book off the table and went to Maria, holding the book out to her. "Can you read this to me?"

Maria smiled, delighted that Meggie was losing some of her shyness already. "Of course, Meggie."

Maria took the book and Meggie by the hand and moved to where a thick round rug was placed on the floor and sank gracefully to the rug, tucking her pump-clad feet under her. Meggie immediate sat in front of her, and Bridget and Sam also came over and sat down. Only Elizabeth seemed to hold back slightly, but she did turn in her chair to face Maria.

Gabriel felt a strange tightness in his chest as he watched Maria read to his children, changing her voice for each character and truly bringing the story alive, making the fairy tale feel as fresh and new for them as if it was the first time they were hearing it. They were as drawn to her natural warmth as he was and he could see them falling quickly under her spell.

He darted a glance at Elizabeth-well, everyone but Elizabeth, who always took longer to warm up to strangers. He felt a pang at the memory of his Lizzie boisterous with laughter and fun when Elle was alive. Elle's death had affected Elizabeth the most deeply, turning his firstborn into this reserved, quiet girl who he couldn't quite reach, no matter how he tried.

Maria came to the end of the story with a flourish, changing her voice again, and Meggie giggled in delight. "Miss Maria, can you read another story please?"

"Miss Maria will read to you again at bedtime, but now it's time for dinner," Gabriel announced. "So please go wash up and head down to the dining room."

As the children went to wash their hands, he held his out to Maria, silently offering to help her stand up. After a moment's hesitation, she slowly placed her hand in his and he nearly shuddered at the flash of heat that went through him at her touch. He tightened his grip and brought her to stand, her nearness tempting him to bring her even closer for a kiss. He stared at her rosy lips, slightly parted and glistening. It would be so easy...

Maria cleared her throat and took a step back, slipping her hand from his. "Well, I'm certainly hungry." She blushed and hastily added, "Whatever Mrs. Phillips was cooking earlier smelled delicious. Shall we go down to the dining room? I'm sure the children are already there and waiting."

Without waiting for a response she quickly headed for the door, hoping he couldn't see how much she was trembling. He's not free--I can't forget that this is just for a week and he's not free.

IF MARIA HAD WONDERED IF she'd imagined the strained tension between Gabriel and his children in the playroom, then dinner provided plenty of evidence as to its existence. Conversation between the children and their father was limited to occasional queries from Gabriel that were answered in monosyllables by the children. If it wasn't for Matt Drake's cheerful presence, she rather thought dinner would be nearly silent.

Matt had been waiting for them with the children in the elegant dining room, which Maria quickly gathered was considered the smaller, more intimate family space even though the table was big enough to seat eight and could be expanded to fit sixteen in a pinch.

"Maria!" Matt had exclaimed warmly, giving her a quick hug. "I'm so glad you decided to take the position, especially with the blizzard of the century raging outside. The job contract is ready for your review and signature, just come by my office in the morning. I'm stuck here for the duration as well-I have a condo in White Plains and usually commute either here or to the Manhattan office every day, but I also have a room here for the odd blizzard or two."

She hesitated, not wanting to tell him it was just for a trial week in front of the children, so she merely smiled and nodded. "Have you seen the latest weather report? What's the current forecast?"

"Over two feet in Westchester, a little less than that in Manhattan by the time it's all over, which won't be until tomorrow it looks like," he reported. "Gabriel, since all flights in the Northeast are grounded for the next couple of days at least, I scheduled a ten o'clock video conference tomorrow morning with Burton, as you requested."

Gabriel nodded his acknowledgement and thanks, and led Maria to her chair opposite him at the table.

As they all settled in their seats, Williams began serving the salad course. Usually they ate family style, but Sundays were more formal.

As they ate their salads, Maria asked, "So how long do you think school will be cancelled?"

"If it snows as much as predicted, I wouldn't be surprised if it's out all week," Gabriel said with displeasure, not happy at the children missing so much school only a couple of weeks before Christmas break. "Definitely for the next two days at least. Even after the snow stops and the roads are plowed, if the roads are too icy for the school buses all the area schools will be cancelled."

"So are you all happy about your snow days?" Maria asked the children with a smile.

Meggie nodded excitedly and after sneaking a quick look at their father, Sam and Bridget also smiled and nodded.

"Oh yes! We didn't have much snow last winter so I'm really looking forward to building a snowman!" Sam said.

Bridget giggled. "Don't forget building our forts for the snowball fights!"

"Who usually wins the snowball fights?" Maria asked, amused.

Elizabeth sniffed. "It's not much of a fair fight when it's three against one-Bridget, Sam and Meggie against me."

Maria laughed. "No, that doesn't seem fair. How about if I joined too? I pack a mean snowball."

Elizabeth looked surprised and then pleased at Maria's offer. "Seriously? That would be great!"

"Hey, no fair!" Sam exclaimed. "Why do you get a grown-up? Uncle Matt, can you be on our team then?"

"Yes!" Bridget said excitedly. "Uncle Matt, please say yes!"

Matt coughed into his napkin. "Well, I have to work with your father tomorrow morning, but we'll see after that, okay?"

"Children, just because school is cancelled doesn't mean you don't have schoolwork. I expect everyone to do at least an hour's worth of study before anyone goes outside tomorrow, understood?" Gabriel said firmly, looking around the table.

The children's enthusiasm immediately cooled, and they all mumbled "Yes, sir," before silence descended on the table.

Gabriel stifled a sigh as the salad plates were removed and the grilled salmon served. He didn't mean to cast a pall over the conversation, but he did want to instill the importance of education in his children. He ignored the sting that his children didn't even seem to consider asking him to join in their snowball fight.

"Daddy?" Meggie's little voice piped up from where she sat next to Maria.

"Yes, Meggie?" he prompted gently.

"Why do I have to study if I'm not even in real school yet? It's not fair!" Meggie's voice wobbled and tears filled her eyes.

Gabriel's heart stuttered at the woebegone look on his youngest daughter's face. "Well, I, uh-"

"Meggie, don't you like reading?" Maria interrupted softly.

Meggie considered the question, then nodded. "Uh huh."

"Well, what your father meant was that everyone should read a book or two before going outside. Since you all love to read, that hardly seems like work, does it? And for you, Meggie, that just means that you'll get to practice your alphabet and to read out loud for a bit. Then you'll get to listen to me read and you can choose the book too!"

Meggie's face brightened considerably at Maria's words. "Okay!" She then wrinkled her nose at her plate and poked at the salmon and the roasted baby carrots, beets and baby potatoes next to it. "I don't want to eat this."

Gabriel frowned. "Meggie, you know you have to eat what's on your plate, or else there won't be any dessert for you."

Maria saw Meggie's mutinous expression and decided to interfere again. "Meggie, is pink your favorite color?"

"Uh huh."

"Well, what color is the food then?"

"Um, it's pink!" Meggie looked amazed at the realization.

"Yes, it is pink. Don't you think you can try eating something that's your favorite color? I'll cut it up so it's easier to eat, okay?"

"Oh, okay." Meggie still looked dubious, but was willing to give the salmon a try now.

Gabriel looked at Maria gratefully, her head bent close to Meggie's as she quickly cut up the salmon into bite sized chunks for his daughter. The bright coppery strands of her hair were next to Meggie's ash blond, and Gabriel's heart thumped hard at the picture they made together, they just looked right.

"Gabriel?" Matt said quietly.

"Yes," he said absently, still absorbed with Maria and Meggie.

"Olivia called the house before dinner, looking for you."

At the mention of Olivia, Gabriel's attention was instantly on Matt. "What did she want?"

"She wanted to tell you that she'll be stuck in Montreal for a few more days because of the storm, but that she should still be able to fly back by next Sunday and that she's looking forward to seeing you and planning the engagement party." Matt's voice was carefully neutral as he delivered the message.

"I see. Thank you, Matt." Gabriel's voice was also neutral as he struggled to not display his reaction. Elizabeth, Bridget and Sam had looked up at the mention of Olivia's name, their expressions curious, but they didn't say anything.

Dear God, what was he going to do about Olivia? He felt guilty for wanting another woman when he was engaged to Olivia, but it wasn't as if he was in love with Olivia or she with him-at least, he didn't think she was in love with him. All he knew was that fond of Olivia as he was, the emotions she elicited in him paled considerably to the ones Maria aroused and had from the moment he met her.

He had no idea where his relationship with Maria-if they even had one!-was heading, but he abruptly realized that he couldn't marry Olivia, no matter what happened with Maria. It simply wasn't fair to Olivia. She deserved more than to be an afterthought, to be tied to a man consumed by another woman. He would have to break things off with her when he saw her-he owed it to her to do it in person, and not over the phone or email.

Maria glanced up as she could feel his thoughts, and their eyes met for an endless, intimate moment that literally made him lose all sense of time and place. All he could do was stare into the ocean blue depths of her eyes and remember their night together...

Matt coughed suddenly into his napkin and muttered, "Um, Gabriel? Hello?"

Gabriel blinked and dragged his gaze away Maria with an effort, glancing distractedly at Matt. "What?"

"How about so not the time or place?" was Matt's tart reply, combined with a glare and a roll of his eyes.

Gabriel flushed and scowled, embarrassed at being caught gawking like a lovestruck boy and knowing that Matt was right. He turned to Elizabeth, determined to try to draw her out.

"Lizzie, I understand that there's a Christmas dance coming up at school."

"Yes, Daddy?" was Elizabeth's guarded reply.

"Did you want to attend? Would you like to get a new outfit for it?" Gabriel prodded.

Elizabeth just stared at him for a moment and then shrugged. "Sure, thanks."

Gabriel held back a sigh and turned to the twins. "Sam, Bridget? I think the dance will include your grade too, correct? Would you both like to attend too?"

Sam and Bridget looked at each other in that wordless communication that seems to exist between twins, and then looked at him and gave the same shrug Elizabeth had given.

"Yeah, I guess," Sam said. "Can I have another roll?"

Gabriel decided to try again. "Since you'll all be home for the next couple of days, do you want to invite any of your friends over after the roads are plowed? Lizzie, Sam, Bridget?"

They all looked at him blankly and then at each other. Elizabeth mumbled, "Maybe."

Trying to get his children to talk to him was like pulling teeth, except they would rather go to the dentist, Gabriel thought, exasperated. He fervently wished he had something stronger to drink than wine at the table.

He glanced up and met Maria's gaze again and this time, her eyes were filled with sympathy. She obviously can tell that my relationship with my children leaves much to be desired, he thought with a touch of bitterness.

As the dinner plates were cleared away and the dessert of chocolate mousse cake brought out, Maria pondered at the strained relationship between the children and their father. It hurt her to see Gabriel trying to reach out to them, however awkwardly, and the children not responding to his overtures. She couldn't figure out what was going on, but she was determined to do all she could to help bring the children closer to their father.

She ignored her internal voice yelling at her that she was only supposed to be there a week, to not get even more involved with the Trentham family that she already was. And what about his fiancee? Maria had heard Matt mention "Olivia" and "engagement party" to Gabriel and she'd nearly lost her appetite despite the delicious food, Meggie's nose wrinkling notwithstanding. Even though she'd been too far to hear anything specific, it was obvious what they were discussing. She doubted that the children's new mother would thank her for interfering in a family matter. But still, Maria knew she simply couldn't not do something, not if she could help somehow. She'd do it for any family in need, she told herself.

Just don't risk your heart! her inner voice warned.

She ignored it-she knew it was far too late for that warning.

FOUR

"SAM, I'M GOING TO GET you!" Elizabeth screamed, running after her younger brother with a snowball in her hand as he laughed maniacally, scrambling behind a tree. "You won't be able to hide from-oof!"

Maria giggled as Bridget landed her snowball right on Elizabeth's face. Elizabeth sputtered, blowing snow out of her mouth, and narrowed her eyes before retreating to the hastily constructed fort where Maria was stationed. Sam took the opportunity to run to the other fort where Bridget and Meggie were sheltering behind, and she could hear them whispering madly, obviously planning their next attack. This game of Capture the Flag was perilously close to turning into a rout, despite Elizabeth and Maria's best efforts. Sam and Bridget combined had guerilla combat skills to rival Che Guevara.

Elizabeth wasn't about to be bested, however. "We've got to go on the attack," she muttered to Maria. "You create a diversion and I sneak over there and grab their flag."

Maria raised a skeptical eyebrow. "You mean like the previous three attempts? Those didn't exactly go as planned, did they?"

Elizabeth pouted. "Well, you come up with an idea then! It's not fair-both Sam and Bridget got all of Daddy's strategy genes-they always find a way to win!"

At the mention of Gabriel, Maria glanced in the direction of his office, and caught her breath when she saw him at the window watching them. He was too far away to see the expression on his face, but there was something almost profoundly lonely about his figure, a solitary quality that reminded her of the first time she saw him at the piano in Boston. And what was understandable in Boston was definitely not the case here-it was so wrong for Gabriel to seem so alone when he was at home, surrounded by his children.

A sudden impulse had Maria calling out, "Time out! I need a potty break!"

She turned to Elizabeth and whispered, "I have an idea, okay? Stay here and I'll be right back!"

Elizabeth nodded, looking at her curiously but she didn't say anything. Maria wasn't sure her idea would work, or that anyone would thank her for interfering, but she couldn't stand by and not do anything-it literally hurt her heart to see Gabriel so alone. She refused to dwell on why it was so important to her to try to bring this family together-she just knew that she had to try, and she told herself that she'd do the same for anyone.

If only she believed it.

GABRIEL WATCHED MARIA AS SHE trudged through the snow back to the house, fighting her way through drifts that were at least two feet high. The snow had finally slowed after breakfast and the kids had rushed outside as soon they'd done an hour of schoolwork, whooping gleefully and throwing themselves into the drifts, making snow angels. He'd been amused when Maria had dropped into the snow and made an angel as well, and he couldn't help but think how fitting that was.

They'd been outside for nearly an hour now, and he'd been distracted during his video conference with glimpses he'd had of them laughing and playing in the snow. When the conference call ended he'd moved to his window so he could watch them without interruptions.

He'd chuckled when it became clear that Bridget and Sam were out-maneuvering Elizabeth and Maria, and he'd cheered when Meggie had lobbed a wobbly snowball and managed to hit Maria. He'd been so absorbed in watching he didn't even notice Matt clearing his throat repeatedly to get his attention until Matt finally gave up being subtle.

"Gabriel, you've been watching them for over ten minutes now. Why don't you just go outside and join them?" Matt asked exasperatedly.

"What?" Gabriel turned and after another lingering look out the window, shook his head and walked back to his desk. "Of course not, Matt. We have a lot of work to do today, despite the snow."

"Gabriel, the entire Northeast-including Manhattan-is shut down because of the blizzard and you already did the most important thing, the conference call with Burton in Chicago. I don't think things will go to hell in a handbasket if you take some time off to have fun with your family," Matt declared.

"Well, you're wrong, Matt. Now let's get back to work, shall we?" Gabriel said coldly, and glared at Matt when he opened his mouth to respond.

Finally muttering, "Fine, go ahead and be pigheaded," Matt returned to his laptop and started pulling up a report for Gabriel to read.

Relieved that Matt was letting it drop, Gabriel looked at his notes from the conference call, but the words blurred together. Matt didn't understand that Gabriel couldn't just go outside-not when his children clearly didn't want him there, and his mere presence would just result in more silent resentment against him.

"Sir, I've been authorized by your second in command to tell you that we're in dire need of reinforcements-if you don't come out and help at once, both the flag and the fort will be lost!"

Startled, Gabriel looked up at Maria's dramatic appearance at his office doorway. It was obvious she'd come here straight from the outside-she was still bundled up in her navy blue parka and snow clung to her snow boots. Her face was rosy with the cold, and her gray knit cap hid most of her bright hair, leaving only a little fringe peeking out below the edge.

Her words finally penetrated his surprise and he felt his heart lift and a smile curl his lips. "Are you saying that the children have asked me to come outside and play with them?"

Maria said earnestly, "Elizabeth told me that both Bridget and Sam have inherited your mind for strategy and that we're being out-matched. I think you should come out and even the odds!"

Gabriel noticed immediately that Maria didn't answer his question directly, but he was distracted by the mention Elizabeth had made of him-he remembered teaching her chess years ago, and patiently explaining the moves to her and having her burst into tears of frustration at not understanding the game. He'd brushed the tears from her face and given her a big hug, and told her it didn't matter, if she still wanted to learn, he'd teach her. No matter how many lessons it took, he would always have time for her.

This had been shortly before Elle's death, and then everything had changed.

He refocused back on Maria and the pleading look on her face. Even if his children hadn't asked for him directly, Maria was giving him an opportunity that he would be a fool to pass up.

"I think it's time for Bridget and Sam to be bested at their own game," he said with a crooked smile.

He was nearly blinded by the brilliance of Maria's smile and he turned abruptly to Matt, realizing that he should invite him as well, although a part of him didn't want Matt to go outside with them.

But even as he opened his mouth, Matt said, "Go out and have fun! I'm going to take a coffee break with Mrs. Smith and make sure there's hot chocolate waiting for everyone once the flag has been captured!"

And he walked out of the office, whistling cheerfully.

Gabriel closed his mouth, gratitude for Matt's quick understanding welling up inside. He looked at Maria again and smiled. "Let me get my coat and boots and I'll meet you outside."

WHAT TOOK YOU SO long?" Elizabeth whispered as Maria joined her again at their fort. "I swear I could hear Bridget telling Sam that they should just attack me while you were away! Even Meggie was agreeing to the plan!"

"I was getting us reinforcements," Maria murmured, hoping that Elizabeth wouldn't just shut down when she realized who was joining them.

"What reinforcements?" Elizabeth asked, puzzled. "Did Daddy let Uncle Matt-"

"Uncle Matt is having coffee with Mrs. Smith, so I hope you don't mind if I join you instead." Gabriel slid into place next to them.

"Daddy?" Elizabeth gasped, her amazement clear. "You're going to play with us? Don't you have to work today?"

Gabriel cursed at himself. It hurt that his children obviously thought that he valued work more than spending time with them. It was his own fault, but no more.

"No, sweetheart, I want to spend time with you all instead. Is that okay?" He smiled at her.

Elizabeth nodded slowly. "Of course, Daddy." She suddenly grinned and Gabriel caught his breath, for Elizabeth had inherited her mother's mischievous smile. "You know Sam and Bridget are going to panic when they realize that you're on my team."

Gabriel grinned, relief and love a messy tangle in his heart. "Well you know I wanted to even the odds and it really did look like you needed my help the most," he teased gently.

Elizabeth giggled. "Yeah, even with Maria we couldn't outfox them. So what should we do?"

As Gabriel looked at both of the eager, shining, happy faces turned to him, he felt a surge of emotion he could barely contain. He cleared his throat to ease the lump lodged there and said, "Here's my plan..."

I STILL THINK IT'S UNFAIR that you had both Dad and Maria on your team. No wonder you won!" Sam was still complaining as they enjoyed their hot chocolate back in the deliciously warm kitchen, sitting at the large farmhouse table.

Elizabeth stuck out her tongue at her brother, a whipped cream mustache decorating her mouth. "Stop being such a poor loser. It was me who captured the flag!"

"Yeah, but only because both Daddy and Maria came after us and split us up!" Bridget argued. "You took the flag from Meggie-it's not like she put up much of a fight!"

Maria hid her smile as she took another sip of the rich hot chocolate. The children had been squabbling good-naturedly since the end of the game. She still remembered the looks of surprised delight on the twins' and Meggie's faces when they realized who had come out to join their fun. She looked over at Gabriel, who was helping Meggie fish the marshmallows out from her hot chocolate so she could eat them first. "Because," she'd announced seriously, looking at her father with her big blue eyes, "they taste better that way."

Gabriel's hair gleamed wetly in the soft rays of the sun, snow still melting in his hair, a victim of being pelted with snowballs from all of his children as they ganged up on him. Gabriel had laughingly finally called for mercy and surrendered when even little Meggie had managed a hit or two, and then all the kids had toppled him into the snow, climbing on top of him, shrieking with laughter.

He looked up at that moment and met Maria's gaze, and Maria's breath caught in her throat at the warm, happy expression in his eyes. He looked relaxed, content and so much younger than he usually did, the lines softened on his face. His happiness seemed to encompass her and Maria felt her heart swell at being included in this family so quickly.

Slowly, the warmth in his eyes started to heat as he continued to stare at her, his eyes dropping to her mouth. Maria unconsciously licked her lips, tasting a bit of chocolate, cinnamon and whipped cream at the corner of her mouth and nearly dropped her mug as the heat in his eyes suddenly flared into an inferno.

She quickly put the mug down on the table and looked down, breaking contact with his eyes. She could feel hot color in her cheeks, but the blush was nothing compared to the molten need now throbbing between her legs. Her mind scrambled for something to take her mind off of the desire burning within her.

"So children, why don't we make a snowman after lunch? Maybe we can even convince your father to volunteer some of his clothing for the snowman."

As the children cheered the idea, Gabriel grinned at Maria, a wicked glint in his eyes. "I have no issues with parting with my clothing if the right person asks," he drawled and laughed when Maria's face turned even redder.

THE SNOWMAN, IT WAS UNANIMOUSLY agreed, was the best snowman in the existence of snowmen.

With their father's help and Matt calling out hilarious, occasionally snarky suggestions from the sidelines, the snowman was huge, nearly Gabriel's height. Mrs. Smith had found big black buttons for his eyes and Mrs. Phillips had given them a carrot for his nose. Even Williams had contributed a pipe. Elizabeth and Sam found branches for his arms. At Maria's urging, Meggie had asked her father for a hat and a tie, and Gabriel had searched his wardrobe until he came up with an old cap and a red tie, which he brandished with triumph.

He lifted Meggie up and she carefully placed the cap on top of the snowman, and Bridget insisted to be the one to put the tie on, so he showed her how to properly knot the tie around the snowman's "neck," his reward her delighted smile.

At last the snowman was finished, and they all stepped back to properly admire their creation. Maria glanced around, happiness bubbling inside her at the joyful expressions on the children's faces. Gabriel had that same warm, tender and peaceful look as before as he looked at the beaming smiles on his children.

Meggie was standing next to him, her little mittened hand clutching his, her body and head leaning trustingly against his leg. The poor dear looked exhausted and Maria carefully nudged Gabriel, gesturing to Meggie quietly. He nodded quickly and bent, scooping her up easily in his arms.

"Daddy?" she said in a tired voice, yawning widely.

"I think someone is ready for a little rest before dinner. How about if we all go in and rest up?"

At the chorus of groans, he added, "I'm going to start a fire in the fireplace in the great room and I bet I can convince Mrs. Phillips to give us the fixings for s'mores and more hot chocolate, as long as you all don't spoil your appetites for dinner."

"Yes! S'mores, awesome! Last one in is a rotten egg," Sam yelled and then took off, running as fast as his short legs and the snow drifts would allow.

"Sam! You cheated!" and "No fair!" were his sisters' responses as they took off after him.

Gabriel chuckled as he and Maria started walking back to the house. "I can always count on Sam to think with his stomach," he said fondly.

Maria laughed. "Yes, I've noticed that about him too. I better go on ahead and warn Mrs. Phillips not to give you the evil eye that you suggested s'mores before dinner."

Gabriel was unrepentant. "Well, it worked, didn't it?"

His hand reached out and caught hers as she started to quicken her pace. "Wait."

As Maria looked back at him questioningly, Gabriel hesitated, glancing at Meggie in his arms, drowsy but awake, and said, "Thank you. Just...thank you."

Maria smiled at him, feeling her heart expand in her chest. She gave his hand a soft squeeze and said simply, "You're welcome."

THEIR APPETITES WEREN'T QUITE RUINED for the roast chicken dinner, but it was clear the children were exhausted from their active snow-filled day. They didn't speak much at dinner, but it was a different kind of quiet than the previous night, which had been filled with the tension of things unsaid. This time, contentment, punctuated with the occasional smothered yawn, filled the air.

Matt, Maria and Gabriel spent much of the dinner suppressing smiles and outright laughter as it became obvious that someone would soon fall asleep at the table. When even Sam started to nod off in the middle of his trifle, Gabriel threw aside his napkin and announced, "All right, it's off to bed for the lot of you. Let's go upstairs now."

There was a token protest from Elizabeth-as the eldest, she was used to staying up later than her siblings-but it was clear that even she was eager for her bed tonight.

Meggie held out her arms for Gabriel to carry her and he obliged her, gathering her into his arms, pressing a tender kiss to her forehead as he carried her out of dining room.

As everyone bathed and changed into night clothes, Maria gave Meggie a quick bath.

"Miss Maria?" Meggie asked suddenly.

"Yes, sweetheart?"

"Will you read me a story tonight?"

"Of course, but only one story since you need to sleep, all right?"

"Okay. Will Daddy read me a story too?" Meggie asked in a hopeful voice.

"I bet he will if you ask. Let's get you all ready for bed first, okay?"

Maria had no doubt that Gabriel would read to her-she thought that he'd read all night, if his children asked him to. She wondered again what went wrong when it was plain as day that Gabriel adored his children and they clearly adored him back.

Her belief in their love for each other was reinforced when upon hearing that Gabriel would be reading a story to Meggie, the older kids all demanded to hear the story too, a fragile hope shining on their faces. So they all crowded onto Meggie's bed as Gabriel read one of the fairytales that Meggie liked, staring at their father with their heart in their eyes.

Maria felt herself tear up at the sight, and quietly closed the door, wanting the family to have their own private moment. She walked slowly downstairs and found herself in the main hall again. Spotting double doors off the hall with one door slightly ajar, she impulsively decided to explore.

She opened the door and gasped-she felt as if she'd wandered into a previous century.

It was a ballroom, and the most glorious, beautiful room she'd ever seen. The room was decorated in the Rococo style, the walls made up of panels of gilt-edged mirrors and exquisite, delicate paintings. Two huge crystal chandeliers hung from the high ceiling, which was painted using the trompe l'eoil technique with mischievous cherubs looking down from among the clouds. The beautiful oak floors had been polished to a high sheen and Maria could practically see her reflection on it. There were French doors at the far end which she was sure must open onto gardens or a terrace. A gleaming grand piano sat in one corner of the room. She could almost hear the strains of a waltz lilting from the piano, the keys dancing under Gabriel's talented fingers.

Maria glided around, humming lightly as she imagined the room filled with beautifully dressed dancers. She whirled to face the entrance when an amused voice suddenly said, "May I have this dance?"

It was Matt, leaning against the doorway as he watched her, his arms crossed over his chest.

Maria grinned sheepishly, embarrassed for being caught daydreaming. "I'm sorry, this room is just so gorgeous, I couldn't help myself."

Matt chuckled and strode into the room, looking around. "Not at all, I think everyone has that reaction when they first see the ballroom. I mean, it's an honest-to-goodness ballroom, imported from England. It's been years since this room has been used-the last time was a masquerade ball that was a fundraiser for the school the kids attend, before Elle, Gabriel's wife, passed."

Beset by undeniable curiosity about Elle, Maria couldn't help asking, "What was Elle like? I assume that Sam, Bridget and Meggie take after her, in coloring at least."

Matt nodded. "You're right, they do look like Elle but I actually think Lizzie has her smile. She was a beautiful woman, in every way. She and Gabriel were devoted to each other, and he was understandably devastated when she was killed."

"It was a car accident?"

"Yes, a drunk driver, on very slick roads. I'd been working for Gabriel three years by then and I'll never forget the day the police called to tell him." He shook his head sadly, and then in an obvious attempt to lighten the mood, he said, "I can still see all the guests dressed up like extras in some chick flick period movie starring Keira Knightley. Like Anna Karenina or something."

"I was thinking more like Pride and Prejudice, but yes, same idea," Maria said with a laugh.

"Well then, milady, may I have this waltz?" Matt asked in an exaggerated English accent, giving her quite an elegant bow.

Maria giggled as he waggled his brows comically. She dipped a quick curtsey in return. "Why, kind sir, you honor me with your request, but I'm afraid that as there's no music, I will definitely step on your toes without someone keeping time."

"Well I'll risk my toes if you're willing," Matt declared, holding out his hand. "I've always wanted to re-enact the dancing scene in The King and I. Forget the waltz, let's polka!"

With that he swept Maria around in an energetic polka, humming a slightly off-key "Shall We Dance?" and Maria couldn't help but laugh at Matt's boyish enthusiasm and silliness even as she hummed along.

Suddenly the door to the ballroom slammed wide open and a furious voice growled, "What the hell is going on here?"

FIVE

GABRIEL COULDN'T BELIEVE HIS EYES. Matt was holding Maria in his arms, and he wanted to take Matt apart.

He'd heard Maria laughing gaily and the sounds of humming as he walked down the stairs, and following the sounds, he discovered that it was coming from the ballroom. He then heard a masculine voice and realizing that Maria wasn't alone, he quickly strode towards the room, a frown knitting his forehead. Who could she be talking to? Was it Matt?

The frown deepened to a scowl when he got to the door and realized that Maria and Matt were whirling around the floor, dancing together. Sheer male possessiveness roared through him and he had to stop himself from ripping Maria out of Matt's arms, and then ripping Matt's arms off.

Matt must have sensed how close he was to the edge because he hastily dropped his arms and backed away from Maria. "Sorry, Gabriel, we were just being silly. Maria was kind enough to indulge me and help fulfill one of my fantasies."

At the black look from Gabriel, Matt nervously clarified, "Childhood fantasies! I've always wanted to dance the polka from The King and I." More quietly, he added, "You know I bat for the other team."

Gabriel knew very well that Matt was g*y and that he was being unreasonable. He also knew he would owe Matt an apology later, but the jealous rage that filled him at the sight of Maria in another man's arms wasn't something he had a lot of experience with.

Not trusting himself to not snarl at Matt again if he opened his mouth, he gave a curt nod to signal his understanding. Matt released an obvious sigh of relief, then glanced at his watch and gave an exaggerated gasp. "Oh my, look at the time! I should be heading up now, goodnight!"

Matt zoomed for the door, calling over his shoulder, "Thanks for the dance, Maria! We'll have to do it again sometime...or maybe never! 'Night!"

Silence descended with Matt's departure and the tension thickened between them. He watched Maria swallow nervously, tracing the long, elegant line of her throat with his eyes when he wanted desperately to touch her.

"Gabriel? Are you all right? You don't really think anything happened here between Matt and me, do you? Even before he said that he's g*y I was never interested in him like that!"

Driven by a primitive instinct he could barely even name, Gabriel walked slowly towards her, feeling his groin grow heavy as his penis filled with blood. Slowly, she backed away from him as he advanced, until her back hit the covered keyboard of the grand piano and there was no escape. He saw Maria's eyes drop to his pants and could feel them getting even tighter as his c*ck started to rise and push against the fabric.

"No, I never thought either of you was interested in the other." He reached out and ran a finger down her throat, to her delicate collarbone and the golden cross necklace displayed by the cowl neckline of her cream sweater dress.

Maria shivered at his touch, and her breathing grew rapid. "Then why were you so upset? You looked like you wanted to kill us."

"Because I did want to kill him-for putting his hands on you. And you, for allowing it." He circled her throat with one hand, feeling her pulse race beneath his fingers, and leaned in to whisper in her ear, "I've realized that I can't stand the sight of another man's hands on you-any man, even one I trust.

"I've never been the jealous type before, so please forgive me for overreacting. But now, I need to put my mark on you."

With that, his mouth descended on her neck and Maria whimpered as his lips caressed and nibbled along the length. He sucked her skin into his mouth and Maria cried out when he bit down gently, careful not to break her skin, but enough to mark her there. He released her skin and soothed the sting with his tongue, laving the slight hurt away.

He finally lifted his head, and Maria's eyes were dilated until the azure blue of her iris was nearly eclipsed by the pupil, making her look nearly drugged with desire. She reached out and grabbed his head and pulled him down, crashing his mouth on hers.

She was nearly frantic as she kissed him, her mouth opening immediately to admit his tongue, hers stroking his greedily and slipping past into his own mouth. He groaned at the feel of her tongue and her soft, wet lips. He finally had to break the kiss, his chest heaving, and nibbled his way across her cheek to her ear where he sucked her lobe into his mouth.

"Gabriel," she moaned, pushing her chest into his, rubbing her br**sts against him. He cupped one breast and rubbed her nipple, and even through the knit of her dress he could feel her nipple pebble against his thumb.

"God, I have to taste you," he muttered and pulled her neckline as far down as it would go, relieved that the knit fabric and loose neckline allowed him to bare one bra-covered breast. He pushed down the cup completely and finally her pink tipped breast was exposed to him. He bent his head and immediately latched onto her nipple, sucking strongly.

Maria gave one of those provocative, breathless cries he remembered so well and arched her back, pushing her breast deeper into his greedy mouth. She thrust her hands into his hair to hold him there, although there was no place else he'd rather be. He sucked on her breast hungrily and her h*ps squirmed against his with every pull of his mouth.

He reached down to gather her skirt up until the hem was finally reached and her thighs exposed to his touch. His hand stroked one thigh, and he grunted in frustration when he realized she had on tights under her dress. No matter-he could still feel her searing heat and dampness as he cupped her mound, pressing down against her pubic bone with the heel of his hand and curving his fingers into her cleft.

Maria gave a little scream and bucked up hard into his palm. Her leg came up and curled around his thigh as she tried to open herself to him. He clutched her bottom and hoisted her on top of the keyboard cover, and then nestled himself between her thighs. He finally let go of her nipple and raised his head, staring into her eyes as he ground his fully erect and aching c*ck against her mound.

"God, I want to be in you so much," Gabriel groaned. Even through her tights and his trousers the pleasure was divine, but nothing could equal being in her tight cunt. "I remember how tight, hot and wet your p**sy is, and how much you squeezed my c*ck deep inside, like you never wanted me to leave."

"Oh, I want it too, so much," she panted. "But we can't!"

"I know, not now, not yet. But I can still pleasure you this way, and pleasure myself too." With that he thrust against her, stroking hard and fast.

She whimpered and bucked, grinding her mound against his thick length. Suddenly she stiffened and he knew she was coming. He quickly covered her mouth and swallowed her scream as she cli**xed, and he could feel her muscles clenching and releasing. He wanted more than anything to feel it all again on his nak*d cock. Knowing she had reached orgasm pushed him over the edge and he groaned as he pulsed his release, rubbing his c*ck slowly against her damp crotch, wringing out every last drop of pleasure for them both.

They stayed like that as their pounding heartbeats slowly calmed, and he savored their intimacy. Finally, reluctantly, he stepped back and helped her down from the piano. She stumbled a little as her legs buckled and he steadied her, gathering her into his embrace.

He held her for a long moment, her head tucked beneath his chin and his lips caressed her hair. He breathed in her scent deeply, imprinting her onto his senses. Finally, she stirred and looked at him, her eyes soft with unspoken emotion. When she did speak, the subject surprised him.

"Why are the children so distant from you? What happened to your relationship?"

He sighed and loosened his grasp on her. He led her back to the piano but this time just pulled the bench from under the piano forward and drew her down to sit by him, his hand still holding hers.

"It all started after their mother died. Elle and I met in our junior year of college and I fell for her immediately. We got married two years after graduation even though everyone told us we should wait, get our careers going first. But we didn't want to wait-we were in love, and we wanted to be together. I'm glad now that we didn't listen to anyone-we thought we'd have forever and instead, we had less than a decade."

He paused here. Maria squeezed his hand in wordless support and he felt comforted just by her presence.

"After Elle was killed by a drunk driver, I was completely shattered. Instead of grieving with my children, comforting them and being there to help them through their loss, I pushed them away completely and threw myself into my work. I started travelling for business more and more, and stayed here less and less, letting the nannies in essence raise my children.

I guess I was running away from the memories here, and the pain. My children reminded me of what I had lost and I couldn't handle it. So instead of being their father and taking care of them, I withdrew from them so completely, they might as well have buried me with Elle."

Gabriel closed his eyes in shame, self-loathing for what he'd done to his children filling him to overflowing. He didn't deserve their love or forgiveness, but he was determined to earn it. He opened his eyes, braced for condemnation on Maria's face, but all he saw was a gentle understanding and compassion, and a soul-deep pain that mirrored his own. Her hand came up and stroked his cheek. He captured her hand and pressed a kiss to her palm.

"So what changed then? Because the man I see in front of me is a man desperate to re-connect with his children, who obviously loves them very much and isn't afraid to show it. He just needs a little help with how to show it," Maria teased gently.

Gabriel reached out and caressed her cheek, and tipped her chin up so that she couldn't avert her gaze from his.

"You did," he said simply. "Meeting you changed my life. You made me realize how much of life I had been shutting out, and how it was time to let go of my grief. I was using it as a way of anchoring Elle to me, but it was so wrong of me. Elle would have been horrified at the way I'd been treating our children, and meeting you made me realize that it was time-past time-to let go of her memory.

I came back from Boston determined to start anew, to show my children how much I love them, but as you can see, it hasn't been easy. I'd been a virtual stranger to them for too long-I think they're afraid to trust me now, trust that I won't abandon them again. How can I blame them, when I still blame myself?"

"Oh Gabriel," Maria exclaimed, reaching out with both hands and tenderly cupping his face. "Your children love you-it's plain as day to me. Perhaps they don't see your gestures to them as what they really are, but they will, I promise. It's not too late. Just don't give up.

You were terrific with them today, and they had a wonderful time with their father. I know tomorrow will be just as wonderful and soon, they'll forget there was a time when they weren't as close to you. Children are resilient and forgiving, and their hearts are so, so big-they've just been waiting for you to come back to them."

"If my relationship with them is on the mend, it's thanks to you," he said softly, and when she started to protest he held a finger against her lips, silencing her. "No, it's true. For six months, I've been fumbling around, trying to connect with them and failing miserably. Within twenty-four hours of your being here, I'm finally making some headway with them, even Lizzie, who's been the hardest to reach.

It's because of you-somehow, you've been able to bridge the distance between us and bring us together. I can't thank you enough." He grinned suddenly, a wicked gleam in his eyes. "For obvious, very personal reasons, I'm very happy you're no longer a nun, but I can't deny that you can work miracles."

That startled a laugh from Maria, who shook her head in mock reproof. "Mr. Trentham, the nuns at the Sacred Heart Convent would be scandalized by your blasphemy and heartily disagree with you about my miracle-working abilities."

His smile faded as he stared at her. "All I know is that I and my family are all for the better because of you."

Maria's heart nearly skipped a beat at the intense look in his eyes-it was something like passion, but that wasn't it. She was actually afraid to examine it too closely-she didn't want to believe something that couldn't possibly be true. His children weren't the only ones who had been hurt too many times in the past and were now too afraid to hope.

Except she suspected they were still braver than her.

Suddenly, realization hit. A wave of shame rushed over her and she nearly gasped. Dear Lord, she had completely forgotten about his fiancee, Olivia! Her desire for Gabriel had overwhelmed her completely-all she could think about was her own wild need for him and the way he made her feel. Could she have put a stop to it if Gabriel hadn't listened to her token protest? Or would she now be in his arms, his c*ck driving deep inside her? She hadn't even been thinking of Olivia when she'd said they couldn't have sex-it had been more an instinctive attempt at protecting herself and her own vulnerable emotions. As it was, there was no doubt that emotionally and to some extent physically she'd been a party to Gabriel betraying his fiancee, and self-loathing rose in her. She'd have to come to grips with her own undeniable weakness.

Wanting desperately now to escape from him, from everything he made her feel, Maria said lightly, "Well I think you still give me too much credit-I think it was just a matter of time before you broke through to them. And if today was any indication, I think the children will want to spend another active day out in the snow tomorrow so I better go upstairs now. Goodnight."

"Wait." Gabriel's hand shot out and caught her by the wrist as she tried to leave. "What's wrong? I can tell something is off now where it wasn't before."

Maria faced him, shocked that Gabriel could read her so easily. His grip on her wrist was gentle but secure, and she knew he wasn't going to let her go without an answer.

"Gabriel, what about Olivia?" she asked quietly.

His eyes widened, and she could tell that just as she had, he'd forgotten entirely about the existence of his fiancee. Which somehow made her feel worse, rather than better.

She tugged her hand free, rose from the bench and walked quickly to the door. Her hand on the doorknob she hesitated, unable to resist turning for one last look at Gabriel. He was standing, an unreadable expression on his face and his hands clenched at his sides.

"Maria. I know you don't believe me, but we didn't cheat on Olivia."

Her hand tightened on the doorknob. "You're right, I don't believe you," she said with a sad smile.

They stared at each other for a long moment before he said softly, "Goodnight."

Maria nodded, whispered, "Goodnight," and then slipped out of the room.

You can't let yourself get even more involved, she told herself. You'll end up falling in love with him and his family and it won't end well. They don't belong to you-they belong to Olivia! You've already sinned more in the past forty-eight hours than the last six months combined, and if you're not strong enough to resist Gabriel it's going to get a lot worse. You know you'll be leaving at the end of the week!

Maria repeated this like a mantra all the way up to her room. If only it wasn't already too late...

SIX

MARIA WAS RIGHT-AS SOON as the children woke up early the next morning, they dashed downstairs to find their father and started asking excitedly if they could go outside to play in the snow again.

Gabriel was alone in the kitchen having his first cup of coffee and had been staring out at the crystalline beauty of the snow-covered grounds, deep in thought, when his children burst into the room, still in their pajamas.

"Daddy! I just woke up and want to see Mr. Snowman! Can we please, Daddy?" Meggie asked eagerly.

Gabriel smiled and put down his mug, swinging Meggie high up in his arms before he carefully set her down in her chair, loving the sound of her giggles. "Good morning, darling. Good morning, Lizzie, Bridget, Sam. How about some breakfast first?"

"Good morning, Daddy," Elizabeth greeted with a soft smile, and Bridget echoed her older sister.

"G'morning! Great, I'm starving!" Sam exclaimed as his sisters rolled their eyes at him. But Bridget and Elizabeth quickly retrieved their favorite cereals and set the boxes on the island and got the milk and juice out of the fridge.

"How about I scramble some eggs too?" he asked, knowing Sam would need more than just cereal.

"Oh yes, thanks, Dad!" Sam said happily and Bridget added hopefully, "And maybe some bacon too?"

Gabriel laughed. "All right, some bacon as well."

As he quickly prepared the eggs and bacon, he looked over at his children, nearly overwhelmed by a fierce, protective love for them. The love had always been there, just swamped by his grief for far too long. But no longer.

"Good morning, everyone."

He looked up quickly at Maria standing hesitantly in the doorway. She smiled shyly at him and again he was nearly overwhelmed by a wave of emotion as he stared at her. He knew she was still determined to leave at the end of the week, and he was just as determined to get her to stay-permanently, if he had his way.

"Miss Maria!" Meggie cried out and ran over to her, grabbing her hand. "Can you sit next to me? Daddy's making us scrambled eggs and bacon! Do you like bacon?"

Maria laughed. "I do, very much. But your father didn't know I was coming down-he may not have made enough for me too, and that's fine, I can just have some toast."

Meggie frowned at Maria not getting any eggs or bacon. "But Daddy made a lot of eggs and bacon, right, Daddy?"

"Indeed I did, Meggie. Besides, Miss Maria is part of the family now, right?"

Maria blushed at his words and dropped her eyes to the table as he brought over the platter of food and placed it on the table. She reached over and scooped some eggs and bacon for Meggie and as she did so the high collar of her shirt shifted a little, exposing a familiar red bruise on her neck. Gabriel's mouth went dry as he stared at it, a volatile mix of possessiveness, pride and lust surging through him at the sight.

Not wanting to be caught staring inappropriately by his own children, he dragged his eyes away and carefully put food on his own plate. A comfortable silence descended on the table as everyone concentrated on eating, and Gabriel glanced around, contentment swelling in his chest. Everything just felt right, as if things were finally clicking into place, and there was nothing he wanted more than to have many more such mornings in the future.

Sam, not surprising, was finished first, although he ate twice as much as the girls. "Dad, can I go outside now?"

"Sam, remember what I said about doing some schoolwork first before playing outside," Gabriel said firmly.

At the disappointed looks on all the kids' faces, Gabriel reminded them, "I'll be working too, in my office while you study. But it won't be for too long, I promise. And I have a special surprise for you once we do go outside."

"A surprise?" Bridget asked in delight. "What is it?"

Gabriel chuckled. "What kind of surprise would it be if I told you now?"

"Please, Daddy! I can't wait!" Meggie begged and Sam clamored to know as well. Even Elizabeth couldn't refrain from asking, although she tried to look nonchalant about it.

Gabriel shared a look of amusement with Maria at the children's excitement. It had been so long since he teased the children like this and he was enjoying himself immensely.

"Nope, I'm not going to tell you," he announced, "and don't try to get Maria to tell you, because she doesn't know what the surprise is."

"That's true," Maria confirmed. "This is something your father planned completely by himself. And the sooner you finish your schoolwork, the sooner you'll find out, right?"

Gabriel laughed at the resigned sighs from the children. "Don't worry, time will pass soon enough. I do want you to enjoy this time off-they're going to start clearing the roads today, and you'll probably be back in school either tomorrow or Thursday."

Elizabeth frowned, which surprised Gabriel since he knew she actually enjoyed school. But then he realized it wasn't school she was thinking about.

"If the roads are getting plowed and it doesn't snow again, then the airports will probably be opening up too, right? Does that mean you'll be leaving on one of your business trips soon?" Elizabeth asked quietly.

The table suddenly became very still as everyone, even Maria, seemed to be holding their breath for his answer. Gabriel looked around and saw hope shining on his children's faces, a hope he knew he could dash with just a few careless words.

"I've actually decided to stop travelling so much now. There may be occasions I have to travel, but there will be far less of them. So you'll just have to get used to having me around more," Gabriel said with a crooked smile.

The pure joy that lit his children's faces was enough to humble him. Never again, he vowed to himself as he swallowed the lump in his throat. Maria was smiling nearly as brightly as the children, and he again felt a surge of gratitude towards her for being the catalyst.

Thank you, Lord, for bringing her into my life. Now he just needed to convince her to stay.

"HOLD ON, MEGGIE!" MARIA CALLED as she wrapped her arms more securely around the five year old and pushed off on the sled, laughing in delight as they flew down the slight hill. Meggie shrieked in glee, screaming, "Faster, faster!" before they slowed down as they reached the more level area.

The sleds had been Gabriel's surprise-three of them, each large enough to hold two passengers. Gabriel had murmured to Maria that the sleds had been in storage in the garage for years-another thing that the children had missed out on. The children had been beside themselves with excitement when they'd seen the sleds placed by the snowman, and had wanted to use them immediately.

Which is what they'd been doing for the past hour-sledding down the long, sloping grounds that led to the frozen pond behind the house. They'd also been racing each other in pairs, with the Sam-Bridget pairing winning the most races, not surprisingly.

"Dad, Miss Maria!" Bridget called out as Maria trudged back to the top, one hand holding Meggie and the other leading the sled. "We want to race again!"

Gabriel groaned. "Bridget, you know you and Sam will probably win again."

Sam grinned smugly. "Yup, we probably would, which is why we want to change it up this time. Bridget and I are going to split up, and everyone needs to ride with someone they've haven't ridden with before. So I'll ride with Lizzie."

"And I'll ride with Meggie," Bridget added.

"But that means...oh," Maria said, not daring to look at Gabriel.

"Yeah, that means you and Dad will ride together. This way, when I win I'll know that I beat everyone!" Sam boasted.

"Hey, what do you mean 'when I win,'" Elizabeth protested and narrowed her eyes. "You're not on the sled alone, you know!"

"Blah, blah, blah, heard that before," Sam said dismissively and grinned when Bridget stuck her tongue out at him. "Okay, let's get on the sleds!"

Maria finally peeked at Gabriel, a hot blush coloring her cheeks. He winked at her, a devilish twinkle in his eyes. He settled himself on the sled, and patted the space in front of him, between his parted thighs. "Don't worry, there's enough space here."

Maria reluctantly settled herself on the sled, trying not to get too close to Gabriel. But the sled, while roomy, was still meant to be ridden with two people sitting close together, so she slowly backed up until she was nestled against him, his legs cradling her on either side. Her bottom was flush against his groin, and she bit her lip, resisting the urge to shift around. His arm came up around her waist, anchoring her against him and she nearly moaned at the how intimate their positions were. Heat was burning her everywhere their bodies were pressed together and she knew he wasn't immune-she could feel him getting hard against her bottom.

"Are you ready?" he murmured against her ear, and she shivered at the warm puff of air created by his words.

She nodded, just as Sam said, "On your mark, get set, go!"

At once Gabriel pushed off and Maria gasped as they flew down the incline, faster than she'd gone before. It was because she and Gabriel together weighed more and generated more force and speed going down, she thought dimly, as they reached the bottom still going at an alarming speed. She could hear the other sleds behind them and she realized abruptly that they'd won the race. Now if they could only stop the sled before-

Maria cried out as the sled suddenly flipped, and she found herself tumbling into the snow with Gabriel landing on top of her. "Oof!"

"Ria, are you hurt?" Gabriel asked frantically, bracing himself on his arms as he hovered over her.

"No, I'm fine," she wheezed, still a bit out of breath. "Nothing sprained or broken, don't worry."

Gabriel relaxed a bit, and then stiffened. Maria realized that Gabriel was lying between her parted thighs. She locked eyes with him and the desire burning in his gaze left her shaking, her core suddenly molten. Very carefully, still holding her eyes, he settled his lower body on top of hers and she nearly cried out at feeling his heavy weight there. Her legs came up instinctively and she cradled him, her h*ps lifting a bit, rubbing her mound against his rapidly hardening cock.

"Dad! Miss Maria! Are you both okay?" Elizabeth yelled to them.

The sounds of the children making their way through the snow to where they lay was a huge shock, startling both of them out of the erotic spell they'd fallen under.

Gabriel immediately scrambled off of Maria, desperately hoping that his erection wasn't visible under the thick denim he wore. My God, he'd never forgotten himself that completely before.

"Don't worry, we're fine," he called out reassuringly. "Maria lost her breath for a moment and I was just checking her over."

He nearly winced at how suggestive that sounded-he chanced a glance at Maria and she was suppressing a laugh, a mischievous sparkle in her eyes.

"Yes, your father was being very thorough in his examination," she said with a teasing smile.

"Wow, I can't believe how fast you two were going," Sam said in an awestruck tone. "Dad, can we try going that fast together?"

Gabriel chuckled. "I'm not sure if that'll be possible, but we can definitely try. But first, is anyone ready for some hot chocolate? I see Mrs. Phillips with a tray at the door for us, and I bet she baked cookies too."

"Awesome! I'm starving-hey, let's get something to eat." Sam beckoned for his sisters to follow and they took off for the house.

Gabriel climbed to his feet and offered his hand to Maria. "I feel like some hot chocolate too. Shall we join them?"

Maria took his proffered hand and he pulled her up, feeling the solid strength of his fingers even through their gloves. When she tried to drop his hand, his fingers tightened on her own before he finally let go.

"Ria, about Olivia-"

She pressed a finger lightly to Gabriel's mouth, stopping his words. "Don't say anything right now, okay? I'm not quite ready to talk about her, not right at this moment-I just want to enjoy today with you and the children, and not think about anything else."

At first it seemed as if he wanted to argue, but at the pleading look on Maria's face, he slowly nodded and caught her hand as she withdrew, pressing a kiss on her gloved palm. "Not right now, but soon then."

Maria nodded, giving him a grateful smile. "Soon, I promise."

Together, they walked towards the house and the children.

SEVEN

MARIA PAUSED IN THE GRAND entrance hall-she could hear someone playing the piano in the ballroom. After lunch, Matt had fetched Gabriel for a business call that Gabriel had said might take a while-did he finish his call early?

As she walked closer to the ballroom she heard the familiar notes of Debussy-it was "Clair de lune," one of the pieces he played the night they met. Her heartbeat quickened and she reached out and pushed the double doors open. Disappointment settled when she realized that it wasn't Gabriel, it was...Elizabeth?

Elizabeth looked up from the piano when she heard the door open and immediately jumped up from the bench. "Oh, Miss Maria!"

Maria smiled at her, not sure why Elizabeth looked so anxious. "I heard you playing in the hall-that was beautiful, Elizabeth. I thought you were in the media room watching the movie with the others and didn't realize it was you on the piano. You're very talented."

"Thank you, Miss Maria, I haven't had any lessons for a long time so I'm sure I'm not as good as I once was." Elizabeth hesitated for a moment then blurted out, "Please don't tell my father that I was playing the piano in here!"

Maria was startled at Elizabeth's request. "I don't understand-are you not allowed to play the piano?"

"No." Elizabeth shook her head vigorously. "Dad hasn't wanted anyone to play the piano since Mom died."

"Not play the piano?" Maria said, shocked. "But why not?"

"It's because the piano reminds him of Mom. He used to play for her all the time, and he was teaching me how to play too, and we'd play duets together for Mom. But after she was gone, Dad never played the piano again, so I didn't get any more lessons either. One time I came in here to play and when Dad heard me he got really angry and yelled at me to stop playing, that I was never to touch this piano again.

It was really hard for me because I love playing the piano, so when Dad was away I'd sometimes sneak in here to play, and I've been looking at videos online and teaching myself to play."

Maria's heart broke, for both Elizabeth and Gabriel. There was no way she'd let Elizabeth go on like this, not if it was up to her. Coming to a decision, she smiled reassuringly at Elizabeth.

"Well since everyone is occupied and elsewhere, why don't you continue playing? Your father is still in his office, I just checked," she lied smoothly. "I'll close the door so you won't be disturbed."

Elizabeth's face brightened. "Oh thank you, Miss Maria! And if you see my father coming this way, can you just give me a quick warning? Thanks so much!"

Maria nodded, feeling a little guilty for lying to her since as far as she was concerned, Gabriel would definitely hear Elizabeth playing.

GABRIEL AND MATT LOOKED UP at the knock on the door. They'd just ended a conference call with a start-up in California looking to expand, and Gabriel was anxious to get back to Maria and the children.

The door opened and Maria poked her head in and smiled. "I hope I'm not disturbing you, Mr. Trentham, but if you're finished, I have something I need to discuss with you."

Gabriel completely ignored the amused smirk Matt sent him at Maria's prim use of "Mr. Trentham." Obviously, Matt knew theirs was much more complicated than the typical employer/employee relationship. "Of course, I'm actually finished here. Matt, you can take care of the follow-up without me, right?"

"Don't worry, there isn't much left, just some emails to send off," Matt said cheerfully. "I'll let you know if anything else comes up."

"Thanks, Matt. I'll be with the children if you need me." Gabriel got up from his desk and walked to Maria. "What is it, is something wrong?"

Maria shook her head. "It's not an emergency, but I want to show you something."

Gabriel raised a quizzical brow but was silent as Maria led him back to the entrance hall. He noticed that the ballroom doors were slightly ajar and he could hear someone playing the piano inside. He frowned. "What's that? Who's playing in there?"

"It's Elizabeth. That's what I wanted to show you. Elizabeth says that you don't want her to play, not since her mother died, and she's terrified to be caught playing. But she loves it, and she's very good. It's evident that she's inherited your talent."

Gabriel closed his eyes, remorse for more of his past actions making his heart hurt. He remembered yelling at her to stop playing, telling her never to play again. Elizabeth had been eight when Elle died, old enough to be scarred by his emotional neglect, which was why she'd been the child most wary of him when he'd started to reach out to them. He just hoped he could make it up to her now.

He opened his eyes to find Maria looking at him with both compassion and understanding. He managed a small smile. "Thank you. It seems I still have a lot to answer for."

He turned to the doors, pausing just outside when he realized what Elizabeth was playing. Of course, it was "Clair de lune"-it had been Elle's favorite piece and he'd played it for her often. He vividly remembered teaching Elizabeth how to play it and Elle often joining them for the lessons, just to hear them both play.

Very carefully he opened the door, not wanting to alert Elizabeth to his presence yet. He could see her bent over the keyboard, a look of utter concentration on her face as she played from memory. Occasionally she would stumble and she'd mutter under her breath, but she continued playing. Maria was right-Elizabeth was very good, and with practice and the proper lessons, could even become brilliant. His eldest had always loved the piano, even as toddler, and anguish filled him at how he'd denied her this for so long.

Elizabeth came to the final notes and Gabriel clapped slowly, walking into the room.

She whirled around on the bench, alarm clear on her face. "Dad! I can explain, please-"

"Lizzie, there's nothing to explain," Gabriel interrupted gently. "But that was wonderful, sweetheart, simply wonderful."

She blinked at him and Gabriel ached at the doubt and wariness that filled her eyes.

"But aren't you mad at me? I thought you didn't want me to touch the piano, ever?"

He sighed, knowing that it was important to have this conversation with her. He walked over to her and sat down on the bench, looking down at his hands, hoping to find the right words.

"Lizzie, after Mom died, I know I made a lot of mistakes with you and your siblings. I pushed you all away, when I should have held you even closer. It wasn't because I stopped loving you, I swear. It was just-losing Mom just hurt so much, and I couldn't deal with anything that reminded me of her, and that included you all."

"Dad, I know," Elizabeth whispered, tears gathering in her eyes. "We all knew that it was because you loved Mom so much and that being with us reminded you of her. We missed her so much too-and then we missed you as well."

"Can you forgive me, Lizzie?" Gabriel asked, swallowing a lump. "I'm so sorry for not being here for you. I love you so much, and I swear I'll never do that to you or the others ever again."

"Daddy, of course I forgive you!" Elizabeth started sobbing and threw herself into his arms.

Gabriel held her tightly, feeling her slight form trembling, and brushed a kiss on her head. "I love you, pumpkin."

"I love you, too, Daddy," she sniffed, and then pulled back. "So you're really not angry about me playing the piano?"

"No, sweetheart. I never should have stopped your lessons-I denied us both a chance to remember Mom together. She would have hated that we both stopped playing after she was gone. I would love to start your lessons again-would you like that?"

"Oh, Daddy! Yes, I would love if you could teach me again!"

Elizabeth looked like she was going to start crying again, and Gabriel felt a burning sensation at the back of his own eyes. Wanting to distract them both, he tenderly wiped a tear away from her cheek and smiled softly. "Do you want to play with me now?"

"Play with you? You mean, like a duet?" Elizabeth asked with a delighted grin, and her smile was so like Elle's in that moment.

Gabriel nodded, suddenly feeling light and happy. "Yes, a duet. Do you remember your part to this?"

And he turned around so he was facing the piano and started the left part to "Heart and Soul." Elizabeth giggled and his heart sang at the joyful sound. She tentatively picked out the melody and soon they were playing together, improvising and laughing at their mistakes.

Neither of them noticed the figure at the doorway who smiled tenderly at them before she quietly closed the door, giving father and daughter some much overdue private time together.

"IT SEEMS I OWE YOU many thanks, again. At this rate, the entire Trentham family will be in your debt for a very long time to come." The words were said lightly but the look in his eyes was anything but.

Maria shook her head with a soft smile. "I didn't do anything. All I did was to show you the metaphorical door-it was up to you to open it, and step through. Which you did and Elizabeth was on the other side waiting for you."

"Nonetheless, you've made an enormous difference in all our lives and the children are already beginning to love you, I can tell. Are you sure you're not really Mary Poppins with your practically perfect ways?" he drawled teasingly.

She choked on a laugh, and glanced quickly at the children to make sure the noise hadn't woken them up. But they were all still fast asleep in their sleeping bags, laid out in the great room with the fire burning low in the fireplace.

The family Christmas tree-half the size of the one that towered in the entry hall but still a grand, glorious sight-stood tall in a corner of the room, and Maria's heart warmed to see many ornaments obviously made by the children hanging proudly on the branches, while a beautiful, delicate angel graced the top of the tree. Despite the sheer size of the room-and it was called the great room with good reason-there was a warm, cozy feel to the room and she'd felt comfortable in here immediately.

When Bridget and Sam had first suggested during dinner of having a family sleepover in the great room, Maria had been sure Gabriel would immediately veto the idea. But he had surprised her when he considered it for a long moment, staring at the excited, hopeful expressions on the children's faces before he agreed, but making sure they understood it was only because school was still cancelled for the next day.

Gabriel had also agreed to the children's request that he spend the night with them in the great room, although he drew the line at sleeping on the floor-he would sleep on the big sectional sofa instead, where Meggie had also elected to curl up.

After dinner, they'd all washed up and changed into pajamas before coming back downstairs with pillows, stuffed animals and sleeping bags. Ironically enough, they'd watched Mary Poppins on the huge plasma TV in the great room before toasting s'mores and having warm milk. Maria had told them stories and taught them some songs she learned at the convent. It wasn't too long before the children had fallen asleep, Meggie being the first to succumb.

Now it was just Gabriel and Maria who remained awake, facing each other but being careful not to touch on the sectional, and Maria shivered at how incredibly seductive the situation suddenly felt. With the children asleep around them and the only light from the fire, Maria could almost imagine that this was her family, especially with Gabriel speaking to her in such a soft, intimate tone.

"I think the sisters at Sacred Heart would strongly disagree with you about the practically perfect part," she murmured.

He smiled crookedly at her. "Well, you might not be perfect for a nun, but I think you're perfect for me-and for us."

Maria's heart starting pounding so hard, she was afraid he could hear it. She wished he wouldn't say things like that-it made it so hard for her to remember that he wasn't hers, that she wasn't a part of this family, that she was supposed to leave in just a few days when leaving was the very last thing she wanted to do.

"Since you decided that you wouldn't be a very good nun, why did you choose it then?" he asked, looking at her searchingly.

Maria hesitated, not sure how much to tell him.

"Well, when I was in college, I was a student teacher at the school associated with the nuns at the Sacred Heart, so I got to know them well. My parents were devout Catholics, and they'd raised me in the Church. They were older when they had me, so by the time I came along my grandparents on both sides were already gone. They were also both only childs, so it was just the three of us. After they died in a boating accident, the Church took me in since I had no family and I spent a lot of time with the nuns then, before I got placed in foster care. They were the most stable influence for me growing up. So I already had a lot of respect and affection for them.

The Sisters all seemed so serene and certain of their place in the world, and of their calling. This may sound odd, but the idea of having that certainty was...seductive, for the lack of a better word. Of course I had overly romanticized the Sisters and their way of life. Even as a novice that serenity and certainty eluded me and I was constantly admonished for not following the rules of the novitiate and trust me, there were a lot of them!"

"Did you know it was a mistake right away?" he asked softly.

She grimaced. "That would have been the smart thing to do, but no, I was determined to make it work. I'm nothing if not stubborn and my stubbornness wouldn't allow me to realize the mistake I'd made, at least not for awhile."

"What happened then?"

"I'd been at the convent for well over a year when the Mother Superior finally had a long chat with me about my suitability, or lack of it as it were. She was absolutely right of course-I would have made a terrible nun, if I'd been allowed to get that far." But even knowing it was a mistake didn't lessen the hurt that the Sisters hadn't wanted her, irrational though it was.

Maria spoke lightly, but Gabriel frowned, obviously sensing that there was much she was leaving out.

"Did you feel that they rejected you?"

She winced at the direct hit-she'd been even more transparent than she realized. "A little, yes. I thought that they'd be my new family, but it didn't turn out that way."

"From what you told me before, I know you weren't adopted. How many foster homes did you have?" he asked.

"I lived in five different homes, not counting the orphanage. Some of the stays were for just a few months, while the longest stay was for two years." She tried to keep her voice matter-of-fact, but she was afraid he was too observant to fool.

"Did you ever get close to being adopted?" he asked, his voice compassionate.

She swallowed. "Once, I thought that maybe my foster parents were thinking about adopting me, but it didn't work out."

She didn't mention that the hope had never died, until she finally aged out of foster care. Like the Trentham children, she knew what it was to hope for the impossible-the big difference being that the Trentham children still had a father who loved them, and they just had to be patience enough to wait for him to come back to them. Their hope had born fruit, while hers...

Maria shook her head, determined not to dwell on the past. "In any case, I was a good student and the nuns at the orphanage helped me apply for a scholarship to Holy Cross in Worcester. Without the scholarship, I wouldn't have been able to attend college. Still, the scholarship didn't cover everything, and like a lot of students I had to take out loans to pay for the rest. But I wouldn't be where I am now if it hadn't been for the nuns."

Gabriel smiled faintly. "Well, then the good sisters have my eternal gratitude as well." His smile slowly faded, replaced by an intense, determined look. "Please say you'll stay past the week. The children would be devastated if you left, they're already attached to you."

She caught her breath, wanting so much to say yes. "I don't know if it's a good idea. I'm afraid that I won't be able to keep away from you if I stay, and it's so wrong to be involved with you if I'm to be your nanny as well."

Pure masculine satisfaction blazed in Gabriel's dark blue eyes at her honest admission. "We both know that there's no way I'll be able to keep my hands off of you either, and nor do I want to. But I won't rush you, I promise. Just tell me that you'll stay and we'll work everything else out."

Maria bit her lip, needing to know about one last, vital thing, but terrified to hear the answer. "What about your fiancee? Gabriel, I feel awful about what we did last night-as soon as you touched me, the fact that you're engaged flew from my mind immediately, and all I could focus on was my desire for you. I did nothing to stop you and in fact, encouraged you. I hate that I'm not strong enough to stay away from you and that we're betraying her even just by sitting here together!"

"No! I won't let you feel guilty about last night, or today or right now or anything that happens between us in the future. The truth is that I'm ending the engagement when I see Olivia on Sunday. I want to do it in person, which is the only reason it hasn't happened yet. So Olivia won't be an issue for much longer. I wasn't lying to you when I said we weren't cheating. I won't be breaking any vows or promises, and neither will you." Gabriel stared at her, willing her to believe him.

She nodded slowly, still not sure if what they were doing didn't constitute cheating, but knowing that she wouldn't be the other woman helped to assuage some of the guilty torment she'd been feeling. "Don't you love her though?"

He sighed deeply. "Olivia and I have been friends for years. Her husband and I were college roommates and Olivia was his girlfriend. He died of a heart attack a couple of years before Elle died, so she understood what I was going through.

After Boston, when finding you seemed hopeless, I thought it would be best if I gave my children a new mother, and Olivia was the logical choice. I proposed to her last month before Thanksgiving, and we were both of the same mindset about basing the marriage on practical grounds.

I'm fond of her and care for her, but no, I don't love her."

Maria felt her heart lift at his words, as well as a huge sense of relief. If he didn't love Olivia then she would have a chance-he may never love her either, but more than anything she wanted to be with him and the children, for as long as he wanted her.

"Yes," she whispered. "I'll stay."

Elation, desire and relief all flashed across his face before he crashed his mouth down on hers, his hands stroking urgently along her back. His lips nibbled hungrily at her bottom lip, coaxing her mouth open and she moaned at the feel of his tongue sweeping in, caressing hers. They kissed deeply, feverishly for endless moments until the need that burned between them threatened to burst into an inferno and rage out of control.

Slowly, reluctantly, Gabriel gentled the kiss, sipping at her mouth when he wanted to devour it, to devour her. He finally raised his head, and the dazed look in her blue eyes combined with her swollen, wet mouth was nearly enough for him to damn the consequences and carry her to the nearest room empty of children where he could finally make love to her once again. She made a needy whimper of protest at the loss of his lips and the sound was like an electric bolt straight to his groin.

"Ria," he nearly growled.

"Um, yes," she said breathlessly.

"If you don't get the hell out of this room in the next ten seconds, you're going to make a liar out of me and I'll be deep inside you before you even think to worry that we're rushing things."

Her eyes widened at his bluntness and her cheeks pinkened. But she definitely got the message-she quickly hopped off the sofa, straightening her clothes. "Well, I better go upstairs then."

Thankfully, their kiss hadn't disturbed Meggie, who was still fast asleep on another section of the sofa. She scrambled carefully around the other sleeping children, making her way to the door. She stopped and looked at him, a shy smile trembling on her lips. "Goodnight, Gabriel."

"Goodnight, Maria," he said softly as he watched her leave the room. Despite frustration riding him hard, he was incredibly content and he knew why.

Mine. She'll finally be mine again. And this time, I'm not letting her go.

EIGHT

"DADDY, ARE YOU GOING TO pick us up after school as well?" Elizabeth asked Gabriel as he drove carefully on the icy roads.

"Yes, I'll be here with Maria at two, it's early dismissal today," Gabriel replied absently, not wanting to take his attention off the slick conditions of the roads. Although the roads were clear and schools had resumed Thursday, Gabriel didn't want Maria to drive the kids when she wasn't familiar with the way to the school yet. So he'd insisted on driving, with Maria coming along so she'd know how to get there.

It was a short drive, just under fifteen minutes, but the roads were curvy and with snow piled up high on the shoulders, cars going in both directions were forced towards the center, leaving very little room for drivers to pass each other. Maria was grateful that Gabriel had insisted on driving this morning-he was right, it was better for him to drive until she became more familiar with the roads here.

Soon they arrived at the exclusive academy and after hugging the children and walking a tearful, clingy Meggie to her classroom, they waved to the kids as they entered the building, all of them turning around and waving back wildly before disappearing inside.

As she watched each child head off, Maria felt a pang that reality had asserted itself. Yesterday had been another magical day. The children had asked if they could skate on the frozen pond behind the house and after carefully checking to make sure the ice was frozen solid, Gabriel had pronounced it safe to skate, and everyone including Matt had taken a turn on the ice. It had been years since Maria had last skated but she still remembered how and she loved just gliding around. Not surprisingly, Gabriel was quite a good skater-experience from playing hockey throughout his teen and college years, he said. He'd skated with all his children and then with Maria. She loved how skating allowed him to hold her in front of everyone, and she could tell Gabriel loved it too.

The past three days since the blizzard had been some of the best days of her life, and in a remarkably short time she'd fallen in love with the children and would miss them while they were at school.

She glanced at Gabriel, staring after his children with a faint smile on his face. Being here with him as they dropped off the children was giving her dangerous fancies-she could imagine doing this often in the future, she and Gabriel together, as if they belonged to each other and were a real family. It was a wonderful, captivating dream, and Maria was starting to believe that it could really happen.

Gabriel turned to her, giving her that crooked smile that she adored. "Ready to go home?"

She nodded, happiness filling her at the thought of the grand, enormous manor as home. More than anything, she wanted it to be true.

Gabriel took her arm and carefully led her back to the Range Rover on the icy path, and Maria shivered at his strong, protective touch. He touched her as if he had every right to, with a possessiveness that Maria found alarmingly arousing.

As they drove down the long, recently plowed drive leading to the manor, Maria spotted a red luxury SUV parked in front of the house.

"I think you have a visitor," she remarked. She turned to Gabriel and stiffened.

Gabriel's face looked as if it was carved from granite, and his lips were pressed together in a thin line. A muscle flexed in his cheek.

"Gabriel, is something wrong?" Maria asked. A fluttery feeling much like panic was starting to rise in her at his reaction to the SUV.

He finally looked at her, his expression unreadable. "It's Olivia. She's here."

NINE

MARIA CLOSED HER EYES AS she leaned against the door in her bedroom, her body trembling uncontrollably. How could she have been such a fool?

Olivia Langley was an elegant, auburn-haired, sophisticated beauty who made Maria feel both awkward and unattractive. As soon as Gabriel parked the Range Rover behind the SUV Olivia rushed outside, Matt right behind her, a carefully neutral expression on his face. Gabriel descended from the vehicle and Olivia immediately flung herself into his arms, giving him a long and enthusiastic kiss.

Maria sat in the seat, frozen, unable to do anything but stare at the man she loved kissing his fiancee. A ball of cold fire burned in her chest, growing bigger and bigger, and the agonizing pain was almost more than she could bear.

"I was able to get an early flight out of Montreal this morning and couldn't wait to surprise you!" Olivia murmured, twining her hands around Gabriel's neck.

"Yes, I'd say you definitely succeeded," Gabriel said, stepping away from the car and breaking Olivia's hold on him.

Gabriel turned to Maria, but she refused to meet his eyes, not raising her gaze above his chin. She could see his jaw clench.

"Olivia, I'd like you to meet Maria."

"Oh, hello, you must be the new nanny! Matt was just telling me about you. I hope the blizzard didn't make things too difficult your first week here," Olivia said with a laugh.

Maria belatedly realized that she needed to leave the Range Rover and stumbled out, giving Olivia a brittle smile and hoped it didn't look as false as it felt. "Hello, it's nice to meet you. And no, the blizzard wasn't too bad at all. But if you'll excuse me, I need to check on the children's rooms and tidy them up."

With that, she rushed past Gabriel and Olivia into the house, heading blindly for the stairs. She felt a hand on her wrist and tried to wrench it away, wanting only to get away from Gabriel. But it was Matt, not Gabriel.

"Maria, wait! Let me walk you to your room."

Matt put his hand at her back and walked her upstairs, and leaning towards her he whispered urgently, "Maria, please give Gabriel a chance! I know he'll fix the situation, don't worry. Olivia wasn't supposed to get here until Sunday-I know seeing her must be a shock, but trust Gabriel, okay?"

Maria nodded numbly, not really processing Matt's words. All she wanted was to get to the safety of her room before she broke down. She could feel the tears burning at the back of her eyes and a rising tide of humiliation, pain and despair threatened to drown her.

Relief swelled as they reached her room-sanctuary was finally at hand. She thanked Matt for trying to help and closed the door firmly behind her. Slumping against it in despair, she realized she'd been a fool. A naive, stupid, blind fool.

She loved Gabriel-she could now finally admit that to herself. She was utterly, completely, hopelessly in love with him, and had been since Boston.

That was why she'd run away that morning-she couldn't bear facing him, knowing that the night that had transformed her didn't have the same meaning for him. So she'd run away rather than face more disappointment, and then it seemed that God in His infinite wisdom was giving her a second chance.

Somehow, she'd ended up here, and miraculously, it seemed that Gabriel wanted her as well. No it wasn't love, but it was something to build upon, something that could grow into love if nurtured, and she starting dreaming that they could be together and that his family would become hers as well.

But now she knew that she had to face the truth-there was no way Gabriel would ever choose her over someone like Olivia.

His desire for Maria may be real, but it would be fleeting, transitory. He may not love Olivia, but he could over time-she seemed like a genuinely lovely person, and it was plain to Maria that Olivia loved him. Maybe Gabriel didn't realize the depth of Olivia's feelings for him yet, but to another woman in love with him, Olivia's feelings were crystal clear.

A tear trailed down her cheek, and Maria dashed it away, suddenly angry. She had no one but herself to blame for weaving such stupid, juvenile fantasies about Gabriel. She just had to accept that she didn't belong here with Gabriel, that Olivia did. She should be used to getting her heart broken-she'd had plenty of practice since her parents died.

Stepping away from the door, she grabbed her luggage out of the closet and opened her drawers, tossing her clothes haphazardly into the bag. There was no way she could stay here and witness Gabriel with Olivia. Already it felt as if her heart had been cut open with a jagged knife. All she knew was that she had to get away, to put as much distance between herself and Gabriel as humanly possible.

And maybe then the pain would start to dull.

GABRIEL WATCHED OLIVIA'S SMILE FALTER, the light in her eyes dim and hated himself for causing her any pain. But it had to be done-there was no way he could stay engaged to Olivia when he was in love with Maria.

The realization that he was utterly in love with Maria had hit him when Olivia had thrown herself into his arms and kissed him. It had taken every bit of his self-control not to push her away immediately, but he hadn't wanted to embarrass Olivia with his knee-jerk reaction. But it had felt so wrong to hold another woman and every single fiber of his being rejected Olivia, screaming that the only woman he wanted in his arms was Maria.

He nearly staggered under the avalanche of the truth of his feelings for Maria-he hadn't wanted to label the desperate desire and near obsession he felt for her, but he could no longer deny it-he loved Maria, and she was the only woman he wanted as his wife, the mother of his children, his lover, his love.

One look at Maria's tortured expression and her unwillingness to meet his gaze, no matter how much he silently willed her to look up, made it imperative that he break things off with Olivia immediately. He'd already planned on ending the engagement, but now he was desperate to do so and didn't want to delay a single moment.

But he felt like a heel for hurting Olivia, however necessary it was. He'd believed that her feelings matched his, but as he saw her try to mask the emotion, the hurt his words, however gently delivered, caused her he realized that he'd been badly mistaken.

"I'm so sorry, Olivia. All I can say is that a marriage between us would have been a mistake, and I was stupid to propose in the first place. You should have smacked me up the head instead of humoring me. You deserve someone who loves you every bit as much as Charles did, and not just someone looking for a mother for his children."

Olivia swallowed and nodded, smiling bravely. "I have to admit I've been having doubts as to whether or not I could be the mother your children deserve, when I've never had much experience with children. I think you're right-it's best we realize now before we make an even bigger mistake. Neither one of us wants-or deserves-to be second best."

Gabriel nodded silently, grateful for Olivia's graciousness and understanding.

She turned to leave his office, saying, "I came here straight from the airport, and I really should get home. I'm sure my housekeeper has been holding down the fort since the blizzard but I know she'll be glad to have me back."

At the door she paused, her hand on the knob, and turned to him. "Just tell me something-is there someone else?"

Gabriel hesitated, but decided he owed her the truth.

"Yes," he admitted. "It happened in the summer, and I didn't think I would ever see her again. But she's back in my life now, and it's not fair to you when I'm in love with someone else."

Olivia nodded, a resigned expression on her face. "It's hard enough to fight Elle's ghost, I would be a real masochist to want to battle a living woman as well. I wish you much luck, Gabriel. I do want you to be happy."

"Thank you, Olivia," he said softly. "I want you to be happy, too."

Olivia gave him another fleeting smile, but this time, the smile was real, and left the room. He heard her speak briefly to Matt in the hall and then her footsteps faded away. He waited another minute for her to say goodbye to Williams at the front door and then to drive away, and then he sprinted out of his office, determined to go to Maria immediately.

He ran into Matt in the hallway, and Matt grabbed his arm, forcing him to stop. "Hey, wait a minute! Are you still engaged?"

Gabriel shook his arm free, his mind already on Maria. "No, I just broke it off with Olivia."

"Oh thank God." Matt heaved a sigh of relief. "Okay, I assume you're going to Maria now, then. Good, because she's in her room in a terrible state and I think seeing you with Olivia hurt her badly."

"I know," Gabriel replied distractedly. "I have to go to her now!"

"Well good luck!" Matt called out to his retreating back. Under his breath he muttered, "I'm sure you're going to need it."

GABRIEL TOOK THE STAIRS TWO at a time and nearly ran to Maria's room. Without bothering to knock he opened the door, and his heart nearly stopped at the sight of Maria's bags open on the brocade-covered bench at the foot of the bed, filled with clothes. She was sitting on the bed, a pile of crumpled blue silk in her lap and he recognized the dress she was wearing the night they met.

Her gaze flew from the dress to him at the sound of his entrance into the room, and he slowly stepped in, closing the door behind him. Desperation rose in him at the evidence that Maria was planning on leaving him-again. Anger started to curl inside, mixing with the desperate fear.

"Running away again, I see. Tell me, were you planning on sneaking out or were you actually going to tell me this time?"

Maria's face flushed but she didn't deny his accusation, which infuriated him.

"It was obvious that it was time for me to go."

"Obvious to whom?" he growled. "Not to me, and not to my children. Were you even going to say goodbye to them? You promised me you'd stay, dammit!"

Maria stood up, eyes flashing and he could see the heartbreaking fear and pain beneath the anger in them. "Why would I stay? To see you make love to Olivia right in front of me? It's obvious that you two belong together and I won't be the other woman-not any longer!"

"I told you I don't love Olivia! I only got engaged to her for the children. And I just broke my engagement to her, so don't use her as an excuse to run!" he snarled.

She paled, but said, "But she loves you, I can tell! Why would you end your engagement when she's right for you?"

Gabriel swore, knowing he had to convince her of the truth or Maria would leave him. "I didn't realize that she loved me until I broke off our engagement, but it doesn't make any difference. I don't love her and I can't, because I'm in love with you."

Maria stared at him, but instead of reacting in any of the ways he anticipated, she said flatly, "I don't believe you."

"What?" he stared at her, barely able to process what he was hearing. "What do you mean, you don't believe me? I love you!"

"And I'm telling you I don't believe you!" she yelled suddenly. "How can you love me when you have Olivia?"

"Because I don't love Olivia, I love you!" he roared back. "Why won't you believe me? You're supposed to be able to tell when someone is lying-you have to know I'm telling you the truth!"

He frantically tried to think of what he could have done that would cause her to doubt him to this extent. "Is it because I didn't pull away when Olivia kissed me? I wanted to, God I wanted to, but I didn't want to embarrass her, not before I broke things off with her. I'm sorry if that hurt you-if I could do it again, I wouldn't hesitate to push her away, I swear."

He saw the doubt still on her face, the fear. How could he make her understand what she meant to him?

"You were the first woman I slept with after Elle died. I hadn't even been tempted to before I met you. I told you that meeting you changed my life-I haven't lied to you."

Maria was shocked by his revelation that he'd been celibate for four years before they made love. Maybe their night together did mean as much to him as it did to her, but there was still one question she had to know the answer to, even if it hurt her.

"Did you sleep with Olivia?" Maria whispered, hating herself for asking, for caring.

"Yes," he admitted harshly. "It was just once after we got engaged, mostly because it was the next logical step rather than from any great desire, at least on my part, and I can tell you honestly that it was nothing compared to what we shared." He almost told her that he couldn't stop thinking of her nearly the entire time he was with Olivia, and had felt like an absolute bastard for doing so.

She bit her lip, trying not to feel devastated at the idea of him with another woman, doing those wonderful things he did to her with Olivia, and failing miserably. "I know I don't have the right to be upset or jealous, but I hate that you were with her!"

"That's true-you don't have the right," he told her softly, and then when she gasped, the ache from his words an agonizing burn in her, he said, "You don't have the right-yet. I want to give you that right, if you'll let me."

She stared at him, wanting so much to reach out and grab what he was offering. It was everything she'd ever wanted, and more-he was offering her everything he had to give-but she could no longer hide from her fear.

"But how can you be so sure that you love me? No one has really wanted me before, not since my parents died. Not my foster parents, nor even the Church-they all found me lacking in some essential way. I even failed as a nun!" Maria cried.

Realization swept through Gabriel and all he wanted to do was to hold her close to his heart and never let go. He could finally see the root of her fear. It wasn't him she doubted-it was herself.

She didn't think she was enough for him.

If she let him, he would spend a lifetime proving to her that she was more than enough-she was everything.

"How can you see yourself as a failure?" he asked her tenderly. "So what if you were a terrible nun? I'm glad for it-if you weren't a terrible nun, then I would never have met you. You forced me back to life and to let go of the past, you helped me reach out to my children, you brought love and joy back into my life. I've never met anyone as loving as you, or as purely loveable. How can I not love you, with all my heart, body and soul?"

Gabriel's soul was in his eyes, and Maria couldn't look away as hope, delicate yet powerful, rose inside her.

"Christmas is supposed to be the season of miracles, right?" he said. "Well I consider you to be my God-given miracle, because He saw how much I-and my children-how much we need you. After loving and losing Elle, I know exactly how fragile life can be. I won't give you up, and I won't let you give us up. So as far as I'm concerned, there's only one question left that needs to be answered, and everything depends on it.

Do you love me?" He held his breath, desperate to hear the words from her.

"Yes," she whispered. "More than anything, more than I can say, I love you."

She suddenly smiled wistfully. "How could I resist you? I've been in love with you since our night together, practically since the moment I first saw you play the piano. That's the real reason I ran away the next morning-I panicked, because I couldn't deal with my feelings and knowing you wouldn't feel the same. How could you?"

"My love, I adore you but you can be incredibly dense," he said tenderly.

Maria gave a choked laugh, nodding in agreement.

"Because if you'd stayed that morning you'd have realized that I felt the same. I fell for you that night as well, and I was determined that it would be the first night of the rest of our lives together."

"I'm just so scared that one day you'll wake up and realize that you made a horrible mistake, and this beautiful dream will turn into a nightmare. I don't want you to have any regrets about choosing me," she confessed painfully.

He smiled lovingly at her. "I think it's safe to say that I'm as close to a sure thing that you'll ever find, but you know as well as I do that life comes with no guarantees. All I can do is to promise to always fight for us, but you have to trust me, and trust in our love. Do you?"

After an endless moment, Maria nodded and slowly smiled, and it was like dawn breaking across her face. "I do."

Gabriel shuddered, nearly sagging in relief and glorious, unrestrained joy. He held out his arms. "Then come here."

With a laugh that was nearly a sob, Maria practically leapt into his arms, throwing her arms around his neck and her legs coming up to cage him. He buried his face in her neck, holding her as tightly as she held him, breathing in the sweet, unique scent of Maria.

She was finally, finally his, and he would never let her go.

An eternity later, he heard her say, "Gabriel?"

He lifted his head to look at her beautiful, clear blue eyes. "Yes, darling?"

She said solemnly, "I love you."

And behind her words, he could hear her pledge her life and her love to him, forever.

"I love you," he said just as solemnly, and he was hers, forever.

He bent his head and captured her lips in a sweet, perfect kiss that spoke of his devotion. But as their lips continued to cling together, the sweetness inevitably turned to a clawing need to be as close as humanly possible and soon overwhelming desire spurred them both on, tongues, lips and teeth coming together urgently.

Maria gasped when the back of her knees hit the edge of the bed-she hadn't even been aware that Gabriel had been walking them slowly across the room. He tumbled her onto it, and she moaned when he situated himself between her spread legs, rubbing his erect c*ck against her mound.

"In case you were wondering, I don't have any objections to us making love since you're no longer engaged."

He grinned rakishly down at her. "That's good, since I have no intention of stopping until you come screaming on my cock."

Her entire body suffused with heat at his words, and she could feel her p**sy drench her panties. "It's good to know we're on the same page then."

His smile faded, to be replaced by a look of ravenous hunger. "Indeed."

He gasped when her hand slid down between their bodies and she grabbed his aching penis, giving it a long, pulling stroke. He shuddered, feeling like the top of his head was going to explode. "Ah, Maria, my love..."

She quickly unsnapped the fastening of his jeans and tugged his zipper down, her hand worming its way past the opening and inside his boxers and was soon on his hot, nak*d flesh, her touch sensual and so provocative. She caressed the head and rubbed her thumb against the sensitive spot right beneath the flared crest, making him gasp with pleasure. She then swept her thumb over his slit and coated her palm with his pre-come, his tip weeping copiously for her.

"Do you remember teaching me this that night?" Moving her hand down his rigid shaft, she grasped him and started rub him slowly, making sure to use a twisting motion, his pre-come acting like a lubricant as she stroked him up and down.

He bucked uncontrollably, his h*ps pumping urgently against her hand. "Yes, oh fuck, I remember! You learned so quickly and gave me so much pleasure, I could have died happy that night."

"Do you promise we'll do everything you taught me again?" At the thought of every deliciously carnal thing they did to each other, Maria pressed her thighs together, squirming against the needy, throbbing ache in her core.

"God yes! And I promise we'll do even more, everything else we didn't get to that night."

"Good, I'll hold you to it." After one last twisting stroke, Maria released him and reached up, pulling his head back to hers, frantic for his lips.

He groaned, kissing her fiercely. His hands came up and started unbuttoning her cardigan, baring her lace-trimmed camisole underneath. His lips traveled down her neck, pausing to lick at her clavicle before nibbling along the edge of the lace. He gently cupped her br**sts through the camisole and her n**ples immediately pebbled in his palm.

"God, I can't wait to taste your br**sts again, they're so sweet and tender."

Pulling down both the straps to her camisole and the bra underneath, he freed her arms from them and from the cardigan, then pushed both down until the fabric rested at her waist, baring her br**sts to his hungry gaze. He reverently touched her, cupping them gently, teasing her n**ples until she whimpered. "Do you want my mouth on these pretty n**ples?"

"Oh yes," she sobbed. "Please suck them."

With a groan, his mouth came down and he sucked one hard nipple deep in his mouth, and Maria cried out in ecstasy. She had missed his touch so much.

He moved to the other breast, and Maria's body was soon covered with a light sweat as she writhed under his wicked touch. "I need to feel your skin against me-please Gabriel!"

He sat up, breathing heavily, and nodded. He quickly divested himself of his own sweater and jeans, kicking off his boots while she did the same. Soon they were both nak*d, and Maria trembled at the fierce lust tightening Gabriel's features as his eyes travelled over every inch of her body, finally lingering at the apex of her thighs.

Maria moved her legs restlessly in response to his hot gaze, and his expression sharpened even more as she revealed her wet, tender folds with her movement. His tongue came out to lick his lips and she whimpered, wanting to feel his skillful mouth and thrusting tongue inside her once more.

Gabriel's head came up at the sound she made and she knew he could see how excited she was. "What do you want me to do, baby?"

Maria's mouth went dry-she hadn't expected him to want her to tell him. But he seemed to sense her startled shyness, and he stroked her cheek gently, tipping her chin up to meet his hungry gaze. "Tell me, Ria, tell me what you want."

"I...I want you to kiss me down there," she managed to say, blushing furiously.

But he was merciless. "Kiss you where? On your stomach?"

She shook her head. "No, lower. I want you to kiss my p**sy."

"Do you want me to use my lips or my tongue?"

He must like seeing her flushed bright red since he was determined to keep her that way. "Both, I want you to feel both your lips and your tongue on me. I want your entire mouth on my p**sy."

"I thought you'd never ask," he muttered and then slid down until he was wedged between her raised, eagerly spread legs and the sight of him there, about to touch her so intimately had even more drops of moisture oozing out of her.

Gabriel's nostrils flared when he saw the evidence of her arousal. He parted her folds, exposing her pulsing slit and her hardened, engorged clitoris, and slowly his head descended.

Maria cried out and spasmed at the first touch of his tongue on her cleft-it was like an electric shock straight to her clit. He lapped her eagerly, gathering every trace of her honey, and then sucked her cl*t into his mouth like he did her n**ples. Her thighs clamped around his head, and sensing her impending orgasm, he moved back to her cunt and thrust his tongue into her, f**king her with it.

Maria nearly sobbed with pleasure-it was so intense, and her memories of their night together not enough to prepare her for the sensations. He rolled and rubbed her cl*t with his fingers as he f**ked her with his tongue, and suddenly her cli**x hit hard. She screamed as she came, arching her cunt frantically against Gabriel's mouth and she could feel herself fluttering and flexing on his tongue as he continued to thrust it into her.

Slowly, the waves of pure, perfect pleasure subsided and her body relaxed, Gabriel continuing to nuzzle and tongue her p**sy. He then slid back up her body and kissed her, rubbing her tongue with his and sharing her flavor with her.

"Taste how sweet you are. I could eat you forever."

Maria moaned, his raw words only making her even more excited. "I need you now, I need to feel you stretching and filling me up again."

"Do you want my cock, Ria?" he asked huskily, rubbing the large glans teasingly against her opening.

"Yes, oh yes, I want your c*ck so much!" she cried.

"Good girl," he crooned. "I'll give you my c*ck and as much as you can handle right now."

And he slid into her, oh, so slowly. Maria inhaled sharply at the burning, stretching sensation-he was so thick and long. It had been six months since they'd made love and her muscles weren't used to this yet. But despite the initial discomfort, she loved feeling him in her, a part of her.

"God, you're so tight!" he groaned, not stopping until he was completely in, his balls pressed against her body.

"You're so big, you feel enormous in me. I've missed you so much." Her narrow sheath rippled around him, caressing him with her inner muscles and causing him to stiffen. She could feel him twitch and grow even bigger inside her and she knew he was close to losing control.

He growled and started moving, stroking her hard and fast. "It's been too long, I can't hold back."

But she didn't want him to-she wanted him as wild and crazy as he made her. So she continued to squeeze him inside and rubbed her br**sts against his chest, caressing as much of his body as she could reach. She encouraged him on with breathless little cries, clutching his shoulders, her thighs wrapped around his waist and heels digging into his buttocks, meeting him thrust for thrust. Soon, the fire inside her grew to a conflagration and she knew she was close to another orgasm. But this time, she wanted him with her.

"I'm coming, Gabriel, please tell me you're coming too! I need to feel you come inside me."

He groaned, and his strokes deepened. "I'm coming-"

And with a strangled moan, he stiffened, grinding hard into her and she could feel his sem*n release deep inside her in long, endless jets.

His cli**x triggered hers and she cried out, contracting and squeezing him, her cunt pulsating in ecstasy.

Gabriel collapsed on top of her, breathing heavily. She enjoyed the weight of his muscular body, wanting to keep him inside her for as long as possible. They laid there silently, entwined together, happiness and love binding them more closely together than any words ever could.

But then a thought struck Maria and her drowsiness evaporated. "Gabriel?"

"Hmmm?"

"What are we going to tell the children?"

"That we're in love and getting married at Christmas."

"Gabriel! They've only known me for a few days. And they don't even know that you're no longer engaged to Olivia. Don't you think that's too fast for them?"

He considered her words and then said, "You're right, it's too fast. We'll get married at New Year's."

Maria giggled, filled with an incandescent joy. "All right, New Year's, but only if the children are okay with it. I don't want our happiness to be at the expense of theirs."

"My love, they already love you. They'll be thrilled that I have the good sense to marry you. And even if they're less than thrilled, we'll work on convincing them that you're perfect for this family. Because no matter what, I'm not giving you up."

Her heart melted at his words. "I won't give you up either. You're mine now, and I'm yours. I love you."

"I love you too and I want to spend the rest of my life showing you how much. Starting now."

And with that, he captured her mouth with his, and his h*ps thrust gently. She gasped at how quickly he'd hardened inside her, and smiled wickedly against his mouth. She rather thought it was time for her to show him how much she loved him.

And she couldn't wait to begin.

