Prologue

A certain gentleman was spied sitting in the rain staring at nothing save his boots and the thunderous London sky. Curious. It is this author's belief that Lord Rawlings has officially resigned his fate to Bedlam.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

London, England

Rain poured in sheets. All of London seemed to have gone indoors while the storm passed-all except Phillip Crawford, the Eighth Earl of Rawlings. His good sense told him it was childish and foolish to stomp around in the rain, but he couldn't seem to help himself. After all, it might just be the last walk he would take as a free man.

Debtor's prison was his only future. Either that or somehow find a bride who was willing to take on his extravagant debt by marrying him, therefore giving release from the contract imposed by his arrogant father. At this point, prison seemed the more likely choice.

Phillip had never been a bad investor, had he any money to invest in the first place. His gambling was out of sheer desperation. He needed money, and he needed it fast.

At an epic low, he decided nothing would make him feel better about his lot in life than sitting in the rain and staring at his boots. And two hours later that was exactly what he ended up doing.

Alone in Hyde Park, he watched as the raindrops fell slowly and rhythmically onto his Hessian boots. Drip, drip, drip, in rapid succession until he thought he was going mad, he watched.

Closing his eyes, he tried to etch the memory of the rain into his mind-the smell and the feel of it on his face as it splashed and rolled across his cheeks, down his lips.

The outdoors. He would miss it. He would miss a great many things, but debts must be paid. Aside from that, what did he have to live for?

"Rawlings? Lord Rawlings?" A sweet voice called to him like a siren to Odysseus. "Is that you, my lord?"

He opened one eye and then the other. Standing before him was a nymph from the sea. It had to be-nobody in his acquaintance possessed such deeply green eyes or shimmering white hair.

Had he died? Had God struck him with lightning without his knowledge?

"Yes." He cleared his throat and waited.

The look on the girl's face would have given a monk an apoplexy. So full of joy, warmth, and hope. He was half-tempted to turn around just to be certain she was talking to him. Or was it someone else entirely? But she had said his name-his name. How in blazes did she know him?

But before any of those questions could form, she was in front of him and leaning down. "Forgive me." The last words she said before her lips brushed across his.

As far as kisses went, it was innocent- speaking volumes that the girl wasn't some brazen hoyden out to ruin her own reputation- but before he could fully enjoy the feel of her soft lips against his, she pulled back.

Phillip opened his mouth to say something, anything. Being stunned into silence was not a usual occurrence; neither was being kissed by some innocent girl in the middle of a storm.

Suffice it to say, he had nothing intelligent to respond with other than, "Oh."

"Just oh?" The girl smiled.

Phillip's jaw dropped in a mixture of shock and exasperation. What the devil did she want him to say? What was the correct response? Years at Oxford hadn't taught him, or any gentlemen of leisure, what to do when accosted by a woman. Being a rake, now that was something he knew quite a lot about.

And not just any type of rake, not the stylish sort that women often swooned over in ballrooms. No, he was a rake beyond redemption. The type of man that even mothers desperate for a title would give the cut direct to. It wasn't at all fashionable to align oneself with Rawlings, nor was it wise. Rumors of his past sins painted him as bitter and ruthless. He was both of those things and much worse. Using widows had been for sport. Dallying a friend's mother had been for laughs. And drinking whiskey out of a nude statue in Paris had been out and out fun. At the time.

The girl continued to smile, her entire face alight with excitement. It was in that moment he noticed her dress. She wore a pale blue riding habit lined with fur, and it was not lost on him that she was obviously gentry.

"Good day, my lord," she said and then lightly walked away as if she hadn't a care in the world.

Phillip rubbed his chin in contemplation. That was beyond odd and absurd, and well, it hadn't necessarily been at the top of his list that day, but it felt good to receive a kiss- no matter how innocent- one last time before he faced his ultimate ruin.

"Oh, and, Lord Rawlings?"

His head snapped up. "I do believe we'll be seeing more of one another quite soon. Good day, sir."

With that she disappeared down the hill.

He wasn't the sort to sit and attempt to figure out the minds of women, but this particular one seemed to have a hold on him he'd never before felt in all his years. As soon as the feeling appeared, it vanished, leaving him even emptier than before. Apparently even a kiss from a beautiful woman wasn't enough to lift him out of his melancholy. He sighed and leaned back against the bench, continuing to contemplate how everything had gone so horribly wrong in his life.

It all started when his father, cruel man that he was, had decreed that upon his death, Phillip would receive nothing of the family fortune until he married. Unfortunately for Phillip, he was not the marrying sort. And even if he were, his blackened reputation didn't help matters. Even if he could get past the revulsion of being leg shackled, he still doubted any of the mamas of the ton would willingly throw their daughters into his clutches. All matters considered, he was a blackguard and poor. At least that's what they would think when word got out about his debts. The papers had been sniffing at his heels for months now. It was only a matter of time before it was made public.

The problem was he actually was quite rich. But the rub was because he couldn't access his money, he was in the poor house, finally resorting to gambling to refill the family coffers. His stepmother refused to give him any of the money left to her. The instructions were for him to make a man of himself and marry without her help. She was a selfish sort. If Phillip were left dying on her doorstep, she would merely step over him and ask her footman to remove the garbage.

Suffice to say, while he faced debtors' prison and ruination, she sat by idly, all the while cheering her good fortune that he would no longer be a black mark on the family name.

Initially it was his stubborn pride that had kept him from marrying. His black heart wanted to hurt his father for putting such restrictions on him, but when his money ran out, his pride soon followed. It wasn't until the recent debacle with his half-brother John that he was forced to realize life was too short. John had not only kidnapped Emma Gates, now the Duchess of Tempest, but had attempted to rape her years before when Phillip himself was still betrothed to her.

And love? Love was quite possibly one of the most valued treasures in the world. But naturally, it was too late for him.

Because three months from this very day was his birthday.

The tower chimed in the distance-it seemed even London was aware that time was slipping by like sand in an hourglass.

The end of his life as he knew it.

Chapter One

Rake: A fashionable or wealthy man of dissolute or promiscuous habits, otherwise known as the very destitute Earl of Rawlings.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

"Papa, I'm so ashamed. It happened so fast!" Abigail fought to keep her smile at bay as her father's eyes widened in disbelief. "And then he called me..." She blinked back fake tears for effect, "a wanton hoyden."

"My daughter!" Lord Gates yelled. "A wanton hoyden? Of all the despicable things to say to my daughter! My only daughter!"

Abigail blushed at her father's mistake. "You do have Emma, Father."

"Ah yes, forgot about her. My apologies." He paced in front of the large marble fireplace in their London residence.

She had returned from Hyde Park a few minutes before her father came barging in on her tea time demanding to know what she was doing out walking alone. That was the moment Abigail had calculated and waited for. Blinking back tears, she began to tell him of her horrid attack. Naturally, it was somewhat difficult for her to recall details of an assault that had not taken place, but she had been memorizing her story for weeks. And had been planning this ever since her sister's marriage to the Duke of Tempest.

"Was he a gentleman? Do you at least remember that much, lovey?" Wrinkles lined her father's face. At fifty-six, he was a balding man who stood at least a head shorter than most men of his acquaintance. He sat next to the fireplace, his chest heaving from the exertion of carrying around the weight he had gained over the years since Emma's indiscretion.

But Abigail felt no guilt at her father's anger or at her deception. Long ago she had learned the cost of loving something too much. It would and could be very easily ripped away from you within seconds, altering your world until all that remains are broken pieces. Her father was one of those men, a man who was fully capable of forcing her to do his bidding regardless of whom he hurt or what it cost her. Emma had faced the wrath of her father, and Abigail had no plans to be the next of his victims. Which is why, at a young age, she learned that the best way to manage men-especially men like her father-was to deceive.

So she explained, in vague detail the characteristics of her assailant. "His hair was dark."

"Dark," her father repeated.

"But not too dark, Father."

"Not too dark." He nodded his head. "Continue."

"And his face-it was handsome."

"Handsome?" He squinted at her with disdain in his eyes. Obviously appalled as he scowled and waited for her explanation.

"Oh, but so very wicked, Father. A wicked handsome face it was."

Her father stared into the crackling fireplace. "And his clothing, m'dear? Was he attired like a gentleman of leisure, or a street urchin trying to make sport with you?"

Abigail glanced away from her father's brooding stare, fighting against the urge to laugh. Lord Rawlings was nothing like a street urchin. The man would be outraged to hear of the comparison.

Smiling, she turned back toward her father. "Street urchin. Definitely a street urchin."

"Well then, I guess that settles it." Reaching out to grab a snifter of brandy, her father nodded at the door, his way of discharging her. He had the information he needed, and she was now of no use to him. The coldness of her father's heart had seemed to crack since her sister's marriage, but it was in these moments, when he dismissed her as easily as he dismissed his servants, that feelings of bitterness would swell in her chest, screaming with outrage.

"I trust you'll be discreet?" She paused at the doorway awaiting his response.

"I'll make inquiries, but your reputation will stay intact, lovey, have no doubt about that. The last thing our family needs is another scandal to keep secret."

Abigail did not respond. Instead, she straightened her shoulders and walked briskly out of the study, leaving her father and his heavy cloud of bitterness behind.

If matters progressed as she hoped, she would see Rawlings at the First Annual Tempest Ball tonight. It was one of the last great events before everyone went into hibernation for the winter. Only one month remained of the London Season. One month for Abigail to convince Lord Rawlings to marry her.

Her infatuation had begun when she was but seven years of age. Always wild and carefree on their country estate, she had climbed a tree and fallen flat on her bottom. As tears poured down her face and she screamed for her papa, Rawlings happened by. He was on his way to visit his betrothed, Abigail's sister Emma.

Abigail had always been jealous of Emma. She was their parents' favorite daughter. They doted on her endlessly. Abigail was ignored, for their first-born was to be the savior of them all. She was going to marry the great heir to the Rawlings' fortune. An estimated four estates and two London homes as well as the title of countess would be in her grasp.

So Abigail wasn't at all shocked to see Rawlings stop by during the dreadful afternoon of her fall. He and Emma often met by the river and skipped rocks. As childhood friends, they were as comfortable around one another as brother and sister. Another thing Abigail envied, for she was never invited to join in on the fun.

"You're too young," Emma would say, while Rawlings would smirk and pat her head like a small child. Finally, she'd stopped asking and began spying, wondering what her sister Emma had that she did not.

"Are you all right?" Rawlings asked, jumping off his horse. "Is anything broken, Abby?"

"No-o-o." Abigail tried to be strong, but her voice shook as she answered his question.

His crystal blue eyes full of concern gazed back at her. "Abby..." he'd scolded. "You have scratches across your hands. Whatever am I going to do with you? Were you climbing the tree again?"

She could only nod, held captive as she was by his proximity.

"Can you walk?"

She wasn't a good liar, so she nodded and managed to get to her feet, though she desperately wanted to feign a broken bone so he would carry her. Rawlings' body loomed over hers. He was young and thin, but handsome and reckless at the same time. "I'll help you onto Devil here and walk you back to the house. Is that agreeable?"

Abigail licked her lips and looked down, breaking eye contact. He was so handsome. "All right," she said in a tiny voice. Strong arms lifted her onto the horse. Rawlings turned and smiled. "Trust me on this, little Abby. One day men will fall all over themselves just to help you on your feet. Mark my words. You'll be the catch of the Season, once you're out of pigtails."

Self-consciously, she reached for her hair. It was in pigtail braids down her back. Foolishly, she thought he might think her pretty, but she was so young, why would he look at her as anything but a child?

From that day forward she'd promised herself Rawlings would notice her, that one day he would be hers. But hope was soon lost when Emma was ruined and Rawlings began leading a life of debauchery and gambling. Like any young man in this day and age, he felt the world somehow owed him something, and he set off to prove to his parents and everyone else that he could do whatever he pleased and never mind the consequences. She had heard the rumors since her arrival in London and knew them to be somewhat true if her father had anything to say about the matter. It was apparent that he was still upset over the broken contract between Emma and Rawlings. She doubted that he still had the same ridiculous notions now that he was an adult.

But a plan began forming when the papers started writing about his financial distress. Granted, it was possible the rumor mill was nothing but that. Rumors. But she had it on good authority, hearing from her good friend Rosalind Hartwell, that Rawlings was in debt to his ears. Needing a savior, a debutante-an heiress.

Lucky for Abigail, she boasted one of the largest dowries of all the debutantes this Season. Emma had refused any money from her parents. Not that she needed any, considering she married one of the richest men of the ton. Tempest had enough money to feed and clothe several families over and still have money for himself.

The problem, Abigail thought as she reached the door to her room, was how to get Rawlings to see her as a woman instead of a girl in pigtails.

She smirked to herself and pushed the door open. He shouldn't have any trouble with that after today. She made sure of it. As kisses went, it wasn't the most delightful thing she had ever experienced. It felt awkward and rushed, but she hadn't any experience in the matter, so she steeled herself and tried as hard as she could to pretend to know what she was doing.

Rawlings hadn't responded, but he seemed a bit too shocked to say anything. And, saints alive, what was he doing out in the rain anyway? He'd catch his death that way. But her very best friend Rosalind had stopped for a visit to relay the message that he was sitting on that very bench staring at the sky. Noting it was easy to see his state of distress as she had passed by with her father in their curricle. And Rosalind was under strict instructions to help Abigail in any way possible. For she knew, as most true friends did, that it was of the utmost importance that Abigail secure a love match above all costs. So without thinking of the consequences, she ran out as fast as she could to try and catch him.

More than likely he thought her some silly chit out to ruin herself, when she was actually his savior. He just didn't realize it yet.

Chapter Two

Not that this author finds rakes to be horribly dangerous. Take the besotted Earl of Renwick, for example. Though this author is old enough to remember him in his wilder days, it seems marriage has been kind to that devilishly handsome man. A word of wisdom, dear debutantes, rakes make the best husbands, all rakes except the Earl of Rawlings.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

Phillip let loose a long and loud string of curses as he burst through the front doors of his townhome.

"I say, are you foxed?" James Gregory Harris, Marquess of Whitmore asked.

Phillip cursed under his breath and began wringing out his jacket on the marble floors before handing it to one of his remaining servants. "Do you mind explaining to me how you are on such good terms with my servants, Whitmore?"

"Easy. I paid them. Seems money has been a little tight around here, eh?"

Phillip was in no mood to defend himself or fight with his only remaining friend. What he needed was a blasted drink, but cuts within his household and staff had to be made, which all but snuffed out his habit of brandy and port. "Is there a purpose for your intrusion, Whitmore, or are you merely here to vex me?"

"Although vexing sounds enticing, I was merely here to tell you the good news. I'm to be married."

Phillip was silent. All he could hear was the drip of water hitting the marble floor and his own ragged breathing. Was everyone marrying now? First Nicholas, then Sebastian, and now Whitmore? Apparently something was in the whiskey, which also explained why Phillip hadn't shared in any of their luck, since he had no spirits of any kind.

"Married?" he repeated more to himself than to anyone else.

Whitmore smirked. The undeserving churl had all the luck. "Why, yes. Since my inheritance just last month, it appears I have also acquired a fiancee. Imagine the good fortune, it seems to pile up around me, does it not?"

"Apparently it does." Phillip shook his head and motioned for Whitmore to follow him into his sparse study. "You know, not all of us are as fortunate as you, to have a brother die and leave us to inherit the title of marquess."

"Deuced good luck, don't you think?" Whitmore winked. "I hear she's a beautiful little chit. Pure and untouched. I can't say I'm displeased in this matter. I have yet to set eyes on her, but I imagine my parents would not have settled for anything less than perfection. Pity I'll have to let go of Daisy for a while, as well as my newest conquest."

"Ah, the mistresses. How does the sweet Daisy fare?" Phillip was glad for the change of subject. Marriage left a bitter taste in his mouth and seemed to be haunting him every waking moment.

"Beautiful as usual, though she despises the fact I'll be seeing less of her now that I'm to act the part with my new fiancee. But once the marriage is sealed, I'll be setting up Daisy in her own house."

"Fortunate lady no doubt." Phillip snorted, and for a moment wondered about the other mistress Whitmore was always so secretive about. Rumor had it he was keeping company with a widowed countess, but Phillip doubted Whitmore actually had it in him to seduce a seasoned woman of the ton. The older ones always had so many rules. And if he knew anything of Whitmore, it was that he despised rules.

Whitmore appeared perplexed. "You mean Daisy is the lucky one?"

Phillip looked at his friend. "Both women who have so...happily landed in your clutches." His sarcasm failed to meet the mark, for Whitmore simply smiled like a besotted fool and took a seat in the study.

Dressed as a complete dandy, what Whitmore lacked in style, he gained in debauchery. It seemed his only goal in life was to accumulate wealth and bed as many women as possible-a feat he was accomplishing admirably, if the gossip was true. Yet, he was Phillip's friend, his only friend since the falling out with Tempest and Renwick. They had all been friends at Eton until a tragic accident with the duke's late parents left them forever separated.

Renwick and Phillip had both continued down the path of destruction, until Renwick was rescued by a beauty from the country. Tempest, on the other hand, had chosen the path of impeccable reputation, though in the end had to be saved from his own self-righteousness. And through a series of odd events, the three of them had managed to rebuild some of the broken bridges that had been destroyed during their earlier, more careless, years.

Whitmore smiled, revealing straight white teeth and a cool air of smugness. "I am certain she'll be besotted with me. Don't you agree?"

How to answer. "She will be most definitely pleased." That is if she can get past the idea of you having three mistresses at once as well as a fancy for brandy morning and night. "More than pleased, I'm sure." Curse his rotten luck that he had nothing to be thankful for other than a warm meal. Not even the promise of a lady filling his bed, considering he was too low on coin to pay her.

"So when shall I meet her?" Phillip drawled, trying to move along the conversation, so he could change out of his wet clothes and rid himself of Whitmore, who was making himself comfortable on the divan.

Whitmore tapped his gold crested cane on the floor before answering. "At the Tempest ball tonight. I say, have you secured an invitation? Your reputation with Tempest has been anything but savory these past few years."

Phillip opened his mouth to fire back a snide remark, when his butler Winifred strode in and announced, "The Duke of Tempest, my lord."

Tempest swept by Winifred and haughtily examined Whitmore from head to toe before turning toward Phillip. "Rawlings, I have come to formally invite you to our celebration tonight."

A muscle twitched in Whitmore's cheek. It was common knowledge he had had never been one of Tempest's favorite men, for reasons Phillip knew all too well. "But of course. I, er, was not aware an invitation had been received."

Tempest smiled through clenched teeth. "Now you are."

"Right." Phillip couldn't hide the cynical smile that played across his lips. What was Tempest really doing here? As if answering his question, Tempest stepped closer, lifting his walking cane into his hands and removing his hat. It left Phillip feeling momentarily uncomfortable that his butler hadn't the proper practice to remember to take the duke's belongings. Of course, it was partially Phillip's fault, for it was rare for him to accept visitors, and his stepmother was always turned away.

"I also had another urgent matter to discuss with you, if now is an amiable time." Tempest looked at Whitmore again.

Whitmore might be a dandy, but he wasn't a complete fool. He rose and bowed. "Your grace, I will take my leave. It has been a pleasure. Rawlings, do change out of those dreadfully wet clothes. You look awful."

He exited the room whistling and closed the door behind him.

"Arrogant fop," Tempest muttered. "I'll just have a glass of brandy while I wait for you to change out of your wet clothes. Such a shame, that jacket is ruined." Tempest examined the coat with sadness as he moved past Phillip to sit in the leather chair by the fireplace.

"About the brandy..." Phillip started to explain.

"Oh, forget about the brandy. Just change so we can get this over with. I hate apologies, and I do not mean to make mine longer than necessary."

****

Phillip did his best to hurry, though it was at least thirty minutes before he returned to his study where the Duke of Tempest waited. Winifred was acting as both butler and valet since Phillip hadn't the blunt to keep a full staff.

What the devil did Tempest want anyway? They hadn't spoken since...well since the wedding. A night Phillip would rather forget but knew was impossible to completely blot from his mind.

It was the night he had lost Emma, the new Duchess of Tempest, forever. And consequently, the night he found himself. The carriage ride home from Gretna Green had been dreadful. If not for the bottle of port, he might have gone insane. Instead he had drunk himself into oblivion, thinking about all the ways he had ruined his chances of finding a wealthy heiress.

His childhood friend Emma was out of the question. And in a moment of pure clarity, thanks in part to the alcohol humming through his veins, he realized it would have been a terrible idea. Emma was not the same girl, and he was not the same man he had been so many years ago. It didn't matter how hard he tried to be the same. He just wasn't. Sometimes he felt as if he was walking around pretending to be something he was not. Oh, it was his skin, his face, his features, but the man inside had changed so much. Much more than he let on. He would have been the end of Emma's spirit.

She was much better off with a man like Tempest. Although their engagement had been nothing but a farce, it turned into something much more as they spent time together. It wasn't long before Tempest was absolutely besotted with the girl. Not that Phillip could blame him. Emma was beautiful. She'd always been beautiful. With reddish brown hair and mischievous eyes-a man could do much worse. He could still remember the look on her face when he had torn up the marriage contract. What a cad he was. All because he had wanted to see what the world had to offer. Unfortunately for him, the only discoveries he made were whiskey and loose women-all of which left him even emptier than before. As his mind continued to dredge up pictures of his past transgressions, the curricle pulled to a stop.

His London townhome was located in Mayfair and was sucking the life out of his already empty coffers. That had been the unfortunate day the mysterious Mrs. Peabody had happened by and noticed the creditor at his door. The rumors had been running rampant ever since. Unfortunately, nobody knew the identity of the secretive Mrs. Peabody, so he couldn't snuff out the gossip once it began circulating in the Society Papers.

His luck had been taking a considerable downward spiral. So, it wasn't at all shocking to see Tempest in his drawing room, taking into account the circumstances. It seemed just about right to find one of his oldest friends and sworn enemies in his home. It wouldn't surprise him at all if Tempest pulled out a pistol to finish him off.

Besides, wouldn't it be doing everyone a favor?

Straightening his back, he walked into the inferno and was shocked to see Tempest smiling as if he had some blasted surprise in store. Maybe he did have a pistol after all. Known for being the Angel Duke, Tempest was often seen smiling when he was either very pleased or about to be very pleased, which was often. And by Phillip's calculations, the only thing that would currently please Tempest would be Phillip's demise.

Well, as long as he was quick about it.

"Ah, so the drowned rat has returned," Tempest announced.

Phillip desperately wished he had brandy or port. Squinting his eyes, he scanned Tempest's body language, endeavouring to figure out exactly what the duke was doing in his home at this hour. "Yes, well, I had a mishap."

Tempest tilted his head. "Did your mishap include getting lost for hours outside in the rain, old friend?"

Phillip tried to think of a lie that would explain why he had been drenched. He was in the beginning stages of a horrible depression.

Tempest continued. "I have it on good authority that you didn't even take a horse out with you. Just walked around like a depressed sod, waiting to be struck by lightning."

Oh, how accurate that sounded. "Spot on." Phillip let out a cynical sigh. "Except the lightning missed me, and instead I was hit by a sea nymph. Unfortunately, her lips were not poison-though I wish they had been. As you can see, I'm perfectly healthy. Now do tell me why you've been spying on me, and why you're in my drawing room, Tempest?"

"Ah, so we get to the bottom of things." Tempest grinned.

How Phillip hated jolly sorts stomping on his bad mood and overall negative outlook on life.

"Indeed." Phillip took a seat. "If you've come to kill me, could you at least make short work of it? I would hate for anyone to miss the great Duke of Tempest."

"Tsk, tsk." Tempest grinned. "That insult was hardly felt. It seems you're off your game today-but no longer, for I have a plan."

"Should I be concerned that the word plan flows from your lips the same way gallows would when spoken by an executioner?"

Tempest took a seat again. "Of course not. Now...for my plan."

"Can we use a different word? For my sanity? You understand."

"My...idea?" Tempest tried.

"Better. Yes, your idea." Phillip leaned forward, feigning interest while he watched Tempest's right hand for any sudden movements toward his side.

Tempest stretched his lean legs and folded his arms behind his head. "I've come to help you."

"Help?" he repeated under his breath. "Is it safe to assume you've been reading the papers then, Tempest?"

"Possibly. But I'm not offering monetary help, knowing you as I think I do. You wouldn't take it if I threatened your life. Got too much of that stubborn pride."

"True," Phillip muttered. "So how else can you help then? You going to offer me some of your saintly advice? Or did your wife send you over to play nice with the debauched rake of the ton?"

"Is that how you see yourself then? Hmm..." Tempest grinned. "Debauched Rake of the Ton does have a certain ring to it, don't you think? Yes, I believe that would look quite nice in ink."

"Ink? Tempest, would you stop muttering nonsense and get to the point?"

"What was Whitmore about?" Tempest ignored Phillip's question and stood from his seat, slowly approaching the fireplace. "Heard he inherited more than just a title. Such a shame they still haven't found the remains of his brother's ship. A proper burial would offer some closure for the family. 'Twas a tragic loss." Tempest gazed into the crackling flames, appearing lost in thought.

"Yes, well..." Phillip suddenly felt uncomfortable at the slight change of conversation. "He did say he inherited his deceased brother's fiancee. He seems rather pleased with himself, though I believe it has more to do with the title than with inheriting a wife."

Tempest smirked. "He's always pleased with himself. By the way, was I mistaken, or did his jacket have a sort of golden tint to it?"

"He believes himself to be very fashionable."

"To whom?" Tempest muttered, then added, "I am sorry, you know."

"Ah, so we get to the reason for you being here." Finally. Phillip couldn't take much more small talk, what with the impending doom looming over his head. "What exactly do you have to be sorry for, Tempest?"

"Sebastian," he ground out. "And you know exactly what I'm apologizing for."

"Do I?"

"Blast. You're going to make me say it, aren't you?"

Phillip made no apologies for the smug grin on his face. "That is why you've come, is it not?"

Tempest began to pace, his boots making scratching noises against the hard floors of the room. "For everything that happened with Emma. Had I known you had pure, or what you thought were pure intentions, in that silly mind of yours, I wouldn't have tried to kill you."

Phillip let out a bark of laughter. "Well, as far as apologies go, that wasn't half bad. Not every day a man comes in and apologizes for wishing you dead."

"Yes, well, I want to at least try to be civil, considering you're going to be spending a lot more time with us over the next month."

Time? What in the blazes was he talking about? "Time you say?"

"Heard that did you?"

"Tempest-"

"Sebastian," he corrected.

"Sebastian..." Phillip could feel his control snapping. "What have you done?"

"I told her you would be upset, but I just can't seem to say no when she gets these ideas in her pretty little head-"

"Sebastian!"

"Emma has taken it upon herself to sponsor you for the remainder of the season. She's convinced that marriage will solve all your problems, including that of your impending ruination." Sebastian put his hand up. "Please, I don't need to know specifics. Just be aware that my wife has it in her head to play matchmaker, and I do not have the heart to object to the duchess's aspirations."

"No. It's a simple word, Sebastian. Here, let me demonstrate. Simply open your mouth and say, no."

"Deuced good job!" Sebastian clapped. "Now, imagine saying that in front of Emma while she threatens to set Lady Fenton on you if you refuse to cooperate."

Lady Fenton was known for being a gossip monger and the loudest of all females known to the ton. In all honesty, Phillip had counted himself lucky that he had broken his friendship with her cousin, the Earl of Renwick, if only for the reason that he would not have to endure Lady Fenton or worry about losing his hearing at a young age.

"I don't believe I'm the one being threatened, Sebastian. You'll have to find better ways to deal with your wife. I refuse to accept the invitation, if Emma has only matchmaking on her mind."

"So that's final then?" Sebastian said.

"Absolutely."

****

"Blackmail is illegal. I'm surprised a duke would soil his hands with such nasty business," Phillip muttered.

His gaze fell on the dizzying ballroom in all its splendor. The white dresses of the twittering debutantes threatened to blind him as he took in the flurry of women and dandified men. It was, in Phillip's current state, the last place he wanted to be, even though he knew getting married would solve his current problems. The idea that he would be chained to one boring woman for the rest of his life was not appealing, nor was the prospect of having to make his way through the sea of people who would much rather see him hang than associate among their inner circles.

"It was either that or knock you out and bring you here without your consent. I decided blackmail would be the better course of action." Sebastian grinned and slapped him on the back. "Now, why don't you go mingle like a- how did you put it?" Sebastian snapped his fingers. "Oh yes, now I remember. A debauched rake. Yes, do try to have fun with that. You know when Emma finds you, it will be endless introductions and dancing, so I'd enjoy the freedom while you still have it."

"And if I choose to hide in the gardens or stomp out the front doors? What's stopping me? Hmm?"

Sebastian stopped in his tracks and turned around. "I'll just have to announce to the morning post that you've been holding a secret tender for Lady Fenton."

"Churl."

"That's your grace. Do try to remember my station, Phillip." Sebastian winked and sauntered off, looking quite like a peacock who'd just discovered he had feathers.

Phillip glowered after him and bit back a curse. He wanted to march after the Angel Duke and give him a piece of his mind, but first he would get a drink. If he was to survive a night with Emma trying to play his matchmaker, he must be somewhat inebriated.

Chapter Three

If approached by a certain gentleman with dark features, it is always important to close one's eyes, for the eyes are the window to the soul, and it might take only one look for that certain gentleman to trap you in a compromising situation. Mark my words, young ladies. This season promises to be one in which devils are allowed to roam about even in the most upright areas of society.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

"Emma, stop fussing over me." Abigail clenched her teeth but still managed to keep a smile on her otherwise irritated face. Emma, Abigail's sister, was enceinte and consequently fussing over everything within her grasp. It wouldn't shock Abigail at all if Emma started crying for no reason other than the flowers weren't the exact color she envisioned for her ball.

The afternoon had begun pleasant enough. Abigail had arrived at the Tempest townhome on Mayfair, hours before the ball was to commence and found Emma yelling at the top of her lungs out on the balcony.

"Emma?" She had laid a tentative hand on her shoulder, fearful that her sister had finally lost her mind. "Are you all right?"

"The birds! Curse those birds!" Emma stomped her foot and yelled another oath before storming away from Abigail and marching down to the kitchen. Sebastian had just shown up, chuckling to himself.

"Dare I even ask?"

Sebastian grinned. "I do believe your sister's experiencing her first bout of insanity. Either that or her condition is taking its toll on her already frayed wits. The poor thing has been working endlessly to make me proud. It is, after all, the first ball she is to host as the Duchess of Tempest."

Abigail shrugged. "It's just a ball. I don't understand why it's so important. It's not as if everyone still remembers the scandal you two caused. Not with Lord Rawlings scampering about in debt up to his ears."

"Ah, so you've been reading since your arrival? How refreshing that you've been putting your time to good use for something other than spying, like I've so often been told. And what was your other vice? Oh yes, manipulation. By the way, how's your father?"

"Less irritating than you, I believe," Abigail muttered and stuck out her tongue. "And he's fine, thank you. I'll be certain to keep my sister's condition in mind next time I see her yelling at birds."

"Patience, Abigail. Patience."

Abigail snorted. "Patience, right. I am known for having a great handle on the Fruits of the Spirit."

"Interesting. I don't recall manipulation being a Biblical virtue."

"So you're familiar with the Holy Book?" She smiled triumphantly. "Good day, your grace." Abigail left her sister's husband by himself on the balcony, laughing. She later found Emma weeping because her dress was not the shade of blue she had imagined for the ball. Needless to say, it had been a trying day for Abigail, so the fact that her sister was pulling at Abigail's shawl like a nervous mother was enough to drive her to hysterics.

"Emma!" she snapped. "Why don't you go greet your guests? I do believe it's time for a dance."

And with that Abigail sashayed away, closing her eyes in reverent prayer the full distance to the dance floor. Surely it was an act of God that she was able to escape her sister.

A couple on the dance floor caught her eye. They were lovely. She almost mistook the man for Rawlings, but then he smiled. Since she had never seen Rawlings smile, she knew it was a trick of the eyes. But who was the man? He was dressed impeccably. His dark features complimented those of his dance partner. She was unfashionably dark-skinned but had a beautiful smile. It was obvious they were in love.

"Spying?" A familiar male voice asked from beside her.

"Ah, your grace. How fortune shines on me this evening. The moment I escape one family member, I find another."

"I do hope that witty tongue of yours will be put to good use one of these days, little sister. I fear for your future husband."

A sudden shiver scampered up and down Abigail's arms, for the face of her future husband she already knew. Would he feel the same as she? Or want to muzzle her like the Duke of Tempest seemed to want?

"I see you've noticed Nicholas and Sara," Sebastian motioned toward the dance floor. "Captivating aren't they?"

"Who?"

"The Earl and Countess of Renwick, your cousins, though I recall you did not attend the wedding," Sebastian said. "They are approaching. Do try to keep your mouth closed, and..." He rolled his eyes as Abigail purposefully opened her mouth to vex him. "Do I need to blackmail you as well?"

"Pardon me, your grace?" Confused, Abigail shut her mouth and frowned. Who else did the duke feel the need to blackmail?

"Tempest!" Renwick held out gloved hands to Sebastian and then pulled him into a tight embrace. Lady Renwick shook her head and slipped around the two to greet Abigail.

"You must be Emma's sister. I have heard so much about you, dear cousin." Without any warning, the countess pulled her into a hug and laid a kiss on her cheek. "You're absolutely lovely. Has anyone ever told you that? I was telling my husband as we were dancing how striking the color of your hair is. How fortunate for you. And are you going to be here for the remainder of the Season? I do hope we can spend some time together."

Unfortunately, she was too nice for Abigail to ignore. In her experience, women were usually extremely competitive and faked their hospitality, or they were insecure and just plain cruel. Sara was neither. Abigail found herself in unfamiliar territory about how to act. Being genuine was not necessarily natural for her. Growing up with parents who were more concerned with appearances than anything else had a way of doing that to a girl.

Emma was lucky to have fallen from grace at such a young age. At least she couldn't embarrass the family any more than she already had. And now she was a duchess. No. Life was much harder for Abigail. Her parents relied on her for everything. Duty and an upright marriage. It was her calling-what they expected from her. The confusing part was that although they expected it from her, they already had everything they could ask for. Money and connections. Yet the pressure was still for Abigail to make a smart match.

She wondered what they would say when they realized she had every intention of setting her cap for Rawlings. He was an earl, which would work in her favor, but if the rumors were true, he was an impoverished one.

"Ah, so you're the lovely duchess's sister." Renwick reached for her hand and placed a chaste kiss on her fingers as he winked at his wife. "Would you honor me with a dance, Miss Gates?"

Abigail looked to Sebastian for permission. Her parents were not in attendance, and her sister and brother-in-law were acting as chaperones. He gave a swift nod and began an animated conversation with Sara.

As Renwick led her onto the dance floor, she felt speculative gazes turn on them. "Ah, the dreaded watch of the ton. I do hope you are ready for the marriage mart, dear Miss Gates. Some of the young pups will be relentless in their pursuit."

Abigail laughed. "Is that so?"

"Yes, and the debutante daughters are just as horrid. No offense intended, but some can be downright cruel. You'll take care to let any of us know if you encounter a situation you cannot handle on your own?"

The protective talk made Abigail smile. She looked into his piercing blue eyes and felt genuinely content. The similarities between Lord Renwick and Lord Rawlings were almost shocking. But the sensation of being in Renwick's arms was nothing like being held by Rawlings. Not that she had much experience for the comparison, only memories, mere shades from her past which gave her hope the feeling would be the same as it had been before.

"Ah, if you'll excuse me. It seems my wife is in need of me."

Renwick led her to the edge of the dance floor where Sara was motioning to them. Her face was flushed with excitement. "Lord Rawlings is here."

Abigail gulped. She hadn't yet seen Lord Rawlings, and her gaze hungrily scanned the room for him.

Sebastian's voice interrupted her search. "Of course he's here, just finished talking with him before I found my dear sister-in-law over here gawking at the two of you. Must have run off to acquire a drink. By the looks of things, he'll need it."

Not one to waste any sort of opportunity to make an impression, Abigail grabbed Sebastian by the hand. "You haven't yet danced with your sister-in-law."

"What's whirling about in that mind of yours, Abigail? Dare I even guess?"

"You would do best to avoid guessing, your grace."

Sebastian winced. "Right then, shall we?" His outstretched hand was invitation enough. She grasped it purposefully and flashed him a smile she knew her sister was famous for-the one that caused men to swear and women to gossip.

"Ah, I see Emma's taught you well. Now, keep those smiles to yourself while I spin you around, and see if you can't manage to enjoy yourself without manipulating everyone in the room."

The rub.

Abigail twirled and twirled, but her mind hadn't forgotten that Rawlings was in her vicinity. Awareness prickled down her spine, when suddenly the music stopped. Sebastian escorted her to the side of the room, away from other guests. Bending over her hand, he kissed it and left her to her own devices. Which was an entirely awful idea. He was obviously distracted to a fault. She laughed to herself. What a terrible chaperone the Angel Duke made.

****

Spellbound, Phillip watched. Strangely beautiful, immensely graceful. It seemed that the room had faded. It was her.

Only her.

Well, only her and that blasted Whitmore she was dancing with. Carefully, Phillip wove around the crush of bodies, finally stopping mere feet away from her and the dandy she was dancing with.

Whitmore threw a wolfish grin in Phillip's direction then whispered something to the girl that caused her to laugh. But, he noted, she did not seem focused on Whitmore one bit. No her gaze scrutinized the crowds, looking for something. Dare he hope to be the object of her search?

He continued to watch. As her spell began to weave into his soul, he realized he was powerless to stop the feeling of rapture that descended into his chest. Entranced like never before, he took a step and then another. As he edged closer, it was as if the universe was communicating with him in some off-handed way.

Blonde hair cascaded across her bare shoulders. The siren smiled, a pronounced dimple appearing on one side of her face. Musical laughter poured out of her as she tilted her head back and closed her eyes, lost in the dance.

Somewhere in the back of his mind, he wondered if this was the girl Whitmore was now betrothed to.

When the dance ended, she looked up at him. Their gazes locked for a lost moment, nearly stealing the breath from his chest. He held out his hand and waited, for the invitation was obvious even without being spoken. With a brilliant smile, she curtsied to Whitmore and took Phillip's outstretched hand. He pulled her away from the crowds toward the gardens outside. Once they were away from the crush, she reached out to stop him.

"So you've found me after all? Did I not say we would see each other again soon?"

"Yes, I-"

"Ah, Rawlings!" Sebastian's voice interrupted what he was about to say, irritating him to his very core. Could the blasted Angel Duke have timed it any worse? "I see you've been reacquainted then?"

Phillip blanched.

The siren lifted a haughty eyebrow in his direction.

So, his assumption was correct. He was going to be called out, and by Tempest no less. It seemed he would be on the opposite end of a pistol after all.

Sebastian gave him an odd look then addressed the girl in question. "You'll have to excuse Lord Rawlings, my dear. Seems he was out in the rain this morning. Been out of sorts ever since."

What the devil was she about? Had the world suddenly gone mad? Why wasn't Tempest hitting him, and who was this glorious creature in front of him? The duke had said reacquainted. Phillip had assumed he meant from their previous assignation that morning. He suspected it had somehow gotten out that he and the beautiful temptress had shared a kiss in the rain. But then again, if it had been found out, Tempest wouldn't be smiling like some idiotic fool.

It couldn't get much worse.

"Tempest, there you are!" Renwick yelled above the crush.

Brilliant. Proven wrong yet again.

Lady Renwick followed her husband through the swarms of people and joined Phillip, Tempest, and the siren-for he didn't know what to call her other than the name his dreams and lust had given her earlier that day.

"So how have all of you managed to become acquainted?" Phillip inquired, searching the eager faces around him for some hint as to the identity of the woman next to him.

Nicholas laughed and was the first to answer. "I do say, Phillip, haven't known you to be such a wit."

And yet, Phillip did not smile, nor did he laugh. It seemed impossible, but in that moment his eyebrows furrowed even more.

"Abigail. There you are. I've been looking everywhere for you. How dare you leave your sister on the eve of your first ball." The duchess rushed to her side and gave her a pinch in the arm before turning her attention to a very stunned and speechless Phillip.

"Rawlings, I have plans for you. I am sure my husband has shared my desire to see you wed?" Emma gave him a calculating gaze. Waiting, or so it seemed, for him to cower and nod his head.

Instead, Phillip was unable to speak. He was rendered mute as five curious sets of eyes darted in his direction. Being paralyzed was something out of the ordinary for the normally rakish Phillip Rawlings. Brain clear as mud, he opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted by Sebastian.

"Take pity on him, dear. He was out in the rain all morning."

Emma grunted. "Why the devil were you in the rain?"

"Yes, my lord, why were you in the rain?" Abigail spoke up. All doe-eyed and innocent. Every gaze turned to her. What he wouldn't give for the opportunity to spank that bottom of hers. Unfortunately, the image did nothing but give him a tightening in his groin and an all-around appalling feeling that he was lusting after Abigail, the girl in pigtails he used to tease. Abigail, who was seven years his junior. Abigail, his siren's call, the woman who had kissed him in the park.

In that moment, Phillip decided to speak, and said the only thing he could manage without cursing or making an absolute spectacle of himself. "I think I need another drink."

Chapter Four

My dear readers, it has come to my attention that the devil himself was dancing with the beautiful and innocent sister to the Duchess of Tempest. It begs the question, just where was her chaperone and what interest does the wicked man have? Some say they are family friends. Appalled they would even associate with such a heathen. Ladies, since it appears that the lecherous Earl of Rawlings will make a late manifestation this Season, might I suggest taking your prayer books along with you to the rest of the events?

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

Abigail could tell Rawlings was more than a little irritated with her. A look of fear seemed to flash across his face as well. It hadn't occurred to her that he would be so upset. She hated to admit how it pricked her pride that he would be so irritated in her presence. It reminded her of days when she was younger, when she was left out of the games they so often played without her.

Childhood memories came rushing back. Managing a large smile, she swallowed pride and fear and asked him to escort her. She knew full well that if he said no, he would be inviting more questions, and the others would wonder if he was ill after all that sitting in the rain. Rawlings glowered at her, then offered his arm to her. Triumphantly, she accepted but did not speak until they were out of earshot.

"That was close," she said.

Rawlings stopped abruptly. "Close? What are you trying to do, Abby? Ruin yourself completely before your first real Season on the marriage mart?" She watched, entranced by the way anger flashed in his crystal blue eyes. Men like Rawlings were dangerous. He moved with a panther-like grace unmatched by any man. Broad and muscular shoulders framed his body. Abigail had never seen a pirate, but she guessed they all looked exactly like Rawlings. All he needed was an eye patch and a sword in his belt. Dark hair curled around his ears, not at all in the current style. His appearance gave the casual observer the perception that he was anything but concerned about his manner of dress and his devil-may-care manner.

Rawlings broke eye contact and looked away. Entranced she watched his long fingers stretch around a crystal glass. Rawlings' gaze seemed to scour the room, searching for anything and everyone but her.

"Why won't you look at me?"

Cold blue eyes locked with hers, but it wasn't the way she wanted him to look at her. In fact it was the exact opposite of what she expected. Lust, desire, desperation-that's what she wanted to see. Instead, his face held no emotion but anger, and dare she suspect, irritation at her presence. Obviously he needed her more than she realized. Muscles tensed across his jaw.

Finally he spoke. "We will not discuss what happened in the park with anyone. Do you understand, Abby? I won't have your reputation ruined. You do realize that even standing by me will cause enough gossip to last the rest of the Season."

"Because you're such a rake?" she offered.

"Because I'm the devil himself. Now go off and dance with a man your own age, and do not make me regret my decision not to say anything to your sister. Debutantes do not run around throwing themselves at strangers."

Abigail stepped closer; his breath hitched in his throat. "But you're no stranger. I've known you since I was just a girl in pigtails, remember? Surely being by your side cannot damage my reputation." She laughed and leaned in a little closer. "It's not as if I'm kissing you right now."

****

Blast! So this was to be his punishment for leading such a debauched life? Seduced by an innocent of only one and eight? Phillip closed his eyes in vain effort to break his gaze from Abby's face. She was beautiful. He hated to admit that even if he had known her identity, it would have taken Herculean effort for him not to give in to that kiss.

Luscious lips formed such a delicate mouth, begging to be kissed and suckled-a mouth that any man would kill to touch. Although petite, her body managed to have curves in all the right places. Swearing under his breath, he was unable to stop the betrayal of his dishonorable eyes as they raked over the succulent curve of her br**sts. Her simple white muslin dress left nothing to the imagination as it wrapped around her body provocatively, giving the impression that she would fit quite perfectly in his arms.

"Abby, go away." His voice was husky. Oh, death take him, he could smell her. Intoxicating essence of rose water floated from her skin-it was magnificent. A tendril of silky blonde hair fell from her simple coiffure, making contact with her white shoulder. And that neck. Lust pounded through his veins; he was so angry and blasted aroused, he couldn't see straight.

Naturally, Abby did not move a muscle, except to lift her arm to pull at the silky tendril and wrap it around a delicate finger. Could a man die this way? With a woman so tempting he might sell everything he owns for one night with her?

"I will not."

"Will not?" What were they discussing again?

"Go away." She smiled encouragingly. "I will not. I want to dance."

Phillip scowled. "A lovely idea. Let me find someone of a suitable age and you'll be off."

"With you." She touched his hand briefly.

He was unable to say no, because the minx had grabbed his other hand while he was scanning the room for a young buck more suitable. He led her onto the dance floor, praying the whole way that the next dance wouldn't be a waltz or anything which meant he had to hold her closer than he already was.

Phillip's body was screaming for her in ways a man of his nature oddly hadn't experienced before. He snapped his fuzzy brain to attention. Focusing on everything around the room except her eyes, her scent, the curve of her body. The very idea that he was lusting after her felt wrong, considering he had always thought of her as a sister.

Unfortunately, she felt nothing like a blood relative. Her skin was soft, supple-and perfect.

"What are you looking for?" Her sultry voice interrupted his brooding. "I might be able to help."

Phillip let out an irritated huff. "Brilliant. You see all those gentleman standing by the lemonade?"

She nodded emphatically.

"Any one of them will do."

"Do?" Abigail tilted her head. "I believe I'm lost, my lord. What will they do?"

Phillip tightened his grip on her waist out of a mixture of lust and anger. "I thought it would be obvious, my dear. Any one of them would be acceptable for your attentions. In fact, I'm convinced you can secure at least four marriage proposals tonight, if you so desire. Your hair alone would drive them wild."

Abigail smiled triumphantly. "So, you like my hair now that it is out of pigtails?"

"Forgive me for being misleading. I wasn't aiming to compliment you, Abby."

She rolled her eyes. "Yes, like you did not mean to enjoy the kiss we shared either. Yet I know you did. Oh, close your mouth, Rawlings, before you set the tongues wagging. Interesting. Your skin has turned a sort of red color. You wouldn't happen to be embarrassed about our little tryst, now would you?"

Phillip bit back the cutting remark, knowing it was improper for a lady's ears. "I do wonder how Sebastian would feel about my strangling your pretty little neck. It is doubtful that Emma would miss you, since you're barely old enough to be out of the schoolroom."

At her brilliant blush and the sudden chip in her haughty bearing Phillip continued, "Ah, I see I've hit a somewhat of a tender spot, haven't I? Dare I say that was your first kiss, Abigail? And how did it fare? Was it so disappointing? I found it wasn't even enough to become a memory I would hold on to. But that's because I've had practice, which you obviously have not." Gripping her even tighter around the waist, he pulled her closer, so he could whisper in her ear. "Run along now and play with those more suitable to your innocent charms and deceptions, my dear. I have more important things to worry about than your blackmail and adolescent kisses."

Abigail's eyes were glassy with tears. Good. She should stay away from him. Better that she hate him than she chase after him and leave with a broken heart. Selfishly, he was doing it as much for her as he was for himself. He needed a wife, a savior of sorts, not a young innocent girl out to 'have' him for the notoriety of sharing a kiss with the debauched and almost ruined Lord Rawlings. And even if she truly possessed a tendre for him, Phillip would die before fanning her ardor into a full flame of passion. What he deserved was to be shot-not, to his dismay, the lovely wide-eyed innocent sister of his powerful friends.

Chapter Five

Was that Miss Abigail Gates this author saw leaving her first Season event early? And dare I say that her eyes were a touch watery? Alas, let this be a lesson to you, dear readers. Some men are beyond saving.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

Phillip was so exhausted; his eyes seemed to be propped open, incapable of closing, even though he tried in vain. He sat by the fireplace, feeling much the same as he had earlier that day-empty, alone, and angry. The bitter taste of wine and brandy was still on his tongue from the night's festivities. But the familiar drink had done nothing to numb his feelings toward Abby, therefore rendering the whole purpose moot.

Abby. He closed his eyes as the name rolled around in his head. Abigail Gates, who would have thought? Not he. The girl was up to no good...obviously. She had taken to blackmailing rakes for sport. Just what had gotten into that pretty head of hers?

Conflicting emotions raged inside him. Part of him was smiling at the brilliant luck of events that had transpired. All he needed to do was reveal that he had compromised Miss Abigail and his problems would be resolved. They would marry, his money would be released into his care, and he could pay off all his debts.

Yet at this point, it would be impossible. It would mean breaking the weak bond which had begun to form between him, Sebastian, and Nicholas. It would mean the end of any sort of happiness he hoped to have for his future. Better for him to marry anyone but her. Girls such as Abigail had certain fantasies about marriage and love. He could give her one but never the other. However, the thought of being stuck for a lifetime with a woman he was not attracted to held no appeal. Leave it to him to develop a blasted conscience and emotions at the most inconvenient moment. Deuced bad timing if you asked him.

As much as it pained him to admit it, he would have to take Emma's offer. She knew him well-at least as well as anyone could know him; he didn't even know himself anymore. Paying mistresses and drinking the night away no longer held the same thrill. The only friend he could claim was Whitmore, and it was a long stretch to call him a friend.

Life had never been more confusing or overwhelming. But it seemed he was being given a second chance at it. If he married well, releasing his money, maybe he could start over. Begin investing in things that interested him, put more time into his friendship with Sebastian and Nicholas. Dare he consider children? A legacy of his own? There comes a time in a man's life when he looks back at the things he's done and wonders if any of it actually mattered. Were the sins of his past committed only out of selfish desire to go against what his father had demanded of him? Was he so ignorant to think life would always smile on him, while he continued to make poor choices at the expense of others?

Rubbing his eyes, he rested his head in his hands and released a long sigh. What was he to do?

After witnessing the happiness Nicholas and Sebastian had found, it was evident Phillip was jealous. He wanted what they had, but it seemed their wives had literally been dropped into their willing hands. Sara was given over to Nicholas for tutelage. Doubtful that Lady Fenton meant for the tutelage to get that out of hand. All things considered, it turned out quite well. And Sebastian, lucky dog, was so blasted attractive and well titled to boot. The man could be diagnosed with a flesh-eating disease, and women would still be pounding down his door.

The silence in the room was deafening. The cruel world seemed to continually remind Phillip how alone he was. As if he needed reminding that no lady was beating down his door except the one he couldn't take, no matter how desperate he became. He sat and listened. The fire crackled and spat. Laughter danced in from the streets. And Phillip sat...empty-handed and alone.

It was time he did something about it. Time he changed his life, changed his reputation and his future. And he knew just how to do it.

An idea manifested, and as Phillip glanced into the wicked flames he smiled his first genuine smile in years. Yes, things were looking up.

****

Abigail hated that she was crying. Showing weakness was not tolerated in her family, and she held herself to a higher standard. But he had been so cruel. She thought they were merely exchanging witty banter. Instead the man had slain her with one well-placed phrase, paralyzing her tongue from snapping a vicious retort.

After he had abandoned her on the dance floor, her only choice had been to smile through clenched teeth and return to Emma's side.

Emma offered her a look of concern. "Where has Phillip run off to?"

Wanting nothing more than to curse the man who had embarrassed her, Abigail had to fight to keep her face and words kind. "Oh, I believe he had another engagement. I wouldn't worry."

Content with the answer, her sister looped her arm with Abigail's and led her to the place Rawlings had indicated earlier. "My dear, look at all these gentleman. They've been asking about you all night. I do believe we'll have many callers tomorrow afternoon. Why don't I introduce you?"

Abigail tried to think of any excuse to allow herself to remain where she was. The last thing she wanted to do was make friendly with gentlemen her own age. All she wanted was the horrid wretch who had ridiculed her inexperienced kiss.

"My head aches," Abigail lied, lifting her gloved hand to her forehead in attempt to deter her sisters pestering questions.

The tears Abigail had been holding back grew painful as she tried to keep them captive behind her eyes. Emma seemed to understand and escorted her quickly down the hall. "Has something happened, Abby?"

"No." Abigail sighed. "I'm just exhausted. It has been a very trying night. After all, it is my first ball."

"But you haven't danced with anyone other than family and Rawlings. However are we to find you a match if you don't make yourself available? Abigail, remember. You wanted your first Season, though Mama and Papa argued that you should wait."

She hadn't wanted to wait, because she was worried Rawlings would find someone else to steal his heart. Desperately, she had done all she could to get her parents to agree to allow her to debut this Season, short as it was-only a month of social occasions left.

"It is merely a headache, Emma. I'll be feeling better in the morning. Will you give my apologies to everyone for retiring so dreadfully early?"

Skeptically, Emma's eyes narrowed before she nodded her head and gracefully returned to the ballroom.

Slowly, Abigail took the stairs. How had things gone so horribly wrong? Had Rawlings not been transfixed when they kissed? Was he merely skilled at looking devastatingly handsome, no matter what the weather? His eyes had sparkled after their lips touched. But perhaps he was upset, or worse, irritated that she had interrupted his brooding.

Abigail bit her lip, and the music from the ballroom floated to the ceiling. Boisterous voices and laughter echoed off the walls. She was a young debutante; she should be out dancing, experiencing her first time in London. Instead she was retiring early and heart-broken over a rake's rejection.

Had Rawlings changed so much? Perplexed, and now in danger of an honest headache, Abigail continued marching towards her room. She sat in front of the fireplace, pulled her knees to her chin and thought. Men were men. Easy enough to control. All except Sebastian, who seemed to see right through her every ploy. Not that it bothered her. In fact, he had been nothing but wonderful to her since her arrival. Even after knowing the way Abigail had treated Emma before their marriage; both had still welcomed her with open arms.

The fire crackled. Abigail watched the flames, felt the heat of the fire warm her skin. Maybe Rawlings needed to see her as more of a woman. She looked down at her dress. White muslin. It was pure as snow and looked like every other debutante's. And the cut, although not conservative, was nothing compared to what Sara and Emma wore.

"That's it!" Jumping from her chair, she danced around her room and hugged herself. He just needed to see she had grown up. Nothing a few scandalous dresses couldn't fix. After all, he was a man.

"Exactly," she said out loud. He's a man. Men are drawn to beautiful things, and Rawlings, with his reputation, was no exception. He just needed to see her as more than an irritating little sibling. If desire was what was required to evoke emotion in Rawlings, then Abigail knew just the way to do it.

"Miss? Did you say something?" Abigail's maid knocked on the door.

"No, Meg. I was merely woolgathering." Out loud. "Will you ready me for bed? I would like to retire. I've a busy morning ahead." And with a gleeful smile, Abigail sighed.

Chapter Six

This author's curiosity had been piqued. While taking an innocent stroll through Mayfair, it was noted that a curricle of a certain earl was outside a particular duke's home. Well, they say that opposites attract. This author wonders if even the Angel Duke can influence a man as corrupt as Rawlings. It has been said that he once had a mistress in every hair color to suite his scandalous tastes. Alas, it seems we will be seeing more of this unfortunate creature. Ladies, guard your honor.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

Of all the ways for a man to swallow his pride, this had to be the worst. Phillip arrived at the house of his once betrothed, now the Duchess of Tempest, and one of the wealthiest dukes of the realm-a man he had wanted to kill and a woman he had desired for himself not so long ago.

Asking them for help was reminiscent of the time Lady Fenton had yelled at him for gawking at her bosom, when he was all but one and five. The lads hadn't let him live it down for years. He had been appalled the witch had seen him staring, and to this day, felt he couldn't quite look at her in the face without thinking of something else entirely. Shuddering, he lifted his gloved hand to the door and knocked.

They should be just about ready for afternoon callers. And although it was a little early for the women to begin making visits, Phillip had hoped he could have this dreadful conversation done and over with before the dandies and puppies made their appearances. No doubt they would be crowding the doors of the duke's home in hopes of an audience with Abigail.

He shook his head, a cynical grin creasing his lips. It would be impossible to use any other sort of address for her. She would always simply be, Abby. Not Miss Abigail Gates. And certainly thinking of her marrying and obtaining a title made him want to spit. Fortunately, it seemed she was merely out for a bit of fun this Season and not planning to marry. Her actions proved she was nothing more than a curious innocent out for London adventure.

"My lord?" The butler answered the door and recognized Phillip. Not because he was such a good friend of the duke's, much to Phillip's dismay, but because he was the infamous rake. That blasted Mrs. Peabody had made him sound more deranged than even he could imagine. How was it that the menacing woman knew what he was up to so often? It seemed he was being stalked like a lion's prey, and he did not appreciate it one bit. For every time he read the society papers a new sin of his was on display, warning the entirety of the female population in London to be wary of him.

It was another reason he had decided to take Emma up on her offer.

Nobody would have him otherwise.

Just this morning, when he went for his usual ride through Hyde Park, he was appalled to endure an elderly lady's attempt to throw an apple at his head. Unsuccessful, she had yelled a derogatory name, loud enough for some young ladies to hear. Their faces lit up in seductive smiles which were quickly smacked away by their mamas, who whispered who-knew-what in their ears. Their eyes widened in horror, and they scurried away as if he was some diseased creature.

Which he wasn't.

But they didn't know that. All they knew was he had been with so many women that even the men who called themselves rakes looked like innocent boys standing next to him. Not that the talk was minutely true. Hundreds of women was quite a stretch, even for a man of his appetite, and he hadn't fed said appetite in over a year.

The butler heaved a deep sigh, which spoke volumes, then looked behind Phillip as if to make sure nobody knew he was entering their house, and quickly ushered him in.

His pride would have been pricked had he any left, but instead, he was grateful the butler had insight Phillip hadn't. And even more grateful that the duke's butler had been reading his papers, for he had tea and biscuits brought in from the kitchens. Food wasn't that scarce yet at Phillip's house, but good hot tea was.

Nodding his head in a silent thank you, Phillip ate, and then he waited.

As he finished the last of the biscuits and his tea began to cool, Emma rushed in with Sebastian at her side.

"I knew it!" She tapped Sebastian across the chest with her glove. "I was just telling him this morning after reading the papers that you would be desperate enough to take me up on my offer."

"Ah, desperate." Rawlings rose so he could bow to the duchess. "A word I've been overusing as of late. And yes, you are correct in your assumption. Did you know someone threw an apple at me this morning? And the number of lovers I've had has tripled over night. Imagine my shock to wake up in my bed alone whilst I was apparently debauching half of London." Frustrated, Phillip hadn't meant to announce all that information to the duchess, but he was at his wit's end. Had he just said debauch in front of the Duchess of Tempest?

She burst out laughing, as did Sebastian.

"Glad to amuse you this morning," Phillip grumbled and reached for his tea. "I need a wife and fast."

"How fast?" Sebastian asked.

"Fast."

"Yes, you've said that." Sebastian closed the door to the salon and took a seat. "Now, answer the question."

Swallowing a bit of tea before answering, Phillip said, "Before my birthday."

To his credit, Sebastian did not swear, nor did he laugh. He merely stared at Phillip as if he had just announced that the world would end in two days, and that he was, in fact, God, come to pass judgment on the entirety of London.

"That's not so bad, is it?" Emma said, gliding to the settee. "After all, your birthday isn't until..." She looked away and closed her eyes.

"Get there faster, love," Sebastian mumbled. "Oh, fine. You've never been one for numbers. He has less than three months to not only change his reputation, but find a woman willing to trust him."

Emma's face fell.

It was always reassuring when one's friends had such faith in his abilities.

"Should I just leave then? Am I that hopeless?" Phillip swallowed, the fear rising in his chest. "I am aware I've been compared to the devil himself."

"It's not so bad as that, is it?" Emma's voice held the optimism that Phillip lacked. "After all, you did help Sebastian and me."

Phillip tensed. "Yes, but it seems one good deed isn't enough to erase all the bad."

Emma laughed. "Well, this will be too easy."

"This?" Phillip asked.

"Easy?" Sebastian laughed.

Emma took a sip of tea. "Men, always thinking with logic rather than strategy. What we need is to clean up his reputation-make an announcement of sorts that he's starting a charity, wishes to marry for love rather than connections. But we'll have to change a few things." She looked him up and down before glancing away and sighing.

"Change things?" Even as he asked it, he knew the answer. His hair was unfashionably long, curling around his ears. His face hadn't a good shave in two days, and then he looked at his clothes. Black and white. Always black and white.

"I see," he mumbled, suddenly wishing the tea was laced with brandy. "I don't have the money to completely change my wardrobe and way of life, Emma."

"Exactly."

"Is she always this vague?" he asked Sebastian.

Sebastian nodded. "Yes, but I've come to accept her the way she is, flaws and all."

Emma stuck out her tongue. "Gentleman, we've some shopping to do. If you'll just give me a moment, I'll notify Abigail that we'll be gone for the afternoon and unable to receive any callers. After all, time is short. We can't afford to waste even as much as an hour."

At the mention of Abigail's name Phillip's chest constricted. "Will she be joining us?"

"Doubtful," Emma said, rising from her seat. "She retired early last night complaining of a headache. I believe she's ill, or that she believes herself to be ill. Though for the life of me, I cannot imagine what would cause her to feign a sickness during her first ball."

Phillip swallowed the knot of guilt lodged in his throat. Breaking eye contact, he stirred another heap of sugar into his tea. "Right then. I'll just wait until you've said your goodbyes."

****

Abigail sat drinking her tea in the comfort of her own room. She practiced her best and most impressive smile, for she would ask her father for more pin money. In order to obtain the gowns necessary, she would need more blunt-blunt she did not have. Unfortunately, her mother had already outfitted her for the remainder of the Season. They would think her the most ungrateful sort if she asked for more, especially considering the Season was coming to an end.

Since she was staying with her sister and the duke, she would have to walk the short distance to her parents' townhome near Grosvenor Square. Taking one last look in the mirror, she attached her bonnet and grabbed her pelisse.

"Going somewhere, dear?" Emma asked from the door.

Abigail swallowed convulsively. "Yes, I thought a walk would be in order before afternoon callers."

Emma sat on the bed, smoothing out her skirt. "Is something amiss, Abby? You would tell me if something was troubling you? I know we haven't been close of late." Emma looked away. "I truly want to be a good sister to you. I am sorry if your debut ball wasn't what you expected."

Curse Emma for making her feel guilty. Slumping her shoulders in a very unlady-like manner, Abigail took a seat next to her sister. "I wasn't trying to deceive you, sister. Indeed, I was tired, but the ball you sponsored was perfect."

"Truly?"

"Yes." Abigail smiled. "Would you mind terribly if I took a walk?"

Emma scanned the room. "I trust you'll bring your maid?"

"Of course." Abigail hadn't planned on it, but her maid wouldn't say a word about their destination. "I plan to return before callers."

"Oh, my. Sorry, dear. It seems having a child on the way has muddled my wits. We won't be accepting callers today. An important matter has arisen, and I must be the one to deal with it."

"Oh?" Abigail asked. "Nothing serious, I hope."

Emma leaned in to kiss her on the cheek. "No, but it will be if we don't do something to help our friend."

"Friend?"

Emma was inspecting the gloves in her hand. "Hm? Oh. Yes, our friend. Lord Rawlings. It appears he must marry within the next few months. In his current state, it would take more than just a well-placed dashing smile to make him appeal to the ladies. Mrs. Peabody's slander has been brutal to the poor man. Not that he didn't at one time deserve her scorn. I do believe she's some rejected lover of sorts. Or maybe she's nursed a secret tendre for him. Either way, I've offered to help him clean up his reputation, and we must get to Bond Street before the dinner party tonight."

Abigail's mind began tirelessly working with the new information. He was looking for a wife? Why didn't the scoundrel look at her? Had she not made her intentions known? It was now imperative that she talk to her father, and if he said no, she might just cry real tears. What if the people of the ton saw the man she already knew Rawlings to be? What if Emma did such a good job that he would never notice her again? Part of her had to swallow the indignation that he had ignored her so scornfully, but still. There was always hope. And after she made a visit to Madame Valerie's Dress Shop his eyes would be opened. Surely a man of his tastes would fall head over heels.

She turned her attention back to Emma. "What dinner party is this?"

"Oh, Renwick has decided to throw a small get-together. It seems all Renwick's children are off visiting Lady Fenton's country estate for the last few months of Lady Renwick's confinement. The poor dear is probably going mad already. The ball was her very last event before being locked in the house. I do believe Renwick will stop at nothing to keep that girl happy, and he does know how much she enjoys spending time with friends."

"Who will be attending?" Abigail's brain was thirsty for information.

"Oh, 'tis just a small gathering, nothing extravagant. I believe Rawlings has been invited, Belverd, your dear friend Lady Rosalind, and us."

"Splendid." Abigail kissed her on the cheek again and bade her farewell.

"Do be careful, Abigail!" Emma called.

Abigail waved and ran down the hallway at a reckless pace, not even pausing as she rushed down the stairwell, straight into Lord Rawlings' arms.

His curse vibrated off the walls.

Strong hands came up to brace her shoulders. "Running from your sins, Miss Gates?"

So, it was back to Miss Gates-not Abby or even Abigail, but Miss Gates. Goodness she felt ancient and immature all at once. "I was merely...stretching my legs."

"Tsk, tsk. Ladies do not mention legs or ankles, or heaven forbid, any sort of appendage in the presence of a man. But I suspect you wouldn't know that, considering the type of behavior I've seen you exhibit in the past few days. First kissing a man out in the open, dancing with devil-may-care abandon, and now running around like a hoyden in the schoolroom. I'm shocked, Miss Gates."

"Shocked?" She lifted her chin giving him full view of her flushed face. "And what, pray tell, has shocked the great Lord Rawlings this afternoon?"

"Did I say shocked? Hmm...maybe not so shocked as I am amused. You haven't changed a wit since I last saw you, Miss Gates. Still as foolhardy as ever. I say, the only thing missing are those pigtails, and I'd be looking at the same girl I left so many years ago."

****

Even as the words came out of his mouth, he was cursing at himself. Her face paled, shoulders slumped, and that ever-present spark of mischief all but dissipated before his very eyes. And then, suddenly, she straightened her shoulders and sent him a heated glare he felt all the way to his toes.

"Thank you, Lord Rawlings, for reminding me."

"Reminding you?" he scoffed, though he was acutely aware of how uncomfortable her cold stare made him.

"Why yes. Reminding me of our vast difference in age. You see, I always find it refreshing to talk with older gentlemen, as it gives me practice for men of my own age. They are so very aggressive. I find that when I talk with men of a certain age, I am put immediately at ease with my choice to take you up on your advice."

"My advice?"

"To search out someone suitable of my own age. Naturally, not someone older, more seasoned, and consequently boring-without the least bit of understanding of what a lady with my careless nature, sans pigtails, truly desires or needs to be happy. Good day, my lord!"

And with that, the impetuous little chit marched off as if she had just been elected queen.

"Rawlings?" Sebastian's voice called to him through the indignant haze of passion he felt. "Rawlings, do close your mouth. What are you staring at?"

"The..." He awkwardly cleared his throat and helplessly glanced down at his boots. "The floors. Say, have you had them redone?"

Sebastian looked at him through squinted eyes and then leaned closer to his face.

"What are you about, Sebastian?"

"I can never remember. Are the pupils larger when foxed or smaller?"

"Foxed? I am not foxed!"

"You're staring at my blasted floors as if they arouse you. I'd say you're foxed. At least I hope so, or we have bigger problems than your impending need to marry."

"Ready?" Emma glided into the room.

An uncomfortable silence followed. Phillip flicked away Sebastian's hand as it gently touched his shoulder, apparently trying to calm him. "Right then, shall we?" he said, glaring at the duke.

Emma looked between the two men and clapped. "Oh, this will be so much fun! Now, Phillip-"

"Since when do you address me by my first name?"

"Since you were in short pants, now move. We have a lot of ground to cover and only a few hours to do so before the dinner party. Mark my words, Phillip. You're going to be the catch of the Season if I have anything to do with it."

Sebastian gave Phillip a sympathetic look.

"Oh, and, Sebastian, you are coming as well."

"Am I?" He shot daggers at Phillip. "But, dear, I would be in the way. I would..." He stopped talking the moment he noted the icy glare from his wife. "Right then, let me just get my hat."

Chapter Seven

Dear readers, beware. As I was walking through Bond Street toward the church where I dutifully pray every day, a sudden feeling came over me-similar to that when in the presence of sinners. It appears a wolf in sheep's clothing is lurking around London. One of the devil's own was masquerading as an angel of light as he helped a young child into his parents' carriage. Eating an ice and parading with the Angel Duke and Duchess, one would have never believed the good Samaritan was indeed Lord Rawlings. A reformed rake? This author is not convinced. Mothers, keep a watchful eye over your young ones, and debutantes, ignore the devil's good deeds. It is obvious that something is afoot!

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers.

The jaunt to Bond Street proved just as uncomfortable as Phillip suspected it would be. With Emma talking about ways to change others' outlook about his reputation and Sebastian offering advice on charities, it was no surprise that by the time they reached their first stop, the only thing Phillip wanted was a drink and something to shoot.

But his reputation was in need of repair.

So instead of getting foxed he settled for ices, hoping that the sweetness would somehow rub off on his dark mood and overall shoddy frame of mind, that Emma could magically bring him up to snuff within the course of a few months. Were people that easy to sway? Was it possible that it would only take a change of outward appearances, and he would have the ton eating out of the palm of his hand?

"Ah, the boot makers." Sebastian opened the door.

"And why do I need new boots?" Phillip asked, entering into his own personal vision of hell-usually he preferred an entirely different sort of amusement for his lazy afternoons. The smell of leather and shoe polish burned his nose as he made his way to the front.

Emma pushed ahead of both men and stopped when the shopkeeper looked up. "Spare no expense."

Phillip opened his mouth to speak just as Sebastian nudged him in the ribs and shook his head. "Allow her this one boon, Phillip. She wants to help, and you know we're good for it. You'll make it up to us one day." And with that Sebastian winked and joined his wife in the picking out of new boots for Phillip.

Guilt did not sit well with him as he thought about the stolen kiss with Abigail. Nobody could find out. After all Emma and Sebastian were doing for him, the last thing he needed was to somehow disappoint them by ruining the younger Gates sister. The unfortunate part was that the one time in his life he wanted to make something honest of himself was also the same time he had to keep a lie in order to maintain that same appearance.

Ironic.

The rest of the afternoon passed along the same way as it started. New boots, a new hair cut, a shave, cravats, pantaloons, breeches, jackets, hats, and to his absolute vexation, gloves. Why, he had asked, did he need new gloves? His were in perfect shape, albeit worn. Sebastian had then given one of the longest lectures of Phillip's life about the necessity of new gloves that were smooth, without stain or wear, and how many a woman will judge a man solely based on his gloves.

Phillip called him out.

So Sebastian felt the need to then address several patrons within the glove shop. Which wasn't at all fair if you asked Phillip. After all, who was going to disagree with a duke?

****

Emma continued to discuss the night's festivities as Phillip and Sebastian loaded the last of the packages into the carriage. "I believe we are finished."

Never had Phillip heard a more beautiful phrase. "Thank God-I could not handle another shop. In fact, here and now I've decided I shall never shop again."

"Agreed. Men should not be subject to such things. What we need is a good hunt and a fight at Jackson's," Sebastian said.

Emma glared. "Complain all you want, but when I'm right, and you boys are wrong, you'll be falling all over yourselves to apologize."

"Rawlings?" A shrill feminine voice pierced the otherwise pleasant late afternoon air.

Turning, he came face to face with his stepmother. Tall and slender, but with the emotion of a cold fish, it was no surprise to see her shopping. She spent money as if it never ran out.

"Ah, mother." He gave her a curt nod and turned toward the carriage. Leaving was his only option. After all, she despised him just as much as every other woman in London.

"Your graces." He heard her say.

Emma spoke. "Lovely to see you, my lady, but we must be going."

"Of course, I am sorry to intrude. I see now that you must have been shopping, my dear. Heaven knows my son has no money of his own after he gambled it away. Isn't that right, my dear?"

Phillip clenched his teeth, fighting with every ounce of his will to be the respectable man he knew he was raised to be. But it was deuced hard when one's stepmother made such brash remarks.

"Gambled. Such a dirty word coming from such a refined lady, wouldn't you agree, Mother?" Phillip's voice came out in short clipped tones as he continued to keep his back to his deceased father's wife.

"I see your respect for your elders hasn't changed much. Pity. Your grace, it seems even your good habits have not rubbed off on my son."

"I couldn't disagree more." Sebastian's voice was firm, immobile. And although Phillip was taut with stress his muscles did indeed relax as he felt his friend's hand on his shoulder. "In fact, we were just discussing the new foundation to be made in Lord Rawlings' honor, with a large donation given in his name."

"Foundation?" The dowager countess asked. "And what cause shall be in my saintly son's name?" Her words were dripping with sarcasm. The only thing that kept Phillip from saying something he would regret was the pain he continued to inflict on his own hands as he clenched them into fists, draining them of all blood.

"For the foundlings," Emma offered. "For orphaned children, as well as children who find themselves in terrible situations. Whether it be from negligent mothers or stingy families. But we really must be off if we are to make our next appointment."

Emma pushed past Phillip and entered the carriage, nose in the air, she held her hand out to Sebastian, who did a quick bow and entered. Phillip went in last and fought the urge to smile as he glanced at his stepmother, who curtsied awkwardly and mumbled in irritation, "Your graces," before briskly walking away.

"Well done, Emma! Absolutely inspired!" Sebastian laughed. "Though, I do believe starting a foundation for foundlings in Lord Rawlings' name will be a little hard for some to swallow. Don't think I didn't hear your little jab about mothers not taking care of their children."

"Horrid, shameful woman!" Emma huffed crossing her arms.

Phillip snorted. "She's always been that way. Too haughty for her own good. Though I think it vexes her to no end that I'm allowed into your drawing room while she is not."

"I would not receive that, that, that-"

"Darling, please don't hurt yourself." Sebastian patted her hand.

Emma huffed. "I find that I get so very angry when people are cruel."

Phillip silently watched their loving exchange and felt fortunate that such powerful friends would help him, would take him under their wings and laugh in the face of the ton. And although he appeared calm, his blood was still boiling beneath the surface as he sat in the carriage.

No love had been lost on their relationship. His stepmother had been a cruel and cold woman. Upon his father's death, the only money that had settled upon her had been that fit for her station. It was nothing to snuff one's nose at, but at times he wondered if she didn't aid in the rumors that made every woman in London cower in his presence. After all, if he didn't marry by his birthday, every last cent of his inheritance would default back to her. Four estates and more money than he could spend in a lifetime would be hers if she killed him, or if he didn't marry. Both scenarios seemed plausible in his current state.

"Phillip?" Sebastian rattled his thoughts, and it was then he realized they were already at Phillip's residence. "Shall we send a carriage for you in a few hours, for dinner?"

"Yes, that would be..." Phillip didn't finish his thought, for who was standing outside his door, but Miss Abigail Gates, father in tow.

Chapter Eight

Debased: To lower a person's moral character. For example, Miss Abigail Gates will be debased if she continues to be seen with the likes of Lord Rawlings. But that was merely hypothetical. This author, for one, knows the Gates family would never allow such an association.

- Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

Abigail congratulated herself for the second time that day on her brilliance as she watched the color drain from Rawlings' face. His mouth opened as if his intention was to greet them, then shut again. A muscle twitched in his jaw. He rubbed his face with his hand and then approached them.

It fascinated Abigail, for it appeared the shock had given him more vulnerability. But when their eyes met, a shred of confidence and indifference cloaked his face and manners. His steely gaze scrutinized her before he turned to her father.

"My lord, how may I be of service?" His proximity and clean shaven smell made her dizzy. Gone was the stubble Rawlings was famous for. Instead his face was all smooth strong lines, like that of a perfect marble sculpture.

Wavering for only a minute, Abigail turned to her father, awaiting his response. "This might be best discussed indoors, Rawlings."

Rawlings' murderous glare shot back to Abigail. He was undoubtedly concerned she might have let slip about their secret tryst to her father. If his look was any indication, Rawlings was contemplating killing her.

Smiling triumphantly, she followed both men into Rawlings' study, noticing how sparse it was. Money was tighter than she'd thought. Yet another reason Rawlings should be thankful instead of throwing daggers at her with every glance.

It was just her glorious luck Rawlings had arrived when he did. For her father was already disturbed by taking her with him for such a meeting. It wasn't for her ears, but she had begged and pleaded and made it nearly impossible for him to say no. He had relented on one condition. If Rawlings was home, they would be quick about their business, but if he was away, her father would consult him at a more appropriate time without Abigail.

God was obviously smiling on her and the plans in her head. It was so simple. She need only share with her father that she was afraid she wouldn't receive any offers this year, based solely on the fact that the man who had kissed her had yet to be discovered. It was her fear that he would reveal his identity and ruin her before her first real Season.

Tearfully, she had explained that she needed a protector of sorts. Someone known for his rakish tendencies who could protect her from the sin and evil of the world. And then her mind very beautifully came up with an idea.

"Father, what of Rawlings? We've known him for ages. I know you trust him despite what the papers say. Who better to protect me this Season and watch out for me than he? Surely, a man of his repute would hear any sort of gossip before it fell on the wrong ears, and he is so very brotherly."

And like a fish with a juicy worm dangling from a hook, her father bit.

Unfortunately, now that the fish had eaten the worm, she was pushed outside the study to await her fate in the hallway. Not one to give up, the minute the doors closed, she pressed her ear as tightly as she could against the cold surface and waited.

****

Sweating profusely, Philip cursed his butler for starting a fire. He was, in fact, ready to relieve him of his duties immediately. As each log was thrown into the inferno, his mood darkened until finally he resorted to praying. Though he doubted prayers for alcohol or spirits would be answered, as God was not inclined to aid humans in becoming mindlessly drunk. The butler soon left, and with him all Phillip's hopes of having some sort of witness to the unspeakable atrocities about to befall him for unwittingly compromising Lord Gates' daughter.

"Have a seat, won't you?" Phillip motioned to the chair and took one opposite Abigail's father, awaiting his imminent doom, so to speak, and a trifle embarrassed that he could not offer any sort of drink to his visitor. The marriage, and the money with it, could not come soon enough.

"Ah, yes. I mean to keep this visit short, Rawlings. We've known each other for quite some time, wouldn't you agree?"

Phillip nodded, because what else could he do besides blurt out all his sins?

"And after a long conversation with my daughter, it is apparent that you are, after all, a very well-known rake-"

"Yes, and-" Phillip interrupted, but Viscount Gates held up his hand.

"Furthermore, you've been like family to both my daughters, and though you've had a rough reputation over the past years, I can't see why you would not-"

"I understand, my lord." His breath was coming in shorts gasps now as he waited for the inevitable.

Lord Gates gave him an odd look. "As I was saying, I can't see why you would not be a good protector of sorts."

"Protector?" Phillip almost choked on the word.

"Yes, there has been a situation. And I ask that you keep this to yourself. Otherwise, I'll ruin you beyond repair. Do you understand?"

Phillip nodded, because frankly, he was unable to speak or mutter any sort of sense. Confused, he waited.

Lord Gates leaned forward, his girth pushing tightly against his jacket and pants. "Abigail was accosted!"

Phillip swore, but not because of what was just said, though the grimace on Gates' face gave way to a different interpretation.

"I do not say this to trouble you." Lord Gates frowned and continued. "But if it were to come out, that she...she was attacked by this street urchin, this rogue, this-"

"Rake?" Phillip offered.

"Exactly!" Lord Gates puffed his chest and looked away. "She will be utterly ruined. Though the girl cannot for the life of her remember who this man was. She's altogether fearful that he will come out of the shadows, so to speak, and spread vicious lies about her manner."

"How..." Phillip paused, trying to find the right words. "Frightening for someone as young as she."

Lord Gates scowled. "That daughter of mine is too blasted beautiful. And the worst part is, she knows it. I can't abide her manipulations and ministrations, but I truly believe she is frightened."

"Do you now?" The door to the study moved slightly, giving Phillip the impression that the innocent maiden was behind it listening intently. "I will do as you ask, Gates. After all, it would be deplorable for young Abigail to be thrown to the wolves of the ton. Can you imagine the scandal it would cause your family if it were to get out that she had had a private tryst with someone?"

Lord Gates shook his head. "It isn't to be done. I cannot fathom the ramifications on her reputation. It is her first Season," He shook his head at the thought as if it just occurred to him how old his daughter had become. "I must admit it would please her mother and me for her to make a good match."

"Yes. What are your prerequisites? For a good match, that is?" Phillip moved closer to the door then shoved his full weight against it, hearing a tiny unlady-like squeak from the other end, and to his amusement, a curse.

"Someone with a pristine reputation and good family connections," Lord Gates said, smiling at Rawlings.

Rawlings continued to lean against the door. "And this paragon of integrity's age is of no matter?"

Gates pursed his lips together making his round face protrude even more. "I have no desire to see her marry someone older, but I also know she needs a strong hand to guide her. Rawlings, I trust you to not only be discreet as you try to find out the debased man who accosted her, but also to keep a wary eye for anyone who might be a good match for my Abigail."

Phillip chuckled. "I cannot imagine anything that would bring me more pleasure." And he meant it. Somehow the girl had not only managed to use the situation to her advantage, but she had nearly given Phillip a heart attack in the process. He smiled and held out his hand to Lord Gates. "Truly, this has been a most enlightening pleasure. And I wouldn't overtax yourself with worry, my lord. I know exactly how to handle her." Simply kill her and be done with it.

He said the last part loud enough for Abigail to hear, and if her deafening silence on the other side of the door wasn't clue enough, the flushed face that appeared when he opened the door proved he had hit his mark. Nervously, she flinched and looked away as she tucked a loose strand of blonde hair behind her ear. Her nostrils flaring as if she was on the verge of saying something she'd later regret, when her father appeared from behind Rawlings.

"Things are settled, my dear. Now to the issue of your dresses being ruined."

The tense atmosphere in the room lifted, but it was unfortunately promptly replaced by that of more sexual tension than he had ever experienced. Abigail smiled sweetly and then winked. The minx winked. He should strangle her.

"Yes, Father. But it isn't at all proper to talk of such things here. After all, some of the things that were ruined were personal effects. Most of the materials were fine silks and smooth materials that feel cool as they drape across my delicate skin."

Ah, perfect. How does one punish the girl he's supposed to be protecting? And in front of her father no less? It was just his luck the idea of scolding the girl turned more erotic by the second, and if the blasted innocent didn't stop twirling that silky tendril with her fingers he was going to go mad.

She stopped, just enough to gain his attention, for he was fixated on the piece of hair that continued to fall out of place. Like cat and mouse, he was hypnotized.

And then she put the blessed piece of hair in her mouth.

Consequently, it was at that precise moment that Phillip made an oath to cut her hair and be done with the whole obsession here and now.

Lord Gates gave him a peculiar look and he snapped to attention. "Sorry, woolgathering. You were saying?"

"Nothing of consequence." Lord Gates gave a doting smile to his daughter. "It appears my daughter is to go shopping this afternoon for new..." His face turned slightly red as he lifted his hand in the air as if to grab the correct word from nothingness.

"Dresses," Phillip finished for him. "Splendid. Well, I do have a dinner to prepare for, so if you'll excuse me? Winifred will see you both out." They didn't need to know he had a good three hours before he was expected. His nerves had taken enough.

Once Phillip heard the door close, he swore profusely, making men everywhere proud for his creative usage, and slammed the door to his study. One thing was for sure, the girl would either ruin him or he would ruin her before the Season's end. There was no other option-no other choice. Ruination, it seemed, would always be his destiny.

****

Next to sadness guilt was the second worst emotion for Abigail. Fighting with her conflicting emotions, she continued to smile and go through the motions as she stopped at the modiste on Bond Street. She hated taking such desperate measures to get Rawlings to notice her, but what else could she do? At every turn he refused to see her as a woman of equal standing, as a peer. He saw her as vexing and innocent.

It was up to her, and only her, to prove him wrong. It would only be a matter of time before he saw what was right in front of him. Unfortunately, her father had worded it to sound more brotherly than she would have liked, but still. Rawlings made a promise to watch over her, which meant he would be forced to dance with her and stay close to her to make sure she wasn't in any sort of trouble. She had no intention of telling her father they had shared a kiss.

No, the kiss was done on purpose to ignite his passion. Instead it seemed to only fan a flame of fury. Was it her fault Rawlings thought she was blackmailing him? It had pricked her pride when he had made fun of her innocence. But after watching her parents interact with one another, and seeing how Emma and Sebastian got along, she realized a love match, even if it was one-sided, was more agreeable than being with someone you despised.

Abigail ran a gloved hand over the dress boxes on the seat beside her. So she had told a white lie about her dresses being ruined. Her parents could afford it; they had agreed to some new chemises and a few ball gowns, which is all she needed in order to gain Rawlings' attention. A gown of deep blue satin was the only one she was able to take away from the shop on such short notice, the rest would arrive before the next ball was to commence.

Now to ready herself for a most important night-the night she would secure Rawlings as her betrothed.

Her mood brightened dramatically as she walked into the Tempest townhome. Smiling, she sighed and began to make her way toward the stairs when she heard her name.

Turning, she saw Emma and Sebastian both seated in the salon. "Yes?"

"Come and sit for a bit, Abby." Emma patted the chair next to her.

Sebastian appeared angry as she flopped alongside her sister.

Emma nodded to the door, the maid left and re-entered with a few dresses of Abigail's that had been hidden among her things.

"I've been told you went shopping for new dresses?" Emma said dryly. "Imagine my surprise when the maid found a few of your old 'ruined' dresses whilst cleaning your room. Care to explain?"

Abigail could only stare. If she told the truth, they would know. Better they think her frivolous than lovesick. "I needed more dresses and knew Father wouldn't purchase them for me, since he had already paid for an entire wardrobe."

"And what was wrong with these dresses?" Emma looked to Sebastian for help. He sat, silent, emotionless.

"They aren't the thing. Surely as a duchess you know that, Emma. I mean, look at the neckline, and they are all in pastels. How am I ever supposed to make a good catch with pastels?"

"All debutantes wear pastels, Abigail." Sebastian looked away. "Do you understand how much blunt your parents have spent on you already? Are you not thankful?"

Abigail was silent. Of course she was thankful. Did they think her that spoiled?

Emma patted Abigail's hand. "It was wrong of you to deceive Father and us. You have enough. There are plenty of young girls who would kill to be in your position, Abby. You should apologize to Father for your deception and return the new dresses."

"Return the new dresses?" Abigail said angrily. "Why would I do that? I would be a laughingstock. Imagine, the daughter of a viscount returning dresses."

"Abby!" Emma snapped. "I really have no patience for this. What you did was deceitful and ungrateful."

"You aren't my mother." Abigail snorted. "Besides, I need them."

"For what purpose other than to flaunt yourself even more?" Emma's eyes brimmed with tears. "I do not understand why you are making this bigger than it is. Simply return the dresses, Abby."

"I will do no such thing." Abby swallowed the lump of emotion rising in her throat. A sickening feeling took over when the tears Emma was holding in spilled forth onto her cheeks in rapid succession.

"Pardon me." She ran from the room, leaving Abigail alone with a furious-looking Sebastian.

Abigail swallowed. "I-"

"Save it, Abby. I've tried to be patient. I've listened to your side, and it seems I'm correct in my assumption. Can you not be content with what you have? We demand honesty from you, and you attack us."

Abigail bristled. "You caught me off guard, and you know people will be gossiping about me if I return the dresses."

"So gossip is more important to you than the feelings of your family? Of those who love you, Abigail?"

"No, but, you know how it is."

Sebastian scoffed. "Yes, I do. I know that in order to be worthy of adoration you have to do something worthwhile. You manipulate, lie, and deceive in order to gain what you want. But, Abby, you will rue the day when things spiral out of control, and the same family you snuffed your nose at will be all that's left to help you pick up the pieces."

"Seb-"

"Enough!" he bellowed. "I will see to your sister. Do what you must- keep the dresses, burn them-I don't care."

The silence was daunting. Abigail wasn't sure what to do. The thought of telling them the truth made her feel even more ill. Surely they would not approve of her feelings for Rawlings, and they would be horrified to know she bought new dresses so he would see her differently. In fact, that just might drive Sebastian mad enough to lock her in her room. The tightness in her throat was overwhelming, almost making it impossible to swallow. She smoothed out her skirt and breathed in and out, allowing the horrid feelings to dissipate in her belly.

Abigail conceded that apologizing was absolutely necessary, but how was she to go about it? Especially since she had no plans on returning the dresses? As the seconds went by she felt more and more miserable, she finally relented and went to her room. Perhaps dressing for the dinner party would lighten her mood.

As she donned her new blue dress, she felt nothing but emptiness in the pit of her stomach. What was she doing? She had no idea how to gain Rawlings' attention. He was different from other men. And the confidence she had once felt in the blue satin ball gown had turned to a drapery of guilt on her shoulders.

She tugged her gloves into place and glanced in the mirror. Her hair was adorned with a few pearls, which matched the pearls she wore around her neck. When her eyes scanned the low bodice she nearly lost her nerve. It was by all standards, scandalously low. Even though it was en vogue, her sister would not be pleased, but this was the type of thing that gained men's attentions. So she took a deep breath and made her way to the stairs.

Chapter Nine

Is this the Season for reprobates? It seems this author is constantly finding more and more situations which demand immediate attention. Just how many rakes are floating around the haute ton? The numbers are astonishing. And I hate to say this, I really do. But it seems that the ever-present Lord Rawlings is now...en vogue. Not a speck of stubble was seen on his otherwise chiseled face. And even this author noticed the cut of his jacket, though attempts were made to shield the eyes. If rakes are now the thing, then I pity all ladies with eyes.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

Phillip nervously scanned the room. His hands itched to grab at the champagne as the tray floated by his head, but he needed his wits about him. Most importantly, this was the first dinner party after his radical reformation. At one point he thought to carry a prayer book with him just to make sure the "holy and forgiven" effect was given.

Although Sebastian and Emma had hinted at a small party, it was obvious several members of the ton had somehow managed to squeeze their way into the private dinner, making what was once a small get-together into a rather large affair with over fifty people skittering about.

Sighing, he made his way toward the salon where some guests were lounging and conversing. The large townhome was lit with hundreds of candles, giving a glowing result to the marble floors and expensive Persian rugs. Phillip grimaced as he remembered a time when he used to live for the candlelight, for it meant nighttime was upon him. A time when he could take advantage of women for his own pleasure and gamble until the wee hours of the morning. Now the lights flickered, mocking his every move as if to say his time was up. All the stolen moments in the gardens, on the balconies, and in the gambling halls had brought him right back to the place he had been.

In need of a wife.

Brushing shoulders with the ton.

And pretending to be something he was not-good.

"Rawlings?" There was no mistaking the voice.

"Lady Fenton, how do you do this fine evening?" Bowing over her hand, he kissed the air above her fingers and managed a smile. She blanched and her eyes raked him up and down until he began shifting uncomfortably on his feet. Why did he feel nak*d beneath her scrutiny?

"Oh my." She fanned herself, blushing profusely. "Forgive me, my lord, it seems I've forgotten how striking you can be."

"Yes, well, debauchery does have a way of blackening one's countenance, wouldn't you say?"

She lifted her eyebrow and tittered. "Ah, I would say. I would most definitely say." What madness was this? The woman was married. It wasn't as if he had changed so much about himself, save his clothes and style of hair. Clearing his throat, he excused himself and sought out where Sebastian was holding court with Renwick and Belverd.

Phillip felt like a dandy standing next to the rest of them and had to fight to keep his feet firmly planted, lest he lose his nerve and run back to his home in search of black and white clothing. Sebastian had sworn repeatedly that with Phillip's frame, he would be able to get away with colors other than black. But in order not to push him past his limitations, they had chosen a gray dinner jacket with a midnight blue waistcoat. Even Phillip had appreciated the effect...until Lady Fenton scanned him like a tasty morsel. All he could think as she assailed him with her eyes was that he mustn't look at her bosom. For she would assume he was thinking about her bosom, and that would be devastating. A rush of memories came flowing back just as Sebastian said his name.

"Yes?"

"I said, 'Are you having a good time?' I noticed your chat with Lady Fenton. I do hope she has been welcoming."

"Yes, well, my hearing is as intact as is my honor." He winked at Nicholas, who rolled his eyes.

While the men continued to chat, Phillip listened and joked...and eventually relaxed. They were friends, after all, and in a twisted way it felt as though he was finally being welcomed home. Slowly, the atmosphere changed into that of old friends until it stopped abruptly. Phillip looked at Sebastian in confusion, but Sebastian's eyes were trained on the door.

Phillip's gaze followed Sebastian's line of sight, coming to rest on a vision in blue. Abigail had arrived, but for the life of him, Phillip could not figure out why it would displease the Angel Duke so, or why the sudden appearance of Abigail would cause such a disturbance for Sebastian.

Her gaze darted in all directions until they rested on Phillip. She smiled weakly. He half expected her to twirl in a circle like she had done when she was a little girl. Instead she nodded her head and turned to the women on her right.

Not that Philip hadn't already known it, but Abigail was very much a grown woman. And the gown she was wearing only added to the already frustrated feelings of lust pounding through him. That girl needed more than a chaperone. "Someone should lock her in her room."

"I couldn't agree more," Sebastian said darkly.

"My apologies. I hadn't meant to say that out loud." Phillip inwardly cursed.

Sebastian closed his eyes and pinched his nose. "Please, do not apologize on my account. We had a bit of a fight early this afternoon. Emma has been out of sorts ever since, and I've had a blasted hard time not paddling Abigail's bottom for making my wife so miserable."

Did that mean Sebastian was taking volunteers?

Phillip shook his head. First, to get that inappropriate thought of his head, and second, to shake the image of Abigail from his consciousness. All golden hair, staggering green eyes, and petite voluptuous curves. Not to mention rosy red lips and pale white skin. With his nostrils flaring, he managed to speak only one word. "Champagne?"

"Yes, of course." Sebastian motioned for the servant.

Phillip relished the feeling of the dry substance as it poured down his throat. But the aching did not subside. What was that verse in the Bible? If your eyes cause you to sin, better you cut your eyes out than go on sinning? A little extreme, but in this case...it would be the only way.

No, his mind argued. Her image is imprinted into your existence-it is in your soul. If you could not see, you could smell, you could hear, you could breathe the same air. And she would still haunt you, until the day you die.

Phillip looked down at his empty glass.

"Dinner is served," a deep voice announced.

Men began escorting women side by side to the dining room. Feeling somewhat left out, Phillip awkwardly stayed behind. But when Lady Fenton's eye fell to him, he panicked and desperately searched for a living, breathing female he could pull. It just so happened that the only female left in the room, save Lady Fenton, was Abigail.

Mumbling an oath, he approached her. "May I escort you?"

Abigail's face lit up like sunshine, and he immediately regretted his decision. He was supposed to be discouraging her. He didn't deserve to be looked at in that manner-as if he single-handedly created the earth in six days. Roughly, he grabbed her hand and placed it on his, then without a word, he led her down the lit hallway.

Was it his imagination or did the house have more dimly lit corridors than he remembered? And just how many darkened corners were they passing? His brain told him to move forward. His body, however, had very different entertainments in mind. Suddenly thankful that they were last, he walked a little faster. How in the devil was he supposed to help protect young Abigail when he hardly had enough energy to protect her from himself?

****

It had worked! Abigail smiled triumphantly until her gaze fell on Sebastian, and then Emma. She tensed under Rawlings' arm and hung her head. The moment of elation was not worth the scalding glare she received from Sebastian, nor the hurt she read in her sister's eyes.

She was not stupid. Abigail knew she had hurt her sister's feelings, and since Emma was nearing her confinement, she was becoming more and more emotional. She couldn't help but feel as if the darkened mood was all her fault, Abigail did not even notice that Rawlings had taken a seat next to her.

It wasn't common for Abigail to feel gloomy. Needless to say it took her by surprise considering it was not something she was used to. She ate her soup in silence, glancing every few minutes at Emma, hoping to gain her attention. Sebastian caught her staring and shook his head as if to warn her to leave well enough alone.

As she fought the lump in her throat, she wanted nothing more than to rip the blasted dress off and throw it in the fire, but that would cause even more scandal. So she choked down the dry food and listened to the light conversation, praying the dinner would soon be over.

When dinner finally ended, she pushed her chair out and retired with the rest of the ladies to the blue room, sherry in hand.

"I just cannot believe they would invite him," the Dowager Duchess of Barlowe said. "And I am sorry to say this, I really am, but does he truly believe a good shave will fog everyone's memories of the drunken escapades of his past?"

Lady Fenton closed her eyes. "I agree, your grace, but isn't he a delight to look upon? Several times I caught myself glancing at his figure. I find that I get hot thinking about it."

"That, my dear friend, is age talking, not Lord Rawlings." The dowager smiled. "It is necessary that we continue to ignore the man until he gets the idea that he is not accepted into society. Not now, not ever."

Abigail cleared her throat. "I am sorry, your grace, but I don't agree with your assessment of his character. After all, who are we to pass judgment? Have we not all made mistakes in our lives?"

"Spoken like a true innocent." The dowager smiled sadly. "It seems that Lord Rawlings has a champion in you, my girl."

Abigail furrowed her eyebrows, because it wasn't that she was his champion, it was that he deserved a chance just as much as anyone. "I may be young, but it is that innocent outlook on life that tells my heart to give everyone an opportunity, regardless of their past. Do you not agree that a person's past can either define or change their future? If then, we project someone's past into his or her future, we are not practicing forgiveness, nor goodness, but condemnation."

"Bravo, my dear," The dowager couldn't look more pleased, yet wasn't she just the one saying horrid things about Rawlings?

Rosalind, who had been quiet during the entire exchange, winked at Abigail. Feeling slightly better, Abigail relaxed, until her sister entered the room. Her eyes looked sad, making Abigail feel even worse.

"Abigail, that dress becomes you. Who made it?" Lady Fenton asked.

Quickly, Abigail looked to Emma, who refused to return her stare.

"It's from Madame Valerie's, Lady Fenton. If you'll just excuse me then."

Abigail bolted from her seat and ran to the outside balcony, choking back tears the entire way. Only when she reached the cool night air, was she able to finally give into gut-wrenching sobs that had threatened her during the previous conversation. She was being emotional, and she knew it. But Abigail could not bear her sister's sadness or the guilt eating at her. And the fact that every young woman in attendance seemed to look to the dowager for guidance made it worse. How dare she say such things about Rawlings. She hardly knew him.

Her corset was tight enough to hamper her breathing. Frantic, she pulled at the front, but it was no use. Her hand shook as she reached around to the back and met someone's warm hand.

"Allow me," a voice said.

Oh no.

A man's hands tenderly pulled at the back of her dress, and then somehow this angel in disguise managed to loosen the dress's hold on her body just enough to ease her breathing and prevent hyperventilation.

"Th-a-ank you," she mumbled, completely ashamed, hurt, and scandalized. What was this stranger doing outside?

"Abby?" She knew that voice. "Talk to me-tell me what has you so upset. You do remember you used to tell me everything. I remember a time when you could not wait to fall out of trees in hopes that I would catch you. Or fall and scrape your knee so I could blow a kiss and make the pain go away."

Words that dripped of poetry and sweet memories. Abigail involuntarily shuddered and turned to face Rawlings. "I cannot."

"You cannot or you will not? Which is it, Abby?"

"You shouldn't call me Abby," she mumbled. "Thank you for...for what you did." Why wouldn't her voice stop shaking?

Rawlings grinned, his white teeth glowing against his dark features. "Yes, well, I think I've earned the honor of calling you Abby, since I've known you the longest. I also believe that since I'm to protect you from rakes like myself, I can call you anything I like."

Abigail relented. She was too tired to fight. "You're right."

Rawlings laughed. "Do my ears deceive me? Shall I call in witnesses? Devil take it, Abby. I don't think I've ever heard you utter such beautiful words."

"Very funny." She shook her head and moved away, a small smile finally forming on her lips.

"So, Abby," he said, drawing out her name. It sounded like honey on his lips. "What has you out here trying to pull your dress off? Imagine my surprise when I stepped outside only to find the object of my thoughts clawing at her beautiful silk gown."

"You were thinking about me?" Curse her voice for sounding so hopeful.

Rawlings sauntered to her side. "Yes, I was thinking you had disappeared suddenly and your father would have my head if you managed to vanish down a dimly lit hallway only to be seduced by a rake."

"A rake like you?"

He looked away. "Yes, a rake like me."

"We had a bit of a row today. My sister, Sebastian, and myself. I said some horrid things. I did not mean any of them, but I was hurtful. And now I feel awful, and it's all this stupid dress's fault."

"So you meant to punish your dress?"

"It was punishing me!" Abigail argued. "I could scarcely breathe. And it just reminded me...of the fight."

"Well then, by all means remove it from your person at once." he teased, or seemed to be teasing. "Very logical reasoning, Abby."

"Thank you." She pushed at his arm and put distance between them, not trusting herself to be so close. "Why does everyone treat me like a child?" The question was more direct than she would have liked, but it seemed that every time she spoke, people responded with a pat on her hand and a reference to her age and innocence.

Rawlings didn't speak for a while. "Abby, you are a child."

She froze. The dress hadn't been worth it, nor had her defense of his character, not that it was for show. She had failed. Gathering her strength and hoping he wouldn't turn her down, she grabbed him by the jacket and kissed him, suddenly realizing it was the second time in which she had forced herself upon Rawlings in the past week.

The minute her lips touched his, he pushed at her and cursed. "Abby, I swear sometimes..." Cursing again, he ran his fingers through his glossy black hair. "You want to know why everyone treats you like a child?"

She could already feel the tears pooling in her eyes.

"It is because you have no grasp on reality. You refuse to see people as people. You see everything as a chess game. Little pieces you can move however you want. Your only goal is to win the game. You tease, you flirt, you play-without a care in the world for whom you might hurt in the process. You want to stop being treated like a child? Stop acting like one."

Swearing again, he scowled and stormed back into the house, leaving Abby outside in the cool night air. Tears rained down her face until her vision was blurry. The worst part was not that she had been lectured. No, the unbearable part was the sickening fear that Rawlings, the dark and cynical Rawlings, was right. And she didn't deserve him.

Chapter Ten

Why is it that this author is constantly seeing Lord Rawlings storm off as if he's being chased by the devil himself? Not that this author would completely discount that development. Alas, it seems the Earl of Rawlings finally has something to run from. His past perhaps? Or maybe he's afraid of his future. This author waits with bated breath.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

Phillip nearly knocked over a vase as he stormed into the room where the men were discussing politics, women, and other earthly pleasures.

"Whiskey?" Sebastian held out a snifter.

Phillip threw back the entire contents.

"How is she?"

"Aggravating, irritating, pig-headed-beautiful to distraction."

Sebastian looked away. "You do realize you've just described both Emma and Abigail-though the look in your eyes tells me it's the youngest that has you so put out, which is a good thing considering I've hit you once before for kissing my wife."

Phillip snorted. "Yes, and you nearly beat me to death, so I think we're even. And of course, I was talking about Abigail. The girl could drive any sane man to drink..."

"Or perhaps distraction?" Sebastian added.

Phillip swallowed, feeling his body tighten as he answered hoarsely. "That as well." How his friend was able to see beneath his calm demeanor was beyond him. Feeling caught, he dared to look Sebastian in the eyes. Amusement twinkled in the Angel Duke's face as he walked to the sideboard and refilled both their glasses.

He had only visited her on the balcony to say thank you for standing up to that old bat, the dowager. Upon hearing her defense of him, he felt grateful and indebted. That is, until he saw her attacking her own dress and then lunging at him.

"Be careful, Phillip. She's very young."

"And immature." Phillip grabbed his glass. "I would never touch her, Sebastian, you have my word."

Sebastian was silent a moment. "It's a little early to be making promises you might not be able to keep." With a nod, Sebastian left Phillip to ponder his wise words.

****

That night, as Phillip slept alone in his room. A haunting figure of blue silk continued to intrude in his dreams, and then a woman so beautiful it hurt would crook her finger and smile at him. He would whisper words of devotion, love, protection. Anything to make sure she would stay with him forever. But she always faded back into the mist. He would wake up sweating, aroused, and irritated.

Promising his body rest, he would close his eyes only to be visited yet again by the same siren-Abigail. What was it about her that drew him so? She was all of those things he had said and more, yet he was inexplicably drawn to her. Waiting for just a glimpse of her smile, constantly entranced by her fluid movements. Unbearably uncomfortable because he was wound tight as a drum each time she was near. Even with his rejection, she continued to speak well of him, though he didn't deserve it.

He rose from his bed with a curse just in time to see the sunrise. A vision that only a year ago would have been viewed upon returning from a gambling hell after another failed attempt to gain money instead of marrying before his birthday.

Pity that he just now noticed the beauty of the sky. Orange streaks burst through the horizon, announcing the day. He walked out the balcony of his room. He breathed in the morning air, and although still restless from his sleep, he found that he was able to smile a genuine smile.

****

Abigail woke up early. After her failed attempt to kiss Rawlings, she had tearfully taken to bed in hopes that it would in fact swallow her whole. What had possessed her to do such a rash thing? Desperation? Did she need his love and acceptance so bad she would force herself on him...twice?

As much as it hurt, she realized she needed to move on. It was not fair to Rawlings, and as the guilt from his words subsided, she came to the conclusion that he was right. It pained her to admit it, and she felt a fool. But she could not continue to control people around her as if they meant nothing. She resolved to apologize to Emma and offer to return the dresses before the ball at Almack's tonight.

Closing her eyes, she prepared herself for battle and was rewarded with the most beautiful sunrise she had ever laid eyes on. It seemed to speak of new beginnings, something she thought Rawlings needed, but found she needed it more. How easy it was to find fault in others yet not see the trouble inside your own person. She thought she was his savior.

When he was, in fact, hers.

****

Abigail waited patiently for Emma at breakfast. Upon entering, her sister burst into tears and apologized...to her. Shocked, Abigail hugged Emma and waited for her to stop blubbering before she spoke.

Finally, Emma took a seat next to her but still grasped at her hands. "I'm so sorry, Abby. I despise fighting with you."

Abigail felt tears sting her eyes. "Emma, it is I who should be sorry. You were right. You were all right."

"All?" Emma looked up.

"Yes, you and Sebastian." Rawlings as well, but she did not want to admit that they had been alone. Nor did she still desire to trap him into marriage. "I really shouldn't have lied or deceived you. I love you, Emma, and it is also the reason I am going to pay a visit to Bond Street and notify Madame that I will not be needing the dresses after all."

"Don't." Emma's grip tightened. "I overreacted. You should keep the dresses, Abby. I just wanted you to apologize for being deceitful. I won't tell Father. Just don't let it happen again."

Abby nodded and hugged her sister. Though her cheeks were stained with tears and her eyes were puffy, she was a beautiful sight.

Sebastian entered the room, took in the tears and smiles, and then promptly exited.

"Crying females make him nervous," Emma commented. "It seems I've been doing a lot of that lately, the poor man."

Sebastian walked back in and headed straight toward Emma. Without a word he bent down and kissed her forcefully on the lips. Abby was too shocked to look away. She watched the exchange with her mouth gaping open.

"I love you, Emma," he kissed her again. "Forever and always, even when you get teary-eyed and emotional. Always you and me, my love." He traced her chin with his large hand and walked away.

Emma looked at Abigail and blushed. "I'm so sorry. Normally, he isn't that..."

"Scandalous?" Abigail lifted her eyebrow and smiled. "It seems he's recovered from his aversion to crying women, dear sister."

Emma blushed to the roots of her hair and changed the subject, but Abigail was still thinking about how Sebastian had kissed her sister. Could she be that blind? This whole time she had wanted something like Sebastian and Emma had. She thought that by kissing Rawlings it would happen. But the kisses she had given him paled in comparison. They were worthless next to what Sebastian and Emma had just shared. It made her wonder all the more how she was to find someone to love when her heart belonged to another person entirely.

****

Phillip knew the second she had stepped into the room. Not because some sort of heavenly being whispered into his ear, "She's here," but because men of all different shapes and sizes began crowding. And after seeing the list of available debutantes, he knew it had to be Abigail they were fawning over.

Just as he was getting ready to avert his eyes back to his dancing partner, the sea of admirers parted. He caught a glimpse of her and cursed.

"I'm sorry, did you say something?" Lady Rosalind, the Marquess of Whitmore's betrothed, looked at him through sooty black lashes.

"I, er..."

"Rawlings, Rawlings, Rawlings." Lady Rosalind shook her head. "You'd think a man with your reputation would at least have a way with words."

He shot her a dirty look. In the one night since he'd known her, Lady Rosalind had not only stepped on his feet, but cursed-yes, cursed at her own betrothed for being such a swine He asked her to dance to protect the girl from scandal, but now he was having second thoughts. It made sense that this daring redhead would be one of Abigail's best friends. Something he was not aware of until the blasted girl started listing every single one of Abby's positive attributes. Suffice to say that was when Phillip felt the very strong urge to weep. So, he did not feel at all guilty for glaring at the insufferable woman, and was increasingly glad he would not be the one to marry her. It seemed dear Abigail had found a twin in mischief.

"One should not curse in front of a lady."

Phillip laughed. "I'll be sure to hold my tongue when I'm in the presence of one."

"Oh, la!" Rosalind feigned irritation, but he knew the woman was stronger than flint. "Out of curiosity, who may I ask has put that delightful mask of jealousy on your face?"

"Jealousy?" When would this dance end? "I'm wearing nothing of the sort."

"Right. And I am overwhelmed with joy at being matched up with him." She nodded her head in the direction of Whitmore, who was presently groping at his latest mistress.

Both Rawlings and Rosalind shuddered and shared a laugh.

"He isn't as bad as he seems."

Rosalind scoffed, "Are you his defender then? And you're wrong, he's much worse than he seems. But, do not worry a fig for me. I will do just fine." Phillip stared into her steely blue eyes and believed her every word. "Now, what were we talking about?"

"The weather," Phillip lied.

"And I thought you were more intelligent than to lie. If you won't tell me I'll just have to ask Abigail."

The sound of her name gave him away, for his hand tensed, only slightly, on Lady Rosalind's body. She bit her lip in triumph.

"That was not playing fair, my lady."

The dance ended, but before the pairs parted, Lady Rosalind leaned in and whispered, "Women rarely play fair, my lord."

The next hour was spent with a series of wide-eyed debutantes who not only seemed curious as to why the devil was at Almack's, but how he had gained an invitation. Phillip himself had been curious about the same thing, until Lady Jersey and the Dowager Duchess of Tempest both smiled and winked in his direction. It seemed the patronesses loved gossip as much as anyone else, and Phillip was ripe for the picking. Everyone appeared to be curious about him, as if he was some new species just discovered. He half-expected someone to start drawing his portrait with as many glances he received.

It was due in large part to his appearance. Being clean shaven and dressed in finery, as well as not breathing fire on grandmothers and the blind, must have done his reputation some good. But, in all of Almack's, there still was no woman who gained his attention.

Well, it was not completely true, but the one woman who managed to gain his favor also had the attention of every other male-even some of the married ones. And although he wouldn't mind dancing with the girl, it was his job to protect her, so he watched as closely as he could.

Phillip's control was splendidly in check right up until Whitmore approached Abby and held out his hand for a dance. She seemed to stiffen and then looked next to her at Lady Rosalind, who appeared ready to attack. But Whitmore tugged at Abigail. Nearly tripping, she followed him to the floor.

Phillip watched helplessly as Whitmore's hands moved seductively down her spine toward her backside. Quickly, Phillip scanned the room for Sebastian. He found him deep in discussion with Renwick on the far side of the room. With the crush, it would be impossible to reach him. Knowing he had to take things into his own hands, he continued to move through the crowds until Abby would be able to make eye contact with him.

"Look at me, just look at me," he whispered out loud.

Her alarmed gaze locked with his. She shook her head once, conveying a message. And then the minx laughed as Whitmore stormed off.

She made her way toward a disturbed Phillip. "Was it my imagination, or did Whitmore just storm off in the middle of a dance? How did you get him to leave you?"

Shrugging, Abigail took his outstretched arm. "I merely told him I had heard it announced that his brother had returned from India."

"Inspired." Phillip laughed. "Can you imagine what Whitmore would do? He's been blasted cocky since the announcement of his brother's death. Didn't even mourn the man, just relished the idea of inheriting the title and Lady Rosalind."

"Yes, I saw her dancing with you. She is such a dear friend."

Phillip smiled. "Yes, I am aware."

"What has you grinning so much, Rawlings?"

"Pay me no heed. It has been a strange night. Are you thirsty, my dear?"

Abby squinted her eyes, possibly trying to decide if Rawlings was indeed going mad. This was the most he had smiled in years. "Yes, some watered down lemonade would be nice." She grimaced but was obviously hot. The room was crammed to its gills with people.

"Ah, no champagne?" he challenged.

Whispering, she leaned in. "Can you keep a secret?"

"Probably not, but you should tell me regardless," he admitted.

"I've never had champagne."

"Never had-"

"Shhh! Rawlings, everyone will hear you!"

"Doubtful. This crush is worse than expected. Well, we shall remedy the situation immediately. Follow me."

Like two small children sneaking off, they tiptoed around the corner, passing several serving trays with champagne flutes. Phillip discreetly grabbed two and motioned for her to be quiet. It wasn't the first time he had stolen champagne and probably wouldn't be the last. His reputation did come from somewhere, after all.

Abigail was giggling as she grasped his hand tightly. Phillip managed to keep his excitement at bay. Her fingers, so delicate and small, seemed somehow right as they fit into his hand. His fingers tingled, and he cursed himself for allowing such an innocent gesture to completely undo him.

He pulled her out the back of the assembly hall into a small room, which appeared to be the cozy space meant for coats. Handing her the flutes, he took a moment to check their surroundings and looked into her eyes. In hindsight, it was a terrible mistake on his part. Green pools of excitement sparkled back at him, hitting him straight in the gut and aiming for his heart.

"To your first drink of champagne."

Abigail smiled shyly. "And to my first experience sneaking off at a ball with a known rake. I do hope it went unnoticed. I should hate to be named in that dreadful Mrs. Peabody column like some people I associate with."

"Touche." He laughed. Unable to keep himself from grinning ear to ear, Phillip watched her with amusement. Who knew that an innocent toast would bring a young lady so much joy? Or maybe it was the excitement of sneaking off at Almack's. Regardless, he couldn't tear his gaze away.

She tilted her head back to drink the last of the contents in her glass, giving him a glorious view of her neck and throat. He wanted to reach out, to touch her smooth skin, to kiss that vulnerable neck. Was it possible that this girl was more seductive when she wasn't attempting to seduce him or ruin herself?

His hands trembled as he downed the contents of his glass.

"The bubbles tickle my tongue."

Phillip began choking. Abigail hit him on the back. "Are you ill, my lord?"

"Fine." He coughed. "Just fine." Taking into account her compromising position, his restraint was extraordinary. "I believe that's enough champagne for now. Don't want to bring you back to Sebastian completely foxed."

"I'm sorry," she blurted.

"For...drinking champagne?" Phillip took the empty glass from her shaking hands. "Abby, what the devil do you have to be sorry for?"

"I didn't mean to kiss you. I mean, I meant to kiss you, both times. I was just trying...oh, never mind. It doesn't matter anymore. I'm sorry, Rawlings, truly. Will you ever forgive me for being so wanton? For trying to deceive you? I truly couldn't stand for it, if you thought me selfish and immoral, even though I know I have been of late."

Phillip selfishly desired to order her to be wanton, but only in his presence. He also desired nothing more than to kick himself for making her feel so ashamed after their kiss. Yes, he had been angry, but not as much at her as at himself for behaving so badly.

He reached out, grabbing the blasted piece of hair that seemed to constantly go against the grain. To be spitefully where it was not allowed to be. Very much like Abigail. Perfectly imperfect. Irritating and invigorating. "You have nothing to apologize for, save the fact that you should never throw yourself at men like me."

"I don't. I mean, I will not, and I haven't done any such thing." Abigail's lip trembled. Why did the action give the appearance that she was upset?

"Come here." Phillip pulled her into his chest and felt her relax. Inhaling the scent of her hair was not one of his wiser moments, but he couldn't seem to help himself as her scent enveloped him. Heavens, she was desirable. She pushed away slightly and brushed a kiss across his cheek.

"Thank you, Rawlings. I promise to be on my best behavior and make you proud."

If it were possible for a person's heart to break in two, Phillip's would have. The earnest look and fiery determination ignited his passion. It was one thing for her to feel rejected and angry with him. But quite another for the girl to aim to make him proud. Him. Of all people. And as usual, when a moment of clarity hits, one of stupidity surely has to follow.

So Phillip Crawford, Eighth Earl of Rawlings, did one of the stupidest things he'd ever done in his life.

He kissed her.

Her innocent lips, soft billowy pillows of pure feminine beauty, were immobile, but it didn't matter, because Phillip was doing the teaching, the caressing, and the only thing he'd been yearning to do for days.

The kiss was soft, not urgent, more of a question than the answer. When he released her, he looked into her green eyes and was dumbfounded when he saw them well with tears.

"I have to-" Abigail turned and ran away, leaving him aroused, confounded, and feeling a trifle guilty that he had quite possibly ruined whatever shaky ground they had previously built.

Chapter Eleven

My dear readers, it is official. The world has gone absolutely mad. Take for example what this author discovered last night. That the dishonorable Lord Rawlings is to help chaperone one of the Season's most glorious debutantes. Dear readers, is this not the same as handing an innocent lamb to a wolf? This author is counting down the days until that particular betrothal is announced. There is absolutely no possibility that the despicable Lord Rawlings can keep his hands to himself. I'd like to see him try.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

Abigail was not aware of the direction she was running, only that she needed to escape Rawlings at all costs. Was it her punishment that the very day she decided against him he should kiss her? Why did it hurt so? Knowing that the kiss was more out of pity than anything is what troubled her most. It spoke of brotherly affection, of love without any sort of passion. His tenderness spoke volumes. He was a rake. Rakes did not kiss women in that way. It was, in her mind, a pity kiss. And it infuriated her and sickened her heart.

Music became louder as she neared the great hall. Allowing herself in, she managed to find Emma and appear more together than she felt.

Minutes later, Rawlings entered, his countenance dark. But she was done with him. Finished. She looked at the pairs dancing and decided she would find someone else to love. Even if it nearly killed her to do so.

****

"I am a fool," Rawlings muttered to himself when he saw the look of panic in Abigail's eyes as he made his way through the crush to speak with her. Not that he was certain of what he would say. Clearly it was in both of their best interests for him to apologize, but he could not lie to himself in that way. It wasn't fair to him or her. He grimaced as she helplessly searched around the room at everyone but him. He had only a few seconds before he could reach her side.

Her lip was quivering. Turning, she looked at him, and then away. Phillip leaned in to speak to her but was interrupted by a young man.

"May I have this dance, Miss Gates?" The boy couldn't be a day over one and nine, yet the gleam in his eyes communicated all that was necessary to someone as seasoned as Phillip. He was a rake in the making. Abigail put her hand in his. Phillip, however, did not miss the smug grin the young buck gave him as he pulled her into a quadrille.

Jealousy began trickling down his spine until he uncomfortably had to look away from the handsome couple. His feet remained planted, though his heart begged his mind to alleviate the vision in front of him by drinking it into oblivion, he still stayed and watched. Dance after dance was asked, and each time she said yes he felt insanity would be a most welcoming outcome. Anything to quiet the pounding of his heart.

Abigail danced and twirled like any girl of her age should. Was this not exactly what he had asked her to do? Find a man her own age? Enjoy her first Season? Leave him alone? She refused to listen to him at each turn until he had ruined everything and kissed her, and now her smile seemed unstoppable and freely given to any young man who appeared to take a fancy to her, which, to his irritation, was nearly every man in attendance.

Well, he had gotten what he asked for, and now it was time to find a wife. His mind would forget about Abigail Gates. But he doubted his heart ever would.

****

As plans went, Phillip knew his was famously flawed, but he really could do nothing but continue on in the same fashion. Emma was overwhelmed if not ecstatic that he would ask for her help so personally. Not only had they established a real foundation in his name, but she also had managed to get donations from other patrons in society. And when he asked for her further involvement to help him find a wife, she was moved to tears. Which Sebastian swore up and down was due to her current state. It was not, as he put it, because she thought Phillip so helpless without her.

So, on the eve after his mistake with Abigail, he found himself at the Tempest townhome having dinner with Sebastian, Emma, and Abigail. Emma had the brilliant idea that Abigail could help them since she knew so many debutantes.

Phillip thought she would much rather jump out her upstairs window than help him, but she did nothing but smile as the first course was served.

"So, have you given any thought to the type of woman you'd like to become better acquainted with?" Emma asked.

The question should not have caught him off guard like it did. He choked and took a sip of wine to clear his throat. Abigail gave him a sweet smile before making a gallant display of cutting a small bite of meat and then very slowly putting it into her mouth as if to demonstrate how one was to eat food properly.

He glared at her. For one thing, Abigail had made it a point to drop her fan three times. Each time she picked it up, she bent so low that he was convinced her bosom would free itself from her dress.

And then he couldn't get the vision of her br**sts out of his mind. So he found himself staring at her in the most improper way. Once, she caught him and gave him a perplexed look as if wondering why the devil he was looking at her like a man starving. She knew exactly what she was doing. Though an innocent, there was no way she did all of that by accident.

Then on the way to dinner, she tripped. And again, she brushed up against him but had the audacity to blush on cue! How it was possible to blush on cue, he didn't know, the point was the little chit did it! The nerve!

Unfortunately, his body took that as an invitation. He had to hide his arousal the entire way to the dining room, and was horrified a simple touch could cause him to be so blatantly lust-filled that he bumped into her when she stopped.

"What is wrong with you?" she snapped.

"You know exactly what!" He felt his nostrils flare, as if needing to expand in order to savor more of her scent.

Abigail shook her head and looked...well, she seemed put out, but she was a master thespian. She would have made a nice living on the stage. "I don't know what has you acting so, so...mad!" As she marched away, she sent him a seething glare and plopped into her seat.

Suffice it to say, he felt neither guilt nor shame at all for shooting her daggers in that moment. "I believe I would prefer a girl who is meek-even tempered. And I do so love brunettes. With brown eyes preferably. And tall. I do despise looking down at women." His shin received a kick under the table that he could have sworn was on purpose, but when he yelped in pain everyone looked at him with curious eyes.

Yes, he had done it intentionally. He had listed exact opposites of Abigail's character. She looked angry, so he added, "I also find that women with a vile temper seem to put me out. I should desire a lady who knows how to be a lady."

Emma and Sebastian watched him, both with mouths gaping open, while Abigail refused to look at him. Instead, with sudden fascination, she began pushing food around her plate in circles.

"Well." Sebastian cleared his throat. "I, uh, it seems we should be able to find you someone amongst the ton."

Emma gave her sister a scolding look. Abby dropped her fork and slouched, yes slouched, at the dinner table. Her ability to act immature was astonishing.

"What about Miss Alexander?"

Phillip mentally conjured up a frightening picture of a six foot wench with a heavy mop of hair and dim eyes. "Er, well, that is to say...she is quite lovely, but I believe she has a secret tendre for another man. No, she won't do at all."

"Hmm...I don't recall any of that nonsense. Are you quite sure?" Sebastian asked.

"Quite."

"Well then, what about Lady Haversfield?"

Phillip felt his eyes widen. "She is-"

"Lovely." Emma grinned as if it were decided. "Now that the object of your desire is settled, shall we plan out our series of appearances before the end of the Season ball at the De Creax's? That gives us adequate time, don't you agree, my love?"

Phillip cleared his throat, gaining the attention of all three people in attendance. "I think you have forgotten one tiny little thing."

"Whatever do you mean?" Emma shrugged.

"Oh, just another woman-or who knows? Maybe it's a man-finds joy in my evil deeds and is at this moment probably dipping his or her quill into the ink so she can successfully blacken my name further. And although the idea of my demise would put a smile on anyone's lips but yours." He looked around with a calculating eye. "I gather if I pursue any sort of woman, she will somehow invent a story of even worse proportions of my rakish tendencies, leaving me exactly where I started. Alone and without hope. Or worse, locked up."

He hadn't meant to add that last part in there. Amusing thing, being at your wit's end. One starts blubbering about nonsensical things. It's easier to reveal yourself and be vulnerable, because in the end, what does it matter? How could it get any worse?

Sebastian was the first to speak. "Are you saying we need to find out the identity of this Mrs. Peabody before you can be successful? Many have tried. Trust me, friend. You aren't the first to be attacked by that column, and you certainly won't be the last."

Phillip pushed his food away. "Does it matter? As it stands, I am the most hated man in all of London. The only women who dance with me are Abby, Emma, and the little Hartwell girl who wouldn't care if she were dancing with a demon in disguise as long as it got her away from Whitmore. You've established a foundation in my name, but can a leopard really change its spots?"

No one said anything, because in the end, what could they really say? No, you're wrong? Everyone at the table knew the opposite was true. Phillip was correct in his assumption. It seemed the harder he tried to be good, the more the woman flayed him alive. What profit came from being good when people only remembered the bad? Was it at all possible to start over and fresh when the sins of one's past continue to reappear in his present?

They finished the meal in silence. Emma changed the subject to Abigail's last few gatherings before they were to retire to the country for the winter. And Phillip thought maybe it would be best for everyone if he politely stepped back and owned up to his past. Maybe by finally making atonement for the things he'd done, or at least what people thought he had done, he would finally be redeemed-he could be free.

Chapter Twelve

Confused: to be confounded, unable to make sense of what is before one's eyes. This is how I write on this dreary London morn. It seems, dear readers, a very peculiar thing has happened at the Hartwell Masquerade. A man without a mask was seen saving a girl from being accosted in the gardens. And whom, you ask, was this gallant stranger? None other than Lord Rawlings. I wouldn't have believed it had I not seen it with my own eyes. And then the devil did the most peculiar thing. He very authoritatively scolded said girl for going out all by herself. It seems this world has fallen on its ear. Listen closely, you may hear pigs flying, for the Earl of Rawlings has just been found giving out sound advice.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

Phillip thought about the previous night's discussion as he lay in bed. And finally, when he drifted off it was a fitful sleep, full of images of one woman in particular about whom Sebastian would surely kill him for dreaming. Had he not sworn to stay away?

The Season was coming to a close, and with that the final days of agony before he could either marry the first girl who didn't cry in his presence or sadly bow out of the race completely and atone for the sins of his life.

Though he often wondered what he had done that was so bad compared to his peers. Sure he had taken mistresses, but everyone did that. Yes, he had been challenged to several duels over cuckolding titled gentlemen. Surely that wasn't as frowned upon as everyone was pretending it was?

Yes, he had abandoned Emma, but hardly anyone knew of that scandal. Racking his brain only made his headache worse. In his mind, his sins weren't any worse than that of any other rake-other than the fact that he was known as a somewhat notorious lover, but even then the numbers were vastly exaggerated.

Three events. Only three. And everyone worth knowing would retire to the country. They would go into hibernation until the Season's commencement yet again. Did they never tire of this way of life?

His troubled thoughts followed him all day, until finally he could not ignore the blaring horn that was his future. After putting on the clothes Emma had bought for him, he strolled into the Hartwell's masquerade and winced. He had forgotten a mask and domino. How the devil he managed to do that when the entire walk he was lamenting the fact that he had to go to a blasted masquerade was quite beyond him. By the time he made his way to the hosts, he was ready to run back to the door. But Rosalind would have nothing of that.

"Rawlings! So glad you could attend, though it seems you've forgotten a most important part of your costume."

"Yes, well..." What could he say? Old age was getting to him?

"Never mind." She swatted at him with her fan. "I'm sure the young ladies will enjoy knowing it's you accosting them instead of some hidden stranger. Do try to keep that cynical look off your face. Say, I haven't seen Abigail. Would you mind looking for her?"

Would he mind? Would he mind shooting himself in the foot? "No trouble at all," he heard himself say, and then numbly he walked around the room. How was he supposed to locate her when every blasted woman in the great hall was wearing a mask?

A vision of white and red stood before him. Whoever the lady was, her dress was mesmerizing. A fallen angel in disguise no doubt. She turned in his direction.

Cursing, he took after her. How the hoyden managed to wear such a scandalous dress was on the forefront of his mind. That and kissing every piece of exposed flesh his eyes greedily took in.

****

"That's him," a girl whispered to Abigail's right. "I've heard he's killed a man for looking at his mistress and has two children out of wedlock that he keeps hidden in the country."

"Wherever did you hear that nonsense?" Abigail snapped.

The debutante smiled coolly. "Everyone knows, or at least I thought everyone did. What did you say your name was again?"

An unbearable temptation to put the girl in her place washed over Abigail. Smiling tightly she gave her name, a brief curtsy, and walked toward the fresh air of the open balcony.

"Miss Gates, fancy meeting you here. Is the ball so boring that I find you seeking refuge outside?" The Marquess of Whitmore stepped out of the hidden alcove and greeted her with a rakish grin.

"Not at all." Taking a step around the dandified man, she moved away from his clutches. Not only was he Rosalind's betrothed, but he was known for taking advantage of innocent virgins like herself.

"Hmm, shall I escort you then? I can see I've alarmed you with my lavish attention. Don't appear so shocked that I knew it was your face hiding behind that sorry excuse for a mask. It wasn't the face I recognized, but something else entirely." His gaze boldly scanned the exposed part of her bodice before snapping back up to hers. "Shall we?"

He didn't give her a chance to say no. Instead, he roughly placed his hand on the small of her back and led her the remaining distance to the doors that would lead them to the balcony outside. Desperately she scoured the sea of faces for anyone familiar, until finally they landed on the Dowager Duchess of Barlowe, who was known for her impeccable taste and stringent beliefs in the ton. It came as no shock that upon recognition, the dowager merely took in Abigail's companion, gave her a disapproving glare, and then the cut direct.

Lovely.

Hiding the fear that was rapidly accumulating in her stomach, she clutched her reticule and readied herself for an attack. At least Whitmore was predictable. If she could catch him off guard, perhaps she could escape without any ruin. Oddly, being seen alone with Whitmore wasn't close to as bad as conversing with Rawlings, but she wished more than anything it was Rawlings who was forcefully leading her out into the gardens. If he kissed her, she wouldn't fight him.

No, you'd just run like a coward.

Was that it? Truly? She was afraid of Rawlings? Or was it that she was afraid of her own feelings? Oh! How had things gotten so far beyond her control? A few weeks ago she had a plan; she'd known exactly what she wanted. And now? Well, now it was nearly impossible for her to know the route her life would take. Other than his wardrobe, Rawlings seemed to have all but given up, for the Season was almost over and he had yet to find a bride. And truth be told, he hadn't even tried.

The warm July breeze played lightly in her hair as she made the final descent to the balcony. The instant the doors closed behind her, Abigail knew without a doubt she was to be ruined.

****

By the time the next song was played, Phillip was in a haze of frustration. One minute he saw her, and the next she had miraculously disappeared. His masculine pride took a direct hit when he considered she may be hiding from him, but the logical side of him was on edge. What if something had happened? Hadn't he promised to protect her even if it meant from himself?

Phillip pushed through the crush, he didn't even see the lady until he nearly toppled her over. With a curse, he picked up her cane and came face to face with the Dowager Duchess of Barlowe.

The one woman who probably hated him as much as Mrs. Peabody herself-or more, if that was even possible. The disapproving glare in her eyes told him it was, in fact, possible.

"My apologies, your grace."

Clear blue eyes scrutinized him; no emotion flashed across her face, save the judgment already being poured out in such intense waves of tension that Phillip thought he might disappear right then and there.

"What, may I ask, has you so out of sorts, Lord Rawlings? Earls do not run about at balls and step on the toes of society's patronesses." Her nose went up into the air.

Irritated and afraid because he still couldn't see Abigail, he answered, "Your grace, I do apologize. If you believe my apology to be inadequate, I am gravely sorry, but there is a pressing matter that demands my immediate attention. I know it might seem odd, considering what's so often said about me, but it appears that the reason this earl is running about, as you so brilliantly put it, is because a young debutante is missing, and I fear she will be ruined if I don't locate her soon."

The dowager duchess cracked a smile throwing Phillip completely off guard.

"Look on the balcony, and, Rawlings, do try to be discreet." Winking, the lady ambled up to the Duke of Tempest and tripped right into his blasted arms, all the while offering up the most horrifying scream that, for a moment, Phillip wasn't sure which damsel to help. As Sebastian helped the duchess regain her footing, she sent Phillip a look of pure triumph. The distraction was for him and just what he needed if he was to obtain Abigail without anyone knowing she had been on the balcony with Devil only knows whom.

The music stopped-people gasped. As Phillip touched the door to the balcony he heard a choking noise that sounded quite like a farm animal giving birth. The dowager was truly outdoing herself. He let himself out into the moonlight and cursed. Whitmore had taken a stance to corner Abigail. His large frame hid her petite one, and it appeared he was leaning in for a kiss.

Abigail, however, looked anything but receptive, for the arm that held her reticule was raised high above his head without his knowledge, most likely preparing to bash him.

"Ahem." Phillip cleared his throat. "Forgive me, Miss Gates. Your sister has been asking for you, and I believe this dance was promised to the duke."

Nodding, Abigail made a hasty retreat into Phillip's arms and nestled into his frame. She was shaking. Cursing himself for not watching her closer, he kissed her hair and glared at Whitmore. "Don't you have a fiancee waiting for you?"

"You think this little interlude was my idea? With a dress like that, one could hardly blame me for taking her smile as an invitation to do much more." Whitmore snickered and brushed past them.

Abigail hid her head in Phillip's chest. "I hate him! You don't believe him, do you?" Her voice was muffled.

Rage and jealousy told him she was lying, but his heart knew the truth. Abigail might be somewhat of a tease and a bit controlling but she would never do that to Rosalind. Whitmore was just as repulsive to her as he was to every other woman who didn't succumb to the dandy's charms.

"Abigail, look at me." His demand sounded harsher than he meant.

She sniffed and looked up. Her green eyes shimmered against the moonlight. Suddenly Phillip was at a loss for what to say. Original intent flew out the window the moment he saw fresh tears shining on her cheeks.

"Rawlings, truly he forced me, I would never-" Abigail looked down. "You believe it's my fault because of the way I've acted. The story of the boy who cried wolf comes to mind." She shrugged. "After all, why would you believe me when I practically accosted you in Hyde Park?"

Guilt, he despised it. "What does it matter if I believe you or not, Abby? The problem, it seems, is how to get you back into the ball without anyone seeing you. Have you a shawl you can wear the remainder of the night?" He cracked the door and noted the commotion still taking place. The duchess was now swatting Sebastian with her fan. Poor sod. He had half a mind to feel sorry for him.

"Why would I need a shawl?" Abigail's breath was hot on his face. How had she snuck up on him? "It isn't as if I'm dressed improperly, and my dress isn't wrinkled one bit."

Turning slightly, his eyes openly traced the dress in question. Suddenly, he was quite angry. He fought to keep his voice even through clenched teeth. "You don't know why I would ask that you wear a shawl?"

She shook her head, holding her mouth in a perfectly innocent bow. Unbelievable, she had no idea.

"Your dress is indecent, Abby. Most men are taller than women, and you, my dear, are shorter than average. At this particular angle, I can look down your bodice and see all the way to your slippers."

Her breath hitched, and he continued his pursuit. "Your br**sts strain against your bodice in such a fashion that it makes a man wonder what it would be like to rip open your corset. The color speaks of wantonness, and had I not intervened when I did, I imagine Whitmore would have proven the very words I am saying to you now. Your dress is an invitation, begging to be unwrapped."

Abigail gasped, her reaction palpable. She choked on a sob and with the might of an aggravated peer slapped him across the face good and hard, muttered an oath under her breath, then pushed past him to re-enter the ballroom. Phillip followed behind her, praying his cheek wasn't as red as it felt. It was amusing that the girl would hit him so blasted hard for his honesty. She needed to hear it. He knew he had hurt Abigail, but if a little hurt was what it took for the girl to cease her crazy antics, then so be it.

Abigail continued to blaze a trail through the crowd until she reached Rosalind's side. Rawlings followed, trying desperately not to hold his cheek, which throbbed with every beat of his black heart.

"It seems I've recovered!" The Dowager Duchess of Barlowe announced, hitting Sebastian one final time on the arm with her fan. With a chuckle she was off, the music started up again, and things righted themselves. All except Sebastian, who still seemed to have endured quite a shock from the entire ordeal. He curiously looked at his arm then at the floor and back at his arm as if to comprehend how exactly the dowager had tripped and why the devil she had hit him the way she did.

Amused and in pain, Rawlings approached him. In feigned innocence he asked, "Whatever happened?"

"No clue." Sebastian cursed and looked truly irritated. "Say, have you seen Abigail?"

"Over there." Rawlings pointed. Of course his gaze was trained on her, waiting for any sort of indication that she was going to put on the shawl he had suggested. Relief washed over him when he noticed her wrap one firmly around her shoulders.

"Hmm, wonder why she seems to be returning from the hall?" Sebastian asked.

Phillip put him at ease. "I believe she was discussing some gossip with her friends. I wouldn't worry. She's still quite young. The idea of being at a glittering ball hasn't lost its appeal for her just yet."

"I suppose." Sebastian gave her one last glance. "Phillip, may I ask you a favor?"

One more favor and he was going to go insane. Protecting Abigail from himself was difficult enough, throw in Whitmore and every other rake, and Phillip doubted he would sleep at all for the next two weeks. Even though his mind told him he could not possibly handle any more responsibility, he found himself asking, "What is it?"

"You've known Abigail for quite some time. The girl's been out of sorts lately. Would you mind taking her out for a morning ride? She does so love to spend the mornings on her horse. I haven't the heart to tell her debutantes aren't to be gadding about in the morning hours. I trust you completely in this measure, Phillip. She won't talk to me or to Emma. Perhaps she will talk to you."

"Who the devil do you think I am? A priest? You think me taking her for a ride," he cringed at his poor word choice, "will cajole her into making confession?"

Sebastian was silent.

Phillip laughed. "Sorry to say, but I'm not sure I'm the man for the job."

"So you won't take her?"

"She might say no." Phillip quickly grabbed a glass of champagne as the tray went by him.

"And if she agrees?"

"She won't." The sting on his cheek reminded him of their last discussion. "But by all means, ask her. I don't know what you want me to do. Why does it feel like I'm to be looking after her like some asinine chaperone?"

"She'll be without a chaperone. Not that you should have any trouble with that considering she's like a sister to you."

"Right." Phillip looked at the floor.

"And I don't see any problem, since I've given you my consent. Besides, I doubt anyone will be out that early in the morn."

"How early do you have in mind?"

"Six."

"So you mean to kill me?"

"Not yet." Sebastian winked. "Shall we expect you in the morn?"

Gritting his teeth, Phillip ground out a yes.

Sebastian slapped him on the back. "Good fellow. Oh, I nearly forgot myself! Phillip?"

Please, no more favors. No more watching after the temptress. No more marriage contracts, rakes, Mrs. Peabody-really, he couldn't take any more of it.

Sebastian motioned for him to lean closer. "It's my suspicion she has set her cap for someone, but he's rejected her."

So this was hell.

Chapter Thirteen

Ruin: a person's downfall or breakdown. This author has it on good authority that a pillar in society is about to be ruined, quite thoroughly. After the events at last night's ball, one can easily put the pieces together. One cannot sin in secret, and dear friends, I know all of yours.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

Abigail was awakened by her maid with an order to ready herself for the morning ride with Rawlings.

Cursing Sebastian and her sister for misreading her silence, she quickly put on her dark blue riding habit and donned her riding boots.

They thought her sad or heartbroken, when really she was just trying to keep to herself and make them proud. Had Rawlings not found her last night...

She shuddered.

Rawlings. It was all his fault. If he hadn't made her fall in love with him and then stomped on her heart the way he had, she wouldn't be in this predicament-going for a ride in the early morning air with the one man she wanted nothing more to do with.

He insulted her, mocked her, made a show of how innocent she was, and then had the audacity to provoke her into feeling guilty for wearing the new dress Emma had given her for her upcoming birthday. A birthday that must have slipped Rawlings' mind. Not that she thought he would remember. The last time she'd celebrated it she had been all of fourteen with stars in her eyes. He had given her a bouquet of daisies and kissed her on the cheek.

She had vowed that day to marry him.

It was also the unfortunate day that Emma had been found in the hunting lodge near her parents' estate, bodice ripped, crying. It was the same day Rawlings had walked away, not only from Emma, but away from Abigail as well, leaving her in broken-hearted anguish.

She had hated her sister after that day. It had been all Emma's fault Rawlings had wanted nothing more to do with her family. Of course, now she knew the truth-Emma had been attacked, and Rawlings had merely used it as an excuse to break the contract, so he could whore about the streets of London.

But she knew the pain he had felt when he discovered the very man who had attacked Emma was his half brother. And the loss he felt when Emma was no longer his to protect. She also knew how distraught he must be, having no family other than his stepmother, who made it no secret how much she despised him. Lady Rawlings was, in a word, ashamed of her son.

As Abigail made her way down the marble stairs, she started to soften toward Rawlings. He had been dealt a life-altering blow when his father passed away. What father demanded his son marry before he could receive his inheritance? And what type of mother relished the thought of her son going to debtor's prison? Or living on the streets? Even a stepson.

She sighed heavily and hardly noticed the person waiting in the entryway.

"Woolgathering? Or are you ready?"

Abigail's stomach growled, but she didn't want him to think her weak, so she nodded for him to lead the way, pulling on her gloves and following him into the cool morning air.

"Have you readied the mounts?" Abigail hadn't looked up because her gloves weren't buttoning just right.

She heard Rawlings sigh. "Are you questioning my ability to ready everything? I feel the need to inform you, I never went to sleep last night."

Abigail's head snapped to attention. Why wouldn't he sleep? Dark circles surrounded his eyes. Had he been out gambling? Drinking? Or with a mistress?

A sickening feeling washed over her. Of course he was. After all, he was Rawlings. What else would he do when no proper ladies would dance with him for fear that their parents would disinherit them, or that they would be ruined by his close company?

Abigail mounted her horse in silence, watching Rawlings do the same. Although he looked tired, his clothes fit him beautifully, hugging every masculine plane of his body. He kicked the horse into a trot. She followed, enjoying the view of his male beauty as he guided the animal toward the park. So lost in thought was she that she failed to notice he had picked up his pace until he nearly disappeared ahead of her.

Obviously he had a lot on his mind for him to desire solitude so soon on their ride. She followed him over the hill at a leisurely pace. When she caught up to him, his horse was motionless, and he had dismounted. He stood with his gaze fixed on the horizon.

It was still dark, almost eerie. They were the only two people in the park. But what did she expect at six in the morning?

"Who is he?" Rawlings asked the minute her horse halted beside his.

Abigail looked around, not seeing anyone. "Who?"

"The man you're so smitten over. Oh, wipe that look of innocence off your face. We both know you're not that innocent, though I must admit you play the part admirably especially when you want something. I gather you've been properly kissed since that last encounter." He looked down at his gloves and sighed. "If you don't tell me, I shall make inquiries. I owe Sebastian that much, don't you agree?"

Abigail had no clue what to say. Did he really want her to be honest? To tell him the truth? She was so tense, she thought she would snap. The thick silence in the air worsened her mood.

"Abigail, I've never known you to be silent. I do hope it's not serious; you are only one and eight. Just tell me who the gentleman is so I can set Sebastian's mind at ease." He stopped and his breath suddenly came out in a loud exhale as he stared at her with accusing eyes. "Please tell me it isn't Whitmore! I should have known it the moment I came upon you last night. You weren't raising your arm to hit him, you were about to embrace him. I cannot believe it!"

Since Rawlings was doing such a lovely job of ruining everything, carrying on the whole conversation by himself, Abigail allowed him to continue, all the while silently praying she could control her threatening tears, no matter how badly they burned behind her eyes.

"To think for one moment I thought you had changed, but you're still trying to control and influence me, aren't you? I was worried about you last night, Abby. I thought something had happened to you. And now...now I see the truth."

"And what is the truth?" she asked. The steadiness of her own voice surprised her.

"So now you speak."

"Well, you've not given me the opportunity, have you? It seems you have found me out, my lord. Congratulations on your brilliant deduction."

Rawlings swore. "So it is Whitmore! Who else, Abby? Don't tell me there's just one. There has to be more than one man you've set your cap for. After all, you have your pick of anyone you want."

"Do I?" Abigail kept her voice even.

Rawlings gave a mocking laugh. "Stop playing the innocent, Abigail. Of course you do. Though I do admit I'm surprised."

"Surprised?"

"Yes, astonished actually, that you would so willingly go into Whitmore's arms, but run from mine."

"Jealous?"

"Hardly." He snorted. "Why would I be jealous? You are like family."

His cold admission made her stomach sicken with agony. But she managed a glare as she retorted, "Do you say that to convince yourself or me, my lord?"

"Is this another one of your games to trick me into admitting an attraction for you, Abigail?"

Abigail wasn't sure how to answer but opened her mouth to respond. And then with a curse Rawlings pulled her from her horse. She landed just barely on her feet. His muscled arms were around her in an instant, holding her, bracing her, trapping her.

"You win," he said as both his hands framed her face. "I want you. Are you happy, Abigail? Is this what you want? For every man, including the sordid Earl of Rawlings, to throw himself at your feet? Devil only knows how many you've already had do just that. Was I merely the first then? The easy target, because I was so vulnerable and depressed?" His eyes blazed with fury.

"Never." A hot tear slipped down Abigail's cheek. Her heart twisted as if she had lost everything in the world-the love of her life, the opinion of the only one who mattered-with nothing left to lose, she took one last leap of faith. "The first. The last. Rawlings, you have always been the only one."

And Abigail Gates attempted to kiss Rawlings for the third time in two weeks. But this time he met her halfway.

Desperate fingers wove into her hair. His lips were hot and frenzied against hers. Urgently, Rawlings pulled her against him. The hardness of his body inflamed her. He was wrong. She had never been truly kissed. Not until this very moment.

Suddenly, his hands were everywhere-touching her, caressing her, teasing her, until she thought she might cry out. It was such pleasurable pain, almost unbearable, when his teeth nipped and teased her neck. She felt marked, scarred, as if he was branding her as his own. And for a moment she was certain Rawlings had lost complete control, just as she had, the very minute she set eyes on him.

"So beautiful," he muttered before dipping his tongue into her mouth.

Was it so wrong of her to want more of him? To cling to him as if he was her last breath? He took and she gave. Willingly, wantonly, because she loved him. Despite his faults, he was hers, and in this moment, the unredeemable Lord Rawlings was perfect.

When his hands slid to the front of her riding habit and pulled at her short jacket, she leaned into him. But as his warm hand came into contact with the thin chemise, he froze.

Rawlings pulled back abruptly. Agony washed over his features, and he stared at her. Then finally a morbid smile creased his lips, and he laughed. "It would never have been that way with Whitmore. Never. But tell me, were you comparing us?"

Dumbfounded, Abigail could only stand there. Hair mussed, lips swollen.

"Of course, I was," she answered.

"And?" His voice was strained.

"You've been measured and found wanting. Good day, Rawlings." Abigail shakily pulled at the reins and managed to climb onto her horse without bursting into tears.

****

He hated himself.

Loathed himself, actually.

How had things gotten so dreadfully out of hand? Had she any idea the power she held over him? It was as if he couldn't keep his mouth from saying the things he continued to say to her-out of jealousy, possession, desire. His baser instincts demanded he make an excuse for the way he felt about her.

His mind played back the previous night-the look of terror, not passion, on her face. Trembling she had run to him.

"I'm an idiot." He ran his fingers through his hair.

Though, as his arousal dissipated, he realized she had kissed as an innocent, which should have hinted to the fact that he had misjudged everything. Miserably.

The woman was a maze of confusion. He hadn't helped the situation by kissing her so desperately, as if he had no control over himself and was left with no recourse but to give into all he'd been struggling to keep inside.

Well, Sebastian was going to kill him.

It was inconceivable that Abby should go home and keep silent about his behavior. He had not only hurt her feelings, making false accusations because he was a coward and a rake, but he had thoroughly ruined her in the process.

Mounting his horse, he thought about his options. What if she said something? What if Sebastian were to demand they marry? Would it be so terrible? His lips still hummed with Abigail's fresh taste.

The lying had to stop. The rejection-everything. Could he continue to deny himself happiness? Furthermore, was Abigail the happiness his broken soul had been searching for? His head hurt from all the thinking it had been doing of late, and his body was more than irritated with him for allowing things to get out of control without any release in sight.

As Phillip turned his horse back toward the Tempest townhome, he wondered if he would forever be doomed to sleep with one eye open in case the object of his desire decided to pull a knife on him. He smiled. It wouldn't surprise him at all if Abigail did that or worse. It seemed he would always be safer if he didn't underestimate the chit.

She was a spitfire. Confident. Not exactly trustworthy, but a challenge to him at every step, and she made no excuses when he accused her. She sat like a lady and endured his venomous charges with dignity. And then she had kissed him.

What had she said? It has always been you. The first and the last.

Impossible. His mind was playing tricks on him. She was merely fascinated by him; it was nothing more than that.

Although he never thought himself the coward, he waited. If Sebastian called him out, he would confess his sins. But if nobody was the wiser, he would keep silent. For Abigail was the only woman Phillip knew he would lose his heart to, and he wasn't sure he trusted her with the remaining pieces.

Chapter Fourteen

This author is curious if anyone saw the sunrise the other morning. Many said it was beautiful, but a little bird also informed me there was a lovers' spat ruining the morning serenity. Who, this author asks, would be out so early for a tete-a-tete? Could it be Rawlings and his mysterious new bride? Or has he given up the hunt completely and found a mistress for his last days as a free man?

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

After the incident at the Hartwell's Masquerade, the kiss the previous morning, and the unfortunate incident of Phillip accusing Abigail of being a wanton chit, it was apparent that Abigail Gates was trying to kill him. Mercilessly and splendidly bringing him to his knees, all the while smiling her innocent smile and using her fan in the most aggravating way. Yes, death should be so sweet.

It was the second to the last event of the Season. Sebastian had said nothing to Rawlings save to ask if he had discovered the identity of Abigail's infatuation.

"Well, old chap, you see, it seems Abigail's been under the misapprehension that I'm redeemable, so it looks as if we are to be brothers-in-law."

Muttering an oath, he walked through the maze of people. It seemed as the Season came to an end, people grew more desperate. Debutantes no longer stayed near their chaperones but were found wandering-prowling was more like it, especially if they were lacking in marriage offers.

Chaperones became lax, because they too were tired of guarding their charge's honor just as much as the girls were exhausted by keeping it. Yes, there was always fresh scandal just before the end. Didn't he know it? Wasn't he facing the exact same desperation? His feelings toward Abigail had only been enflamed, and now it seemed he had no desire to marry anyone except the one girl he knew he was supposed to keep his hands off of.

And she was busy making him pay for the things he said. Twice he had seen her speak with Whitmore. And twice Whitmore had whispered into her ear. He should have gone to Sebastian, told him everything, admitted his feelings and gotten the whole blasted thing over with. Instead he had decided torturing himself would be the better alternative. So he watched while her fan flipped this way and that. He pretended not to care when Tuluse, a young man aspiring to be just as infamous as Phillip himself, kissed Abigail's delicate fingers.

Shaking, he tried to look anywhere but at Abigail. People pushed around him, careful not to touch him as if his sin would somehow rub off onto their prudish bodies. And then the strangest thing happened.

The Dowager Duchess of Barlowe made a grand show of parting the sea of people in front of her until she stood before him. Of all the horrible things to happen to him, this would be the worst.

Phillip gazed down at her with a smug grin and bowed. It was only a matter of time before one of society's most powerful dowagers would call him out on the carpet in front of the ton. Hadn't she been blackening his name just a few days past at the dinner party? The woman had made her opinion quite clear among the other ladies that he, Lord Rawlings, was truly beyond redemption.

He waited...and waited, then waited some more for the lady to say something-anything to set his nerves at ease.

"Lovely weather this July, don't you think?" She made a move to stand beside him but refused to make eye contact.

Phillip couldn't help it as his gaze scanned the shocked and offended faces of those around him. "It seems we shall be in for a sweltering ball at the end of the week."

"Agreed."

Never had Phillip been at loss for words around an elderly woman before. This was a first for the rake. "I, uh, that is to say...ahem, I-"

"Sweet heavens, Rawlings, do try to speak in complete sentences. It's hard enough for these old ears to pick up what others say when they aren't blabbering like fools."

"Right."

"Well then, it has been a pleasure, Rawlings, a true pleasure." The dowager turned to him, curtsied-to him, and then the saucy minx smiled and patted him on the shoulder before taking her leave.

What had just happened wasn't lost on him, for the moment she ambled away, several other members of the ton approached him.

The grumpy dowager had, without any sort of help, brought him back into the bosom of society, simply by talking of the weather.

Wonders never cease.

It had made sense that Tempest couldn't do it, for Tempest had caused his own string of scandals a month before, but this woman-revered for her strong opinions, worshipped because she, too, believed that the ton should rule the world-she accepted him.

But as Phillip shook hands and conversed with those around him, he could only wonder why.

****

Abigail wallowed in utter boredom as the man whose name she forgot continued to animatedly discuss the difference between good horse flesh and poor horse flesh. He lost her the minute he said, "You're a woman, so I won't make the assumption that you adequately know how to ride a horse."

From that statement on she nodded and smiled, nodded and smiled, all the while trying to think of ways she could insult him without making herself look wretched. What did her sex have to do with her horse-riding ability? The man spoke interminably, droning on and on despite the glazed look in her eyes. Then she saw something eerie.

The sea of people began shuffling, as if parting. The Dowager Duchess of Barlowe made her way toward Rawlings. Abigail's stomach dropped to her knees. She had to get to him-to rescue him. That woman would rather be eaten alive by rabid dogs than associate with Rawlings. Everyone knew her disdain for rakes, especially Rawlings. Hadn't Abigail just defended Rawlings to that old bag?

Gossips said the dowager had been seduced by a rake during her first Season. If it hadn't been for her dowry and the late duke's obsession with money, she would have been ruined. As it was, the dear lady did not have a love match. Instead she had to idly stand by while her husband not only spent all of her money but flaunted his mistresses at several ton gatherings as well. The woman was a stickler for rules. It wouldn't surprise Abigail one bit if the dowager were elected queen one day.

Rawlings seemed just as shocked as Abigail felt. She knew the smugness he exuded was just a defensive mask firmly put in place toward the evident cut he knew was coming. But the dowager did the strangest thing. She stood by him, and then her lips moved...as though she were speaking... to Rawlings!

Unable to feign interest any longer, Abigail muttered an apology and pushed past the young man who had been boring her to tears. Minutes I'll never get back in my life.

As her feet carried her closer, she could hear hushed whispers. "Rawlings? She is associating with him?"

The dowager smiled-the old cow smiled at Rawlings! Then she turned to him, winked, and patted him on the shoulder as if he was some sort of long lost son. The woman wouldn't even touch her lap dog. She believed outward signs of affection spoiled people.

Surely the dowager was foxed. Abigail carefully inspected the woman's gait as she left Rawlings' side. A graceful fluid stride carried her back to the side of the room.

"Impossible," Abigail said aloud.

"Indeed," a husky voice said from beside her. Turning, she came face to face with the most bronze-looking man she had ever seen. While his features were unapologetically English, his face spoke of long exposure to the elements.

He smiled, revealing blinding white teeth against his tan skin. He towered over her, and she could only stare. Never had she seen a more intimidating man in her life. However, somehow he put her at ease. Behind his enormous build was tenderness.

"My apologies, my lady. I do not wish to thrust society into more gossip. We have not yet been introduced, so I will take my leave. Enjoy the evening's events, Miss Gates."

Then he was gone. How did a giant disappear in a throng? Abigail's head snapped back to Rawlings, who was now overwhelmed by crowds of people. So that's all it takes? One respectable woman patting him on the shoulder, and immediately he's in the bosom of Society again.

A paralyzing fear clutched her as she watched several debutantes giggle and make their way towards Rawlings. Her Rawlings.

Oh, no!

Panic racked her brain. Every time she made a play for him he was as skittish as a church mouse. She couldn't lose him; she wouldn't lose him. Why had the idea of living without him and giving up been so easy to swallow earlier that day?

Because she knew she was lying to herself, and because his possessive kiss spoke otherwise. But time, it seemed, was not on her side.

Abigail considered his reactions. He only made mistakes when he was angry, when he was-jealous.

A thoughtful smile creased her lips. She bit her lip and went in search of Whitmore. Perhaps it would be easier than she thought?

It didn't take long to locate Whitmore, for he could always be found around women of low moral fiber with nothing left to lose. Wonder of all wonders, he was standing in a group of loud women who seemed just as foxed as Whitmore himself.

"My lord." She curtsied and tried her best to manage a seductive smile.

His demeanor changed immediately. "Why, Miss Gates, it is such a pleasure. I do believe we should finish our conversation in the gardens, wouldn't you agree?"

Abigail swallowed the bile in her throat. "Lovely."

Whitmore gently grabbed at her arm, then froze. A look of absolute fear washed over his features. "I-I, um."

"Whatever is the matter, my lord?" Abigail teased.

"I saw him. My bro-"

"Your what?" she coaxed, for he had stopped midsentence.

"Impossible. I've merely had too much to drink. I need..." Sweat beaded on his forehead. "My apologies, Miss Gates. I've suddenly taken ill." He spun on his heels and stumbled out of the room. Abigail was left staring after him in amazement. What the devil? Had the world flipped on its ear that night?

Her plan was over before it even began. She exhaled a frustrated huff of air and decided to get some weak and bitter lemonade-anything to keep her thoughts of Rawlings and her jealousy at bay.

"Blast!" Her dress was caught on something. Not wanting to gain any unwanted attention, she tugged at it, all the while fanning herself profusely as to ward off anyone who may think she needed assistance. She glanced down and noticed that the edge of her dress had wrapped itself on the table leg. How, it had managed to do that, she would never know. Muffling a curse, she nonchalantly pulled lightly as to not draw attention.

"Cursed thing!" She pulled harder, fanned harder, and felt all together exhausted, but the dress would not budge. Abigail glanced around and bent quickly to yank her skirts free, leaving her posterior high in the air as she pulled and pulled until it finally wrenched free, sending her toppling over.

She swore again, as the man who had previously bored her beyond recovery, helped her to her feet and began brushing at her skirts.

"No, I'm unharmed there is no need to-"

His frantic preening drew more attention than necessary. Soon enough there were ten men moving in all around her to save her from some sort of catastrophe or ruination.

"Oh blast it! Let me die right here, right now," she prayed, closing her eyes in mortification. She hoped somehow she would make it out of the crowd unscathed.

****

Never had Phillip been so angry. His pulse raced, muscles strained beneath the cool composure that was his smile as he gazed across the room at Abigail.

Again. She had done it again. And this time was the last time he would be used. It was his job to protect her from the men who cared nothing save for her fortune and the way she batted her eyelashes. Or perhaps it was the gleaming sun-kissed hair, which seemed to cause everyone in her vicinity to begin salivating like ravenous wolves.

The crush parted before him as he strode across the room to where she stood, batting those infuriating eyelashes and blushing at the fawning lot surrounding her.

"Gentlemen." He offered a curt nod to the mob of the eager pups swarming Abigail. Knowing his presence caused them unease, he decided to show the aspiring rakes how to properly seduce a girl. "Abigail," he said.

A resounding gasp followed, for he was using her Christian name in public. Ignoring the disapproval, he lifted her gloved hand to his lips and kissed it, lingering above her fingers as if he was having second thoughts about releasing her hand. "And might I say your dress is breathtaking this evening? Though I must admit I am shocked to see so many men fluttering about as I do now. You promised me a dance, but may I beg a favor?"

Angrily, she pulled her hand away and rubbed it, as if to dissolve the memory of his lips against her hand.

"Yes, my lord?" Wide green eyes shot daggers at him. "What is your desire?"

Chuckling, he leaned forward. It seemed everyone around them waited with bated breath. "You. Always you." Nearly choking on the last words, because they signaled such truth in his own heart. He pulled her away from the horde, leaving them with mouths gaping after them.

"That wasn't at all proper." Abigail fumed by his side. "And it wasn't my fault. They were merely helping me. You see, I had a sort of accident with my dress and-" She stumbled and was unable to finish the sentence.

Rawlings scowled at her carelessness and managed to keep a tight hand around her waist to steady her. He smiled as they passed the other guests on the way to the outside doors.

"You wouldn't." She gasped and tried to pull away.

"I would, and I am."

Nearly growling with frustration, he led her outside and down the rocky path through the darker parts of Vauxhall Gardens. When they reached a safe distance from the crowd, he released her.

"How dare you!" Abigail lunged for him, but he was too angry, too irritated, and too bloody tired of pushing her away. How dare she bend over in such a fashion and feign shock when men came bustling around her. This was no brothel. And she...was his!

The instant her body made contact with his, he grasped her wrists and pinned her against the nearest tree, rendering her immobile. He was anything but gentle as he leaned toward her face.

"How dare I?" he mocked. "Abigail, have you any idea the torment you've inflicted on me?" At the haughty lift of her chin, he laughed. "Of course you do. You've known all along, haven't you? But Abby, oh dear, Abby." He bent toward her, smelling the rosewater on her skin, ready to lick the curve of her neck, to grab at her corset and demand it release her body of its confinement. "You cannot play with fire and come away unscathed."

"You will release me." Her voice shook and her nostrils flared. She looked like a goddess in the moonlight. A siren-the same siren he had been pushing away from his aching dreams every night.

"I will not." His lips came crushing down on hers with such force that, for a moment, he was afraid he would bruise them. Her delicate hands pushed frantically against his chest until finally she relented and with a moan wrapped her arms around his neck and invited him closer.

He took advantage of every possible angle. The way the tree allowed him to embrace her without falling. The curve of her hip beneath his hand, and finally the taste of her tongue as it fought against his. Champagne and sweetness threatened to drown him in ecstasy. But he refused to stop. To stop would mean to go against what he'd been fighting for too long.

And Phillip Crawford, Eighth Earl of Rawlings, was tired of fighting. In the back of his mind, reason told him he should release her. Surely they would be caught. After all, several people had seen them leaving, he was sure of it.

But even though society now accepted him-even though he made a promise to Sebastian and to himself never to touch her-he couldn't seem to keep his body from pressing frantically against hers with a mind of its own. Then he made the choice he knew would change things forever.

Pulling back, he daringly gazed into her eyes and realized she was as lost as he. What were once pools of innocence now stared back at him with unbridled passion, wide and eager for their moment to continue.

She parted her swollen lips as if to speak. His mind raced with anticipation. Yes, he would taste her again, open her up, and consume her. Her hands tangled into his hair, mussing it beyond repair. Moaning, he pushed against her and with frantic fingers, pulled at the bodice of her gown, revealing absolute feminine perfection. It ignited him toward his goal, and he trailed kisses down her throat while simultaneously lifting her skirts.

When his hands reached her stockings, he thought he would die. Through a fog of lust, he vaguely recalled she was an innocent, undeserving of being accosted in a garden, but his brain rejected the notion immediately. Phillip was so aroused he was in pain, but he continued to slide his hands further up her legs until, with a curse, he froze.

Footsteps neared them. Trying to quiet his breathing, he shook his head at Abigail and pushed her further into the shadows, covering her with his body. As his lust cooled, his conscience rained accusations on him, telling him how catastrophic this compromising situation could be for both of them.

"Rawlings, I know you're in there, and you do know patience isn't one of my virtues. Hello, Abigail. I trust he's shown you why ladies whisper about his....certain skills." Sebastian's voice sounded bored, which, in all honesty, frightened Phillip more than if he would have charged in screaming with pistols firing.

Phillip glanced at Abigail. Her eyes were wide with fear. Cursing, he ran a hand through his hair, considering of his options.

"Do hurry up, Phillip, really."

Racking his brain for some sort of bone to throw the man, Phillip answered, "It isn't what you think. Abigail is at the ball. Have you lost her then?"

"Yes, she seems quite hidden. I wonder why that is?" Sebastian mocked even louder than before.

"She isn't here."

Sebastian chuckled. "Says the man who's hiding in the shadow of a tree."

"I'm merely enjoying the evening air...and shade."

"Shade? Pray tell, are you afraid you will be moonstruck? Or is the shade only the veil in which you need to seduce my sister-in-law? Do step out before you hurt yourself trying to think of more excuses, Phillip."

Deciding to take his punishment like a man, he walked into the light and groaned aloud, even though he hadn't meant to. Standing next to Sebastian was the Dowager Duchess of Barlowe.

"I take it there is to be a wedding announcement, your grace?" Phillip expected her to appear shocked, but she was nothing of the sort. The dowager merely stood there sporting a look of pure glee, probably due to the fact that she would be able to return to the ball with fresh news of a scandal.

"I suppose so." Sebastian kissed her hand. "And my thanks for the information as to the whereabouts of these two."

"Of course." She raised an eyebrow at Phillip and pivoted on her heel, humming on her way back to the ballroom doors.

Annoyed, Phillip wanted a drink and a good fight, perhaps even a gun to go off near his face, scarring him for what he had just done to Abigail. Instead, Sebastian wore an amused smirk.

"I must say, Phillip, I am surprised you were able to keep away from her this long. She is-well, how to put it..."

"Insufferable." Phillip finished with a curse.

"Ah, yes, she is that."

"I can hear you!" Abigail fumed behind them. To Phillip's relief, still quite hidden in the shadows.

Sebastian looked around Rawlings. "I've always admired your hearing, Abigail. Now, allow this rake to see to your hair and clothing before you return to the ball, and be ready for the announcement come tomorrow morning. I daresay Mrs. Peabody will choke on her morning tea."

With both hands clasped behind his back, Sebastian offered a quick bow and left them.

Phillip was exhausted. He could sense Abigail's movement behind him. Wanting desperately to fix things, he didn't know what to say. He couldn't feign innocence. He had no idea what would happen once they were alone. Nor could he completely deny that the short few moments in her arms were the best of his life. So he merely stood there like a statue as Abigail put her hand on his shoulder.

"I'm sorry," he choked out, because truly he was the worst type of rogue. Wanting nothing more than to be slapped for his idiotic behavior in trying to ravish her, he turned to face the one woman whose kisses had changed him forever.

"For kissing me or for getting caught?" Her dress was back in a respectable position, but part of the front was torn. It would need mending if she was to return to the ball. Her lips were a touch swollen, but her eyes...never had he seen them look so beautiful-so crystal clear, as though she had just seen the sunrise for the first time.

And it was that pure beauty that made him say the next few words, for his heart screamed against it. No. Demanded he confess his love, the love he knew had been growing for her since she kissed him in the rain. But for her protection, he would do anything. Even give up a fortune he knew he didn't deserve.

"Both, I reckon," he ground out. "After all, I was hoping I could ruin you and have you back for the next dance in record time. Seems I've been a little out of practice."

"Ruin me?"

"You've been dancing around me for far too long. It was my intention to give you exactly what you've been asking for. You should count yourself lucky that it would be I taking your virtue and not a shadow of a man like Whitmore or, heaven forbid, that horse fellow."

Abigail swallowed and looked away. "So your purpose-"

"Purely carnal, I assure you. After all, what would I do with an innocent woman in my bed for the rest of my days? I can assure you, not only would it be a complete and utter bore, but the worst type of life for both of us. You would constantly worry about me when I didn't return at night, and I would constantly ignore you, ready to pay the first man on the street to pleasure you, so I wouldn't have to."

Abigail's breath hitched in her throat. "You don't mean that. I can see it in your eyes. Why are you lying? Why say these things?"

Phillip felt his shield crumbling by the second. He didn't deserve her love, or her belief that he could be anything but what he was. "I have no idea what you're talking about. You're spouting nonsense." He waved her off.

Abigail's hands tightened into tiny fists. "You love me."

"No." He almost choked. He had to get away; her truth suffocated him.

"Yes!" she hissed and took him by the shoulders. "Look at me!"

He obliged. The poor girl was shaking with either fury or pain. Both were unbearable to acknowledge. "You just won't admit it. Why do you refuse to let anyone in? Why is it so hard for you to see yourself as I see you? You walk around with a giant chip on your shoulder, and I feel sorry for you. You hide everything that is good and worthy about you, because you are a coward."

"Watch yourself, Abby."

But she continued. "You're afraid that if people really see you for who you are, a good man, a person capable of love, then they'll reject you! It's so much easier for you to live in the darkness, because nobody expects anything more of you! It's why you left home all those years ago-why you hated the pressure your father put on you, and why you cannot bring yourself to look at me in the eyes even now. You are the worst sort of coward, and how I wish I could hate you, but it is impossible."

"Tsk, tsk. You give up too easily, dear Abby, for nothing is impossible. Hate me, Abby, for I completely and whole-heartedly despise you."

"No. You do not. And I will never hate you. How could I possibly hate the man I love? The man I am going to marry? Collect yourself, Rawlings, and do try to act the man I know you are, for we have an announcement to make, and it's going to take a lot more than your sorry excuses to push me away."

Abby turned and made her way toward the ballroom doors, leaving Phillip with nothing but the empty July air and his thoughts. How did she know that? How did she so clearly see something even he had never acknowledged?

Confused about whether or not he should chase after her, applaud her, or continue to fight, he merely stood. Memories of his past came flooding into the present. The responsibility his father had put on him at such a young age. The idea that being the heir meant he had to take care of everyone and everything.

The day his mother died, she told him it was up to him to carry on the family name, for he had no siblings, other than his half-brother John.

The money. Knowing that one day it would all be his. The marriage betrothal to a girl he could only see as a sister. And finally, his father's death with his last wish that Phillip grow up and make something of himself, lest he disappoint his father even in the grave.

It was in that moment, as all those ghosts haunted his thoughts that he painfully realized one thing. The most innocent of debutantes, the one he often remembered as a tiny girl in pigtails, had grown into a beautiful woman. And she was agonizingly right.

Chapter Fifteen

Dear readers, listen carefully, for the news I must announce has apparently been a long time coming. Who would have thought that the Duke of Tempest has deemed the devil good enough for his own family? You heard it here first! It seems that one of the best kept secrets of the Season is a surprise to even me. For Lord Rawlings is to be married to Miss Abigail Gates. And it appears to be a love match. I know. I, too, had to lace my tea in order to swallow this bit of information. Mark my words, my friends, even zebras can change their stripes. Lord Rawlings has been officially taken into the bosom of Society by none other than the Dowager of Barlowe. And as if matters could not get any more confusing as this Season ends, it appears that rumors of Lord Whitmore's madness have also not been exaggerated. I wait with eager anticipation for the Season's final ball and wonder what things will be exposed before we all retire to the country?

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers.

Abigail was too consumed with irritation to allow herself to cry over the hurtful things Rawlings had said.

How was it that when the world seemed to come crashing around a person, that nobody else noticed? It was as if she never left the ball. Champagne flowed freely, people laughed and danced. The ballroom looked exactly as it had before. It was Abigail who had changed.

The sensation of Rawlings' mouth pressed against hers haunted her still, and she lifted her gloved fingers to her lips and sighed. The kiss burned in her memory. Consuming her every breath, stealing every ounce of passion she thought herself capable of.

But one thing continued to glow in the back of her mind. Rawlings was frantic, as if her kiss would heal, would save him. The man without a conscience, it seemed, was deceiving everyone with two eyes, and it was only in that passion-filled moment that she realized it.

Act a fool, be a rake. No one will expect greatness from you. No, they'll only glory in your wickedness and laugh at your weakness. For people never sin in silence and expect to be heaven bound. No, instead they sin for everyone to see, in hopes of bringing a friend along with them to hell.

Abigail smiled through her thoughts and lowered her head as she walked to the lady's retiring room. There should be a seamstress there, for she not only needed help with her bodice, but also the bottom of her skirt which had trapped her in that daft situation in the first place.

It was bound to happen. She and Rawlings. It was only a matter of time before one of them snapped. She just didn't think he would do it so soon and without any thought to her reputation, not that she would ever deny him anything.

Holding a hand over the tear in her bodice, she came to the room and froze. The man, the bronze-skinned man, stood in front of her again. This time, without a word, he put a finger to his lips and brought her into the shadows.

Fingers brushed into her hair. At first a sickening fear took over. Was she truly being seduced again?

But then, he began pinning her hair back into place. And when he finished with her hair, he pulled out a knife and cut at the rip in her bodice, fully removing the tear, but simultaneously making it more revealing. Not that she wasn't grateful.

"Who are you?" Her voice was a mere whisper.

She could see his gleaming white teeth in the dark. "It appears you have a fan of sorts, Miss Gates. I was asked to help you right yourself and make sure nobody was aware of your absence. I do hope you are recovered from your...fall in the gardens."

"Yes, I believe so." She told herself not to cry and then promptly burst into tears. Abigail would never give up on Rawlings, but she had such a gripping fear that he would hate her and would rather die than admit his feelings. He was so deep in self-pity and self-loathing he wouldn't even take her- the one woman who would love him in spite of everything, who could save him from his impending ruin. He had but one event left. He needed a bride, and it stung that when she was practically standing in front of him all he accepted from her was her body rather than the marriage that would secure his future. Unfortunately, he also took the rest of her heart, everything she had left. And this is why this foreign man's touch did nothing to her, did not excite her. It left her numb.

"My thanks," she finally said.

The man nodded in the shadows. "He will come around, Miss Gates. Of that I am certain. Sometimes rakes need a little push before they can fully accept the love so freely offered."

"What did you say your name was, my lord?" she asked.

He laughed a rich bellowing laugh. "Now I know why you are the best of friends."

"What?" What the devil was he talking about?

"Good evening, Miss Gates. Be sure to return the way you came so not raise suspicion."

"Right then." She pivoted on her heel and quickly went back into the ballroom. Rawlings was standing on the other side of the room by Sebastian.

Her infuriating brother-in-law motioned for her to join them. She shuffled toward them, not able to meet their eyes.

"Abigail, good of you to join us." Sebastian patted her hand. "Emma and I must stay a while longer, but I have asked Rawlings to escort you home. You've had enough excitement for one night, wouldn't you agree?"

Did she have to agree or could she make a run for it?

"Yes, of course, your grace," she mumbled.

Rawlings appeared as pleased as she felt. And she couldn't trust herself not to scold him any further for saying the things he had. As they made their way to the door, she couldn't help but look for the stranger who had helped her earlier. He seemed vaguely familiar, but she had no idea why. And his talk of her best friend was a trifle alarming. How was it that he knew everyone she knew?

"Looking for Whitmore?" Rawlings asked.

She tripped him.

He cursed.

She smirked and drifted to the waiting carriage.

"Must you behave so immaturely?" He tightened his grip on her arm.

Abigail sighed. "Must you be such an idiot?"

Rawlings grumbled something under his breath and helped her into the carriage. Dead silence ensued as they sat rigidly straight, staring at nothing save the darkness in front of them.

Finally, because she was actually feeling quite immature, she threw her reticule at his head and was surprised to see him react in time to miss the blow altogether.

"What in the blazes was that for?"

Abigail shrugged. "It slipped."

"A likely story! What do you keep in that monstrosity? Rocks? Blades to cut out the souls of each man whom you have eating out of the palm of your hand? Devil take it, Abigail, I am so sick and tired of you-"

"Stop talking. I bore so of your complaining, Rawlings." Launching herself from the other side of the carriage to where he sat, she pinned him against the seat and kissed the anger out of him, the hurt out of her, and the pain from them both.

He appeared to welcome her assault, cursing as he took a breath and pulled at her hair, sending pins flying to the floor. "Do you enjoy torturing me?"

Panting, she answered. "Do you enjoy torturing yourself?"

"Apparently." He growled, reaching for her body again, jerked it hard against his, stealing the air out of her lungs. "I want you. Devil knows I've tried to stay away from you."

"Don't."

"We cannot marry, Abby." Rawlings tore off her cloak, sending a pool of fabric to the floor. "You deserve to choose." His words said one thing, but his body said another entirely as he pushed her down on the seat and covered her with his warmth.

"What if you are whom I chose?"

He stopped cold. She grasped his hand, realizing it was shaking. She held it to her lips and kissed it. "Rawlings, what if you are my desire? What if I'm not a debutante out to ruin myself? What if I desire you as my own? As a woman in love with a man. Would you have me believe you are beyond saving?"

His eyes closed and his forehead rested against hers. "You tell me."

"I thought I had."

"No. I believe what you did was yell, quite loudly, obscenities about me and my character into the night air."

She laughed. "That too." He was still on top of her, as if having a conversation in the middle of kissing was a normal occurrence for him.

"I can't seem to keep myself from pushing you away," he admitted, looking to the left of her. "However, my mind, my heart, and my body are not in complete agreement."

Abigail tugged a piece of his dark silky hair. "And what, pray tell, is your body saying?"

"To consume you."

"And your mind?"

"To ravish you beyond repair." He licked her earlobe.

"And your heart?" she whispered.

He paused. "To love you, with every breath I take."

Heart soaring, Abigail pulled at him until his large body fully covered hers. "Then show me."

He smiled, genuinely smiled. It was so blinding, so attractive that she couldn't help that her eyes widened in astonishment. Welcome back to the land of the living, Lord Rawlings.

"With pleasure." He kissed her tenderly on the mouth, and she waited for the moment she had been wanting. He would take her; she was sure of it.

But instead, she found herself firmly planted on the other side of the carriage. "I...I don't understand."

"Take your virginity in a moving carriage? What type of man do you take me for?"

Was that a trick question? Did he not know his own identity? This was the man whose bad deeds and womanizing ways were legendary throughout London. Not that she wanted to think of other women at this time, but the thought plagued her. Why, when a woman actually loved him, did he decide to deny his carnal nature?

"I doubt Sebastian would be pleased to know that I took his infuriating, irritating, calculating brazen-"

Fire must have flickered in her eyes, for she was ready to lunge for him, but he laughed and continued, "-bold, beautiful, joyful, passionate sister-in-law before the banns were read."

The man had a point, although she was ready to burn up with unquenched passion. Once it faded she would regret allowing such things to transpire so soon. She gave him a desperate look, not purposefully, but needing to communicate the swell of emotions.

"Abigail, if you look at me that way again, I cannot be held responsible for my actions. There is only so much a man can take, and I think we can agree that I'm a flawed one at that. I'll have you on your back with your skirts lifted before you can utter anything but Please Phillip, and Again, Phillip. So, my suggestion is this, scurry on up to your bedroom, lock your door, and do not...I repeat, do not open it. Unless it is Sebastian or your maid on the other side. Do you understand?"

"What if it's Emma?" she teased.

"Abigail, can I really not scare you away?"

"You don't scare me, Rawlings," she snorted.

"Right then, shall I torture you as you've tortured me? Hmm...yes, I think so." Rawlings plopped down beside her, taking her hand in his.

"I would lick every inch of your skin, but very slowly as to burn the memory of your scent into my mind." He moved to pull off her glove. Throwing it on the ground, he raised her hand to his lips. "Mmm, yes, you taste good even here." And with a wicked gleam in his eyes, he smiled and extracted one of her fingers into his mouth and sucked.

Uncontrollable shivers ran up and down her body as he continued his assault on every one of her fingers until she thought she would go mad.

When he placed her hand on his lap, she prayed he was finished, but seeing his eyes darken, she realized her prayers were in vain. For she was in a carriage alone with the most reckless rake of them all. Stop was not a word he understood. Torture, however, was.

Offering her a satisfied smile, he said, "But you haven't a care for the way you taste. Would you like to taste me?"

Was she nodding her head? Apparently, because his next move was to reach out and touch her lips. Tilting his head, he hovered near her mouth, licking and kissing along her chin until his tongue plunged into her mouth.

His tongue, his lips-everything tasted of wine, masculine soap, sweat. She grasped at his evening coat, and she pulled at him, eager for more.

Instead the carriage rumbled to a stop outside the Tempest townhome.

"I'll see you inside," Rawlings said but made no move to exit the carriage. He looked down at her hands. He was grasping them as if they were his entire reason for existence. "Are you sure, Abby? The things I've done..."

"I'm aware of your sordid accomplishments, but I'm also aware of the man behind the reputation. I want you. Do you remember the waterfall?"

Rawlings twirled a piece of her hair with his finger. "Yes, you nearly drowned and I swore that day to teach you how to swim if it killed me."

"Which it almost did."

"Agreed." Rawlings looked away. "Why do you bring that story up, Abby?"

She drew a shaky breath. "Because it was the same day I saw a glimpse of the man you could become. Do you not remember what else happened that day?"

He shook his head.

"Yes, I nearly drowned, but when you helped me back to the house you took the entire blame. You said I was under your care, and you had let me down. You carried all the blame upon your shoulders as well as the punishment, even though I followed you and I fell in. Rawlings, you might be a rake, and I, as well as the entirety of London, know you haven't made the best choices. But when it counts, you would shoulder the world if it would lighten the load for even your worst enemy." Abigail laughed. "You've always been my hero. Maybe one day, when you look at yourself, you'll truly see the man you can be, rather than the man you've been."

"God bless you for seeing something even I don't." He chuckled darkly and hopped out of the carriage, his grip on her hand firm. "Thank you, Abby, for your words. I must admit that compliments are unfamiliar to me. Scolding on the other hand..."

"If you remember correctly, I've given both." Abigail winked.

"Yes, you have." Phillip led her to the stairs of the townhome.

The evening breeze played with her shawl as she fingered the delicate fabric across her shoulders.

"I'll make arrangements with your father tomorrow." Rawlings brought her fingers to his lips and smiled. "Tomorrow, Abby?"

"Tomorrow." Abigail couldn't trust her own voice as it shook with excitement. Tomorrow she would officially be betrothed to Rawlings. It could not come soon enough.

Chapter Sixteen

It appears the ton has a late visitor. A certain bronzed man was seen walking around the latest ball. It's been said he's a long lost prince in search of his princess. It's about time this season had a few heroes showing up, what with all of our attention being put onto the villains, aka Lord Rawlings, though this author believes it is possible that the man is cleaning up his act.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

He knew it was ridiculous and unfounded, but Rawlings could not help the nervousness he felt as he knocked on the Gates' townhome. It was stupid really. He thought he had nerves of steel, and instead he was standing outside the house feeling much like a young man asking a father's permission to court his daughter for the first time.

The butler answered with a cool nod, looking him up and down before asking for his card.

"Is Lord Gates receiving callers?"

"And whom may I say is inquiring?" the butler narrowed his eyes and frowned. Did butlers have some sort of secret society where they looked down upon the less than holy gentry?

Rawlings' reputation was wearing on him, truly. Marriage would be a welcome change; maybe then butlers would answer their doors with smiles instead of scowls and judgmental gazes.

On second thought, he wasn't acquainted with any butlers who even knew how to smile. Reluctantly, he pulled out his card and placed it on the silver tray.

Lifting his eyebrow, the butler examined the card then opened the door wider and allowed him inside the entryway. Rawlings cleared his throat and stepped over the threshold. Within minutes Lord Gates appeared.

"Rawlings, my boy, what has you visiting so early? Let us adjourn into the sitting room for some tea. The viscountess is out, which means we'll be able to add some whiskey to that repulsive stuff."

"Right." Phillip exhaled and followed Lord Gates into the room, hoping that the man slipped and poured more alcohol into his tea so he would be foxed enough to accept Phillip into the family.

The men sat opposite one another and waited for the tea to be served before settling into conversation. As promised Lord Gates poured generous amounts of whiskey into each cup and gave a satisfied huff.

"So, my boy, how have things been progressing with Abigail? Have you found her a good match?"

Phillip choked. "Sorry, yes, well it seems, that..." he stopped talking and took a deep breath to begin again. "It seems that Abigail, that is, Miss Gates and I-"

"Blast it all, boy, spit it out." Lord Gates chuckled. "I say, what has you so uncomfortable? I don't believe I've ever seen you so put out."

Even better. "I've come to ask for her hand in marriage." Phillip lifted his tea as if to block the shot of a pistol from hitting his face. Yes, because tea of all things would prevent his death. Idiot.

Silence followed his outburst, and then laughter. "Really, my boy? You aren't trying to play me for a fool?"

"Course not, my lord, I wouldn't dream of pulling such a stunt." Or lying to my future father-in-law before he agrees to my proposal.

"Well then, fancy that." Lord Gates clapped his hands, making Phillip nearly drop his tea in his lap. "It seems a celebration of sorts is in order. Champagne!" He rang for the servants and then gave instructions for them to bring in a bottle of champagne at once.

"My wife will be pleased. We had so hoped that Abby would make a smart match and it appears she has. An earl no less. And a friend of our family."

Phillip wanted to inform Lord Gates that although he was an earl, Abby would be subjected to the same type of reputation it seemed Lord Gates wanted her protected from. Then again, it was Gates. He would marry his daughter off to the worst sort of rake if it somehow solidified him into society even more.

"Oh no," Lord Gates' low voice jerked Phillip out of his thoughts. "Oh no, this won't do. Oh Rawlings."

Was the man dying? "What is it, my lord?"

"Given your reputation I'm sure you can forgive such a thing as this. After all, you are anything but spotless."

Wonderful of him to point out the obvious. "Agreed," Phillip answered. "But what has you suddenly so upset?"

"It is Abby. Oh please do not let this reflect on her character. I know my own daughter. I know she can be a bit rash at times."

A bit?

"But you see Rawlings, it wasn't her fault!"

Phillip was getting more uncomfortable by the second. "What wasn't her fault?" he asked.

The door opened, and champagne was brought in. The minute it closed Gates shot up from his chair and began pacing. "It was my fault for allowing her so much freedom. It seems that I haven't been honest about her...reputation."

"Whatever do you mean?" Phillip wasn't entirely sure he wanted to know the answer. Gates paused in front of the fireplace.

"She was quite ruined before her first ball."

Phillip cursed. "Ruined? However was she ruined? Who was it?" His voice was getting louder by its own accord. If any man touched her, he would rip his hands off. Destroy him until he cried for mercy. He would-

"In the park, a man kissed her in the park."

Pausing, Phillip kept his face impassive. "A man in the park you say?"

Gates moaned. "Yes, well it seems that this man was dressed as some sort of street urchin."

Phillip looked down at his own clothes. "You don't say?"

"Oh but I do! For it came from young Abby not myself. She explained to me in horrid detail how this man accosted her."

"What else did she say?" Phillip, now calm, was planning his revenge on little Abby as her father spoke. Smiling, Phillip cleared his throat to keep from bursting at the seams with laughter.

Gates seemed to calm down enough to take his seat again. Most likely the alcohol was slowing his system. "That the man was devilishly handsome, but dangerous. She was so worried he would ruin her. This is why we had you protect her for the last few events. To have this get out would be awful. Nobody would want her if they knew she had shared such a private moment with another man."

"So you kept the truth from me? For all you revealed was that she was alone in the park with a man?"

"My apologies, my lord. I had no idea you would offer for her, but I feel honesty really is the best in this situation. Tell me, will you still want her even though she is soiled goods?" Gates' eyes looked hopeful.

Phillip would gladly punch him for calling his own daughter soiled goods when she did nothing but share a kiss with a man. The same man offering for her. The very same man she had splendidly described as a street urchin. Lovely. She would pay for that later.

"Gates, it seems I shall have to take her off your hands merely to protect her from herself, and to keep her honor intact." Sarcasm dripped off every delightful word he said.

"Bless you, my boy, bless you." Gates reached across and patted him on the hand.

Phillip kept his smile in check. Rubbing his knuckles across his jaw, he tried to decide if he should strangle her today or wait until later.

They drank champagne in silence. Lord Gates had more than his fair share and lit a cheroot before asking Phillip about the marriage settlement. He was astonished to find out that being married would release all of Phillip's money, making him the third richest man in England.

"Brilliant match," Gates muttered as Phillip took his leave. He still had to speak with his solicitor to make arrangements for the marriage. If things ended well, they would be married by the end of the month, just in time for a month-long honeymoon before hunting season.

Phillip smiled to himself the entire way the offices where his solicitor resided. Within a manner of moments, he was knocking on Theodore Littman's door.

If all manners were agreed to, he would in essence not only have his money by the end of the month, but Abigail-infuriating little Abigail-as well.

Her kisses-no, her mouth-was helping him get through the stressful day. And he could very well imagine how he would ask for his reward upon their next meeting. In fact, his vivid imagination continued to play images of her body writhing with pleasure under his. Marriage would indeed be a welcome distraction. He had half a mind to lock her in their bed chambers after the lies she had told about him. A street urchin? Hardly.

"Ah, my lord, it's a surprise to see you here." Littman rose from his dark oak desk and walked around to give a little bow. "I do hope everything has been set to your satisfaction?"

"Pardon?" Phillip asked somewhat confused. Had he been speaking without his knowledge? Odd. He took a seat, carefully folding his hands in his lap. The office was just as he would have thought it would be, with the stagnant smell of parchment hanging in the air.

"Felicitations are in order, I believe, as well. Your mother was so pleased to hear of it."

Mother? How in the devil did his mother already hear of his engagement? It hadn't been finalized until this morning.

"Yes, well, thank you," Phillip said. "Now onto business. I should like to see what properties are to be released into my care as well as my overall inheritance once the marriage license is signed."

The man paled and then looked as if he would be sick. Taking off his spectacles, he rubbed his eyes and cursed under his breath. "My lord, forgive me, but I've already been through this earlier today with your mother. Regardless of her feelings on your marriage, all properties and monies are in your name and-"

"What in the blazes was my mother doing here?"

Littman sighed. "Every month your mother makes her appearance for the allowance allotted to her by the late Lord Rawlings, bless his soul. And to be frank, Rawlings, I tire of her constantly asking for more. Today she claimed to have your blessing. But law is law, and I am not able to release any of your money into her care regardless of how much she may need it."

Phillip's cravat seemed to tighten around his neck. "My apologies for never visiting before now, but can we get along with the contract my father left?"

Littman cleared his throat. "I do not pretend to know what your mother may have said to you, my lord, but there is no contract."

"My apologies, a will perhaps?"

Rubbing his jaw, Littman suddenly looked as if he might be very ill indeed. "My lord, let us make it easier on one another. What is it that you are actually here for?"

Rawlings, still perplexed, shifted on the wooden chair before letting out an exasperated sigh. "I'm here to see to my inheritance, the inheritance I was told would come to me once I married. Though as you know, my father made it so I needed to be married before my next birthday. I am in fact getting married soon, therefore I would like to release everything into my own name and hurry along with it, if you don't mind."

Littman rose from his chair and walked over to the door, pushing it closed. He pulled a cheroot from his pocket and lit it. "My lord, who read your father's will to you?"

"I received my father's dying wishes in a letter sent from the country estate. He hadn't even said goodbye or that parting would be such sorrow for him. Merely that he tired of my rakish ways and was withholding all properties and money until I married. He also said that I was officially cut off until the terms of the contract were met. I wrote back to my stepmother immediately and she confirmed it in truth."

"Well..." Littman chuckled, rubbing his eyes with the back of his hand. "It seems someone has been trying very hard to deceive you. Allow me to read to you, the terms of the inheritance as per your father's death."

"The title of the Earl of Rawlings will officially be relinquished to my son, Phillip Crawford. Upon my death, he shall receive all the money from the lands owned in the Rawlings' good name, as well as the four separate estates located throughout England. He will be allotted a generous monthly allowance until his thirtieth birthday, upon that day he will receive the sum of all his inheritance in full."

Rather stunned, Phillip could only sit slack-jawed at what had just been said to him. "I never needed to marry?"

"No, my lord, it appears, you've been quite wealthy this entire time. Though, I'm curious as to why your stepmother never told you. You see, each monthly visit she is to bring your family ring to show to me that she has your permission to withdraw on her funds. Your father was very specific about you being in charge of her allowance."

"My stepmother," Phillip choked. "She has known of this since his death?"

Littman laughed. "My dear boy, she was with me when I read the will. Of course she knows. It appears however, that you did not. Tell me, why didn't you visit to see for yourself, my lord? I did, after all, inquire as to your location only to receive nothing from you in response. I had something of a personal matter to discuss with you regarding your father."

Bitterness, anger, and hurt over his father's commands, and finally a grief over the loss of the man he never cared to know in his later years washed over him like a dense fog. Gripping the chair, he found words would not flow from his mouth. But to admit that, out loud, in front of his solicitor was not the place to visit the horrendous memories of his past. How had he been so blind? His stepmother cared nothing for him; he had almost made it too easy for the woman to control him the way she had.

"Proceed, then." Phillip said.

"A letter, from your father."

A letter? What could he possibly have written? "May I see it?"

"Of course." Littman pulled a worn envelope from his desk and handed it to Phillip. "I'll just give you a moment." He left the room.

Hands trembling, Phillip ran his fingers over the rough paper. Taking a breath, he opened the envelope and pulled the letter out. His father's handwriting was scratchy and shaky, revealing to Phillip yet again the state of his father's health when he had been away soiling the family name.

Son, there wasn't enough time. Words cannot express the regrets I have in the way I raised you and John. I ask you forgive me for my rashness and firm hand in your upbringing, for I fear it has made you believe I haven't a care for you as a person. Yet my heart is heavy with sadness as I write this. For you, Phillip, are my flesh and blood. I am truly very proud of you and know without a doubt that you will soon discover the strength within yourself to be the man I've always known you could become.

I know you've a mind for numbers. I pray that the inheritance I leave you grows to astonishing sums. And please be kind to your many tenants. They rely on you for everything. It is a large job, which is why I ask that you visit each of the estates as much as you are able.

Phillip, I know you might think me cruel for not saying all of these things until now. I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive this old man his many sins. I do hope you will remember me for my more redeeming qualities.

Signed,

George S Crawford,

Seventh Earl of Rawlings

Phillip wasn't aware that his eyes were filled with tears until one splashed onto the yellowed parchment. Gathering himself, he folded the letter into his pocket and sat for a few minutes in silence.

How many years since his father's death? At least five. Five years that the estates have gone without a lord. He hadn't seen any reason to attend any of them since he didn't legally own them, or at least he hadn't thought he did.

So many musings jumbled his brain. First, he needed to put a stop to his stepmother, and second it was imperative that he visit the estates. He prayed they were still in good condition. Not to be found with starving tenants and angry servants.

The door clicked open.

"Littman, from here on out would you please cease to give my mother her allowance unless I am with her? Have the money transferred immediately into my possession, and if it isn't too much to ask, please keep this meeting to yourself."

"Of course, my lord, very good."

With a curse, Phillip left the room, slamming the door behind him. All those years, wasted. Good years, times he could have been actively making something of his life rather than complaining over his bad luck.

Had bitterness really made him that blind?

As he made his way down the street to his carriage, the only thought in his head was not of his wealth or his mother's betrayal, but of Abby's face.

He didn't need to get married after all.

And so it was that Phillip was faced with a similar situation as to the one before with Emma. Break the marriage contract and ruin the girl because of selfish ambition, or marry her, for the woman she was, not for what she would have given him.

The thought haunted him the entire way home.

Chapter Seventeen

Quick! Did you hear it? Yes, it does appear that the world is ending. From this author's quill to your ears. Remember where you heard this first. It appears that the rake of the century is not as impoverished as once believed. In fact, he could support half the ton and still live quite comfortably in one of his four estates. Something devious this way comes, for the earl himself was not aware of his situation until today. It seems the devil has been a pawn in a much larger game than any of us could have imagined. But never fear, dear readers! This author will get to the bottom of this scandal. Or my name isn't Mrs. Peabody. But then again, it never was...

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

Abby hadn't slept a wink that night. Betrothed to Rawlings, not because of her manipulative skills. No. But because her dress had been caught under a blasted table and he thought her trying to flaunt her better-assets.

Ridiculous notion, as if tugging on her dress would lure him away from the debutantes fluttering about.

With a very unlady-like squeal, she jumped from her bed to ready herself for the day. Rawlings would be arriving after his talk with her father. Lord Gates would die before letting such an opportunity pass him by. Imagine. One daughter is a duchess and the next a countess. What more could the man want? Other than for his daughters to be blindingly happy. Unfortunately, she knew her father too well for that to be a reason. A title and wealth were all he required.

She put on an afternoon dress for visiting because she hated to come back to her room to change out of her morning dress. And it appeared she had overslept by a few hours. Could anyone blame her? They hadn't returned from the ball until an hour after midnight, and it had taken her even longer to fall asleep, for the memory of Rawlings' lips burned in her mind. Tossing and turning, she nearly had her entire wedding planned by the time sleep claimed her.

Unable to keep her composure much longer without bursting, she ran down the stairs in search of Sebastian or at least her sister. She had so much good news she thought she might burst from the joy of it.

"Abby?" Emma's voice sounded odd, thickened by emotion perhaps? Or maybe sleep? "Abby, would you come here please?"

She followed her sister's voice to Sebastian's study. She often spent time with the duke reading, while he sent out letters to various important people. It seemed they could not stand being apart for more than a few moments.

"Yes?" Nearly slamming into the wall because she lost her footing, Abigail's answer came out more as a yell than the soft-spoken speech women of gentle breeding were told to use.

"Have a seat, dearest," Emma patted next to her and sniffled. Was she crying?

Slowly, Abigail walked to where Emma sat and plopped down next to her. Emma fumbled with her dress until Abigail thought she might go insane.

"Has something happened? Is Sebastian well?"

"Oh." Emma looked flustered. "Yes, yes of course he is well. All is well, how are you?" She leaned in, looking Abigail up and down. She half expected her sister to ask her to get up and twirl so she could inspect her.

"Perfectly fine. Why shouldn't I be?" Abigail giggled.

"Oh dear."

"What?"

"Nothing."

"It is not nothing! For the love of all that is holy, stop twittering with your dress and staring at me as if I have three heads. Spit it out, Emma."

Laughter echoed off the streets, drifting through the nearby window, which was open to the goings on of the bustling world. Abigail waited, for Emma was always one to calculate her thoughts before speaking them aloud, making anyone within her vicinity ready to go mad with rage after a few silent moments. It seemed Sebastian's training had helped. Abigail looked helplessly at her sister, who squeezed her eyes shut and, with a curse, punched the pillow next to her.

"Should I get Sebastian? You do not seem well." Abigail moved toward the door.

"No, wait!" Emma grabbed her. "Have you heard from Rawlings at all today?"

Abigail shrugged. "I imagine he's still with Father."

"He isn't."

"How do you know? After all, calling hours won't be for a while, and I can't imagine him showing up so early just to gain my hand."

"But he did."

Abigail smiled. "But that's fantastic news! And has Father accepted?"

"Sister, how much do you know of Phillip's situation?"

It was Abigail's turn to play with the ribbon on her dress. "As much as anyone else, I supposed. He needs to marry for money, his debt is unimaginable, and his stepmother is a complete monster."

"Oh, I cannot do this. I really cannot do this. I told Sebastian earlier that there was no way I could have this type of conversation with my sister and what does he do? He runs off to chase after Rawlings!"

"Chase?" Abigail laughed. "Whatever do you mean chase? Rawlings lives only a few doors down."

"He's gone, Abby. I'm so sorry but he's left."

"Sebastian?"

Emma's eyes pooled with tears, her lower lip quivered as she bit down on it. "No, it appears Phillip has left town. Nobody knows why but his mother. Oh, Abby, I don't know what to believe. His mother is spreading the most terrible news. She is saying that he only needed to be betrothed to release the money to his care. And when she went to the solicitor there was nothing left. He only needed a betrothal to obtain the money, Abby. It's gone, and so is he."

Abigail's stomach heaved. He wouldn't, no he couldn't. He loved her. Hadn't he said as much last night? Last night when he was seducing her out of her mind? When he was gaining her hand in marriage?

"I don't believe you." Abigail pushed away from her sister. Arms trembling, she wrapped them around her stomach offering little comfort to her thumping heart. "If it was true, he would have married anyone. A girl off the street. He wouldn't have been as desperate as he was. It doesn't make sense."

"Then you need to hear the worst part of the news. I'm afraid that Lady Rawlings is also saying that it was an act to get back at our family."

"For what?"

"For my disgrace."

"How would she know about you? How would anyone know?" Her voice rose and her chest was heavy with fear. She wanted to run but didn't know in what direction. "Emma, does everyone know about the broken marriage contract between you and Rawlings?"

It was then that Emma burst into tears. "It was time. We kept it quiet for so long. It was time, Abby. I have Sebastian. Who cares about the stupid marriage contract?"

Rawlings had at one point been betrothed to Emma but ripped up the marriage contract upon finding her in a compromising situation with his half-brother. Never mind that the half-brother's intent was to rape her sister. The entire thing had been a cover-up so that the Gates' family name would stay away from ruin, so that Rawlings could be free to live the life he'd always wanted. A life free of contracts, marriages, and obligations.

But hadn't he changed? He wasn't the same man? Was everything some giant scheme to get Abigail too?

"Forgive me, but, Abby, has he..." Emma looked away, tears rolling down her cheeks. She cleared her throat. "Has he ruined you, fully, in the way that-"

"Stop!" Abigail's voice sounded foreign, broken. "No, he would never-we would never." Could a heart stop beating? Was it possible to be so overjoyed in one minute and nearing death's door the next? Abigail tried to still her breath, but she found the harder she tried, the harder it was to breathe. Bending over, she grasped the back of the chair. As the last part of her breath hitched in her chest, black boots came into view. Was she falling? And then she was lifted, as if floating on a cloud. Was she dying? Was this how her short life would end? Without ever knowing a man, but knowing the pain of loving something so much it killed a person? Had she not learned her lesson?

Warm hands cupped her face. A voice man's voice echoed in the distance. And then as her eyes closed she saw Rawlings' face. She wanted to hate him, to spit at him, but she could do nothing but cry. Warm salty tears plastered her cheeks and blurred her vision when she tried to open her eyes again until she thought she would wish for death. The man she loved, the only man she had loved-was gone. And he had her bleeding heart with him. Why did she hear voices? Why couldn't she open her eyes? And then a sharp pain struck her head. Everything went black.

In her dreams he kissed her, made love to her, as much as she could imagine considering she was still a virgin, and then he would kiss her face and laugh. She was always too slow to catch up to him, her legs weren't fast enough. And then she was back home again, he was helping her onto his horse. But the next minute he was mocking her while he kissed and grabbed at another woman.

"No!" Abigail's screams were real, they were coming out of her mouth, but she could only see darkness. And then a hand braced her.

Abigail shot up from her bed in a panic and looked around the room. Darkness had descended into her bedroom. Her eyes adjusted to the black slowly. The fire crackled across the room. Lifting a shaky hand to her head she realized it was bandaged.

"What?" Abigail felt around the bandages. Heavens, why was her head bandaged? The last thing she remembered before the nightmare was fainting. Had she hit something?

"Oh goodness, you're awake!" Emma rushed into the room. "I've been so worried. You've been sleeping all day, dearest."

"I don't understand?"

"You fainted. I wasn't fast enough to catch you. The table broke your fall. You hit your head so hard, there was blood everywhere. I didn't..." Emma began softly crying into her hands. "Sebastian arrived just in time. The doctor, of course, said you would recover, but oh I just- I cannot imagine anything happening to you."

Abigail nodded. "And Rawlings?"

Emma froze. Abigail watched her sister's breath hitch. "Still missing it seems. Though Sebastian said one of the servants mentioned he had arrived at the house to pack a few things before taking off. He was in a true rush, Abigail. I'm sorry. It also appears that the rumors are getting worse. We've had our fair share of afternoon callers in hopes to gain information about your betrothal. Father isn't aware of the situation just yet, and I don't know what to say. I cannot keep turning people away. It makes everything look worse. And poor Sebastian wants to murder him."

As the words penetrated into her heart, she realized she had awoken to a real nightmare. Rawlings, the man who held her heart in the palm of his hand, had abandoned her. He really was the devil everyone said. And at one and eight, she was ruined for any other man. How could a girl love anyone without the one thing needed in order to engage in such an emotion? One's heart.

Chapter Eighteen

Was that Whitmore this author spied leaving the Rawlings' estate yesterday afternoon? Curious that such a man would visit Rawlings' house without his presence. For this author has it on good authority that the now wealthy Lord Rawlings was busy with his solicitor most of the afternoon. Fishy indeed, and did it also appear that one of the servants was handing an envelope to our rakish marquess? Mark my words, dear readers. Trouble is afoot.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society papers

Phillip hated to be so hasty, and only hoped that the letter he had left for Abigail would explain enough. He'd been away from all the estates for years. Once he left the solicitor's office, he was overwhelmed with the responsibility. How had all of those tenants survived so long without him? Had his mother even visited? Or taken care of them during the hard winters?

Feeling cruel and bitter, he stopped at his townhome to pen a quick note to be delivered to the Tempest residence as soon as possible.

He then grabbed what things he would need for the next four days and took off like a shot from a pistol. People depended on him, and for once in his life he felt a purpose welling up within him. Suddenly proud, he couldn't help but smile the entire way to his first estate in Essex. The rain poured and this time, with a laugh, Phillip lifted his eyes heavenward and enjoyed the cool wet drops as they poured purposefully down his face. With each raindrop he felt his new life emerging, as if he was nothing but a shadow of himself before.

He had love and his father had never intended for him to live the way he had. His bitterness had done nothing but keep him from his destiny, from his happiness. The cool water splashed and spilled over his chin, cleansing him.

It seemed, in that moment, that the devil of a man was forever gone, and in his place was a man truly redeemed.

Abigail.

The name hung in the air. He needed to see her, to speak to her. But she would understand. She'd always believed in him. Hadn't she loved him when he was at his worst?

She might be a trifle upset that he didn't hand deliver the letter, but in all honesty he knew if he was to bring it she would stop at nothing until he allowed her to accompany him, and he couldn't have her with him while he traveled in the wet, murky countryside.

Four days later, and utterly exhausted, Phillip hardly had any energy left, but he had to see her. For three nights she had haunted his dreams, and for three nights he had awoken with unfulfilled need. His body burning with unquenched desire from the siren.

It was more than torture to have to wait the hour before he was back in the city. Even though he looked worse for the wear, he jumped from the curricle and pounded on the Tempest townhome, ready to scale the walls if they didn't make haste and open the blasted door.

The butler answered, and for once did not look behind Phillip to make sure nobody was the wiser to his presence, but took it upon himself to slam the door in Phillip's face.

Had the world gone mad?

He knocked again and shouted, "What in the blazes is wrong with you? Do you know who I am? Let me in!"

The door opened so fast it nearly knocked him down the three steps behind him.

"You must have some nerve!" Sebastian fumed.

"Nerve? To knock on your door? Funny, I would call it common sense, unless you'd rather I scale the wall or crawl in through the window. Whatever is wrong with you, Seb? You look awful."

"I'm going to give you two minutes to take your lying presence off my property before I get my pistol."

Sebastian's face was tired and worn. His eyes looked sullen, and dark purple bruises seemed to mar the skin underneath his eyes. The duke looked like death, leaving Phillip to assume the worst. Something had happened to Emma.

"Where is she? What happened?" Trying to offer support, he braced Sebastian, but was pushed away with a curse.

"She is fine, no thanks to you. What did you think would happen, Phillip? You disappeared for days after the announcement was made. Everyone knows you only used Abigail to get back at Emma and me. The devil only knows why you would feel the need to stoop so low. And to bring poor Abigail into this. She loves you, stupid sod that you are, and you run away."

Phillip's gut twisted. Feeling sicker by the minute, he could only stand and stare. "Believe me when I tell you, I have no idea what you are talking about. I love Abigail. I want to marry her. Four days ago I received permission to do so. And it's going to take a whole lot more than your sorry presence and false accusations to get me to cry off."

Sebastian squinted. "You love her?"

"Yes, I love her! You fool! Why else would I travel for days, making sure the estates weren't in such a sorry shamble? What would take a normal man weeks took me days. I had to get back to see her. To marry her. Didn't you receive my letter?"

"I believe we should continue this conversation inside."

Phillip pushed past him. "Agreed." Turning around, he noted that Sebastian truly had a pistol in his hand. "Devil take it man! Were you going to shoot me?"

The fact that Sebastian paused before answering, "No," made Phillip want to curse.

"How would that have solved anything?"

"Oh, it would have solved everything, for I wouldn't have to feel like a blasted cad every time I looked into Abigail's face. I wouldn't have to hear her sobbing through the night, or the dark nightmares that seem to plague her during her waking hours. Believe me, it would have solved everything."

Phillip cursed. "Please tell me Abigail doesn't believe I abandoned her?"

Sebastian winced.

"I think it's best you tell me what you've heard about my absence." Phillip was itching to push past Sebastian and run up the stairs in search of Abigail. Torn between telling the love of his life that he wanted her more than oxygen and hearing why Sebastian wanted to shoot him was pure torture.

"Abigail isn't awake, Phillip. It seems that she hasn't been sleeping, so she's taking an afternoon nap. She also managed to faint and hit her head quite hard on the table. With a gash the size of my finger across the back of her head it's a shock her recovery hasn't taken longer."

Phillip darted toward the door.

"Wait," Sebastian said. "Sit. Let us discuss things first. It appears someone has been spreading rumors about your whereabouts."

Phillip wanted nothing more than to tell Sebastian to go to the devil while he ran up the stairs to make sure the precious girl was truly unharmed, but instead he sat. For Sebastian did not appear to take well to his presence, which could mean only one thing.

"My stepmother has been busy, has she not?" Phillip said more than asked.

"More than busy, I would say. Is there truth to anything?"

Phillip cursed. "I don't believe my stepmother knows the definition of the word truth, so caught up in lies and gossip she is. Why don't you tell me the worst of it? Hmm?"

"Your stepmother has been making an insane amount of house calls over the past four days. Spreading the rumor that you only needed to become betrothed to release your inheritance. She then said you've left the city with all the money. Abandoned her and your betrothed in the process."

"Are people stupid? Senile? Or just eager for any black mark against me to be true? That doesn't make sense, Seb. Why would I waste all this time? Why would I drag it out and then finally choose Abigail?"

"Revenge."

Phillip tensed. "I see by your statement it is safe to assume that everyone knows of the reasons behind your wife and my broken engagement all those years back. And John."

Sebastian nodded.

Phillip closed his eyes. "Is Emma well?"

"She is."

"And you?"

His eyes were still closed but Phillip could swear he heard Sebastian thinking. "Better now that I know the truth. Forgive me for not trusting you."

With a sarcastic laugh, Phillip opened his eyes. "Yes, because I've given you so many reasons to trust me, old friend." He leaned back against the chair and took in the situation at hand. "What bothers me is how my mother managed to keep the note from getting into your hands. My servants are loyal. They won't even let her get near the door. Whitmore on the other hand..." The spontaneous remark stopped Phillip cold. Could it be? But at what purpose?

"What would he have to gain, Phillip?"

"I've no idea, but my servants are quite familiar with him. And he isn't above paying someone off. I need to return to my house, see if I can't find out what happened."

"But first?" Sebastian nodded to the door.

"Right, first I have a fiancee to kiss."

"Good man." Sebastian chuckled as Phillip ran out of the room.

Chapter Nineteen

Has society really gone that daft? To allow a matron of our society to spread such vicious lies and rumors is beyond my comprehension. It is evident that wisdom lies in those who listen more than speak.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

A shrill scream escaped Abigail's lips as she jolted awake. It had been this way since she heard the news of Rawlings' abandonment. Sleep would overtake her, and she would awake thinking he was sitting next to her, only to find Emma with a worried smile, or worse an empty dark room.

A hand reached out and touched her. She screamed again, thinking she had finally gone crazy, for she was absolutely certain when she had looked before falling asleep that there was nobody in the chair across from her.

And then the weight of the bed seemed to shift. She looked to her right. Rawlings, alive and in person and as devilishly handsome as ever, was sitting next to her. A sad smile on his lips.

"Abby, calm down, you're safe, please calm down." Rawlings warm breath fanned across her face. "You need rest, love."

"Leave me, just leave me." Abigail's voice was raspy.

"I will not."

"Now!"

"I cannot."

"Rawlings..." Her voice was a mere whimper.

"No."

Abigail was too tired to fight. Lying back down, she waited for her eyes to adjust to the room. It was then that she realized she had been squeezing them shut the entire time. Abigail managed to open one and then both eyes. Rawlings was sitting on her bed, worry etched on his handsome face. What was he doing here? Hadn't he left town? Taking all the money with him?

"Love, at least open your eyes again so I can look at you, I mean truly gaze into their splendor."

Abigail laughed bitterly. "Now I know I am dreaming. Phillip Rawlings does not waste time with pretty words when he could be seducing the wits out of a woman."

"Doesn't he?" Rawlings asked. "Hmm, it seems in this case my reputation has again tainted me. For I am first a man of passionate words, and second a man of seduction."

Abigail felt herself falter as her heart began to melt at his words. It was against her own will because she knew the walls around her heart needed to be erect, not that she felt it beating anyway. While she imagined it was, several times in her dreams she had begged it to stop. Then at least the hurt would leave her as Rawlings had.

The warm familiarity of his body made her recoil and she attempted to jerk away from the comfort it brought.

"Come here," he encouraged.

She curled tighter away from him.

Phillip rose from the bed with a curse and stalked over to the door. With a click, he locked them in and returned to the bed, pulling her tightly into her arms.

"Words fail me, Abby. I never thought a heart could break as mine is now, feeling you shy away from me, knowing you despise me. When I am undone, completely and forever yours."

Abigail turned into his embrace. "Why are you here? Did you need to come back to examine the damage of your sins?"

"No. It seems I forgot something important." His smile was confident as he reached out and caressed her cheek. "It also appears the letter I left for you was never delivered, meaning I must tell you in person how I feel about you, the plans I have for us, and my desire to wed you as soon as possible."

Abigail darted up, nearly knocking her head against his. "What? I don't understand. You left, your stepmother-"

"Is a beast and a liar, has been lying to me for the past five years."

Abigail shuddered. "Rawlings, do you know what she's been saying?"

He placed his hands on Abigail's shoulders, pushing her down into the mattress once again. "I do. Sebastian has been gracious enough to fill me in. That is, after he threatened to shoot me. I even saw the pistol in his hand. Terribly frightening, might I add, considering I've always been worried about him killing me one of these days."

The corners of his mouth melted into a lazy smile as he leaned toward her hair and breathed in its scent. "I've missed you, love."

Abigail couldn't respond. Her body seemed unable to move as he gingerly played with her hair and rained kisses of devotion down her throat.

"I will deal with my mother. Just know that before she went and ruined everything, I had every intention of coming here straightaway, but was given a note from my father. A note, might I add, that my stepmother hadn't informed me of. It just so happens I've never needed to marry in order to gain my inheritance, nor have I been a pauper all this time as I suspected. My stepmother, however, has been taking funds without my knowledge this entire time, and has allowed all the estates to nearly hit ruin."

Holding her lip captive between her teeth, Abigail nodded. "So you were visiting your estates to make sure they were not in shambles, and you sent a note?"

"Explaining everything." He laughed and brought her hand, the same hand he had been teasing days before, to his lips. "Shall I tell you what it said?"

"Yes, please." Abigail's voice shook as he moved from the bed to the floor and went down on one knee.

"My dearest love, forever mine. Although the recent discovery proves I need not marry, I find my heart is not in agreement with the words written on paper. For my soul, my heart, every breath in my possession already belongs to you. How could I deny myself the joy of having you as my wife merely because I no longer have to? Love, Abigail Gates. I do not love you because I choose to. I love you because I cannot help it. It seems my heart made the choice for me long ago. And I am forever yours. So I kneel before you, not as an earl or a man of wealth, but just a man. A ruined, debauched, sinful man, who has finally found forgiveness, joy, and hope in the one woman who saw the man and not the facade. I kneel. I humble myself before the woman who saw the redemption that was possible." He took her hands. "Will you do the honor of becoming my wife?"

Abigail was without words, shocked into silence, until she finally was able to say, "That was some letter." Tears streamed down her cheeks. "It said all of that?"

Rawlings smirked. "I may have exaggerated some parts. What can I say, I'm moved by love."

Abigail, with all the strength she had, pulled Rawlings up from the floor and onto the bed. His body reacted immediately to her invitation. Dark, desire filled eyes pierced her own, as he kissed her hungrily.

"I miss the way we breathe together," Rawlings said roughly against her mouth. "The feel of your lips between my teeth." He groaned. "The smell of your neck-I could devour you. Abigail, I missed everything about you."

He brushed the hair away from her face. "Rawlings?"

"Hmm?"

"Never do that to me again."

Opening her mouth to his, he kissed her again before answering, "Never."

All at once, he turned on his side and pulled her onto his body, stripping the blankets from her. "I need to see you, to feel you...do you understand?"

He started a slow, torturous exploration up her arms until he reached the short sleeves of her afternoon dress. With a tear, he pulled them from her shoulders, revealing part of her chemise. Hands moved up her neck slowly, burning their way down until he reached the expanse of her bosom. It was pure agony as he skipped the part she most wanted touched and moved down to her waist.

"Are you merely trying to tease me, my lord?"

"No, merely restraining myself before I take your virginity under Sebastian's roof. I'm aware he still has his pistol with him. All we need is for your screams and moans to make him come charging up here."

"Ladies do not scream or moan," Abigail said as his hands moved down her h*ps to her legs and then gently pulled up her skirts.

"Oh they don't?"

"Absolutely not," Abigail said, though her voice sounded shaky.

"Hmm." He let his hands creep further and further up until she started panicking. What was he doing? He couldn't be...

And then she screamed. Rawlings laughed as he put his hand firmly over her mouth. "I thought ladies didn't scream." She glared at him. "Hmm, it seems we'll have to explore this further when we marry before the end of the week."

"As in?"

"Three days, the day of the De Creaux ball, if that is agreeable?"

Abigail laughed just as a knock came on the door. "Rawlings! I heard her screaming! If you touch her before you are to be married, I will make use of this pistol!"

"Told you." Rawlings winked, and then helped himself off the bed, but not before he turned, grabbed Abigail by the waist, and crushed her against his hard, muscled body. "Until we marry?"

She was about to respond when his hands hovered near her br**sts, and with a laugh, he kissed her cheek and walked to the door.

Still stunned and looking like she had been engaging in illicit activities, Abigail squealed and jumped under the covers. To have Sebastian barge in on her sleeping was one thing, but for him to see her in her current state was beyond mortifying.

Rawlings, ever the gentlemen, only opened the door wide enough to escape before he closed it again and argued with Sebastian out in the hall.

She heard no gunshots. Assuming he was fine, she allowed herself to relax and began planning for the wedding.

****

"It boggles the mind that you were able to keep your hands off Emma as long as you did," Phillip muttered once Sebastian had calmed down enough to speak like a normal human being.

"Yes, well." Sebastian smirked as if to hide some sort of secret. "It wasn't without want for trying, I will tell you that much."

"You sly fox!"

"Yes, I've been called that before too."

Phillip took another sip of ale and looked around the room full of gentleman. Both men had decided to retire to Whites for a few drinks after they obtained the special license needed. It had been a long day. After Phillip had visited Abigail, he and Sebastian had returned to Phillip's home only to find out the one servant in his employ whom he didn't trust, had fled the house.

And with him the only true information as to why Whitmore had decided to steal the note. Which is exactly what had happened. He had given a generous sum to the remaining footman in hope of ruining Phillip further.

They just weren't aware why Whitmore would go to such extremes. He was after all, titled and wealthy beyond reason.

Which was why they were sitting and drinking. Well, the actual reason was twofold. One, they were exhausted and the women were most likely twittering about, trying to make arrangements for the wedding. And two, they were waiting for Whitmore to make an appearance. In fact they hoped for it, as they had no other lead.

"Have you decided where you will live?" Sebastian asked an hour later as they finished their third pint of ale.

Phillip grinned. "Why yes, I thought living down the street from you sounded pleasant enough. I also had half a mind to go to the estate in Essex. It is after all very familiar to Abby."

"Perhaps we shall visit you." Sebastian grinned. "As you know Emma is increasing and will be nearing her confinement soon."

"Why does it feel as if you are asking to visit so nerves don't overtake you, old man?"

Sebastian cursed. "Just don't tell Emma-or Nicholas, for that matter. He's been through how many births with his wife? And he still gets foxed every time. He would love nothing more than to bring another one of us down with him."

"Be that as it may, I find myself in a predicament. Throw you to the wolves, otherwise known as Lord Renwick and her grace, or keep my silence. I say, what will you do for me?"

"Shoot Whitmore?"

"You, dear sir, have a deal." Phillip reached over and took Sebastian's hand in a firm shake just as the doors to Whites opened, revealing a very panic-stricken and foxed Whitmore.

Phillip made a move, but Sebastian held him back. "Wait, Phillip. Let us see what business he has here first."

They sat in relative silence. Watching as the Marquess made his way from table to table talking loudly of his latest mistress.

Phillip was momentarily ill as he wondered if he was ever as bad as Whitmore or worse. The clenching in his stomach confirmed his suspicions. Thank God for Abigail.

The jolly atmosphere in the room shifted the moment Whitmore set his eyes on Sebastian and Phillip.

"Do join us, Whitmore." Phillip kicked the chair toward the marquess and glared. Had he not been in a similar predicament many months back when Sebastian and Nicholas came to call concerning Emma? It seemed years ago, for he didn't even recognize that man anymore. The type of man who was now looking back at him through Whitmore's eyes resembled a weak man full of fear, anger, and bitterness.

"I know why you wish to speak with me, so let us get on with it, shall we?" Whitmore spat.

Phillip smirked. "Ah, intelligence becomes you, Whitmore."

Sebastian laughed and nodded toward the door where a few of his waiting footman took their stance. One thing was for certain, Whitmore wasn't going to be escaping anytime soon.

"I take it you're here about some piece of correspondence that somehow went missing after your departure, Rawlings?"

"Yes," he said.

"I haven't got it."

Phillip cursed. "Which tells me you didn't even read it. If you had, you would know I don't have any sort of use for the note other than explaining my feelings to the woman I love. That being said, what I don't understand is why you felt the need to pay off one of my servants in order to obtain it when you yourself admit to not reading it or needing it for personal gain."

"You cast yourself as some sort of admirable man, Rawlings. I do wonder what the future Lady Rawlings would say about all those nasty rumors running rampant throughout the ton about your indiscretions."

"Ah, blackmail. Lovely," Sebastian interjected. "Whitmore, what do you have to gain?"

Whitmore was silent a moment. Beneath his calm facade, Rawlings saw something he hadn't expected. Despair.

"You speak harshly of me, Tempest, and, Rawlings, I hardly know whether you should be one to pass judgment, but if you must know-I'm in love."

Phillips jaw dropped in astonishment. "You do mean with yourself? Correct me if I'm wrong, but Lady Rosalind hasn't exactly been-"

"Not with Lady Rosalind, you fool!"

"Your mistress then?"

Whitmore clenched his teeth as he spoke. "Do not speak of her in that way."

The night was quickly turning into something frightening. The day that Whitmore fell in love was surely a day Phillip never saw coming.

"So," Sebastian began, "are we safe to assume that this little bribery was done in the name of love?"

"You are correct." Whitmore threw back the contents of his ale and motioned for another.

Phillip smirked. "Impossible. Why would any one of the women you frequent wish to keep me from marrying? Or worse, wish to ruin my reputation for good? There isn't a soul that hates me as much as that, not even-"

Whitmore went pale.

"You rogue!" Phillip grabbed Whitmore by his coat and threw his head into the table. Blood poured from his nose as Phillip, with another string of curses, kicked Whitmore in the stomach before Sebastian pulled him away.

"What has come over you?"

"My stepmother!" Phillip pointed. "That-that vile cur has been sleeping with my stepmother!"

Sebastian looked down at the bloody mess that was Whitmore. "Oh, pray continue."

"My thanks." Phillip lunged for the man, but not before he was pulled off him again, but this time by a near giant.

"That will be enough," the bronze man said.

Phillip couldn't see his face, it was covered with so much hair and was so tanned he wasn't sure if the man was alive or a figment of his overactive imagination.

"He will receive his due in time, Lord Rawlings. For now, why don't you and the duke see to wedding arrangements? I hear felicitations are in order. Off with you now!" The man's accent was odd, not completely English. Phillip took another look at Whitmore then at the man standing in front of him and nodded.

He and Sebastian left to the sound of whisperings and laughing behind them. Just one more scandal to tack to the Rawlings' name. At least Abigail knew what she was getting into before she said yes.

Chapter Twenty

The gossip surrounding Lord Rawlings has done him a gross injustice, and it seems I have been at the peak of it. For that I apologize and happily move on to my next target. With venom in my quill, I announce that the Marquess of Whitmore is a despicable human being. To cheat on ones fiancee in front of the ton is one thing, but to do so with a friend's mother? Well, let it be said, the lowest circles of hell are held for those who betray their friends. The marquess should find a warm welcome when he visits the fiery inferno, which I hear will be quite soon if Lord Rawlings has anything to say about it.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

The carriage ride was silent, as they returned to the Tempest home.

"My stepmother?" Phillip broke the silence.

Sebastian laughed. "Yes well, can't say I saw that one coming." He sobered for a minute. "Phillip, what do you intend to do with your stepmother? You haven't yet confronted her."

"Oh, that." Phillip adjusted his jacket, inspecting it for some of Whitmore's blood. "I am a firm believer in allowing others to suffer."

"How very out of character," Sebastian said dryly.

"Yes well, it appears my stepmother will stop at nothing. Therefore, I will wait until I am married before I make a visit to her home and inform her of my decision to cast her away from the remaining estates. I do think it is time for her to retire, don't you?"

Sebastian nodded emphatically. "Yes, I hear the weather is lovely in America this time of year."

"Yes and wouldn't it be dreadful if she were to happen across some of their Indian natives?"

"Rumor has it they scalp white people."

"Ah, for shame." Phillip laughed. "Although tempting, I won't cast her out to America, I'm not that much of a brute. However, she will be forced to leave town immediately, but not until after everyone sees that she is not invited to the wedding."

"Will she care?"

The carriage came to a stop. "Oh, she will be devastated, for the only one whom isn't invited will be her."

"Tragic."

"Absolutely."

The men approached the house and gave each other a brief slap on the back as a way to brace themselves for the upcoming few days. Where women would be scattering about making wedding plans. One thing was for sure. A faster and more elaborate wedding, the ton never had seen before.

****

Abigail waited in her rooms for Emma to arrive. It felt foreign to be wearing such a beautiful dress. It was in the empire style and boasted of six layers of almost sheer lace before overlaying pure silk that danced around her legs. The front of the dress held a few small sewn in crystals. All compliments of Rawlings, or Phillip as he now asked she call him. Feeling as if she were the star of her own fairy tale, she let out a girlish sigh.

The engagement ring on her finger was heavy enough to make her arm ache. At least she liked to jest that her arm ached from the heavy ruby, when really she would wear ten of them regardless of the weight if it showed that she belonged to the man she loved. The fire and possession in Phillip's eyes when he looked down at her spoke of so much more than rings and expensive jewels.

"Forever, mine," he had said, brushing a kiss across her lips.

Absentmindedly she touched her lips. Her gloved hands shook with excitement. Today, she would be married to the man she had fallen for so long ago.

"Abby, the ceremony is about to commence. Have you everything you need?" Emma's voice interrupted Abigail's silent yearning for Phillip's kisses.

"Give me a moment." Taking one final look in the mirror, Abigail eased into her new slippers and went to the door.

Once Abigail reached the opening to the church, she exhaled the breath she had been holding and boldly looked down the aisle to where Phillip waited.

It appeared that Phillip had kept his promise and left the invitation open to all who wanted to attend. Which was basically anyone with a title. The church was sweltering and packed to the gills with well wishers from the peerage, each of them wearing smiles as if they believed in Rawlings all along and were in support of the marriage between the two from the start, when in fact the opposite was true. If it wasn't for the Dowager of Barlowe, and Mrs. Peabody retracting her earlier statements, Abigail imagined the church would be empty. Then again, the ton was attracted to scandal like a bee to honey.

Shaking her head, Abigail continued her walk down the aisle. Phillip was looking at his boots. She stifled a laugh, for wasn't it just a few weeks prior that she found him doing the exact same thing?

But this time when he looked up, it wasn't hopelessness she saw on his handsome face but gratitude, love, passion. Could a girl swoon on her wedding day and be forgiven?

The minute he reached out to touch her, she wanted to crawl into his arms and never leave. He lifted her chin and mouthed, "I love you," before the service commenced.

****

Phillip had no recollection of saying anything, though he was sure he did. God above, she was breathtaking. The woman he was now escorting from the church was so precious it hurt to think about it.

Her dress alone nearly brought him to his knees. He had half a mind to continue lifting the layers of lace just to see what presents would be beneath. It was torture watching as she sashayed down the aisle, silk clinging to her delicate curves.

Mouth dry, he knew only that he was repeating whatever he was supposed to, and he had an irritating lump in his throat that refused to go away.

"Up you go." He helped her into the carriage for the short drive to the wedding breakfast. What he wouldn't give to have snubbed his nose at the rules and had a wedding that took place at night. An evening wedding would have had its advantages, he could happily strip his bride of her delectable dress and possess her as he'd been dreaming of the past few days, instead of face more of the ton and politely nod his head when the last thing he wanted to do involved speaking. Though he was loathe to break tradition and Sebastian had warned him of pushing the limits too far, especially since he invited every aristocrat in residence.

And while Sebastian had sworn that a man could not die from unquenched desire, Phillip was having momentary doubts as Abby turned and laughed, revealing the most perfect smile he had ever seen.

He cursed. Unfortunately, it was out loud.

"Phillip?" Abigail, the spellbinding witch, leaned closer and cupped his head between her hands. "Are you unwell?"

"I believe you are finding your new husband in a fit of frustration."

"How can I be of service?"

Phillip shuddered, thinking he should be hit for the mental images of her beneath him writhing in pleasure, he laughed. "Well, I guess that all depends on you."

"How so?"

He gave a wolfish smile and he lifted her onto his lap. She straddled him, making his pain almost unbearable. They had minutes before they arrived in front of the townhome.

The carriage bumped around, and Phillip swore again as he brought his lips firmly against Abigail's. She needed no encouragement, the second her warm lips met his, she began pulling at his jacket. Saints alive, the girl was strong.

"Abby," he mumbled between kisses as the innocent continued to attack the shocked rake with a vengeance. Apparently this was how it was to be, besides hadn't she been the one to kiss first? "Abby, if you don't stop moving atop me and pulling at my clothes, we, my dear, will never make it to the wedding breakfast. For I will carry you straightaway to my home and lock you in our rooms until I've pleasured you again, again, and again until your scream is hoarse and sleep claims you with my name on your lips."

The beautiful minx, blonde hair falling delicately around her face, stopped. "How important is the wedding breakfast?"

Her fingers moved toward his breeches.

Phillip bit back an oath as he fed on her lips like a starved man. "Abby, I mean it."

She continued to tug until his shirt was free and his breeches were minutes from being loose.

He relented, chuckling and wanting to curse at the same time, "Two drinks of champagne and no food. It takes too blasted long to eat and socialize at the same time. We'll make our appearance and then we're leaving."

Abby nodded.

He grabbed her face between his hands "And, if Lady Fenton or any other lady corners you wanting to have that boorish talk about the wedding night, you run. Understand?"

"Perfectly!" She kissed him again as the carriage came to a stop.

Phillip closed his eyes against the onslaught of arousal and frustration. The idea that he had to smile as though everything was perfect in the world when really his most intense desire was to lay claim to his wife...repeatedly, seemed too much for him to handle.

Phillip adjusted his jacket to cover up the more visible signs of his distress, he took a sobering breath of fresh air and followed his wife up the stairs into the home.

Was it stifling in that house? All at once people began cheering and talking. He motioned for a glass of champagne and downed it before Sebastian approached him, smug grin in place.

"Welcome to Hades, my friend."

Phillip swore. "Yes, though all appearances display a jolly and happy husband, I am in fact contemplating which wall I shall bash my head into while I wait for tonight."

Sebastian slapped him on the back. "Just shake hands and smile. You'll be able to escape with Abigail soon enough." He paused and downed the rest of his whiskey. "The very thought of you alone with Abigail is enough to pressure me to get foxed this afternoon. Do be careful, Phillip. She's an innocent."

"Devil take it! Are you having the wedding night talk with me? Truly, Sebastian? Don't think I've ever been this uncomfortable in my life." Phillip's gaze darted around the room, looking for escape. He'd warned Abby of this type of discussion not once thinking he could be cornered for the same thing.

"You know, just take it slow, Phillip."

Phillip cursed and motioned for another drink.

"And if she, you know...if she is uncomfortable or frightened-"

"Do you know her at all? Frightened?" Phillip snorted. Right. Abigail being afraid was completely laughable. "Impossible! The minx tried to take advantage of me in the carriage, Sebastian, and I had half a mind to oblige her."

The duke cursed as he began coughing and choking on his drink. Phillip slapped him on the back a few times before Sebastian was able to find his voice. "Good talk, Phillip. I'll just be, uh...over there, looking at, um, food." He left, quite red in the face.

Phillip cursed again as Lady Fenton made a motion to gain his attention. If the woman began discuss anything to do with the impending night, he could not and would not be held responsible for his actions. At this point he would be more than happy to have Abby right on the table scattered with food.

And for the love of all that is holy why weren't people sitting down and eating already? His gaze scanned the room, looking for an escape route, when it landed on the red strawberries. Which, unfortunately, reminded his aching body of Abigail's lips, and that is how he came to focus solely on a single strawberry for longer than two minutes, all the while looking extremely pleased with himself.

Someone tapped him on the shoulder with a fan.

"Ah, Lady Fenton!" His voice gave way to his excitement for it was husky. Perfect. Just what he needed, for Lady Fenton to think she made him blasted aroused.

"I do love strawberries." She picked one up and dangled it in front of her mouth.

Deliver me, God. I cannot handle this.

"And the way they taste so sweet on one's lips. Do you know the strangest thing? I've heard that Abigail is positively enraptured by strawberries."

Phillip lifted his hand to his lips and cleared his throat. "Is she now?"

"Oh yes." She tapped him again.

God, if you exist, cease this woman from hitting me with her fan.

"How is the girl faring? I hope she isn't too uncomfortable with the rest of the proceedings."

Why was it that proceedings suddenly gave Phillip the impression that she was talking about something entirely inappropriate?

"Yes, well." He struggled for words. "I'm sure things will go swimmingly."

Lady Fenton's eyes bulged. "Oh, yes, um." Her fan picked up speed as her cheeks became flushed with color. "That is to say, um. Good for you. Pardon me."

It was after her hasty exit that he realized her idea of proceedings happened to be what he imagined. Her idea of the wedding night. Was everyone concerned that he would maul the girl? Just what did they take him as? A monster in the bedroom? Out to force himself on his wife? His gaze rested on the strawberries again.

"Blast." He wiped the sweat from his brow. Anymore champagne and he would get foxed, which surely wouldn't do. But the temptation to bathe Abigail in strawberries was too strong. Stepping away from the food before he made an absolute fool of himself, he ran into Sebastian, who then side stepped him and began talking of flowers.

Just as Phillip was ready to snap, the meal was to commence, and he escorted Abigail to her seat. Cheeks flushed, looking lovelier than ever, it took every ounce of self -restraint he possessed, which wasn't much, to sit idly next to her without covering her body with his own.

"Are you enjoying yourself?" he whispered as the guests began eating and chatting.

"If one more person approaches me about the wedding night..." Abigail began through clenched teeth.

"I believe our guests are worried I will break you."

Abigail's gaze rested on his lips. Licking her own, she leaned forward. "Funny, for I was afraid I would tire you, my lord. After all, you have on several occasions reminded me of your age. I worry you aren't quite...agile enough for the likes of me."

Phillip cursed and closed his eyes, willing the images of Abigail's taunts to leave his sexually frustrated brain.

"Cough," he said.

"Pardon?"

"Do it, start choking."

Abigail, ever the actress, did more than that. She began wailing and choking and gasping for air. Truly, the girl was a professional. He should have known. He made his apologies as he frantically pulled her into the adjoining room, slamming the door behind him.

Abigail's eyebrows furrowed together. "Well great, now we are trapped in this room and they think I'm dying."

"No," he said. "They'll think I've come to your aid, and now we will make our apologies and leave, for you aren't feeling up to the task after your near death experience."

Abigail laughed. "Nobody will believe us."

"You. They just have to believe you. Now appear ill."

Abigail stared at him as if he'd lost his mind then burst out laughing. "Are you certain?"

Phillip pulled her roughly against him. "My dear, I have never been so certain about anything in my life." His lips captured hers as he groaned and pushed her against the locked door. Pulling back he said, "It's either here or we make excuses and leave. I find that I have no restraint when it comes to you."

Abigail's cheeks reddened. "Allow me." She pulled a few pieces of hair from her face, and pinched her cheeks, giving her a flushed appearance. Though she most likely thought she was helping, it took every ounce of willpower to allow her to leave the room ahead of him as they made apologies to Sebastian and ran out the door.

Sebastian, with a sheepish smile and flushed face looked too embarrassed to say no, waved as they left and said he would explain to the guests.

It was scandalous, but hadn't their entire courtship been as such?

Chapter Twenty-one

Announcing the wedding of Phillip Crawford, Eighth Earl of Rawlings, to Miss Abigail Gates, daughter of Viscount Gates. The ceremony was rumored to be quite the thing. It started at one o'clock in the afternoon, making their wedding breakfast more of a midday meal. Quite late in the afternoon for such a marriage, if you ask me. Nonetheless this author can only assume that the infamous Lord Rawlings could not wait a second longer to marry his love. The wedding breakfast was lovely, save for the fact that the bride nearly choked to death on some sort of object, though the first course had just been served. And this author finds it odd that a lady could choke on soup. All polite members of society were invited, save Lady Rawlings and the Marquess of Whitmore. Funny thing, that. I find myself chuckling over this sudden turn of events.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers, Special Edition.

Phillip threw open the door to his home. Winifred stared at him as if he'd just taken leave of his senses. Which, in hindsight, was more than true. He grunted at his butler and pulled Abigail behind him. The girl was giggling, and he, ever the frustrated one, could not help the smile on his lips as they finally made it to his chambers and slammed the door behind them.

"Finally," he ground out.

Abigail pulled off her shawl and dropped it to the floor. And it was in that moment that Phillip Crawford, Eighth Earl of Rawlings, all around rake and debaucher, became nervous.

He told himself to pull it together, that he had done this hundreds of times. Yet his mind wasn't able to accept the information, because his heart knew it was false. Hundreds of times? No. He was in love and he wanted more than anything for this to be perfect, flawless.

And it seemed that he was all thumbs.

Shaking, he went to the fireplace and stripped himself of his jacket. Wine, he just needed more wine. "Would you like a refreshment before we begin?" The second the words were out of his mouth he wanted to curse himself whilst simultaneously break the wine bottle of his head, rendering him unconscious therefore unable to embarrass himself further.

Laughing, Abigail approached the wine and poured two glasses, handing him one, and drinking hers in one gulp.

"Now that's done." She lifted her eyebrow.

Phillip began trembling Fool! Get ahold of yourself!

"You wouldn't be...nervous, would you?" Abigail asked.

Phillip muttered an oath and let out a pitying laugh. "Course not, no, not at all. No. Never." He needed to stop talking and begin acting lest she realize he was completely out of sorts and much more likely to stutter than seduce.

Abigail moved and stood behind him. Her hands rested on his shoulders. "You, my love, are tense. Pity that even now you lie to me with your mouth when your body tells me truth. Why don't you sit?"

He obliged, but only because he knew if he spoke it would come out making him look the fool.

"That feels good," he said, as her hands rubbed his shoulders and then slowly moved lower until his shirt was pulled out of his breeches. And then those same, delicate, wicked hands went to work on the buttons of his shirt until it was free.

****

This was not what Abigail expected. Not at all, yet, it made her love him all the more. She made quick work of the buttons on his shirt, feeling nervous but wanting nothing more than to see the glorious man sans clothes.

As she felt warm skin, she nearly swooned. The effect of the sunlight working its way through the drapes in the window made Phillip look like a god among men. Tight corded muscles stretched across his stomach. And not having ever seen a man without a shirt before, her knees immediately went weak.

Beautiful. He was beautiful.

She walked around to face him. As his shirt fell open, his eyes crinkled at the sides with his smile and he brought her fingers to his warm, wine infused lips. With a seductive grin she knelt in front of him, putting both palms flat against his chest. His breath hitched, eyes closed, he let out a moan as she slowly moved them downward. Just as she reached his breeches, he pulled at her wrists.

"Have I done something wrong?" she asked.

His eyes snapped open. He laughed, "No, quite the opposite. I do believe if you keep touching me in that way, this will be over before it begins."

What did he mean?

With a tug, he had her in his lap. His lips blazing hot trails down her neck, his hands moved to her chest massaging as he pulled at her dress.

"How fond are you of this dress, my dear?" he asked between kisses.

Almost too dizzy to respond, she merely said, "I hate it."

"Excellent." With a rip, Phillip tugged at her sleeves and continued to pull until the dress was torn completely off her body. He gently placed her on her feet. With a drugged sway, she stood in front of him, slightly embarrassed, for she was only in her silk chemise. She began to cover herself when he very slowly shook his head and whispered.

"Don't."

Breathing became difficult. As his gaze feasted on her body, starting at her toes and moving ever so slowly, painfully upwards, until he stopped at her face.

"Perfect," he breathed. "Perfect."

With panther-like grace, he moved from the chair and claimed her mouth. It was hot, oh so hot. Almost too much for her to bear as his hands began their torturous exploration of her body. It seemed he was everywhere at once. She would surely die if he didn't do something about the desire he was arousing within her. A fiery want washed over her-needing him to possess her, she let out a whimper as his tongue took the place of his hands.

"Now." Her voice came out husky. "Now, I need you now."

His laughter vibrated against her chest, driving her mad. "Not yet, no, you're not yet ready, love."

Phillip's hands came around her and suddenly she was on her back on the bed. He laid, not on top of her as she wanted and expected, but next to her, his leg between hers. With little pressure, he pushed his leg up until she was pinned between man and bed in a most delicious manner.

"Look at me, love. I want you to watch me as I watch you."

She opened eyes she didn't realize were closed. Too many foreign sensations were happening at once, as his hands bunched her chemise and slowly-painstakingly, lifted the silk. As the air met her stockings, she was yet again embarrassed that she was nearly nak*d, and he was still draped in most of his wedding attire.

As the silk made its final lift from her body, she shuddered. Phillip's eyes went black with desire. His chest rose and fell in cadence with her breathing, ragged, wanting and needing more air but unable to catch it.

His warm hands caressed her hips, she lifted them in response, not knowing what needed to happen but fully crying for more than he was giving at the moment. Within seconds her legs were bare, every article of clothing gone.

And he stared, like a man starved, a man in dire need of her. Smiling, as he wrapped his hands around her hair, loosening it around the pillow. His eyes glazed as if he was tearing up.

He backed away slightly and then lifted his body above hers. "Exactly how I picture it," he murmured. "Your glorious body against the silk of the bed. It's enough to drive a man insane, Abby." In one swift moment, his breeches were gone. Quite a feat, but apparently not for a rake.

His magnificent body, so different from hers, rested on top of her. Skin on skin, the feeling so natural, still so hot.

"I love you," he said, gathering her in his arms, his tongue plunging into her mouth as he pinned her against the bed.

And possessed her.

****

Not wanting to hurt or scare her, Phillip managed, with herculean effort, to go slow as promised. Loving and teaching, wanting to selflessly give more than take. But the minute Abby sighed and then moaned his name, his control and ability to think straight snapped.

In its place a passion and fervor unlike anything he'd ever known took hold. And if possible, a slightly egotistical feeling as she let out a reverent sigh, that he, the unredeemable Lord Rawlings, was completely undone by an innocent.

Sleep claimed them both, even though it was still quite early in the afternoon. He awoke to the fire crackling and his bed empty.

Panicking, he jolted awake, only to find Abby next to the fire, wrapped in his robe and drinking tea.

"How are you?" he asked tentatively, because quite honestly, and it shamed him to admit it, it wasn't at all normal for him to spend a night with a woman and have her there in the aftermath.

"Wonderful." She winked. "And you? How is my old man of a husband faring? I hope you aren't too tired to attend the ball tomorrow night. What with you being so much older than I."

He threw a pillow. She ducked, laughing.

"You'll never forgive me for those hateful words?"

Shrugging him off, she turned back to the fireplace. "I will forgive you many things if you continue to love me and never let go."

He walked to her, joining her on the floor. "That, my dear, is an easy promise for me to make. And I only said those things to push you away, though it seemed it had the opposite of effects. You couldn't seem to keep your hands off of me-"

"Beast!" Abigail gave an offending look before kissing him on the mouth. Oh how he wanted her to do it again. Tasting her, it seemed, would never satisfy him, he had to be next to her, to overwhelm her. She was his addiction, and he had no plans to ever quit.

Darkness began to envelop them as the sun went down, and Phillip was anything but tired. So he spent the night in his lover's arms completely happy to shed his earlier persona and watching in utter fascination and ecstasy as Abigail embraced him fully for the man he always wanted to be.

Chapter Twenty-two

Everyone within this author's social circle is set to be invited, even those of lesser families-to my great disapproval. However, it seems that a surprise is in store for us. For not only is Lord Renwick scheduled to make an appearance with his new bride, but his mother as well. Let us watch the entertainment as the woman in question makes a public display of stupidity, shall we? Tonight will be an unforgettable night. Remember good people, it was I who said this first, for don't I always know what's to happen before it does? Take my word on it, my friends, this author promises drama to be the main course.

-Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers

Phillip managed, just slightly, to calm his breathing as he escorted Abby through the doors of the large Mansion in Mayfair. The De Creaux, it seemed, were trying to out-do themselves. The decor must have cost dearly.

Candles were littered with reckless abandon everywhere. Large billowy pieces of white material hung like clouds from the ceiling. And by the looks of it, everyone was waiting for their arrival, for when their names were announced, the room went deadly quiet. That is, until the Dowager of Barlowe began clapping. As usual everyone followed in her wake and soon cheers were heard for the newlyweds.

Abby blushed and held so tight to Phillip's arm he thought a vice would be more pleasurable.

"Nervous?" he asked.

She shook her head. "Not so much nervous as I have this dreadful feeling that your mother is going to come storming through the doors and yell hateful things."

Phillip shrugged. "My stepmother is many things-vain, selfish, a liar-but surprisingly enough, insanity is not one of her attributes. Though I'm willing to believe she's dangerously close now. It's far too important for her to hold up appearances. Believe me, if she does attend, she will stay far away from us. By now, she should have received my missive ordering her immediate removal from London to our estate in Scotland."

"I can't imagine her taking that well," Abby muttered under her breath as they passed a few smiling couples.

"It was reported back that my stepmother has quite the ability with words. And was sent to bed soon after the missive. Naturally a doctor was called for. He prescribed Laudanum and a good vacation. Which is when her maid stepped in and suggested she leave the city for a while, not knowing that was exactly what had her so upset."

"Oh dear." Abby stifled a laugh as they made their way toward Sebastian and Emma.

"Yes." Phillip held her closer as he whispered in her ear, "The dowager was not pleased and tried to fire the girl."

Abigail gasped.

"Have no worries, I've hired her. We need more staff at our home. It was not an issue. So you see, my dear," he continued as they came upon their destination, "she is either home sleeping off that dreadful stuff or packing."

Abby let go of his arm and smiled. "I am glad we can enjoy the night together then."

Phillip, forgetting he was in public, leaned in to kiss his wife, but was interrupted by a kick to the shin.

He cursed. "What was that for?"

Sebastian shrugged. "Isn't proper in public."

Phillip rolled his eyes. "Says the man who only months ago nearly mauled his wife in front of the ton."

"Yes well, I was proving a point," Sebastian argued.

"As am I."

Sebastian scoffed, "We all know how much in love you two are, it's the only thing people are talking about. Well that and your stepmother's disgrace."

"I was just telling Abigail that I doubt she'll make an app-"

"You!" A shrill voice screamed above the noise.

The music stopped. Abigail's mouth dropped open. With a knowing smile on his lips, Phillip turned around and cursed.

"Hello, Mother."

"You, you, rake! Of all the horrid things you have done, this tops them all!" she screamed, both of her hands fisted at her sides, looking much like a three-year-old having a public fit set to get her own way. Her dress, though fashionable, was slightly wrinkled, and dark spots were visible beneath her eyes. All in all, he had never seen her look so haggard, and in public nonetheless.

Phillip managed not to laugh. "Yes, I do believe that has been established, though I would now like to put forth that I'm reformed, just so there isn't any confusion, you understand."

Sebastian choked on his laugh behind him. Several other greedy gazes took in the scene with utter delight.

"You have taken everything! Have you no love for your only living relation?" She snickered coldly. "Oh well, I guess that isn't entirely true. You do have that bastard John, don't you? Though he's somewhere in Newgate."

A lady gasped next to him, though he couldn't tell if it was Abigail or a stranger.

"You will cease, madam, and I will escort you from the premises." He made a move to touch her but was pushed away by strong hands.

"Don't touch her!" Whitmore stood in front of the Dowager Rawlings.

"It's like the theatre, is it not?" Sebastian whisper behind him.

"Always so helpful when others are in distress," Phillip muttered as a crazed-looking Whitmore stood proud and inebriated in front of his mother. Not sure on his feet, the man swayed this way and that. Pity, for Phillip would have liked a good fight.

"Whitmore, go home."

"I will not, not until you...ap-apologize!" He hiccupped and wiped his sleeve across his mouth. The man was completely foxed, so deep in his cups that he was falling all over his words.

"Drooling, Whitmore?" Phillip commented and took off his jacket, handing it to Sebastian who had now joined the fun by standing closer than he was before. In slow, fluid movements, he rolled up his sleeves, ready for the very unfair fight to take place.

"I'll fisht you!"

"He'll what?" Sebastian asked.

"Fight!" Whitmore shouted. "I will fight for her. I l-loves her!"

"I think he means love," Sebastian said.

"Ah, and how does she feel about you, Whitmore?" Phillip asked, for his mother had been uncharacteristically quiet.

She blanched and began stuttering, "I, well, I...it isn't true! We've nothing going on. He's lying! He's trying to ruin me! Whitmore is nothing more than an acquaintance I've seen from time to time. Truly, he means nothing to me."

Not good.

Whitmore jerked around to face her. "All those times, those moments! I spread rumours for you! I delivered gossip to that horrid Mrs. Peabody! I even-"

As the room bustled with excitement, Phillip let out a bark of laughter and began clapping. "Bravo, at least now the mystery is solved. To think, all this time I was being attacked by my own family and a man whom I once called friend."

"Ahem," A man cleared his throat.

Of course, why not add more mayhem?

Phillip looked to the stairs. A bronze fellow, one who suddenly made Phillip feel a tad inadequate, began descending the stairway. He was a giant among others, at least a head taller than the rest. His golden hair reached all the way down to his shoulders, slightly waved at the bottom. With a tanned face more suited for the colonies, Phillip gaped in curiosity, the man smiled, white teeth glowing against his skin.

It was the same gentleman he had seen at Whites. The one who had pulled him off Whitmore.

The man slowly made his way to the middle of the dance floor where Whitmore and his stepmother stood fuming. As Phillip scanned the crowd, he noticed a flicker of familiarity across some faces. Who was this man and why didn't Phillip recognize him?

"Saints above," the Dowager of Barlowe gasped. "Stefan?"

Truly, it was something straight out of a Greek Tragedy.

Walking forward, the dowager, a tear running down her cheek, embraced him. And Whitmore, whose eyes were now trained on the strange fellow as if he were a ghost, turned deathly pale and made a slow motion toward the door.

The man hugged the dowager and kissed her hands before facing Whitmore. "Brother,' tis good to see you."

Whitmore froze in his steps.

The Dowager of Rawlings fainted on the spot, only to be caught by the hard ground. She was quickly carried out, per Phillip's head nod and Sebastian's instructions. Leaving the two brothers in the middle of the dance floor.

Abby approached on Phillip's left. "Well, I guess the saying is true. Just wait for another scandal to happen and they forget about yours."

"Astonishing!" Phillip answered, pulling her to his side.

The Dowager of Barlowe, teary-eyed, walked to the man announcing guests. Everyone looked up, awaiting the introductions.

"Presenting Stefan Harris, Marquess of Whitmore, returned from the dead."

Whitmore, or the old Whitmore, backed away and fled the scene, leaving the true Marquess the center of attention.

Laughing, the marquess said, "Is it not a ball? Why is there no music?"

Straightaway, the music started up again. The marquess approached Phillip and Abigail.

"Did I not say in due time you would discover my identity?"

She swallowed and looked to Phillip then back to the marquess. "You did." With a bow, he left.

Phillip continued to stare with jealousy as the man turned on his heel.

"How did you know that fellow?" Phillip asked, still watching the giant of a man move through the crowds.

"Who?" Abby smiled.

"That man." Phillip, now flustered, pointed, but noticing the look of adoration on his wife's face, forgot immediately why he was so jealous. And kissed her, against Sebastian's wishes, in the middle of the ball.

"What a mess," Phillip murmured as he escorted his wife to the refreshments. "Champagne or lemonade?"

She lifted an eyebrow. "Do you truly need to ask?"

"Champagne it is." He handed her a flute, but not before kissing her again full on the mouth. He knew Sebastian was probably off somewhere fuming over their ability to scandalize everything. But he didn't care. He loved-no adored-no, worshipped his wife and wanted everyone to know it.

"Rawlings?" A lady's voice interrupted him. Snapping his head to the left, he noticed the approach of the Dowager Barlowe.

"Your Grace." He bowed and waited. The woman was always full of such surprises.

"I need to apologize, and I do not like apologizing. So this stays between us or there will be the devil to pay, understand?"

Was he getting scolded? Because it felt like it. Heat crept up his neck. He glanced at Abby, who seemed just as bewildered.

"I understand." He was more curious as to why she would feel the need to apologize.

"You see," the dowager said in hushed tones. "I have kept this very thing a secret for so long and for it to get out, well my favorite hobby would be lost, and you know what happens when one has idle hands. One does things that aren't the least bit respectable. Not that what I do isn't a little scandalous, but what do they expect me to do, sit in my house and wait to die?"

"Er, I am confident nobody expects that, your grace."

Abigail covered her mouth with her hand and coughed. The minx better not laugh or he'd lose control as well.

"Thank you, Rawlings, for your kind words."

"Absolutely." He smiled, and waited with anticipation.

"I am sorry that I listened to that horrid step mother of yours in regards to your reputation. It wasn't my place, and I see now how difficult I made life for you. I am forever grateful this girl didn't give up on you," She patted Abby's hand and somehow Abigail lost her balance and tipped champagne right onto the dowager's gloves.

"Oh no! Your Grace! My apologies!" Abigail began patting at the wet glove on the dowager's right hand.

"Oh, have no fear. I'll just remove my gloves. I am after all a dowager-what can society say about me?"

The woman had a point.

She removed her glove very slowly and scandalously stuffed it inside her bodice. Phillip had momentary flashes of Lady Fenton doing the same thing. Why was he was always looking at his elder's br**sts? Or forced to look is more like it.

"Well then, may I ask one thing?" The dowager questioned.

"Anything," Phillip answered.

"Actually, my dear, this question is for your wife."

Abby tilted her head, waiting.

"Are the rumors grossly exaggerated?"

"Rumors of..." Abigail prompted.

The dowager gave Phillip a very slow and uncomfortable look, starting at his toes and ending at his head. Winking, she turned back to Abigail. "His rakish reputation of course. Are the rumors true, my dear?"

Blushing, Abigail answered, "Every single one."

"Delightful!" The dowager clapped and did a little curtsy to both of them. Phillip grabbed her hand and bestowed a kiss on her fingers. But noticed, as he leaned down, that they were covered in ink.

He snapped his head to attention, looking at the dowager through different eyes.

"Mrs. Peabody?" he whispered.

"Our little secret. Good evening." She laughed and waved as she walked through the crowds, yelling "move," each time someone didn't go fast enough.

"Devil take it!" Phillip grabbed Abby. "She's Mrs. Peabody? Who would have thought?"

But Abigail wasn't focused. Instead she was staring, quite blatantly, at his mouth.

"What is it?" he whispered near her ear.

"There is one rumor that I sometimes wonder about. I feel the need to see things demonstrated in order to give a fair answer to questions like the dowager's."

"Oh? And what is this rumor?"

She smiled wickedly. Tracing her finger along his jaw, she leaned in and whispered, "I once heard you danced nak*d in the moonlight, then made love until dawn...care to show me?"

Phillip didn't have the heart to tell her it was another exaggeration. That he had in fact danced nak*d only because he had taken a stupid dare, and no women were involved. Instead he whispered scandalous and naughty things into his wife's ear and took her down a darkened hallway.

Reformed rake, he was...but that didn't mean he couldn't seduce and scandalize his own wife.

"Where are we going?" She giggled.

"Oh just somewhere I can ruin you. Where you can say 'yes, Phillip' and 'again, Phillip' without being heard."

She stopped abruptly in her tracks, then pushed him hard against the wall. "Yes, Phillip. Now, Phillip. Again, Phillip..."

He laughed, kissed her hard, and pulled her into the next room. Grateful that this siren had sought him out when he had nothing, vowing to give her everything, and overjoyed he was able to love her forever.

