One

Please don't let it be him.Panic seized Amelia Lambert's heart, and then the organ lurched into a rapid, thundering rhythm like thoroughbreds breaking from the Kentucky Derby gate. Her gaze locked onto the back of the man standing at the registration counter, and a cold hard lump of dread formed in her stomach.

That sandy-blond hair, those wide shoulders, the muscular tush and long legs could only belong to one person. Someone she never wanted to see again.

Toby Haynes. Her dumbest mistake.

Why was he in Monaco now? She was supposed to have time to prepare for his arrival. Twenty-four days, to be precise.

She considered ducking behind one of the fat marble pillars in the glitzy Hotel Reynard lobby until he left, but before she could translate thought into action he turned away from the desk and his gaze plowed right into hers. And then he smiled. That cocky, slightly crooked half smile had earned him the title of NASCAR's sexiest driver five years running.

She hated that smile.

Hated what it did to her. Hated how it made her skin tingle and flush. Hated how it made her toes curl. Hated how it tangled and heated her insides and anesthetized her gray matter.

Focusing on her as if she were the only other person around for miles, he sauntered toward her with a hotel key card in one hand and a black leather bag in the other. He stopped an arm's length away. An Atlantic Ocean too close, in her opinion.

"Hello, sweet Amelia," he drawled.

Her lungs failed at the intimacy of his leisurely I've-seen-you-naked inspection.

The man had enough magnetism to screw up compasses from here to Timbuktu. Throw in the fact that he possessed a risk-taking adrenaline-junkie personality that spelled doom for any relationship, and Toby Haynes was bad news all around. Never mind that he was every woman's dream lover in bed. A woman would have to be a masochist to get entangled with him.

Luckily she'd wised up.

Unfortunately not soon enough.

She tipped her head back to look into his silvery-blue eyes and tried to swallow the barge beached in her dry throat with only minimal success. "What are you doing here, Toby?"

"Vincent asked me to shadow you and your girlfriends until the wedding. Never cared much for following, but for you I'll make an exception."

Her stomach landed in her sandals, and chaos erupted in her brain as she scrambled to make sense of his words. Vincent was Vincent Reynard, heir to the Hotel Reynard chain and one of Toby's race-car team's sponsors, as well as the groom-to-be to Amelia's best friend, Candace. Vincent happened to be footing the bill for Candace and her three bridesmaids to spend a month in Monaco planning the dreamiest wedding ever. The ceremony was scheduled to take place in four weeks.

"Why you?"

"I'm the best man. But then, you already know that. I recall you saying so. More than once." His Georgia roots oozed into his gravelly voice and over her skin like a humid southern breeze.

She could not believe she'd been dumb enough to feed his already Herculean ego with compliments.

But he had been that good.

And she had been that stupid. Being tipsy was no excuse.

And then she remembered Neal, her dearly departed fiance, the man she loved with all her heart, and she felt like a traitor. Again. The same way she had that morning when she'd rolled over and spotted Toby's handsome face on her pillow.

Wait a minute. Panic knocked guilt aside. "You're Vincent's best man?"

"Yes, ma'am."

She would wring her friend's neck for withholding that crucial piece of information. "I'm Candace's maid of honor."

"Guess that means we'll be rubbing fenders. All those shared duties. We're gonna be tight."

This was bad. Very, very bad. Nauseating, in fact. She barely managed to contain her groan.

Toby slouched against the marble pillar beside her and slid his key into his front pocket. The action drew Amelia's gaze over the taboo terrain of a generous masculine package encased in blue jeans so worn and faded she could tell which way the, um, landscape lay.

She suppressed a shiver as memories assailed her and gritted her teeth against the images burned on her retinas of how he looked nak*d, of what he felt like hot and bare and pressed against her, of how alive he'd made her feel on a day when she'd wanted to crawl into a dark cave and hide.

Her body smoldered and her hormones launched into a chorus line of kicks and spins. Those same stupid hormones had landed her in bed with him ten months ago, but that was a mistake she'd never repeat. Toby Haynes, like her father, was bent on burning a destructive trail along the fastest route to the grave.

Her journey climbed back up his flat stomach and broad chest and eventually reached his gorgeous tanned face, his let-me-at-you mouth and sexy bedroom eyes-eyes currently twinkling with satisfaction over her thorough inventory of his anatomy.

Darn. "Shouldn't you be driving in circles somewhere?"

His smile slipped but only for a millisecond. Had she not been staring at him like a deer caught in the headlights, she would have missed it. He blinked, raked a hand through his short, already disheveled hair and then hooked his thumb through his belt loop. His casual stance contradicted the tension carving shallow lines around his mouth.

"I have some free time. And it's ovals or tri-ovals or-"

"In the middle of the NASCAR season?"

"Yeah." He forced the word through a clenched-teeth smile.

Admittedly Amelia didn't follow car racing, but working as a nurse in a Charlotte, North Carolina, hospital near a speedway meant caring for several race-car drivers each year, and she'd learned a little about the sport whether she'd wanted to or not. Time off midseason was neither desirable nor good. It cost the driver points or money or...something that pushed most of the fools to check out of the hospital sooner than they should and often against doctor's orders. To earn an entire month off meant Toby had broken a major rule or been injured.

She took another quick appraisal of his muscle-packed body. He didn't look injured. He looked firm and fit and virile-ahem.

"What did you do?"

He shifted his jaw. "What makes you think I did anything?"

"Because you're a hardheaded, risk-taking daredevil. You drive like a maniac. And you don't miss races."

The corners of his mouth curled up-and so did her toes. "Been watching me, have you?"

Her face ignited into a ball of flame. She'd only watched part of one race. After the first wreck she'd had to turn off the TV. But Toby made the network news highlight clips every week and he'd done commercials both on TV and in print. She couldn't avoid seeing his handsome mug even though she tried.

She scowled and lifted her chin. "I have better things to do than watch grown men try to kill themselves."

"Like what?"

"None of your business. Go home, Toby. Candace, Madeline, Stacy and I can look out for each other. We don't need a babysitter. All you have to do is show up for the rehearsal and the wedding."

"No can do. My buddy asked and I owe him."

His buddy. Vincent.

She'd met Toby last year after a freak accident in his pit had burned Vincent over twenty percent of his body. Vincent had been airlifted to the hospital where Amelia and Candace worked in the burn unit. During Vincent's stay, he'd met and fallen in love with Candace. Toby had been a frequent and irritating visitor. Amelia had seen too much of him then and she'd already seen too much of him today.

"Vincent said the accident wasn't your fault."

The grooves beside Toby's mouth deepened. "I'm responsible for my team and anyone behind my wall."

If she had a dollar for every time she'd heard similar words, she could buy a private island in the Bahamas. She'd learned from her firefighter father and from her job dealing with the results of disaster that when the adrenaline kicked in, risk takers thought of nothing but the thrill of their daring deeds. They needed that rush the way a junkie needed a fix.

Toby lifted a hand to her cheek. She flinched out of reach but not quick enough to avoid a brief electrifying touch. "Like it or not, I'm going to be drafting you until after the wedding."

The fine hairs on her body rose in warning. She took a step back. "You said you didn't like to follow anyone."

His gaze rolled down her body and slowly back up. Her skin tightened and her n**ples peaked. She folded her arms across her chest to hide the evidence.

"Depends on the view and the reason. Trust me, I won't be complaining."

How dare her pulse skip. She silently cursed her traitorous body. "Don't expect to take up where we left off."

"Tell me something, Amelia." He stretched out her name, long and low, the way he had when he'd groaned it during cli**x, and a heat wave engulfed her. "It was good between us. If I had any doubts, hearing you moan my name over and over deafened 'em. So why would you sneak out on a guy like that? And what's with the cold shoulder since?"

She squashed a trace of guilt and quickly glanced around to make sure none of the other hotel guests were listening. She'd refused Toby's gifts and hadn't returned his phone calls because she'd been afraid he'd sweet-talk her out of her common sense-and her clothes-again. The risk of falling for a guy just like dear ole Dad had been too high. She didn't intend to end up like her mother-stuck in a miserable marriage.

She wanted a man like Neal. Kind, gentle Neal, the fiance she'd loved and lost to leukemia three years ago. She did not want a guy who'd haul his banged-up body home for her to put back together time and time again. Most marriages couldn't survive that kind of stress-a circumstance she witnessed on the job every day. With divorce rates at fifty percent, she had to use your brain to choose a partner or she'd end up in the wrong statistical column.

"Toby, what happened that night shouldn't have happened. You caught me at a weak moment. I'd had a rough week and too much to drink and I made a mistake. It won't happen again."

From the flare of his nostrils she suspected he didn't like being called a mistake. "You'd had two drinks."

"I'm not a drinker. I have a low tolerance level."

"You might call the first time a mistake, but that doesn't explain the next three. Sugar, you were hot for me-and not just that night. We'd been circling each other for months. You can't deny you wanted me. I caught you checking me out more times than I can count."

The accuracy of his words shot flames through her veins. "Then you can't count very high. And for your information, I also crave eclairs 24-7. However I don't indulge often because too much isn't good for me. Neither are you."

"I was very good for you-every time. Granted, the first one was a little fast. But I didn't hear you complaining." The combination of his husky drawl and intense passion-darkened eyes nearly buckled her knees.

She stiffened her weak limbs and shaky defenses. She would not think about that night. Bad enough that the memory still invaded her dreams, she refused to let it take over her conscious hours. "Toby, I've heard about your conquests. Women are like races to you. You win one and then you pack up and fly to the next. You had me. It's time to move on."

"Can't do that, sugar. We're not finished."

The conviction in his words sent a shiver of desire rippling through her. He had her hot and bothered and weakening with only words. If she didn't scare him away, then she was going to be in serious trouble. Shock tactics might work. "Are you looking for a wife?"

He flinched. "No."

"Well, I'm looking for a husband and children, the white picket fence, the dog, the cat and the whole package. I won't deny you were an enjoyable interlude, but I am looking for Mr. Right and someone to share a porch swing with thirty years from now. You are nowhere close to qualified for the position, and I don't want to waste any more time on you. So back off."

She turned on her heel and beat a hasty retreat toward the elevator.

Waste time on him?

Toby fisted his hands and gnashed his teeth. Women didn't walk away from Toby Haynes. He loved 'em and left 'em on his terms and he always-always-left 'em wanting more.

Forget the bet. This had nothing to do with the wager he'd made to keep Vincent entertained during rough months of countless skin grafts and painful rehab and everything to do with Amelia Lambert-the first woman to mess up his foolproof system.

She'd left him wanting more. Nothing permanent like her fantasy house in the suburbs and happy ever after, mind you, because he didn't believe in permanence. He'd seen too many women walk away when times got tough and too many men blow when the pressure got too high. But he wanted more of her particular brand of five-alarm-fire sex. They'd combusted every which way including sideways that night, and having her dismiss the potent chemistry between them-dismiss him-chafed worse than sucking exhaust from the back of the pack.

He wanted her back. What's more, she wanted him, too. He'd seen the hunger in her green-and-gold eyes as she'd visually stripped him a few minutes ago, and his body had responded. Give him a few more laps around the mattress and then he'd be ready to drop the checkered flag on their relationship.

He took a minute to admire her slender figure and lean legs in a short white skirt and frilly, sheer peach-colored blouse over a fitted camisole instead of her usual shapeless hospital scrubs. Her hair, a wavy cinnamon curtain, swished between her shoulder blades with each step. His blood took a pit stop in his south end at the memory of the silky strands gliding across his belly and thighs-an experience he intended to repeat soon. Very soon.

He knocked himself out of neutral and straightened to tail her sweet, swaying behind. The sudden movement made the floor shift beneath his feet. Damn. He planted a steadying palm on the cool column. The vertigo vanished as quickly as it had appeared, but it reminded him why he was here.

Concussion. Couldn't drive. The doc claimed that by the time the wedding passed Toby should be back behind the wheel. Missing five races meant that, short of a miracle, he and his team would be eliminated from this year's chase for the championship. He didn't believe in miracles.

He'd been in the top ten for the past eight years and he didn't like losing. Every win proved his daddy wrong. Toby Haynes wasn't a worthless piece of crap. Too bad the old bastard hadn't lived long enough to eat his words.

Toby covered the ground between him and his target in long strides. "Hold up, sugar. We have to make plans. What in the devil is a Jack and Jill shower anyway?"

Amelia stopped abruptly and turned. "Why?"

"Because Vincent wants one and he put me in charge of it. And Candace sent me a link to a wedding Web site that says you and I are supposed to host some brunch thing together, too. I have the e-mails. C'mon up to my room and we'll go over 'em."

He'd done his research and he knew exactly what his best-man duties were. Back when he'd thought he'd be racing every weekend and blowing in only for the wedding, he'd intended to hire the best party planner in Monaco to set up a pair of bashes the bride and groom would never forget. Money was no object. But since he was stuck here he might as well use the situation to lure Amelia back into the sack.

Amelia folded her arms and gave him that prissy in-your-dreams look-the one that fired every cylinder in his engine. Nothing he liked more than a challenge, and the sweet little nurse had been a challenge from day one when she'd tried to bounce him from Vincent's hospital room after visiting hours ended. She hadn't stood a chance of ditching him then and she didn't now. What Toby wanted, Toby got. He hadn't made it from white trash to multimillionaire by letting a few obstacles stop him.

He held out his hands and shrugged. "Hey, if you're not interested, I'm sure I can pull something together. They sell kegs in Monaco, right? And I bet the concierge can recommend a good stripper or two for the bachelor party."

Amelia's raspberry-red lips dropped open in horror. Bull's-eye. He'd missed riling her and bit the inside of his lip to stop a grin.

"You don't have beer kegs at bridal showers, Toby, and Candace would not appreciate strippers."

No kidding. But he loved Amelia's shocked whisper. Kinda reminded him of how she'd sounded when he'd dipped his head between her legs and licked her that first time. "No?"

She huffed out an exasperated breath. "Give me your list and go back to the States, back to your races and your bimbos and...whatever. I'll take care of everything."

If only he could go back.

"Nope. Gave my word. Never break it." If his good-ole-boy act made people underestimate him, that wasn't his problem. And if Amelia thought he'd give up his pursuit just because she played hard to get, then she'd seriously miscalculated how much he liked to win.

"Speaking of teamwork, I could use your help. Airline lost my luggage. Let me dump my bag upstairs and then you can take me shopping and do your worst." The airline had promised to have his bag to him within twenty-four hours, and he had a change of clothes in his carry-on. But he didn't have to share that information.

"I am not your personal shopper."

No, but she was one of those women who always helped out someone in need, a real sucker for a sob story. He'd learned that in the months of chasing her up and down hospital corridors.

"Admit it, you'd love to get me out of my pants. Again." He winked and she bristled predictably. "You've been here a day already. I know you women have scoped out the stores."

The glint in her eyes warned him he wouldn't score an easy victory. "I'm sure Gustavo, our concierge, can give you a map. If you want to discuss shower and brunch arrangements, then I'll make time to meet you in the cafe by the gardens later this afternoon. But right now I have plans."

Plans that didn't include him.

He ought to be frustrated by his lack of success. Instead the temporary setback only made him more determined to succeed.

The express elevator to the penthouse floor opened. She whirled around and stepped inside. Toby followed.

Her eyes widened. "Where are you going?"

"My suite."

She folded her arms and abruptly faced the doors. He was glad, because the swift ascent left him reeling. He braced a shoulder against the wall and widened his stance. The moment the brass panels opened again, Amelia bolted down the thickly carpeted hall. Toby straightened carefully, found his balance and followed more slowly, scanning the space to get his bearings.

Nine doors opened off the penthouse level. Two emergency exits. Six suites. One rooftop pool and hot tub for the private use of the penthouse-level guests. Amelia stabbed her key card into the door at the far end and a grin tugged Toby's lips. His room was next door. Convenient. Thanks, Vince.

He inserted the key into his electronic lock. "Knock on the wall when you're ready for me, sugar."

"Don't hold your breath." Amelia ducked into her room.

Toby's grin widened. Being sidelined for a month from the sport he lived and breathed no longer seemed like a fate worse than death. In fact, he could even say he was looking forward to it.

Two

Amelia slammed the suite door behind her-as hard as one could slam a door designed to operate silently.She stalked into the luxurious sitting area and confronted her best friend. On second thought, maybe her former best friend. "Is there something you forgot to tell me?"

Candace tucked a lock of pale blond hair behind her ear and blinked her big blue eyes innocently. Too innocently. "Like what?"

"Like Toby Haynes is Vincent's best man and he's going to be a pain in my neck for the entire month, not just the weekend of the wedding."

"Oh, that." Candace made a show of straightening the pages of whatever wedding project she'd been working on.

"You knew. And you didn't warn me." Just as Candace had known about that miserable mistake Amelia had made ten months ago. Candace was the only one Amelia had told, and then only because she'd had to offer some explanation for suddenly switching to the Thursday-Sunday shifts-days when Toby would be at a racetrack somewhere.

"I didn't know until a couple of days ago. But it's been months since you two hooked up and split up, Amelia. You should be able to be civil to each other. Or if there's still something between you, maybe you can see where it leads."

Realization dawned and the betrayal winded her. Candace had a notorious reputation at the hospital for trying to pair up people. But because of their shared pain and shared past, Amelia had never expected her friend to practice that annoying habit on her. "You're matchmaking. With me. How could you?"

Candace's gaze softened. "Honey, Neal is dead. You're not."

Amelia flinched. "You don't need to remind me. I loved your brother. I still do."

"I loved him, too. And he loved you. You made the last year of his life better. Amelia, we don't have to forget him, but he's been gone three years and we have to move on. You spend most of your time alone in your apartment, reading romances or watching sappy old movies. You need to get out more."

"Not with Toby Haynes!"

"He's the only guy you've dated since Neal."

"We didn't date. We had sex."

"So you skipped a few preliminaries. Big deal. Besides, Vincent wants us to keep an eye on him."

"On Toby? Why?"

"Because of the wreck."

At a loss, Amelia shook her head. "What wreck?"

"The one last weekend that gave Toby a grade-three concussion. Vincent claims Toby's one of those alpha males who refuses to admit to any weakness, so he asked Toby to fly over here and keep an eye on us. But we're really watching him. Sneaky, huh?"

Vincent wasn't the only sneaky one. Amelia stabbed her fingers into her hair, yanked and silently screamed, This cannot be happening. "He looks fine."

"And since you worked in neurology before transferring to the burn unit, you know how deceiving head injuries can be. One of us-preferably you, me or Madeline-should be with him whenever he leaves the hotel, since we know what postconcussion syndrome looks like," Candace said. "And I have the name of a Monaco neurologist. Toby's supposed to check in regularly." She dug in her purse and offered a business card to Amelia.

Amelia took it with about as much enthusiasm as she would an open test tube of the Ebola virus. "I'm surprised you didn't ask me to share his suite."

"I was hoping you'd volunteer."

Amelia narrowed her eyes. "You'd better be joking."

Candace gave her an enigmatic smile.

"I could hate you for this."

"No, Amelia, you can't. We were almost family, and you can't hate family."

Ha. Shows what she knew. Amelia's parents detested each other. Their virulent screaming matches were legendary in the neighborhood. Her father might not be able to walk, but he sure could bellow and curse. And her mother didn't take his verbal abuse silently. More often than not, she provoked it.

"If he's so bad off, why did the doctors clear him for travel?"

"To keep him away from racing. There's some rule that says if a sick or injured driver can make one lap around the track and then hand the car off to a relief driver, he can still earn points. Or something like that. Vincent didn't want to risk Toby trying to make those laps when he's unstable."

Which only confirmed Amelia's opinion that adrenaline junkies didn't know what was good for them. If the man had to be forced to take time off when he was incapacitated-

"Consider taking shifts managing the best man as one of your maid-of-honor duties," Candace stated firmly.

If she didn't love Candace so much, she would tell her to take her maid-of-honor tribute and insert it like a suppository. "I really could hate you for this," she repeated.

"Nah, you're just miffed because you can't keep running. And because Toby makes you feel something."

Amelia didn't want to feel anything. Numbness was safer. It allowed her to make logical decisions instead of impetuous ones. If the right man ever came along to replace Neal, then he would gently coax her emotions back to life. He would not turn her into a quivering mass of screaming nerves on her coffee table, her floor, her bed and in her shower.

Toby had turned her into a stranger that night ten months ago. Someone passionate, impulsive, impractical and without restraint-a combination guaranteed to result in disaster.

Someone she never wanted to be again.

"Feeling lucky tonight?"

Amelia startled and gasped at the sound of Toby's low-pitched voice rumbling in her ear. His warm breath stirred the fine hairs on her neck.

How did he sneak up on her that way? He'd done so numerous times during the days when Vincent had been in the hospital. She wouldn't even know he was on the floor and then-bam!-he'd materialize behind her, whisper something outrageous in her ear and rattle her nerves like leaves in a hurricane.

She turned away from the craps table. Surprise stole her words and glued her feet to the carpet. Gone was the jean-clad invitation to sin she'd come to know and avoid. In his place stood a man sexier than any other in Le Sun Casino. Correction: sexier than any man in the entire Monte Carlo Casino complex. Maybe even in all of Monaco.

Toby had tamed his golden hair and shaved his stubborn block of jaw. He looked dashing, debonair, suave...all those words she'd read but never used.

Like the blond James Bond. Only better.

He certainly left her shaken and stirred. "I-I don't gamble, so luck doesn't come into it."

"No?"

"No, but that doesn't mean I don't enjoy trying to figure out how different games work." With a flip of her hand she indicated the black tux adorning his tall, broad-shouldered athletic frame to GQ perfection. "I thought you'd lost your luggage."

"I did, but our helpful concierge pointed me toward the shops when you refused."

She didn't feel guilty for that. Well, maybe just a twinge, given his concussion. She scanned the brightly lit circus decor of the room, looking beneath the colorful carousel dome in the center, past the numerous slot machines and other games of chance and over the finely dressed guests. She didn't spot her suitemates.

"Where's Candace?" The bride had agreed to take the first Toby-watching shift. Amelia had broken away from the group to wander around looking for celebrities before Toby joined them. She adored entertainment magazines, and Monaco-the casino in particular-was packed with famous faces. Too bad it would be tacky to collect autographs.

"Candace said something about the three of them heading to the Cafe Divan for dinner and sent me after you. Hungry?"

"Not really. You go ahead."

His silvery-blue gaze coasted from her French-twisted hair to her bronze silk evening gown with its bust-enhancing lace bodice and chiffon godet skirt that gave the impression of curves-curves her matchstick figure didn't naturally have. He finally reached her ridiculously high heels and then took a leisurely return trip. She felt as glamorous as a Hollywood starlet in this gown-doubly so when Toby's appreciative gaze returned to hers.

"You look good, sugar. Good enough to eat."

Her skin scorched. Memories bombarded her. She snuffed them and mentally searched her barren brain for a polite way to send him back to Candace before she weakened. "Thank you."

But then she noted the groove between his eyebrows and his slight flinch when a woman beside him squealed over a win. "Do you have a headache?"

He shrugged. "S' probably jet lag."

Compassion she did not want to feel invaded her. Postconcussion syndrome often included headaches. "It's too soon for jet lag. That'll hit tomorrow or the next day. You should get out of these bright lights and away from the noise."

"Not leaving your side. Bride's orders."

Amelia stifled a frustrated growl over Candace's blatant matchmaking. She would chew out her meddling friend later for ditching her shift early, because there was no doubt what this was-a handoff.

Amelia nodded toward the exit. "Let's walk outside. The fresh air might help your head. If it doesn't, I have acetaminophen in my room."

His lips quirked. "Inviting me to your room already?"

Smacking him wouldn't improve his headache, so she restrained the impulse. Barely. "You can wait in the hall."

"First let's find a quiet restaurant somewhere," he said. "I could eat."

Hope kicked in her chest. Ditching him couldn't be as easy as passing him back to Candace, could it? "Why don't you join the others? I heard the food's good."

"No point in staying in the casino. I don't gamble either."

Which was an odd thing to say given his occupation was a huge gamble with his life.

Within moments he'd handed a message and a big tip to a casino employee to inform Candace, Stacy and Madeline that he and Amelia were leaving. He guided her out of the building with a warm hand on her waist that she couldn't outrun no matter how fast she toddled on her heels.

The cool night air enveloped her. She struggled with her wrap. Toby lifted the filmy fabric. His fingertips brushed her nape and then he smoothed his palms across her shoulders and down her arms in a wide, warm nerve-tingling swath. She silently cursed her telling shiver and hustled down the sidewalk.

Twisting to dislodge the hand at her waist, she glanced back toward the postcard view of the building. "The casino is my favorite landmark in all of Monaco, especially when it's all lit up like this. It looks like a giant wedding cake."

A line of expensive cars circled the Place Du Casino, the kind of cars she'd only seen in movie magazines and on her long-term male teenage patients' hot-rod calendars. She shifted her gaze to the man walking so close beside her that their shoulders and hands bumped. Not surprisingly the Ferraris and Lamborghinis and other overpriced and overpowered toys held his attention.

His gaze caught hers. "Nice wheels."

"Testosterone, tires, trouble. Those three T's are the bane of the burn unit."

"Is that why you hate drivers?"

"I don't hate drivers," she answered quickly-too quickly, if his skeptical expression was an indication.

"Sugar, you were the frost queen to every driver who visited Vincent in the hospital."

"I was not."

One arched golden eyebrow argued silently.

"Okay, so I don't see the point in needlessly risking your life for sport. It's just...stupid."

His chuckle surprised her. She'd insulted him and his profession. Why would he laugh? "So that's why you're playing hard to get."

"I am not playing at anything."

He took her elbow and guided her past the fountains and sculptures of Casino Square and across the street. The warmth of his firm grip weakened her knees.

"Most women want me because I'm fast on the track and slow in the sack. But not you, Amelia. Since the driver thing doesn't flip your toggle switch, then it must be me that starts your engine. So what's the draw? My buff bod or my Southern charm?"

The teasing twinkle in his eyes made her pulse skip. A laugh gurgled from her throat before she could block it. "It's certainly not your humility."

"It's only ego if you can't deliver the goods. I can."

"Oh, puh-lease."

He pulled her to a stop on the sidewalk beneath an iron lamppost. His gaze locked on hers and his big body loomed above her. "I did. And I will."

The intent look in his eyes stole her breath. He was going to kiss her if she didn't move fast, but her muscles seemed sluggish. Toby tempted her to ignore every last vestige of common sense and self-preservation.

Last time she'd fallen into bed with him looking for comfort, but instead of solace she'd found passion-passion far beyond anything she'd shared with Neal. And her body's betrayal had alarmed her. If she could feel so much for a man she didn't love and wasn't even sure she liked, how devastated would she be if she let herself come to care about him and then had to live through his self-destructive behavior?

She'd be her mother all over again.

She had to get rid of Toby Haynes. The sooner, the better.

He lifted his hand toward her face. Amelia ducked out of reach at the last possible second. Her brain thanked her. Her body did not. Her skin tingled and her br**sts ached with the need to be touched. "Maybe we should go back to the hotel."

A salacious smile slanted his lips. "Now you're talking."

"And eat in the dining room." She gave him her best don't-mess-with-me glare, the one that snapped even the most quarrelsome patient back into line, but at the same time she noticed the lines around his mouth and eyes had deepened. He was dead on his feet, most likely with fatigue-another post-concussion symptom.

At times such as this she wished she'd chosen nursing for the paycheck. But, no, caring for others wasn't just her job, it was her vocation. Somewhere deep inside her an empathy switch engaged any time she saw someone in pain. That meant she couldn't walk away from this man and potential disaster no matter how loudly her internal warning sirens blared.

She took his arm and steered him toward the hotel. His bicep tensed beneath her touch, and she released him immediately. Glancing sideways at him, she asked, "Doesn't it ever get old?"

"What's that, sugar?"

"The come-ons. You're exhausted, Toby. If I accepted your invitation for a night of nooky, you'd be hard-pressed to follow through."

He looped an arm around her waist and pulled her close to the radiator-hot length of his body so fast she didn't even have time to gasp. "Try me."

Darn. There went that blip of her pulse again. She flattened her palm on his chest and tried to make light of the situation. "Not tonight. You have a headache."

Her flippant reply made the corners of his lips curl...and there went her toes, doing the same. Why, oh, why did a man so totally wrong for her have so much power over her libido?

And then he kissed her. She stiffened with shock at the initial contact with his mouth. Her stubborn muscles ignored her order to retreat and loosened. His lips were soft. Hot. Insistent. Persuasive. His tongue stroked her bottom lip, slipped inside and tangled with hers. Long fingers cradled her nape, trapping her-not that she'd managed to work up the strength to protest yet.

But she would.

In a second.

Or two.

His other hand painted a trail of goose bumps down her back and settled at her waist. His leather-and-lime scent invaded her lungs and his warmth invaded her body. Her reasoning powers left through the same open door.

Why him? Why did Toby Haynes-daredevil extraordinaire-have to be the one to sweep her off her feet? Why couldn't he be as gentle and considerate as the other men she dated, men who asked before each kiss and caress? Because then you'd turn him down. Right? Why did her body revel in his high-handedness?

She really had to stop him. But one kiss melted into two and then three. She clung to the lapels of his tux as her thoughts spiraled out of control. This wasn't wise. But he tasted good, felt good, smelled good. Every cell in her body hummed to life.

Toby shifted, leaning back against a nearby building and pulling her between his thighs. As if she weren't hot enough already, heat radiated off the stone wall, making her skin tight and dry. The lace of her bodice rasped her sensitive n**ples with each shuddered breath. His hand slid lower, cupping her bottom, heating her flesh and pulling her closer. The hard ridge of his erection scorched her belly through the thin silk of her dress, shocking her into awareness of where she was, what she was doing and with whom.

Oh, God. Not again. Didn't you learn anything last time?

She planted her palms on his chest and wrenched her mouth free. His heart thumped fast and steady beneath her palm. Backing away, she wiped her damp mouth with the back of her hand as if that would wipe away the mistake she'd made.

"Find another playmate, Toby. I'm not interested."

His gaze raked her face, her body, lingering on her br**sts, and then returned to her eyes. He didn't say a word, but his expression-and her racing heart-called her a liar. He slowly eased himself away from the wall.

She hugged her wrap around her and walked toward the hotel. Even if she were foolish enough to overlook his profession, she'd heard the other drivers who'd visited Vincent joke about Toby's short attention span with women and his legendary number of conquests.

Toby was all about temporary. She wanted forever. And she wanted forever without fear or conflict. Unfortunately her neglected hormones didn't understand the concept of choosing wisely.

She had to find a way to avoid being alone with him or else her month in this fairy-tale kingdom would feel like an eternity running from the castle dragon.

"I'm sorry," Madeline replied on Tuesday morning.

Disappointment wrapped around Amelia like a boa constrictor. The rapidly descending elevator left her stomach behind. "It's okay. I understand."

She hoped her suitemate didn't hear the dismay in her voice. "You have fun with your tour guide. And, Madeline, if a vacation romance with him is what you're after, then I hope it works out for you."

She turned her attention to Stacy, the third occupant of the elevator. Amelia had only met Stacy a few times before this trip and she didn't know her very well, but she had to enlist aid while Candace wasn't around to interfere and she couldn't be picky. "Stacy, any chance you'll have some free time to take a Toby-watching shift?"

Stacy tilted her head. "Explain to me what you meant when you said you 'accidentally' slept with him."

Amelia winced. Leave it to Candace's accountant to want a logical explanation instead of the sketchy facts Amelia had offered-namely that Toby was trying to pick up where he and Amelia had left off ten months ago and she wasn't interested.

"I'd had a rotten week. That Sunday I'd lost a long-term patient who left behind a grieving pregnant fiancee. Tuesday was the anniversary of the day Neal and I had planned to get married. And then Wednesday Candace and Vincent announced their engagement. Don't get me wrong, I was-I am-thrilled for them, but it was just too much all at once, I guess. That night Toby asked me to go to dinner after my shift, and against my better judgment I accepted and...well, you know the rest."

Stacy nodded and her turquoise eyes filled with sympathy. "All three incidents reminded you of what you'd lost, and you didn't want to be alone. Toby was there, and you're attracted to him so-"

"Believe me, I don't want to be attracted. He's totally wrong for me. He's reckless and overconfident and-"

"I don't think he's overconfident," Madeline interrupted. "Look at him. He's rich, gorgeous and successful. He certainly knows how to make a woman feel good. You could do worse. Candace is right, Amelia. You've been mourning too long. It's time to get back in the game. I wouldn't expect forever from Toby, but you should consider him for a vacation fling. You know, to oil your rusty hinges."

The idea both titillated and repelled her. "No, thank you. I'm not the fling type."

"Honey, anybody can be the fling type given sufficient motivation," Madeline said.

Stacy touched her arm. "I'll do what I can to run interference, but remember I'm not a medical professional. The only thing I know about concussions is what I've seen on the Discovery Channel, and that's not much."

"I'll tell you what to look for."

"Stacy, don't forget your delicious French chocolatier," Madeline added. "Franco might have something to say about how you spend your time."

Stacy blushed and ducked her head.

Amelia struggled to hide her grimace. From what she'd learned last night when the women had returned from the casino, both Stacy and Madeline had met men who might monopolize their non-wedding-planning hours. That meant Amelia would be on her own most of the time, because Candace certainly wasn't going to help her avoid Toby. In fact, the bride-to-be seemed determined to do the opposite.

The elevator doors opened. Dread knotted Amelia's stomach, but she squared her shoulders and walked with the others toward the small, private hotel dining room for the wedding-cake sampling. She could handle this. She wasn't emotionally fragile anymore. The anniversary of her nonwedding didn't hurt as much these days, and she'd avoid alcohol-both contributing factors to her stumble into Toby's arms.

She blamed her overzealous reaction to his kiss last night on the element of surprise combined with strolling down the moonlit sidewalks of Monaco-a magical place where princes really did marry commoners.

Even fairy tales have flaws, her practical side interjected. Monaco royalty hadn't exactly lived a charmed life.

Being swept off her feet was fine for fantasies and fairy tales, but choosing a mate for practical reasons instead of letting her hormones and pheromones rule gave her a better chance of having a successful marriage.

In the meantime, she'd simply devote herself one hundred percent to the wedding arrangements. A man's man like Toby Haynes would avoid the girlie stuff the way he would a full-body wax. Sure, he'd agreed to carry out his best-man duties, and he and Amelia would have to work together on the Jack and Jill shower and the wedding-party luncheon, but she'd bet her trusty Camry he wouldn't be caught dead sampling wedding cake, picking out flowers or choosing bridesmaids' dresses.

All she had to do was keep busy with maid-of-honor tasks and he'd stay out of her way.

And then Amelia stepped into the dining room and her plan imploded. Toby stood beside the linen-draped table, talking to Candace and a chef. He looked perfectly comfortable and devastatingly attractive in pressed khakis and a pale blue polo. His jaw gleamed from a recent shave and his hair was still damp from his shower.

His gaze met hers. He toasted her with a crystal glass, and one corner of his mouth lifted in a knowing smile.

She gulped. So much for Plan A.

Plan B, where are you?

Three

"You can run, sugar, but you can't hide." Toby stuck his boot in the gap before Amelia could shut the door in his face Wednesday morning.He pushed his way into her suite. She'd given him the slip after the cake thing yesterday and gone shopping with her suitemates. Today he'd stick to her tight little tush like a tattoo.

He gave her the once-over. Twice. She looked adorable in her prissy white ruffled nightie with pink cheeks and bedhead. He'd always found bedhead kinda sexy-especially if he was the one who'd caused it.

"Toby, it's early. Why are you here?"

The early-morning huskiness of her voice revved his engine.

"Found a couple of places for the parties. You need to see them before I sign contracts. The car will be here in thirty minutes. Need help dressing?" He didn't expect her to say yes, but if she did, the car would have to wait.

"I haven't even had coffee. Go away and come back in an hour." Shoving her hair away from her face with both hands, she wandered deeper into the sitting room. The sun streaming through the wide window made her long gown damn near transparent. He bit back a groan. Granted, Amelia didn't have the Playboy-bunny curves of most of the women he dated and bedded, but the curves she had were in all the right places and looked mighty fine at the moment.

Without looking away from the mouthwatering view, he unclipped his phone from his belt. "I'll ask the driver to have coffee waiting in the limo. C'mon, sugar, move your tail-unless prancing around in front of that window in your sexy see-through gown is an invitation for me to spend the day here with you."

She gasped, looked down and crossed her arms over her br**sts and torso. "Go. Away."

"Not happening. Get dressed or undressed. Either works for me."

The flush on her cheeks deepened and her fingers fisted, but she didn't move.

"Need help making up your mind?" He stepped toward her.

She whirled on her heel, hustled through one of the four doors opening off the main room and shut the panel-hard.

He grinned. He could always count on Amelia doing the exact opposite of his usual women. Most would have dropped the gown-if they'd been wearing one when they'd opened the door in the first place-and invited him to spend the day nak*d.

She was hell on his ego but a good outlet for his frustrated competitive nature.

He made a quick call to order her breakfast and considered calling home to check on his teams, but he calculated the time difference and returned the phone to its clip. Nobody would be in the shop this late on a Tuesday night.

Thinking about the shop made him antsy. He started pacing.

He'd hired a relief driver to keep his car on the track and keep earning owner points. Daily e-mails from his crew chief kept him up to date on the kid's progress. But it wasn't the same as being there. With his teams. In the driver's seat. In the groove of the track. In the winner's circle.

But Vincent-damn his friend's sorry hide-had threatened to pull Hotel Reynard's twenty million sponsor dollars not just from Toby but from Haynes Racing's other two teams if Toby didn't stay away from the track until the neurologist cleared him. Toby could find another sponsor, but he wasn't willing to lose Vincent's friendship. Especially when his buddy was right. Toby had no business risking himself or other drivers by getting behind the wheel when one little bump could upset his equilibrium and put him and anybody near him into the wall.

One of his laps around the sitting room carried him past the dining room table. A calendar caught his eye and halted his steps. Each square listed the wedding-planning activities for each bridesmaid by time and location over the next four weeks. Hair appointments, dress fittings, manicures, massages...

Toby pulled out his PDA and noted each of Amelia's assigned tasks. If she dodged him again, he'd find her. He'd barely stuffed the electronic organizer back into his pocket when her bedroom door opened.

He turned and his whistle died on his lips.

A white eyelet sundress with string straps crisscrossed her chest, with a narrow ruffle leading from the V-neck down and around the hem, which hung just above her knees. A waist-high bow on her side cinched in the fabric and reminded him how delicate she'd been perched above him. Long, lean legs. Small, round br**sts. Slender enough he'd thought he might snap her in two. And then she'd taken him inside and he hadn't been able to think at all.

If he pulled that bow, would her dress open for him? Would she be wearing plain white cotton panties like last time? And no way could she be wearing a bra under there. His pulse raced.

A matching eyelet headband kept her hair off her face, and low-heeled white sandals revealed shocking-pink toe-nails. Funny, before Monaco he'd only seen her two ways: Naked and in hospital scrubs. She'd even worn scrubs the night he'd taken her to dinner because he hadn't given her time to go home and change-her clothes or her mind.

He'd never pictured her in street clothes. But that was probably because he spent most of his time picturing her nak*d. She'd been so efficient on the job that her girlie-girl attire was a surprise. "Nice."

The white bangles on her wrist tinkled as she fidgeted with her purse. "Thank you. Where are we going?"

"Hotel de Paris and a private villa."

"Why a private villa?"

"Thought the brunch should be relaxed instead of formal. We'll have it catered." He opened the suite door, motioned for her to precede him into the hall and then followed her out. "There are beds at either place in case somebody has too much champagne and needs to sleep it off."

"That's probably a good idea." She hustled to the elevator as if trying to outrun him.

He stepped in the cubicle beside her and braced a shoulder against the wall. As usual, the rapid descent caused the floor to buckle and pitch beneath him. Damn, he hated this. He didn't even want to consider what he'd do if the doc was wrong and the vertigo didn't go away.

It will go away. It has to.

"Are you okay?" she asked.

"Fine."

"Then why do you have a white-knuckle grip on the railing? Are you claustrophobic?"

"Sugar, I spend hours strapped in a race car. Drivers can't be claustrophobic."

She fixed him with her patented get-over-yourself stare.

"Balance problems," he admitted grudgingly several seconds later.

"From the wreck?"

"Yeah."

"Is it just sudden movements or all movement? Up and down? Or lateral, too?" She'd kicked into nurse mode. It turned him on.

Sad, Haynes. Sad.

"Sudden. Whichever way."

The elevator doors opened. She linked her arm through his elbow. "Lean on me if you need to."

He wasn't about to tell her the dizziness had passed-not when he had her close enough to smell the flowery scent of her hair and feel the warm softness of her breast against his arm. "Car should be out front."

Her sandals clicked-clacked across the marble floor. Another first. He was used to her in those god-awful ugly but silent nursing shoes. The tap-tap-tap of her heels danced along his already attentive nerves, jacking his awareness of her up another level.

The driver he'd hired opened the rear door to a black Benz as they approached. Amelia's steps slowed. "You weren't kidding about the limo. I've never ridden in one. I guess you have?"

He shrugged. "Racing's a fast life. Not just on the track. Limos, jets, helicopters are all part of the deal."

"Rented, right?" Her voice sounded tight. Her hazel eyes couldn't get any wider. She stared at the car as if she expected it to bite.

"The limos are rented. The rest we own."

The shocked gaze bounced back to him. "You own jets and helicopters?"

"Haynes Racing Inc. owns two private jets and a chopper plus an assortment of haulers and motor homes. We keep pilots and drivers for each on salary."

"That seems a little...extravagant."

"Getting to and from racetracks and appearances is part of the job, and a lot of business is conducted during the ride. Most teams are similarly equipped. It's just transportation, Amelia. You get used to it."

"Teams? I thought you were just a driver."

Just a driver. His muscles knotted. She knew nothing about him. And she sure as hell didn't know about his old man's prediction that Toby would never amount to anything.

You're just a pretty face, Tobias. You'll never be nothing else. And when yer looks and charm dry up you'll be just a outta-work bum like me.

A drunk outta-work bum with a mean streak a mile wide and a razor-sharp tongue despite the slurring words.

Toby shook off the bitter memory. He'd scrapped and fought to make sure he wasn't "just a" anything. His talent, interests and finances were carefully diversified. These days you couldn't pick up a sports magazine without finding an article about him between the covers, and stories about HRI filled the pages of racing magazines and a few business journals. He loved every aspect of his business, from push broom to promotion.

Fans and fame had their perks, but he had to admit it was nice to be an unrecognized regular guy-for the most part-in Monaco. "I own HRI. We run three race teams and drivers."

Most women would be impressed with the wealth and power involved in being a team owner as well as a top driver. Apparently not this one. Amelia's lips pursed as if she'd sucked a lemon. She blinked and eyed the hotel as if considering going back inside.

He unhooked their arms and stroked a hand down her spine, stopping an inch short of her butt-not because he wanted to but because she was skittish. He nudged her forward. "Breakfast is waiting. Climb in."

She entered the limo slowly, her head turning every which way, as if she were afraid she'd miss some minute detail. He tended to take a comfortable ride for granted. There were always people to get him where he needed to go, and since he couldn't drive until his head cleared up, having a driver in Monaco was a necessity.

Amelia settled on the bench seat and caressed the dove-gray glove-soft leather slow and easy, as if committing each inch to memory. The way she'd stroked him that night. His muscles clenched. He released a pent-up breath on a silent whistle and followed her in, but instead of sitting beside her he settled across from her so he could watch her captivated expression.

"Sir?" The driver's voice forced Toby's attention away from Amelia's killer legs. Louis extended a tray with two coffee cups, a carafe and a plate of eclairs.

Toby took it from him. "Thanks, Louis."

"You're welcome, sir." Louis closed the door and circled the car to climb behind the wheel.

Toby sat the tray on the seat beside Amelia. The suck-a-lemon look replaced the enchantment on her face. "It won't work."

"What?"

"Trying to soften me up with my favorite foods."

Okay, so he wasn't above using whatever leverage he had to woo her back between the sheets.

"Just ordering something you said you liked." He filled the coffee mugs and then slid back to fasten his seat belt. "I'd rather be serving you breakfast in bed."

She rolled her eyes, buckled herself in and then reached for a china cup. "Give it up, Toby. I'm not going to sleep with you again."

"Ever hear it's not wise to challenge a driver? We're a competitive bunch."

The car eased away from the curb. She pinched off a corner of an eclair and popped it between her lips. The blissful expression on her face had him shifting for a more comfortable position, but the slow glide of her tongue sweeping her icing-covered lips convinced him there wasn't one. His pants were cutting off circulation to one of his favorite parts. He straightened his legs in the space between the seats.

Her gaze found his. "Why can't you accept that I'm not interested and give up?"

"Because you strip me nak*d with your eyes every time we're in the same room."

She choked on a bite of eclair, chewed rapidly and gulped coffee. "I do not."

Her scandalized whisper sparked another flashback to their night together. "Sugar, you can tease me all you want, but don't lie. Not to me. Not to yourself. You want me."

She opened her mouth to argue, closed it again and then frowned at him. Her fingers fussed with the ruffled hem of her dress, and each pleating fidget lifted her skirt an inch or two and flashed him a glimpse of smooth upper thighs. "I do not tease."

He couldn't help laughing. He nodded to her restless fingers. "You do it without even trying. And, sugar, you slay me. Every time."

Her gaze dropped to her lap. She flattened her hand and then looked at the bulge behind his zipper. Her eyes widened and her lips parted. She ducked her head and focused on finishing her pastry with the intensity of a brain surgeon at work.

How could a woman be so totally unaware of her appeal? And why did this scrawny little gal turn him on with zero effort when others couldn't do so with a bag full of tricks?

He'd find out. And once he did, like any magic trick, she wouldn't impress him once he knew the secret.

Toby Haynes was her worst nightmare.

An adrenaline junkie.

Times three.

It wasn't enough for him to drive at breakneck speeds. He enabled others to do so, too.

She couldn't get back to her suite fast enough and hustled down the carpeted hall with one goal in mind-putting a wall between her and her tormentor. She just couldn't figure him out. Why her? And what was up with this morning?

The staggering opulence of the villa and the Churchill Suite at Hotel de Paris-the places Toby had chosen as possible settings for the luncheon and bridal shower-had set her romantic heart aflutter, but what rattled the most was how effortlessly Toby had fit into both places. He'd strolled into each venue wearing his faded jeans, battered boots and what felt like a silk shirt and looked right at home, whereas she'd been afraid to touch anything for fear of breaking something.

She stopped outside her door and scowled up at him. "You never had any intention of having a keg party, did you?"

His smile turned wicked and she knew she'd been had. Again. During those months visiting Vincent in the hospital, Toby had apparently relished getting a rise out of her. He'd provoked her at every opportunity.

"Is your good-ole-boy shtick just an act?"

"I grew up dirt-poor and barely made it through high school. Don't let a little spit shine fool you." He plucked her key card from her hand and opened her door. And then he put her key in his front pocket.

"Give me my key."

"Later. Let's hit the pool." He forced her into the suite by the simple act of moving forward. She could either hold her ground and end up plastered against him or get out of the way. A tiny reckless part of her wanted the former. Of course, she ignored that annoying, foolish voice and moved.

He closed the door, sealing them into the suite. All four bedroom doors stood open.

"Hello? Anybody here?" she called out. Silence greeted her and her heart sank. Her suitemates were out. So much for her plan to turn Toby over to one of the wedding party. She faced him. "I have things to do this afternoon."

"What could be more interesting than spending time with the best man?"

"I'd like to go sightseeing. Alone."

"I'll set something up. Tomorrow."

"I don't want to go swimming." Lovely. Now she sounded like a fractious child.

She hadn't visited the pool and rooftop garden yet, and while she'd like to, she'd prefer to save that experience for later, when Toby wasn't in the building. Or the principality. Wearing a swimsuit seemed half-dressed-and half-dressed was almost nak*d. And nak*d was not something she wanted to be around tempta-ahem-Toby.

"Not much point in having a private pool and hot tub if we never use 'em. And the sign says Clothing Optional." His eyebrows waggled.

Her jaw dropped open. She snapped it closed. He could not be serious. "Not interested."

He checked his watch-an expensive-looking ultrathin gold piece. "Lunch will be served on the patio poolside."

She folded her arms and stubbornly shook her head.

A muscle twitched in his jaw and his unblinking stare pinned her to the carpet. "I'm not supposed to swim alone."

Her molars clicked together on that blatantly manipulative statement even though he looked as though he'd rather eat worms than admit it. Duty sucked and Candace would pay dearly for this. Amelia wasn't sure how yet, but her friend would definitely pay.

"I will have lunch with you because I'm hungry and I'll sit in the garden while you swim with your trunks on. I have to deal with nak*d men at work all the time. I shouldn't have to suffer them on my vacation."

Wait. That didn't sound quite right.

And watching Toby's buff body wouldn't exactly be an arduous chore. Unfortunately. Keeping her common sense and hormones separated would be the real challenge. She needed to build a mental Wall of China between the two warring factions of her brain.

"Spoilsport." He winked. "But I'll make you a deal. I'll wear my suit if you'll wear yours."

She bit back a frustrated growl and barely resisted the urge to stomp her feet like the spoiled daddy's princess she'd been before her father's injury. "You are a master manipulator."

That smile-the toe-curling one she detested-slid across his lips again. "I'm a master of many things. As you well know. Making you sing, for one. How many orgasms did you have that night? A record-breaking number, didn't you say?"

Seeds of her mother's infamous temper cracked open inside her, and tendrils of fury sprouted, shooting for an outlet-her mouth. Her teen years had been filled with hurtful words shouted through the house, and it frightened her that she wanted-no, needed-to bellow and throw things at Toby. But she wouldn't. She had more control than that. But just in case, she turned on her heel, stomped into her bedroom and shut the door.

A knock sounded before she could lock herself in the bathroom. "If you're not by the pool in twenty minutes, I'm coming back and hauling you out. With or without your suit."

She threw her sandal at the door and then stared aghast and pressed her hands against her cheeks. She never had tantrums. Ever.

Toby Haynes brought out the worst in her, and that was why, no matter what he said or did, she could not afford to get involved with him again.

But how could she avoid certain disaster?

Focus on his injury.

Treat him like a patient.

You never have sex with your patients.

Amelia had ditched him again.

Ticked off, frustrated and determined to track her down, Toby exited her empty suite just as the elevator chimed.

Amelia stepped out of the cubicle and scowled. "Were you in my room?"

"Yep. Went to get you. Said I would." He took in the filmy black fabric covering her to midthigh, her bare legs, the sparkly sandals on her feet and the shopping bag in her hand. She'd changed into her swimsuit. Score one for the Haynes team. "Where have you been?"

"I had to buy sunscreen and get a new key since mine was stolen."

"Borrowed." He pushed open the door to the pool area and the sharp tang of chlorine filled his nose. "Water's waiting."

But Amelia didn't move. She tilted her head, sending her hair gliding across her shoulders. His gut clenched in memory of the caress of those silky strands.

Great. Now he had a hair fetish to go with his AWOL equilibrium and a ban from the track.

"You thought I'd stood you up, didn't you?"

He refused to reply.

"Not used to women saying no, Toby?"

No, he wasn't. In fact, he received more offers each season than an entire football team could handle-and he was usually the one who said no thanks.

"I want to swim. I may be sidelined from racing, but I still need to stay in shape." And according to the doctor, he needed a babysitter to do it. That irked the hell out of him, but if he wanted to make up lost ground when he returned to the track, he'd need to have his A-game ready. No slacking off in his training schedule. His balance issues meant most of his favorite sports were out of the question. Temporarily. He had to stick to swimming and working out in the hotel gym with a trainer.

Amelia's gaze, more green than gold at the moment, coasted over him, lingering on his bare legs. Every cell in his body sparked to life. She slipped past him though the door. He deliberately crowded her, savoring her gasp, her flowery scent and the brush of her body against his.

"You work out?" Her voice sounded a tad breathless. Good.

"Every day. Driving's more than just turning the wheel. A guy needs stamina-which I'm sure you recall is good other places besides the racetrack. What about you? You gonna be able to keep up with me, sugar? Here in the pool, I mean. We both know how well you handle me in other places."

She took off across the flagstones like a driver putting the hammer down in a qualifying race against the clock and called over her shoulder, "I can swim. How is your head? Any pain?"

"I'm fine. Looks like we have the pool to ourselves." Excellent.

She stopped ten yards away beside the deep end and faced him. "Does the bright light bother you? Are you having any other problems, like a decreased sense of smell?"

Her nurse voice clued him in, but still he asked, "Why?"

"Those, along with a compromised sense of taste, are common side effects of a concussion."

"I'm fine. But if you want to play doctor, I'm more than willing."

After giving him a disgusted eye roll, she turned a full circle to inspect the area. "This is beautiful. You'd never know we're on top of a building. It's more like an oasis, and with those tented double loungers I almost expect to see a sheikh stroll past."

Toby scanned what he hoped would be a setting for seduction to see what put that dreamy, awed note in her voice. Citrus trees and flowering plants overflowed from giant pots around the patio. The retractable roof had been opened to let in the sunlight. Despite being surrounded by four walls-walls you couldn't see because of the dense foliage-a gentle breeze rustled the leaves and stirred the air. Probably a well-concealed fan. It didn't do much to cool his overheated skin.

"Sheikh fantasies trip your trigger?"

Her nose lifted. "My fantasies are none of your business."

He loved it when she got snippy, because in the sack she was anything but uptight. He liked the contrast of the prim-and-proper nurse and the sensualist lover. "Wrong, sugar. Making your fantasies come true is my sole ambition."

He peeled off his shirt and tossed it on a lounger and then kicked off his leather flip-flops and rubbed his hands together in anticipation of caressing Amelia's pale, smooth skin. "Take off your top and let me help you with that sunscreen."

She stilled, and then a slow, smug little smile curved her lips as she deposited her bag in a chair, then reached into it and withdrew an aerosol can. "No, thanks. I bought the spray-on kind."

Sneaky. But he could get around that, especially since he knew she wanted to get her hands on him. Even now she checked out his pecs and abs and a flush darkened her cheekbones. His n**ples and groin tightened.

"Then you can rub in mine. I love the feel of your hands on me." Hell, he craved it. He'd lost count of the times he'd woken up hard in the past months from dreaming about her touch. Not even other women had blunted his need.

But that was only because Amelia had ended the affair before he'd had his fill of her. It was like leaving pit road with less than a full tank of gas or only two new tires. You'd have to come back sooner or later.

"I'll loan you my spray." She unbuttoned her cover-up. Each released button jacked his tachometer up another notch. By the time she shrugged off the concealing shirt his heart was racing and close to redlining.

Have mercy. Her chocolate-brown halter tankini didn't show much skin, but that top offered up her br**sts like an all-you-can-eat buffet. He couldn't wait to take a bite.

She stepped out of her sandals and bent to place them neatly beneath a lounge chair. His libido burned rubber in his gut at the sight of her butt in the brief bottoms. He clenched his fists on the need to cup her curves, ease the fabric down and slide into her slick heat from behind.

"I wish the food was here," she said as she straightened. "You could test it and tell me if your taste buds are altered."

He wanted to eat, all right, but food wasn't exactly what he had in mind.

"Don't you nursing types know you're not supposed to eat right before you swim?" His voice sounded hoarse. Eager to get his hands on her, he closed the distance between them. "Food's coming later. C'mon. Let's get wet together."

An irritated gurgle rumbled in her throat. She parked her hands on her hips, revealing a tempting sliver of pale skin between her top and bottom. "Do those ridiculous lines actually work for you?"

Yes, they did. Extremely well. Usually women giggled themselves silly over his good-ole-boy wit. But not Amelia.

Why was she playing hard to get? Despite what she'd said earlier, he didn't believe she only slept with guys offering the picket fence and the gold ring, because she'd slept with him before. Not that they'd done much actual sleeping that night. That could explain why he'd been comatose when she'd slipped out on him without a goodbye other than that cold note.

Did she like the chase? Had she dumped him so he'd have to pursue her again? Because there was no doubting she wanted him. She studied him the way a rookie does his first ride-with quick, shallow breaths, hungry eyes and twitchy fingers.

What game was she playing? Not one for which he had the rule book, that's for damn sure.

"You look good in that suit. Bet you look even better out of it."

She reached for him. Finally. Hallelujah.

But instead of twining herself around him she planted her palms on his chest and shoved. Toby wobbled and fought for balance. He caught Amelia's wrist and held on. If he was going in, she was coming with him.

The cool water closed over his head, muffling her shriek. For a second, the sudden movement disoriented him, but the silky tangle of her legs with his and his feet hitting the tile bottom centered him. He held her close and stared into her surprise-widened eyes through the clear water.

Tightening his arms around her, he pulled her close and kissed her. A hard press of his lips against hers. Nothing openmouthed or as hot as he wanted, because he didn't want to drown. At least not before he'd made Amelia Lambert pay for making him want her and walking away.

Four

Y ou don't drown your patients, nitwit.And you don't kiss them.

Amelia broke the surface, gasping for air and wondering where in the devil she'd left her common sense. Toby Haynes had once more goaded her into foolish behavior.

And that kiss...She wasn't going to think about it or how she'd almost coiled around him and kissed him back.

Toby surfaced a few yards away.

She tried to ignore her tingling lips and treaded water. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have pushed you. Are you okay?"

"C'mere." He swam toward her with a predatory glint in his eyes.

Uh-oh. You're in trouble now.

She sculled backward toward the ladder with her gaze locked on the man pursuing her. "Toby, I don't think horseplay is a good idea for a man in your condition."

"You started it." He kept coming.

"You needed cooling off. I thought you wanted to exercise."

"I do. But right now I want payback. You pushed me. You owe me."

"Oh, puh-lease. I agreed to lunch, not to be mauled by you." Her hand bumped the ladder. She gripped the cool metal tubing, but before she could swing around and climb out, Toby grasped the rails on either side of her body, caging her between the steel of the ladder at her back and his equally hard body in front. His strong legs trapped hers beneath the water. Warm. Hairy.

"Mauled?" He practically growled the word. His eyes narrowed to silvery-blue slits. "I remember you liking my hands and mouth on you. 'Touch me everywhere,' you said. Correction-you begged."

Yes, she had. Shamelessly. Heat pulsed through her. Gulping, she kept her eyes trained on his face despite the temptation to grasp his broad, muscular shoulders, press herself against his chest and relive that night.

Provoking him wasn't her best move. And reminding him that sleeping with him had been a mistake didn't seem like the wisest course of action at the moment either. As much as he liked challenges, he'd probably insist on proving her wrong.

Get a hold of yourself, Lambert, and get out of this. He may be sexy, but he is also hazardous. To himself and to you.

But how? A challenge?

"I bet you can't beat me in five laps. Or should we make it one? Are you up to a race at all?"

His nostrils flared at the implied insult. "Yes."

"If I win, you lay off the tiresome cliche macho come-ons for five minutes."

"And if I win..." His eyes narrowed. "I get five minutes."

She frowned. "Five minutes of what?"

"Whatever I want."

Her heart rat-a-tat-tatted like a snare drum. She shook her head with enough force to send her wet hair flying. "No."

"I'm not talking about screwing you, sugar. Even at my worst I take longer than five minutes."

A fact she knew all too well. She shivered despite the warmth of the water and the bright sun shining directly overhead.

She didn't gamble, but this was a safe bet. Toby might have a size advantage, he might even be in good shape, but she'd been on the swim team in high school and during her first two years in college. Since then she'd maintained a gym membership and still swam a mile three times a week. His powerful legs would give him a better push off, but if sudden changes of direction were a problem, she'd beat him in the turns. Surely he'd be eating her wake long before five laps?

"You'll keep your hands and penis to yourself?" His hands had wreaked havoc on her control that night. As had the rest of him.

"If you insist."

"I do." She prayed she wouldn't regret this. "Okay. Deal."

He rolled onto his back, displaying his calendar-hunk chest, muscle-gridded belly and narrow h*ps in brief black trunks as he swam toward the shallow end. "Need a head start?"

"No." She wouldn't take that much advantage. "Do you?"

He chuckled. "Nah."

She br**ststroked after him and realized that for the first time she was pursuing him instead of running in the opposite direction. The idea amused her.

Aroused her.

Worried her.

"Trying to psych me out, Amelia?"

She neutralized her expression. "Would it work?"

"Sugar, I play with the big boys. It's going to take more than an itty-bitty nurse to mess with my head."

She couldn't wait to humble him by beating him.

He reached the shallow end and stood. Water streamed from his body and glistened in his chest hair, reminding her of their shared middle-of-the-night shower ten months ago, of chasing droplets across his flesh with her tongue, of him doing the same to her. Goose bumps raced over her skin. Her breath quickened and her muscles tautened. She rolled her shoulders as she walked to the end of the pool, trying to shake off the time-robbing tension that could slow her pace.

Instead of lanes painted on the bottom of the pool to draw boundaries between her and Toby, the beautiful mosaic of tropical fish looked like a living coral reef beneath her. She knew from her guidebook that Monaco royalty had been heavily into oceanography since the 1800s. The legendary Jacques Cousteau had been director of the principality's Oceanographic Museum at one point. As soon as she could escape Toby, Amelia intended to tour the museum this afternoon. Without one irritating driver.

"Sure you're up to this?" she asked and placed a hand on the smooth rounded tile edge. "Five laps is a good distance."

"Chicken?" he countered, mimicking her crouch, and when she shook her head he said, "On three. One. Two. Three."

Amelia exploded off the wall. Toby bumped into her-not hard enough to hurt but enough to knock her off course. She sensed him stopping, standing, and heard him ask if she was all right, but she corrected her course and plowed onward without wasting precious seconds to reply. She wasn't an overly competitive person by nature, but this time she had to win. Had to.

He reached the first turn several lengths behind her, but by the second he was closing in. A quick turn and push and then-boom!-he bumped her again. Two things registered. First, she'd underestimated his swimming ability. And second, the turns knocked him sideways and into her path. She adjusted by widening the gap between them.

By the end of her third lap, allowing him five minutes of whatever started looking like a real possibility. A nightmare of possibility. She put everything she had into beating him. Her arms and legs protested her furious pace. Her lungs burned. But still he stayed abreast. She couldn't shake him-and she had to. Now. On this final stretch. But with the finish line in sight, he pulled ahead and she knew she was in trouble. She touched the side several seconds after him and slowly stood on rubbery legs.

What had she gotten herself into?

Toby leaned against the tiles, chest heaving, with a smug smile on his face and a promise in his blue eyes. The victor.

And she was the victim of her own foolish overconfidence. "The turns messed you up?"

"Yeah. You want to cry foul?"

"No." He would have beaten her whether he bumped her or not. "Okay, do your worst."

"I never do my worst."

The ego again. She sighed. "What's my forfeit, Toby?"

Before he could answer, the door opened on a pair of uniformed servers pushing a linen-draped table. Lunch had arrived.

"You'll have to wait and see." And with that he launched himself out of the pool in a rippling display of muscle, leaving her anticipat-dreading what was to come.

The fastest car didn't always win the race.

Toby's years in NASCAR had taught him that winning took patience, skill and strategy. Knowing when to hold your ground and when to make your move often meant the difference between first and forty-third place.

"Sure you want to stick with that no-hands rule?" he asked as he laid his cloth napkin on the table. His body idled like a perfectly set-up car waiting to be unleashed on a superspeedway.

Amelia's spoon clanked against her gelato bowl. "Yes."

"I'm good with my hands."

She inhaled deeply through her nose and exhaled again with exaggerated patience. "I know."

"And even better with my-"

"I know," she interrupted. A flush flagged her cheeks, and her hazel gaze skidded away from their romantic alcove.

The servers had set up the table in the shade of one of the tents tucked beneath trees and then discreetly departed, exactly as Toby had requested. A breeze stirred the gauzy drapes and strands of Amelia's drying hair.

His taste buds had gone on strike, but not because of his concussion. He'd been too busy thinking about her slender figure beneath that bathing suit and debating how he'd get her nak*d without using his hands.

He deliberately rubbed his bare feet against hers again beneath the linen tablecloth just because he liked hearing her breath hitch and watching the color rise under her skin. Unless memory had failed him-and he hoped it had-Amelia was easily the most responsive lover he'd ever had. Instead of little hidden pockets of pleasure, her entire body had been one contiguous erogenous zone. No matter where he'd touched, she'd responded. He wanted her to again.

He dragged his big toe along her instep. She abruptly jerked her feet away and shoved back her chair, but the tightening of her n**ples rewarded him.

He didn't doubt he could get her back in the sack with a little effort. Probably within the half hour if he used all his tricks. But he didn't want to have to chase her again tomorrow. This time he wanted to get her into his bed and keep her there until he was ready to let her go. That meant revising his plan, taking it slow and steady instead of pedal to the metal.

She'd be a delicious distraction from what he couldn't have, a race he could win and a hunger he could satisfy. God knows he needed a distraction from being away from the track and HRI.

"Toby, I have things to do today. What's my penalty?"

"I haven't decided yet. What are your plans for this afternoon?"

"Nothing you'd be interested in."

"Like?"

"Tourist stuff." She rose and shrugged on her cover-up. "Museums."

It stung a little that she didn't think he'd be interested in museums. Had she, like his father and countless others, written him off as a dumb jock? "I'll have the car waiting in thirty minutes."

"That's not necessary." She gathered her belongings. "And just for future reference, most women take more than thirty minutes to get dressed."

"Not you. You don't waste time caking your face with tubs of makeup that a guy's only gonna smear. After the museums we'll have dinner at the Italian restaurant Vincent's mother booked for the rehearsal dinner. She made reservations based on someone else's recommendation and she asked me to check it out and make sure it's suitable."

Resignation settled over Amelia's face, puckering her brows and tightening her mouth. He had her up against the wall and she knew it.

"Fine," she snapped through barely moving lips.

Strategy worked every time. Pretty soon Amelia would be his. But not today. Today he intended to enjoy the chase.

If anyone had told Amelia she'd enjoy the company of an egotistical, thrill-seeking, smooth-talking ladies' man like Toby Haynes, she would have suggested they have their head examined.

Her pulse skipped as he seated her at a corner table on the colonnade outside the dining room of the ritzy Italian restaurant. Her irregular heartbeat had nothing to do with the brush of Toby's lightly callused fingers against her nape as he lifted her hair over the back of the chair and everything to do with the breathtaking sunset over the Italian Riviera.

Who do you think you're fooling?

She sighed. Toby's seemingly incidental touches had tantalized, titillated and tortured her in the seven hours since they'd left the pool.

Seven hours. And not once had she wanted to smack him. She couldn't believe it. He'd apparently been on his best behavior, and if she was on edge, it was only because she kept waiting for him to collect her five-minute debt. She didn't doubt he would or that it would be physical. Intensely physical.

He might not have aggravated her with an unrelenting stream of flirtatious banter this afternoon, but he'd watched her. The way a predator watches prey it wants to consume. The way a man watches a woman he intends to bed.

The Oceanographic Museum and Aquarium had been as fascinating as she'd expected. But a museum she hadn't intended to visit-one Toby had coerced her into-had been the highlight of her day. Prince Rainier's extensive collection of antique cars and carriages had entranced her, reminding her of royal processions, old movies and Hollywood glamour. There had been the traditional Mercedes-Benzes and Rolls-Royces she'd expected as well as more exotic cars she'd never heard of. Toby's knowledgeable commentary had only enhanced the experience.

He settled across the table from her. A crisp white shirt stretched over his broad shoulders, accentuating his tan. Fine tufts of golden-blond curls peeked from his cuffs and open collar. "Tomorrow we'll tour the Venturi factory."

She startled when the waiter opened her napkin for her and laid it in her lap before handing her a menu. You didn't get service like that back in Charlotte-at least not in the restaurants she frequented. "What makes you think I'll spend tomorrow with you? You're not my tour guide."

"Because Vincent sent me over here so the bridal party could babysit me, and Candace has dumped me in your lap."

Surprised by his perceptiveness, she shifted in her seat. "You figured that out, huh?"

"Doesn't take a rocket scientist. Vincent wants me away from the track-and he's not averse to calling in a few favors to get what he wants."

Did Toby also realize Candace was shamelessly matchmaking? The idea was too humiliating to contemplate. "What's Venturi?"

"Venturi is a sports car manufacturer here in Monaco."

"Can't stay away from gas-guzzling big engines?"

He leveled a patient look on her and she had to look away. Okay, so she'd been needling him. But she didn't want to like him and today...today she'd enjoyed his company a little too much for comfort. Dangerous territory.

"Venturi has built GT racers for twenty years, but the model I'm interested in is an electric sports car. I want to see how they packed performance into a battery-powered vehicle. I can't test drive it, but you can. I'll ride shotgun and you'll tell me how she feels."

"Do I even want to know how much this car costs?"

"Six hundred."

"Thousand? Dollars?" He nodded and she gulped. "That's a few too many zeros for me. I'll pass."

"You'll love it." The wine steward arrived and Toby asked, "Wine?"

"No, thank you." She didn't dare weaken her willpower with alcohol. He sent the steward away without ordering.

"You shouldn't let me stop you from having wine with your dinner, Toby. Candace said Mrs. Reynard chose this restaurant specifically because of its famous wine cellar."

"I don't drink."

She frowned. Teetotaling didn't fit her image of the fast-living adrenaline junkie she knew him to be. How had she missed that ten months ago? "Why?"

"My dad was a drunk. A mean one. Don't want to turn out like him." He stated it matter-of-factly and opened the menu.

A fissure formed in her preconceived notions of him. "I'm sorry. I didn't know."

"I don't advertise it."

"Did he...hit you?"

"Until I knocked him on his ass."

Sympathy squeezed her heart. You couldn't work in health care and not deal with physical abuse at some time, but it still disturbed her. No matter how fiercely her parents had fought, they'd never hit each other or her. Thrown things? Definitely. But not at anyone. Verbal arrows were their weapons of choice, but even those had been aimed at each other and not Amelia.

"And your mother?"

"Got tired of his abuse and left the day I turned fifteen."

She struggled with the urge to comfort him even though he hadn't asked for it. In fact, his brusque manner discouraged it. "Not a great birthday gift."

"Better than watching him smack her around." Toby signaled the waiter, who immediately rushed over, thereby killing that line of discussion. "Brave enough to let me order for you?"

"I...okay. But I won't eat anything weird or icky."

His smile said Trust me, and then he ordered in Italian, his voice deep and shockingly sexy. The waiter departed and Toby answered her surprised gaze with a shrug. "I have an Italian Formula 1 guy working on my engine team. He taught me enough to get by."

"I'm impressed." That wasn't a lie. Unfortunately.

"Good." His eyes narrowed. "Bet you had a mom, apple-pie and homemade-cookies childhood."

Amelia blinked at the quick change of subject. "You'd lose that bet. My parents married because my mother got pregnant with me. By the time I turned twelve, Mom had decided to make good on her repeated threats to leave my father. We were due to move out the week dad had his accident. Mom stayed to take care of him."

"What kind of accident?"

"My father was a firefighter. He went back into an inferno to save a fallen comrade. The other firefighter died, and my father ended up paralyzed from the waist down. Mom can't forgive him for putting his coworkers ahead of his family. And she makes sure he knows it every single day."

Stunned by her confession, Amelia ducked her head and studied her knotted fingers. Why had she told him that? She'd never discussed her dysfunctional family with anyone. Not even Candace, her best friend, knew the whole truth or Amelia's shameful secret.

For most of her teen years Amelia had secretly wished her mother would pack up and move out instead of staying behind to martyr herself caring for her injured husband. Life would have been much more peaceful if she'd left Amelia with her father.

But that was a boat of guilt she'd rather not row tonight.

Toby reached across the table. She abruptly leaned back in her chair to avoid contact. Accepting comfort from him had landed her in trouble the last time.

He narrowed his eyes. "You chose nursing because of your father."

"I liked helping him and making him comfortable." Looking after her father after school and on weekends had given her mother a much-needed break from being caretaker and her father a break from her mother's acid barbs and tantrums.

"Do you ever hear from your mother now that you're famous?" she asked Toby in an attempt to change the subject.

"She called. Once." The single hard-bitten word discouraged Amelia from asking for details, but it didn't stop her.

"What did she say?"

"She wanted money. What else?"

"I'm sorry."

The server placed their drinks and antipasto on the table and then left.

Toby nudged her foot beneath the table and winked. That invitation-to-sin smile slanted his mouth. "Hey, you're sitting across from NASCAR's sexiest driver. Lose the long face before you ruin my reputation. Unless you want to blow this joint and head back to my suite...."

The playboy had returned. That wasn't disappointment weighting her stomach, was it? Toby was a lot easier to resist when he was trying to get her nak*d than when he was being nice.

And then something clicked. She'd asked about his mother and opened a door-a door he clearly wasn't ready to let her pass through. "Do you act like a jerk to keep people at a distance?"

His head snapped back and his nostrils flared, confirming the accuracy of her statement. Something flashed in his eyes but passed so quickly she couldn't identify it. And then his expression turned salacious. "So we're gonna play head doctor? My couch or yours, sugar?"

She tried to rally her exasperation but failed. The damage had already been done. She'd had a peek past the charming facade Toby Haynes wore like armor and seen vulnerability. Seeing his pain made her want to help him.

For the first time in her life she cursed her compassionate nature. And she hoped it wouldn't get her into trouble.

Safety lay on the opposite side of that door.

Conflicting emotions tumbled in Amelia's head and agitated her stomach. She turned outside her suite with a quick but cool thanks-for-dinner-and-good-night hovering on her lips, but those words froze at Toby's closer-than-expected proximity. Her spine thumped into the jamb as she jumped back. He'd invaded her space while she'd been busy formulating a plan to escape unscathed.

Toby lifted a hand and leaned closer, but he only planted his palm on the wall beside her head. Scant inches separated their bodies, and his breath swept softly over her overheated face. But he didn't touch her. His gaze held hers, slid slowly to her lips and then returned to stare intently into her eyes for a dozen heart-pounding moments.

Would her five-minute punishment be a long kiss good-night?

She didn't want him to kiss her. His kisses muddled her thinking and made her act rashly. And yet she couldn't seem to persuade her leaden limbs to move her out of his way.

Her mouth dried. She swallowed.

His scent, a lethal combination of musky male and cologne, teased her nostrils. Warmth radiated from him, permeating the thin fabric of her dress.

Just do it. Make me pay already.

She wanted it over. The kiss. The embrace. This stupid fascination. The madness.

He reached past her with his other arm. She closed her eyes and steeled herself for the impact of his hand on her waist and his lips on hers, but instead of the heat and strength of him pulling her into his arms, her sluggish brain registered the hum and click of the electronic door lock. Her lids flickered open. Her key cut into her palm. That meant he must have used his-the one he'd stolen earlier.

He pushed the door open an inch and then shifted his leg to plant his shoe in the gap. The movement pressed the inside of his thigh against the outside of her hip. Hot. Hard. She vaguely registered the quiet cadence of the television coming from the sitting room. At least one of her suitemates was in.

He lifted her hand and wrapped her fingers around the knob. "Hold on."

And then he stroked a finger along her jaw and down her neck to trace the shoulder strap of her dress. Back to front. Scapula to clavicle. His slightly roughened skin raised goose bumps on her arms and shoulders, and her heart nearly battered a hole through her ribs.

"Be ready at nine tomorrow, sweet Amelia." Lowering his hand, Toby eased back and then he turned on his heel, strolled down the hall and disappeared into his own room. His door clicked shut behind him.

Her lungs emptied in a dizzying gush and her fingers contracted on cold metal. She sagged against the wall.

He hadn't kissed her.

She wasn't disappointed.

No. Uh-uh. She wasn't. Not even a little bit.

Just because she'd seen a less jerklike side of Toby today and she'd actually enjoyed his company for once didn't mean she liked him or wanted him to kiss her. Not tonight. Not ever again.

Liar.

She sucked in a sharp breath and plunged into the suite. Candace sat on the sofa surrounded by a rainbow of fabric samples.

"He knows," Amelia blurted. "Toby knows Vincent asked us to watch him. And he knows you've dumped him on me. His words. Not mine."

Candace's wily smile made Amelia's skin prickle. "I always thought Toby was smarter than he let on. That man can play good ole boy better than any Oscar-winning actor when it suits him. But he's smarter than that. If he weren't, Vincent wouldn't invest twenty-million bucks in his race teams every year."

"Twenty million?" Amelia squeaked. At Candace's nod, Amelia's purse slipped from her fingers and bounced on the coffee table. Toby lived in an affluent world she couldn't even begin to imagine. "One of you needs to take a turn with him tomorrow."

"We're all tied up. You're the only one free."

Amelia's temper stirred. "You have no intention of taking a turn, do you?"

"I'm busy. I have a wedding to plan."

"I'm your maid of honor. I'm supposed to be helping you."

"You are helping me by watching Toby. Vincent loves him like a brother. I can't let anything happen to him. And you're the one most qualified to ensure that it doesn't."

"Not fair. Madeline is a physician's assistant. She's had more training than me."

"Madeline has embarked on a holiday affair with her tour guide. Amelia, you know her ex did a hatchet job on her self-esteem. She needs this time to heal."

Unfortunately Amelia knew and agreed. Madeline's exfiance, a doctor who'd worked at the hospital with them, had publicly humiliated her friend and destroyed Madeline's confidence when he walked out of their six-year engagement. Madeline deserved whatever happiness she could find.

The fight drained out of Amelia and an ice block of dread crystallized in her stomach. "I know she needs a boost right now. But, Candace, Toby's just like-"

She stopped. Just like my father.

This should be the happiest and most exciting time of Candace's life. If Amelia dumped her pitiful family history on her friend, she could ruin that. Could she live with being a wet blanket?

"I'm pregnant," Candace confessed before Amelia could make up her mind.

"What?"

"It's a secret. Please don't mention it to anyone. I'm avoiding Toby because I'm afraid he'll figure it out and tell Vincent before I can. I want to tell Vincent he's going to be a father in person, and that means not telling anyone until after I can do that. Can I count on you to keep my secret, Amelia?"

"But Vincent won't be here for weeks. He's tied up at the new hotel."

"Right. It's going to be hard keeping this quiet. I haven't been sick much, but I do sleep a lot. And-gag me-I am craving sardines. Eeew. It's like eating cat food, but I can't seem to get enough."

Amelia forced a smile. As happy as she was for her friend, she could feel a rising tide of panic. She'd been saddled with a man who could totally wreck her plan for a peaceful life, a man who'd already made her do impulsive and intoxicating things she regretted. A man who made her want to do those things again.

"Nobody will hear your news from me. Congratulations."

Candace stood and hugged her. "You're the best."

"That's what friends are for. But I will need some relief from Toby."

"I'll see what I can do."

But Amelia suspected whatever Candace arranged wouldn't be enough. She was on her own and in serious trouble.

Five

Toby Haynes had the machismo, charisma or whatever it was that sucked all the oxygen out of a room the moment he entered. The small confines of the car only intensified that effect."Are you crazy?" Amelia whispered as Toby folded himself into the passenger seat. "We can't just take a six-hundred-thousand-dollar vehicle and leave the country."

"It's insured. And the dealer knows where we're headed. He even recommended his brother's bistro for lunch. Work for you?"

She tightened her already white-knuckle grip on the steering wheel. "I can't think about food. My stomach is tied in knots. This car costs almost as much as I make in a decade."

"I've got you covered. Just enjoy the drive."

She wanted to. Impractical as it may be, she'd fallen in love with the adorable sports car on sight. The smell. The bold cobalt paint. The way the leather seats cradled her body like a spooning lover.

Don't go there.

The total absurdity of the price made sitting behind the wheel feel more like fantasy than reality. Forget Cinderella and her fancy pumpkin coach. This was a ride to be envied. Too bad Amelia had always been and always would be the sensible-sedan type when it came to actually purchasing a vehicle. And she never would have dared to test-drive a car she couldn't afford.

Toby leaned across her. His shoulder pressed hers and his springy hair brushed her chin. The clean tang of his shampoo combined with his nearness to make her head spin. He grabbed her seat belt and strapped her in and then turned his head. Scant inches separated their mouths.

Her breath caught and her skin tingled. "But-"

"Sugar, if you're as crazy about celebrities as Candace says you are, then you know you want to see Cannes."

"Well, yes, but..." She wanted to match her handprints to the ones in Allee des Stars, the French version of Grauman's Chinese Theater, where celebrities who'd attended the famous Cannes Film Festival had left handprints in concrete. But she'd planned to travel by train. Alone. Without the temptation of a man and a car she couldn't afford. And darn Candace for revealing her plans. "It's an electric car. What if the battery dies?"

"It's less than forty miles. We'll make it." He sat back and fastened his seat belt. "Quit making excuses and drive."

She bit her lip and wrinkled her nose. "You're not going to let me weasel out of this, are you?"

His eyes twinkled and his teeth flashed in a wolfish smile. "Not a chance. Let's go."

Part of her wanted to do as he suggested and live a little, but her sensible side kept her foot on the brake. "They drive fast in Europe."

"A hundred and thirty kilometers per hour sounds fast, but it's only eighty-one miles per hour. You can't tell me you've never driven eighty on an interstate." His palm spread over her bare knee and squeezed, sending shock waves of sensation through her. "Amelia, I have every confidence you can handle this car as well as you handle me. C'mon, take me for a ride. You know you want to."

Take me for a ride. You know you want to. Heat imploded inside her. He'd said those same words ten months ago after rolling on his back and dragging her on top of him.

That night she'd ridden him until her thighs burned. And then, sated and drained, she'd melted over him like ice cream on hot apple pie.

She could not think about him and sex and still drive. She picked up his hand, returned it to his side of the console and put the car in gear. Her foot slipped on the clutch and the tires squealed. She flinched.

"Now you're talking. Let's see what this baby will do." He patted the dash.

She shot a worried glance at the salesman who'd given them the tour of the production facility and then the car keys. The man smiled and bowed as she left the parking lot, acting as if people drove away with six-hundred-thousand-dollar cars they hadn't paid for every day. Maybe the rich did. But she wasn't rich, and driving a vehicle that cost as much as a McMansion parked her heart in her throat and made her palms sweat on the leather-encased steering wheel.

Toby read the driving directions the salesman had provided, and all too soon Monaco faded from her rearview mirror and they merged onto A8. The car handled like a dream, and within minutes she got over her initial panic and relaxed. She felt a little like a butterfly breaking free of her cocoon. While she drank in the scenery of southern France, Toby focused on the dials and gauges and asked a steady stream of questions about how the car handled.

"Give her some juice," he prompted after they passed the exit to Nice. "Get a feel for her and then I want you to push her to the edge."

Amelia's heart stuttered. "The edge of what?"

"Control. I want to see what she's made of."

Something in his voice drew her attention. She glanced at him and saw a yearning in his eyes before he turned away. "You really miss this, don't you?"

He wiped a hand down his face. "Yeah. And it's killing me not to put her through her paces. But I wouldn't risk you, me or the other drivers on the road by getting behind the wheel before I'm cleared."

That didn't sound like an adrenaline junkie who never considered the costs of his actions or like a man who'd had to be forced out of the country to keep him off the racetrack.

Stealing quick peeks at him, she nibbled her lip and accelerated. Had she misjudged him? No. His career said it all. Drivers died at racetracks. And the NASCAR fans she knew watched for the excitement of the wrecks.

Car racing was a dangerous sport. Look at Vincent. He'd be scarred for life as a result of a racing mishap-and he'd been an innocent bystander. Toby had chosen a dangerous profession and he didn't even have the benefit of saving lives as her father had had to offset that risk.

They rode in silence past town names she could barely pronounce, and then she asked the question that had been nagging at her since she'd found out about his injury. "Have you considered what you'll do if you can't drive again?"

"No need to think about it. Doc says I'll be ready for qualifying in four weeks."

But the idea had occurred to him. She could see the concern furrowing his brow and tightening his mouth.

"Cars are like women," he said. "Some are loose. Some are tight."

And the playboy rides in again with a change of subject. This time she instantly recognized the defense mechanism for what it was, but she let him get away with it because maybe he wasn't ready to face the idea that his career could be over. In all likelihood, his concussion would resolve itself. But head injuries were tricky. There was a chance he wouldn't improve or that he wouldn't heal as quickly as he hoped.

Patients often had trouble coming to terms with learning that sometimes no amount of medical intervention or wishful thinking could return things to the way they used to be. Her father had fought for years before admitting he'd never walk again.

"Explain your sexist comment."

Toby chuckled. She wished he wouldn't. That low rumbling sound made it difficult to concentrate on anything but the man beside her.

"Racing lingo. Loose means her rear end wiggles. She slides out from under you on the curves. Tight means she won't go where you steer her. She's unresponsive. And like a woman, you need to read her every move and adjust your approach to get the most pleasure and performance out of her."

A disgusted noise climbed her throat. "Must you make every conversation about sex?"

"Sugar, I'm talking about the car. If you're thinking about sex, it's because you're fixated on that night. Same as me."

Gulp. Guilty. "Maybe you're giving yourself too much credit."

"Nah. You want me." Cocky. Confident. Correct.

She could lie and deny it, but what was the point when they both knew the truth? But this time she wouldn't let her wants make her forget the possible consequences.

She followed the signs to Boulevard de la Croisette and followed Toby's directions past palm trees and parks, luxury hotels, galleries and designer boutiques. According to her guidebook, this is where the stars shopped-and for a moment, riding in her borrowed carriage, she felt almost as if she fit in.

She found a parking space near the restaurant, pulled in and turned in her seat. "Wanting you is irrelevant. I told you-I'm looking for a husband and I refuse to marry someone with an occupation even more dangerous than my father's."

Toby's gaze held hers. "Nobody but you mentioned marriage. Amelia, you're hot, the hottest woman I've been with in a long time, but I'm not ever going to get married. A racing career's hell on a marriage. Drivers spend more time on the road than at home. Even if it weren't so tough, I don't exactly have a great example to follow. That doesn't mean we can't have a good time in Monaco. You can look for Mr. Picket Fence when you get home."

She should be offended. Seriously offended. He'd just admitted all he wanted from her was sex. Most guys at least tried to fake interest in more. Other than Toby, she'd always been one of those women who had to care deeply for a man before she slept with him, which meant-whether they faked it or not-there hadn't been many men in her bed.

But now that she suspected Toby used tired lines and cliched come-ons to keep his distance, she couldn't seem to muster outrage. Instead the temptation to do exactly as he suggested and dive into an affair tugged at her.

How totally unlike her pragmatic self.

She wouldn't consider his suggestion.

No. She wouldn't. Not even for a minute.

So why did the idea bedevil her like a bad case of poison ivy?

Amelia would have whiplash before she finished her dessert, Toby concluded.

Framed photographs of celebrities lined the restaurant walls. Movie and TV stars. Musicians. World leaders. Royalty.

An American sitcom star and his babe du jour occupied a table a few yards away, and in the back corner of the crowded beachfront restaurant an aging rock star was putting the moves on a woman young enough to be his granddaughter. Amelia's eyes were wide and awed as she tried to gawk without being obvious.

So why did these people rate the star treatment when she had no problem shooting him down? He could use a little of that hero worship if it meant getting her back into the sack.

On second thought, it was because she didn't brownnose and she hadn't slept with him because of who he was that he liked Amelia Lambert. Not that there weren't plenty of other reasons to be attracted. Such as her killer long legs, her sexpot mouth and her cute little butt.

Movement drew Toby's gaze away from the woman causing his blood to drain from his brain, and he spotted the restaurateur-the car salesman's brother-approaching with a camera.

Being a NASCAR driver meant being accessible to the fans no matter what you were doing or which continent you were on. The only place Toby had guaranteed privacy was inside his locked and gated estate. He pushed his empty plate aside and switched into promo gear.

"Monsieur Haynes, could I beg you for a picture and an autograph?"

"Happy to, Henri." And he meant it. Every fan, every autograph request rewarded him for years of hard work and sacrifice.

The man glanced at Amelia. "You and mademoiselle?"

"No, I'm not his girlfriend," Amelia answered too quickly for Toby's liking.

He dragged out his trademark grin. The camera flash temporarily blinded him. Even before the spots faded he accepted a black marker, signed the autograph-covered menu the manager put in front of him and then passed it back. He looked back at Amelia in time to see granddaddy rock star's hand descend on her shoulder. She stiffened and so did Toby. Her wide-eyed gaze bounced from Toby to the long-haired, big-lipped guy and back.

Toby's gut clenched and his lunch turned to battery acid in his belly.

"Great to see you, Toby," the musician said without bothering to introduce himself. "Nasty crash. You had me worried when you didn't drop the net and climb from the car. Glad to see you up and about. Used some of your footage in my last video."

"Right. I saw that. Good CD. We play it in the shop." But he'd take a sledgehammer to the disk if the guy didn't get his veiny, age-spotted paw off Amelia. She was his-for now-and he wasn't sharing.

"When will you be back on the track?"

"Chicagoland. I'm taking some personal time till then."

"I can see why you would." The guy's fingers squeezed Amelia's pale flesh and his lecherous gaze looked down her top.

Toby wanted to slug him.

What? Are you jealous?

Hell no. But he didn't like the guy looking at Amelia as if she were some groupie who could be had.

"I'll be watching the race. My money's on you." The guy returned to his jailbait chickadee.

"You know him?" Amelia whispered, her hand covering the area where the guy's had been. In adulation? Or was she wiping away the creep's touch?

"Never met him."

"But he seems to know you."

"That's the way it is in the public eye. People read about you and think they know you."

She bit her lip, lowered her hand and her gaze.

He remembered her fascination with entertainment rags and wanted his bitter words back. But he couldn't erase what he'd said, so he tossed a handful of bills on the table and stood. "If you want to see the handprints before we head back, we have to get moving."

The TV guy waved. Toby nodded but kept walking toward the exit. Several other patrons' heads turned as if they were trying to figure out who he was. Or maybe they were looking to see who his woman du jour was.

God knows he'd had his share of flashy, willing females on his arm, but he didn't like the idea of anyone shoving Amelia into that category and he didn't want the tabloids printing her picture or exposing her to that kind of talk. Most of the women he escorted wanted the exposure. He'd bet HRI Amelia wouldn't enjoy the attention.

She glanced toward the actor. "Do you know him?"

"No." As much as he wanted to get her away from public scrutiny and speculation, he realized star sightings were probably a big deal to her. Although he couldn't picture her yanking up her shirt and asking a guy to sign her boob. Toby had signed more cl**vage than he could count. Fans asked for autographs on the damnedest things. "Did you want an introduction or autograph?"

"No. I don't want to intrude. Let's go." She didn't speak again until they'd walked a couple of blocks from the restaurant. There was a speculative quality to her gaze when she looked up at him. "I guess I never considered you one of them."

"Them?"

"A celebrity."

"Does that mean you want to jump my bones now that you do?"

The familiar gurgle of disgust burst from her lips, making him smile. He'd grown attached to that sound. He'd lain in bed too many nights thinking of ways to provoke it and then to turn it into that whimper she made when she cli**xed.

"In your dreams."

"Every night, sugar." Sad fact-that wasn't a lie. His smile faded.

"Do you meet a lot of stars?"

"Enough. Drivers make appearances for their sponsors. NASCAR's big on fund-raisers and charity events."

Her eyebrows shot up. "Charity events? You?"

She didn't think much of him and that bothered him more than it should. Since his father, he hadn't worried about anyone's approval except his own. So why her? Why did this uptight nurse's opinion matter?

He didn't have the answer. The only thing he knew for sure was that his patience for getting her nak*d was shrinking fast while other parts of him weren't. Taking it slow and easy wasn't getting him anywhere in his quest to get her into his bed and out of his system. Maybe it was time to scrap that plan and turn up the heat.

"I support several charities besides the Haynes Foundation. I came from nothing. It's my duty to give back."

The sun beat down, reflecting off the sidewalks, glass storefronts and car windshields, driving shards of pain through his head.

"That's a really nice thing to do, Toby."

The approval in her soft voice made him feel ten feet tall and bulletproof. He wanted to kiss her so bad he couldn't see straight. Hell, he wanted to drag her into the nearest hotel and lose himself inside her long enough to forget the races he was missing and the fear that he might not be back in the car for Chicagoland. Or ever.

Amelia took his arm and steered him toward a shop. "The sunlight's bothering you. You need to buy some sunglasses before you get a headache."

Nurse mode. His engine revved. As much as he hated hospitals-and he'd seen the inside of several-it was disgusting how easily her efficient take-charge demeanor turned him on. But it was more than a sexual turn-on. Amelia looked out for him. In the casino, the elevator, the pool, here. How long had it been since a woman-including his mother-gave a damn about him except for what she could get out of him? But he didn't dare let himself come to like or expect it, because in the end she'd let him down the way women invariably did.

He should cut his losses and push her away.

But he couldn't. Not yet.

Not until he'd relieved this itch. And he intended to start scratching it.

Tonight.

"I want my five minutes."

Toby's words stopped Amelia in her tracks. Her hotel key card flipped out of her hand and tumbled, as if in slow motion, to the carpeted hall floor. Adrenaline raced through her veins, flushing her skin and quickening her breaths.

Buying time, she took advantage of Toby's slowed reflexes and knelt quickly to retrieve the card before he could. And then she straightened ever so slowly before meeting his gaze. "Now?"

"Now."

She tried to gauge his mood by his tone and failed, tried to guess what her penalty would be from his expression with no better luck. His set jaw and level gaze gave nothing away. Nor had he said anything on the drive back to Monaco to hint at his intentions. In fact, he'd been unusually silent.

She wanted to fabricate an excuse for why this wasn't a good time, but the creative side of her brain was too busy running amok considering what he could do with five minutes to come up with logical reasons.

Making that wager had been stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stooopid. She didn't gamble, didn't bet. Heck, she'd never even joined the nurses' pool to buy lottery tickets. But she'd foolishly made an exception by wagering with Toby because she'd believed winning a sure thing.

And now she would pay for her recklessness.

"I, um...guess you could come in. I don't know if my roommates are in or out or-"

"My room."

Her mouth opened, but she couldn't speak and could barely drag a breath into her constricted chest. He strolled down the hall, extracted his key from the pocket of his khaki pants, unlocked his door and pushed it open. A tilt of his head indicated she precede him.

This was a mistake. But a promise was a promise. Wobbly legs carried her forward. Doubt sucked each step like deep mud.

Entering cautiously, she scanned his sitting room, noting the earthy Tuscan colors that were so different from the lighter, more feminine decor of the suite she shared with Candace and the bridesmaids. She halted beside the cognac-colored L-shaped leather sofa separating the sitting and dining areas. A wide balcony and a door leading to the bedroom were the only exits-neither a viable means of escape.

He stopped behind her, close but not touching. Her mouth dried. She dampened her lips and focused on the blue sky beyond the glass balcony doors. "What's my penance?"

"Eager, sugar?" The words were low, barely audible, like the rumble of thunder in the distance.

The fine hairs on her body rose as if an electrical storm crackled nearby. "Eager to get back to my room, yes."

"Drink?"

"No, thank you." She clutched her purse tighter. The lace edging the scooped neckline of her teal top rasped against her skin like a calloused fingertip with every shallow breath, and the hem of her denim skirt teased the back of her thighs like a lover's caress.

She'd been wearing this outfit for eight hours. Why had it suddenly become a source of tantalizing friction?

Because Toby was right. She'd fixated on that night, her mind rutted in a treacherous path that could only lead to trouble. Being alone with him made her think of sex. Of intense pleasure. Of impulses best ignored.

He reached around her, took her purse and tossed it on the coffee table. Her fingers fisted and her muscles tensed. She was a mature twenty-seven-year-old woman who dealt with life and death on a daily basis. She could handle five minutes of whatever Toby Haynes dished out.

She cleared her tight throat. "Do you have a timer?"

The air stirred as he shifted behind her and then she heard a click and a metallic chink. Toby's muscled forearm, tanned and sparsely dusted with dark golden curls, entered her peripheral vision. He offered his watch. His other arm encircled her and he pointed at a tiny button.

"Push that button when you're ready to start."

She took his watch in her hand. The gold carried the warmth of his body and burned her palm like a hot ember. "Y-you promised no hands and no p-"

"I remember." He lowered his arms and moved closer. Heat blanketed her back even though he didn't make contact. "Whenever you're ready."

She'd never be ready.

"Couldn't I just do your laundry or something?"

"Hotel does that."

Her thumb trembled above the button. Five minutes. Get it over with. His leather-and-lime scent surrounded her, and his breath stirred her hair. Do it. Her thumb contracted, starting the second hand. She concentrated on that tick-tick-tick and willed her heart to slow to the same steady beat. No such luck. It hammered three times as fast.

Toby's breath teased the sensitive skin beneath her right ear and his chest molded her back. The barrier of clothing did nothing to lessen the transference of heat. Sparks scattered through her bloodstream.

"You smell good."

"Um, thanks," she croaked. "Toby, this is not a good idea."

"Five minutes. Of whatever I want. You agreed." He nuzzled her temple, pressing his face to hers. His late-afternoon beard scraped deliciously against her cheek, contrasting with the smoother skin over his cheekbone. Soft lips teased the shell of her ear. The nip of his teeth on her earlobe startled a gasp from her.

Damn that promise. But if she held her ground and quit running, then maybe he'd quit chasing and give up the seduction attempts.

She kept her eyes open and tried to remain rigid and unresponsive as he trailed feathersoft kisses down her neck and across her shoulder. But she couldn't stop the tendrils of desire winding along her synapses. He painted a design on her skin with his tongue and then blew on her damp flesh, sending a shudder undulating through her.

Her lids grew heavy. Forcing them back open, she bent her head to check the watch. Only sixty seconds had passed.

He burrowed his way beneath her hair to nibble her nape. Goose bumps raised her skin. Her br**sts tightened. Ached. She wanted to lean against him, to surrender and turn in his arms. Instead she clamped her bottom lip between her teeth, stiffened her spine and lifted her chin to study the smooth ceiling.

His tongue laved the pulse point on the opposite side of her neck. He sipped from her jaw, the hollow of her cheek. She wanted to turn her head, wanted to join her lips to his, because heaven knows the man was a champion kisser. He stepped away, saving her from making an enormous mistake. And then he circled in front of her. His hunger-filled gaze devoured hers.

With his hands fisted beside him, he closed the gap between them, sandwiching the hand she'd clenched around his watch between her navel and his erection. She shifted her hand away from the burning contact, unintentionally stroking his length. He sucked in a sharp breath and then leaned forward and kissed her brow, her nose, the corner of her mouth.

Her lids fluttered shut. He was really, really good at this. She longed to touch him, to twine her arms around him, pull him close and surrender her mouth.

You're weakening. Restrain your impulses.

She turned her head and forced her sluggish brain to look at his watch and calculate time. It wasn't easy. Two minutes left. She needed something to concentrate on besides the magic of his touch. She started counting down the seconds. One hundred twenty. One hundred nineteen. One hundr-

Soft hair brushed the underside of her chin and then his tongue traced the lace edge of her top from one collarbone to the other, dipping low to lave the cl**vage created by the push-up bra Candace had insisted Amelia buy. A moan slipped past her lips.

Um...one hundred, um...seventeen. One hundred sixteen. One-

He bent lower and nuzzled her nipple through the fabric of her top. His teeth scraped the sensitized tip and his breath heated her flesh. She felt the caress deep in her womb and her thoughts scattered. The strain of resisting the urge to hurl herself into Toby's arms and his bed made her tremble.

She lost count. Where was she again? One-fifteen? One-ten?

And then he straightened. Time's up already? A sigh of relief-and maybe just a twinge of disappointment-gusted from her lungs, only to be dammed by his mouth. He kissed her hard enough to force her head back, granting him deeper access, and then he angled his head and swept his tongue between her lips to tangle with hers. Slick. Hot. Ravenous.

Her heart stumbled into a sprint. His chest scorched her br**sts. The cool metal of his belt buckle stamped her belly above the hot column of his erection. His thigh pressed between hers, creating a delicious friction against her center. She shifted her h*ps and pleasure bolted through her. Heat poured from him into her every pore, flooding each cell with hunger.

She wanted him. Wanted his touch, his possession, more of the driving need pulsing against her abdomen. No other man had ever aroused her to such an intense craving. No other man had ever wanted her with such obvious restrained hunger.

An annoying bleep penetrated her desire-fuddled brain. She ignored it, but Toby slowly lifted his head. She blinked, trying to gather her wayward thoughts, and tracked the sound to the watch in her hand-the hand currently tucked in the small of Toby's back.

He wasn't holding her and hadn't needed to. She'd wound her arms around his middle and plastered herself against him.

She didn't even remember moving. She snapped her arms back to her sides. Toby pried the watch from her numb fingers and silenced the annoying alarm.

Horrified by her lack of control, she staggered backward gasping for breath. One step. Two steps. Three. The coffee table bumped her calves, halting her.

"I-I have to g-go."

Toby's chest rose and fell as rapidly as hers. His dilated pupils almost obliterated his silvery-blue irises, and moisture from their kisses dampened his lips. "Stay."

She wanted to. Dear heavens, she wanted to. But she couldn't risk letting her hormones make her decisions. Shaking her head, she skirted the table, scooped up her purse and backed toward the door. "I can't do this."

"Amelia-" He lifted his hand and moved forward.

She clutched the doorknob so tightly her knuckles ached. "You're too much like my father, Toby. And I, apparently, am too much like my mother. Trust me, that is a horrible combination, and I won't end up like them."

Six

Amelia had barely slept. How could she when she'd realized she was no better than her mother at controlling her impulses?If Toby's watch alarm hadn't gone off, she would very likely have ended up in his bed, and that would have carried her one-hundred-eighty-degrees away from her goal of finding a gentle lover who would cherish her forever, one who wouldn't undercut her self-esteem with low blows and cutting insults or thoughtlessly risk his life.

And this time she couldn't blame her lack of restraint on alcohol or a disastrous week. This time the weakness lay solely within her.

She sat at the table in her suite Friday morning sipping cafe au lait and staring blindly at the Mediterranean while waiting for her roommates to join her. She loved their morning gatherings. As an only child, she'd experienced nothing like the camaraderie she'd found with Candace, Madeline and Stacy. Would she have felt a little less like the rope in a tug-of-war match if she'd had siblings to share the load?

Doesn't matter. The past is over. Focus on the future.

Candace wandered in looking pale and queasy. "G'morning, Amelia. You know, mothering us is not a maid-of-honor duty, but bless you for calling room service."

"Good morning." Amelia poured her friend a cup of steaming hot chocolate and pushed it across the table along with a plate of toast. Candace sipped with her eyes closed and then cautiously nibbled her bread.

Once Candace had regained some color, Amelia asked, "What's on the agenda today? I didn't see anything on the calendar except my massage this afternoon."

"We have to make a final decision about bridesmaid dresses this morning. Afterward we'll go to the Oceanographic Museum and then have lunch. Afternoon's your own. We'll meet up again at midnight for an excursion to Jimmy'z, the dance club in the Monte Carlo Sporting Club. The place is famous for celebrity sightings. You ought to love that."

"Sounds fun." Even if she wasn't exactly the clubbing type.

"You've seen the museum. You can skip it if you want."

"Will Toby be joining us?"

"He's spending his morning with Vincent's personal trainer. I don't know about tonight, but I'd guess with his equilibrium issues, dancing will not be high on his agenda."

An entire day without temptation. Tension drained from Amelia's limbs. "Then I'll join you. The museum is worth a second visit."

Stacy wandered in and headed for the coffeepot. "Hi."

The women chorused a greeting. Seconds later the outer suite door opened and a sweat-dampened Madeline entered wearing her running gear. She lifted her hand in a silent wave and crossed to the minifridge for a bottle of water.

"Working up a sweat with your sexy tour guide?" Candace asked.

"No. I was running off some of the rich food we've been scarfing down."

"That's too bad. I was hoping-"

Madeline groaned. "Please don't start matchmaking. Not everyone is looking for hearts and flowers and a husband."

Candace shook her head. "How can you not believe in love in a place like this?"

Madeline sipped her water. "I never said Monaco's not a very cool place. I can see why Vincent likes living here when he's not away on a job. But, despite the castles and princes, I'm not going to get caught up in the fairy tale."

"You could fall for your sexy tour guide," Amelia teased.

"Not a chance."

Amelia's heart ached for her friend. "Madeline, I hate to see you give up on love just because of one bad experience."

Madeline pointed the bottle in Amelia's direction. "Before you condemn me for not believing in forever, look in the mirror. You don't do long-term relationships either. In fact, you are the queen of short-term."

Taken aback, Amelia blinked. "What are you talking about? I was engaged."

Madeline flashed an apologetic smile toward Candace and then settled across the table from Amelia. "You know I love you like a sister, right?"

Uh-oh. Anything following that preface wouldn't be good. But she'd known and trusted Madeline almost as long as she had Candace. Bracing herself, Amelia set down her coffee cup. "Yes."

"I see a pattern in your relationships that I'm not sure you recognize."

"A pattern?" she parroted.

"You knew Neal's poor prognosis before Candace introduced you and yet you fell for him."

"Well, yes, but-"

Madeline held up a hand. "And you knew the Navy recruiter you dated before Neal was due to be reassigned in six months. We know you're not going to move away from Charlotte and your family as long as your father's alive, so a future as a military spouse was a no-go."

"Okay, so that's two, but-"

"Before the lieutenant you dated a visiting university professor who was only in town for summer session. And don't get me started on the guys you dated in college. You only went out with the ones scheduled to graduate and move out of state soon."

Amelia fought the urge to squirm in her chair. Was it true? Had she unintentionally sabotaged her relationships? Of course not. She wanted happily ever after and she'd been actively searching for Mr. Right.

"I believe in love and marriage," she protested.

"And yet you repeatedly chose dead-end relationships."

"She's right," Candace added, shocking Amelia further. "I didn't see it until Madeline pointed it out, but you've always chosen guys who aren't going to be around long-term."

Panic seized Amelia's throat. "No. She's not right. I believe in fate, destiny, kismet and all that stuff. There's a soul mate out there for everyone, and I'm actively searching for mine. I've just been...unfortunate."

"I think you're afraid to commit," Madeline speculated.

"I'm not afraid. I'm careful. Love comes from the head first and then the heart follows. You have to find a person who's like you in temperament and goals, one who wants the same things out of life, and then you carefully move forward. Like Candace and Vincent have. Like Neal and I did."

"What about opposites attracting or sexual chemistry?" Stacy asked.

Amelia's parents had been opposites. The working-class jock and the pampered honor student who'd tutored him in high school. Her mother's dream of attending a private college and then medical school had died when she'd accidentally become pregnant. Amelia's father had gone on to have the firefighter career he'd always wanted. The inequity had caused friction in the marriage.

"Once the novelty wears off, the things that initially attracted you will begin to annoy you, and love will turn to hate when the sacrifices become too great. Sexual attraction blinds you to those irreconcilable differences."

"Are you saying you'd marry someone without sexual chemistry?" Candace asked in a carefully modulated voice.

Amelia tried not to cringe. She wouldn't discuss her and Neal's disappointing sex life with his sister. Besides, it hadn't been Neal's fault. He'd been dying, and you couldn't expect a dying man to be good in bed. She selected her words carefully. "I'm saying sex is not the most important thing."

"It's in the top three, right behind love and trust," Candace insisted. "If the sex is bad, the rest falls apart."

"Franco and I have, um...chemistry," Stacy said with a blush, and Amelia wanted to kiss her for drawing the fire to herself and away from Amelia. "But we've agreed our...er...relationship will only last as long as I'm in Monaco. I've never had a relationship based solely on sex before. It seems..." She shrugged.

"Safe?" Madeline suggested. "You'll have a great time and he won't break your heart because you know it's going to end here. It's a win-win situation."

Stacy chewed her lip. "I guess so."

Madeline's emerald gaze skipped between Stacy and Amelia. "You two may be going about it in different ways, but you're both protecting your heart with short-term affairs. Same as me."

She covered Amelia's hand. "You say you believe in romance, but I see you making sure no guy sweeps you off your firmly planted feet. There's nothing wrong with that as long as you recognize what you're doing."

Could Madeline possibly be right?

Her friend rose and pitched her empty water bottle into the trash. "Amelia, we all know Toby's a player, but you two strike enough sparks off each other to light California. The way I see it, you have a choice. You can either live in the moment and enjoy the electricity while it lasts or play it safe and hold out for a fairy tale that might never happen. The question is, which one will you regret the most?"

Amelia didn't have an answer and she suspected she resembled a goldfish with her mouth opening and closing but nothing coming out. She wanted to argue, to prove Madeline wrong. But a rebuttal wouldn't form. Doubts, however, bloomed like wildflowers after a desert rain.

"How do you know we strike sparks off one another?"

"Because I stepped off the elevator Wednesday night when you and Toby were standing outside our door. You were so engrossed in each other I don't think either of you heard the elevator ding or saw me in the hall. Rather than get zapped by the current between you, I got back on and went downstairs to the bar, where I hooked up with Stacy."

Madeline held her palms up by her shoulders like balancing scales. "Live or dream? Fun or fantasy? What's it going to be, Amelia?"

Naked and alone, Amelia lay facedown on the table and squirmed under the sheet covering no more than an eight-inch-wide swath across her bottom.

She'd never had a massage, and the idea of someone other than her doctor getting up close and personal made her uncomfortable. But this "treat" was a gift from Candace, and her friend had promised when she'd scheduled appointments for each bridesmaid at Hotel Reynard's top-rated spa that a massage would be a relaxing and rejuvenating experience.

A little stress reduction couldn't be a bad thing, Amelia admitted. Having to fight the illogical push-pull of her attraction to Toby all week had been challenge enough. Combining his tempting presence with Madeline's eye-opening evaluation this morning threatened to make the knot of tension between Amelia's shoulder blades a permanent fixture.

Yesterday's kiss hadn't helped. If Toby's watch alarm hadn't gone off-

Don't go there.

She'd excused herself from the bridal party after lunch and headed directly for the spa rather than risk bumping into Toby in the upstairs hall. She couldn't face him with her mind in turmoil. But when the receptionist had escorted her into this candlelit room, told her to strip, lie down and cover only her buttocks with the sheet, she'd almost decided she'd rather deal with Toby than expose herself to a total stranger.

Better the devil you knew...

Three things had kept her from chickening out. One, it would have been inconsiderate to cancel at the last moment and to refuse Candace's gift. Two, Candace would be charged for the expensive massage at this late date whether Amelia had it or not. And three, Madeline's accusation that Amelia was playing it safe was a little too accurate for comfort.

Exhaling a series of long, slow breaths, Amelia willed her limbs to loosen. Relax. The masseuse is a professional. He or she doesn't care what you look like nak*d.

She'd almost convinced herself when the door opened and a draft of warm sage-scented air swirled over her skin. Her muscles clenched all over again. She pressed her face firmly into the horseshoe-shaped pillow. If she concentrated on visually tracing the veins in the marble floor beneath the table and didn't look at the masseuse, then maybe this wouldn't be as embarrassing. "G-good afternoon."

"Back atcha, sugar."

Toby! She jerked her head up just in time to see him drop the towel encircling his hips. Her lungs seized and her heart stuttered. It's a wonder he couldn't hear it knocking against the table. His gaze caressed her face, her nak*d back and her legs before traveling back up to linger on her upper torso.

She flattened her br**sts against the table. "What are you doing here?"

His penis thickened, lengthened and rose from his dark golden curls, drawing her attention the way a new intern attracts nurses. Her internal muscles contracted.

"Massage. Same as you. Keep looking at me like that and I'm going to have trouble lying facedown."

"Then leave." Shielding her br**sts with her arm, she forced her gaze back to his face. "This is a private massage."

"A private couple's massage," he corrected. "You and me, side by side, being rubbed in all the right ways. I changed the reservation."

She could kick him...and herself. She'd thought it odd that the room contained two tables, but she hadn't asked for an explanation. If she had, she could have avoided this. "Do not turn this into something sexual, Toby Haynes."

"I dare you to lie there while the masseuse does her thing and know that I'm nak*d right beside you getting the same treatment and not get turned on. By the time we're done you'll be wishing it was my hands on your body and that we could lock the door and finish each other on the table."

She did not need that image in her head-the one of Toby pulling her to the padded edge and plunging deep inside her the way he had on her coffee table. And if her cheeks were half as red as they were hot, then he'd know how strongly his words had affected her.

She glanced at the door. No lock. Good. That meant she wouldn't be tempted. Not that she was. Not even a tiny bit.

He sat on the table beside hers, knees splayed, palms planted beside his thighs, which left his privates at eye level. He made no attempt to lie down or cover himself with the sheet. The man had absolutely no modesty.

With a body like that, who would?

And she was trapped. She couldn't get up and leave without giving him an eyeful. She averted her gaze from his long, thick shaft. "Go. Away. This is supposed to be relaxing."

Mischief twinkled in his eyes. "Do I make you tense?"

As a bowstring. "If Candace sent you, I will strangle her."

"Lucky for her, joining you was my idea. I'd hate to have to explain to Vincent that the maid of honor knocked off his bride because Candace was matchmaking."

He knew. She wanted to crawl under the Egyptian-cotton-draped table. Could she possibly be more humiliated? Nope. "Joining me was a bad idea. And cover up, for pity's sake."

His grin widened. "If you insist. No need to get prissy. It's not as if you haven't seen and tasted everything I have."

Her cheeks erupted with a fresh wave of lavalike heat, and her mandible locked. "That. Night. Was. A. Mistake."

"So you keep saying. But repeating the words doesn't make 'em true. And your eyes...well, let's just say lying's not one of your talents." He picked up the sheet and lay down-carefully. She tried not to ogle his perfect honeydew-melon rear before he covered up. Tried and failed.

He rolled onto his side, propped his head on his hand and sought her eyes. "Ever had a massage?"

She couldn't help following the line of hair bisecting his abdomen and disappearing beneath the sheet. "No. Have you?"

"Yep. Occupational hazard. Loosen up or the massage won't feel good."

She shoved her face into the pillow and muttered, "I could do that a lot better if you'd leave."

"We could always cancel and take this upstairs to my suite. I give one hell of a good massage."

"No doubt you've had lots of practice," she grumbled in disgust. "Forget about it."

"You don't know what you're missing. No wait-you do. Am I too much for you, A-mel-i-a?" There he went again, stretching out her name like an orgasmic groan. "Because I could have sworn you were with me every second of that night. Sure felt like it when your body was contracting around mine and squeezing me so tight I thought my...brain would explode. And I could've sworn I heard you say-"

"Roll over and shut up or I'm leaving." She lifted her head enough to glare at him. If blood could simmer, hers would. From anger but also from arousal. Which only made her angrier.

"Nah, I don't recall you saying that. It was something more along the lines of-"

The door opened before she could make good on her threat to leave. A man and a woman entered and introduced themselves as Lars and Nina. Amelia tensed and chewed her bottom lip. She hoped the big blond guy was Toby's. But Lars crossed to the shelf at the head of Amelia's table, and her hopes crashed and burned.

The abstract idea of having a strange male massage her hadn't bothered her too much, but actually having his crotch inches from her eyebrows and his hands preparing to touch parts of her the sun never saw made her extremely uncomfortable. She wanted to bolt.

"No," Toby barked, making Amelia jump. His jaw muscles looked like marbles beneath his tanned skin. He pointed to Lars. "You're over here. Nina's over there."

Lars shook his head. "Mademoiselle Meyers specifically requested me for Mademoiselle Lambert."

"I'm overriding that request," Toby insisted. "Switch or Mademoiselle Lambert and I are outta here."

She really ought to object to his high-handedness. But her lips remained sealed.

The spa employees exchanged a look, then changed positions. Relief sagged through Amelia. And then a peculiar idea slipped under her skin like a hypodermic needle. Toby didn't want the guy touching her. His possessiveness sent a thrill through her. And wasn't that insane since she didn't want him to be possessive? But the tingles in her extremities couldn't be denied.

Maybe he'd seen the panic on her face and had done the gentlemanly thing. Warm fuzzies joined the tingles.

Or was he one of those guys who fantasized about two women and a menage a trois? Her lip curled in disgust. The tingles and warm fuzzies evaporated.

She dropped her face into the pillow with a silent groan. She'd better cling to the last idea if she wanted to keep her distance from Toby Haynes.

Do you want to keep your distance?

She chewed her bottom lip. Before this morning the answer would have been an easy and unequivocal yes. But Madeline's comments haunted her.

Had she sabotaged her search for Mr. Right by only dating Mr. Right Nows?

Looked that way. And how could she not have noticed that?

Did the short-term nature of her relationships mean she hadn't cared about the men she'd been involved with? No. But she had to admit she'd never pictured herself sharing side-by-side rockers at the retirement home with any of them.

Not even Neal.

That disturbing revelation rattled her so much she barely registered the warm oil on her shoulders or the firm hands working it into her skin.

"Go easy on her. It's her first massage," Toby said.

Amelia turned her head sideways and found Toby watching her. His back glistened with oil. Lars's big hands dug deep into muscle, but Toby didn't flinch.

For ten months she'd been running from Toby Haynes and the passion she'd experienced in his arms, and yet avoidance of a problem had never been her style. She faced difficult issues head-on. The way she had her father's paralysis, her mother's subsequent caregiver-stress issues and Neal's debilitating disease.

If she didn't get a handle on her aberrant feelings, her desire for Toby could devastate her future plans. He was everything she didn't want in a man. Except physically. And yet he'd monopolized her thoughts for an entire year. There was something terribly wrong in that.

Toby lifted his hand, reaching across the space between their tables.

Amelia hesitated. Perhaps Madeline was right and dealing with her illogical attraction here in Monaco, the land of fantasy and fairy tales, was the answer. Toby didn't want a future with her any more than she wanted one with him, and if she let her passion for him burn hot, it would quickly burn out because it wasn't based on anything more substantial than lust.

A nice, controlled burn. That's what she needed. And when she returned to the real world-work, home and family-her problem would be solved and she'd be one step closer to finding a gentle, caring partner with staying power.

She reached across the intervening space and linked fingers with her temporary obsession.

And prayed she could contain the blaze.

If he got any harder, Toby figured his erection would jack his h*ps off the massage table like a race car waiting for a two-tire change.

No doubt Lars, of the meat grinder hands, knew it. Why else would the guy have tried to mulch Toby's muscles into hamburger for the past thirty minutes? The jerk was probably pissed he'd missed out on feeling up Amelia.

The second the door closed behind the departing masseuses Toby tossed off the sheet, swung his legs over the side of the table and sat up. Rolling his shoulders, he checked for permanent damage.

He studied the back of Amelia's head, the way her silky cinnamon hair parted and trailed over the table. After holding his gaze and his hand throughout the massage, the minute the massage ended she'd planted her face in the pillow.

"You okay, sugar?"

Amelia's back rose as if she were taking a deep breath and then she pushed up on her elbows, giving him a tantalizing glimpse of one pale breast. His dick twitched in appreciation.

"I'm fine." White teeth dented her bottom lip. And then she sat up-sans sheet-making no attempt to conceal a single delicious inch of creamy skin from his view. His heart and groin pulsed in tandem. She noted his roll-cage-hard condition, averted her face and licked her lips-which only increased his discomfort.

Her n**ples puckered, begging for attention. He wanted to taste them and then trace every sheet-wrinkle impression across her thighs, belly and br**sts. With his tongue. The curls between her legs had been tamed into a tight, tiny triangle since their last encounter. Sexy. Oh, yeah, definitely sexy.

Her hands fisted in her lap. "Can we go upstairs now?"

"Your suite or mine?"

Her gaze didn't get anywhere close to meeting his. "Yours."

He nearly fell off the table. He'd expected her to red-flag him and blister him for delivering yet another line. But he wasn't dumb enough to question his luck. All right, he was dumb enough. But he could wait till later for his answers.

Not wanting to give her a chance to change her mind, he stood.

She slid off her table more slowly, snatched up a towel and covered herself. Her movements were jerky instead of the smooth, efficient and graceful ones he'd come to associate with the slender nurse.

"Amelia."

She paused and, clutching the ends of the Turkish towel to her breastbone, stared at his chin. Tension tightened her features and a white line cinched her lips. She looked pale and anxious instead of flushed and aroused.

He threaded his fingers through her soft hair and tugged until she met his gaze. Her lashes quickly descended, shielding her eyes, but not before he made a surprising discovery.

She's shy. And nervous.

Something inside him softened, and for the life of him he couldn't think of anything to say to ease the situation. No lines came to mind. No come-ons. No flirtatious, teasing banter. He drew a complete blank. A first for him. As Amelia had accurately guessed, words were his tools. He used them to draw people in or push them away. Now he had none.

So he did the only thing he could think of. He kissed her. Her eyelids. Her cheeks. Her nose. Restraining his hunger, he sipped from her lips until her mouth softened beneath his and the stiffness eased from her muscles-and invaded his.

She leaned into him and then her hand curved over his nak*d hip, jolting him like a jump-started battery. He lifted his head and sucked air. He wanted to act out every fantasy that had starred her and had disturbed his nights, but he didn't want to be interrupted and he couldn't guarantee that here. So even though letting her go was the absolute last thing he wanted to do, he stepped away.

He yanked a thick hotel robe off the rack by the door and draped it over her shoulders. While she slid her arms into the sleeves, he stuffed his into a second robe and loosely tied the belt. After lacing his fingers through hers, he towed her out of the massage room and into the dressing area. His heart beat faster with every step, as if he were climbing a rock face instead of walking a flat floor.

Eight louvered doors surrounded a splashing water fountain designed to instill tranquility. In his case it failed. Big-time. "Grab your gear and let's go."

"Shouldn't we shower off the oil first?" she asked as she paused by the door of the room beside his. He ducked in, scooped up his clothes and rejoined her.

"We'll do it upstairs. Together." Because if he didn't get her out of here, he was going to lose what little patience he had left. Who was he kidding? He'd already lost it.

"On second thought..." He advanced, backing her into the six-by-six cubicle, and kicked the door shut. He flung his bundle of clothes in the corner, yanked her into his arms and covered her mouth with his. Craving the sweet taste of her, the slickness of her tongue, he delved deep without preliminaries.

He opened her robe, found her satin-soft skin and tightly beaded n**ples with his palms. It wasn't enough. He needed more. Her skin. Against his. He ripped open his robe and pulled her close. Hot. Oh, man, she was hot. She whimpered into his mouth at the press of flesh, and he'd bet his trophy case steam poured from his ears.

When his lungs threatened to explode he lifted his lips a fraction of an inch. "Can you be quiet this time?"

She blinked and then her eyes widened. A flush painted her face and neck. She glanced at the closed door and ran her tongue over her damp, swollen lips.

"You mean you'd-we'd-here?" The last word was little more than a squeak.

Desire choked him. He jerked an affirmative nod.

Her gaze bounced to the door again and then back to him. "B-before we, um, do this I need to make something cl-clear."

"Shoot." Hell, he'd agree to practically anything to get inside her right now.

How did she make him this crazy when no other woman had? He cupped her waist and walked her backward toward the padded bench.

She splayed a hand on his chest, lighting five fires with her fingertips. "I-I'm not looking for a long-term relationship with you, Toby. This affair ends the minute we leave Monaco. You can't call me or try to see me after we get home."

His steps faltered. She was giving his speech. And being on the receiving end was about as much fun as a rectal exam. He was the one who set the limits on his affairs.

What does it matter who says the words as long as you both abide by the rules?

"Deal."

Amelia inhaled deeply, squared her shoulders and then met his gaze. "Okay, then. I'm ready."

So was he. Ready to blow, that is. He wanted her that bad.

That wasn't good. Get a grip, man.

He skimmed his palms down her back and over her smooth buttocks. He cradled her thigh and lifted until she rested one foot on the bench. Stepping into the V of her legs, he stroked his erection against her damp curls. Her welcoming slickness had him whistling air through his clenched teeth.

"This is gonna be fast. Hard and fast. Are you still on the pill?"

She planted both hands against his ribs. "Yes, but don't you have a condom?"

"Not with me."

Her face and body tensed, her withdrawal obvious even to his lust-fogged brain. "I won't take chances. Especially not with a man like you."

A man like you. The words hit him like a sucker punch. What in the hell did that mean? She didn't think he was good enough? She thought he dipped his stick indiscriminately?

"I'm careful and I'm clean."

"The pill isn't one hundred percent effective. I'm not willing to risk a pregnancy."

Pregnancy? Neither was he. He never intended to get married or have kids. He refused to risk letting anyone down the way his folks had him. God knows he didn't know how to be a father.

"Then we're good to go, because neither am I. But we'll have to take this show on the road. I have what we need upstairs."

Seven

She was going to have sex with a man she didn't love. Amelia wasn't even sure she liked Toby Haynes.Oh, sure, her body craved his. But her body wasn't in charge here. She wouldn't let it be. And once this series of encounters ended she'd go back to being her sensible, practical self.

Yes, he made her feel good. But she'd keep her head this time.

Averting her eyes from the dressing room mirrors, she tried to ignore the nak*d man bumping elbows and h*ps with her as she buttoned her top in the cramped space. She reached for her panties, but Toby snatched the pale pink cotton out of her hand and stuffed it in his front pocket.

Amelia stared at the tiny bump next to the much larger bulge of his erection. She blinked and then met his gaze. "Give those back."

"You don't need 'em."

"You expect me to waltz through the hotel without my underwear?"

His wicked grin made her insides fizz like a shaken soda pop. "Yeah."

"You're wearing yours."

"That's so you can peel them off. Later. Real slow." He captured her hand and stroked her palm over the thick, hard denim-covered ridge. Her heart skipped wildly. "See how much I'm looking forward to that?"

She tugged her hand away, but the residual heat spread from her palm to her cheeks and then pooled where her panties should be. She pulled her skirt over her bare bottom. The button and zip challenged her uncooperative fingers, but finally she managed to get the job done.

She couldn't help second-guessing her decision. About this affair. About leaving this dressing room semidressed. About...well, everything.

Toby Haynes was too much like her father. But this wasn't about forever. This was about fitting the last piece of the puzzle in place. As soon as she found Mr. Right her life would be perfect.

But first she had to deal with Toby.

The last time they'd slept together she'd been weak and needy and allowed herself to be swept away on a storm surge of emotion and impulse. Impulses were mistakes. But this wasn't an impulse. This was a calculated plan designed to eradicate all traces of her attraction to this egotistical, thrill-seeking, smooth-talking ladies' man from her system the way an antibiotic does an infection. She was stronger now. Strong enough to hold her own and cure this temporary obsession.

Toby's big hand captured hers. With a feeling of inevitability she followed him out of the dressing room. This encounter had been brewing since she'd first set eyes on him in the hotel foyer.

No, she admitted grudgingly. Since the first night she'd gone toe-to-toe with him in Vincent's hospital room.

She'd informed him visiting hours were over and he'd have to leave. He'd said, "Not unless you carry me out. My buddy needs me and I'm staying."

Vincent had been heavily sedated at the time and probably hadn't even known Toby was there. She should have called security and had Toby removed. But Vincent's family hadn't arrived yet, and she'd have hated for her patient to awake alone and in pain. Add in the concern lining Toby's face, and she'd bent the rules. She'd let him stay.

She hated to admit it, but his loyalty to Vincent in the months following the accident had impressed her. When he wasn't on the road for a race, Toby had been by Vincent's side, keeping his friend entertained and motivated through each stage of recovery and every setback.

Toby led her out of the spa and across the vast lobby. Amelia felt incredibly nak*d, as if everyone around them knew of her underdressed state. Her skin burned. Her palms dampened, and it shamed her to admit they weren't the only part of her growing moist.

They stopped in front of the penthouse elevator. Toby's eyes found hers. The hunger straining his expression dried her mouth and weakened her muscles. He drew circles in her palm with his thumbnail, scraping up arousal from deep inside her and distracting her from her pantiless predicament-but not so much that she didn't wonder if the concierge who acted as a gatekeeper to the upper floor couldn't guess she and Toby were headed upstairs for sex.

The brass doors opened. Toby towed her inside, propped himself in a corner and pulled her into the crook of his arm. Would he kiss her again on the ride up? Would he do more than kiss her? Did she want him to? Her pulse pounded a resounding yes in her ears and much lower.

Just before the doors closed, a third occupant entered the cubicle.

That meant no kisses. She wasn't disappointed. Not at all. Uh-uh.

Liar.

The Mafia-dark burly guy wore a suit and an earpiece microphone thingy. Was that a gun under his coat? Hotel security? A bodyguard for someone famous? His probing gaze inspected both her and Toby from head to toe. Supremely conscious of her nak*dness Amelia squeezed her thighs together and fought the blush she was sure must be creeping up her neck. And then the man backed into the opposite corner and faced the doors.

Had Toby noticed the weapon? Amelia sought his gaze and the bottom dropped out of her stomach. If a man could undress you with his eyes, then she'd be stripped bare and they'd be making love in the elevator. Had that been his intention when he'd stolen her panties? She wasn't wearing a bra-almost never did. What was the point when she didn't need support? That meant only two pieces of fabric separated her from his touch.

Her skin tingled and her internal muscles clenched. For a split second she wished they were alone, but then reason reasserted itself. There were probably security cameras in the elevator, and the last thing she needed on this trip was to be arrested for indecent exposure and who knows what else. Not to mention the lack of a condom.

Tell that to her moistening parts and desert-dry mouth.

What felt like an eternity later, the elevator opened on the penthouse level. The suit exited first and headed down the opposite end of the hall. Toby straightened-carefully, Amelia noted. She followed him out. She had to take two steps for each of his long strides, and each quick tread sent a teasing draft up her skirt. He inserted the key card into the lock and then shoved open the door of his suite.

Last chance to change your mind.

No. This plan would work. It had to.

Scraping her courage together, Amelia put one foot in front of the other. She'd barely crossed the threshold when Toby palmed the door shut and leaned against it. He snagged her waist with one hand and hauled her between his splayed legs, fusing her h*ps to his. The fingers of his other hand speared through her hair, bringing her mouth to his in a hard, brief and blistering-hot kiss, a tangle of tongues, a gnashing of lips and teeth.

Her head was spinning before he swept her off her feet and stalked toward his bedroom. She snaked her arms around his neck and struggled to regulate her breathing, but it was a lost cause. He dipped. Believing him about to drop her, she squealed and tightened her arms, but instead he grasped the spread with the hand beneath her knees, ripped it back and then laid her in the middle of the cool Egyptian cotton sheets and followed her down.

His thighs separated hers, hiking up her skirt to an indecent level, and then his denim-covered erection pressed her bare center. The rough fabric abraded her tender flesh in a delicious way, and when he flexed his hips, a bolt of pleasure shot through her, stealing her breath. He braced himself on straight arms above her and then, biceps bulging, slowly lowered his torso until he blanketed her with heat, stopping with his mouth a scant inch from hers.

"Save the screams for when I'm inside you."

His ego truly was astounding. "You think you can make me scream?"

"Guaran-damn-tee it."

And she was just as determined to make sure he didn't. This wasn't last time. Her will wasn't weakened by alcohol or grief.

His mouth feathered over hers in the briefest of teasing kisses. She tried to arch up for more, but his chest held her down. He touched down for another butterfly sip and then rolled to her side, leaving one leg thrown across hers. A big palm spread across her navel and swept upward to the buttons of her lace blouse.

"I like your girlie clothes. I like getting you out of 'em even better."

He started at the bottom, releasing one button, folding back the plackets and then exploring the exposed triangle of skin with his lips, with his tongue. He painted a damp trail along the waistband of her skirt and then blew. The shocking contrast of hot tongue and cold air elicited a wave of goose bumps. The second button gave way. Her rib cage received the same sip-lave-blow treatment with equally mind-melting results. The third button opened. He nibbled a tantalizing path along the underside of her br**sts, and her n**ples tightened, tenting her thin blouse.

The fourth and final button slipped free, but he didn't hurry to claim his prize-if her small br**sts could be considered a prize. His chin, covered in afternoon stubble, scraped a shiver-inducing line along her sternum. She arched her back, lifting herself toward his mouth.

"Something you want, sugar?"

He knew what she wanted. Why make her ask? "Touch me."

"Where? Here?" He nipped her jaw, her earlobe. "Or here?"

He had to feel the pulse in her neck pounding beneath his lips. She fisted her fingers in his short hair and urged him in the right direction. "My br**sts."

A quick rasp-rasp across her chest as he shook his head made her want to growl in frustration, until she realized he wasn't saying no. He was nudging fabric out of his way with his chin. His stubble lightly scraped her nipple once, twice. He circled her areola with a sandpaper caress.

She groaned and squirmed as heat and tension spread through her. "Yes. There. Please."

He rewarded her request with the hot, wet suction of his mouth, making her h*ps bow off the bed as desire yanked deep inside her. He settled her with a big, warm palm on her thigh. And then that hand climbed higher, approaching her exposed sex at a snail's pace. Faster, faster, she wanted to cry, but his teeth snagged her nipple, holding it captive for the flick of his tongue, and the words vanished.

He switched to the opposite side, giving equal attention to her neglected flesh, sucking, laving, scraping. And then his hand reached her curls. He gave a gentle tug and she gasped. How could pulling hair be sexy? And yet she was about to come unglued. He traced her damp seam, down, up and then back again and again, approaching but always stopping just short of the spot that could send her over the edge. She dug her fingers into his muscle-corded shoulders and rocked to meet his fingers. She couldn't help herself.

He lifted his head. "In a hurry?"

She licked her lips and tasted him. "Aren't you?"

"Oh, yeah." His killer grin twisted her insides and her toes contracted.

He bent his head and covered her mouth. His tongue found hers at the same instant his fingers struck gold. Orgasm crashed through her in wave after wave. The thigh he'd thrown over hers held her captive for the onslaught, and his kisses muffled her cries.

She dissolved into the mattress, sated and yet still wanting. Wanting him. Too much. So much it scared her. So much it reminded her that she was losing control.

A little foreplay was a good thing, necessary even, to make sex comfortable. But too much was...dangerous. Uneasiness crept over her like a spider web. She struggled to gather her shattered composure.

He flicked open the button of her skirt, lowered the zip and then tugged the garment down her legs and pitched it onto the floor. His heavy-lidded gaze caressed her, making her feel sexy instead of skinny. No other man had ever looked at her that way-as though she was the woman he wanted instead of the one he could get.

He cupped her br**sts, thumbed the pebbled tips and then shifted his body back between her legs. His broad shoulders held her open and exposed, and then he lowered his head and did with his tongue what his fingers had done seconds before. He drove her out of her mind, carried her high and then pushed her off the edge.

And she couldn't stop him.

Even before the aftershocks faded, he rose onto his knees, pulled his shirt over his head and reached for the waistband of his jeans.

Time to regroup. She arched up and covered his hands. "My job."

The fabric stretched tight over his distended flesh. Determined to torment him the way he had her and to shift the balance of power back where it should be, she trailed her short nails across his chest, circled his tiny n**ples and then raked up and down his fly.

Toby's jaw muscles knotted. His back bowed and his fists clenched. "Be quick about it," he ordered in a strained voice.

He'd made her weak, and she had every intention of returning the favor. "What's the matter, Haynes? You can dish it out, but you're not man enough to take it."

He scowled. "I can take it and I can take you-which you'll find out as soon as you get these damn jeans off."

She lowered the zipper one tooth at a time and then slipped her fingers into the opening to cup and stroke cotton stretched over rigid heat. The cords of his neck tightened visibly. She eased his pants over his h*ps and then wedged a fingertip beneath the elastic band of his briefs and circled his waist to tease the crevice of his buttocks.

His thigh muscles knotted, trembled. He muttered a blasphemy.

Easing the elastic out of the way, she uncovered the engorged head of his penis and glanced up to find Toby watching her. He gulped and a surge of power filled her. Ever so slowly, without looking away from the need in his eyes, she parted her lips, dampened them with her tongue. His breath hitched. She lowered her head and licked him. Air whistled through his clenched teeth. But he didn't blink.

She shoved his briefs to his thighs, curled her fingers around his thick shaft and licked his satiny length, bottom to top. His hands cupped her head, fingers tangling in her hair. Again and again she bathed him and then took him into her mouth.

"Yesss," he hissed.

She'd never met a man who didn't like this. The difference was this time she liked it, too. Liked his taste. His scent. His heat. She liked making Toby shake, making him swear-which he did more creatively with each swirl of her tongue. She relished pushing him to the edge more than she ever had before.

"Stop." He uttered the word so low and deep she barely understood him. His fingers tightened on her scalp, pulled. "Stop," he repeated louder, clearer, when she ignored him.

"Dammit, stop." He caught her shoulders and forced her to release him and then tumbled her backward onto the bed and slammed his mouth over hers. The kiss bordered on savage. He took her mouth, took her breath. But he didn't take her. His erection scorched the inside of her thigh. She was open and wet and protected from pregnancy. He could have plunged deep even without the condom she'd insisted upon. But he didn't.

Finally he released her mouth and vaulted from the bed. "Witch."

The approval in his tone and in his hot blue eyes belied the insult and sent a thrill through her. Had any man ever wanted her with such nak*d hunger before Toby? No. And the intensity of his need both excited and worried her. Worried because she felt it, too.

He shucked his clothing in record time, yanked open the bedside table drawer and retrieved a condom. After sheathing himself, he climbed back onto the bed, hooked her knees over his bent arms, yanked her h*ps forward and impaled her.

Her lungs emptied on a rush as he filled her. Barely giving her time to adjust to his size, he withdrew and then drove deep again and again, taking her on a wild, fast ride. The pleasure was too intense. Too unrestrained. She struggled to rein it in.

She caressed the supple skin of his chest, his thighs, his buttocks-any erogenous zone she could reach.

"Stop," he groaned again.

But she didn't. Arousal tightened inside her, so she redoubled her efforts, mapping his body, seeking out his pleasure points until he cursed and released her legs only to grab her wrists and pin them on the pillow beside her head.

He leaned down, his gaze drilling hers.

"Don't. Rush. Me." He punctuated each word with a hard thrust and then stilled deep inside her. He swiveled his hips, creating a delicious friction against her sensitive flesh. She felt her control slipping and rallied to regain the upper hand by arching her back and taking him even deeper.

He dipped, captured a nipple between his teeth and tugged just hard enough to make her gasp. The love bite reached deep into her womb. Again and again he tormented her br**sts and swiveled his hips, until she lost the battle for control and a tsunami of an orgasm slammed through her. He pounded into her as successive waves of ecstasy robbed her of strength and reason. His groan barely penetrated her overwhelmed state. And then all was still except for their gasping, shallow breaths.

Sanity slowly returned and she realized she'd done it again. She'd lost it. Completely. She'd always focused on bringing her partners pleasure and had never really worried about her own. Making them lose control first meant she didn't have to worry about losing hers. Toby refused to let her sacrifice her satisfaction for his.

Sacrifice.

An invisible icy finger dragged down her spine and everything within her froze except for the panicked thump-bump of her heart.

Sacrificing and martyring were two sides of the same coin.

A martyr.

When had she started emulating her mother?

"Want to tell me what that was about?" Toby's husky drawl yanked her out of her shocked stupor.

"What?"

"Trying to get me off before you finished."

Her barely cooled body filled with uncomfortable prickly heat. She must have drawn the wrong conclusion. And as soon as she could get to her room she could analyze this...encounter and figure out what was really going on.

She focused on his square chin. "That's crazy. I had orgasms." She wiggled, but it was like trying to slide out from under a boulder. "Let me up. I have to dress for dinner with my suitemates."

Toby didn't budge. His hands and h*ps kept her pinned to the bed. "You had two alone. You needed one with me. Inside you."

"A technicality. Now move." Still avoiding his gaze, she bowed her back.

"You were trying to get me to lose it while you lay there cool as a cucumber, pushing my buttons. Same as last time."

And just like last time, he'd refused to give up until she'd lost it. Her cool. Her control. Her mind. And this time she couldn't blame her lack of inhibitions on booze or grief.

She needed to get out of here. Needed to think. She struggled again to no avail. He held her down as easily as he would a butterfly. His grip didn't hurt, but it was inescapable.

"You're mistaken. Now please get up."

"Sugar, I'm not getting off you until you level with me. And if you don't quit squirming, we'll be here till breakfast. Maybe longer." He rocked his hips. His thickening erection knocked the breath from her lungs-in surprise and in a shocking burst of arousal.

"I need to use the bathroom," she lied.

"Then talk fast. As soon as you tell me why you don't like coming I'll let you go."

She wanted to be somewhere else. Anyplace else. "I never said that."

"The women I know like getting off. With me. Without me. Whenever and wherever they get a chance. Why do you fight it?"

"I don't."

He leaned down, aligning his nose with hers and forcing her to look into his eyes. His h*ps pistoned again, and her breath hiccuped as a bolt of unwanted hunger shot straight to her core. "It'll take me less than two minutes to prove you're lying."

The man was cocky, confident...and very likely correct.

She could continue fighting and suffer the consequences or get this over with.

"I don't like losing control," she admitted reluctantly.

"Isn't that the whole point of sex?"

She'd known he wouldn't understand. Nobody would. That's why she'd never tried to explain her conflicting emotions about her dysfunctional family.

She bit her lip and struggled to formulate an acceptable-if not quite accurate-explanation. Toby threaded his fingers through hers still pinned to the pillow, withdrew from her body almost completely and then slid back in. He set a slow pumping pace that kept her brain from forming coherent sentences.

"I can't think when you do...that."

"Don't think. Just talk."

"I thought men didn't like to talk after sex."

"In case...you didn't notice...we're not finished. And I'm not most men. Talking fine-tunes...performance. I talk to my crew...when I drive...and my partner in bed. That way...everybody's...on the same page...and we all get...what we want." His shortened breaths made the words come out in choppy bursts.

Her extremities tingled and her toes dug into the luxurious sheets. Another release hovered disgracefully close, and she trembled with the effort to shut it down. How does he do that? She had to get rid of him before she became addicted to the way he made her feel, and the only way to do that was to give him what he wanted-the ugly truth.

"My parents hate each other. My mother has a temper. When she lets go, the whole neighborhood hears."

"She hit you?"

Given his upbringing, she wasn't surprised he'd ask that. "No. Never."

"Stating the obvious-you're not your mother." The tendons of his neck corded. His arms trembled.

"But I'm m-more like her than I want to be. Especially in bed with you."

He swiveled his pelvis and her insides wound tighter. A muffled moan slipped between her lips. She couldn't believe they were hav**g s*x and talking about her parents simultaneously. The ick factor should be grossing her out, but the powerful surges of Toby deep inside her kept her too distracted with wave upon wave of arousal to maintain rational thought processes.

And that was exactly the problem.

"Genes are there. But you have control. Over decisions. Over choices. Don't have to repeat...her mistakes. You choose...to race clean...or dirty."

A drop of sweat rolled from his forehead down his lean cheek. It dripped from his jaw and landed on her breast. He dipped and lapped it up-only he didn't stop with that single sip. His tongue circled her nipple, teasing but not hitting the sensitive center. The opposite breast received the same neglectful attention. Her nails dug into the backs of his hands. She wanted to scream in frustration. But she wouldn't.

"I don't like her when she loses control," she confessed in a rush and immediately wanted the shameful words back. What kind of person didn't like her mother?

Toby's body stilled, but instead of looking repulsed by her admission, his expression softened. The understanding in his eyes tugged at something deep inside her.

"You don't have to like somebody to love 'em, Amelia."

He knew. He knew what it was like to have a parent you both loved and hated. In that instant she felt a connection with Toby that she'd never experienced with anyone else. Not even Neal. The realization sent a frisson of alarm skittering through her.

How could someone who embodied her worst nightmares understand the emotions tormenting her? It wasn't fair. Her eyes stung at the injustice of being so in tune with a man she didn't love and could never trust her heart to because of his daredevil personality.

"And bed is the one place it's okay to let go. Let go for me, sugar." Then Toby's mouth slanted over hers, and the ride turned as fast and furious as the past five minutes had been slow and steady. Her reeling senses welcomed the desire distracting her from her tumultuous thoughts, and when he released her hands to cup his under her buttocks and drive deeper, she wound her arms around him instead of pushing him away.

Another orgasm burst upon her like a flash fire. Slowly the embers cooled and the haze cleared from her brain, and then she discovered a heartbeat too late that she'd miscalculated.

Her plan for a careful, controlled burnout of the passion between them was in danger of going up in smoke.

She was falling for Toby Haynes.

And she had to stop it. Right now.

Eight

She'd hung him out to dry. Again.Toby had never met a woman he couldn't figure out. But Amelia Lambert stumped him. As crazy as she apparently was about celebrities, she wasn't impressed with him. That irked him, for some damn fool reason. Did she have any idea how rare it was for a guy to accomplish what he had and at his age? How hard he'd worked to make HRI a force to be reckoned with in racing?

She wasn't interested in having her picture taken with a NASCAR driver, in bragging rights of having screwed one or in boosting her career via his. And he'd had dozens of women try to squeeze a wedding ring out of him. Amelia wasn't one of them.

So what did she want from him? And why did she act as though being with him was a chore? Sure, he knew she'd been assigned to babysit him. But, c'mon, she wanted him-a fact made clear by every heart-revving glance she sent his way and that round of set-the-sheets-on-fire sex.

For a second this afternoon something intense had flared between them. Too intense. He didn't do intense. Except in racing. The vulnerable look in her eyes had driven him from her arms and her warm, flushed body immediately after sex. He'd retreated to the bathroom to fill the big whirlpool tub for round three. And his cell phone had rung.

By the time he'd finished talking to his team manager, Toby had needed to distract himself with mind-numbing sex, but his sheets had been cold and Amelia long gone.

He scanned Jimmy'z. The club was packed. Before the crash, he'd have enjoyed losing himself in the music and dancing. But tonight the noise reverberated off the walls loud enough to make his eardrums vibrate the way a pounding rubber mallet does a dented fender. And he couldn't dance without falling on his ass.

It had been two weeks since the crash and his balance wasn't any better. Would it ever be?

He shut down that line of thinking. He hadn't achieved this level of success with a negative attitude.

It took him fifteen minutes to locate Amelia on the crowded floor beneath the flashing multicolored lights. Watching her move to the insistent beat in her gauzy flapper-style dress gave him an instant hard-on.

All he wanted to do was forget her. Instead she kept sucking up more and more of his brain space. He'd had her. So why did he still want her? Why wouldn't any other good lookin' woman in the club do? But his radio was tuned to her station and he couldn't change it. God knows he'd tried.

He cut through the crowd, taking a straight line toward his target. Guests in various states of inebriation gyrated around him. He'd been in places like this before, where you didn't need a partner to get on the floor and dance. Women outnumbered the men, and a guy could find himself in the middle of an adolescent fantasy-surrounded by willing women who wanted to party. Not his scene. But he knew plenty who practiced the more-the-merrier method of recreation.

Amelia had her back to him and didn't see him when he stopped behind her.

"This cat-and-mouse game is getting old, sugar." He struggled to keep the anger out of his voice. Her ditching him again had pissed him off that much. If not for the concierge, Toby wouldn't have known where to find her tonight.

She whirled around with a hand to her chest. She had on another one of those push-up bras that gave her the kind of cl**vage he wanted to bury his face in.

"Toby. What are you doing here?"

"Looking for you."

The women she'd been dancing with opened their circle to include him, but Amelia planted herself between him and her companions. Hunger flickered in her eyes burning a trail over his black shirt and pants. She wanted him and she didn't want to share. The knowledge made his pulse beat as hard and fast as the bass drum throbbing from the speakers. But then she blinked and the reserved nurse returned.

He'd be damned if he could untangle her mixed signals. She alternated between burning his brain and freezing his johnson.

Someone jolted him from behind, knocking him off balance. He struggled to regain his equilibrium. Amelia's hands curled around his biceps and steadied him.

"Could we...?" She nodded toward a dark corner.

Screw that. He needed to get off this floor before he fell like a drunk and out of this noise before his head exploded. He headed toward the nearest exit and found himself in an enclosed and mostly deserted courtyard overlooking the Mediterranean. The doors closed behind them, muffling the racket inside.

Amelia released his arm, took a deep breath and then blew it out again before meeting his gaze. "Toby, I thought this...thing between us would work. But it won't."

His eyebrows lowered like a slamming garage door. Green flag. Red flag. What was her deal? "We're good together, Amelia. Like it or not, I flip your toggle switch. And you sure as hell flip mine."

"But I don't think I can-"

Her protest lit the fire of anger and frustration that had been stewing since the phone call from Earl, his team manager.

"Don't give me any crap about your mother. She may have a short fuse, but she at least cared enough to stick around. Mine didn't. And if you've been trying to insult me by comparing me to your father, then you missed the mark. The man's a hero. Mine was a drunken, out-of-work bully. Yours had a job ninety-nine-point-nine percent of the population doesn't have the balls to do. He risked his life to save others. Mine-"

"You're wrong. My father was an adrenaline junkie who thought of nothing but getting his next fix. He never thought about his safety, his family. Me." Her eyes widened. She slapped her fingers over her mouth and then slowly lowered her hand. "I'm sorry. I don't know where that came from and I shouldn't have said it."

His anger deflated like a sliced tire. "Sounds like your mother's not the only one who can't forgive him for getting hurt."

"I'm not angry with him. I'm not." But she was. Toby understood. He'd been there before.

He stepped closer, close enough to catch a hint of her perfume on the cool night air. Close enough that the need to take her into his arms almost got the better of him. He settled for skimming his index finger down her stiff spine. She shivered. "It's okay to be angry, Amelia."

"No, it's not. Anger isn't productive or healthy. And it always leads to-" She shook her head and looked away.

"Am I gonna have to nail you to the bed again to get you to talk?"

Her gaze jerked to his and a shocked laugh burst from her lungs. "Leave it to you to make this about sex."

"Then make it about something else. Finish what you started."

"It's complicated."

Why did he care? He didn't need to be drawn into the drama of Amelia's life. He had enough drama in his own. Especially now. Maybe that was it-he wanted to think about someone else's problems for a change. "I had a concussion, not a lobotomy. My brain still works. And I'm not going anywhere until you explain."

She bit her bottom lip and then resignation settled over her face. "My mother and I have never been close, but before the accident my father and I were. I was his...princess, for lack of a better description."

"And you became his servant."

"It wasn't like that. I wanted to help. And my mother-"

"Your mother...?" he prompted when she clammed up again.

"My mother suffered from a severe case of caregiver depression. Some days she couldn't get out of bed, and when she did it was usually to lose her temper and shout obscenities at Dad. And he gave as good as he got. When they got going, they'd cause wounds they couldn't fix."

"Sounds like you had to become the adult in the family." Something they had in common. "How did you manage school?"

"I just did. It was kind of a refuge, you know? And it wasn't Mom's fault that she fell apart or that she and I didn't get along. I think she saw me as the reason none of her dreams came true. She was only seventeen when she accidentally became pregnant with me. She had to give up her plans for college and medical school. Her parents sent her to one of those homes for unwed mothers where they try to talk you into giving up your baby. She ran away to be with my father and refused to speak to her parents again."

"How did you manage financially if neither of your parents could work?"

"Dad had disability insurance from the fire department and another policy with the bank that paid off the mortgage if he couldn't work. It was enough for a while, but then he contracted pneumonia and spent a month in the hospital. The medical bills piled up. We couldn't cover them. When I was sixteen, the hospital's collection agency put a lien against our house.

"We were already dancing around social services intervening and putting me in foster care. I had to do something. I had never met my mother's parents before, but I found them and begged for help. I didn't know what else to do. They got Mom the psychiatric help she needed to get past the depression and helped with the bills. They paid for my education. Otherwise I never would have been able to afford college."

Amelia was a fighter. Another thing they had in common. The last thing he needed was something else to like about her.

"And you think sleeping with me will land you in the same boat as your mother?"

She nodded. "I don't want to get stuck with a guy who takes stupid chances. It turned her into a really ugly person."

Well, that was honest. Unpleasant. But honest.

"One, you won't get stuck with me. Two, I may not have a wife or kid depending on me, but Haynes Racing has four hundred employees who count on me to keep roofs over their heads and food in their family's stomachs. I have no intention of letting them down. That's why I don't take stupid chances.

"I'm betting your father didn't either. And it sounds like he did everything he could to look out for you financially in case something happened to him.

"Accidents happen, Amelia. Bad things happen to good people. Cheaters profit and innocent bystanders get hurt. Sometimes life sucks. The only thing you can control is the decisions you make."

The words sank in a half beat after he said them, and he realized they didn't only apply to Amelia. He'd been riddled with guilt over Vincent's accident even though a NASCAR investigation had cleared him and his crew of any wrong-doing. Toby had done everything within his power to make his pit as safe as possible. Accidents happen. Innocent bystanders get hurt. Vincent didn't blame him. Maybe it was time for Toby to quit blaming himself for Vincent's injuries and move forward. The weight on his shoulders eased.

He refocused on the woman beside him. "I doubt your father went into that fire hoping to come out paralyzed. Most men I know would rather die than become dependent on the ones relying on them."

He shoved his fists into his pockets and stared at the lights outlining the three jetties of Larvotto Beach below. "The last time most of my team saw me, I was unconscious and being airlifted from the infield. My team manager told me today that morale has hit rock-bottom at HRI. The team is falling apart and making stupid mistakes. Somebody's gonna get hurt. And I can't do a damned thing about it because I'm cornered here like a kid in timeout."

He huffed out a heavy breath and tried to rein in his frustration. His exile wasn't her fault, but his team was his responsibility. He had a job to do and he didn't know how he could do it from here. "They need to know I'm okay."

"You want to get back in your car," she said quietly.

"Hell, yes." He faced her and saw the worry pleating her forehead. She claimed she didn't care, but not even the dim lighting in the courtyard could hide the concern plain as day on her expressive face. He wasn't sure how he felt about that. Part of him liked it. Part of him wanted to run. "But I'm not ready. And, contrary to what you think, I don't have a death wish. I won't drive again until I'm cleared."

If he was ever cleared.

"Why don't you go home?"

"You're just trying to get rid of me because I make you hot."

A smile flickered across her mouth and her cheeks pinked in the milky moonlight. "Maybe."

"I'm supposed to be watching the wedding party. Even though we both know that's bull."

"Vincent asked Franco-Stacy's...um...boyfriend-to watch over us, too, so it's not like we wouldn't have someone to turn to if problems cropped up. You could go home for a few days, reassure your teammates and then come back. Vincent would never have to know."

The idea sounded plausible. Doable. "I don't lie to my friends. I'll run it by him. If he agrees, I'll go." He needed to go.

He curved his hands over her smooth shoulders, savoring the warm satin of her skin. "While I'm gone, do you think you can dig up some of your father's courage and find the guts to admit you want me instead of blowing hot and cold?"

She stiffened. "I don't want to want you. I'd give anything not to want you."

That hit hard and low. "A driver's not good enough for you?"

She winced at the harsh tone of his voice. "It's not you, Toby. It's me. I don't like who I am when I'm with you."

"A sex goddess who blows my-" he cocked an eyebrow "-mind?"

She blinked, blushed and then shook her head. "An impractical, impulsive, out-of-control stranger."

"We've covered that. I told you bed's the one place it's good to lose control. And I like losing it with you." He tucked a windblown strand of hair behind her ear and then cupped her cheek. The hitch in her breath sent him flashing back to the sounds she'd made hours ago when he'd been deep inside her, but something soft and warm in her expression warned him to paint the boundaries. "What's wrong with a little sex between friends?"

Her eyes widened. "Friends? Is that what we are?"

If not friends, then what? He had nothing more to offer. "I like you, Amelia. But neither one of us wants this to end at the altar. You in my bed in Monaco-that's what I want. What we both want. You're the one who laid those ground rules. And I guarantee you will not get stuck with me."

She tilted her head back and bit her lip. A string of emotions-caution, worry, desire-chased across her face before she blinked them away and met his gaze. "Okay. We'll have Monaco."

She needed an intervention, Amelia decided Sunday night.

Because she'd lost her mind.

There was absolutely no other way to explain why she'd agreed to Toby's risky proposition.

As soon as she'd agreed to his terms Friday night, he'd whisked her back to the hotel and into his suite, where he'd made lo-ahem-had sex with her for hours. Amazing, lost-count-of-how-many-cli**xes-she'd-had sex.

By the time she'd awoken Saturday morning, Toby had already left the hotel. She'd run her hand over his empty pillow and wished he didn't have a self-destructive streak a mile wide. Sure, he claimed he didn't take unnecessary chances and she'd seen a few hints of rational behavior. But she'd also seen the yearning in his eyes when he talked about getting back in his race car. And it had only been weeks since his last crash.

Amelia knew from experience that daredevils never changed their ways. She'd had too many run-ins with frequent flyers-the patients who swore they'd never repeat the risky feat that had landed them in the hospital only to have them return later. She didn't trust mere words. Seeing was believing.

The scary part was that for one foolish moment this morning she'd wanted to change Toby, to ask him to take up a safer occupation. But for years she'd watched her mother try-and fail-to change her father.

A relationship with a man like Toby was akin to walking a high wire without a net. Sooner or later she'd fall and the landing would be painful. Probably crippling.

Getting involved with him was complicated on so many levels. Besides her dysfunctional family, there was Neal. She'd already buried one man she loved. She couldn't handle burying another. She couldn't-wouldn't-let herself love Toby. She could be his "friend" for her remaining time in Monaco, but that was where she absolutely had to draw the line.

And since she couldn't count on Candace or Madeline to be voices of reason, she'd decided to launch her own intervention.

A tap on her bedroom door yielded Madeline. "Are you sure you don't want to go with Stacy and me to Le Texan? I've heard everybody who's anybody hits their Alamo Bar for margaritas."

The chance to do more celebrity watching tempted her, but Amelia had more important plans. One way or another she was going to cure herself of this ridiculous crush she had on Toby Haynes. And a crush is all it is.

"No, but thanks for asking. You two have fun. I'm going to kick back, watch some TV and catch up on sleep."

A valid excuse since they'd been keeping late hours and Toby had kept her awake most of Friday night.

Stacy joined Madeline and asked, "You're sure?"

"I'm good here. I might even try one of those decadent desserts the chef specializes in. Have fun."

"Okay, then. G'night."

Amelia wiped her damp palms on her jeans and reached for the remote. Assignment one: witness every hair-raising lap and crash of today's NASCAR race. Assignment two: bury herself in Internet research and bombard her brain with race wreck and fatality statistics. Assignment three: a clean, swift break.

It didn't take long to find an American sports network broadcasting the race live. Her stomach knotted and her pulse quickened as she watched the pace car circle the Michigan race track.

Toby was there. Somewhere. In the crowd. He might not be driving one of those cars today, but he would be as soon as he could be.

And she was going to sit through this race if it killed her, because she needed to remind herself what he did for a living.

Toby Haynes risked his life for sport.

"Hey, buddy, switch?"

Amelia's heart and feet faltered at the sound of a familiar deep Southern drawl. She stepped on Prince Dominic's toes, winced an apology and jerked to a halt in the middle of La Salle Des Etoiles, the location of Le Bal de L'Ete, a charity ball held in the Monte Carlo Sporting Club.

Toby, with Madeline as his partner, stood beside them. The other dancers flowed past their little quartet.

Dominic released Amelia and bowed. "Certainly. Thank you for the dance, Amelia."

"Um...you're welcome, Your Highness."

Madeline, looking none too happy over the exchange, paired up with Prince Dominic. The irony of the situation tweaked Amelia's funny bone. Madeline, the one who'd sworn just days ago that she wouldn't fall for the magic of Monaco, had discovered her vacation lover was an incognito prince. A real prince with a crown, a kingdom and the whole shebang.

With more than a little reluctance Amelia moved stiffly into Toby's arms. Anger simmered beneath the surface. She didn't want to dance with him and kept as wide a distance as possible between their bodies, but there was no denying the pulse-accelerating effect of his warm hands resting on her waist and enclosing her fingers. She numbly followed his lead.

His silvery-blue gaze rolled across her bare shoulders, down her yellow tulle dress and back up to her face and upswept hair. "You look good."

Amelia glared at him, but her body tingled as a result of his thorough scrutiny, and her breath caught at the hunger in his eyes when their gazes met. Worse, her own hormones kicked into action.

"Let me guess. This is a booty call?"

His eyes narrowed. "Come again?"

"You could have phoned." She instantly wanted the bitchy words back. She sounded like a nagging wife, and that was something she'd vowed to never become. But after his big show of "friendship," Toby hadn't called or e-mailed once in the seven days since he'd left.

Wasn't it adolescent of her to have hurt feelings?

For a moment Toby looked as if he had something serious to say and then the playboy facade dropped over him as clearly as the curtain had closed after the play she'd attended with her suitemates Thursday night.

That killer smile curved his lips. And there went her toes, dammit. "Miss me, sugar?"

Yes. Dammit squared. "Your ego astounds me."

"That's not the only thing." A naughty glint lit his eyes and her pulse took off for the races.

She was annoyed with him for not calling and even more irritated with herself for jumping each time the hotel phone rang or the message light flashed.

She hadn't known if or when he would return until she'd looked up ten minutes ago and spotted him at the entrance of the ballroom, standing beside Vincent Reynard, the groom-to-be. For someone who'd been eager to get rid of Toby two weeks ago, Amelia had been alarmingly happy to see him tonight. And then a bevy of beautiful, fawning females had surrounded him-the same way they had on the race shows she'd watched. At least none of these elegantly gowned women had whipped out a Sharpie and asked him to autograph bare skin the way the race fans had.

She was jealous, she realized with jaw-dropping shock, of the groupies and the ball beauties. She didn't have the right and didn't want the right to object to the company Toby kept. No, sir. Uh-uh.

But the overly attentive women raised her hackles.

Clearly her intervention hadn't worked as well as she'd hoped.

"Excuse me." She tried to pull away, but his hold tightened. He yanked her against the hard, hot length of his body. The lapels of his tux jacket scraped against her sensitive br**sts, making her gasp as sensation shot straight to her core, and every cell in her body shouted, Welcome home!

That wasn't good.

"What kind of hello is that for a man who's flown across an ocean to hold you?" he murmured against her temple.

Her breath hitched and a tingle raced through her. She wrenched free without thinking and then noticed her sudden movement hadn't left him unsteady. "Your equilibrium has improved. You'll be returning to the track soon."

"Hope so. Let's get out of here."

"What if I want to stay and dance?"

You're being contrary, Amelia.

He glanced over the crowd-many of whom were staring back at them since they stood in the middle of the dance floor.

"I can manage a few slow ones while you hunt for famous faces."

Her temper cooled enough for her to notice his pallor beneath his tan and the strain tightening his lips. "Toby, are you okay?"

He shrugged. "I've been poked and prodded, X-rayed and MRI'ed from one end to the other this week. I've put out fires, done interviews and personally reassured each HRI team member and every sponsor. Reynard Hotels is only one of dozens we use. What I really need is to get horizontal. Preferably with you beside me."

Anticipation fizzed over her in a wave of goose bumps. The scary thing was that beside him was exactly where she wanted to be.

That definitely was not good.

Nine

Amelia had never had a date fall asleep on her before. Should she be insulted?But Toby wasn't exactly a date. He was her temporary lover and the last obstacle to overcome in getting her life back on the right track.

Although the hotel was barely a mile away, traffic moved at a crawl compliments of the vast number of people wanting to celebrate the opening of the Monte Carlo season. Toby hadn't lasted five minutes in the dark car before his big body tilted against hers.

She liked the warmth and solid weight of him against her side. Turning her head slightly, she buried her nose in his soft hair to inhale his scent. Desire curled deep in her abdomen. How could she want him this badly? Which twisted Fate had cursed her to finding sexual satisfaction with the one type of man she'd sworn to avoid?

But was Toby really an adrenaline junkie in the sense that she'd come to know and despise through her job?

She'd spent countless hours on the Internet over the past week, learning more about NASCAR than she'd ever wanted to know, and what she'd learned had surprised her. Safety was apparently a priority for the organization, and the rules and regulations intended to keep the drivers safe were overwhelming.

Car racing wasn't bungee jumping, but she'd always dumped them in the same category. Reckless. Pointless. Stupid.

The articles she'd read about Toby from Business Week to ESPN had all been complimentary. They'd praised his driving skill, his coolheadedness, his business acumen and his determination to make his organization one of the best. In fact, one of the magazines had proclaimed Haynes Racing Inc. a rising star among NASCAR's top dynasties.

Was she wrong about Toby? She suspected she might be. Without a doubt he had an ego, but it looked as though he'd earned the right to be proud. And maybe she had been prejudiced.

Was she also wrong about her father?

As a child, she'd only heard her mother's side of the story. The slurs had only increased in frequency and viciousness after her father's accident. These days Amelia tuned out the words when the tone turned ugly. But until Toby had pointed it out, she had never considered the financial side. Her father had planned ahead and he had provided for them. If not for his pneumonia and long hospital stay, they would have managed without her grandparents' assistance-not that she'd ever wish Gran and Pops out of her life. She adored them both, and if not for them holding the fort, Amelia couldn't be in Monaco.

People who lived for the moment didn't plan ahead. They acted impulsively, foolishly and without thought for others. Despite his risky job, her father didn't fit that description.

Neither did Toby.

Or was she just fooling herself? Had sexual attraction impaired her ability to think logically?

She studied Toby in the darkness of the limo. Each flicker of light from passing cars and buildings accentuated the tired lines on his face. He looked softer somehow and more boyish without the playboy facade or the competitive edge sharpening his square jaw and prominent cheekbones.

Struggling with the need to trace the shadowy smudges beneath his eyes, she tightened her fingers around his where he'd linked their hands and rested them on his thigh and shifted her gaze to the designer boutiques, sidewalk cafes and posh hotels outside the windows.

Of the trio of her, Candace and Madeline, Amelia had always considered herself the together one. She was the one who knew where she was going and had a plan to get there. Or so she'd thought. She had a job she loved, a comfortable home and great friends. Before Monaco, she'd been convinced the only thing keeping her life from being perfect was the right man to share it with.

How could she have been so wrong? A man wouldn't fix what ailed her. She needed to work on herself. And why had it taken Toby and a trip abroad to show her the error of her ways? She'd learned more about herself in the past two weeks than she had in the previous twenty-seven years.

She'd been sabotaging her search for Mr. Right, emulating her mother's martyrdom and harboring a secret resentment toward her father for an accident that probably hadn't been his fault. She was a psychiatrist's dream patient. He'd hear her pathetic tale and see the dollar signs years of therapy would generate.

The question was, where did she go from here?

Amelia didn't have the answer when the limo stopped at the hotel entrance. She braced herself for another dose of Toby's magnetism and then gently shook him. "Toby, we're here."

He jerked upright, blinked and then his eyes zeroed in on hers. How could he look alert so quickly? "Sorry. Too many twenty-hour days."

"That's not good for you-especially with a concussion."

"Did I ever tell you your nurse voice turns me on?"

Heat seeped through her veins like an IV narcotic, leaving her flushed and dizzy. Luckily Louis opened the door at that moment, giving her a few minutes to recover.

Toby helped her from the car. "Night, Louis."

"Good night, sir." He nodded. "Mademoiselle."

"Good night, Louis," she replied as Toby's arm looped around her waist. He led her into the hotel and straight to the elevator. For some foolish reason Amelia's muscles tightened with nervousness. "Should I congratulate you on your team's performance last weekend?"

He turned sharply. "You watched?"

"Yes. And the race shows afterward, too." Her stomach burned and churned. "I saw you on the pit box. You're quite popular with female fans."

The brass doors opened. The hand at her waist urged her into the cubicle. Toby leaned a shoulder against the wall and appraised her. "Jealous?"

Yes. She focused on the seam between the doors. "I would like to think for safety's sake that we are exclusive during this...affair."

He caught her chin and forced her to look at him. His eyes were direct and sincere. "I barely slept while I was gone. When I did, I slept alone."

She shouldn't feel relieved and hated that she did. If he'd tomcatted around, she'd have the perfect excuse to end this before it was too late. "I couldn't blame you if you did. Those women are beautiful, built like Barbie dolls and-"

"Easy."

She frowned. "Are you saying I'm not? Because I fell into bed with you faster than I ever have with anyone before. Then and now."

He laughed. "Sugar, you wear me out with all the chasing. But that's okay. I like chasing you. Great view."

He accompanied his words by patting and then caressing her bottom. Her internal muscles squeezed. Backing her against the wall, he lowered his head. Shamelessly eager for his kiss, Amelia lifted her chin. His breath swept her lips and her knees weakened.

The elevator opened with a ding. Toby withdrew, leaving her unsatisfied. He linked his fingers through hers and towed her down the hall to his suite. There was no question where she'd spend the night and she didn't play coy. For better or worse, she wanted this, wanted him.

She stepped inside and stopped abruptly. Two lamps lit the sitting area and a torchiere illuminated the space in front of the windows where the dining room table used to be. "What is that?"

He banded his arms around her from behind, sandwiching her between the warmth of his hands on her belly and the press of his lean body blanketing her back. His lips grazed her bare throat, making her hot and trembly. "Ping-Pong table."

"I can see that. But why do you have one in your suite?" She gasped as he nipped her earlobe. His hands rose at a snail's pace to finally cover her br**sts. For a man whose claim to fame lay in speed, he could be incredibly, torturously slow at times.

"We're going into training tomorrow. But tonight we're gonna make up for lost time."

The latter statement made her heart stutter, but she focused on the former. "What kind of training?"

"Eye-hand. Reflexes. Reaction times. Endurance." He shifted his hips, and the hard length of his erection pressed the small of her back. "Ever play video games?"

"Um...no."

"I'll teach you. Loser plays nak*d."

"I don't think so."

He had no problem with eye-hand coordination, if the thumbs simultaneously circling her br**sts were any indication. And endurance...Her train of thought jumped the track as he pinched and rolled her n**ples through her gown. Oh, yeah. Endurance had never been an issue either.

Desire knotted inside her. It wasn't fair that Toby could make her ache when the two men she'd loved enough for intimacy hadn't even scratched the surface.

He nudged her forward with a bump of his hips. They crossed the room and stopped with the side of the green table pressing inches below her mound. Toby released her without stepping away. The air shifted as he moved behind her. Out of the corner of her eye she saw his tux jacket hit the floor. His shirt followed. And then he unzipped her dress. His warm, slightly rough hands brushed her shoulders, sweeping the spaghetti straps down her arms until the yellow fabric pooled on the table. The cut of the dress hadn't allowed for a bra.

He sucked a sharp breath and ran a finger under the elastic of her plain white cotton panties. "These are so damned sexy."

He had to be joking. She wanted to turn and look in his eyes, but Toby held her captive between his h*ps and the table. "Don't most men prefer Victoria's Secret thongs or something sheer?"

His bare chest scorched her back and his hands recaptured her br**sts. He caressed, plucked the tight tips and licked, sucked and nibbled her neck for excruciating moments before answering, "I'm not most men. I like these-" he snapped the elastic, and the slight sting below her navel was about the most erotic thing Amelia had ever experienced "-because they're straitlaced. When I get you between the sheets, you're anything but. You burn me up."

Had it not been for the table digging into the tops of her thighs, she might have collapsed. Leaning forward, she flattened her palms on the cool table to keep herself upright.

"Got a problem with that?" He pushed her panties past her hips, bunching them with her gown at table height. Slipping his fingers into the cleft of her body, he found her wetness. His growl vibrated against her nape and down her spine.

"No," she whispered. Desire arrowed straight to her core as he caressed her. Her fingers and toes contracted. She was incredibly close to cli**x and he hadn't even kissed her mouth yet.

She tensed, trying to maintain control, and he bit her neck, not hard enough to leave a mark but enough to make her drop her guard.

"Let go for me, Amelia," he ordered.

One hand teased her breast. The other delved through her damp curls with devastating, unrelenting accuracy. His teeth grazed a trail along her neck and shoulder as he relentlessly rushed her over the edge. She shuddered in his arms as release racked her far too quickly.

She needed more. Needed him. Inside her. She pushed her bottom against his erection. "Toby, please."

He grasped her waist, spun her around and lifted her out of her dress to sit her on the table. A quick movement stripped her panties down her legs, but he left her stiletto sandals behind. He stepped between her thighs. Clamping his hand behind her neck, he yanked her forward for a slap of her br**sts against his chest and a ravenous meeting of mouths. His tongue thrust deep, tangled, stroked. His hurried hands raked her back, her bottom, her legs.

Impatient, she tugged open his belt and pants and cupped his erection through his briefs. What had he done to her? When had she become a woman driven by her desires?

He swore when her fingers delved beneath fabric to surround him, shoved his hand into his pocket and retrieved a condom and then let his pants fall to his ankles. Amelia took the packet from him, ripped it open and rolled the latex down his steely shaft.

He gritted his teeth and inhaled deeply through his nose, and then his hands curled around her h*ps and pulled her forward. She guided him into her center, where he plunged deep in one sure stroke. His heart pounded hard and fast beneath her palm and his chest hair tickled her skin.

He speared his hands into her hair and then muttered against her lips as his h*ps pistoned. "Hair. Down."

She reached up and released the single clip. Her hair tumbled in a cool tangle against her shoulders. His fingers stabbed into the strands, dragging her back until her spine pressed against the cold table.

The table was hard. Toby was harder. Hotter. He pounded into her. She tangled her legs around his waist and arched to meet each hurried thrust. This wasn't like before. This need was stronger. Deeper. More intense. Her muscles quivered as passion built swiftly. The control she valued so highly was nowhere to be found. Seconds later, release rocketed through her.

Toby's groan mingled with her moan as he shuddered above her and then stilled. His labored breaths steamed her neck. His lips and hands soothed as if to make up for the frenzied lovemaking.

Slowly he eased upright, bracing his weight on one arm. His gaze met hers and his palm cradled her cheek. "For what it's worth, I missed you, too. Didn't want to. Didn't have time to." He shrugged. "But that's the way it is."

Her stomach swooped as if she'd plunged over the peak of the highest roller coaster. And there in the least romantic place in the entire world-flat on her back on top of a Ping-Pong table, for pity's sake-Amelia realized this wasn't a crush.

She'd done the unthinkable.

She'd fallen in love with Toby Haynes.

And there was no chance at all that he'd ever return her feelings. Or that she'd want him to.

Whoever had come up with the line "Out of sight, out of mind" was full of crap.

Toby stared at the ceiling, unable to sleep despite the fatigue chaining his body to the mattress. But instead of rising and dealing with the mountain of race weekend work waiting on his notebook computer, he stayed where he was with Amelia tucked against his side and her head on his shoulder. Warm. Soft. Asleep. Her sweet-smelling hair teased his chin and her soft puffs of breath stirred his chest hair. One silky leg snaked across his.

She'd been antsy as hell to leave after that embarrassingly fast encounter on the Ping-Pong table, but he'd bulldozed her into the shower and then back to bed for a slower round. He had to make it up to her for going off like an inexperienced kid beneath the high school bleachers.

What in the hell had happened tonight?

He'd been looking forward to surprising her at the ball, to telling her about his medical progress and his crazy week and hearing about hers. But the moment he'd spotted her in the prince's arms he'd wanted to kick some royal ass. Knowing the guy was her suitemate's lover hadn't made a bit of difference. Toby had wanted blue blood on his knuckles.

Because of his father, Toby didn't do violence. He let his driving do the talking instead of his fists.

And he didn't do jealousy. He had never made a fool of himself over any woman and never would. But he'd felt more than a twinge of possessiveness tonight. Amelia was his. For now. He'd worked damned hard to get her back in the sack.

It hadn't helped that he knew she deserved a man who could give her the royal treatment and fulfill all her silly romantic notions. God knows she had a surplus of those.

Despite having the Atlantic Ocean and a seven-hour time difference between them, she'd monopolized his thoughts all week. He'd driven himself to exhaustion day after day, but every night he'd fallen asleep thinking about her. She'd invaded his dreams and been his first waking thought each morning-a result of the morning boner those dreams had generated, he assured himself.

He'd wanted her no-nonsense opinion on this medical test or that one and he'd wondered what she'd think of the other drivers' wives. Some were in it for the money and attention, but there were a few stickers he thought she'd like.

Did Amelia have what it took to be a sticker? To stand by her man through good times and bad?

Probably. But it didn't matter. He didn't do long-term relationships.

He had to nip this thing he had for Amelia Lambert in the bud before he wasted any more time picturing her nak*d on the king-size bed of his motor coach.

He had two weeks left to get his fill of her, and the only way to do that was to saturate himself with her company and her body. Starting now, he'd stick to her as tight as the decals on his race car.

And then it would be over and he'd be free of this obsession that had haunted him for months.

"Where are you going?"

Amelia winced at the sound of Toby's sleep-roughened voice behind her. "To my room."

She gave up on the stubborn zipper and reached for the doorknob. She'd hoped to escape his suite without having to face him. The discovery of her feelings was too new and raw.

She heard him cross the room, and then his warm fingers brushed her spine as he finished zipping her dress. "Stay. I'll order breakfast."

Her nerve endings danced beneath a tent of goose bumps. She didn't want to turn around. Didn't want to look him in the eye. If he guessed her feelings, he might pity her, and she'd had a lifetime of pitying looks from the neighbors after each of her parents' shouting matches.

Or, worse, he might paste on that professional face he wore when approached by autograph-seeking fans. There was nothing wrong with that face if you didn't know him well enough to see the walls behind the smile. But she did.

That brash smile hid a really nice guy. One who was loyal to his friends and his employees. One who'd been abandoned by his mother and hurt by his father but had still managed to turn out all right. Better than all right. And it was those moments when she'd glimpsed past the cocky attitude that had landed her in this trouble.

"I need clothes. I can't wear my evening gown all day."

The pale yellow tulle showed signs of having spent the night on the floor. Last night the gown had made her feel like a wood nymph. Today it looked more like crumpled litter.

And she needed space. To think. To decide how to fix this mess she'd gotten into. If it was fixable.

"I'll lend you a shirt." His arms banded around her, pulling her stiff body against his. From the intensity of the heat, she guessed he'd climbed from the bed nak*d to come after her. "You'll look sexy as hell in my shirt."

"I don't want to miss Candace's morning meeting."

"Vincent hasn't seen her in weeks. He'll keep her occupied."

"You don't know that for sure."

"Yeah, I do. Last night he told me he planned to take her to his place and keep her in bed for a week." His bristly chin prickled deliciously against her jaw, and his hands stoked the fires that should have been extinguished last night. "Sounds like a good plan."

"Toby-" Her breath hitched as he cupped her mound through the wispy layers of fabric. "I can't find my panties. Last night's or the ones you stole the other day."

"I'm holding them for ransom." She felt his smile against her cheek and heard it in his voice.

His fingers worked magic, pooling heat beneath his palm. If she didn't get away soon, she'd cave. She twisted abruptly and pulled out of his arms. He looked sleep-rumpled and sexy with his hair standing in golden spikes and a morning erection that begged for attention. Dangerous territory.

She focused on the tiny scar on the bridge of his nose rather than his eyes or his gorgeous body. "I want my own clothes."

He swiped a hand across his chin. "Yeah. Okay. Bring a couple of days' worth while you're at it."

"Why?"

"You'll be spending your nights here."

Internal alarms clanged. "That's not a good idea."

"You like sneaking out every morning?"

Not really. "Sharing your room is too...domesticated."

"It's convenient."

She gathered her courage and met his gaze. Her resistance wavered, but she soldiered on. "Have you ever lived with a woman before?"

"No."

"And I've never lived with a man. I don't think we should be each other's firsts for something so important."

"It's only for two weeks."

"It would still feel like a commitment to me. And you said...you didn't want one of those." She hated the slight rise in her voice, as if she were asking instead of stating a fact.

His expression closed. "Monaco only. That's our deal."

Her heart sank a little. Yes, that was their deal. One she'd readily agreed to. How could she have known her feelings for Toby would change? But his hadn't. And just because she'd fallen for him didn't mean she could ever be comfortable with his hazardous career.

That being the case, she couldn't and wouldn't let herself get used to playing house with Toby. It would make ending this relationship even more difficult.

His eyebrows lowered. He looked ready to argue but shook his head as if deciding against it. "Today's race day. I want to show you what I do when I'm not in the car. One of my techies did some space-age stuff and rigged up my laptop so I can communicate with the team live. You can listen in on the radio."

His excitement was palpable and curiosity got the better of her. "Okay."

"We'll start after we work out. Bring clothes for today and tonight, too." He turned and strode back into the bedroom.

Amelia stared after him, both stunned and amused by his assumption that she'd comply without question. He'd soon see otherwise.

And as inevitable as sunrise, she'd soon see heartbreak.

Who was this impostor and what had he done with Toby Haynes? Amelia asked herself as she paced Toby's suite Sunday night.

The seductive playboy had vanished, and in his place sat a sharp, decisive, no-nonsense businessman. Even his body language had changed. Instead of a casual you-know-you-want-me-come-and-get-me posture, Toby looked commanding and every inch the multimillionaire force to be reckoned with the magazines declared him to be.

He communicated with his teams via a headset microphone and watched the race live through his laptop. Beyond the computer screen on the coffee table, a big flat-panel TV hanging on the far wall also played the race. Toby watched both with an eagle eye and juggled comments and responses to and from the three race teams he had running today as easily as he'd recite his alphabet.

Frankly Amelia found this new persona incredibly sexy. And she hadn't had many complaints with the previous one.

For the past two hours he'd analyzed and discussed how to run this race from thousands of miles away. When time permitted, he'd turn off the microphone and explain some of the goings on to her.

Amelia had expected to be bored. She wasn't. The difference between watching this race with Toby and watching last weekend's alone was like night and day. In fact, this behind-the-scenes view fascinated her and had taught her a very important lesson.

Racing wasn't about the wrecks. It was strategy. Like chess. Only faster. And with more at stake. Sure, most of the technical lingo streaming through the speakers zipped right over her head, but from what she gathered, rocket-science calculations influenced every decision, from when and how many tires to change to when to stop for gas and how much to put in the tank.

She'd had no idea driving in circles-or in this case, on an irregularly shaped road course-could be so complicated.

A string of curses erupted from the computer. She recognized Toby's substitute driver's voice. The young driver was a hothead. It wasn't the first time he'd gone off.

"What happened?" she asked as his car pulled out of line. Several vehicles passed him.

Toby silenced the mic. "He got hung out to dry." At her confused frown he explained, "The car behind Jay's bumped him out of place. He lost the draft. It slows him down and he falls back in the pack."

The driver made a few erratic moves on the track as if he wanted to sideswipe someone.

Toby said, "Jay, if you bend my car on purpose, you're out of a job. Shake it off. The best revenge is finishing ahead of the dickhead, and if you keep your cool, you can be a contender. We're not looking for a win. Just a top-ten finish."

Another surprise: winning wasn't everything. Consistency ruled. A bunch of top-ten finishes triumphed over a few number ones in the NASCAR scoring system.

"I'm going to take him out," the driver replied.

"If you try, you run the risk of cutting a tire, hitting the wall and taking yourself out. Play it safe. Be patient."

Play it safe. Be patient.

She never would have expected to hear those words from Toby's lips. She would have expected a risk-taking adrenaline junkie to encourage retribution. Instead Toby calmly talked his guy out of anger. Again.

Energy rolled off Toby in waves-waves that filled Amelia and made sitting still difficult. He'd been focused so intently that, other than talking to her, he hadn't taken a break since before the race began. His voice was beginning to get husky. She crossed to the minibar, poured him a glass of iced water and slipped in front of him.

He winked his thanks and her heart hiccuped. Two weeks. She had two weeks left and then he'd be gone. Back to his races. Back to his female fans.

Another pair of cars bumped. Smoke filled the air surrounding them and sparks arched off the pavement. "Caution flag's out, Jay. Settle down. Be ready to move on green."

Toby flipped up his microphone, caught her hand and pulled her into his lap. His thighs were hard beneath her bottom, his palm warm on her belly, her need instantaneous.

"Having fun yet?"

"Yes." And she meant it. She marveled at the change. In him. In her. Instead of viewing the race as forty-three men trying to kill themselves, she'd caught Toby's excitement.

Omigod. Surely with her aversion to dangerous sports she wasn't becoming a NASCAR fan?

He massaged her nape. "When we get back to the States, I want you to come to a race."

Amelia gasped in surprise and hope surged in her chest. Was he saying he wanted more than Monaco? And if so, could she live with knowing each day he went to work might be his last?

She didn't know. The only thing she knew for sure was that she didn't want to become a nag like her mother.

As if he'd read her mind he said, "Just one race before we say goodbye."

Her hopes plummeted. Apparently this race-her race to win Toby's heart-was all about the crash.

Ten

Some butts were made for bicycle shorts, Amelia decided Wednesday afternoon as she watched Toby climb from his bike at the top of the hill outside a village perched on the side of a mountain.She'd enjoyed every bit of the scenery on today's ride from Monaco into France, including the jagged cliffs, olive groves and cypress, pine and mimosa trees. But she'd especially enjoyed following Toby's tush in skintight black Lycra.

The week while he'd been in the States had dragged, but the four days since his return had flown past. When Candace didn't have her working on the wedding, Toby had kept her occupied for the remainder of the days and nights. She hadn't had a moment to herself.

With his equilibrium returned, Toby had exercised and played at a furious pace, but always with the proper safety gear and always including her. If she'd ever doubted his safety-consciousness, then he'd shown her differently. He'd practically armored them both to go mountain biking today and Jet Skiing yesterday. He'd made her wear eye and hand protection and a mouth guard to play handball. A mouth guard, for pity's sake. That had to be the least sexy thing she'd ever worn in her life.

Boy, had she been wrong about him being reckless. That didn't help her situation. If he'd been careless just once, it would have made pulling back easier.

She dismounted and walked beside him. "So where are we and why are we here?"

"Roquebrune-Cap-Martin has a tenth-century castle. Since you're into that stuff, I thought you'd enjoy a tour."

She fell a little deeper in love with him in that instant, as she had done a half dozen other times this week. Like when he'd surprised her with a snow globe of the Monte Carlo Casino, her favorite building, or when he'd taken her to dinner and a couple of clubs where celebrities hung out and let her gawk her fill of famous faces. And now a castle tour.

"We'll leave the bikes here and climb." He gestured first to a modern bike rack and then to the historic-looking steep stone steps.

She pressed a hand to her heart while he secured the bikes.

Would he go to this much trouble if he didn't care about her?

He shoved his sunglasses into his hair and pulled a bottle of water from his knapsack-a bag that included everything from sunscreen to a first-aid kit. She knew because she'd watched him pack it.

"Thanks." She twisted off the cap and sipped. The chilled water cooled her parched throat. A rivulet escaped her lips and ran down her chin.

Toby reached out and caught it with his thumb-a thumb that caressed her jawline and eventually paused over her rapidly beating pulse. His silvery-blue gaze locked on hers and heated.

She gulped and offered him the bottle when what she needed to do was dump the cool liquid over her overheated body.

He raised the plastic to his lips. The simple act of drinking behind her seemed as intimate as a kiss, and it, combined with the promise in his eyes of passion to come later, stole her breath and dried her freshly moistened mouth. Sexual energy crackled between them.

Toby recapped the bottle, dropped it back in his pack and captured her hand. With each step she took into the past down medieval stone streets and steeple-covered alleyways Amelia became more determined to make her affair with Toby last as long as the ancient castle walls around them.

She couldn't be happy with just Monaco anymore. And maybe it was time she fought for what she wanted.

"I should have known men would bring sex toys and gag gifts to the shower," Amelia said to Candace Thursday night in the Hotel de Paris's luxurious Churchill Suite.

Candace flashed a wicked grin. "And I hope you and Toby enjoy your party favor."

The bride-to-be had given each member of the wedding party a set of "lovers' dice." One die had a body part on each side. Face, lips, breast, gen**als...The other had commands. Caress, touch, lick, bite...The players were supposed to roll the dice and do whatever the cubes commanded.

The hot look Toby had flashed Amelia when he'd opened his gift had nearly incinerated her on the spot. Without a doubt he was looking forward to using his new toy, but not because he needed help being creative in bed.

Amelia shook her head to clear the haze of arousal clouding her thinking. "Candace, you have to stop matchmaking."

"You must admit I did a stellar job this time. You guys are perfect together."

All Amelia had to do was convince Toby of that. And she intended to try.

A knock on the door yielded the porter towing a luggage trolley.

"Would you please load up the gifts and carry them to the limo waiting downstairs?" Amelia instructed.

He went to work and Amelia turned back to Candace. "I could wring your neck for lying to me-to all of us-about this pregnancy. Not only was it not a secret, you've been using your morning sickness like a get-out-of-jail-free card."

"Oops. Busted." Candace gave an unrepentant shrug. "Tonight was truly amazing. I can't thank you enough. You and Toby make a great team."

The Jack-and-Jill shower had been a success not only because the menu Amelia and Toby had chosen had been delicious and the setting spectacular but also because the naughty gifts and commentary provided by Vincent's friends had kept everyone entertained.

"And that video roast Toby put together for Vincent with the other NASCAR drivers was a hoot. I laughed so hard I almost wet myself. He's definitely a keeper, Amelia."

"Enough already. Message received."

The porter finished and headed for the door.

Candace kissed Amelia's cheek. "That's my cue. I'm going to take this loot to Vincent's place. If you see him before I do, tell him he owes me for skipping out early. I know he and Toby had to talk business, but this is a huge haul. I'll see you tomorrow."

Smiling at a job well done, Amelia shut the door behind her friend and scooped up the last of the wrapping paper. She stuffed it into a trash bag and glanced at her watch. Room service would be here with dinner in just over an hour. She scanned the suite one last time. Maid service would clean up tomorrow, but Amelia wanted to get the worst of it before Toby returned. He'd disappeared somewhere with Vincent about twenty minutes ago.

Early-evening sun streamed through the wall of windows at her back, casting a golden glow across the parallel white sofas. She tilted her head and considered the fireplace centered in the dark wainscoted wall. Was it too warm to have a fire? She'd never made love in front of a blaze. It would be a first, one of many she wanted to share with Toby.

When room service arrived, she'd ask them to light the logs. Happy with her decision, she set the trash bag by the door and headed for the bedroom.

Her blood raced in anticipation of the night ahead-one of only ten they had left in Monaco. Because he'd reserved the room for the entire day and night, Toby had suggested she pack a bag and plan to stay here tonight instead of returning to Hotel Reynard.

All week Amelia had stubbornly refused to move into his room despite his repeated requests. Tonight she had a surprise for him. She'd not only packed, she had some sexy ammunition that she'd picked up when she'd bought Candace's negligee at the designer outlet. The teddy was easily the most decadent piece of lingerie Amelia had ever owned.

Convincing Toby he wanted to continue their relationship beyond Monaco wouldn't be easy, but she couldn't give up without a fight. She had every intention of using this sumptuous suite and luxurious bath to further her seduction. If she was lucky, he'd return in time to join her in the oversize tub.

She reached for the zipper at the back of her dress, but the sound of male voices coming from the balcony outside the bedroom stilled her hand. The door was partially open and the gauzy curtains undulated in a gentle breeze.

"I can't believe you did it."

She identified Vincent's voice and the smell of cigars and smiled at his compliment. He'd enjoyed the shower even though Candace said he'd protested that real men didn't attend bridal showers.

"You melted the icy nurse and got her into bed."

Amelia's blood ran cold. Icy nurse? Were they talking about her?

"It took you a year to do it," Vincent continued, "but you won the bet, man. I owe you a grand."

"You don't owe me anything," Toby replied.

"Yes, I do. None of the other guys will believe you succeeded. If I hadn't spotted Amelia coming out of your room this morning, I wouldn't believe it myself."

Amelia's pulse roared in her ears. Her knees weakened and her head swam. Cold formed inside her like an expanding snowball. Gasping, she leaned against the wall to keep from falling.

A bet. Toby had seduced her on a bet.

And she'd fallen in love with him.

Anger replaced humiliation. Outrage quickly followed suit. She wanted to throw something. To scream. To rant. To curse him. But she reined it in. She'd always had her mother's temper, she realized. The difference was Amelia knew how to control it.

She marched across the bedroom, shoved the sliding glass door wide open.

The men spun to face her.

"You jerk."

Toby dropped his cigar in the ashtray and slowly rose. "Amelia-"

"You used me."

Toby's jaw muscles bunched and his lips flatlined. "I didn't."

"How dare you make sport of my feelings? But then, you make sport of your life. I guess breaking my heart is no big deal." She held up a hand when he tried to speak. "I'm entertainment? A joke between you and your buddies?"

"It isn't like that."

"Did you or did you not make a bet to have sex with me?"

She saw the truth in the guilty flush on his face. She'd wanted him to deny it. Pain engulfed her like an avalanche. Cold. Hard. Fast. It pummeled her and left her dizzy.

"That was a long time ago." He strode toward her, reached for her.

She flinched out of reach. "Don't touch me."

"Sugar-"

"I'm not your sugar. I'm not your anything. All I am is another easy lay for NASCAR's poster boy."

"You're not easy. You're-"

"An idiot. An idiot who fell in love with the man I thought you were. Clearly I was deluded." Her eyes and throat burned. Terrified she'd break down and cry in front of him, she backed away. "And you're an even bigger idiot than I am, Toby Haynes. Because I loved you despite your enormous ego, your dangerous occupation and the fact that you're convinced every woman will leave you like your mother did."

She gulped a series of breaths and fought to regain her slipping control. "I would have stayed. No matter what."

He just stared. Silently. The man who talked all the time-even through sex-remained mute.

"You lose, Toby. We both do." A sob forced its way up her throat. She turned on her unsteady legs, snatched up her purse and overnight bag and ran from the suite like a coward.

This was one battle she wasn't strong enough to fight.

"That wasn't pretty," Vincent said.

"Shut up," Toby growled and tried to make sense of the sucking void opening inside him.

He ought to go after Amelia. But he didn't know what to say. He'd done the crime. He had no defense. Even if wanting her had stopped being about the bet a long time ago.

"I'm sorry she overheard. I thought she'd left with the rest of them."

Unable to untangle his thoughts or his tongue, Toby turned and looked at his friend.

Vincent's head snapped back as if Toby had punched him. "Shit. You fell for her."

"Of course not," Toby denied automatically. But he wasn't sure if the words were true. He wasn't sure of anything except that he'd hurt Amelia, and the pain in her eyes shredded him.

She'd said she loved him.

Past tense.

"You fell for her. And I screwed it up. Candace is going to kill me. She's been trying to get you guys together forever."

Vincent raked a hand down the unmarred side of his face, and for once Toby couldn't muster the guilt he felt every time he saw the scars caused by a freak accident behind his pit wall.

He couldn't feel anything. Numbness invaded him.

He'd made Amelia cry.

During the months he'd hounded her at the hospital he'd seen her lose patients and deal with hell on earth, which is how he'd come to view the burn ward. But he'd never seen Amelia cry. Until now.

He'd hurt her. And he had to fix it.

But he didn't know how.

Or why it mattered so much.

Thank God she'd caught them.

Amelia raced out of the hotel and right up to the limo as the porter loaded the last of the shower gifts into the trunk. She handed him her bag and joined Candace by the door.

Candace turned. "Did I forget something?"

"Get me out of here."

"What about your plans to spend the night? And why are you crying?"

Amelia put a hand to her cheeks. Wet. She hadn't even noticed the tears. "In the car. Please. Let's go. Hurry."

"Sure. Okay." Candace glanced back toward the entrance and then followed Amelia into the plush interior. "Start talking."

Amelia took a fortifying breath. "Toby slept with me on a bet."

"Oh, please. He's crazy about you. And the way he looked at you when he opened his dice..." She fanned her face. "I almost had an orgasm for you."

"I heard him, Candace. I heard Vincent say it and Toby didn't deny it." She accepted a tissue from Candace and blotted her face. "I fell for him and all he wanted was to score."

The teasing smile faded from Candace's face. "I'll skewer his nuts and Vincent's, too, if he was in on this."

At the moment, her petite blond friend looked capable of doing exactly that.

"Candace, I can't go back to Hotel Reynard. I can't look Toby in the eye and know I meant nothing to him. I just...I can't. I need time."

"Then you're really in love with him?"

Amelia's throat clogged, preventing speech. She nodded.

"Amelia, I've never seen you as happy as you've been this past week. Not even with Neal. Don't you want to give Toby a chance to explain?"

"I did. Please-help me find another place to stay or I'm going to have to go home."

"The man is an idiot. He doesn't deserve you."

As much as Toby had hurt her, Amelia's hackles rose at the insult. "He's not the idiot. I am. We agreed on a temporary affair. Monaco only. I'm the one who had a change of heart. You can't blame him for not loving me."

"Of course I can." Candace pulled out her cell phone. "I think I know of a place where you can stay. One he'd never think to search-assuming he has a conscience and decides to find you and apologize. If he does, you'd better make him grovel."

But Amelia knew that wasn't going to happen. She'd been nothing more than a game to Toby.

Game over.

The woman was like a ghost, Toby decided at the brunch he and Amelia were supposedly cohosting. One minute she was there and then, when he tried to reach her, she vanished.

On Friday she'd dodged him at the engagement party held on the world's largest privately owned yacht, which happened to be moored in Monaco's harbor. The yacht owners were friends of the Reynards and had expressed interest in sponsoring a race team. Toby hadn't managed to give a damn. He'd been too busy thinking a person could only run so far on a boat and yet Amelia had escaped him.

Saturday she'd avoided him at the cathedral when the wedding party had met with the officiant for an explanation about the differences between American and French ceremonies. The people of Monaco followed French law and that required a civil service. But Candace and Vincent wanted a religious blessing, too. That meant getting married twice. Toby couldn't imagine marrying once let alone repeating the mistake.

Talk about double jeopardy.

For an hour he'd sat two yards across the aisle from Amelia. He might as well have been on the other side of the Atlantic. She wouldn't look at him or speak to him.

When he'd tried to corner her after the preacher wrapped up his long-winded spiel, the bridesmaids had closed ranks and whisked Amelia away on some bridal errand.

The standbys he used with other women weren't working. He'd tried sending flowers, chocolate and jewelry, but each gift had been returned to his suite. He didn't know what else to do. He'd never had to work hard with women. Before Amelia, that is.

The schedule he'd copied from Candace's calendar weeks ago must have been scrapped, because Amelia hadn't been anywhere she was supposed to be.

The past two days, he'd taken to loitering in the lobby near the penthouse elevator, hoping to catch her when she stepped out, but this morning the concierge had informed him Amelia had moved out of the hotel. He couldn't say where she'd gone, and none of the bridal party or Vincent would talk.

Toby's only option was to ambush her at the brunch today, but so far his plans had been thwarted. He hadn't been able to get close enough to apologize. Amelia had managed to keep herself on the opposite side of the wide flagstone terrace earlier. And then, when they'd come inside to eat, she'd seated herself twelve feet away at the far end of the long dining room table.

He stared at her, willing her to look up, and ground his teeth in frustration. He could work his way through a pack of cars at almost two hundred miles an hour, but he couldn't get through two dozen guests.

But they were in a private villa, and he'd be damned if he'd let her escape again without talking to her.

Halfway through the meal, one of the servers stepped to Amelia's side and whispered something. Amelia nodded, rose and followed the woman out of the room. Toby saw his opening and headed after them. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Candace stand and Vincent pull her back down into her seat. He'd thank his buddy for that intervention later.

"Yes, that's fine. You can serve it with chocolate ganache and fresh raspberries instead of whipping cream," he heard Amelia say as he neared the kitchen, and then her heels clicked in his direction.

He ducked into an archway of the nearby study and then snagged her arm as she passed and reeled her into the room.

She squealed in surprise and then recognized him and jerked her arm free. "You scared me."

He shut the door. "I wouldn't have to sneak up on you if you'd quit avoiding me."

He missed her, dammit. Missed her sappy romantic notions. Missed her snappy set-downs when his ego got out of hand. Missed her touch. Her kisses. Her bony knees, for god's sake.

"I've been busy. What do you want? I have to get back."

He studied her pale face and the shadows beneath her hazel eyes that even heavier-than-usual makeup couldn't disguise. "I'm sorry."

Her chin lifted. "Sometimes sorry isn't enough."

"Dammit, Amelia-"

"What do you want from me, Toby?"

"I...don't know. But...not this."

She folded her arms across the top of a sleeveless lavender lace dress that outlined every single one of her delicate curves to mouthwatering perfection. "This is of your own making."

He didn't want to fight with her. He wanted her back in his bed wearing a sheen of sweat, a satisfied smile and nothing else.

But that wasn't what she wanted to hear right now.

"I won the bet when we slept together the first time."

"That makes me feel so much better." Her sarcasm cut deep.

"I won and I didn't tell anybody because I-" He scrubbed the back of his neck. "Because I didn't want them to know."

She studied him in silence. Waiting? For what? He didn't know. He inhaled, exhaled, searched in vain for the answer. "You were giving drivers frostbite left and right. Vincent was facing a setback. One of the grafts didn't take, and they'd just told him he might never regain use of his right hand. He was pretty torn up."

"I remember."

"I was trying to give him something to think about besides another round of debridement and more surgery. But one of the other guys overheard and news of the bet spread like stomach flu."

Her face softened. But he didn't see forgiveness. And that was what he wanted, he realized. He wanted her to forgive him. "I never intended to hurt you, Amelia."

"It was still a rotten thing to do."

"Yeah." He shoved a hand through his hair. "But we would have ended up together sooner or later. This thing between us-"

"It's over, Toby."

He couldn't accept that. She reached for the doorknob, but he wasn't ready to let her go. He splayed his palm on the wooden panel, holding it closed.

"The neurologist I've been seeing over here has cleared me to drive." He'd found out this morning and he hadn't told anyone. Not Vincent or even his teammates, who had vested interests. But he'd wanted to tell Amelia.

"Congratulations," she replied in a flat tone.

"I'll be flying back home immediately after the wedding reception Saturday to try and make the race. I'd have to start in the back of the pack since I'll miss qualifying, but it'll be worth it to get behind the wheel again."

"Driving with jet lag would be stupid."

"You're the one who said jet lag kicks in later. It shouldn't hit me until after the race."

She looked ready to argue. Instead she bit her bottom lip and shrugged. "It's your life."

She tried to step around him.

He cupped her shoulders and felt the muscles bunch. "Amelia, I am sorry."

Her eyes, more green than gold at the moment, met his. The sadness in the depths hit him like a head-on collision. "So am I."

She ducked away and left him. And he didn't feel any better.

The most romantic wedding in the world was going to be absolute torture.

Amelia fidgeted with the silk wrap of her strapless dress, the flowers in her upswept hair and then her monochromatic bouquet. Multicolor bouquets were considered in poor taste in Monaco, so Candace had chosen all white flowers.

Madeline came up beside Amelia to study their reflections in the big gilt mirror, and the phrase "Misery loves company" sprang to mind.

"We're a pitiful pair, aren't we?" Madeline whispered.

They were dressed similarly but in different shades. Candace had been determined to squeeze color into the ceremony somewhere and she'd done so with the bridesmaids' gowns. Madeline's dress was the palest green, Amelia's a soft-blush pink.

Madeline shifted a long, dark curl. "What were we thinking?"

Amelia met her friend's gaze. Madeline's vacation affair with the prince had also blown up in her face. They'd commiserated last night over drinks after the rehearsal dinner. Amelia still felt a teensy bit hungover.

"We weren't thinking. That's the problem. And you were right-my taste in men sucks. I couldn't find true love with a map." Amelia glanced at Candace on the far side of the room with the photographer. Her friend's wedding gown-an exquisite creation of a hand-beaded bodice and a silk douppioni skirt that hid her pregnancy-made Amelia's heart sigh. "And Candace deserves better than two wet-blanket bridesmaids, so slap a smile on."

"I will if you will."

Both forced smiles at their reflections and then grimaced.

Amelia shook her head. "Not very convincing."

Stacy glided up. Her gown was pale blue, her smile genuine and blindingly bright. "It's not over until you leave Monaco."

"It's over," Amelia and Madeline chorused simultaneously.

Toby planned to leave Monaco immediately after the reception, which would end in-Amelia glanced at her watch-four hours tops. The difference was that she now trusted his judgment. If he said he was ready to drive, then he was. He wouldn't take unnecessary risks. But that didn't stop the apprehension from tensing her muscles. Just because they couldn't be a couple didn't mean she didn't want him to stay safe.

"You two shouldn't give up so easily. You still have a chance for your dreams to come true." Stacy's lover had proposed last night at the dinner after the civil ceremony, and the accountant's face glowed with as much happiness as the bride's.

Madeline's laugh held no humor. "And I thought Amelia was the romantic of the bunch."

Amelia shook her head. "Not me. As you pointed out, even though I didn't know it, my feet have always been firmly planted on the ground. And I plan to keep them there. The blinders are off. No more temporary men."

The music swelled outside the antechamber and someone tapped on the door. Candace snapped to attention. "That's our cue."

She gathered the folds of her gown and floated toward them in a cloud of rustling silk. "Before we go, I want to thank all of you for making this day-heck, this entire month-unforgettable."

"If you make me cry and ruin my makeup, I will never forgive you," Madeline said but blinked furiously.

Amelia laughed her first genuine laugh in a week. "Ditto. Let's go tie this knot before your groom realizes your bridesmaids intend to vacation at your villa in Monaco every year for the rest of their lives and changes his mind."

Candace grinned mischievously. "That's the beauty of the French system. We tied the knot with the civil ceremony last night. There's no stress of wondering if he'll change his mind and bolt today. It's too late. I've already hooked him."

She grabbed Amelia's and Madeline's hands. "Today is just for fun. So try to have some."

Not likely, Amelia thought as she followed Stacy and Madeline toward the nave. Stacy walked down the aisle first, followed by Madeline. Amelia took her place and looked up.

Mistake. Her gaze found Toby's. He wore a black tux, a stark white shirt and black tie. His golden hair gleamed in the candlelight, and he was so handsome he took her breath away.

Her heart pounded. Her knees locked. Her stomach knotted. This would be the only time she'd ever walk down the aisle toward this man, the man she loved.

"Go, sweetie," Candace's father prompted from behind her.

Amelia blinked, refocused on Vincent and headed toward the altar a few beats behind schedule.

Had someone leaded the soles of her designer sandals?

Vincent gazed beyond Amelia, his attention no doubt on his beautiful bride. The love in his eyes brought a lump to Amelia's throat. Would a man ever look at her that way?

Neal hadn't. No, the look in Neal's eyes had been more like...gratitude, she realized. He'd been thankful to have her, but he probably hadn't loved her. Why else would he have kept postponing their marriage?

And she hadn't loved him either. Not the way he truly deserved. Amelia missed a step at the discovery. She'd wanted to love Neal because he was perfect in every way-except for his terminal illness. Gentle. Reserved. Predictable. Despite that, she hadn't been able to make herself love him wholeheartedly or make herself desire him.

Desiring Toby had come all too easily, starting at that first meeting. Loving him had sneaked up on her, and that unexpected blow had made it all the more powerful.

At the brunch he'd said he hadn't meant to hurt her, but that wasn't the same as loving her.

She reached the end of the aisle, took her place and lifted her eyes to find Toby's silvery-blue gaze focused with unwavering intent on her. She saw want and regret and frustration in his expression, but she didn't see love. And his love was the one thing she wanted more than anything else.

She blinked and turned away.

The service began. Amelia barely heard the words. And if a tear or two slipped down her cheek, she hoped everyone would attribute it to tears of happiness for her friend.

She wasn't going to sleep with another man unless he loved her. She deserved that, didn't she? And if that meant she either had to do without sex or had to buy herself a battery-operated boyfriend, then that's what she'd do.

From now on it was all or nothing. No more dead-end affairs. No more men who couldn't commit.

If she couldn't have the kind of love she saw shining on Candace's and Vincent's and Stacy's faces, then she'd rather be alone.

Alone. And empty.

Amelia followed the steward carrying her luggage off the yacht. The owners who'd hosted the engagement party had been kind enough to offer her refuge after she'd fled Hotel Reynard.

The rest of the wedding party had already left Monaco. Vincent and Candace were on their honeymoon. Franco had taken Stacy to his French family estate. Even Madeline's prince had come through. He'd surprised them all with a proposal during the wedding reception yesterday and then he'd whisked Madeline off in the royal jet to his country in the South Pacific to meet his family.

Amelia was happy for her friends but a little saddened, too, that she hadn't found what they had.

A limo longer than any she'd ridden in during her stay in Monaco waited at the end of the jetty. This one would easily carry ten or more people. The driver climbed out and opened the rear door for her.

"Louis?" Toby's Louis? But Toby had flown out yesterday. Vincent had probably arranged for Toby's driver. He'd also arranged for Amelia's.

Coincidence. Get in the car, Amelia. It's time to go home.

"Good afternoon, Mademoiselle Lambert. I trust you enjoyed your stay in Monaco?"

"It is the most romantic country in the world," she dodged. There was no way to explain the range of emotions and personal discoveries she'd made here in the past month.

Louis smiled. "That it is."

"Could I have a minute?"

He nodded and then joined the steward to help him load her luggage in the trunk.

Amelia turned a full circle for one last look at the harbor, the Mediterranean and the jagged landscape. She'd teased Candace about coming back to visit every year, but Amelia wasn't sure she could handle the bittersweet memories. She'd have to if she wanted to stay in touch with her friends-and she did. Candace had said she and Amelia were almost family.

Louis returned to her side. "Mademoiselle?"

"I'm ready." She climbed inside the dim, cavernous interior and the door closed behind her. It took a second for her eyes to adjust. The first thing she saw was a bouquet of roses on the nearest seat. A dozen red roses.

A shuffle of sound drew her attention. She turned her head and saw Toby in the back. Her stomach tumbled to her toes. "You're supposed to be in Daytona."

"Next week will be soon enough to get back on the track." He wore a blue silk shirt the exact shade of his eyes, navy pants and sunglasses. Her own panicked face reflected back at her in the lenses. "Sit down, sugar."

She wasn't ready for a tete-a-tete with Toby, but the car started rolling before she could reach the door handle, and diving out...not a good plan. She scrambled for a seat, the farthest one from him, and buckled up.

Toby stayed where he was a good six feet away with his fingers laced in his lap. The pose looked casual until she noticed how tightly his fingers were knotted and searched his face.

"What's going on?"

"You were right," he said. "I use the bravado to keep people at a distance. That's because the last woman who saw the real Tobias Haynes didn't like him enough to stay. Plain ol' Toby, a serious kid who loved anything with an engine, wasn't good enough."

A kid? "Are you talking about your mother?"

"Yeah."

"Toby, she fled an abusive relationship. She did the right thing in getting out."

He hesitated and then said, "She should have taken me with her."

She couldn't imagine the heartache he must have felt. "Yes, she should have."

"The point is, I'm not always charming, witty or fun."

Where was he going with this? "This is news?"

He stiffened. "Hey-"

"Toby, the point is," she repeated his words, "when you cast off the playboy-jerk armor and quit trying to get into my pants you're a very likable guy."

"Yeah?" He sounded surprisingly unsure.

"Yes."

"You like it when I get in your pants."

She sighed. "Toby-"

"My father called me To-buy-ass instead of Tobias." Toby glanced out the window. His jaw looked rigid enough to snap. "He said I was a worthless piece of crap and once the Haynes charm and looks faded I'd have to buy my women like he did."

Amelia's heart squeezed at the pain he couldn't quite conceal beneath the clipped words, and anger stirred toward the man who'd hurt him. "I don't think I'd like your father much."

"Not many people did." He faced her again. "He kicked me out when I turned eighteen. I hitched a ride to Concord and begged until somebody let me push a broom in a race shop. I had a knack for engines, and that got a little attention. I worked my way up from there. It took years before I could convince somebody to let me get behind the wheel."

She'd read some of this online, but not the part about his father. Details of Toby's life before NASCAR had been impossible to find. She knew because she'd searched.

"Racing...what I've accomplished...it all proves my dad wrong."

"You should be proud. You worked hard and earned your success."

His jaw shifted. He sucked one deep breath and then another. "I'd give it up if you asked me to."

Shock rippled through her. "What? Why would you do that? Why would I do that?"

She hadn't even noticed the limo stopping, but Louis opened the door, so it must have. Moments ago Amelia would have given anything to get out of this car. Now she wanted to stay and find out exactly what Toby was trying to say. "Toby-"

"Immigration is waiting." He came forward, climbed from the car and then offered her his hand.

"You can't drop a bomb like that and then walk away." And then she stopped and studied the unfamiliar surroundings. "This is not the Nice airport."

"No. It's a private strip. We're flying back on the HRI jet."

"But I have a ticket."

"It's been canceled." He hustled her into the small building and through the formalities.

Afterward, she looked up from tucking her passport back into her purse and found him holding a blue velvet box.

A jewelry box.

A ring box.

Her heart skidded to a halt and then pounded like a woodpecker on speed in her chest.

He'd removed his sunglasses, and for the first time today she could see his eyes. But she couldn't read them.

"For you. No matter what happens, this is yours to keep."

Don't get your hopes up. He's commitment phobic.

Her hands shook so badly she could barely hold the box. She took a bracing breath and lifted the lid and saw a ring.

A key ring.

Disappointment weighted her shoulders.

What did you expect?

"What is this?"

"Keys to that little blue car you fell in love with. It should be waiting in your driveway when you get home."

Her mouth dropped open. "Toby, you shouldn't have. It's too much."

"You take care of everybody else. Somebody needs to spoil you."

"I-I don't know what to say."

"Thanks should do it. And maybe a kiss. Or two."

Did he expect her to resume the affair at home? "What do you want from me?"

He hooked his hand around her elbow and guided her toward the doors leading to the runway. "I've been giving some thought to that crazy idea of yours."

"What crazy idea?"

"The one about the dog, the kids and the white picket fence."

"There's nothing crazy about-" The glass doors slid open and the words died on her lips. Two parallel rows of white picket fencing created a four-foot-wide path across the asphalt. About thirty feet from the terminal the fencing took a right-angle turn behind a big metal storage box.

"Maybe it's not such a dumb idea after all," Toby said beside her.

Her feet moved numbly forward. This seemed a little Wizard of Oz-ish, like traveling the yellow brick road.

Toby pulled her to a stop before she could look around the corner. "Let me give 'em to you."

A mixture of emotions tumbled through her brain. Confusion. Hope. Caution. "What are you saying?"

His eyes warmed and her breath caught. She blinked, convinced that she was mistaken in what she thought she saw.

Toby cupped her cheek. "I'm saying that standing in that church I realized I wanted to hear you saying those words, making those promises to me. And I wanted to make them to you. I want forever with you, Amelia. The kids, the dog, the porch swing. The whole deal."

A tremor started in the pit of her stomach and worked its way outward. Her lips quivered. Her throat closed up and her eyes burned. She closed her gaping mouth, opened it again, but no sound emerged.

Toby thumbed a tear from her cheek, one she hadn't even noticed escaping. His lips turned up in a clearly forced smile. "But not the cat. The cat's a deal breaker."

A laugh bubbled from her chest. She could tell the joke was a nervous one and part of the carefree facade he wore like protective armor. "Oh, Toby..."

He pressed a finger to her lips. "HRI is strong enough to survive whether or not I ever climb back in the car. I have to finish this season because I'm contracted to my sponsors, but after that I'll give up driving if you want me to. What matters is having you by my side."

He cupped her shoulders and turned her around. The picket fence path led to the stairs of a small white jet. Marry me, Amelia had been written in huge red script down the side of the plane. She could only gape. Happiness swelled within her. She tried to contain it. He hadn't said the most important words yet, and she refused to settle for less.

And yet he'd offered to give up driving for her. That had to mean something, didn't it?

"It'll take about a mile of this white stuff to circle my property. Lucky for you, I can afford it."

She faced him. He held another ring box, this one open to display a gorgeous heart-shaped diamond on a wide gold band. Her lungs failed. She pressed her fingers over her mouth.

"You're into the hearts and flowers and stuff, so..." He shrugged. "If you don't like it, we can get something else."

He tipped up her chin, forcing her to meet his gaze. The love she saw in his eyes, on his face, made her dizzy with joy, and no matter how many times she blinked, it didn't go away. She wheezed in a breath.

"I always swore I'd never let a woman get close enough to hurt me. I never guessed that letting the right one-you-go would hurt more. I know I acted like an ass. But if it's not too late, please give me a chance to earn your love again.

"I didn't tell the guys about our night together because I didn't want to share. It was special. At the time I didn't realize how special. And then you dumped me with that cold note and I knew I had to get you back. You started out as the one who got away. A challenge I had to win. But then you stole my heart and became the one I can't forget."

He dropped to one knee. "I love you, Amelia. Marry me. Please."

"You love driving."

"I love you more." He stated it simply and without hesitation.

She reached out a tentative hand and stroked his hair, his cheek. "I would never ask you to give up something that makes you so happy."

"Then don't make me give up you."

Those perfect words sent a shiver of delight through her. "It's not too late, Toby. I couldn't stop loving you that easily. Even though I did try.

"You've shown me time and time again you're not the daredevil adrenaline junkie I thought you were. I trust you to not take foolish risks. And I don't want you to give up driving until you're ready to quit.

"Yes. Yes, Toby Haynes, I'll marry you."

She bent and gently pressed her lips to his. He rose swiftly, crushing her into his arms, sweeping her off her feet and deepening the kiss.

She wound her arms around his neck and smiled against his mouth. If anyone had told her a year ago that her knight in shining armor would ride in a race car instead of on a white stallion, she'd have told them to have their heads examined.

But this time she was more than happy to be wrong.

