Chapter One

"Bastardy has its privileges," Jane Tate muttered. She slogged across the snowdrifted alley from Lord Somerville's grand townhouse to his not-so-grand henhouse. No one else wanted to gather eggs on this bitterly cold morning, so Jane had been pressed into service.

Which suited Jane better than a dollop of milk in her tea. Cook might get suspicious if she volunteered again.

She picked her way through the fresh snow. Even in this top-lofty London neighborhood, his lordship kept a dozen fat guineas and six red-capped Dorking hens. Their coop squatted next to the stable. An ill-tempered rooster strutted along its sagging peak, standing guard over his harem.

Cold lanced up Jane's shin. She had pulled on two pairs of woolen stockings that morning, but they were no match for the shilling-sized hole in her left shoe.

He's worth a touch of frostbite, she reminded herself.

Before she pushed through the henhouse door, a hand grasped her elbow and pulled her into the shadows of the stable. Even though she had hoped for this very thing, the man's mouth swallowed her cry of surprise. He smelled of fresh straw and oiled leather and warm horseflesh.

And tasted like heaven itself. Jane slid her arms into the warmth of his open jacket, pressing herself against him.

Ian Michael MacGarrett. The sight of the head groom's angular face was enough to give Jane shivers, even without a hole in her shoe. His kiss warmed her, sending hot urgent messages to secret places in her body. Places of which an unmarried scullery maid shouldn't be so achingly aware.

"Janie, love." His voice tickled her ear and his lips set her skin dancing. She thought her name ordinary in the extreme, but when Ian said it, his soft Scottish burr caressed the sound with reverence, as if she were a grand lady.

His rough hands found her waist and tugged her closer. Even through the layers of wool, Jane felt the solid maleness of him. All the unattached female kitchen help, and even a few of the married ones, made an excuse to take a trip to the stable when the weather was warm enough for Ian Michael to remove his jacket and roll up his shirtsleeves. Dealing with the heavy team of horses that pulled his lordship's equipage made Ian's arms and chest ripple with strength.

"If the man's arms are that fine," Jane's friend Agnes had exclaimed the first time she watched Ian subdue a particularly mettlesome stallion, "just imagine what the rest of him must be like!"

Jane smiled. She had a good imagination. If Ian had his way, she wouldn't have to imagine much longer. She pushed against his chest and he drew back to look down at her, his peat-colored eyes hooded with wanting.

"Please, Ian. Someone might see us."

"There's none here but Tom and he's busy polishing the brass on the brougham. Come, lass, you're cold as a well-digger's knee." Ian rubbed her hands between his and blew on them, his breath puffing in the chilly air like a dragon's. Then he pressed a kiss on the skin of her exposed wrist. A wicked smile curved his lips. "I'm only after warming you a bit."

"If you think I believe that, you're the stupid, big Scot everyone takes you for."

Jane knew behind his rude upbringing, Ian's sharp mind bristled with intelligence. Their friendship had begun when he discovered she knew how to read and write. Ian had convinced her to teach him. Of course, the only reason she knew how was because of a well-kept secret.

Though Jane wasn't quite sure what to name it yet, her friendship with Ian Michael had blossomed from reading lessons into something much more.

"I brought you a copy of Locke and a warm tart." Jane handed him the precious book she'd pinched from his lordship's library. Lord Somerville would never miss it and she'd return the book after Ian read it, so it wasn't stealing. Not really. The neatly wrapped tart she'd made herself.

"Something for my mind and my body, eh? No one can fault ye for ignoring a man's appetites. Not all of them, in any case." He pocketed the book and unwrapped the fragrant pastry, waggling his dark brows at her. "Ye know how fond I am of... tarts."

Jane smacked his chest. "I'm no tart, Ian Michael MacGarrett."

"No, I can see you're not. But ye canna deny ye enjoy kissing me like one, can ye?" He bit into the plum tart with relish. "Och, Janie, this is almost as sweet as your kisses. Give me half a moment and we'll start again where we left off, so I can make a true comparison."

"I don't think that's a good idea," Jane said, even though the thought of Ian's kisses was what had had her tripping through the snow with a light heart this morning. "You know his lordship doesn't allow liaisons among the staff."

"Liaison," he repeated with a laugh, as he dusted the last tart crumbs from his big workman's hands. "You've picked up some mighty fine airs, my Lady Jane."

"And you've some plum filling at the corner of your mouth, sir."

She reached up to wipe it away. Ian caught her hand, slipped her finger between his lips and sucked the jam off. Her knees threatened to buckle.

"Is that what we're after having? A liaison?" He planted a kiss on her knuckles and then pressed her hand against his chest so she could feel the great muscle of his heart pounding beneath her palm. Eyes closed, he leaned down and touched her forehead with his. Need hummed between them. "A liaison sounds like more than a stolen kiss or two. Sounds like verra much more."

For a few heartbeats, Jane thought of Ian's little room at the far end of the horse stalls. Of his string bed. Of what might happen if she let him lead her there. Her in-sides melted like a wax candle, but with effort, she pinched off the flame. Being an earl's bastard was bad enough. Being a scullery maid's bastard didn't bear contemplating. She wouldn't hang that label on an innocent child.

Jane stepped out of the circle of Ian's arms. "Don't you realize it's the sack for both of us if we're found out?"

"And I'm thinking that wouldn't be all bad." Ian tugged her close again. He was so warm, it was like a snuggling up to a roaring fire. Jane went willingly. "In fact, I just found out-"

"Jane! Where are you? I say! Janie, come quick!"

"That's Agnes," Jane said. "What's she doing out in this cold?"

As an upstairs maid, Agnes rarely ventured down into the kitchen unless it was mealtime, and never out to the stable, if she could help it.

Unless Ian Michael was in his shirtsleeves.

"After all," Agnes had explained, "this has nothing to do with our friendship, Janie. The day I fail to notice a fine-looking fellow is the day I turn up my toes."

"I must go." Jane pulled away from Ian.

"Stay, Jane. If we're caught together, we'll-"

"Ian, please."

He swept her up for a last kiss, an urgent play of lips, teeth, and tongue. The now-familiar ache down there made visions of Ian's string bed swim in her head.

Jane swayed unsteadily when he released her. "If I can," she said breathlessly, "I'll come again."

"Aye, lass, I'd make sure of that if you'd let me," he murmured as she ran off.

From the huskiness in his tone, Jane knew he'd said something vaguely naughty. Warmth glowed in her belly as she stumbled back toward the main house where Agnes was tiptoeing around the deeper drifts.

"Jane, where've you been? You'll make me ruin these slippers!" The outlandish beaded mules were Lady Sybil's last-season castoffs. They were a little small for Agnes, but she was wearing them as she worked, in the hope that they'd stretch a bit. "I have to keep them nice for the Ladies' Maids' Ball."

Once a year, all the footmen and maids from the city's great houses decked themselves in secondhand finery and "tripped the light fantastic" 'til dawn. The satin confections on Agnes's feet would be perfect for the coming event.

But they were not so handy in a snow-washed alley.

Jane suspected concern over her hand-me-down slippers wasn't the only thing making Agnes's brows nearly meet over her pert nose. "What's got your pantaloons in a bunch?"

Agnes glanced over her shoulder as if she feared someone might overhear their conversation. She grasped Jane's arm and hurried on in a whisper, "I can't say here, but you've got to come and quickly. And we can't let anyone see you."

"What on earth-"

"No more questions. Can't you see I'm freezing my bum off?" Since Agnes rarely strayed outside, she didn't have a cloak. The cold wind had her teeth chattering. "And for heaven's sake, do what they ask or I'm in for it."

They slipped into the scullery, where Jane hung her thin wrap on its peg. The girls dodged through the kitchen when Cook's back was turned. Then Agnes, a finger pressed to her lips for silence, led Jane up the back staircase to the family's floor.

"Agnes, I can't be caught here."

"Then you'd best keep quiet, hadn't you?"

Except for midnight raids on his lordship's library, Jane never set foot in the public or family portions of the great house.

When she was very young, she had served at table, carefully handling the fine porcelain and ladling out lavish portions. Then one fateful evening Lady Sybil had asked her mother and father why the soup girl had a face that looked just like hers.

Jane could have explained it to Sybil. Jane's mother was a pretty laundress who died in her birthing. The help at Somerville Manor undertook to raise Jane with benevolent negligence. But the folk who served below stairs made certain she learned young exactly what a bastard was.

The countess forbade Jane to be seen above stairs after that and even though several years had passed since her ladyship died of a lingering ague, the order was never rescinded.

Jane followed Agnes down the polished hall. The elegantly striped wallpaper made the corridor seem to stretch out far longer than it was. She forced herself not to run a fingertip along the gleaming oak wainscoting.

"Cook's going to be furious if I don't come back with the eggs soon," she murmured.

"Oh, Jane, forget the eggs. Hang the eggs. This is far more important than eggs!" Agnes's face squinched tight, as if she were trying to keep from bursting into tears.

"What-"

"I can't say more." She stopped before Lady Sybil's chamber. "Don't speak unless spoken to," Agnes ordered. "And for pity's sake, stand up straight. Oh, how I wish I had a comb about me."

Jane put a hand to her windblown hair. An unfashionable chestnut in a time when blonde was the color of choice, at least her hair was thick. Ian certainly never complained.

Except when she used too many pins.

Agnes opened the door and waved her in. Mr. Bottlesby, the stiff head butler, and Mr. Humphrey Roskin, Esq., his lordship's solicitor, were positioned at opposite ends of the room. The cold air in the chamber fairly shimmered with tension. A copper hip bath, the water crusted with a thin layer of ice, stood in the center of the room. One of the window sashes had been left halfway up, and a stiff wind had overpowered the shallow fireplace.

There was no sign of Lady Sybil.

Mr. Roskin raked his gaze over Jane like a wolf searching out the weakling of the flock.

"Bollocks, man! You can't mean to fool people with this!" Mr. Roskin punctuated his words with a flailing gesture.

"Sir, I humbly beg to disagree," Mr. Bottlesby said with downcast eyes.

Jane flinched in surprise. Below stairs, the butler was lord in all but name. Bottlesby wielded absolute power over the rest of the staff, swaggering with pride in the servants' quarters. Jane was taken aback by the change in his demeanor now that he was out of his element.

"If you look beyond this girl's disreputable clothing," Mr. Bottlesby said, "you'll see that they are as like as two peas. In fact, I've been assured that our Jane has presented herself as Lady Sybil many times in the past, with none the wiser."

Jane's gaze cut to Agnes, who was studying the tips of her beaded shoes with guilty absorption. Jane had sworn her to secrecy.

"Are you aware that not so long ago the penalty for impersonating a member of the aristocracy was branding?" Mr. Roskin's left eye twitched as he glared at her.

"Sir, there's no need to frighten the girl," Mr. Bottlesby said. "We are a civilized nation. Surely no one's been branded since-"

"No, you're right. Nowadays, they'll just pack her to off to Newgate, like as not."

Newgate! Jane's vision tunneled, and she forced herself to take a deep breath. If they sent her to prison, away from Ian Michael, it would be worse than branding.

Even though Agnes had warned her not to speak, she couldn't stop the words.

"Sir, my offense took place years ago. Lady Sybil simply asked me to sit for a few lessons in her stead. Her tutor never even knew the difference. Truly, no one was harmed by our childish prank."

She refrained from mentioning that she had learned enough to pick the lock of literacy. Some members of the upper class took exception to reading and writing among their inferiors.

"There, Mr. Roskin, you see," Mr. Bottlesby said. "Well-spoken, for all that she's a scullery maid. Even their voices and inflections are similar. I tell you, she can do it."

"Do what?" Jane asked with a sinking feeling in her gut.

"Perpetrate fraud on the ton of London," Mr. Roskin said stonily, his already pasty complexion fading to the color of day-old suet. "And if you are discovered, I assure you, no one will dismiss it as a childish prank."

Chapter Two

"I'll not be party to fraud," the infuriating maid said with the primness of a bluestocking.

"It's rather too late for such scruples, don't you think? You've already committed the offense more than once," Humphrey Roskin said. If he could put a bit of fear into her before she agreed to do his bidding, so much the better. Terrified people were always so much easier to manipulate. "If I choose to report your activity, the fact that you were younger when you impersonated Lady Sybil will not matter to the magistrate."

Roskin had learned intimidation from a master- Lord Somerville himself. .

The earl had threatened Roskin before he left for a season of leisurely hunting at his country estate.

"I want my daughter safely betrothed by Christmas to a gentleman of no small means," Somerville had demanded. "Do not fail me in this enterprise, sir, or I'll see you transported to New South Wales on the next packet on the charge of embezzlement!"

The earl suspected Roskin had helped himself to the Somerville coffers, but could prove nothing. Still, if a peer of the realm accused him, Roskin would stand condemned.

Justly, too, he admitted to himself. So far all Lord Somerville had was doubt and conjecture. Roskin was satisfied he'd covered his trail well enough that the missing funds would never be found. But he was in no hurry to be shuffled off to a wretched penal colony. So he had convinced Lord Somerville that a wealthy son-in-law was the answer to all his problems.

Then Lord Somerville had made finding that wealthy son-in-law Roskin's problem.

"Sir, I've no wish to be difficult," Jane said, calling Roskin back to his present predicament. "But what does Lady Sybil say to this?"

"We have no idea where she is," Mr. Bottlesby admitted softly.

"Or how much of a head start she has this time," Roskin added. What does one wear in New South Wales this time of year?

"Last one to see her was Agnes, very early this morning," Mr. Bottlesby said. "Lady Sybil rang you around six, didn't you say, girl?"

Agnes nodded mutely.

Roskin consulted his pocket watch. Half past ten. The little vixen had several hours on them.

"Milady called for a bath, then demanded privacy." Bottlesby mopped his brow with an impeccably white handkerchief. "Agnes said she wanted to take her time with her ablutions."

Roskin glared at the upstairs maid. Giving Agnes another tongue-lashing might ease his frustration, but it would accomplish nothing.

"A proposal of marriage is a special occasion, she said." Bottlesby popped his knuckles nervously. "Lady Sybil told Agnes she wished to make the most of it."

"Which she has obviously done." Roskin leaned out the open window and peered down again. A gnarly oak with sturdy limbs near the casements had provided an admirable ladder. Fresh footprints marred the snow at the base of the tree's trunk, then dotted the white lawn in a beeline to the busy St. James Street. Lady Sybil could have hailed a hansom and might be anywhere by now.

Boil the wallaby stew! That passage to Australia was looking more certain by the minute.

"She left the betrothal portrait," Bottlesby said, waving a hand toward the shrouded canvas on an easel in the corner. "We may be getting ahead of ourselves here. Perhaps this is just a bit of high spirits, what? Lady Sybil must mean to return in time for the ball. Perhaps Jane won't actually be needed."

Roskin eyed the covered canvas. No one had seen the portrait on which Giovanni Brunello had labored in secret for the past six months.

"Art," the Italian master had declared with much r-rolling, "must bloom in seclusion before it is thrust into the cold light of the oh-so-critical world's eyes."

Six months. Personally, Mr. Roskin was impressed that the smooth-talking foreigner had managed to make Lady Sybil sit still that long.

He strode to the canvas and pulled off the sheeting.

Bottlesby and the two maids gasped.

The rendering was a perfect likeness of Lord Somerville's daughter, and if Roskin weren't so upset he'd have to admit it was also a dead ringer for the scullery maid. Chestnut hair framed her oval face in soft curls. Brunello had captured Sybil's laughing hazel eyes, and a sly grin tugged at her too-thin-for-fashion lips. There was no hint of artistic flattery in the representation of her features. Which meant Lady Sybil must also possess carnation-sized br**sts with pert pink n**ples, a slightly rounded belly and a tuft of curling dark hair at the juncture of her long legs.

"Oh, dear. Oh, dear," Bottlesby chanted.

That was not the first sentiment that sprang to Roskin's mind, but he bit his lip to keep the expletive from spewing out.

At least Australia's supposed to be warm this time of year.

There was a cream-colored envelope on the ledge of the easel.

Roskin ripped it open and read the missive silently. Bottlesby continued to murmur, "Oh, dear. Oh, dear."

Roskin's neck heated. By now it must be the same shade of scarlet as the sealing wax the blasted girl had used on the letter.

"It's official. She's run off with Brunello," Roskin said.

Bottlesby turned to go. "I'll form a search party."

Roskin caught him by the arm. "You'll do no such thing. We have no idea where to look, and we must proceed with discretion. If we raise a hue and cry, it will make no difference, even if we should find her in time. The damage will already be done in the minds of the ton."

"Oh, yes, quite. I take your meaning, sir."

Bottlesby bobbed his head like a sparrow, but truly, he had no idea. Scandal might be weathered if one were well connected, which Lord Somerville was. Or well moneyed, which he was not. But worse than scandal, the impending betrothal would certainly be called off. If that happened, Lord Somerville faced financial ruin.

And Humphrey Roskin would face ruin of his own.

It should have been so easy. When Lord Somerville had introduced him to Lady Sybil, Roskin had been quick to name her a marketable asset.

He revised his assessment in short order.

Lady Sybil might be fine to look upon, but her acerbic tongue and mettlesome temper quickly overbalanced her attributes. She belonged on the London stage, not before a gentleman's hearth.

Yet Roskin had managed to wangle a match for her with Viscount Eddleton. A wealthy young gentleman with excellent prospects, since his uncle, the Duke of Pemworthy, was languishing in the last stages of consumption and had no son to inherit his title. Eddleton might be called "His Grace" before the next Season was out.

Arranging the match would smooth over Lord Somerville's suspicions and secure his enduring goodwill.

And his daughter's enduring wrath. Sybil despised having her fiance chosen for her.

"We haven't much time." Roskin dragged a hand over his face, causing his jowls to droop more than usual. Lord Somerville was driving in from his country house to escort his daughter to the annual Christmas Ball hosted by the Marquess and Marchioness Hartwell. There'd be hell to pay when he discovered Roskin hadn't been able to keep Sybil from folly. "If the lady doesn't appear at Lord Hartwell's ball, she may as well not ever show her face in London society again."

"Then Lady Sybil must attend," the scullery maid declared. "I assume you wish me to go in her place."

"Splendid," Mr. Bottlesby said, a tight-lipped smile slicing his face like a spade mark across a potato. "Now it's only for tonight, you understand."

Roskin's head jerked at that. "Maybe not. Who knows when we'll find the real Lady Sybil? This pretty deception may stretch into weeks."

Or months. Or years. If Sybil really wanted to run off with her artistic lover to Italy or some other outlandish place, they might never find her.

And good riddance!

"You'll have to accept Lord Eddleton's suit," Roskin said. "He's planning to propose to Lady Sybil tonight."

The girl went pale as chalk. "I thought I'd only have to dance a few sets and make small talk. Then maybe plead a headache and leave early. I couldn't possibly fool Lady Sybil's fiance."

"I don't see why not. They've never even spoken. This is an arranged match," Roskin explained. His arranged match, and no one, least of all a scullery maid, was going to muck things up. "The paperwork's been drawn up. The proposal is merely for form's sake."

"Still, a woman wants to accept her own proposal of marriage," Jane said. "I don't think-"

"We don't need you to think. Good God! It's a woman's featherheaded thinking that's got us into this mess!" Roskin said, mentally cursing the absent Sybil. "You only need do as you're told."

Jane stood straighter and looked him squarely in the eye.

Blast and damn! She did favor Lady Sybil out of all knowing. The resemblance was uncanny.

"No." Her voice was quiet but firm.

"No?" Roskin's brows shot skyward.

"No," she repeated, louder this time.

"If you don't do as I say, then I will make it my business to see that a certain head groom celebrates Christmas by losing his position." Jane Tate's face crumpled. The barb hit home, but Roskin might as well drive the nail in deeper. He glanced at the upstairs maid for confirmation. "MacGarrett's the name you mentioned, wasn't it? Ian Michael MacGarrett?"

Agnes nodded miserably.

"In his lordship's absence, I have the authority to release him from service without delay," Roskin threatened. "And without character."

A working man with no reference was branded a thief or a layabout in the minds of possible employers. MacGarrett wouldn't find a position anywhere in the city. Not a reputable position anyway. A man might turn to anything if his stomach knocked against his backbone long enough.

"Well, girl, what's it to be?" Roskin demanded.

Jane's eyes blazed at him. "I'll do it. What choice do I have?"

"None at all," Roskin admitted. "See to it, then. You, girl." He pointed to Agnes. "Step lively and do what you can to turn this sow's ear into a silk purse."

He strode toward the door with Bottlesby dogging his steps like a Lancashire heeler after a ram. When he stopped suddenly, the butler hastily stepped back to keep from running into him.

"The only ones who know of this are we four in this room," Roskin said. "If the particulars of this little deception come to light, I shall know whom to blame. And whom to punish."

The door banged shut behind them.

"I think this will do, don't you?" Bottlesby said.

"Possibly. Flashes of genius strike the most unexpected of noggins. At least, we'll know tonight whether your scheme will work," Roskin growled. He really didn't want to have to develop a taste for boiled kangaroo.

Chapter Three

"As soon as Mr. Bottlesby and that odious Mr. Roskin left Lady Sybil's chamber, Jane rounded on Agnes.

Trust me, Janie. I'm your friend, Janie. The day I peach on you is the day the sun won't rise." Jane singsonged an imitation of Agnes, her voice rising in pitch and quivering with fury. "How could you?"

Agnes dabbed her eyes with the corner of her apron. "How could I not? They blamed me for her ladyship running off. As if I could stop her from doing anything she jolly well pleased! But they were going to give me the sack anyway and at Christmastime, to boot! A manger might be well and good for the Lord Jesus, but I don't relish bedding down in one myself. Your secret was the only thing I could think of to save my skin."

Agnes sobbed in misery. Jane's anger sputtered out when her friend's slim shoulders began to shake. She put her arms around Agnes to comfort her.

"There, now. Don't take on so. I'm not going to sack you."

The waterworks dried up instantly.

Jane chuckled. "Agnes, you put the players on the Drury Lane to shame."

The lady's maid grinned impishly and shrugged. "A girl has to use what the Good Lord gave her, don't she? You forgive me, Janie?"

Jane rolled her eyes. She might be exasperated by Agnes from time to time, but she could never stay mad at her for longer than a gnat's breath.

"Now, we need to figure out what to do next," Agnes began.

"No, I need to figure out what to do next, and I've had more than enough help from you today." Jane paced the sumptuous room. "What would Lady Sybil do?"

"That's easy." Agnes struck the same quasi-classical stance as Lady Sybil in her scandalous portrait. "Pose in the altogether like a light-heeled trollop for some foreign devil and then run off with him at a time most inconvenient for the rest of us."

"That's not very helpful." Jane slanted a sidelong look at Agnes.

"It certainly weren't," Agnes agreed, misunderstanding her completely. "Folk of quality have no consideration at all for them what work for a living, do they?"

Jane sighed. "No, they don't. Well, this Lady Sybil may as well follow suit. I'm going to have a bath," she decided.

"But I've already drawn a bath for her ladyship today," Agnes complained.

"Lady Sybil is feeling eccentric and wants another one," Jane said.

"Well, I suppose you will need one before the ball," Agnes admitted with a frown. A bath was the most back-breaking chore for an upstairs maid. "Come, then. You can help me haul out the cold water."

Jane laughed. "You seem to forget that you promoted me to Lady Sybil. I can't be seen doing anything that she wouldn't do at the ball tonight, so I may as well start right now." She flopped onto the bed and lay back on the cool, rumpled sheets. "It's terribly chilly in here, Agnes. Close the window and lay a small fire, there's a good girl. Wouldn't want to catch my death taking a bath in a cold room."

Agnes stared at her as if she'd suddenly sprouted another head. Then, grumbling under her breath, she did as Jane bid. After she dipped out the first bucket of icy water, she bobbed a mock curtsey to Jane.

"Will there be anything else, milady?" she sneered.

"As a matter of fact, there will." Jane propped herself up on her elbows and grinned wickedly at her friend. "Cook sent me after the eggs, but no one's seen hide nor hair of me since I came back into the house with you. While Lady Sybil's having her second bath, be a love and fetch the eggs in my place, won't you? Cook is making meringue for dessert today. I'd hate to miss it."

Agnes glared at her.

"You know, you might be able to reheat the bathwater with the steam leaking from your ears," Jane said with a suppressed giggle.

"Now you've gone and made me miss the real Lady Sybil," Agnes said as she turned to go.

"Agnes, wait," Jane called after her. "This is serious. You have to treat me exactly as you would the real one. Even when it's just the two of us. This house has its own eyes and ears. You've told me that often enough. If we can't make the house staff believe I'm her ladyship, this will never work and Mr. Roskin will see you get your chance at that manger bed yet."

And Ian Michael will be dismissed without character.

Agnes studied the paisley carpet for a moment. "You're right."

"Thank you."

Agnes shook her head with a smirk. "Keep saying things like that and no one will take you for her ladyship."

Jane looked down her nose at her friend and waggled her fingers in a dismissive gesture. "Off you go then, girl."

"Better. Still a little too friendly-like, but you'll do. We'll work on it when I get back. Strip out of those clothes and put on one of milady's shifts. I should be able to get some help hauling the water, please God. If Lady Sybil's seen lounging abed still, no one will think a thing of it."

"Really?"

"Some days, she don't rise till three or four of an afternoon."

Jane's day began before the sun showed its face in the tiny window of her attic cell. She settled back into the fine linens. "I think I'm going to enjoy being Sybil."

"Just don't get too used to it. Bad pennies always turn back up. And as pennies go, the real Lady Sybil's the baddest."

After Agnes left, Jane stared up into the festooned silk draperies hovering over the bed. In her garret room, there were bare rafters above her little straw-tick. Jane wondered how many times she could roll over in this luxurious bower before she tumbled out.

Five was the lucky number.

Jane undressed, stashing her threadbare clothing in the bottom of the wardrobe, neatly folded under Lady Sybil's riding boots. Then she found the drawer that held her half sister's unmentionables.

Half sister. Funny how she'd never thought of Lady Sybil in such familiar terms before.

Must come from rifling through someone's undies, Jane reasoned as she ran a finger along the lace trim at the neck of the fine lawn garment. And planning to wear them.

Even after Jane donned the shift, the drawer was still full. Sybil had left with nothing but the clothes on her back.

Surrounded by excess, servants at her beck and call, a doting father, a grand match in the offing-what on earth had possessed Lady Sybil? Why would anyone in her right mind run from such a life?

And where is Lady Sybil now?

Sybil arched her back and grasped the rungs of the iron headboard to steady herself. A large lump moved under the thin quilt and settled between her legs. With very little prodding, she raised her knees and spread them wide.

"Che bella bambina," came a muffled voice, desire-roughened and throaty. "Mi piace il tuo culo?"

"English, Giovanni," Sybil reminded him with a sigh. "Otherwise you may as well talk to the washstand. What did you just say?"

Her lover's linguistic abilities were sadly lacking sometimes.

But his tongue more than makes up for it, Sybil decided. She gasped as shivers of pleasure licked her thighs.

He worked his way up her body, bypassing the part of her that most longed for his touch-the wretch! Giovanni dipped his tongue into her navel for a quick tease and then poked his head from under the covers between her br**sts. He nipped each one gently and then turned his blinding smile on her.

"Mi piace il tuo culo, little one." Giovanni took a pink nipple between his teeth and bit down hard enough to make her squirm. "How you say... 'I like your bum?'"

Sybil smiled and reached under the covers to palm his firm buttocks. Perhaps she should try to learn his tongue. If they were going to live in Italy, she'd need to speak the language. "Mi piace il..."

"Il tuo culo?" he prompted.

"Mi piace il tuo culo, too!" she said with triumph.

"Bene, very good. You are learning."

"But I can't imagine that phrase will be particularly useful in polite conversation. Not in Milan, at least."

"It had better not." His brows lowered slightly.

"Maybe Venice," she teased.

His dark scowl would have terrified a lesser woman along with most men. Sybil merely laughed.

"Only with you, Giovanni," she said, as she pushed a lock of hair behind his ear. "Yours is the only culo I piace."

His satisfied laugh resonated through her body as well. "Eccellente, il mio cuore." He pressed his lips to her breastbone in a soft kiss. "My heart."

He raised himself on his elbows and looked down at her, his artist's eyes taking in every line and plane, highlight and shadow of her body. She was used to his scrutiny and she welcomed it. After sitting for the painting, she'd grown to love his hot gaze on her skin. Giovanni made her feel tinglingly alive. None of her pale English suitors had managed that, despite all their fine words and fair manners.

Giovanni was probably ten years or more her senior. His raven hair was shot with a few silver threads, his dark eyes touched at the edges with a fine line or two. Determined trenches ran from the corners of his mouth to his hawkish nose. His cheeks and chin were darkened by the shadow of a beard. Sybil ran her fingertips along the prickly jawline, remembering how delightfully wicked it had felt rubbing along the skin of her inner thighs.

Giovanni had a fascinating face. A mercurial face. A passionate face.

And one Sybil had decided she couldn't live without.

Now there was a hint of puzzlement playing on his features. He cocked his head at her.

"What is it?" she asked.

"I told you I am a man of no property, but-"

"Yes, that may be, but you are a man of amazing talent," she said, rocking her pelvis into him. Why did he insist on dwelling on the difference in their stations? It made no difference to her that she was a lady and he a commoner. The man was as well-hung as her father's Thoroughbred stallion and he was rock hard yet again. "You're even a fair-to-middling painter."

"Ah, for that outrage, you will pay!" Giovanni began tickling her ribs.

She squealed with mirth, trying in vain to free herself.

"Mercy, Giovanni," she gasped. "Per piacere."

"Admit it! I am an outstanding painter."

Her laughter was growing desperate, but she managed to choke out her belief that yes, Giovanni Brunello was indeed a master with canvas and oil.

And a veritable wizard with his blessed hands and mouth and male member.

"That's better," he said, mollified. "And now you shall be rewarded."

His head disappeared under the blanket again. Bliss tickled along her ribs and over her belly. The small hairs between her legs swayed in the heat of his breath. She arched into his mouth. His tongue circled her sensitive spot, drawn tight and tender. A helpless moan escaped her lips as she clung to the bedstead for support.

Then suddenly Giovanni pulled back the covers so he could look at all of her. He replaced his mouth with his brilliantly talented hand and continued to massage her wanting into white-hot need.

"You were to be engaged this very night, cara mia," he said. "And yet you ran away with your Giovanni. Why did you do it, Sybella?"

She bit her lower lip. Her father would demand the very same thing. And with more cause. Lord Somerville needed the money her future husband had agreed to funnel into his faltering estate. Lord Eddleton had promised to give up his shares in the Pearl, a whaler combing the Pacific, as Sybil's wedding portion. When the ship came to port, heavy with ambergris and oil, all her father's financial troubles would be over.

Sybil's conscience pricked over abandoning her sire, but at least she was saving Lord Eddleton the trouble of trying to shore up her father's debt-riddled estate. Lord Somerville had even had the gall to offer one of his unentailed properties as Sybil's dowry. Viscount Eddleton had no idea the bridal gift was mortgaged to the rafters.

Giovanni changed rhythm, stroking her harder. Thoughts of her father and his solicitor's schemes receded into a dark corner of her heart. The wanting was knife-edged now.

"Why, cara mia? Why did you agree to come with me?"

"Because I'm selfish!" Her voice was ragged with need. His touch threatened to unravel her, despite the niggling guilt. Her father would just have to think of some other way out of his predicament. "Because I want you and I must have you, devil take the hindermost. There. Are you satisfied?"

One corner of his mouth lifted. "Not yet."

He covered her body with his and she shattered into spasms as he entered her.

"Now, il mio cuore," Giovanni said as her inner walls fisted around him and her mouth hung slack with spent passion. "Now, I am satisfied."

Chapter Four

"Be a love and fetch the eggs, there's a good girl," Agnes mimicked under her breath as she slipped Jane's woolsey cloak from the peg by the back door and wrapped the thin garment around her shoulders. "If Jane's lolling about in a tub like the bloody Queen of Sheba, her ladyship ought not to begrudge me the use of her wrap."

Agnes pulled the hood up and tied its rough tabs under her chin. She hated to admit it, but Jane was right about the eggs. If no one could find the real Sybil, no one must miss the real Jane.

No one had missed Jane yet. Her work kept her in out-of-the-way places about the massive residence.

So far, so good, Agnes thought as she slogged across the alley. She'd gather the eggs and leave the basket on the counter for Cook to find. But someone was bound to notice when the chamber pots went unemptied and the washing piled up.

Then Agnes would have to come up with some story to explain why Jane had gone missing, something people would accept without question.

Agnes lifted the latch and entered the dim, dusty chicken coop. She'd expected a terrible, acrid stink, but the stable lads must have changed the hens' bedding recently. It was no more unpleasant than beating a featherbed during spring cleaning.

Agnes reached under the first biddy, darting her hand in quickly to avoid a pecking. She came up with a warm brown egg to tuck into her small basket.

Can't use a sick grandmother for an excuse, she thought. Jane had no family on her mother's side that anyone knew of. Maybe Agnes could invent some for her. Not a grandparent. They would likely be dead already. An uncle. A rich uncle. A rich uncle who'd just learned he had a niece and wanted to shower her with his wealth.

"If a body's going to invent relations, they may as well have deep pockets and open hands." Agnes shrugged philosophically.

No, that'll never do, she mused. Jane would never come into money and run off without sharing her good fortune. Maybe a dying uncle. A kindly old vicar with no one to tend to him and Jane drops everything to rush to his side.

Yes, that was more believable.

"There ye are, love," a deep voice drawled behind her. "I knew ye couldn't stay away."

Agnes hadn't even heard the coop's door open. A pair of hands grasped her shoulders and spun her around.

"Ian Michael MacGarrett!"

He'd bent to kiss her but caught himself just in the nick when he recognized her. He scuttled backward as though Agnes were a snake in the straw.

"Miss Agnes! What're you doing here? And wearing Jane's cloak? Where is she?"

There'd never be a better test of her fib, so Agnes launched into the tale of the dying vicar while she worked around each roost, scrupulously avoiding Ian's gaze. She could spin stories with the best of them, but the telling of them was an art she'd not quite mastered yet. Not if she had to look someone in the eye.

Who knew gathering eggs would be good for something besides procuring the wherewithal to make omelets?

"And after the sad passing, Jane says she'll be back, quick as ever she can," Agnes said, trying not to sound too pleased with herself. Really, this story was ideal and she told it well, if she did say so, adding a neat little flourish at the last moment about how the unhappy illness had all begun with a toothache. Like Mr. Roskin, Agnes suspected Jane's stint as Sybil might be a long one while they searched for the real lady. This tale would serve them well. Who knew how long an old vicar with a rotting tooth might linger? "So it just goes to show, it don't pay a body to neglect his teeth."

Ian Michael's even brows lowered and he crossed his arms over his broad chest. "What's his name?"

"Who?"

"Jane's mysterious new uncle."

"Oh!" Agnes hadn't thought of that. Her gaze darted about the coop and fell on an old tin of snuff that had been wedged into a knothole to keep out the wind. She recognized the Rasp and Crown on the label that proclaimed the contents came from the tobacconists Friburg and Treyer.

"Treyer," she said, thinking Friburg sounded too foreign by half. "Reverend Treyer" she added for good measure.

"Och! And I suppose once the good reverend's gone on to his eternal reward, the care of his parish will fall to his faithful sexton, Mr. Friburg." Sarcasm made Ian's burr even more pronounced.

Drat the man! He'd noticed the snuff tin, too.

When guile failed, there was always the pecking order of the manor to fall back on and as an upstairs maid, she outranked a stable hand, even the head groom, by several rungs on the household ladder. Agnes made a dismissive little hmph-ing noise and tried to push past him.

Ian blocked her way with a long arm across the door.

"The true tale now, if ye please, Miss Agnes," he said, pleasantly but firmly. "And take your time, lest ye forget any details of importance. Where is my Janie, and why are ye stooping to do her chores?"

Jane leaned back in the copper tub, luxuriating in the treat of a hot bath. She'd washed her hair and scrubbed her body with Pear's Transparent Soap. Once again, she doubted Lady Sybil's sanity for leaving this snug haven to run off with an itinerant painter.

Agnes burst back into the room, windblown and ruddy-cheeked.

"What? Not out yet?" Agnes demanded. "You'll have prunes for fingers, I shouldn't wonder."

"And I won't care a bit." Jane stood and let the soap slither down her clean skin in little runnels. She stepped out of the tub and began to towel herself off. "So far, being Lady Sybil is a slice of paradise."

"We'll see if you're of the same mind once I lace you into that ball gown this evening." Agnes busied herself tidying the already clean room. "Milady had it made on the smallish side and that corset will give you a tight squeeze."

But it was not yet time to dress for the ball and since Jane was playing at being a lady, she must dress according to the clock and expect to change her entire ensemble several times in a single day. It was too late for her to don a morning dress, but the casually elegant half-dress Agnes helped Jane into was deliriously comfortable. Jane had never worn such white linens and the silk Empire dress was so light and airy, it might have belonged to a nymph. The kid slippers looked as if they'd never touched the ground.

Since she had been a small child, Jane had imagined floating down the curved staircase to the dining room. She managed it with more grace than she expected. Descending steps was ever so much easier without a load of crockery or soiled laundry in one's arms. There was little to be done about the calluses at the base of her fingers, but the lotion Agnes had rubbed on her hands had left her skin so smooth, she couldn't bear the thought of donning gloves. Jane would have to wear them for the ball, but for now, she enjoyed the smooth wood of the showy banister beneath her palms.

Since Lord Somerville was not yet in residence, she'd dine alone, but just the thought of sitting on one of the mahogany chairs at the long table made her slightly giddy. Simple Jane Tate, the scullery maid who sat at the foot of the servants' table, was about to dine in the honored place as the daughter of the house.

"Don't look at any of the servants directly,"' Agnes had advised her. "Or speak to them other than to give an order. And for pity's sake, don't thank them. They'll think Lady Sybil's taken a knock on the head."

So Jane didn't spare more than a glance at the liveried footman who stood behind her seat. She bit her tongue to keep the "thank you" from her lips when he pulled the chair out for her.

Somerville Manor boasted two footmen. Was it Edward or Charles who ladled her white soup from the china tureen? It was difficult to tell when she'd only allowed her gaze to bounce over the man for a moment. All footmen were required to wear powdered wigs and frock coats, a stately, old-fashioned getup that made them all look rather the same.

Though this one seemed taller than she thought either of the Somerville footmen were.

In silence, Jane ate her soup and sliced her cold mutton. The white mushroom fricassee was especially tasty. Jane was unable to name one of the vegetable curries. The herbs and spices used to flavor the meal were richer and far more exotic than she was used to. Jane found herself longing for the friendly banter and plain fare she enjoyed in the kitchen with the rest of the help.

Was Lady Sybil lonely? Is that why she ran away? Jane wondered. She wouldn't have thought so. Not with all the comings and goings, the callers and their cards and-

"Oh!" Jane said aloud. She had just realized she might be called upon to play hostess if any members of the upper crust dropped by that afternoon.

"Is aught amiss, milady?" the footman behind her asked, his tone restrained, but his accent unmistakably Scottish.

"Ian!" she exclaimed, then sank to a furious whisper. "What are you doing here?"

"I'm thinking I might ask ye the same, my Lady Jane," he said, leaning down to pull out her chair. Instead of gently sliding the chair backward so she could stand, he whipped it around to face him and rested his hands on its gilt arms, pinning her in place. "Appears to me there's more than one person out of place in this fine dining room."

Chapter Five

"Ian, stop it. You're going to ruin everything."

"Which part is it you're most particular about me not ruining?"

He leaned down far enough that a little of the powder from his wig fell like snow on the tip of her nose. Jane stifled a sneeze.

"What is it you fancy most? Attending a snooty ball in a borrowed gown or accepting a proposal of marriage from some other blighter?"

"I notice you've not troubled yourself to offer for me," she said stonily.

"That's another matter altogether."

Jane arched a brow at him. If Ian wasn't prepared to marry her, why should he care if she accepted a suit on Lady Sybil's behalf?

"I'm not doing this for myself." She was doing it for him, blast the man! Mr. Roskin had threatened to sack Ian without character if she didn't cooperate. But she wouldn't tell him that. Knowing how much she'd dare for him might make him even more full of himself than he already was. She pressed herself against the padded back of the chair to put some distance between herself and the powder that still drifted from his wig. "I'm doing this for Lady Sybil and for Lord Somerville and for the good of the estate."

Ian narrowed his gaze. "And when has Lord Somerville ever done good for you?"

Jane knotted her fingers in her lap. Trust a stupid, big Scot to cut to the heart of the matter. As soon as she had agreed to the plan, she had realized this might be a chance to win approval from the man who had given her his chestnut hair and hazel eyes, but not his name. Was it so horrible to want Lord Somerville, at least once in her life, to look upon her as a father should look upon his daughter?

Even if he didn't know it was her.

The rice powder tickled her nose again and this time, she wasn't able to keep from sneezing. She caught the blow in one of Lady Sybil's fine lace handkerchiefs. Ian straightened to his full height and glared down at her.

"So ye still intend to go through with this farce, to let this Lord Eddleton paw ye and compromise your virtue-"

"Nothing of the sort. I'll simply attend the ball and accept his proposal in Lady Sybil's stead. Gentlemen don't try to ruin women they intend to marry,"' she said through clenched teeth.

"Ye know little enough of men. Ye've no idea what gentlemen are capable of."

"If anyone's trying to compromise me, it's you." There'd be no more fancies dancing in her head about his string bed. Not after this.

He shook his head. "Ye canna go, Jane. I'll not have it."

"You'll not have it? And just what makes you think you have any say in the matter?"

That settled it! The man was demanding a husband's due when he wasn't willing to submit to the yoke. If only he'd admit that he loved her... she shoved away that hope with force. Jane stood and struck a pose that was pure Lady Sybil at her haughty best.

"If you try to expose me, I'll denounce you," she promised. "Who will people believe, you think? A stable hand in a borrowed wig or the daughter of the house? Mr. Bottlesby and Mr. Roskin will back me up, if needs be."

"Janie, love-"

"Don't think to sweet-talk me out of this."'

Ian's lips drew together in a grim line, but he stepped back a pace. Then he made a less-than-elegant leg to her. Hostling did not lend itself to mastering the finer points of etiquette, after all.

"Verra well. Will there be anything else, milady?" His demeanor was deferential in case another servant entered the room, but when he lowered his voice, his whispered tone bristled with fury. "You've had me heart for luncheon, Janie. Mayhap ye'd like me manhood for dessert."

Jane's eyes flared in surprise. A true gentleman was never vulgar to a lady. She flashed a deceptively sweet smile at him. "Only if you let Cook roast it on a spit first."

Jane turned on her heel and flounced out of the dining room before he could speak another word.

The brass knocker on Lord Eddleton's town house banged against the English oak as if an invading army were trying to batter down the portal. Wigram, the last of Eddleton's remaining servants, started for the door.

"Hold a moment." Eddleton slid a finger between the thick damask curtains and chanced a glance down on his front stoop. "No point in answering if it's only a bill collector."

"Milord, I don't think any of them would be so bold as to accost you at your home," Wigram said. "Not by day, at any rate. And chances are very good the word hasn't gotten 'round to all of them yet."

"Thank heaven for small blessings, Wigram. Who knew the randy old goat still had it in him?"

Viscount Eddleton had been heir apparent to Lord Pemworthy for years. Then, less than a fortnight ago, his ailing uncle had felt well enough to wed his pregnant nurse. If the child she carried turned out to be a boy, Eddleton would be cut off without a shilling. The impending disaster-he couldn't view the imminent birth as anything less-wasn't public knowledge yet, but his creditors seemed to have caught wind of it through the back channels of his uncle's staff. Eddleton's credit had been pinched off like an overripe pimple.

Wigram loosed a long-suffering sigh. "Lord Pemworthy has led a retired life for some years-"

"Evidently not retired enough." Eddleton closed one eye and peeped through the small slit in the curtain again, trying to see who was pounding on his door.

"What I mean to say, milord, is His Grace, your uncle, did not often show himself in public. It will surely be some time before the change in your disposition with regard to the inheritance becomes common knowledge among the beau monde."

Eddleton nodded grimly. Not all the upper crust had as open a relationship with their servants as he had with Wigram. Their loss. Servants in the great houses knew everything.

"Let us hope, Wigram," he said. "Gambling debts are deucedly inconvenient to a gentleman. Last time I ventured into White's, the blighters I owed there were almost impossible to shake off."

"If I may suggest, milord, perhaps you might offer your shares in the Pearl to settle-"

"I tried, but unfortunately they knew as well as I that the Pearl was reported lost in a typhoon off Sumatra." Eddleton smiled sardonically. "Besides, I've already pledged the Pearl shares to my soon-to-be-betrothed's father."

Fortunately, Lord Somerville was not as well informed as Lord Eddleton's creditors. The earl's solicitor had agreed to give Eddleton exclusive rights to his unentailed property in Kent in exchange for shares in the whaler as part of the betrothal arrangement between Eddleton and his lordship's harridan of a daughter.

"Sally? Cecily? Hang it all, what is that chit's name?"

"That would be the Lady Sybil," Wigram supplied in a monotone.

"No matter," Eddleton said, with a wave of his hand. "Our salvation lies between her thighs. The girl is Lord Somerville's sole heir and that old graybeard must be pushing seventy. All I need do is get a son on her-a chore I will happily devote all my energies to!-and the succession will continue."

With Eddleton in control of the considerable land-rich Somerville estate until the snot-nosed brat came of age. That left plenty of time for him to enjoy the fruits of his future father-in-law's rank.

He parted the curtains another finger-width and caught sight of a frill of yellow lace.

"Ah! A parasol. Very well, Wigram." Eddleton let the curtain fall back into place. Women were always more taken with his blond curls than his finances in any case. "Show the lady in."

The rest of the town house was entirely bare of furnishings, but Eddleton had been careful to keep his parlor appointed in the first state of fashion for just such an eventuality. His sorry financial state was still a secret to the ton, and he intended to keep it that way.

He settled into a red leather wing chair flanking the fireplace and opened a dog-eared copy of Keats. He rarely read poetry, but appearing to read poetry was every bit as effective when it came to impressing members of the fair sex. Women found Keats's work sensitive and endearing, qualities Eddleton could not claim in his own right but was happy to borrow for short periods of time. He might be intending to plight his troth at Lord Hartwell's ball later that evening amid much pomp and general well-wishing, but a prudent man always kept a few tender morsels on the string.

He didn't look up immediately when the delicate patter of feminine steps came to a stop at his threshold. Whoever his caller was, she'd no doubt think him enthralled by the poet's fine words. He forced himself not to turn his head when he heard the faint rustle of silk.

"Ahem!" the woman finally said.

Eddleton looked up with what he hoped was a dreamily distracted expression. Then he recognized his caller. He snapped the book shut.

"Lady Darvish." He rose to greet the last woman in all London he'd wish to find in his parlor.

"Good afternoon, Lord Eddleton," she said with a wry smile. "Your man said you were at home and receiving callers. The way you've kept me standing, I must say, it doesn't seem as if you've much talent for hospitality."

"Forgive me." He rose to his feet, trying desperately to think of some way to be rid of her quickly. "I wasn't expecting company today."

"Of course you weren't. That's why you were trying to read Keats upside down. Thinking of your coming betrothal to the lovely Lady Sybil Somerville, no doubt. No, don't bother to deny it. The ton talks of nothing but who intends to do what to whom."

He choked out a startled laugh. "Still, I apologize for making you wait."

"Think nothing of it, my dear boy. I will forget it in a trice if you ring for tea and do your best to entertain me forthwith." She floated across the room with grace and settled into the chair Eddleton had just vacated.

"Of course," he said, jangling the bell that called Wigram to the doorway. He sent his butler a look of alarm over Lady Darvish's ornately decorated bonnet.

Good Lord! Is that a stuffed pigeon wedged amid the lace and other folderol?

"Wigram will be right back with our refreshments, Madam." And, he hoped, a manufactured emergency that required Eddleton's immediate presence elsewhere.

"Oh, that will never do! 'Madam' sounds so old." Lady Darvish laughed gaily as she removed her hat, signaling that the visit would be an extended one. "You must call me Leticia for I predict we will be great friends. May I call you Bertram?"

Eddleton's mouth opened and closed wordlessly several times before he managed to sputter, "But my name is George."

"Oh! How deplorably dull and unimaginative of your parents."

He blinked in surprise. "May I remind you George happens to be the Christian name of our king?"

"And I can't imagine why anyone would want to share a name with a halfwit or his pudgy son. Besides, George is far too ordinary to stick in my head. Every other titled gent in London is called George these days! Bertram suits you, so Bertram you shall be." Leticia flashed a toothsome smile. "Sit down, Bertie. You're wobbling a bit."

Eddleton sank into the other wing chair and said the first bland pleasantry that came to his mind. "You're looking fit. I trust you're well."

If he bored her with polite tedium, perhaps she'd leave sooner.

"Coming out of mourning will do that for a body," she said, spreading her bright yellow skirt across the red leather to good effect.

Lady Darvish's smart ensemble must have come in on the latest boat from Paris. The baroness was well moneyed and, if Eddleton were being honest, he'd have to admit he found her surprisingly easy on his eyes for a woman of her age. The high-waisted fashion of the day suited her. She was attractive in a long-toothed, too-thin-for-comfort sort of way.

"I'm ever so glad to be wearing color again," she said. "Unrelieved black is rarely becoming to anyone and that pale lavender makes even the hardiest miss appear lifeless."

"My condolences on your loss."

Lady Darvish had buried four husbands. Burying one husband might be chalked up to bad luck. Eddleton thought burying four smacked of skullduggery.

"Water under the bridge," she said with a wave of her ringed hand. "Bert was never the robust sort."

"Bert? Your husband's name was Bert?"

"I called all my husbands Bertram. It kept things uncomplicated."

So, the rumors were true. Lady Darvish, the Black Widow of Wembley Street, was on the prowl once again. Eddleton had no desire to be Bert Number Five.

"LadyDar-"

"Leticia," she corrected.

"Leticia," he repeated. Bugger him, if the woman didn't dimple almost prettily when he said her name. "I confess myself at a loss as to the point of your visit today. Of course, we know each other in the most oblique manner, but you and I rarely move in the same circles-"

"Ah, but we do have acquaintances in common," she all but purred. "And my particular friend Lady Martin-Featherwight assures me that, unlike my dear departed Bert, you are the robust sort."

He stifled a groan. His ill-considered affair with the wealthy matron was coming back to bite him on the arse. The lady had been very generous, but it was the hardest work he'd ever done with his breeches round his ankles.

"Um, Lady-I mean, Leticia, well, I..." He groped for the right words as a drowning man might clutch at flotsam. "I'm to be married."

There! He'd grasped a promising straw.

"Oh, I know," she said brightly, leaning forward to pat his knee. "And I wish you much joy, Bert. Marriage is a wonderful thing. I loved all my husbands, you know. In my way."'

"Then, what..."

Leticia giggled like a much younger woman. "Oh, this is the fun part. Don't you just love the chase?"

His brow furrowed in puzzlement.

"Don't be coy, my dear," she said. "Your impending nuptials needn't impinge upon us. I'm sure we can come to a mutually satisfactory arrangement."

"Good God! I believe you are offering me carte blanche." Eddleton reached for indignation and found a shred still buried deep in his soul. He sheltered behind it like an invisible shield as he stood. "Madam, you have mistaken me for another sort of man altogether. I must ask you to leave."

Her smile faded. "Very well, if that's the way you want it." Lady Darvish rose and strode to the doorway. Then she stopped and looked back at him, a feline smile lifting her lips. "But we aren't finished yet, Bert. You are a young man in a great deal of debt."

"My financial state is none of your concern."

"That's where you're wrong," she said, with an arch of her painted brow. "You see, I bought your vowels. All of them."

Eddleton felt himself blanch white as paper. His creditors had sold his IOUs to Lady Darvish.

"You owe me a considerable sum. A staggering sum, actually. I imagine that's something you'd rather your future father-in-law not discover," Leticia said, as she adjusted her bonnet, making sure the dead pigeon faced forward. "But don't fret, dearie. One way or another, we'll work out a repayment plan. I expect I'll see you at Lord Hartwell's ball tonight. Everyone who's anyone will be there. I'll save a waltz for you. Perhaps several of them. Good day, Bert."

Eddleton sank back into his chair. He never thought he'd envy a dead man, but he was sick with resentment toward the four already-dead Berts.

He might even trade places with the pigeon.

Chapter Six

Night fell over the city, a heavy black mantle. The few stars that managed to pierce the gloom glittered like shards of glass, hard-edged and cold. Ian Michael was still wearing the footman's powder blue knee breeches and frock coat when he helped Tom Peckham hitch up the beautifully matched ebony mares to Lord Somerville's elegant brougham. In the yellow light of the lantern, Tom cast a sideways glance at Ian.

"Where's Charlie?"

"I'm filling in for him," Ian said. "He's a touch under the weather."

What Charlie was actually under was a pile of hay. Ian had shelled out tuppence for some gin. A one-penny tot was enough to lay most men low, and Charlie had no head for drink at all. The footman was peacefully snoring off his snootful in the loft above the snug stable.

"Any sign of his lordship?" Ian asked.

Tom shook his head.

"Then maybe Lady Sybil won't be off to the ball." Ian swatted one of the mares on the rump. She startled, but moved into the traces with an irritated whicker. "Surely milady won't go without proper escort."

"No chance of that." Tom jerked his head toward the back door of the manor house. Edward, the other footman, was heading toward them. "Willful as that young lady is, I suspect she figures we're all the escort she needs. Glad she'll be spoken for after this night. Reckon a husband will settle her proper."

"I doubt it," Ian said, knowing they were talking about two different young ladies. But Jane and Sybil shared more than a father and a disturbingly similar face. Single-mindedness bred true in the Somerville line on both sides of the blanket.

Ian climbed onto the back rail of the carriage with the other footman. He'd already squared matters with Edward. For a tin of pipe tobacco next payday, Ed had agreed to look the other way no matter what befell this night. Tom mounted the driver's seat and chirruped the team down the snow-clogged alleyway. Once they spilled out into the wider street, he drove the equipage up smartly in front of Somerville House, so her ladyship could trip lightly down the shoveled walk.

Jane appeared, silhouetted in the grand doorway, decked out like a queen. Ian's chest constricted. This was the life she should have had. In a kinder world, she would have known the love and approval of her father without having to go to such ridiculous lengths to earn them.

And Lord Somerville couldn't even bother to show up in time to squire his daughter-his real daughter, so far as his lordship knew-to meet her future husband.

Who's the real bastard in this little play?

"Hope Lord Somerville hasn't met with difficulty getting back into town," Edward said, as he hopped down to open the door for the approaching lady.

Funny. Ian hoped his lordship was tail-over-teakettle in a ditch someplace. Anything that would explain his absence besides just not giving a damn.

Ian tried not to look directly at Jane as Edward handed her into the brougham. A real footman would keep his eyes in his head instead of ogling the lady, hoping to see a slender wrist or a neatly turned ankle. But Ian's peripheral vision had always been keen. Her lovely face was tight and drawn.

With nerves over what she was about to do? Or disappointment that she wouldn't spend the short drive over to Hartwell House in the company of the man whose carelessness with his seed had given her life? Other than seeing to it that Jane had a roof of sorts over her head, the earl had never troubled himself with his by-blow. Yet Ian knew without being told that if Lord Somerville had been there to escort her, those private moments with her father would have been the highlight of Jane's evening.

His fingers itched to strangle the old bugger for disappointing her.

The brougham lurched forward, the harness bells tinkling a merry tune. His Janie was off to the ball and all Ian could do was hang on to the coach rail and try not to fall off.

Or was it?

"Hold a moment, friend," Ian said to the other footman. I'll be right back."

Gripping the carriage rail, he worked his way along the bouncing rig to the right side door, finding what toeholds he might, swinging by his arms alone when he couldn't locate a resting place for his feet. Then just as they neared a corner, he pulled open the door and swung his body into the moving carriage, feet first.

Jane yelped, but he covered her mouth with his hand.

"Easy, girl. 'Tis only me," he said with the same soothing tone he'd use for a spooked mare. "If ye cry out, Tom will stop the carriage and Lady Sybil will be found in a compromising position with a mere stable hand."

Her eyes widened in the soft carriage lamplight and then she bit his finger as hard as she could.

"Ow!"

She leaned forward and clamped her palm over his mouth. "Guess you don't like being surprised either." Jane withdrew her hand and crossed her arms. "Now, what are you doing here, Ian?"

"Trying to talk sense into ye while there's still time to stop this foolishness."

Her mouth set in a firm line. "You know I won't listen."

"Then I won't talk."

He pulled her across the narrow space onto his lap. She smelled of rose petals and her cheek was as soft as one beneath his palm.

Her eyes were enormous in the dim light. "Ian, I-"

"Ye don't need to talk either, love."

He caressed her jawline and lowered his mouth to hers, stopping a finger-width from his goal. Her breath feathered across his lips, warm and sweet. A rough roustabout like him, he knew he didn't deserve her, but he couldn't help himself. He looked into her eyes, hoping to see invitation, fearing he might not, and wondering what he might do if he didn't.

Her eyelids fluttered closed.

There is a God in heaven!

He covered her mouth with his. They'd played at kisses before, teasing and nipping, and all the while, his mind had wandered to what might come next. Should he try to touch her breast? Was she wearing lacy drawers? Was there any chance she'd lay her sweet body down beside him on his little string bed?

This time, the kiss was all he wanted. Some sign that despite all the luxury into which Jane had suddenly been thrust, she still held a place in her heart for him. The wonder of her lips beneath his, her breath filling his lungs, her cunning little tongue tangled up with his, it was enough joy to flood his whole body.

He poured his heart into the kiss. If he could just show her how much she meant to him, how much he'd dare for her, maybe he could turn her from this path that led her away from him.

She moaned softly into his mouth and tugged his lapels, urging him closer. He wrapped both arms around her, his hand slipping beneath the ermine cloak to the unbearably soft silk of her gown. So thin, this shield of fabric that separated them. He savored the weight of her on him, her softness against his hardness.

He longed to pull the pins from her hair, but he knew she wouldn't thank him. Ian settled for kissing his way along her jaw and nuzzling her ear. An earbob dangled from her soft lobe, a filigreed fancy of diamonds and emeralds. He pulled back and looked away.

Another reminder of what he couldn't give her.

Maybe... the thought took a while to form because just the thinking of it stabbed his brain... maybe it was wrong of him to hold her back.

"Ian?" Jane palmed his cheek and turned his face toward hers.

She was so lovely, all decked out like a lady. If they never found Sybil-and they probably wouldn't if she didn't wish to be found--Jane could keep up this pretense for the rest of her life. She'd never want for anything ever again.

Ian couldn't even promise her a full belly. Unless a body counted filling it with another brat every year. What could he offer Jane but a life of hard labor at the side of a workingman? He'd hoped to dazzle her with that new position he'd been offered only this morning. A wee cottage on a country estate didn't seem so grand a thing now. And if he somehow lost that post, the thought that she might know hunger because of him made his gut roil.

"Keep kissing me like that," she said softly, her hand massaging his chest, "and I'll be of a mind to listen to whatever sort of sense you want to talk into me. But believe me when I tell you, I have to do this. For a little while, at least."

He clasped her hand and held it still over his heart.

"Why?" He hated himself for not leaving the bouncing carriage the same way he had come, but she was the finest thing he'd ever seen, let alone had sitting on his lap. He couldn't bear the thought of leaving her until they rounded the last corner before Lord Hartwell's grand estate. "Why must ye, Janie? Ye dinna owe his lordship a thing."

She drew a deep breath. "It's not that. It's because Mr. Roskin threatened to give you the sack if I didn't."

Anger burned in his chest. "And ye think I'm not man enough to take care of meself?"

"No, Ian, it's not like that-"

"Then what is it like?" She didn't trust him to fend for his own neck, let alone hers. "By heaven, woman, ye've no faith in me at all."

And maybe she was right. He ground his teeth together, lifted her off his lap and across the narrow space to the opposite seat. The carriage made a sharp turn and began to slow. Ian caught a glimpse of Hartwell House at the end of the block, every window ablaze with light. Lady Sybil's future husband waited inside that festive manor.

Maybe his Lady Jane's future husband.

"Happy Christmas, love," Ian said as he swung open the carriage door. "Do what ye think ye must, but I'll be leaving Somerville House after the first of the year."

"Ian, wait."

"I'm not a man to be hiding behind a woman's skirts." In truth, he couldn't bear the thought of tending the stable while Jane slipped deeper into her role as Sybil, spiraling farther and farther out of his reach. "I wish ye well of your choice, Janie."

Ian Michael vaulted out the open door and trotted alongside the slowing carriage. He hauled himself up beside Edward on the rear rail as the brougham came to a halt before the columned, arched front of Lord Hartwell's imposing edifice.

Edward hopped down and opened the carriage door with a flourish. He extended his hand to help her alight and Jane emerged from the enclosed carriage. From her graceful movement to her elegant costume, her transformation into Lady Sybil was flawless.

Only Ian noticed that her expression was strained and the tip of her nose was redder than the cold should have made it. She was fighting back tears.

Keep fighting, Jane, he thought fiercely. If he saw a tear fall, he'd disgrace them both by swooping her up and carrying her away.

Instead he fell into step with Edward behind her as she walked up to the tall double doors. Liveried porters swung them open at her approach, and light and heat spilled out into the frosty air. Strains of a string quartet pierced the night.

The massive doors thudded closed behind her, swallowing Jane up and shutting Ian out.

Ian cleared his throat before he trusted his voice. "Now what do we do?" he asked Edward. Normally his work ended once the horses left his master's stable.

"Now's when we nip round to the kitchen. There'll be food and drink aplenty on a night like this." Edward nudged him with a sharp elbow. "Bound to be a comely maid or two hereabouts, if you can catch one what ain't busy serving at table."

Ian's gaze shot back to the closed doors.

His Jane belonged to the glittering world behind them now. And she was as far above the likes of a stable hand, or even a Man-of-All-Work, as the waxing moon over his head.

Chapter Seven

Ian dogged Edward around the massive residence, past spots where long shafts of light spilled onto sparkling snow. They passed a spreading oak with a heavy branch stretching near one of the tall windows on the upper story. Before he thought better of it, Ian put his foot in a low crotch of the tree and shimmied up the rest of the way to peer through the wavy glass at the revelry inside.

"What are you doing?" Edward said, hugging himself and hopping from one foot to the other against the cold. "If you're caught playing peep-Tom, we'll both be in for it."

"No one's looking this way. I'll only be a moment. Just remember that tin of tobacco I promised ye." Ian leaned in to improve his view.

The dancing had begun, stately and elegant. The fine ladies and gentlemen moved through the prescribed steps with grace and refinement. Along one greenery-festooned wall, seated matrons gossiped behind their fans. A few young bucks were gathered around a steaming wassail bowl, sipping from silver cups and eyeing the row of wallflowers in speculation. One of them screwed up his courage and approached a slender miss in a pink gown so pale it seemed only a ghost of the color.

In stark contrast, Janie was a splash of red silk, making a dipping curtsey to a man and woman Ian decided must be the host and hostess of the affair, the Marquess and Marchioness of Hartwell.

"What do you see?"

Ian couldn't very well admit he was watching Jane. "I think I see Lord and Lady Hartwell."

"Good man, that. So they say."

"Aye," Ian agreed as he took the marquess's measure. Robert Braithwaite, Lord Hartwell, was a tall man, powerfully built, his dark hair shot with silver. "He wants to put an end to child labor, ye know."

Ian had read some of his lordship's impassioned speeches on the subject in the tabloids. A formidable man with a good heart, despite his lack of understanding, he decided.

"Mayhap someone should remind his lordship that poor families will be even poorer for the lack of their children's wages," Edward pointed out with practicality.

Ian nodded. He couldn't remember a time when he hadn't worked, mucking stables or polishing saddles for one fine lord or another.

"The poor work, and the rich play," Edward said, blowing on his hands to warm them. "It's the way of the world."

The marchioness was leaning forward to kiss both of his Janie's cheeks in greeting now. The smiling lady had no idea she was welcoming a scullery maid, someone who would normally be beneath her touch, to her grand fete.

Ian had advanced himself through hard labor. He'd struggled to learn to read in the hope of a better life. The position waiting for him in Wiltshire was as high as he could aspire. Being Man-of-All-Work was heavy responsibility, to be sure, but it came with a decent salary and a private cottage. It was every workingman's dream.

But Janie could dream higher. She could be a lady in truth. She was smiling and nodding to the marchioness now. Jane fit seamlessly into the picture of elegance.

He was right to let her go.

A stiff wind whistled past.

"Come on, man," Edward urged. "There's Christmas pudding waiting, I shouldn't wonder."

Bitter cold settled on Ian's heart. He swung himself down from the branch, dropped into the snow, and trudged after the other footman. As they neared the corner of Hartwell House, Edward raised a hand to signal a halt.

"What-"

"Shh!" Edward hissed, and pointed toward one of the porticoes opening onto Lord Hartwell's frozen garden. There in the shadows, Ian could make out the forms of a man and a woman. The woman was pinned against the gray stone, her skirt hiked to her waist while the man pumped vigorously against her. The woman moaned.

Ian started forward, thinking the cad was using her against her will, but Edward stopped him with an arm across his chest. "It's all right. Give 'em a moment. Won't be long now. Not in this weather."

The man stiffened with a groan and the woman gasped in pleasure. Feigned or real, Ian couldn't tell, but it was obvious the woman was a willing party to this cold tryst.

The man stepped back, and moonlight struck them full on. The woman was wearing a mobcap and apron, but the man was a dandy with a high collar, mutton-sleeved jacket and slim dark trousers.

"He's decked out like a lord," Ian whispered.

"That's because he is," Edward whispered back.

The man tucked himself back into his trousers, without so much as a glance at his partner.

The woman leaned toward him. "Oh, I never dreamed it'd be so grand with a titled gent." She giggled. "Just imagine. Me, taking a tumble with a viscount."

"Yes, well, don't allow yourself to become accustomed to the idea," the man said coldly. "It was not so grand an occasion from this end. Rather ordinary, actually."

He turned on his heel and strode away, leaving the woman gaping after him. Then she loosed a sob, covered her mouth with her hand and broke into a stumbling run toward the scullery door.

"Right-o," Edward said, as if this sort of thing were hardly surprising. "Now for the kitchen."

Anger burned in Ian's belly. It was bad enough the rich had all the good food and drink and fine things. Did they have to despoil the help as well? "Who is that gobble-cock?"

"That," Edward said with a shrug, "is the Lady Sybil's future husband, Lord Eddleton."

"The devil ye say!"

"Almost, according to the rumors." Edward crunched through the snow toward the fragrant kitchen door. "But he's a well-connected devil by all accounts, and that, my young friend, covers a multitude of sins." Edward sniffed the air. "I think I smell beef. Can't remember the last time I wrapped my choppers around a good brisket. We'll make out like a pair o' brigands tonight."

Edward slapped Ian on the back companionably and strode forward. When Ian didn't follow, he stopped and looked back. "Coming?"

"Go ye ahead," Ian said. "I'll be along."

"More beef for me then." Edward shrugged and followed his nose toward the source of the delightful smell.

Ian tromped back around the corner and climbed the oak to peer through the window of the ballroom once more. After a few moments, he found Jane. And in another heartbeat or two, so did Viscount Eddleton.

That worthless piece of dung was fawning over his Janie's white-gloved hand.

Perhaps there was more to life than the promise of a full belly. Mayhap Jane would put more stock in a true heart than a title. And a true heart, Ian was confident, he could offer in abundance. All he wanted in this life was his Janie. If Eddleton had been a decent sort, Ian would have let her go, figuring it would be for the best. But Eddleton wasn't, and that settled the matter. Ian decided to press his suit

If she rejected him, well, he'd deal with that if he had to. Though he didn't intend to go down without a fight.

"No thank ye, Edward," he muttered. "Enjoy your beef. I'd rather make out like a lord than a brigand this night." He narrowed his gaze at Eddleton's poker-stiff back. "Though I may have to turn brigand to do it."

"Lady Sybil, I presume," the blond, cherub-faced gentleman said with a slight bow. When Jane extended a hand, he straightened to his full height, which was about half a head taller than she. He favored her with a dazzling smile and lifted her knuckles to his lips. "Enchante, mademoiselle. Vous etes plus jolie que je me suis attendu."

Blast! Why hadn't Sybil ever skipped out of her French lessons? Well, whatever the man had said sounded perfectly delightful, so she smiled at him while she tugged her hand free. "Likewise, I'm sure."

"So I'm prettier than you expected, too! How droll. No one warned me of your wit." He laughed and clicked his heels together. "From the furrow on your lovely brow, I can tell you don't know who I am. I don't see Lord Somerville anywhere to do the honors, so allow me to introduce myself. Viscount Eddleton, at your service." Then he relaxed his rigid posture and leaned toward her conspiratorially. "But by the end of the evening, I hope you'll be calling me George."

Jane's belly roiled. So this was the stranger whose proposal she'd have to accept before the end of the ball. Though the marriage agreement was all but signed, his manner was so forward, so blatantly confident, Jane was irritated on Sybil's behalf. Even an arranged bride deserved a little courtship.

What would Lady Sybil do?

"Perhaps, milord, I'll find another name for you." Jane arched one brow in perfect imitation of the knowing expression on Lady Sybil's nude portrait. "But it may not be George."

That knocked the smugness off his face. It would do the man good to have to work a bit for this engagement. He cocked his head at her, clearly reassessing.

"Lovely, but stubborn," he said. "My informant wasn't all wrong then. I was warned of your temperament."

Jane flipped open her gilded fan and fluttered it before her. It was a small shield, but it was all she had. "You have me at a disadvantage, sir, if you have been spying on me."

"Spying on you? What a charming notion!"

Jane didn't have much experience with men, but she recognized a rakish grin when she saw one.

"I'm curious, milady. What sort of activities of yours do you think I'd most enjoy from a clandestine vantage point?"

"I think perhaps a view of me walking away." She turned and glided from him.

He caught up with her in short order. "Please, I meant no harm. Surely a jest between those whom the fates have thrown together is no cause for offense."

Jane kept walking as the string ensemble began the stately, somber tones of a quadrille.

"I fear we've started on the wrong foot," Eddleton said, clearly dismayed. "Allow me to make amends. May I have this dance?"

"If you tend to start on the wrong foot, do you think dancing the wisest course?"

He chuckled, nervously this time. "Touche, mademoiselle. Once again, I am wounded."

"Rest easy, sir. It doesn't appear mortal."

"You think not?" He splayed a hand over his chest, careful not to crush his cravat's waterfall. "Cupid's dart carries quite a sting."

"So you are well acquainted with the boy with the arrows?"

"I would have thought so," he admitted. "Before I met you. Now I see that my other amours were mere flesh wounds. You, mademoiselle, fairly pierce my heart."

What a bag of moonshine!' Jane narrowly resisted rolling her eyes. For whatever reason, it was obvious Lord Eddleton wanted the betrothal to go forward. Wanted it quite desperately if he resorted to such overblown declarations within a minute of their meeting.

Well, accepting Lord Eddleton's proposal was why she was here. But if she could start the relationship between Lady Sybil and her betrothed on a more equal footing she would consider that her gift to her half sister. She rested her palm on his offered arm.

"By all means, if indeed the fates have thrown us together, we should dance," she said, tossing his words back at him. "Let us see if at least our feet can find an accord."

Jane and Viscount Eddleton formed up with another couple for the quadrille. She caught a fleeting reflection of herself in the dark windows, her scarlet gown wavering in the soft light. She didn't recognize the stranger who stared back at her.

How long could she keep up this charade without losing herself?

Bless Agnes for making me learn to dance, she thought as she answered the viscount's bow with a deep curtsey. Dancing was a welcome respite. Since the quadrille involved another couple, no one spoke. Lord Eddleton was on his best behavior, smiling politely and executing the dance with grace.

Jane moved through the prescribed turns and steps, surprised by how easily she was accepted as Lady Sybil. She'd been both disappointed and relieved when Lord Somerville failed to arrive in time to escort her to Lord Hartwell's ball. Surely he'd have been difficult to fool. Once here, she had expected to have to bluff her way through a dozen conversations with Sybil's friends, but other than the marchioness, no one had greeted her with more than a slight nod.

Could Sybil really have so few friends?

They reached the last turn in the quadrille and Lord Eddleton escorted her from the floor.

"I'm sure your dance card will fill quickly, my dear," he said, reaching for the gilt booklet that dangled from one of her wrists. "I'll not presume upon your company, but I'll pencil myself in for the last dance. After all, we do have business to conclude this evening."

Business! Was that what he thought of his coming betrothal? If she were acting as herself instead of Sybil, she'd have put a knee to his groin right there.

Lord Eddleton scribbled his name and then handed the dance card back. His gaze focused on something over her right shoulder. She could have sworn he blanched whiter than a toad's belly.

"Right, then," he said. "I'll see you soon. Have a lovely evening."

He rushed his obeisance over her hand and then practically ran from her, glancing back over his shoulder. Jane turned slowly, to see if she could determine the reason for her soon-to-be-betrothed's quick departure, but she could spot no danger. There was only a small woman in a canary yellow ball gown. The lady didn't appear at all threatening, but her sharp eyes did seem to be marking Eddleton's progress across the crowded ballroom.

Jane didn't have time to puzzle over why the viscount had fled like a harried fox. Or why the lady in yellow trailed him like a hound on the scent. True to Eddleton's prediction, Jane's dance card filled quickly. Lady Sybil obviously didn't have many female friends, but she was undeniably popular with the men in attendance.

Sybil's cunning embroidered slippers might have been all the crack for fashion, but Jane's feet ached by the time the musicians laid aside their bows for a short break. The quartet of matrons playing whist at a table in the corner gave her directions to the ladies' retiring room and she started toward one of the doors that led away from the ballroom. She hoped with her whole heart that real ladies were sensible enough to take off their pinching slippers for a good foot rub.

She somehow doubted it

But before she made good her escape, she noticed someone lounging by the doorway who made her forget she even possessed feet.

He was leaning against the thick mahogany panels, his manner completely at ease. But his dark eyes watched her with the intensity of a cat before a mouse hole.

His slim dark trousers, gray cutaway jacket, and waistcoat embroidered with silver threads looked like they'd leapt from a fashion plate. Barring the indifferently tied cravat tumbling from his high collar, he was as well turned out as the marquess himself.

He smiled slowly at Jane. As she walked toward him, his crooked grin fisted her heart. She tamped down the flutter in her belly.

"Ian Michael MacGarrett," she hissed. "What do you think you're doing here?"

Chapter Eight

"For a bright girl, Janie, ye're a bit daft this evening. It's plain as the nose on your face what I'm doing here. I'm looking at ye, of course." Ian's hot gaze traveled down her form and back to meet her eyes again. "Ye're well worth looking at, lassie, all flushed and rosy. Ye should wear red all the time."

"Never mind that." Her voiced rasped with irritation, even though his admiration sent a tingle spiraling into her belly. She stepped closer to him so no one would overhear them. Ian didn't smell of fresh stable straw now. A solid whiff of sandalwood emanated from his fine clothes, along with his own masculine scent. "How did you get that suit?"

"Same way you got what you're wearing." He folded his arms across his broad chest and leaned toward her to whisper, "I borrowed it."

"That much I figured," she whispered back, so she had to move even closer. Or was he drawing her in? "From whom?"

"Well, it was more trouble than I expected, I'll grant ye. I counted on being able to waylay one of these dandies hereabouts. These fancy gents make frequent trips out to the garden to smoke and... other things, but most of them are on the puny side and for the longest time I didn't see any whose clothes I thought I could fit into," he said, clearly enjoying stringing out the tale. "Then I remembered that Lord Hartwell is a goodly-sized fellow-"

"Oh, Ian!" Jane's stomach turned a backflips. "Tell me you did not steal from the marquess."

"Borrow," he corrected. "Borrow from the marquess."

"Borrow then, you stupid, big Scot." Jane suppressed the desire to pound her fist on his chest beneath the messily tied cravat. That sort of violence might be frowned upon in polite society, though if any would dare flout society's rules, it would undoubtedly be Sybil. Jane struggled with the urge for another couple of heartbeats, then continued in a furious whisper. "Why would you do such a thing?"

The musicians started a softly yearning tune in three-quarter time. Ian's eyes darkened as he looked at her.

"Maybe I wanted to dance with ye, love."

His husky voice sent a shiver over her. Her heart pounded as if she'd run up three flights of stairs with an armload of washing. With infinite slowness, he slid a hand along the side of her waist, the silk of her gown rustling, almost purring, beneath his touch. Ian took her hand and the fight sizzled out of her.

"Waltz with me, Jane."

She didn't speak. She didn't need to. Her body answered for her. Jane found herself swirling around the dance floor. Ian pulled her closer so their bodies brushed each other on the dipping first beat of each measure.

The rest of the ball guests whisked by in a colorful blur at the edge of her vision. They blended with the greenery and scarlet bows and the blaze of tapers, but she couldn't tear her gaze from Ian's face. When the waltz slowed to a stop, Jane realized that he'd danced her out one of the large double doors and down the hallway that ran alongside the ballroom. The next man on her dance card was unlikely to find her. Not that that troubled her at all at the moment.

They came to a stop with a final slow turn before one of the tall Palladian windows that overlooked the ice-spangled garden. Snow had drifted onto the lower right corner of each pane of glass, a sparkling frozen triangle in every little rectangle.

Ian made no move to release her, even though the music had stopped. Jane couldn't bear to pull away.

"I didn't know you could dance, Ian."

A smile crinkled his eyes. "Even a stupid, big Scot can count to three."

His words reminded her she was angry with him. "But a stupid, big Scot apparently can't tell whose wardrobe he shouldn't be raiding."

"This is no' a raid," he said. "I dinna even intend to take his lordship's fine things out of his house. If it's a raid we're talking of, I could tell ye of some beauties! Me ol' grandsire once made off with thirty head of the neighboring clan's best Angus beeves. Now that was a raid."

"You know what I mean."

"Aye, lass, I ken your meaning. But a real raid means taking something of value with no intention of giving it back. I fully intend to return his lordship's fancy getup." He leaned down, his dark eyes searching her face. "But I do mean to take ye, Jane. And I have no intention of giving ye back."

There was no mistaking the tilt of his head as he bent toward her. She forced herself not to stand tiptoe to meet him halfway.

"No." She splayed her fingers across his chest but couldn't bring herself to push against him very hard. "Lady Sybil is supposed to be accepting a proposal of marriage this night. How would it look if she were found kissing someone else?"

"Like she'd been caught under the mistletoe," he said, pointing upward to the clump of greenery Jane had missed. "A perfectly innocent situation. None can fault Lady Sybil for a bit of Christmas spirit."

"But-"

"Besides," Ian said, as he tugged her closer. Her body melted against him, her softness conforming to his hardness. "What if my Lady Jane were offered a proposal this night for herself?"

She gasped a quick breath. Did he mean it? The soft gleam in his eyes said he did. Still, it was a backhanded way to ask her to marry him.

"I guess," she said slowly, "it would depend on who was doing the offering."

"Let me show you."

His lips brushed hers, a teasing kiss. Then he covered her mouth with his. Jane's lips parted and he accepted her welcome, sweeping in with his tongue.

Jane arched against him. His warmth penetrated the silk as if she were nak*d. Heat settled low in her belly and the strange dull ache she always felt when Ian kissed her began afresh. It wasn't painful exactly. But it was an odd sensation, a wanting, hollow feeling, a craving more potent than hunger, more urgent than thirst.

She was certain Ian could make it better, if she let him.

But she didn't dare. There was too much at stake. She had to fulfill her role as Sybil this night and that meant she had to stop needing Ian so desperately.

She pushed against his chest until he released her mouth, but Jane didn't have enough willpower to pull out of his arms. She laid her head against his chest and felt his heart pounding beneath her cheek.

"Why must everything be so hard?" she whispered.

"I dinna ken, lass," he said, stroking her spine. "But there are some things that come easily if we let them."

Her body throbbed an Amen.

A group of gentlemen suddenly spilled out one of the doors from the ballroom, talking in low murmurs.

"Oh, no!" Jane spotted Lord Hartwell at the center of the moving circle. "If the marquess recognizes that suit of clothes you're wearing, you're done as a Christmas goose."

Jane grabbed Ian's shoulders and turned with him to face the tall windows. He slipped an arm around her waist, and she leaned into him. Maybe if they stood still, Lord Hartwell and his entourage would overlook them.

"If you'd only consider the plight of these children," the marquess was saying, "you'd not think twice about voting with me."

"But what of the factory owners? Who'll compensate them for loss of laborers?" another man asked. "I can't see raising taxes on account of these snot-nosed ragamuffins."

"Come, Richland." Lord Hartwell's tone was still calm and reasonable, as though Lord Richland had agreed with him already. "I've discovered an exceptionally fine case of Spanish port. Let's discuss this further down in my study, shall we?"

Jane held her breath until the last click of their heels on the hardwood faded in the distance.

"That's it, Ian," she hissed. "You must get out of those clothes right now."

"I thought ye'd never ask," he said with a chuckle. "Only if ye help me."

"This is serious. His lordship might come back at any moment."

"Then we'd best hurry." He took her elbow and started leading her down the hall.

"Ian!"

"Those are me terms, love." He stopped and looked down at her. "I canna leave ye to the likes of Lord Eddleton."

Jane laughed mirthlessly. "My sham betrothed. I can't think why you're bothered about this little farce."

"I know ye think this is some sort of game ye're playin', but if Lady Sybil never comes back, his lordship's proposal is as good as real. Ye'll be a lady in truth, Janie." He settled his big hands on her shoulders and leaned to touch his forehead to hers, their breaths mingling. "I'm mindful that it's a big choice I give ye now. But I do give it. Choose."

She closed her eyes, scrunching her brows together in thought. The string quartet started up a stately sarabande and Jane mentally ticked off the remaining dances on her card. There were at least twelve or thirteen until the final slow waltz she'd promised Lord Eddleton. And maybe a break or two for the musicians. She doubted it was enough time to talk sense into Ian's thick Scottish skull, but she ought to at least be able to see him safely back into his footman's livery.

She opened her eyes. "Let's go."

Sybil peered through the grimy window to the snow-rutted street below. A fancy equipage rattled past, throwing slush on the foot traffic that scurried out of its way. Was it someone she knew riding inside that gilded coach? Lord Hartwell's grand Christmas Ball made it almost worth staying in London. No one of quality left in the city would think of missing it.

Cold seeped through a crack in the glass and reached its icy fingers toward her. With a shiver, she drew the woolen blanket she was using in place of a bedshawl tighter around her shoulders.

"I must go for a little while." Giovanni came up behind her, lifted her hair, and planted his lips on her nape. Pleasure and warmth spread down her spine. She arched, catlike, into him.

"Go? Where?"

"To bespeak passage for us, cara mia," he said. "We cannot hide here forever."

She turned and twined her arms around his neck. "It would be nice."

"But we must come out sometime, and I would have us make for someplace safe, before your father catches up to us." He pecked her cheek and turned away to tug on a heavy jacket. "The mode of travel, she will not be in the style you are accustomed to, I fear. It's steerage class for a poor painter and his lady."

"I brought some jewelry." Sybil turned away from the window and rifled through her small satchel. "We can sell these earbobs and travel in style."

She pressed the pair of sapphire and pearl studs into his open palm. He studied them so intently, she wondered if he was considering adding them to a still life composition.

"No, my selfish little heart," he said with a laugh as he returned them to her. "Your trinkets you must keep. Giovanni will take care of you. Perhaps I will sell a painting on the way to the wharf and we can move up to a second-class berth. Would you like that?"

"I don't care," she said fiercely as she hugged him, hooking one leg around his and rocking against him. Selfish? Well, it was what she'd called herself, wasn't it? "As long as I'm with you, it doesn't matter where we are."

He kissed her long and deeply, cupping her bottom to lift her against him. Sybil moaned into his mouth. Just when she thought she'd persuaded him to stay, he pulled away.

"If I do not go now, we miss the morning sailing." He wound a thick muffler around his neck. His southern blood had never thinned enough for England's cold, damp winters. "Go back to bed and keep warm. I will join you soon."

Once he had latched the door behind him, Sybil slumped on the edge of the bed. Over the last six months, she and Giovanni had made love in his little garret apartment so many times, she'd lost count. Fear of being caught stealing away from her father's house had added spice to the adventure. The tiny space was magical when Giovanni was with her, a fleshly pleasure garden.

Now, looking around the sorry collection of cast-off furniture and half-finished canvases, she could only see its seediness. And the neighborhood was so dicey he even had to lock the much-dented trunk that held his spare clothes. She wondered how Giovanni could bear this place alone.

Sybil drew the blanket up to her chin. When he had left, he'd taken the only source of heat with him-his body. Once he returned, she wouldn't give his pitiful room another thought. She could live anywhere, so long as Giovanni was with her.

But what about Father?

Her conscience hadn't troubled her in so long, Sybil was surprised when she heard its small voice in her mind.

"He'll be fine," she said aloud.

She replayed their last, crockery-smashing argument in her head. His angry tirade hadn't moved her, but when her indomitable father finally sank into his leather desk chair and held his gray head in his hands, his shoulders shaking with suppressed sobs, Sybil had been completely overcome.

Only the threat of her father's utter ruin made her agree to let Mr. Roskin arrange a lucrative match for her. But then the earl had left for a season of hunting, as if her sacrifice were nothing.

It had been easy to climb out the window this morning without a backward glance.

What will happen to Father?

The small voice began chanting the question. A snippet of memory rose up to torment her.

"Oh, Father, you remembered!" An eight-year-old Sybil squealed with delight as the earl lifted her onto the back of a fat pony. She'd hounded her father for months about a mount of her own and now, he took as much pleasure in it as she did. Her father's eyes lost that look of carefully guarded emptiness for a few moments as be watched her trot around the small pen.

Mother's fever was better that day, so she watched, too. Small and frail in her wheeled chair, she was so obscured in the dark shade of a broad sycamore, it was as if she watched from some other realm already.

Sybil's father had seemed to shrink into himself when her mother died not a fortnight later.

Guilt, Sybil suspected.

She knew men of her class thought nothing of keeping a mistress, and most of their wives maintained a state of willful ignorance about that "other one." But when her mother had discovered her father had sired a bastard on one of the help right under her own roof, her health, never robust, began its steep decline. Lord Somerville blamed himself.

Now, her father faced his own decline-a financial one. And might not his health follow his fortunes?

Sybil sighed. Had the earl passed guilt on to her along with his eyes and the soup girl's face?

She stood and paced the small room. Giovanni was bohemian enough in his lifestyle not to ask her to marry him. He was content with warming her bed and that was fine with her. It kept their relationship blissfully uncomplicated.

Emphasis on bliss.

Then an idea struck her.

Why not go ahead and marry Lord Eddleton?

She swallowed a shudder of distaste at the idea of coupling with someone other than Giovanni, but she supposed she'd have to in order to make the contract valid. Then, once the Pearl made port and her father's finances were settled, she and Giovanni could run away together and live in delicious sin beneath a blue Tuscan sky.

It was only a matter of a quick wedding and a few months of pretended wedded harmony. She wouldn't even need to give up Giovanni, so long as they were discreet.

But that meant Sybil had to appear at Lord Hartwell's Christmas Ball this night to accept Lord Eddleton's proposal.

She dressed quickly and then sat down to write Giovanni a short note. Yes, this would be best for all concerned. It would give her time to plan and pull together some traveling money as well. She'd go with Giovanni in any case, but why not go in style?

"I wonder if I can convince my fiance to hire Giovanni to paint our wedding portrait," she said with a laugh. She sealed the note with a glob of candle wax, then dashed down the rickety stairs and into the snowy night.

Chapter Nine

Ian led Jane down the corridor and into the staircase hall. One floor below them, more guests were being admitted at the front door with loud announcements of Lord and Lady Somesuch-or-Other ringing in the grand foyer. The porter was minding his position. But at the second-story landing, Ian and Jane tiptoed past a liveried servant who nodded at his post, like a tired cart horse, snoring softly. The scent of gin wafted about him.

Too much Christmas spirit, Ian thought thankfully as they climbed the gracious main staircase, their steps silent as the snow falling outside.

Halfway up to the next landing, Jane tugged his hand and whispered, "This leads to the family's floor. Someone's bound to see us there."

Ian shook his head. "His lordship is playing politics and Lady Hartwell is busy with her guests. All the servants are either running up and down the back staircase in service or in the kitchen, enjoying their own Christmas feast."

He hoped Edward was enjoying his beef.

Ian had a feast of his own in mind, if only she'd start up the stairs once again. "Come, love."

Jane pushed around him, lifted her skirts, and took the steps two at a time, her slippers making a soft swish against the polished oak. Ian hurried to catch up to her. When he threw a sidelong glance at Jane, her face was set in a frown. He'd smooth that away in short order if she'd give him his way just this once.

Ian ducked into the marquess's chamber. The gas lamp had been left burning low, softening the dark edges of the masculine room with a golden glow.

Jane was still scowling at him as she followed him in. "Well, what are you waiting for?"

He started to embrace her but she straight-armed him.

"Not now." She spoke softly, but her determination was unmistakable, a spine of steel wrapped in silk. He wondered if she knew how fetching she was when blood heated her cheeks and spread down her neck to the tops of her br**sts. "Out of those clothes, Ian. And I mean it."

"Willingly." Even though she was angry with him for dragging her up here, his body roused to her with an aching cockstand. A smile tugged at his mouth. "But remember your bargain. You're here to help me out of them."

"You'll have to tell me what to do, since I've never undressed a man before." She cocked her head at him and arched a not-so-innocent brow. "What do you want?"

You, Janie love, up against the wall with your gown bunched around your waist. His mouth went dry. Damn, he was as randy a he-goat as that blasted Lord Eddleton. But unlike the viscount, Ian loved this lady. Surely that counted for something.

"I..." He tugged at his cravat and hopelessly fouled the knot. "I want to be rid of this bloody bit of rubbish about my neck."

Tugging off her long white gloves, she floated toward him. Her kid-soled slippers skimmed across the floor as if she possessed invisible wings.

"Let me see about it, then." She dropped the gloves and her fingers grazed his neck in teasing touches. "Oh, you've tugged the wrong end of the waterfall. There."

She held both ends of the neck cloth and pulled his head down so there was hardly a hand's span between them. Her breath was moist and sweet. The remembered taste of her mouth made his c*ck twitch.

"Next time," she said in a husky whisper, "steal a cravat with less starch."

Then she yanked the cravat off his neck, the stiff cloth raking his flesh.

"Ow!" He clapped a hand to the back of his neck and rubbed vigorously.

"Less starch would smart less, I expect," she said with a poisonous smile.

"You did that of a purpose."

"Of course."

"I thought ye agreed to-"

"Help you out of those clothes? So I did." She poked out her bottom lip in a wickedly seductive pout. "You wanted to be rid of your cravat and I've rid you of it."

"But that's not-"

"Not what you asked for? Or not what you expected?" She poked his chest with her forefinger. "Ian Michael, this is no game. Do you not understand what will happen to you if you're caught in his lordship's clothes?"

"Aye, but-"

"But nothing." She reached up and started to push the gray wool jacket off his shoulders. He turned a slow circle and slid out of it before he knew what was happening. "We don't have time to waste. I'm only here to make sure you get back into that footman's livery, you stupid, big Scot."

He decided silence was his best defense.

She dipped to retrieve her gloves and spread them and the jacket neatly across the foot of his lordship's tall bed. He followed close behind so that when she turned around there was only a hand's span between them.

"And don't think you'll be sidetracking me with kisses," she went on, as her fingers flew down the row of silver buttons marching down his waistcoat.

The sweet lilac smell of her hair made his mouth water, but he wisely kept it shut. She folded the waistcoat and laid it beside the jacket before turning back to him.

"Do you really think Lord Hartwell won't notice that someone else has been wearing his shirt?" Her hands slowed as she undid the buttons on the fine white lawn, exposing more and more of his chest as the fabric parted.

He balled his fingers into fists to keep from reaching out to her.

"Turn around." Her voice trembled a bit, enough to let him know she was losing steam.

He forced himself not to smile until he'd presented his back to her. She tugged the shirttail out of his trousers and peeled it slowly off him, baring his back. Her breath hitched.

"You're not wearing any small clothes at all," she said softly.

Ian shrugged. "Charlie's livery is a snug fit. It's easier to fasten up wearing nothing but me skin beneath. Then once here, I figured it was bad enough to help myself to Lord Hartwell's wardrobe. I didn't think I should press his hospitality so far as borrowing his drawers."

A giggle slipped from Jane's lips.

So lightly he almost thought he was imagining it, she ran her fingertips along the tops of his shoulders and then down the sensitive indentation of his spine. It took every ounce of will he possessed to remain still.

"You shouldn't have come." Her breathless tone belied her words. "Honestly, Ian, what were you thinking?"

He turned to face her. "I was thinking I couldn't bear for ye to belong to someone else."

Something softened behind her eyes. The hazel seemed to darken to indigo in the dim light.

"Do ye no' ken that I want ye only for myself?" He cupped her face and was grateful beyond words when she leaned her cheek into his rough palm. Her skin was smoother than her silk gown. He ached to press his lips against her cheek. "I couldn't bear the thought of another man touching ye the way I long to."

Slowly, as if she were a spooked mare, he leaned down and kissed her on the sweet hollow beneath her cheekbone. She didn't stop him, so he moved down to the corner of her mouth, the spot that was half warm skin, half intimate moistness. With a low moan, Jane turned her head. Her lips parted in unmistakable invitation.

He took her mouth, gently at first, then because he couldn't help it, with bruising passion. His tongue played a lovers' game with hers, a darting chase of capture and release. Jane proved his equal, stealing the breath from his lungs and replacing it sweetly with her own.

While he slanted his mouth over hers, Ian slid his hand down to the top of her gown where the line of pearl buttons began down the front. He fiddled with the top one and it popped open. She broke their kiss off.

"I thought we were here to undress you," she said with an impish grin, but she made no move to stop him when he moved down to the next pearl.

"Perhaps we could take it turn and turnabout," he suggested, as he circled the button with his finger.

"Perhaps we could."

With a rustle of silk, her gown parted on either side of her bosom, revealing a thin chemise and beribboned corset beneath. He could make out the dark shadows of her n**ples through the chemise. Her br**sts rose and fell slightly with each breath. She was so lovely. Without conscious volition, his hand claimed her softness. He pulled back immediately. He knew he didn't deserve her.

"Oh, Janie." His gaze shifted from her br**sts back up to her wide eyes.

"Do you love me, Ian?"

"Aye, lass, more than me next breath."

She took his big, rough hand and placed it back over her right breast. "Then show me."

Jane splayed her hand on his chest, palm over his galloping heart, then slid down to the buttons at his waist.

"If you ..." Even through the marquess's thick wool trousers, when her hand brushed against his hard cock, he thought his eyes might roll back in his head for a moment. He wanted her so badly, he didn't know how many teasing strokes he could take before he disgraced himself. His tongue felt suddenly thick in his mouth. "If you want, I can do that."

"And ruin my fun?" Jane leaned forward.

The tips of her br**sts brushed against his chest through the thin fabric of her chemise. The light touch sent his groin into spasms.

Pressing honeyed kisses across his chest, she tackled the buttons at his waist by feel alone. The flap front fell away and she delved in to follow the narrow strip of hair that led downward from his navel to spread over his groin.

The trousers sagged down his hips. Jane avoided contact with his throbbing c*ck as she tugged them down the rest of the way. He toed off his shoes. A few chestnut curls that had escaped her neat bun brushed over him as she bent over.

Ian gritted his teeth.

Jane paused, crouching before him, her eyes widening as she looked him over. He tipped her chin up to meet his gaze. Her red lips were mere inches from his cock. A tiny pearl of fluid formed at the tip of him.

Take me in, love, he wanted to say.

But when she drew a timid finger down the full length of him, a shock of need coursed through his body and the power of speech deserted him completely.

He raised her to her feet, pressing flush against her. Jane's curves molded to his hardness. He ran his hands down her spine and stayed to dally with the crevice of her buttocks through the thin silk.

When he heard her breath catch, he pulled back. Her eyes were heavy-lidded, her mouth kiss-swollen. He'd made her want him. There wasn't a no left in her.

Dear God, he hoped not. Else he was a dead man.

Ian lowered his mouth to her br**sts, dampening her lace-trimmed chemise with wet kisses. He suckled her through the cloth and bit down on her nipple enough to send a wicked streak of pleasurable pain knifing through her. What would it be like without the thin layer of muslin?

As if he'd heard her thoughts, he tugged at the lace tie, the anticipation on his face like that of a boy unwrapping a Christmas present. Her skin shivered in excitement. Ian bared her br**sts above the stiff fabric lip of her corset. He nuzzled the hollow between them and then suckled one nipple while he strummed the other with his thumb. Jane's whole body sang.

How many nights had she lain awake wishing for this? A spurt of warmth moistened the folds between her legs. She imagined their bodies entwined on his lordship's bed, writhing on the brocade counterpane. Her body throbbed with pulsing life.

But when he started to unbutton her gown further, sanity gripped her. "Please, no. What if someone should come and catch us here?"

He stopped, but he fretted against her no as if it were an invisible tether and he Lord Somerville's stallion when the mares were in heat. "Janie, do ye love me or no'?"

She took his face in both her hands and pressed a kiss on him. "I love you, Ian Michael. More than my next breath."

"Then trust me, lass. I'll never see ye shamed."

He covered her with kisses as she tumbled with him willingly onto the marquess's fine featherbed.

Chapter Ten

Lord Eddleton mopped his brow with his last good handkerchief. He'd been skulking from one clump of revelers to the next, trying to hide among Lord Hartwell's guests. He hadn't spotted Lady Darvish for the past quarter hour. His sense of gratitude nearly led him to reconsider his opinion on the existence of God.

Of course, he hadn't seen his soon-to-be betrothed either, but he wasn't overly concerned. Lady Sybil was probably gossiping in the lady's retiring room about her trousseau and whatnot with the other hens.

Thank God, he thought, forgetting for a moment he was still entertaining doubts about the deity's existence. Somerville's daughter isn't the horse-faced drudge I feared she'd be. A tempting armful with a father who has deep pockets! I couldn't have arranged matters better!

Eddleton decided to celebrate his good fortune and reward himself with a smoke on the marquess's veranda.

After all, when a man marries for money, he expects to have to do more than look the gift-horse in the mouth, he thought as he pushed through the double doors that led out to the frigid garden.

The wind had died, but brittle stars shivered in the clear night sky.

"Cold as a witch's tit." He lit a cheroot and puffed a trio of smoke rings into the frosty air.

A tsking sound came from behind him and he turned to find the woman he'd been avoiding.

"Cold as that, is it, Bertram?" Lady Darvish strode up to him, bold as any bit of muslin in Haymarket, and leaned forward. Her bosom threatened to spill over the bodice of her canary gown. "Perhaps you'd rather try a widow's tit, dear boy. Guaranteed to warm you right up."

Her creamy br**sts thrust up toward him, pert as a girl's, and he nearly reached for them out of habit.

Probably some clever trick of whalebone and padding, he told himself, as he shoved his free hand into his pocket and took a pull on the cigar with the other. Soon he'd be engaged to a lovely young lady and her even lovelier dowry. No need to throw a rub into his own carefully laid plans by following his c*ck into trouble.

"Tempting as your offer is, madam-"

"Leticia," she corrected.

"Lady Darvish," he said pointedly. "I'm very nearly engaged to be married."

"But you're not very nearly dead, are you?" She rested her gloved palm on his chest and then walked her fingers down to his groin.

Despite his better judgment, his body roused to her.

"No, I can tell you're not dead." Lady Darvish caressed his trouser front lightly. She made another pass, running her hand directly over his erection this time, and frowned. "You're also not as gifted as Lady Martin-Featherwight led me to believe."

Eddleton grabbed her wrist and pulled her hand away. "In case it's escaped your notice, madam, it's deucedly cold out. No man is at his best when his jewels are frosted over."

"Well then, Bertie, we'd best get you inside where it's warm and I'll give you an opportunity to prove yourself," she said, rubbing herself against him like some fawning tabby cat.

"I have nothing to prove to you."

"Ah! As I thought. You have nothing. My condolences. I don't blame you, Bert. It must be difficult for a man to be so cruelly underequipped." She cocked her head and pursed her lips. "However, I will have a few choice words for Lady Martin-Featherwight when I see her next for feeding me such a load of twaddle about you." She turned to go. "Hmm. I wonder if she's in attendance tonight?"

"That settles it, madam!" he said through clenched teeth. Eddleton grasped her arm and swung her back around to face him. "Kindly accompany me to his lordship's library and you'll see for yourself just how 'gifted' I am. Then, by Jove, I shall swive you 'til your teeth rattle." He flared his nostrils at her in what he thought was a sufficiently masculine display of contempt. "And after that, you may tell Lady Martin-Feather-whatever anything you damn well please!"

Lady Darvish's mouth curved in a feline smile. "Ah, Bert, when a gentleman asks that prettily, how can a lady say no?"

She grabbed his hand and nearly dragged him back through the double doors, through the festively draped corridor and down the main staircase in search of Lord Hartwell's library.

Sybil paid the cabby and clambered down without any help from the rude fellow. In fact, he pulled away so quickly, the hansom threw a fresh dusting of snow on her half sister's threadbare cloak. As she made her way up the walk to Lord and Lady Hartwell's gaily lit front door, she promised to see that Jane got a new one after this night's work. Heaven knew, she'd earned it.

"Sorry, miss," the porter said. "Servants' entrance in the back."

Sybil's spine stiffened and she bit back the urge to blister the man with a stinging set-down. Then she remembered that in Jane's clothes, she must appear the meanest sort of house drudge. She turned away.

"Go you on the south side, ducks," the porter said in a kindlier tone, "and you'll be out of the wind."

She followed his advice.

After Sybil had sneaked away from Giovanni's garret, she'd made her way home, hoping to don her ball gown and arrive at Hartwell House in fashionably late style. A tongue-tied Agnes had explained that Jane was already wearing the red gown, acting in Sybil's stead so the betrothal could go forward. Sybil had decided the best way for her to switch places at the ball was to wear Jane's rags there.

The idea had made sense at the time.

Now Sybil shivered against the cold as she tromped around to the back of Lord Hartwell's grand manor.

"Suppose I'll have to go through the kitchens," she muttered irritably. "God knows what sort of greasy mess that'll make of these slippers."

She'd steadfastly refused to don Jane's holey ones. At least she'd be able to give her half sister a decent pair of shoes when they made the trade.

Once she rounded the last corner, a pair of footmen in rose-colored livery came through a door, sending a long shaft of light dancing across the snowy ground. The aroma of braised beef and spiced rum wafted out the opening. One of the footmen held the door for her, not with the sweeping leg she was used to receiving, but with an appreciative wink and leering grin. Footmen were the comeliest male servants in any household, and this fellow was no exception.

But his dark hair and eyes only reminded her of Giovanni. Now she wasn't so sure how he'd take her change of plans. She imagined him ripping up her note in a glorious Italianate rage. She wished she could've seen it!

"Jane, I say, Jane Tate!"

Sybil realized with a start that someone was calling the name she should answer to. She turned to see one of her own footmen working his way around the crowded table toward her.

Charles or Edward? She never could keep them straight. Now that she'd walked a bit in a servant's shoes, she was determined to pay more attention to the people who filled her life with comfort from now on.

"Oh, er, hello."

"Come now, Jane. You can do better than that for old Ed! Happy Christmas, girl." Edward gave her a quick kiss on the cheek and pointed up at the sprig of mistletoe dangling between the hanging pots and meat hooks above her. Then he presented his cheek to her.

"Happy Christmas." She returned his peck. "Have you seen Ja-Lady Sybil?"

Edward raised a quizzical brow. "Not since we escorted her to the front door. Ladies don't make a habit of celebrating Christmas with us salt-of-the-earth folk, you know."

"I've got to find her."

"Why?"

"I...I've a message for her."

Edward sighed. "No rest for the weary, I see. Well, let's have it and I'll see she gets it."

Drat! How could she have forgotten that delivering messages was part of a footman's duties?

"No, it's a... a private message. One they didn't want to commit to paper."

"Nothing amiss, I hope," Edward said, now far too interested for her comfort. "His lordship made it back to town, didn't he?"

"I... don't know," she said, swallowing her surprise. Father wasn't back from the country? She'd dressed in Jane's clothes so quickly, Agnes evidently hadn't thought to share this little tidbit with her. What would keep Lord Somerville from being present at her betrothal?

"Well, it's probably nothing,"' Edward said, with a comforting pat on her shoulder. She must not have schooled her face as well as she'd thought. "Reckon he's doing something important. You know how folk of quality are. Everything they do is important, from an audience with His Majesty to an audience with their chamber pot." He laughed hugely at his own wit, then sobered when she didn't join him. Edward had obviously enjoyed the rum punch. "This is a mighty big house to find Lady Sybil in. Shall I go with you then?"

"No, no, I'll be fine," she said quickly as she turned away. Sybil had been a guest at Hartwell House countless times for soirees, interminable recitals, and sumptuous dinners. She'd be able to find her way easily enough once she reached the public areas.

She pushed out of the crowded kitchen and down the dark hall toward a better lit T, where the hall ran perpendicularly in both directions. Now, if she could avoid being seen in Jane's horrible homespun by anyone she knew, she just might make it through the evening.

Jane stared at the gilt ceiling, her vision going in and out of focus. A fresco of nude little cupids cavorted above Lord Hartwell's bed. She'd convinced Ian to let her remain more or less fully clothed, but her soul was stripped bare as the naughty cherubs.

Ian's nak*d body was stretched out beside her, his hardness rocking a slow knock against her hip. He'd parted the thin chemise enough to free her br**sts and was doing totally wicked things to them with his mouth. A small voice in her head whispered that this was madness, but Jane wouldn't stop him. Couldn't. No more than she could fly.

"Janie, love, have ye any notion how fine ye are?" He drew a slow circle around one of her aching n**ples with the tip of this tongue.

She gasped at the zing of pleasure that streaked from her breast to her womb. He rolled her nipple between his thumb and forefinger and she arched her back reflexively. The man knew how to make her want.

"Say ye're mine," Ian prodded.

With what she knew she still must do this evening, Jane couldn't bring herself to lie. "I belong to myself," she said between gasps.

"Do ye? Perhaps I'll have to persuade ye different." To prove his point, he trailed his fingertips down past her ribs, over the mound of her belly, and hiked up her gown. His thick fingers found the lacy slit in her pantaloons and played with the curls between her legs.

The ache grew deeper. She bit the inside of her cheek to keep from crying out as she crossed her ankles and clamped her thighs together, trapping his hand. He didn't try to free it, but he couldn't torment her with it either.

'Not fair," he said.

"Not fair? You're the one who forced me to come up here with you."

"I'll not force you now. But open to me, love. I'll make you glad you did."

When she didn't budge, he bent to nuzzle her nipple, sending another jolt of longing to her core. Her legs parted of their own accord.

His fingers slid deep into her wetness. Equal parts delight and despair shivered through her. He stroked her, teasing, featherlight touches. She raised her h*ps to meet him. His blessed hand stopped moving and settled over her hot mound, just holding her. She throbbed in an agony of need. Someone whimpered. She was too far gone to feel shame when she realized it was her.

His hand moved again, his fingers circling and stroking, whipping her into aching fury. "Admit ye're mine, girl."

His lips closed over her nipple, suckling in rhythm with his hand. His fingers danced over her flesh. Helpless little sounds escaped her throat. Jane's breath hissed over her teeth. The wanting was so sharp-edged, she fisted Lord Hartwell's fancy counterpane with both hands, her eyes squeezed shut.

Then Ian stopped. Her eyes flew open. Her body screamed in frustration, but he left her throbbing with heat He withdrew his hand and sat up.

"Say it."

She shook her head, not trusting her voice. If she spoke at all it would lead to pleading and she couldn't bear that.

"Can ye not? Then I'll try again," he said, lowering his head to nip again at her breast. "Do ye no' love me?"

"You know I do."

"I belong to you, love. I'll not deny it." He kissed her neck, teasing her earlobe with his tongue, while his fingers found that special spot that threatened to unravel her again. Her body shuddered with anticipation. "Try again. Are ye mine?"

Only all I am. He moved down between her legs and kissed her, open-mouthed. His tongue took over for his talented fingers.

"I... have mercy!" she gasped, propping herself on her elbows.

"There's none in me." Ian looked up to meet her gaze for a moment, then returned to savaging her with his lips, teeth, and tongue.

She was losing herself. Bit by bit, little pieces of her were breaking off and floating away. Ian, too. With each of his growls of need, she sensed him letting go, releasing his tight rein on himself and joining her in this madness.

They were creating a special place together where there was no right or wrong, where there was only the dance of light and insanity of sensation, of need and heat and blessed friction. Of warm skin gliding on silk and fevered kisses. Of-

Ian moved up and slid his full length home.

A pinch of pain lanced her, then disintegrated in the bliss of holding him inside her. "Oh, Ian."

Jane had led such a controlled existence 'til now. Do this. Don't go there. Touch not. She accepted that the circumstances of her birth had denied her certain things. Now unbridled life roared in her veins and she welcomed it.

No one would deny her here. There was no one else in this place apart, none but they two. She wrapped her legs around him, drawing him farther into their private world of push and pull, rise and fall.

"Say ye are mine, love," he urged, thrusting deep with each word. Then he stopped and raised himself on his elbows to look down at her. "Say it. Even if it's a lie."

She was so close to some unseen edge. One more time, just one, and she'd unravel completely, like a spindle of yarn tossed across the floor, whipping free.

"I am yours, Ian Michael MacGarrett." She rocked her pelvis, pressing her sensitive spot hard against him. The contractions began. She convulsed around him, urging him to join her. He moved with her. She bucked beneath him, holding him tight and wishing she'd never have to let him go.

"I'm yours," she repeated. She didn't care if he used her words against her later. "Body and soul, bone and breath."

A groan escaped his lips. Ian's body stiffened and he poured his seed into her, hot and steady, shuddering with the force of his release. Then he settled his cheek between her br**sts and lay still as a dead man, except that his breath feathered warmly over her tight nipple.

"I am yours." She pressed a kiss on the crown of his tousled head. "And it is no lie."

Chapter Eleven

Jane slid her fingertips along the indentation of Ian's spine. His breathing was so slow and even, she began to suspect he'd fallen asleep. She didn't care. Their bodies were no longer joined, but she still reveled in his weight on her.

She sighed in contentment. All her joints felt loose and she suspected she'd be a little sore in the morning. It didn't matter. She wouldn't trade this moment for-

The strains of a waltz drifted up to her ear.

"Oh, no!" She squirmed and Ian rolled off her. Jane scrambled from the bed, pulling her chemise top closed and knotting the lace tie. She fastened the buttons marching down the front of her gown and toed on her slippers. Thank God she'd insisted on remaining more or less clothed.

Ian sat up on the bed, his legs thrown over the side. "What the-"

"I must go."

One look at him almost broke her resolve. Broad shouldered, deep-chested with the slightest dusting of dark hair whorled around his brown n**ples-Jane sighed and yanked her gaze from him. There was no help for it. The last waltz was playing. Jane ran to the mirror in the corner of Lord Hartwell's chamber, trying to finger-comb her coiffure back into some semblance of order.

She could hear the music more clearly now. How many bars was that? Eight? Sixteen already gone?

"Where do ye think ye're going?"

"To accept Lord Eddleton's proposal." She strode toward the door.

He beat her there and splatted a thick palm against the English oak. "Jane, I beg ye. Dinna do this."

"I gave my word." She tugged on the handle but Ian held the door fast.

"And what of your word to me? Does that mean nothing?" Barely bridled anger rolled off him in scalding waves.

"I'm still yours. Now more than ever." She put a palm to his cheek and his black scowl softened. "But this is something I must do for-"

"For Lord Somerville," he finished.

"Yes, and for Sybil, too. Don't forget. If not for her needing to run off from time to time, neither of us would be able to read or write."

"Sybil was a selfish, spoiled b-" He caught himself, drawing his lips tight. The joy of literacy was obviously the last thing on Ian's mind. "She dinna do it out of the kindness of her heart."

"So you won't let me do this for her out of the kindness of mine?" She slid her palm down to his bare chest. The warmth of his flesh called to her and she almost gave answer.

"If Eddleton lays a hand on ye-"

"He won't," she assured him. "A gentleman doesn't compromise a woman he intends to marry."

"Hmph!" Ian's mouth turned up in a wicked grin. "Guess that makes me no gentleman."

"No, thank heaven!" She arched a brow at him. There was another backhanded marriage proposal in there somewhere, but she didn't have time to fish for it now. She stood tiptoe to peck his cheek. "Now let me go. And get yourself back into Charlie's livery before someone catches you here in the altogether."

"Ye dinna want me to frighten the upstairs maid?"

"I don't want you to anything the upstairs maid," Jane said with mock sternness, before she slipped out the door and down the dim hallway.

"

Is that a waltz?" Eddleton asked between gasping breaths.

"Why? Do you need music to keep the rhythm going?" Lady Darvish asked, grasping his buttocks and pulling him in deeper. "I'll hire a quartet full-time then, Bert! One-two-three, one-two-three..."

Jane was running now. It was like a nightmare from which she couldn't wake! Hartwell House was so huge and the hallways so convoluted, she couldn't find the head of the staircase they had come up. She couldn't even hear the music any longer. She skittered to the end of the hall and started trying doors. Finally one opened onto a dimly lit back staircase and she dove down it at breakneck speed.

"There's no door," she said in despair when she reached what should have been the second floor, the level of the ballroom. The staircase was obviously reserved solely for the use of those who served on the family's floor, so there was no need for another exit. She put an ear to the wall. Faintly, she heard the whine of violins. "There's still time."

She turned and continued downward. "This staircase has to end somewhere."

"Careful with that, my good man," Giovanni said as he handed his top hat to Lord Hartwell's porter. "The beaver, she does not like to be crushed."

"Of course, milord," the servant said, bowing deeply. "Lord Hartwell is in his study with several other members of the House of Lords. Whom shall I tell him is calling?"

"The Count of Montferrat." Giovanni flared his nostrils with aristocratic disdain, as if noticing for the first time that a grand fete was in progress. "But do not trouble his lordship. I can hear he has a small entertainment under way. Perhaps I should return at a later time."

"Oh, no, milord, he'd not want a gentleman of quality such as yourself turned away. Not one who came all the way from..."

"Tuscany," Giovanni supplied helpfully.

"That near Wales, is it?" the porter asked.

"Near enough."

Giovanni spied Sybil out of the corner of his eye. The little minx was scurrying toward the main staircase as if her knickers were on fire. She was tugging on her second glove. When she reached the foot of the steps, she cast a furtive glance each way, her gaze bouncing over Giovanni as if she didn't recognize him.

Did fine clothes really change a man that much?

She started in the direction of the music, nearly taking the steps two at a time. Then she seemed to catch herself and slowed to a more sedate pace. She looked like sin with feet swaying in that scarlet gown.

"I believe I see someone with whom I am... well acquainted," Giovanni said. "Tell his lordship I am at his disposal after he has finished with his other guests."

He didn't wait for the porter's murmured "Yes, milord" as he hurried after his wayward lover. He caught up to Sybil before she reached the first landing.

"Well met, my Lady Sybil," he said, snatching up her hand and bowing over it correctly, when he wanted nothing more than to scrape his teeth against her perfumed knuckles. "I hope you have saved a dance for me." Then he lowered his voice to a furious whisper, because the porter was gawking up at them with deep interest. "Why not cut out my heart with my own palette knife, cara mia? It would be less cruel."

Her hazel eyes registered shock.

"Si, it is me." Sybil had never suspected his locked trunk held velvets and gold brocade. Giovanni turned back to the porter. "The lady and I are old friends and have much to... how you say... catch down on? Is there such a place where we may not be disturbed?"

"His lordship's library. Back down on this level. Round that corner. Second door on the right," the porter said. "If it please you, milord, I could have a bit o' rum punch sent in for you and the lady's refreshment."

"No need," Giovanni said, as he grasped Sybil's elbow and was pleased by her little squeaking gasp. "The Lady Sybella's company, she is refreshment enough."

The real Sybil picked her way through the labyrinthine corridors leading from the kitchen to the showier parts of Lord Hartwell's grand manor. Jane's homespun was scratchy against her skin as she walked.

The halls were better lit in this part of the house, but dark doorways led off on either side. For a moment, Sybil fancied she was creeping past the open maws of slumbering beasts.

"That's what I get for bedding an artist," she muttered. "More imagination than a body needs."

She could hear the sound of music one floor above. In the ballroom, the string quartet would be competing with the low rumble of myriad conversations, clinking crystal and the swish of silk.There was the grand foyer ahead, with the porter leaning indolently against the wall. She quickened her pace.

A footman was coming down the grand staircase, moving quietly as a cat, his gaze focused on the porter.

He doesn't want to be seen, Sybil thought, wondering if the man was making off with a pair of Lord Hartwell's diamond studs. She squinted at him. There was something vaguely familiar about him.

He's wearing Somerville livery, but he's not Edward or Charles, Sybil realized suddenly. Even though all footmen tended to look alike, surely she'd have remembered that handsome face and broad-shouldered frame.

The floor creaked under her step and his gaze shot to her. A smile lit the man's face like a sunrise.

"Jane!" He abandoned stealth and bounded down the rest of the stairs in a couple of leaps. "Janie, me love, I know ye enjoyed wearing that borrowed finery, but believe me, ye shine everyone else down in your own sweet things. I knew ye'd see reason, lass."

Suddenly Sybil was in the large man's embrace. His lips covered hers in a deep kiss. She put up a token struggle, but his kiss was far from unpleasant, so she decided to relax and enjoy it.

He'll have to come up for air sometime.

When he did, she ran her tongue over her bottom lip and said, "Well, that was interesting, but I think you should know I'm not Jane."

"What are you two doing here?" the porter demanded, leaving his post to close the distance between them. "If you're not in service, get you back to the kitchen. No, no. We can't have you wandering the halls. Take the back way."'

The porter pulled open a low-slung door along the side of the staircase to reveal a dim, narrow route disappearing beneath it. "And don't let me catch you in the public areas again or I'll toss you both into the snow myself."

Sybil grasped the handsome footman's hand and pulled him into the small space after her. Once, when she was ten, she had managed to sneak out of the most boring piano recital in human history and discovered the door beneath these main stairs. She'd spent the entire evening wandering the secret places of Hartwell House and no one was ever the wiser.

"This might be just the thing for finding your Jane without being seen," she whispered.

The door closed behind them, casting them into dimness, broken only by thin shafts of light knifing through the cracks in hidden doors.

"Then you must be Lady Sybil."

"Brilliant deduction," she said as she moved down the narrow space. "Never let it be said Somerville doesn't hire the brightest and best. Come. There's a dumbwaiter hidden in the library. We can use it to get up to the ballroom level."

A man's voice carried through the thick library door, his tone angry and growling. Eddleton couldn't make out all the words, but he suspected some of them were foreign. Pity he hadn't paid more attention while he was on his Grand Tour. Once he had picked up the best way to invite himself into a lady's boudoir, his interest in other languages waned.

"Someone's coming," he whispered, pulling back and adjusting his small clothes.

"But we're not done yet, Bert," Lady Darvish complained. "Leastways I'm not."

The crystal doorknob jiggled and began to turn.

"Quick! Through there." Eddleton picked Lady Darvish up, clamping a hand over her mouth, and scuttled toward the curtained alcove where French doors led out onto a terrace. The last thing he needed was to be caught in flagrante delicto with the Black Widow of Wembley Street on the night he plighted his troth to Sybil Somerville.

Just as he yanked the draperies closed, a man and woman stormed into the room. Eddleton peeked through a slit in the curtain.

And recognized the red gown. His nearly betrothed, b'Gad! With another man. Why, he ought-

Lady Darvish squirmed in his arms and grabbed one of his hands. After she slid it into the top of her bodice, she settled and gave him a wink and a shrug.

Eddleton sighed and began toying with her tight little nipple. Anything to keep the woman quiet...

"Well?" the man demanded. His ensemble was cut in fashion of the first stare, Eddleton noted. But he wore the fine clothing carelessly, with none of the English stiffness, as though the trappings of success were nothing.

"Well, what?" Sybil demanded with a quaver in her voice. "You're the one who dragged me in here. What do you want?"

"Wait." In the hidden passage, Ian set his feet and pulled the real Lady Sybil up short. "I hear Jane. On the other side of this wall."

Sybil scrunched down and peered through the narrow slit around the hidden servants' door. A slice of the library and its occupants came into sharp focus.

"No wonder servants always know everything that goes on in a great house," she muttered. Then she blinked hard. "That's my Giovanni. He's only a poor painter. Where did he get those clothes?"

Ian braced himself behind her to peek through the same slit at a higher level. "A resourceful man will use whatever he must to get close to the woman he loves." He frowned. "But that's not the woman he loves. That's my Janie."

"Are you not surprised to see me like this?" Giovanni spread his arms and did a slow turn. "Allow me to introduce myself to you properly." He executed a sweeping bow with careless elegance. "I am Giovanni Baptiste Salvatore Brunello, Count of Montferrat. I posed as a starving artist in your country so I could find a woman who would love me for myself, not my station."

Sybil gasped. Jane only stared at him in puzzlement.

"And I thought I had found her, but now I know that money is all you care for, crudele."

"No-" Sybil began, but Ian clamped a hand over her mouth to keep her quiet.

"If I have caused you pain, milord, I'm truly sorry, but I really must go," Jane said, two frown marks drawing her brows toward each other. "I'm determined to accept a proposal of marriage from Viscount Eddleton during the last waltz and nothing you can say will make me change my mind."

"Stubborn as a rock," Ian muttered.

Sybil dug her elbow into his ribs. "Have a care what you say," she whispered furiously. "That's my sister you're talking about."

"Words, they will not move you?" Giovanni closed the distance between him and Jane with the grace of a great cat. "Then I shall not speak."

He crushed Jane to his chest and kissed her.

"No way in bloody hell," Ian shouted and gave the secret door a kick that knocked the portal off its hidden hinges.

Chapter Twelve

"Ian!" Jane couldn't decide if she was relieved to see him or upset that he was about to destroy her disguise. She still had a promise to keep.

"What is wrong with this cursed country?"' Giovanni bellowed. "Can I not make love to the woman I intend to wed without the walls erupting with peeping-Thomases?"

"That's no' the woman you intend to wed." Ian stepped between Jane and the Italian count, a fist drawn back at the ready. "She's mine."'

"I should say not!" The draperies parted at the far end of the room and Viscount Eddleton stalked out. "Lady Sybil is promised to me. Her father and I have all but shaken hands upon the matter. I tell you, Lord Somerville shall hear of this!"

The library door flew open and a tall, white-haired gent strode in.

"Someone has been taking my name in vain." Lord Somerville's frosty manner thawed when he looked at Jane. "My apologies, Sybil dear. I so wished to escort you to the ball this evening, but once you hear my news, you'll agree my time has been well spent."

Lord Somerville's gaze darted from Viscount Eddleton to Ian, to the Italian, and then back to Jane. This time, his brows tented in a puzzled frown.

"The porter told me I'd find you in Lord Hartwell's library with a gentleman. Apparently, he miscounted how many gentlemen by a goodly number." He lifted a silver brow and the chill returned to his tone as he eyed the viscount. "Was that you, Eddleton, bandying my name about?"

"Lord Somerville." Eddleton bowed stiffly. "I'm gratified you're here to see for yourself what a shameless wanton your daughter is-consorting with foreigners and common footmen! It would have pained me deeply to bring the matter to your attention. I fear this means I must insist upon an alteration of our arrangement. I shall require additional incentives to take her as my bride."

Lord Somerville's lip curled. "You miserable little worm. As if I'd give you a farthing for the privilege of marrying my daughter. That arrangement you speak of was drawn up by Humphrey Roskin, the man who bilked my estate of thousands of pounds. And now I have proof of it. I finally tracked down the funds and recovered them. Mr. Roskin is even now boarding ship for the penal colony of Australia-and lucky to get away that lightly. Consider our agreement null and void."

Lord Somerville turned back to Jane and his features softened. "My dear, you needn't marry anyone against your wishes." He took both of Jane's hands in his. "Can you forgive an old fool for trying to barter your happiness?"

"But I'm not-"

"In that case," Giovanni interrupted with a courtly bow to Lord Somerville and an evil glare at Ian, "may I present myself? You have known me aforetimes as Giovanni Brunello, artistic genius. You shall know me hereafter as the Count of Montferrat."

He bowed and bussed his lips over Jane's fingertips. She restrained Ian with a frantic look. He limited himself to the Scottish version of a growl-a low "Hmph!"

"I have reason to hope the lady will find happiness with me," the count said, tossing Jane a wink. "Please consider me a suitor for your daughter's hand, signore."

"Well spoken, Giovanni." Sybil's voice came from the darkened space behind the wall. She stepped into the light of the room, hands fisted at her waist. "But you're asking for the wrong daughter."

"Cara mia?"

She nodded and the count lost no time in scooping her into a twirling hug, their laughter filling the library. Giovanni swept Sybil into a deep kiss, oblivious to the open-mouthed stares from the others. Then he lifted her in his arms and carried her out of the library. Sybil peered over his shoulder and mouthed "Good-bye" to her father and Jane.

"I suppose that settles the matter of my consent," Lord Somerville said with a chuckle. He turned back to face his other daughter. "Then you must be... Jane."

"Yes, milord."

"Ah, my dear, I think the time for formality between us is past, I held you at a distance because of my sins, not yours. It is time I rectified matters."

He squeezed her hands. Jane's vision blurred. How many times had she dreamt of this?

"Nearly losing everything has made me consider carefully those things which remain to me," Lord Somerville said. "I let my wife keep me from showing kindness to you. Even after she was gone, guilt kept me from doing the right thing. Now, nothing will stop me."

Jane swallowed hard.

"I cannot legitimize you. The law does not permit it. But I can acknowledge you as mine." Lord Somerville leaned down and kissed her cheek. "Will you allow me to treat you as a daughter in my house?"

The power of speech deserted her and she could only nod.

From the corner of her eye, Jane noticed a shadow pass over Ian's face and he took a step back.

"But what about me?" Viscount Eddleton demanded.

"Oh, you'll think of something, Bert." A feminine voice came from behind the curtained alcove and a slight lady in an eye-straining yellow gown joined them. "Your choice is obvious. You've enough cat in you to land on your feet, I think."

The viscount gritted his teeth and then knelt stiffly before the woman. "Lady Darvish, will you do me the honor of becoming my wife?"

Her laughter tinkled merrily. "Of course not, Bert. Leastways not until you show more promise. But I'm not without hope. I believe you can be trained. You and I will put our... heads together and think of another way you might settle your debts. Come now, dear boy. You look ridiculous on your knees." She motioned for him to stand and then whispered, "But you might try that position again once you get me home."

She grasped Eddleton's arm and led him out the door.

"Now then, Jane," Lord Somerville said. "That waltz won't last forever. Will you dance with your father?"

She glanced at Ian, but he was studying the inlaid wood at his feet. If he were going to speak for her, now was the time. When he didn't do anything, something inside her wilted. Heartsick, she placed her palm on Lord Somerville's offered arm and let him lead her from the room and up the stairs.

They were only steps from the ballroom when she heard footfalls pounding behind them. Her chest constricted.

"Lord Somerville," Ian said. "I wish to tender my resignation as your head groom."

"This is hardly the appropriate time." Somerville narrowed his eyes, taking Ian's measure. "Besides, it appears to me you're a footman, not a groom."

"Aye, milord, appearances are deceiving this night. But this is no deception. Ye see, I wish to be a bridegroom." Ian dropped to one knee. "Janie, I cannot give ye silks and a life of ease as Lord Somerville can, but I've been offered the post of Man-of-All-Work on a Wiltshire estate. The pay is well enough and the position comes with a wee cottage-"

"And you think to tempt me with a wee country cottage?" she asked.

"No, lass," he said with a sad smile as he stood. "I hoped to tempt ye with me heart. I love ye, Jane Tate. And all that I am is all I have to offer."

"Oh, Ian!" She threw her arms around his neck, hugging him fiercely. "That's all I'll ever need."

His lips found hers and she lost herself in the wonder of his mouth.

Until Lord Somerville cleared his throat.

"I believe we've missed the waltz," her father said. "My fault. We've missed too many things over the years, you and I. But perhaps you'll allow me to give the two of you the grandest wedding a head groom and a scullery maid have ever had, as a belated Christmas present?"

"Oh!" Jane's hand went involuntarily to her heart.

"I'll see you wed like a lady, my dear," Lord Somerville promised. "Perhaps you'll save a waltz for an old man next Christmas. But for now, might I recommend the two of you find some mistletoe?"

His hazel eyes crinkled with amusement as he inclined in a slight bow and headed toward the crowded ballroom.

Ian and Jane ran to the window where they'd found mistletoe earlier. Moonlight fractured the frosty panes into thousands of diamonds. Winter howled outside, but Jane was too warmed by Ian's love to feel the least chill. Ian bent to her and she stood on tiptoe to meet his lips.

"His lordship was wrong about one thing," Ian breathed into her ear when he finally released her mouth.

"What's that?"

"He can't see ye wed like a lady, because you're already a lady." Ian pressed a kiss to her forehead. "My lady. My Lady Below Stairs."

The End

