To William Moggridge (1943-2012), who designed the first clamshell laptop computer and saved writers (specifically me) from being forever chained to a desk.

One

I'm in Paris.

Melanie Shaw stared at the fa?ade of Notre Dame as the deep-throated bells counted down the hour. Ten o'clock in the morning. Instead of mucking out stalls or riding the fence line at her daddy's ranch outside of Dallas, Texas, she was standing in front of frickin' Notre Dame. Amazing.

Her plane had landed two hours ago, and she still couldn't believe she had both feet planted in Paris, France. Only one thing could have made this moment better-if her friends Val and Astrid could be here with her.

They'd become friends and sorority sisters in college, and five years after graduating, they were tighter than ever. A few months ago all the planets had been aligned for this trip. They'd found a killer plane fare and had spontaneously booked it. Then Val had been unlucky enough to get caught in a mob scene when a fire had broken out during a concert. She'd suffered a broken arm and two broken ribs. Although those had healed, she avoided crowds and wouldn't be traveling anytime soon.

Melanie had adjusted to the idea of having Val stay home. Astrid was a great traveling companion and they'd still have fun, even without Val. Then, a couple of weeks ago, one of Astrid's clients developed a problem with a pregnant mare. With the mare's life on the line, Astrid had reluctantly canceled her trip, too.

Melanie had almost given up once her friends had bailed. The hotel they'd booked was way too expensive for her to handle alone, so she'd cancelled that reservation. But she'd held on to her airline ticket because she couldn't bear to think of not going. An online search had yielded a cheaper hotel, although it was also far from the main attractions.

Her boyfriend Jeff had said she was crazy to consider traveling alone, but he wasn't about to go with her to someplace where he didn't speak the language. His provincial attitude had pounded the nail in the coffin, and she'd ended their relationship. It had been on the skids, anyway.

Now that she was actually here, though, she'd better get busy and take some pictures with her phone. She'd left her suitcase with the hotel desk clerk because she couldn't check in until noon, but she had her backpack with all her sightseeing essentials crammed inside. Shrugging it off, she unzipped a side pocket and reached for her phone.

Without warning, the backpack was ripped from her hands. At the same moment, someone else shoved her from behind, knocking her to the ground with such force that the breath left her lungs.

"Hey!" A deep male voice from behind her issued a challenge.

She raised her head in time to glimpse a dark-haired man in jeans and a brown leather jacket dash after the thieves. Then folks who were obviously worried about her hurried over and blocked her view. An older gentleman helped her to her feet while two women clucked over her in what sounded like German.

She wasn't hurt except for a couple of scrapes on the heels of both hands, but if the guy in the leather jacket didn't catch the thieves, she was in deep shit. Her backpack held almost everything of value-her phone, both credit cards, and two hundred dollars' worth of euros. Her passport, thank God, was tucked in a pouch under her shirt, but thinking that she might have lost everything else made her sick to her stomach.

Members of the German tour group patted her shoulder as she stood up and dusted off her clothes. They offered words of comfort she couldn't understand but appreciated anyway. She made the effort to smile her thanks as she scanned the crowd for signs of a tall, broad-shouldered man wearing a brown leather jacket. He'd looked athletic, so maybe he'd be able to tackle the guys who took her backpack.

On the other hand, she didn't want some stranger risking his safety for her. At least two people had been involved in the mugging, which meant the guy was outnumbered even if he should catch them. She crossed the fingers of both hands and waited, heart pounding from a delayed adrenaline rush.

At last she saw him coming toward her. His eyes were hidden by sunglasses, but his angry strides and the tight set of his mouth told her all she needed to know. Her hopes crumbled. The backpack was gone.

Despair engulfed her, but she was determined to thank him properly for trying. She hoped he spoke English. All she'd heard was his shout of hey, which might be one of those universal expressions used by everyone. She hadn't traveled enough to know if it was or not.

When he was about ten feet away, he shook his head. "I'm sorry, ma'am. They got clean away from me."

She gasped at the familiar accent. "Oh my God! You're from Texas." Hearing a voice from home made her want to hug him. She restrained herself, but the world brightened considerably.

"Yes, ma'am." He drew closer. "Are you all right?" He took off his sunglasses and gazed at her with eyes the color of bluebonnets.

"I'm fine." She wondered if he'd taken off his sunglasses on purpose, knowing that would help. Seeing the concern in his gaze, she didn't feel quite so alone. "Thank you for chasing them. That was brave of you."

He shrugged. "Not really. Anyone could see they were yellow-bellied cowards if they'd attack a woman. Speaking of that, they knocked you down. Are you sure you didn't get scraped up?"

"Just a little." She showed him her hands.

"Let's take a look." Tucking his sunglasses inside his jacket, he grasped her wrists and examined the heels of her hands. "Damn it. You should put something on that."

His touch felt nice. His big hands were gentle, and she found that sexy. Although it would be totally inappropriate, she wished he'd kiss her scrapes and make them all better. "I have Neosporin in my suitcase back at the hotel." At least she'd have a place to stay. She'd given them her credit card number. That card was gone, but she hoped to get a replacement before she checked out.

"Are you traveling with someone? I can call them." He reached inside his jacket and pulled out a phone.

She shook her head. "I came by myself."

"Then let's start with the police. Did you get a look at those old boys?"

"Not really."

"Never mind. I did." He punched in a number and spoke in French.

Melanie listened with great admiration. He no longer sounded like a Texan as he carried on a conversation in French without stumbling. Prior to this trip she'd enrolled in an online course and had learned enough to find a bathroom and order a meal. But this guy was fluent, which was her good luck.

If she was super lucky, he had an international plan and she'd be able to borrow his phone to call Val, who could help her straighten things out with the credit card companies. Maybe it was cheeky to ask, but she was in desperate circumstances.

Although he was dressed casually, his jacket looked expensive and his watch might even be a real Rolex. Judging from his ease with the language, he could be a businessman who traveled to Paris regularly. If so, he wouldn't mind loaning her his phone for two minutes.

He disconnected the call and tucked the phone inside his jacket. "They're sending someone over, so we need to stay put." He gestured toward a stone bench a few feet away. "Let's sit a spell." He was once again her guy from Texas.

"Sounds good." She wouldn't mind sitting down. She felt a little shaky. "I'm afraid I've ruined your plans for this morning."

"No, ma'am, you certainly haven't." He waited until she sat down before joining her on the bench. "You're the one with ruined plans. When did you get here?"

"This morning."

He swore softly under his breath. "I figured that might be the situation when I saw you eyeballing Notre Dame as if you'd never seen it before."

"I hadn't, except in pictures." Then she realized the significance of his statement. He'd noticed her before the mugging. "Did I stick out that much?"

He smiled. "Let's just say I pegged you as an American."

"How?" She liked the way he'd managed to smile without appearing to patronize her. And he had a great smile, one that made the corners of his eyes crinkle just enough to add character. As the shock of being mugged wore off, she registered the fact that her rescuer was drop-dead gorgeous.

"White gym shoes, for one thing. French women don't usually wear gym shoes unless they're working up a sweat. But the whole getup-the jeans, the hoodie, the backpack-told me you were from the States, probably a new arrival."

She grimaced. "I'll bet the muggers figured that out, too."

"They might have." He held out his hand. "I'm Drew Eldridge, by the way."

Eldridge. She'd heard that name, and she thought it might have been from Astrid, whose family was rich. Did that mean her Texan was wearing a real Rolex? His handshake was warm, firm, and giving her goose bumps. She was really sorry when the handshake was over. "I'm Melanie Shaw."

"Pleased to meet you, Miss Melanie. I wish it had been under different circumstances."

"Me, too." If he was related to the Eldridge family Astrid knew, Melanie wouldn't have been likely to meet him under any circumstances, unless she was with Astrid, who moved in those circles. "Are you from Dallas?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Then you might know a friend of mine, Astrid Lindberg."

"Astrid Lindberg?" He chuckled. "I haven't seen her in a coon's age. We were at the same equestrian camp one summer, although she was with the younger kids. Some old horse tried to run off with her and I was handy. I was worried she'd swear off riding, but she didn't."

"She sure didn't." Melanie noticed that although Drew had come to Astrid's rescue, he downplayed his role by saying he was handy. "She's a large-animal vet now."

"Is she? That's great."

"So are you here on business?" Melanie imagined multinational deals involving millions. From what she could recall, the Eldridge family was loaded.

"Some business. Some pleasure."

"Ah." So the multinational deal-making was followed by glittering parties and sophisticated French women who never wore gym shoes with their regular clothes. Yet he'd interrupted all that to help a stranger from home. "Listen, I really appreciate all you've done. I'm sure I've screwed up your morning and you're too polite to say so."

"Nope. It's a sunny day and I'd decided to-" A soft chime interrupted whatever he'd been about to say. "Excuse me." Taking out his phone, he glanced at the readout. "I should take this." He stood and walked a few feet away.

Hanging out with such a good-looking guy was a heady experience that kept her adrenaline pumping, so she was relieved to have a few moments alone to gather her thoughts. If not for her friendship with Astrid, she might have been intimidated by someone like Drew Eldridge. As it was, she was simply grateful. And a little turned on, which served as a great antidote to worrying about losing her stuff.

Having Drew show up was a stroke of luck. Someone with his wealth would have an international calling plan. If she didn't pay him back until she got home, he probably wouldn't care. Once he was off the phone, she would ask to make a call. Val had a key to her apartment and could retrieve her credit card information.

The police arrived right after Drew ended his call, so she didn't have a chance to borrow the phone. Thank God Drew was there to guide her through the process, though. After the officers left, she glanced up at him. "Do you think they'll recover my backpack?"

"There's always a chance."

"But not a very good one, right?"

"I won't lie to you, Melanie. They may find your backpack, although I figure it's in a dumpster by now. But the contents ..." He shrugged. "Not likely."

"Speaking of those contents, could I please borrow your phone to call my friend Valerie back home? She can access my credit card info so I can cancel my cards."

"Yes, ma'am, you sure can. Tell you what. I'll give you a lift back to your hotel so you can doctor those hands. You can call your friend on the way there."

"You have a car?"

"I do."

Silly of her to think he'd be on foot, like she was. "You know, that's a lovely offer, but my hotel isn't very far away." That wasn't quite true. She'd walked at least ten blocks to get here. "I'll just borrow your phone for a minute. I've taken up too much of your valuable time already."

"Sorry, but my mama raised me better than that. You've suffered a shock, and I intend to see you safely back to your hotel."

Oh, wow. He not only looked like a god, he knew the right things to say to make a girl melt into a puddle. She'd be a fool to resist a display of gentlemanly manners by a heroic figure like Drew, especially when she'd just been mugged by two guys from the shallow end of the gene pool. "Thank you. That would be wonderful. Where are you parked?"

"In a garage." He pulled out his phone, punched a speed-dial number, and said something in French. Then he tucked the phone away again. "Henri's on his way."

"Henri?"

"My driver."

"Oh." Of course he'd have a driver on call. She'd have to remember all the details of this adventure to tell Astrid and Val over drinks next week. "Are you here for long?"

"Two weeks. How about you?"

"Five days."

"That's all? Five days will go by like lightning."

"I know, but this was supposed to be a girls' trip with my two friends, and that's all the time we felt we could manage for now."

"And they didn't come after all."

"No."

He studied her. "I admire your gumption, Melanie Shaw."

She basked in the warmth of that gaze. She even imagined that she saw interest there, but she didn't know him well enough to tell for sure. He might give everyone that same warm glance.

In truth, she did feel proud of herself, even if she had managed to get her backpack stolen within two hours of landing. "Thank you."

"And there's Henri." Drew gestured toward a black Mercedes sedan that had pulled up to the curb. Immediately a uniformed driver hopped out and opened the back door.

"Where was he, around the corner?"

"More or less. Hop in."

She slid onto the soft leather and wondered if Henri had ever chauffeured a woman wearing white gym shoes. Probably not. She buckled her seat belt.

Drew climbed in beside her and Henri closed the door. Inside the car, Melanie became more aware of the scent of Drew's aftershave. She didn't recognize the spicy aroma, but then again, she didn't hang out with rich guys. Plus he might have bought it here.

Drew glanced at her. "Where to?"

She gave him the name of the hotel.

"Never heard of it, but Henri probably knows." He leaned forward and spoke to his driver in French. The chauffeur nodded, and Drew settled back against the seat. "He'll get us there." Reaching inside his jacket, he took out his phone and handed it to her before buckling his seat belt.

"Thank you." She dialed Val's cell and got her voice mail. Damn it. She didn't want to leave a message that would worry Val. So she left a cheery greeting saying that she'd arrived and was having a great time. Then she disconnected and sighed.

"Not available?"

"Unfortunately not."

"I'll be happy to go online and look up the number for the credit card company if you want to go that route. They should be able to wire you some money to tide you over, too."

"Oh." She blinked. "Right. I'll need money until the new card gets here. I must be jet-lagged, because I didn't think of going online for the number. If you'll look it up, that would be awesome."

The Mercedes drew alongside the curb in front of her hotel and Drew peered out the window. "Is this the place?"

"Yes. If you wouldn't mind getting that number for me, I'll make the call and then you can be on your way."

He glanced over at her. "Melanie, you can't stay here."

"It'll be fine. I gave them my credit card number earlier, and although that card will be cancelled, I can probably get a new one by the time I check out."

"I wasn't thinking about that. I don't like the looks of this place." He studied the hotel again before turning his blue gaze on her. "You need to stay somewhere else."

Her chin lifted. "This is what I can afford. Besides, I don't have a new credit card yet, so I can't book a different hotel. I have to stay here."

"Have you inspected the room?"

"No, but it doesn't matter. I can deal with whatever. It won't be the first lumpy mattress I've slept on."

"What about bedbugs?"

"You think they have bedbugs?" Those grossed her out. For some reason she hadn't anticipated bedbugs in the City of Light.

"I wouldn't be surprised."

"If they do, I'll demand a different room. As I said, this place fits my budget."

"I understand that, but there's a better solution."

"Like what?"

"My townhouse."

She stared at him, blindsided by the suggestion. "But ... I thought you were in a hotel."

"Nope. I have a house here with several bedrooms, and you're welcome to one of them."

Her pulse kicked up. "My goodness, that's way too much of a favor." And she wondered if he wanted something in return. Thinking of what that might be made her pulse race even faster.

"Not the way I see it. You need a room and I have one available." He met her gaze. "And to clarify, this is not an indecent proposal."

Dear God, could he read her mind? Heat rose in her cheeks. "I know it's not."

"Do you? Because you were looking sort of wary."

"I didn't mean to." She had to get a grip. This was a guy who didn't have to drag women in off the street. She was flattering herself if she thought he was interested in her. "I just don't think it's right for me to accept your generous hospitality."

"It's not all that generous. The rooms are sitting there empty. Maybe you'll use a little water and electricity, but that's it. No big deal."

She glanced over at the hotel with its peeling paint and dirty windows. She shouldn't accept his offer, but damn, she wanted to. He might be a stranger, but he didn't feel like one. First chance she got, though, she'd call Astrid and confirm what Melanie felt in her gut, that Drew could be trusted.

Growing up on a ranch with salt-of-the-earth parents, Melanie had been taught not to take advantage of people, but she'd also been told never to look a gift horse in the mouth. This was a gift horse if she'd ever seen one.

She took a deep breath. "All right. And thank you."

Two

"You're more than welcome." The tension eased from Drew's shoulders. He couldn't leave her here, but he couldn't exactly kidnap her to keep her out of that fleabag hotel, either.

She had no idea how vulnerable she looked with her big gray eyes and freckle-faced innocence. In her red hoodie, with any makeup worn off during the flight, she seemed like a teenager, even though he guessed her age to be mid-twenties. No wonder the bastards had targeted her. He had the urge to wrap her in his arms, stroke her glossy brown hair, and protect her from every danger, both real and imagined.

But any woman who'd climbed on a plane by herself for her first trip to Paris wouldn't appreciate an overprotective attitude. He'd keep that in mind. Somehow he had to watch out for her in a way that wouldn't get her back up.

"I'll fetch my suitcase." She reached for the door handle.

"Might as well let Henri get it." He deliberately made it sound like a casual suggestion.

"But I can do it. Oh, wait." She looked over her shoulder at him. "My claim check was in my backpack."

"Then why not let Henri handle it? He's good at these things."

She opened her mouth to argue, and then closed it again. "Okay."

Drew leaned forward and spoke to his chauffeur in French. He hoped Melanie didn't understand the language well enough to know that he'd told Henri to bribe the desk clerk if there was any question about the missing claim check. Because Melanie had yet to utter a word in French, Drew thought he was safe on that score.

The chauffeur exited the car and headed toward the hotel lobby with the brisk stride of a man who would not be denied. Drew smiled. Henri lived for this kind of drama.

"He probably will have better luck than I would." Melanie watched Henri walk into the hotel. "He looks very official."

"Don't think he doesn't realize that. He plays it to the hilt." He pulled out his cell. "What's your credit card company?" When she gave him the name, he looked up the international contact number and keyed it in before handing her the phone.

"Thank you." She settled back in her seat and put the phone to her ear. Moments into the conversation, her body visibly relaxed and her tone was no longer anxious.

He enjoyed watching the transformation and was glad he could be part of putting her dream vacation back on track. From that first glimpse of her in front of Notre Dame, he'd instinctively known how much this trip meant to her. Unlike most of the women in his circle, she'd had to scrimp and save to get over here. He'd never had to scrimp in his life, and he was fascinated by how much that raised the stakes for her.

Her resilience in the face of potential disaster impressed him, too. She had character, and he responded to that almost as much as he responded to her curvy figure and full pink mouth. He wanted her, but he'd meant what he'd said. Inviting her to his townhouse wasn't a proposition.

Still holding the phone, she glanced over at him. "I don't know the address," she said to the representative, "but I have someone here who can give it to you." She gave Drew the phone. "They need an address for shipping the new credit card."

"You bet." He provided the necessary information and handed the phone back so she could complete the call, which didn't take long.

After disconnecting, she returned the phone. "Thank you. They're wiring money to a Western union office near your townhouse." She sighed happily. "I feel so much better."

"Good."

"So where is your townhouse? I don't recognize street names yet."

"It's on the ?le de la Cite, about three blocks from Notre Dame."

Her eyes widened. "Wow. Prime real estate."

"I like being in the heart of the city." He'd paid a ridiculous amount of money for the place, but he was buying a piece of history, and that usually cost more.

"So you weren't far from home when you saw me this morning."

"No. I had tickets for the Louvre, so I'd decided to walk down there for the exercise and get my fine art fix."

"The Louvre." Her expression grew dreamy. "I can hardly wait to see it."

"Maybe we could go later. I-" His phone chimed again. "Excuse me." He checked the readout. Not critical. They could leave a voice mail.

"I'm sure you're busy."

"Everyone's busy these days." Especially him. As the only son of Stephen Eldridge, he'd felt obligated to succeed, and in a big way, too. He hadn't wanted to ride on his father's coattails. At thirty-two, he was a billionaire in his own right. He'd gotten there by taking risks, and, for the most part, they'd paid off handsomely. But wealth without social responsibility was, in his estimation, immoral. So he'd devoted himself to several causes.

The one currently in the works was especially dear to his heart-aid to orphans in war-torn areas of the world. Although he'd been born with a silver spoon in his mouth, he well knew many children hadn't been so lucky. So he was working on organizing a dinner featuring many A-list performers, which would bring in a hefty amount if all the stars arrived.

But Drew had learned that working with famous people meant dealing with a few flakes. His staff could put the event together, but only his personal attention would get the famous faces he needed to actually show up.

Yet he was glad to do it ... most of the time. This morning, though, he longed to give his attention to a certain tourist from Dallas. He hadn't been a superhero and successfully recovered her backpack, but he had the resources to make up for her crummy introduction to the city, and he intended to use them.

After listening to his voice mail, he texted a reply. By that time, Henri was back with Melanie's plain black rolling bag. Her presence in his townhouse was closer to becoming a reality, and that stirred his blood.

He liked the fact that she'd resisted his invitation to stay there. Despite knowing that he was a member of the wealthy Eldridge family and that he'd met her friend Astrid, she hadn't leaped at the opportunity to stay under his roof. He'd known several women who, given similar circumstances, would have moved heaven and earth for such an invitation.

A man in his position couldn't afford to be naive. Gold diggers were real, and they circled him constantly. Melanie, however, didn't seem to give a damn. She might even consider it a point of honor not to care whether he was King Midas or not.

With a loud thump that jiggled the car, Henri loaded the suitcase in the trunk.

Drew looked over at Melanie. "What do you have in there, rocks?"

She laughed. "Almost as bad. Books. I've been collecting books on Paris ever since my friends and I scheduled the trip. I brought them all. When I packed, I had to sacrifice clothes for books, so I don't have a lot with me." She stuck out her foot. "These are my only shoes."

"They're practical."

"Yes, but as you pointed out, they label me. I don't look French."

"Do you want to?" He thought she looked perfectly fine as she was.

She seemed to consider that. "I guess not."

He liked that answer. In his mind, people should be who they were, instead of pretending to be someone they weren't.

Henri climbed into the driver's seat. "C'est bien?"

Belatedly, Drew remembered her scraped hands. "Do you want the Neosporin out of your suitcase before we take off?"

"That's okay. My hands don't sting anymore. I can get it later."

"Then we're off." Drew nodded to his driver. As the car pulled away from the curb, he blew out a breath. Mission accomplished. He'd succeeded in scooping up his lady fair and carrying her out of harm's way. Of course, part of him realized that Melanie would have probably spent her nights at that hotel without encountering a problem. But Drew wasn't dealing in logic right now.

His need to get her away from that depressing hotel with its peeling paint and cracked cement steps had been a visceral thing not to be explained. She was alone in the city, and he'd appointed himself as her watchdog. He had the urge to surround her with a fence labeled KEEP OFF. An electrified fence would be even better.

"What's your townhouse like?"

He turned toward her. "Old."

Her forehead wrinkled. "How old?"

"Old enough that the first residents used chamber pots. I have a collection of them."

"Oh! Is that what you use?"

How refreshing that she'd come right out and asked. "No. The place has all the modern conveniences now. The last owner even installed an elevator, but I like taking the stairs."

"And walking to the Louvre. That's why you almost caught those muggers."

"I would have, too, except for a busload of kids. They piled out right in front of me and I had to put on the brakes or I'd have run them down. By the time I worked my way through them, the muggers had disappeared."

"I wouldn't have wanted you to run over any little children to get my backpack." She'd leaned her head against the seat.

"I wouldn't have."

"No." She covered a yawn with her hand. "You're a nice guy." Her eyelids drifted down.

"Mm." Some of his business associates might not agree with her. If he'd caught the muggers, they wouldn't have thought so, either.

The steady sound of her breathing told him she was asleep. He could hardly blame her. She'd been on a plane all night long, and then she'd been assaulted. The good news was that she must feel safe with him or she never would have dropped off so easily. Apparently she trusted him.

And she had every reason to. He had no intention of taking advantage of this situation. But he had to admit she was damned appealing. And sexy in a subtle way that really got to him. He'd felt a connection from the moment he'd seen her standing in front of Notre Dame. And it wasn't just because she was Texan. What he really noticed was that her face had reflected the same awe that had struck him when he'd first seen the cathedral twenty-five years ago.

From a distance, he'd sensed a kindred spirit. When he'd drawn closer, he'd been captured by a primitive tug of sexuality. Her snug jeans and red hoodie outlined the body of a flesh-and-blood Venus de Milo. Just as he'd decided to strike up a conversation, she'd been attacked.

He hated that, but considering how much closer it had brought the two of them, he couldn't hate it too much. He would have spared her the trauma if he could have, but now ... well, he'd have to see how things turned out.

Henri drove more sedately than usual, as if he didn't want to jostle his sleeping passenger. Consequently she was still sleeping when the Mercedes stopped in front of Drew's townhouse.

Speaking in a low voice, Drew instructed Henri to open Melanie's door before getting the suitcase out of the trunk. The click of the door opening didn't rouse her. When Drew walked around the car and crouched down to shake her awake, she murmured something he couldn't understand and sleepily wrapped her arms around his neck. Apparently he'd be carrying her inside.

If he hadn't felt like the great protector before, this maneuver would have done the trick. As he lifted her into his arms, he breathed in peppermint and wondered if she had a roll of them in her sweatshirt pocket. But under that scent he detected a sweet, womanly aroma that sent an urgent signal to his groin.

Cradling her soft body with one arm under her shoulders and the other behind her knees, he started up the walkway. She sighed and snuggled closer. Dear God, he was getting an erection. Not cool. Fortunately her cute little fanny covered his crotch, but that was part of the problem. Every step caused more friction between her bottom and his cock.

Henri had beaten him to the door with the suitcase. He opened it and stood back so Drew could turn sideways and ease through the doorway without bumping either Melanie's head or her feet. Once inside, he glanced at the staircase. Not happening. Not three flights.

Smiling, Henri walked over to the elevator and pushed the button. Drew stepped inside and vowed he wouldn't make fun of the contraption ever again. Initially he'd scoffed at the idea of an elevator for a three-story building, but then he'd never imagined hauling a sleeping woman up those stairs, either.

Moving with the silent grace of a cat burglar, Henri entered the elevator behind him and brought the suitcase along, too. Drew decided that Henri needed a raise. The driver had the rare quality of anticipating correctly what his employer needed.

The gilded elevator was beautiful but slow. Considering the circumstances, Drew appreciated the easy ascent. Now that they'd made it this far, he'd like to deposit Melanie on a bed without waking her. She'd probably be embarrassed as hell to find herself in his arms. Besides that, if she insisted on getting down, his arousal wouldn't be a secret anymore.

When they left the elevator, Henri turned to Drew. "Bleu?" he said softly.

"Oui." Drew had decided on the way up to put Melanie in the Blue Room. Other than his own bedroom, he liked the Blue Room the best. The other two on this floor were nice-one in shades of gold and the other decorated in green-but the blue was prettier.

In the five years he'd owned this place, he'd mostly entertained business associates here. Whenever he'd given them a choice, they'd picked the Blue Room. He'd brought one girlfriend here, thinking she'd enjoy Paris. He'd been wrong and she'd been miserable.

He couldn't understand why anybody wouldn't love this ancient city, with its centuries-old buildings and the Seine winding past all that historic architecture. Sure, the native language wasn't English, but he liked the sound of French in his ears. Of course, it helped that he'd learned to speak it so easily at school. Maybe he'd been Parisian in another life.

Henri opened the door to the Blue Room and stepped back.

Drew glanced down to check whether Melanie was still asleep. Yep, out like a light. He edged through the doorway with the same care he'd used getting into the house and the elevator. Bonking her head at this stage would be criminal.

The Blue Room was at the front of the house with a view to the street, whereas his was at the back with a view of a small formal garden and courtyard below. That put Melanie all the way down the hall from him. The bulge in his jeans told him that was a very good idea.

The canopy bed held center stage and was draped with blue brocade trimmed with gold fringe and tassels. Matching curtains hung at the window. The antique furniture-an armoire, a writing desk, and an upholstered chair-could have come straight from Versailles. It hadn't, but it had been purchased from an estate nearby.

Drew leaned over and laid Melanie on the brocade bedspread. Her eyelids didn't even flicker. She was down for the count.

He stayed by her bedside, his back to Henri, and willed his erection to subside. He didn't dare look at her lush mouth or he'd be tempted to kiss her, like some prince in a fairy tale. Except the kiss he had in mind didn't belong in a kid's storybook.

When he imagined kissing Melanie, it wasn't some chaste brush of lips. Tongues would be involved, and heavy breathing, and unfastening of clothing, and ... this wasn't helping his condition at all. Taking a deep breath, he glanced across the room at a painting of fruit and flowers.

Technically, a still life created by some artist he couldn't remember should calm him. Instead he pictured Melanie opening her petals to him, and himself as the banana in the fruit bowl.

Behind him, Henri unzipped Melanie's suitcase and began quietly putting her clothes in the armoire. The slide of drawers was the loudest sound in the room, but it wasn't enough to wake the sleeping beauty. Drew couldn't stand beside the bed too much longer without looking like an idiot. He decided to take off her shoes. Nobody should sleep in their shoes.

She'd double-knotted them, and he struggled with the laces. That was good, though, because concentrating on her shoelaces took his mind off sex, and he was in much better shape by the time he eased one shoe from her foot. As he fiddled with the second shoe, she woke up.

She wasn't slow about it, either. She sat straight up and glared at him. "What are you doing?"

He almost laughed, because her angry question was in sharp contrast to the gentle cuddle she'd given him while she was asleep. He stepped away from the bed. "I was taking off your shoes so you could be more comfortable."

She frowned and surveyed her surroundings. "Oh. Now I remember." Her gaze softened. "I didn't mean to be rude. I forgot where I was."

"You fell asleep in the car, so I carried you up here."

"You did?" Her cheeks turned pink. "That's embarrassing."

"You were exhausted."

"Yeah. Guess so. Still. I feel bad for conking out on you. I must have been heavy."

"No."

"Did you climb the stairs?"

He smiled. "Elevator."

"That's good."

Henri cleared his throat. "C'est tout?"

Drew glanced over his shoulder. "Yes, that's all for now, Henri. Merci."

Henri nodded and left.

"This is nice." Melanie glanced around the room. "Very nice. Thank you."

"There's a bathroom through that door." Drew gestured toward it. "I'll leave you alone so you can get some rest." He hesitated. "Or are you hungry? I could have some food sent up."

"No, I'm not hungry. They fed us constantly on the plane."

"Then all you really need is sleep." He backed toward the door.

Her gaze found his, and she looked uncertain. "Where will you be?"

His heart squeezed. In her dazed condition, he'd become her lifeline, and she didn't want him to leave. "Just downstairs. I have an office on the first floor. It's not hard to find."

"Okay."

"If you need anything, come and find me."

"I will."

He forced himself to walk out of the room and close the door behind him. But he felt as if he should be in there, holding her while she fell asleep again. How crazy was that?

Three

After Drew left, Melanie eased off the bed and prowled around the room. What a room it was, too. She fingered the thick fabric draping the bed. Marie Antoinette would have been thrilled with something like this.

The floor was hardwood, and the blue-patterned carpets looked like vintage Aubusson. Once again, if she hadn't known Astrid, such things would have been lost on her. She should take a picture of this room to show her friends.

Then she remembered. She couldn't take a picture of anything because she didn't have a phone. She also hadn't called Astrid to get the lowdown on Drew. Besides that, she should notify someone back home that she was not at the hotel she'd booked. If she called Astrid, that would accomplish everything at once. Astrid could attest to Drew's character and also spread the word that Melanie's plans had changed.

Much as she longed to climb under the covers in that beautiful canopy bed, she couldn't do it until she'd borrowed Drew's phone and made that call. She smiled as she imagined Astrid's reaction to the news that she was in a historic townhouse within walking distance of Notre Dame, and the house belonged to none other than Drew Eldridge, who'd rescued her from a runaway horse.

But no matter how lovely the accommodations were, Melanie didn't intend to sponge off Drew for the next five days. Once she had a credit card, she'd move out of Drew's townhouse and then treat him to a nice meal as a gesture of gratitude.

Then she remembered her clothing situation. Drew's idea of a nice meal would undoubtedly involve dressing up, and she hadn't planned for that. She'd expected to explore Paris on her own, and elegant restaurants hadn't figured into her wardrobe choices.

Well, she'd figure out something else, then. But first she had to head back downstairs and borrow Drew's phone. He'd gone to the trouble of taking off one of her shoes, but she put it back on again and retied the laces of the other one.

Before leaving, she used her bathroom, which sparkled with gold-plated faucets, an enormous tub, and a sleek shower with a spotless glass door. The white towels looked like pure luxury. The designer had made room for both a toilet and a bidet.

Melanie had never seen a bidet, but she'd read about them. She knew the word was pronounced buh-day, and just saying it made her feel European and sort of sexy. After all, a bidet was designed for a quick wash of one's private parts, so it would come in very handy if one were having lots of sex. Not that she would be.

Nope. This girl had no use for a bidet. But she could sure use a shower. After she'd made her call she'd come back up here, take a hot shower, and crawl into that big canopy bed. All the guidebooks suggested staying up until nighttime to readjust your body clock, but she wasn't doing that. She'd had a rough morning.

The hallway was empty and silent. Maybe later she'd inspect the paintings hanging on the walls, but she was on a mission, so she started downstairs. The runner cushioning her steps glowed with red and gold threads, and the dark wood of the banister gleamed.

She slid her hand along it as she descended, and she wondered if kids had ever polished it with the seat of their pants. The house seemed too formal for children to play in, but if it had been here for centuries, they must have at some time.

Three flights down she finally heard noise, but most of it was coming up from a simple stairway that led to a basement level. She'd seen enough foreign movies to know that the servants probably stayed on the bottom floor, and they were the ones she could hear talking and laughing.

She paused in the foyer. Above her head a crystal chandelier glittered. To her left, double doors opened to what she would call a living room, but it might be known by a different name over here. She registered the contents as expensive, with vivid upholstery, polished wood, more art on the walls-no doubt originals-and a marble fireplace. But the room was empty, and Drew had said he'd be in his office, so she needed to find that.

The door to the next room down the hallway was open, and when she glanced in, she found Drew. He sat facing her, but all his attention was on the computer screen sitting on the dark wood desk. He'd taken off his jacket, and the top two buttons of his snowy long-sleeved shirt were undone, revealing the strong column of his throat. His dark hair was rumpled, as if he'd run his fingers through it several times.

His expression was intense as his fingers flew over the keys, and he wore a pair of dark-rimmed reading glasses. Seeing that small vulnerability, a lack of perfect eyesight, touched her heart. He was concentrating so hard that she hated to interrupt him.

But if she didn't, no telling how long he'd continue to work. He looked completely engrossed. As she stood in the doorway, she spoke his name softly, not wanting to startle him.

His head came up immediately and he blinked. "Oh, Melanie. Sorry, I didn't hear you."

"I was being quiet."

"Is something wrong?"

"Not at all. The room's beautiful and the bathroom's to die for. But I'd like to call home before I take a shower and conk out. Someone needs to know I'm not staying at the place I gave them the number for." She decided not to mention that she planned to call Astrid, in case he thought she was checking up on him, which she was. "Could I please borrow your phone again?"

"You bet. Come on in." Standing, he picked the phone up from where it lay next to his computer, but it chimed before he could hand it to her. "Hang on." He checked the readout. "That can wait. That old boy can leave a message."

"But I don't want to interfere with your-"

"You're not." He smiled and gave her the phone. "Sometimes it's better to leave 'em hangin' for a while."

The warmth of his smile took her breath away. It also took care of any weariness she'd been feeling. Earlier he'd mentioned plans to go to the Louvre, but he'd interrupted that when he'd come to her rescue. She wanted to go now, with him. He probably knew the place inside and out.

Then again, he might not be free to traipse off with her. Come to think of it, she'd bought a ticket in advance for the Louvre, and it was gone, along with everything else in her backpack. She didn't have money for a new ticket, even if she could get one.

But she was in Paris. Who took a nap when they could be exploring a city they'd wanted to visit forever? And how fabulous if they could have a guide who looked like Drew Eldridge?

He gazed at her. "You must really be looking forward to calling home."

"Why?"

"Your eyes got all sparkly just now."

"I wasn't thinking about that."

"Oh?"

She couldn't very well admit that he'd been responsible for a good part of that sparkle. "It just hit me. I'm in Paris. To heck with sleep. If my money's arrived at Western union , I'd love to go to the Louvre, although I'm not sure if I could get a ticket this late in the day. Even if the money's not there yet, I could walk along the Seine, and through the Tuileries Garden, and ..." Then she remembered that she'd interrupted his work. "But I don't expect you to go. You helped me this morning instead, so you probably have work to do this afternoon. I'll be fine on my own."

"I'm sure you would be fine and dandy."

And that statement was the biggest gift he could have given her. A lesser man would have reminded her that on her own she'd managed to get mugged. But the thing was, and this almost made her laugh, she had nothing left to lose. She wouldn't be a target because she wouldn't be carrying anything of value, except maybe a little bit of money if Western union came through.

He continued to study her. "Are you sure you wouldn't rather take a nice long nap?"

"I thought I would, but now I'm excited again. Sleeping in the car was probably like a power nap. Now I want to get out there and make the most of my time here. Besides, all the guidebooks tell you to stay up until bedtime to get over jet lag."

He nodded. "That's a fact. It helps if you can, but not everybody's built that way. How about lettin' me come along? I didn't get my art fix today."

"You can spare the time?"

"I won't promise not to take any phone calls, but if you can put up with that, I can spare the time."

"Then I'd love to have you come." She was secretly relieved that he'd invited himself along. Although she'd sounded brave and self-sufficient, her recent experience had made her a little nervous about setting off on her own. "But please know that I intend to pay my own way. If the money hasn't arrived, I'll gratefully accept a temporary loan, and I'll be reimbursing you the minute I get some money."

He started to say something, but stopped and cleared his throat. "All right."

She'd bet anything he'd wanted to tell her to forget paying him back. But he'd recognized that she had her pride and needed to stand on her own feet, financially. Swallowing his argument was the second biggest gift he could give her.

"Take the phone up to your room so y'all can have a private conversation. You can bring it back down after you've showered and changed."

She hesitated, torn between making off with his phone when he probably needed to have it, and thinking of the info she could share with Astrid if he was out of earshot. "All right. I won't be long." Turning, she hurried down the hall.

"Take the elevator," he called after her.

"I like the stairs," she hollered back. Then she wondered if hollering was appropriate in a house with museum-quality furnishings and live-in servants. Oh, well. She was a gym-shoe-wearing Texas girl, not a sophisticated French woman. So far, Drew hadn't seemed to mind.

The minute she got to her bedroom, she closed the door. Then she dialed Astrid's number and walked over to the window that looked out on a quaint residential street lined with buildings much like this one. Window boxes filled with flowers brightened the view, and a man wearing a beret rode past on a bicycle. Yes, she had to get out there. Paris was waiting.

Astrid answered on the third ring, but she sounded suspicious. That's when Melanie remembered that the readout would seem really strange to Astrid, like a voice from the past, maybe, because this was Drew's phone, not hers.

"Astrid, it's me! I'm in Paris but I lost my phone, so I'm borrowing Drew Eldridge's."

Astrid was silent for a beat. "Are we talking about Drew Eldridge, of the Dallas Eldridge family?"

"I hope so, because that's what he told me. He said you two were at camp together and he stopped your runaway horse. Did he?"

"Oh my God. Yes, he did, but how in hell did you hook up with him in Paris, of all places?"

"It's a long story, but I'm fine. Everything's fine."

"Why wouldn't it be?" Panic edged Astrid's voice. "Why are you reassuring me? Did something happen?"

"I was mugged."

"Oh my God! Oh, Melanie, no."

"But Drew came to my rescue." Melanie explained what had happened. "So I'm staying in his townhouse, at least until I get my new credit card, but if you have any reservations about me doing that, then-"

"Absolutely not. He's terrific. At least he was when I knew him, and from what I hear from my parents, he continues to do good deeds. He's big into charity events."

"I'm not surprised, after the way he's insisted on helping me out." She didn't like to think of herself as a charity, though, so she'd have to move on when she had the means to do so.

"He's a good guy. I hate that this happened, but it sounds like you came out in pretty good shape."

"I did. His townhouse is amazing. I wish I had my phone so I could send you pictures."

"What about him? He was pretty cute as a teenager, but I haven't seen him since then. Is he handsome? So-so? The Hunchback of Notre Dame?"

Melanie laughed. "He's gorgeous. Tall, dark hair, and the bluest eyes. When he's on his computer, he wears these dark-framed glasses that make him look all serious and scholarly."

"Well, now. Sounds as if you have a crush going on."

"Nah. It's like drooling over movie stars. We're from different worlds."

"I'm not so sure about that. You and I are friends, and I'm from that world."

"That's different. We were sorority pledges together. We went through Hell Week. I've seen you at your worst."

Astrid laughed. "That's the truth."

"Drew's just being nice. He saw a fellow Texan in need."

"Maybe, but you still don't know that he's not interested in you. Why are you writing him off as a lost cause?"

"Astrid, you haven't seen him, or this place. My daddy is a cowboy, and my mama is a cowgirl, and my two brothers are both cowboys. We all know I'll end up with a cowboy eventually. You might end up with a billionaire because you move in those circles, but I'll be perfectly happy with some broad-shouldered rancher."

"You haven't been happy with one so far."

"Jeff's a bad example."

"Before Jeff was Pete, and before that was Jeremy. I know you think a cowboy's in your future, but I question that."

"I just haven't found the right one."

"If you say so, toots. Like you said, you're there and I'm not. But it sounds like a great setup for a romantic interlude."

"Uh, no. But you're welcome to your fantasies." Melanie glanced at an ornate clock on the bedside table. "I need to get going. He's offered to take me to see the sights this afternoon."

"Uh-huh. Like I said, don't discount the possibility that he likes you."

"Okay, I won't." The thought that Drew might think of her as something more than a goodwill project sent squiggles of excitement through her stomach.

"Have fun."

"I will. I'm in Paris!" She disconnected, set the phone on the nightstand, and started stripping down for her shower. But as she stepped into the elegant bathroom, reality intruded.

She might have stumbled into this fantasy world where Drew lived, but it was only a tiny blip in her life. When it came to men, Astrid might feel comfortable with guys like Drew. But Melanie had more in common with a cowboy of modest means, someone like her father.

Drew was kind, as evidenced by his interest in charitable causes. He might even want to think of her as a charitable cause, but she wouldn't allow him to. Maybe she couldn't pay him for the water and electricity she used while she was here, because she had no way of tracking what she owed. But whenever a receipt was involved, she would grab it and keep a running total. He'd never miss the amount if she didn't reimburse him, but she'd never taken advantage of a generous person, and she didn't intend to start now.

Four

Drew usually had an exceptional ability to focus. That ability had been recognized early by his tutors and had played a huge part in his financial success. But knowing that Melanie would be coming downstairs shortly so they could spend the afternoon together had blown his fabled concentration all to hell.

He could explain his fascination with her, but that didn't mean he could eliminate it. She was so unusual to him because she clearly had no interest in cashing in on his wealth. She didn't view him as a human ATM ready to spew cash and grant her every wish.

Instead she had the habit, both endearing and maddening, of wanting to balance the scales. He didn't want to balance them. She was adorable, and he longed to shower her with anything she desired. Ironically, she didn't desire a single thing from him.

If she'd had the resources, she would have left by now. Once her new credit card arrived, she would be able to leave. He didn't want that, either.

It was a frustrating scenario. Any hotel in her price range would be inferior to having her stay here for the rest of her visit to Paris. She'd have to sacrifice location to get a reasonable rate, which would make it impossible for her to see the sights she'd come to Paris to enjoy. If she insisted on moving into a hotel, he'd want to check it out and see if it was decent. She might not let him. He was used to being in the power position, and with her he wasn't.

But his lack of control over her living quarters wasn't the only thing that had him pacing the floor of his office. As he'd told her, he admired her gumption. And that admiration was firing up his already hot physical reaction to her.

But he didn't know what to do about that, either. God knows he didn't want her to think that because he'd offered her a place to stay he expected sex in return. Some men in his position might work that angle and feel justified in doing it, but he recoiled at the idea.

So what was he supposed to do about his attraction to her? Any move on his part might be misinterpreted. He didn't think she'd humor him out of gratitude, but the possibility was there and it made him wince.

This was why his friends had always told him to stick with women who had money, either because they'd made it or inherited it. That would even the playing field, they'd said. But he'd reached a financial pinnacle that few women had gained, and many of those who had were old enough to be his mother or his grandmother.

And frankly, the women he'd dated who were "acceptable" lacked the very quality he cherished in Melanie-a sense of wonder. When you had the resources to see and do whatever you wanted, keeping that sense of awe was a challenge many people failed to meet. Personally, he worked at it, which was one of the reasons he'd bought a place in Paris.

The city had a host of awe-inspiring aspects, beginning with Notre Dame. The Louvre gave him regular doses of awe. A sculpture by Michelangelo could do it in a few seconds. Then there was the view from the top of the Eiffel Tower, and a lazy boat ride down the Seine at night. The wonders of this city didn't work for everyone, but they worked for him.

In Melanie he saw a woman who might understand his yearning to be awed, someone who wouldn't think his love of Paris was corny or cliched. But he didn't know how to get close to her without scaring her away. For the first time in a long while, he feared that he might be rejected.

So he did the caretaking things that wouldn't be suspect. First he contacted the museum. Although he already had a ticket, no more were left for that day, but a sizable pledge from him produced one for Melanie.

Next he ordered some sandwiches to take with them, because whether she'd admit it or not, she had to be hungry. His cook tucked a couple of bottles of Perrier in the wicker hamper. Drew had considered wine and decided against it. Wine might put her to sleep, and she planned to stay awake until bedtime.

The wicker basket was delivered to his office, and when Melanie came downstairs wearing a fresh pair of jeans, a yellow T-shirt, and a navy hoodie, he stared at her as if she'd arrived in satin and pearls. He took off his glasses, which he only used for reading, so he could get a better look.

She'd pulled her hair back into a ponytail and put on makeup, but her freckles still showed. He was used to porcelain-skinned women, and he was entranced by those freckles. He wanted to count them and then kiss each one.

God, she was so refreshingly real. He could look at her for hours. But if he didn't come up with something to say pretty soon, she'd conclude he was dim-witted. "I called ahead to the museum and reserved a ticket for you. Didn't want to take a chance they'd be out when we got there."

"Thanks. Good thinking. Would you mind if we stopped by Western union first?"

"We can do that." He understood her preoccupation with getting cash. In her shoes, he would have felt the same way.

"No rush, though. Keep working if you need to. I can wait."

"No need. I'm done." He used the chore of shutting down his computer to get his bearings. More than anything he desperately wanted to kiss her, and he had no idea how she'd react to that. Before he kissed a woman, he liked to have some guesstimate of how that would be received. With Melanie he hadn't a clue.

"Is that a picnic basket for us?"

"Yep. We'll eat it in the car. You said you weren't hungry, but you will be."

"I'm hungry now. But why will we eat it in the car instead of on a bench somewhere? Aren't we going to walk to the Louvre?" She looked as if she'd be fine with that.

"We could, but then you might not have as much energy for the museum. You'll want to see as much as you can before you get tuckered out. It's a big place."

"Good point. And we can eat on the way. It's hard to eat and walk, at least for me."

"For me, too." He smiled at her because she made him want to. That was worth a lot all by itself.

Henri picked them up and took them to Western union , where cash was indeed waiting for Melanie. Her elation touched him. Being penniless had obviously been eating at her more than he'd realized.

The trip to the Louvre was an adventure during which Melanie tried to eat and keep track of everything they passed at the same time. He repeated We'll come back more times than he could count, but Melanie was an in-the-moment kind of girl who wanted to absorb everything that was in her field of vision.

Drew couldn't help thinking of all he'd have missed if she hadn't been mugged. If the thieves hadn't come along, he would have exchanged a few words with her in front of Notre Dame. He might have given her his card. But she wouldn't have contacted him. She would have been off to see the city without him because she wouldn't have wanted to impose. Those bastards, scum that they were, had done him a favor.

Henri dropped them off, and Drew glanced at his watch. Melanie was a trouper, but he'd be surprised if she made it much longer than three hours, all things considered. Whatever time they spent here would be special for him, though, because he'd be seeing the wonders within these walls with someone who had never been here. Her enthusiasm would carry them along on a wave of discovery ... and awe.

She didn't start to droop until well past the four-hour mark. He was impressed. Despite all the walking they'd done, she remained cheerful, even as she reluctantly admitted being tired. As they left the museum, she raved about what she'd seen.

He drank in her excitement and wondered how in hell he was going to show her Paris the way he longed to, by pulling out all the stops. He wanted to arrange a special tour of the Louvre so she could stand in front of the Mona Lisa all by herself instead of having to peer over the heads of other visitors. He wanted to stage a private tour of the Eiffel Tower followed by an after-hours dinner in their restaurant. He wanted to take her on a moonlit boat ride along the Seine in a luxury yacht, and walk with her through the soaring arches of Notre Dame before the cathedral opened to the public.

He'd drop a bundle doing that, but he didn't care. Showing his favorite places to someone who would see them the same way he did would be worth it. Maybe he could make her understand that and she'd stop using her mental calculator every blessed second. It was worth a try.

As they walked away from the Louvre, he suggested they stop at a sidewalk cafe for some wine and cheese before calling Henri to pick them up. As he'd expected, she was enchanted by the idea of doing something so Parisian. So far, so good.

He chose a place right out of a postcard, with round metal tables and the distinctive tan wicker chairs that were so common in the cafes around town. There was a slight nip in the air, but her hoodie should keep her warm enough for them to stay outside. That was, after all, the way to best enjoy the experience.

After they were seated he picked up the wine menu. Because it was hard to get bad wine in Paris, he suggested a medium-priced bottle, and she seemed relieved.

They talked some more about the Louvre and the thrill of gazing at original sculptures and paintings by world-famous artists. He asked how she spent her time back in Dallas and found out she worked on her daddy's ranch. She was a cowgirl. That made him smile, because a job like that fit her so perfectly. He'd never met a real cowgirl before, and he certainly never thought he'd fall for one, but now he realized that it explained a lot about what he liked about Melanie.

The wine arrived with a plate of assorted cheeses, and once the waiter had filled their glasses, he raised his in her direction. "To your first trip to Paris."

"I'll drink to that. And to you, for turning a bad beginning into something amazing." Smiling, she touched her glass to his. Then she leaned back in her chair and took a sip. "Wow, this is fabulous!"

"You better believe it. You're drinking French wine in Paris. It always tastes better here."

"I pictured doing this, having some wine and cheese at a sidewalk cafe while I watched the people go by."

"And here you are." Her pleasure was contagious. He'd sat in similar cafes many times, but he couldn't remember ever feeling this much gratitude for the experience.

"Yes, thanks to you. No telling what my situation would be right now if you hadn't shown up."

"But I did." He'd always believed in making his own luck, but coming upon her this morning right when she needed him almost felt preordained. He took a swallow of wine and put down his glass. "Going to the Louvre with you today reminded me of the first time I went."

"So tell me, does it ever get old?"

"No, but ... today had a special shine because you were so excited, like a puppy at the beach."

She laughed at that. "I suppose I was."

"And that's a good thing." He leaned forward, needing to make her understand. "I've always loved the place, but I loved it even more today. You gave the experience added value."

Her cheeks turned rosy. "I'm glad. Now I feel better about imposing on you."

"You're not imposing." This could be an uphill slog. "Have you ever seen a movie, and then somebody comes along who's dying to see that same movie, so you see it again with them and it seems twice as good the second time around?"

"Sure! Their reaction makes it even better."

He sank back in his chair. "That's what I'm tryin' to tell you."

"That you liked the Louvre even more this afternoon? Yeah, I got that."

"But it would also be that way for all the special places in Paris."

"If you're asking to tag along while I play tourist for the next five days-well, four, really, then I'd be happy to have you do that, Drew. You're good company."

"Thank you, ma'am." He drank his wine while he considered that alternative. He tried to imagine standing in line for hours in front of the Eiffel Tower. He'd be with her, enjoying the sunny disposition that seemed to be hardwired into her psyche. It wouldn't be the worst thing in the world.

On the other hand, he'd earned the right to bypass long lines, and he was spoiled in that regard. Besides, she'd waste precious time doing that. If she agreed to his idea, she'd see more of Paris.

But after he'd proposed his plan, she would no longer be comfortable making him stand in line with her at any attraction. Tagging along while she played tourist would be permanently off the table once she understood how he preferred to see the sights. He ran the risk of widening the gulf between them.

Aw, hell. He'd made it to where he was by taking risks, so why stop now? "Melanie, I don't want to just tag along." He set down his empty wine glass and looked at her. "I want to drive the bus."

She gazed at him. "This is a metaphorical bus, right?"

"Exactly. Showing you Paris would be a real kick in the head, but I want to do it my way."

"And what would that be?"

At least she'd asked the question instead of giving him a flat no. He outlined some of his plans and watched her eyes. He saw eagerness and yearning there, but in the end, resignation eclipsed everything else.

"All that sounds lovely, and I won't pretend that I wouldn't enjoy being treated like a princess. Any woman would. I also understand why you wouldn't want to see Paris on a budget. You're beyond that. But I can't have you spending that kind of money to entertain me, and even if I could deal with that issue, I don't have the wardrobe for most of what you have in mind."

"The wardrobe problem can be fixed, Cinderella." He'd hoped that she'd laugh at that.

She did. "What, you have a fairy godmother living in your townhouse, Prince Charming?"

"No, I have one personal shopper. Give her your sizes, style preferences, and color choices, and she can fetch whatever you need right over to the townhouse. She does it for me all the time."

"I guarantee I can't afford the clothes, let alone the personal shopper."

"I know that. Because I'm asking a favor of you, I would cover the cost."

She blinked. "You're asking a favor of me? How do you figure that?"

"Let's go back to the movie analogy. Say this friend who was hankering to see the movie didn't have the money to go. Would you want to treat her?"

"Of course."

"What if she was too proud to let you buy the ticket?"

She gazed at him over the rim of her wineglass. "Nicely done. But your example involves me laying out what's basically lunch money. Whereas you-"

"Would be laying out lunch money."

She regarded him silently for several seconds. "I can't even get my mind around that."

"Then don't try. Let me show you Paris. Do me that favor."

"I need time to consider this. My brain isn't functioning very well right now. Lack of sleep is catching up with me."

"I'll bet." He signaled for the waiter and pulled out his phone. "I'll have Henri come get us." He quickly texted their location to his chauffeur.

"And please don't think I'm not grateful for your fabulous offer. But if I accept it, I'll be spoiled. Every visit to Paris, maybe every trip I take from now on, will seem lame in comparison."

"Maybe." If she agreed to his plan, he ran the risk of creating an experience for himself that also might never be equaled. And he was willing to take that risk.

"But if I don't do it, I'll always wonder what it would have been like."

He smiled. Her natural curiosity meant that his chances had just improved. "Tell you what. On the way home, give me some basic info for Josette so she can pick out a few things and bring them over in the morning. If your answer is no, then she can return it all and nobody loses money."

"Won't she charge you for the service?"

"I have her on retainer."

"Oh." She shook her head. "We live in completely different worlds."

He tossed some money on the table. "Not at the moment."

Five

Dictating her clothing sizes, including her bra size in case a dress needed a unique undergarment, was a more intimate discussion than Melanie had expected.

Drew recorded everything in a text message and sent it off to Josette. "That way she can start shopping tonight."

"I guess stores are open in the evenings here like they are back home, then."

"Some are, but she goes after they close."

"Of course she does. I should have known." Melanie felt the giggles coming on. They were partly due to exhaustion and partly due to wine, but mostly she found herself laughing at her unbelievable situation. This sort of thing didn't happen in real life, especially to a girl like her.

She'd grown up in a loving family, but her father's ranch had never provided them with more than the basics. She was raised doing chores and cleaning hay out of her hair, not learning to charm people at cocktail parties. She'd attended college on a scholarship and had come out with a liberal arts degree and the realization that working on her daddy's ranch pleased her more than any job she could imagine. She expected to marry a cowboy, and maybe they'd buy their own spread someday.

Drew Eldridge was about as far from that vision of her future as a person could get. But he was a very real part of her present as he sat beside her in the back seat of the Mercedes. He smelled good, too. Maybe it was the smell of money. That thought made her want to giggle all the more.

"What's so funny?"

"Everything. I go from losing all my possessions to the prospect of wearing designer outfits while I do up the city in style. At least I assume they'll be designer outfits?"

"Yes, ma'am. That's Josette's specialty."

"Knowing that a personal shopper named Josette is out there choosing Parisian fashions for little ol' me, a rootin', tootin' cowgirl, makes me laugh. Don't you think it's funny?" She turned to him, expecting a smile, a twinkle in those blue eyes as he shared the joke with her.

Instead he looked at her with such warmth that her heart started pounding. She'd assured Val that he wasn't interested, but he sure seemed interested now. She'd been around him enough to realize he didn't wear that expression all the time.

"I think you'll look great in those designer clothes," he said.

Or out of them? Maybe before she said yes or no to this new plan of his, she should clarify the details. But she couldn't do that now with Henri all ears in the driver's seat. She faced forward, but she could feel Drew's gaze on her. Oh, yes, he was sexually attracted to her, and apparently he didn't mind that she'd figured that out.

Her pulse was still out of control when they reached the townhouse. She'd been carrying on an inner debate the whole way. Neither of them had spoken again, which was fine with her, because she had to think, but she could feel the tension in the car.

Was she horrified by the thought that Drew would like to get cozy with her in addition to escorting her around town? No. He could be between girlfriends and she was handy. That wasn't so terrible. She was between boyfriends and he was handy.

She'd never been one for brief affairs, but then she'd never been to Paris, either. Or been rescued by a billionaire who wanted to temporarily spoil her rotten. He'd said that her fresh take on the city energized him, or words to that effect. It might have energized his sex drive, too.

Ever since meeting Drew, she'd thought of him the same way she thought of the marble statues in the Louvre-beautiful to look at, but not a part of her world. Sure, she'd realized that he was sexy. Any woman would realize that. So what? His sex appeal had nothing to do with her. But perhaps it did, at least during the next four days.

Henri dropped them off and drove away to park the car. When they came to the door, Drew reached around her and opened it for her.

"You don't need a key?" She walked into the foyer. Now that it was dusk, the crystal chandelier sparkled with light and turned the foyer into a magical space.

"Henri calls ahead and tells the housekeeper to open the door for me." He closed it behind him. "I have a key, though, in case I happen to be coming in late. No reason to get someone out of bed."

Bed. The word hung in the air, and she swallowed. "Could I talk to you for a minute?"

"Sure." He took off his jacket. "Let's go into the sittin' room. Are you hungry? I could have the cook fix us some food."

"Don't be silly. We just came from eating." She realized he must be nervous, too ... or have his mind on something else. She unzipped her hoodie but kept it on. "I'll be going off to bed soon." Yikes, there was that word again. She was jumpier than some virginal bride, and yet she'd had lovers-three, to be exact. They'd all been cowboys who could ride and rope as well as she could. Drew might be a billionaire, but once his clothes were off, he'd be no different from any other man.

Or so she tried to tell herself. Yet in her heart she suspected it wasn't true. Her other lovers had been strong and straightforward, making love like they did their cowboying. What would a billionaire like Drew be like in bed? He was used to being masterful and in control in the boardroom. Is that what he'd be like in the bedroom?

They went into the front parlor, a magnificent room with marble floors and a floor-to-ceiling fireplace with a coat of arms carved into the wall. She sat in a green silk wingback, and Drew took the sofa opposite her. He laid his jacket over the arm. Now that she was here in this formal setting and not tucked into the back seat of a car with him, she wondered if she'd imagined his sexual interest. If so, she was about to make a fool of herself.

Taking a deep breath, she gripped the upholstered arms of the chair. When she noticed that she was holding on for dear life, she relaxed her fingers. "I think we can agree that I'm not as worldly as you."

"I'm not so sure about that." He leaned forward and clasped his hands loosely between his knees. His blue gaze sought hers. "You knew plenty about the art in the Louvre."

"I'm educated, especially in the arts, but that's not the same as worldly."

"You're splittin' hairs."

"Drew, I'm talking about ..." She glanced at the open double doors and lowered her voice. "Sex."

He made a sound deep in his throat that could have been a groan or a laugh. He coughed into his fist and cleared his throat before looking at her. "You are?"

"Yes, and if I got the wrong impression from that moment in the car, I'll die of embarrassment."

"You didn't get the wrong impression, darlin'."

Her heartbeat thundered in her ears. She'd asked for this conversation, but she had no idea what to say next.

He focused those amazing blue eyes on her. "I think you're wonderful, in every way. Your zest for life is like a shot in the arm. That's why I want to give you the grand tour of Paris, because I know we'd have ourselves a terrific time. But I also find you tempting as all get-out, and I've struggled with that."

"You have? For how long?"

"Pretty much since I first saw you. Your expression when you were looking at Notre Dame was ... I don't know if I can explain it, but I had an instant gut reaction. There was a sensual look about you that I couldn't resist. I was determined to say hi."

"Is that attraction ... Is that why you invited me to stay with you?"

"No. At least I hope I'm not that much of a schemer. But from the moment those bastards grabbed your backpack and knocked you down, I've felt in charge of your welfare. The easiest way to make sure that you'll be safe is to keep you here."

"I do feel safe."

"You are." He paused. "And you're safe from me, too."

That was disappointing news. She was just getting used to the idea of having a wild and crazy affair with him. "Why?"

He laughed and shook his head. "You're something else. Only you would ask that." He cleared his throat again. "It's simple. I've offered you a place to stay and a top-drawer introduction to Paris. I'm doing it as much for me as for you, but you'll still feel indebted. After the few hours we've spent together, I'm positive about that."

"You're right. I do feel indebted."

He spread his hands, palms up. "There you go. What kind of man would make a woman feel beholden to him and then hit on her? I don't tolerate that kind of manipulation from others, and I sure as hell won't tolerate it in myself."

So he was claiming the moral high ground. She wasn't sure where that left her. Probably sleeping alone for the rest of her visit. She could protest that she wouldn't feel manipulated, but that was more forward than she was prepared to be at this point.

Plus she had her own issues. Throwing herself at a billionaire was tacky, even if the billionaire had admitted that she turned him on. She didn't want to put herself anywhere near the gold-digger category. Her daddy had raised her to be hardworking and honest, so it just wasn't her way.

"I'm glad we had this talk." She stood.

"So am I." He got up, too. "Because I have to tell you, I weakened when we were in the car. When you started getting giggly, I had a tough time not kissing you."

Zing. That comment certainly put a match to her fuse. "But you controlled yourself."

"Only because you wouldn't look at me. If you'd turned your head the slightest little bit, that would have been all she wrote."

She noticed that his drawl became more pronounced when his emotions were involved. Sometimes he didn't sound like a guy from Dallas, but other times, like now, he could have been the boy next door. She wondered if he'd deliberately tried to iron out the Texas from his speech.

He shoved his hands in the pockets of his jeans, and now he really looked like a Texan. "Now that we've talked about this, we'll both be aware of it. I swear that I can take you on all those excursions without forgettin' myself, so don't let that be a factor in your decision."

She debated saying what she was thinking, and finally decided that she might regret going upstairs and leaving it unsaid. "You haven't asked how I feel regarding this subject."

He sucked in a breath. "No, I haven't. That's not good." He hesitated. "How do you feel about this subject?"

"I'm not sure yet. Until I saw the way you looked at me in the car, I thought I was sort of like a homeless pet you'd adopted to keep me from roaming the streets alone and getting hurt."

"Melanie, I never-"

"Don't worry. You didn't give me that impression. That was all in my head. I tried to figure out why you were being so nice, and then I found out that you're into charity work, so everything made sense. You look out for those who can't look out for themselves."

"I do, but I don't put you in that category. I respect your resourcefulness and your optimism."

She smiled. "Drew, you've already told me that from the moment I was mugged you've felt in charge of my welfare. Which is it? Do you want to protect me or send me out to slay my own dragons?"

"Both!" He groaned and shoved his fingers through his hair. "Both," he said more quietly. "I never want to undermine your confidence. But if you need me ..."

The note of yearning in his voice touched her. Closing the gap between them, she stood on tiptoe and brushed her mouth against his.

"Thank you," she murmured.

Then she hurried out of the room, because the wine-rich taste of his mouth lingered on her lips, and she wanted more. Much more. She just didn't know what she'd be getting into if she took it.

***

Drew balled his hands into fists to keep from reaching for her. Then she ran out of the room, which was a good thing. He could control himself as long as she kept her distance, but he needed to warn her that light fairy kisses from a woman in a T-shirt and jeans could be more tempting than a blatant display of cl**vage, at least for him.

He was a veteran of what he called the Titty Wars. There was a certain kind of woman, and thank God Melanie wasn't of that tribe, who thought a man could be enslaved by generous br**sts, temptingly showcased in tight shirts or plunging necklines and pressed against his arm as often as possible.

Not one of those women would have honestly told him what they thought about anything, much less how they felt about hav**g s*x with him. He couldn't really blame them. They'd bought the cultural stereotype, which had been perpetuated mostly by men, if you got right down to it. Powerful men had often molded the behavior of women. Maybe that was another thing about Melanie that attracted him. She wouldn't be easily molded by anyone, least of all a guy like him.

His phone chimed and he glanced at the number. Josette. He took the call.

"Andre, mon ami, how are you on this lovely evening?" She had the husky voice of a lifelong smoker. And no matter how many times he'd coached her, she just couldn't-or wouldn't-pronounce his name the American way, so she just pretended he used the French version when he was in Paris.

"Great, Josette. Were you able to find anything for my friend?"

"Many things. Many lovely things. I could bring them over now, but if you're having a little tete-a-tete with your lady, I can wait until tomorrow."

"She's not really my lady, and she landed in Paris this morning. I'm sure by now she's fast asleep, so if you'd like to come by, that would be just fine."

"Then I'll do it. I'm so excited with the clothes. I want to show you."

"Good. I want to see them, too. Merci, Josette." He disconnected and closed down his computer. Then he clicked the intercom on his desk, which was connected to the servants' quarters downstairs. "Raoul, bring up a bottle of that Pinot Noir I had last night. Madame Theroux is due any minute and she'll want some. And a sliced baguette and warm brie, too."

"Right away, monsieur."

Drew enjoyed the French way of doing business, which was often over a glass of wine. Some of his oldest friends gave him a hard time for preferring wine to whiskey or beer. He came from cowboy country, and cowboys don't drink wine.

Josette must not have been far away when she'd called, because the doorbell rang before Raoul had brought up the wine. Drew left his office to greet Josette, a brunette in her sixties who'd probably worn five-inch heels every day of her life since she'd turned eighteen. Even if he hadn't needed a personal shopper, he would have pretended to so that he could have regular dealings with this feisty woman.

She was loaded down with garment bags and boxes from the best shops along the Champs-elysees. "Andre!" She handed everything to the maid who'd opened the door and came toward him, arms outstretched. Grabbing his head, she kissed him on both cheeks.

Laughing, he returned the favor and breathed in her signature Chanel No. 5, something she'd probably also been wearing since she'd turned eighteen.

"I have so many beautiful things for your lady friend, Andre." She beamed at him. "Is she from Dallas?"

"Yes, as a matter of fact, but she's not my-"

"How nice for you." Josette's brown eyes twinkled. "And you're going to show her the city, yes?"

"I hope so." He gestured toward the sitting room.

"Why wouldn't you?" Josette walked briskly into the room and sat on one end of the sofa. "Too busy?" She glanced at the maid who'd come in with all the packages. "Merci, Isabella." She patted the sofa. "Ici."

"I can make the time," Drew said. "But she feels uncomfortable accepting such extravagance."

Josette's eyebrows lifted. "C'est unique."

"Yeah. And I like that she's hesitant about spending my money. But it's frustrating, too, because I want her to experience the best the city has to offer."

"And Les Folies Bergere?"

"Yes! I hadn't thought of that, but what a brilliant idea. She should see that, too."

Raoul showed up with a tray and set it on the low table in front of the sofa. After pouring the wine, he left.

Josette smiled as she spread a piece of bread with the melted cheese. "Andre, you are turning into a Frenchman."

"I need to search my family tree." He picked up his wineglass. "I'll bet there's a French branch stuck on there somewhere."

"Mais, bien sur." Josette savored her bread and cheese and sipped her wine. Then she set down the glass and gazed at him. "This lady, she is special, non?"

Drew nodded. "She impresses me."

"Then I hope she likes what I found for her." Dusting off her hands, Josette reached for a long box and opened it. "Voila!" She shook out a black and red silk dress that shimmered in the lamplight.

Drew swallowed. If the sleeveless confection looked sexy lying there against the sofa cushions, he could imagine the dyn**ite effect once Melanie put it on. "Nice."

"And because the evenings are cool, I added this." She plunged her hand into a glossy black shopping bag and came out with an elegant cape in black satin.

"How about shoes?"

"Certainement, mon ami." She flipped open a shoe box to reveal black satin pumps.

Following that, Josette laid out her other purchases, but Drew couldn't stop staring at the red and black dress. He was determined to see Melanie wearing it, along with the do-me shoes and the short black cape. Her reluctance was merely a challenge, and he thrived on overcoming obstacles.

"C'est bon?"

"Yes. Tres bon. Thank you, Josette."

She stood. "Treat this one well, cheri."

"Excuse me?" Josette was always free with wardrobe advice, but she'd never said a word about his personal life.

"If she's worried about spending your money, I like her already."

"So do I." He escorted Josette to the door and they exchanged good-bye kisses. After he closed the door, he stood there thinking about Melanie tucked into the Blue Room upstairs. "So do I," he murmured.

Six

Melanie slept like a rock until three in the morning. Then she was awake. So very awake. And starving to death. Perhaps she shouldn't have gone to bed without eating something besides the two pieces of cheese she'd nibbled at the sidewalk cafe.

This international travel was more complicated than she'd expected. On the plane over she'd been pestered with food every five minutes. Now that she was here, she hadn't figured out when to eat.

She couldn't blame it on being secluded in Drew's townhouse. Even if she'd been staying in the hotel she'd chosen, she'd hesitate to venture out into a strange city at three in the morning in search of a meal. And that hotel certainly hadn't been set up for room service.

The house was totally silent, unless she counted the growling of her stomach. Although that seemed loud to her, she doubted it would wake Drew or the servants. She sat up in bed and turned on a bedside lamp.

Her Paris travel books were stacked neatly on the delicate writing desk. She'd never had anyone unpack for her, and she'd had to rearrange things in the drawers a little. But the idea that someone had taken care of that menial chore was a heady one. She could get used to that.

She'd better not, though, because in four days she'd be on a plane back to reality. In the meantime, she might as well admit that she'd decided to stay here instead of moving to a hotel. First of all she'd have to take time to choose one, and nothing would feel as secure or be located so perfectly.

And there was the possibility that she'd insult Drew if she rejected his hospitality. He'd also worry about her. Causing him any kind of distress would be a poor way to repay his generosity. She was touched that he was concerned about her.

The rest of his proposed program, though-creating the Paris trip of her wildest dreams-was still under consideration. Now that she'd had some sleep, she could think more clearly about it. His analogy about treating a friend to a movie made a good point, but she still couldn't equate that with four days of an all-expenses-paid luxury tour of Paris.

Maybe they could negotiate a compromise. She didn't need a private tour of the Louvre, and she'd see the Eiffel Tower on her own. But she'd accept his generous offer of a moonlit cruise of the Seine, because that was an experience to be shared with a friend. If they were on a private yacht it wouldn't matter what she wore, so her wardrobe wouldn't be an issue.

Good. She'd solved that thorny problem. And she was still starving. Sliding out of bed, she padded over and picked up several of her books. Maybe reading in bed would take her mind off her stomach.

It didn't. It seemed that travel books about Paris couldn't resist talking about the food every other paragraph. Fifteen minutes later, she couldn't concentrate on the page as hunger gnawed at her. She had at least three hours to go before she could reasonably expect the servants to be in the kitchen preparing breakfast.

But there was a kitchen somewhere on that basement level. Back in her college days, she'd lived in the sorority house with Val and Astrid, and they'd staged many raids on the kitchen in the middle of the night. They'd developed it into an art form. This was a French kitchen, but it couldn't be all that different.

Taking food without asking wasn't polite, but she had a stomachache from not eating. She couldn't imagine three more hours of torture while she waited for the sun to rise and the kitchen to open. Neither could she imagine waking someone and asking them to fix her a snack.

How ironic that she was in Paris, the gourmet capital of the world, and she'd never been hungrier. A careful trip to the kitchen seemed like the sensible course of action and the most considerate of the household. If Drew was prepared to spend hundreds of euros on her, he wouldn't begrudge her a little bread and cheese.

Putting down her book, she climbed out of bed. The pajamas she'd packed to wear on this trip were practical: cotton lounge pants and a roomy T-shirt. She hadn't bothered with slippers or a robe, because they'd only have taken up room in her suitcase.

But if she planned to roam around Drew's house in the middle of the night, she should probably put on a hoodie for modesty's sake. After doing that, she slowly opened her bedroom door and crept into the hallway. A few stairs creaked on her way down, but this was an old house. It must creak and groan all the time. No one would notice.

Motion-sensitive lights along the baseboards helped her find her way downstairs. In minutes she'd navigated her way to the servants' floor and located the kitchen. The hum of a refrigerator and the lingering fragrance of cooked food led her through an open door into a space dimly lit by a fluorescent light over the stove.

Once inside, she opened the refrigerator door. Finding a small wedge of cheese and a bottle of Perrier was easy. Searching out where the bread was stored posed more of a challenge, but at last she opened a metal box on the granite counter and hit pay dirt-one full loaf and half of a baguette. Taking the baguette, cheese, and Perrier, she left the kitchen.

***

Thoughts of Melanie had made Drew restless. Knowing she was right down the hall, he tossed and turned. Then a sound penetrated the thin veil of sleep. The stairs creaked.

At first he wondered if Melanie might be going down, but a second later he realized someone was coming up. Was it her? Had she gone down without him hearing and was now returning? Or was it an intruder?

He got out of bed, pulled on his briefs, and grabbed a robe out of the armoire. His security system was top-notch, but that didn't mean it couldn't be breached by a clever thief hoping to steal the Monet hanging in the hallway. And an intruder would be a threat to more than his art collection. Melanie was sleeping in a bedroom nearby.

Stepping silently into the hall, poised for action, he waited for whoever was climbing the stairs. They were breathing hard from the exertion. It could be Melanie, but why would she go downstairs in the middle of the night?

Belatedly he realized that if this was an intruder, he had no weapon but his fists. No baseball bat or tire iron. A vase, two centuries old and valued in the high six figures, sat on a table in the hall. He picked it up.

As a shadowy figure rose from the stairwell, he started forward, vase raised. Melanie screamed a split second after he recognized her. Something sailed past his head and thudded against the wall as she yelled again, this time sounding like a samurai warrior. She cocked her arm as if to throw something else at him.

"Melanie! It's me!" He set down the vase and backed up, palms facing her, heart racing. Jesus. She'd scared the hell out of him, and obviously he'd returned the favor.

"Drew?" Her voice shook and she lowered her arm.

"Yeah." He sucked in a breath.

"Oh, God." She clutched the banister. "I was hungry, but I didn't want to wake anybody."

Three floors below, footsteps pounded up the servants' stairway. It sounded like a minor stampede.

"Guess that didn't work out," she said.

"Monsieur Eldridge?" a man called from below. "Q'est-ce que c'est? Desirez-vous la police?"

"No, Henri, no police." Drew walked to the head of the stairs and peered over the banister at Henri, who stood below in his nightshirt. Henri also served as his houseman. "Mademoiselle had a scare. All's well."

"Ah. Bonne nuit." After some murmured conversations, Henri and the other servants retreated down the stairs and closed their bedroom doors.

"I feel terrible." Melanie climbed the remaining steps to stand before him. "Some guest I am, raiding the refrigerator and rousing the entire household."

"I should have guessed it was you, but all I could think was that someone had broken in, so I-"

"Rushed to defend the castle. That's so you."

It was true he seemed to go into protector mode whenever she was concerned. "Are you still hungry, or did I scare that idea straight out of your head?"

She hesitated, as if taking inventory. "Still hungry. My heart rate is almost back to normal, which means I can now hear my tummy growling. But I threw the wedge of cheese when I saw you coming, so no telling what shape it's in. Thank God you said something before I hit you with the Perrier."

"Or I bashed you with a priceless vase." Now that the crisis was over and nobody was hurt, he could see the funny side of it. "Let's get a little light on the situation." Stepping over to the wall, he hit a switch and glass sconces flickered to life. He loved those crazy things, which he'd found in Venice.

"Pretty!"

And so was she. No, not just pretty. Beautiful. His glance swept over glossy curls tousled from sleep, a freckled face still pink from embarrassment, and gray eyes that reflected the dancing light of the sconces. "Glad you like them." He couldn't stop gazing at her.

His attention drifted to her rosy mouth. Last time they'd been alone, she'd kissed him. He could still feel the softness of her lips as they'd brushed his, and he wanted that again.

Her loose pants, T-shirt, and hoodie shouldn't look sexy on her, but they did. Maybe it was her bare feet and pink toenails that aroused him so much, or his suspicion that she wore nothing under her shirt. That would explain why she'd added the hoodie, because the house wasn't cold enough to justify it.

But she'd left the sweatshirt unzipped. It hung open now, allowing him to see the slight tightening of the T-shirt where it stretched over what appeared to be her unbound br**sts. The house wasn't cold enough to make her n**ples pucker, either, but it looked like they had.

He looked into her eyes, and what he saw there sent heat surging through his veins. Lust settled heavily between his legs, and the knit briefs stretched as he grew hard. "Melanie, I ..."

"The first kiss was mine to give." She took a shaky breath. "The second one is up to you."

Stepping forward, he cupped her face in both hands. Her dark lashes fluttered down as he lowered his head. Easy, Eldridge. Easy. Reining in his passion, he slowly mapped the contours of her mouth with the tip of his tongue. His heartbeat thudded in his ears as he tasted, touched down, molded his mouth to hers.

Her tiny whimper loosened the bindings on his control. He delved deeper, thrusting with his tongue and sliding his fingers through her silken hair to grip the back of her head. The baguette and Perrier she'd been holding slipped to the floor and she wound her arms around his neck.

The more he invaded, the more she surrendered. This could only end one way. But she deserved a warning. Reluctantly ending the kiss, he looked into her passion-glazed eyes. "I'm taking you to bed."

"Oh, thank God."

That was all he needed. With a hoarse chuckle, he swept her up in his arms and carried her down the hall. She wanted him. In this erotic, pre-dawn darkness, all arguments against making love had vanished in the heat of their kiss. Holding her in his arms felt so right, as if he'd known her forever.

He laid her in the middle of his bed and climbed in beside her without turning on a light. The pale glow of the moon through the sheer curtains at his window seemed fitting to this magical moment. He didn't speak, and neither did she.

They didn't need words as they discarded clothing and greeted each new discovery with lips and tongue. He was used to taking the dominant role, but she'd have none of that. She was clearly the kind of cowgirl who wasn't hesitant about going after what she wanted. Once he was nak*d, she pushed him onto his back and explored him with such thoroughness that he clenched his jaw against the urge to come.

As if she sensed that he was losing control, she gave him one last intimate kiss on the head of his c*ck before turning onto her back and stretching out in silent invitation. That simple gesture drove him wild. The urge to ravage her was strong, but he curbed it.

Instead he mimicked her technique and took his time. With slow kisses and gentle laps of his tongue, he roamed at will until she began to pant and writhe beneath him. But when he nuzzled the dark curls between her thighs, eager to make her come, she finally spoke.

"No."

He lifted his head, surprised. "Why not? Don't you like-"

"Oh, yes." She gulped for air. "But I want ... all of you."

All of him. She wasn't in his bed purely for her own pleasure. She was here because she wanted that ultimate connection ... with him. She wanted to be as close as humanly possible. That told him something important about her, something he was very glad to know.

His c*ck seemed glad to hear it, too. By the time he'd slipped out of bed and located the box of condoms in his armoire, he was as rigid as a battering ram. That didn't mean he had to act like one, though.

When he returned to her, he leaned down and gave her a gentle kiss. "I'm mighty grateful for tonight."

Her smile was barely visible in the faint light from the moon, but that smile shimmered in her reply. "Me, too."

"I'm glad." He moved over her, his heart beating fast. He'd bedded many women, but he'd never had the feeling that this one act could change his life. The feeling scared him a little, but not enough to make him stop. Nothing short of an earthquake could stop him now.

Her entrance was slick and hot. He'd meant to ease in so she could gradually get used to him, but she lifted her h*ps and instinct took over. He shoved deep, locking them together. And there it was again-the sense that he'd remember this moment forever.

She sighed and wrapped her arms around him, as if welcoming him home after a long journey. He wanted to believe that this connection felt significant to her, too. But he wouldn't ask. Not now.

Bracing himself on his forearms, he leaned down and brushed his mouth over hers. "This is good."

Her warm breath tickled his mouth. "Extremely good."

"I could stay right here for a long time."

"So could I." She clenched her muscles, squeezing his cock.

"But not if you do that."

"You don't like it?"

"Oh, I like it just fine. But you're going to-" He gasped as she squeezed again. "You'll make me come."

"Don't you want to?"

"Eventually." He withdrew and pushed forward again. "But you're first on the agenda."

"Mm." She executed a little rotating motion with her hips. "Let's come together."

"The first time? I don't know if we can."

"Let's try."

"Okay." He began to pump slowly. God, that felt amazing, and he was seconds away. He fought the urge. "Talk to me. Tell me when you're close."

"Pretty close." She rose to meet his next thrust. "Oh." She quivered.

And then he didn't need her to tell him anything. He knew. They were in perfect sync. He bore down, stroking faster, finding the right angle that made her gasp and tighten around his cock. His orgasm hovered, ready to pounce. There. Right ... there.

She exploded. Her cries blended with his as he pounded into her quivering body and came ... and came ... in a rush of pleasure so intense he lost himself in the tumbling glory of it. Joyfully he abandoned his fate to the woman in his arms. To Melanie.

He'd been right. After this moment, his life would never be the same.

Seven

Melanie woke to the sound of bells. Disoriented, she sat up in a canopy bed draped in burgundy with gold trim. Drew's bed. A blush covered every inch of her nak*d body as she remembered ... all of it.

Maybe jet lag was affecting her perception, but she was pretty sure Drew was the best lover she'd ever had. Thinking about the pleasure they'd shared made her hot all over again. But she was glad he wasn't here to see her in the unforgiving glare of morning light, because she must look like a mess.

The bells of Notre Dame finished their majestic musical number and began counting the hour with a resonance that sent chills down her spine. She counted along with the bells, because there was no clock in sight. Eleven? She was wasting valuable time!

The rest of the household was awake, naturally. The aroma of cooked food drifted up from downstairs, and her stomach cramped. She'd been starving at three in the morning. She'd moved past that stage to unbearable hunger pangs.

No doubt Drew had instructed his staff to stay off the third floor so she could sleep. She appreciated that, for modesty's sake. She wouldn't have wanted anyone bringing up a tray and finding her nak*d in Drew's bed.

A polite guest would shower and dress before heading downstairs, but she wasn't sure she could wait that long to eat. Maybe that hunk of cheese she'd thrown at Drew was still lying in the hall and she could gnaw on that before taking a shower.

When she climbed out of bed to look for her clothes, she found them neatly folded on an upholstered chair, along with a quickly scrawled note.

Pull the cord by your bed in your room and someone will bring you food.

-Drew

She glanced beside Drew's bed and discovered a tasseled cord hanging there. How Old World. She'd seen such things in movies set in the early part of the twentieth century, but she would have expected Drew to install an intercom. Then again, he was the guy who preferred taking the stairs.

Apparently her room came equipped with the same old-fashioned way of summoning the help, and he was sensitive enough to know that she'd want food brought to her room instead of his. She slipped into her lounge pants and T-shirt.

Glancing at the bed, the scene of their mutual seduction, she smoothed the covers so it wouldn't look quite so much like hot sex had taken place there a few hours ago. She would have made the bed, but Drew probably didn't do that, and a made bed would look strange to whoever cleaned his room. Last of all she grabbed her hoodie and the note, which was another piece of incriminating evidence.

She opened the door warily and peered out. The hallway was empty. Scurrying down to her room, she dashed inside and closed the door. Safe.

Too bad she wasn't sophisticated enough to sashay out of Drew's bedroom without worrying about being seen. But she was a simple country girl who wasn't used to hav**g s*x with a man she'd known for less than twenty-four hours. The concept still boggled her mind, but the reality had been wonderful. She wasn't the least bit sorry, but she'd still rather not have the servants know.

Walking over to the tasseled cord she'd missed seeing earlier, she gave it a pull. Now that was decadence. She wondered what sort of breakfast they'd bring her, but in her current state, she didn't care. She headed for the shower.

She'd wrapped a towel around her wet hair and was drying off with a second one from the heated rack when she heard footsteps and smelled coffee. Hallelujah, her food had arrived! Wrapping herself in the white towel, she walked out of the bathroom and came face-to-face with Drew. "Oh! I didn't expect you to deliver it!"

"Hope you don't mind." He wore an open-necked dress shirt and jeans, the same yummy combination he'd had on the day before, complemented by the sexy aroma of his cologne.

"Of course not." Just like that, food lost its number one ranking. Melanie looked into his blue eyes and basked in the warmth of his smile. She couldn't help smiling back. He had that kind of effect on her. "Thank you."

"Actually, I came up to thank you ... for last night."

Her heart pounded faster. "The feeling's mutual."

"No regrets?"

"None."

He let out a breath. "Good. I was afraid ... well, never mind." His glance swept over her. "I'm gettin' out of here before I forget myself." His Texas drawl was more pronounced. "You look way too good to me, darlin'."

"I could say the same." She trembled as she imagined herself pressed against his lean body.

He groaned and backed toward the door. "I mean it. I'm gone. Eat some breakfast and get dressed. I have something downstairs in the sitting room that I want to show you." He went out the door and closed it.

As she listened to his footsteps retreating down the hall, she battled the urge to call him back. Her body throbbed in anticipation of something that wouldn't happen anytime soon. She wished he'd kissed her, at the very least. But that would have been a mistake if he hadn't wanted to start something, considering that she was one dropped towel away from being conveniently nak*d.

She reminded herself that the servants were up and about. In that charged moment when he'd stood close enough to touch, she'd forgotten anyone else was in the house, or in the world, for that matter. Whenever she looked into his eyes, her surroundings disappeared. He was one potent dude.

With an effort, she pushed away all thoughts of getting hot and sweaty with Drew Eldridge. She dressed quickly in a clean T-shirt and jeans, finger-combed her damp hair, and sat at the desk to eat. The meal was incredible-a gourmet version of eggs Benedict, a bowl of sliced fruit, warm croissants with butter and jam, and the best coffee she'd ever been privileged to drink.

She forced herself to slow down and savor it, even though she was extremely hungry and also curious about what Drew wanted to show her downstairs. Then she remembered that he'd asked for her clothing sizes while they'd ridden home in the car yesterday. Maybe the outfits had arrived.

Damned if she didn't feel like Cinderella. Her life on the ranch didn't require fancy clothes. She'd kept a couple of dresses she'd worn to parties in college, but now they just gathered dust in her closet.

But Prince Charming had asked her to the ball, or the equivalent of that. And she would be transformed, just like Cinderella, so she could attend in style. This fairy tale didn't feel wrong or bad, but it did seem weird. She couldn't equate anything that had happened to her in the past twenty-four hours with previous experience. Even the sex had been more dazzling than any she'd known.

Before the amazing sex, she'd planned to suggest a compromise that involved accepting some of Drew's plan without abandoning herself to the entire program. But as it always did, sex had changed everything. She didn't want to trundle off by herself and waste hours standing in line at the Eiffel Tower. She wanted to spend every available minute of her visit with Drew, either by his side as they enjoyed Paris or in his bed as they enjoyed each other.

She'd never in a million years expect this interlude to transfer to their lives in Dallas, but he was offering her paradise for the rest of her stay in Paris. Only a fool would say no to that. She wasn't worried anymore that he'd spoil her for normal life, either. She was living a dream, and when she flew home, she'd wake up.

After eating every last morsel on her tray, she found a blow-dryer in the bathroom and styled her hair. She suspected that the clothes she was about to try on would require more than a casual ponytail. She was both curious and eager to see what a Paris shopping guru had picked out for her.

Finally, she put on her running shoes, because she had nothing else. Then she made her bed, replaced her towels on the rack, and picked up the breakfast tray. Servants were probably supposed to do all that, but she hadn't been raised to leave chaos in her wake.

A middle-aged woman dressed in black slacks and a white blouse was polishing the banister on the second floor. She spoke only French, but she made it clear that she would take the tray from mademoiselle or know the reason why. Melanie relinquished the tray and followed the woman down the stairs.

The double doors to the formal parlor stood open, and sure enough, the elegant furniture was draped with a rainbow of colorful garments. Drew paced the room, his phone to his ear, but he turned when she came in and quickly ended the call.

His eyes were lit with excitement. "So? What do you think?"

She gazed at the beautiful clothes in colors she loved-red, purple, turquoise, and jade-outfits that would have been right at home in a Neiman Marcus trunk show. "It's overwhelming, Drew. I couldn't even wear all of these in the days I have left."

"I know." He didn't sound worried about it. "Just pick what you want for now. You can take the rest ho-"

"No." She cleared her throat. "I mean, no, thank you, I won't be taking anything home with me. I don't mean to sound ungracious, but I can't accept clothes I won't be wearing here. That's ..." She hesitated, not sure what she wanted to say.

"Opportunistic?"

She pointed a finger at him. "Exactly! I get that you want to show me the city your way. I understand you'll have fun in the process and that I'll need the right outfits. But scooping up this entire wardrobe and making off with it feels like I just won the jackpot in some televised game show. 'Melanie Shaw! Come on down!' I can't do it."

He studied her, a smile tugging at the corners of his sculpted mouth. "Does that mean you're ready to go along with my plan?"

"Yes." She wondered if he'd offered her the extra clothes on purpose, so that she'd reject that idea but accept the initial concept.

"Excellent." His expression was triumphant. "Take whatever you want, but I do hope you'll choose the red and black dress and the cape that goes with it."

She'd been drawn to it from the moment she'd walked into the room. The abstract swirls of red against the black made her think of passion, and passion made her think of Drew. "Where would I wear it?"

"At Les Folies Bergere," he said. "I have tickets for tonight."

Her gaze met his. She was intensely curious about the show, but she'd crossed it off her list once her friends had canceled. Going alone hadn't sounded like much fun. Seeing it with Drew, however, would be a total turn-on. "I'd love that," she said. "And I'll wear the dress."

***

They spent most of the afternoon at the Musee d'Orsay, because Melanie wanted a destination that allowed them to walk along the Seine both there and back. Once again, she was transfixed by the artwork, and she admitted that she'd done a little painting herself in college. Drew wasn't surprised to hear it. Her enthusiasm for her surroundings told him she had the soul of an artist.

While they toured the museum, he'd deliberately put a leash on his libido. Other than an occasional brush of hands or touch on the shoulder, he hadn't made physical contact with Melanie all afternoon. He ached to do that, but he wanted to give her space to appreciate the experience.

Still, memories of making love to her taunted him constantly. When she paused before a Renoir nude, he had to look away. Otherwise he might have given in to the urge to drag her somewhere private and kiss her until they were both senseless with lust.

The worst part was that he thought she'd be okay with the idea of him doing that. More than once he'd caught her looking at him with a sexy gleam in those big gray eyes of hers. But then the moment would pass, and her face would light up at the sight of painting by Monet or Van Gogh.

That's why they were here, so she could see those works, and he was determined she would get the most out of the visit. Her enthusiasm fueled his, and he found himself looking at the paintings more intently. Consequently he saw things that he'd missed before.

After they left the museum, they strolled past the colorful shops and cafes of the Left Bank. Drew offered his sunglasses to Melanie, and, typical for her, she refused them. He'd tried to buy her a pair earlier, but she'd insisted she could do without them for a few days.

A cloud drifted over the sun and Drew tucked his glasses inside his jacket. He couldn't help taking her arm as they crossed the street and headed toward Notre Dame. That kind of thing was bred into him. But he released her once they were safely across.

"And this is where we first met." She paused in front of the cathedral.

"Yes, ma'am. I hope the spot didn't get ruined for you because of what happened to you here."

She gazed up at him. "Meeting you more than made up for it, so no, nothing's ruined."

"Good." He was also glad she wasn't wearing his sunglasses, because then he would have missed that soft glow in her eyes.

"By the way, why haven't you held my hand at all this afternoon?"

His breath caught. "What?"

"I've been sending out signals, and you seem to be picking them up, but you still haven't touched me. I understand that you don't want to be affectionate in front of your household help. I don't want that, either, but we're among strangers now."

"Melanie, I-"

"If you don't like PDA under any circumstances, I'm cool with that. I just need to know for future reference, so I don't accidentally embarrass you."

He was stunned. "I didn't want to interfere."

"Interfere?" She looked puzzled.

"With all of this." He gestured toward the cathedral, the river, and the vivid bustle that was Paris. "You've never experienced it, and I didn't want to distract you from-"

"Oh." She smiled and her gaze grew even warmer. "That's incredibly sweet." She held out her hand. "Could we hold hands the rest of the way back, though?"

"We sure as hell can." He laced his fingers through hers and tugged her closer. "And while we're on the subject, how do you feel about kissing in public?"

"We're in Paris. I thought it was expected."

"So it is." Drawing her into his arms with a sigh of relief, he leaned down and finally, finally did what he'd longed to do for hours. Ah. Her mouth was as lush as he remembered, and he groaned when she opened to him.

So generous. So giving. Blood pumped through his veins and settled in a predictable spot. He didn't want to stop kissing her. He liked it too much. But that was the problem-he liked it way too much.

When he realized that he'd cupped her bottom, he forced himself to end the kiss and back away, but he held on to her hand. "Sorry." He gulped in air. "I got carried away."

"Don't apologize." She was breathing fast, too. "I've wanted you to kiss me since this morning."

"And God knows I've wanted to, but you see what happens."

Her gaze lowered to the crotch of his jeans, and her smile was filled with feminine satisfaction. "It's nice to be wanted."

"Darlin', you have no idea how wanted you are."

She looked into his eyes. "Likewise."

His c*ck strained at the denim of his jeans, and he wondered how he would ever make it through an evening at Les Folies Bergere with this woman. They might have to leave at intermission.

Eight

Melanie had never felt more desirable than she did while sitting at a cozy table drinking champagne with Drew at the famed Les Folies Bergere. The look in his eyes when she'd come downstairs in the red and black dress would stroke her ego for months. She'd carried the cape specifically so that he could help her with it.

Having him settle that silken cape around her shoulders had been like foreplay. And now, as they watched the nearly nude dancers onstage, he held her hand and stroked his thumb over her palm so erotically that she wondered if she could cli**x simply from that single caress.

The show itself was a sensual delight that celebrated the elegance of the human body. Costumes were often scanty but vibrantly colored. Les Folies Bergere was historic and spoke of the Paris that had captured Melanie's imagination long ago-an exuberant blend of art and sexuality.

She loved the show, but it wasn't the only reason she was getting more turned on by the second. She thought maybe Drew had planned it that way. If so, she was ready to fall in with that plan.

Leaning toward him, she put her mouth close to his ear and breathed in his signature fragrance. "I want you," she murmured.

"Same here," he whispered back. "It's almost intermission."

She wasn't sure what that meant, exactly, but she was more than willing to find out when the show took a break and everyone rose from their seats.. As they joined the rest of the audience in the extravagantly decorated lobby, Drew put his arm around her and leaned down. "We can stay or leave. Up to you."

She glanced into blue eyes hot with desire. "You'll call Henri?"

"No. I told him we'd catch a taxi."

She felt a sense of freedom at hearing that. "Let's go." The words were no sooner out of her mouth than Drew propelled her through the crowd and out the door.

On the sidewalk, he whistled for a cab. She climbed in and a thrill shot through her. No Henri to chaperone. She wondered if Drew had set that up on purpose, too.

He slid onto the seat beside her and gave the driver the name of a hotel.

"We're not going to your place?"

"No." He pulled her into his arms. "I can't wait that long." Then he kissed her with such urgency that he left no doubt that he was on fire for her.

The cab ride was short, but he made good use of it. His kiss was thorough as he used his tongue to suggest what he had in mind for the minute they were alone. Meanwhile he fondled every bit of her he could reach. He cupped her breast through the silken material of the dress and slid his other hand under her skirt.

She hadn't ridden in many cabs in her life, and she'd certainly never made out in one, but the anonymity of it excited her. She stroked the fly of his slacks where the material strained over his erection. He groaned against her mouth.

Lights flashed past as the cab driver veered left and right, and the wild motion added to the feeling of reckless abandon. The sound of traffic outside disguised the soft whimpers of desire that escaped from her lips as Drew breached the barrier of her panties and caressed her with deliberate intent.

By the time they left the cab, she was as desperate for him as he was for her. Her wet panties bore testament to that. But she straightened her clothes and did her best to look cool and collected.

The lobby was small yet tasteful. The desk clerk seemed to be expecting them, which told Melanie that Drew had arranged this part in advance. That was a thrilling thought.

He gave his name and was issued a key without any questions about luggage. Taking Melanie's hand, he led her up one flight of stairs, opened a polished wooden door, and pulled her inside a softly lit bedroom.

They'd barely closed the door before they were on each other, tugging at clothes and moaning in frustration. Fumbling with the zipper at the back of her dress, Drew walked her toward the bed and tumbled her backward. He'd made no progress on her zipper.

Abandoning that project, he stood, chest heaving, and unzipped his slacks. Without taking them off, he freed his rigid penis. She lay there, gasping for breath, as he fished a condom from his pocket and put it on. All the while he kept his gaze on her.

She was equally entranced with her view. Last night had been much darker and more mysterious. He was an awesome specimen and he seemed ready to take some decisive action with that top-of-the-line bad boy.

But she was still wearing the expensive dress he'd bought. She sat up and reached behind her back to work on the zipper.

His reply was hoarse with desperation. "Never mind that." Cupping the back of her head, he covered her mouth with his and guided her down to the mattress while shoving her skirt to her waist.

Her pulse rate skyrocketed. She was being taken, and she loved it. When he encountered the barrier of her drenched panties, he ripped the delicate lace in two. All her life she'd dreamed of a man wanting her so much that he'd tear the clothes from her body. Drew was that man.

And he was there, braced above her, his jaw clenched, as he found her slick entrance and pushed deep. He squeezed his eyes shut and cursed softly. "I'm ready to come."

Her heart pounded frantically. "Do it."

"No." His forehead creased in a frown as he concentrated.

She felt his penis twitch deep inside her and her body responded. She gasped. "I might."

"Wait."

She took several quick breaths. "Okay."

Slowly he opened his eyes and looked down at her with a sigh. "Better."

"Want to take off my dress now?"

"No. I'm not that much better."

"It will wrinkle."

"We'll have it steamed. I'm not leaving this spot just yet." He leaned down and kissed her gently before lifting his head to gaze into her eyes. "But I won't let you walk out of here later on looking as if you've been ravished."

"Thank you." She wanted him so much she could hear the hum of her blood in her ears. "Will I be ravished?"

"I hope so. I just ... had to get inside you."

She cupped his face in both hands. "I want you there."

"Good, because I don't think you could have stopped me. Not tonight." He eased back and rocked forward again. "I like being able to see your eyes. I like watching them get darker." He began to pump slowly.

She trembled as the friction wound the tension deep inside her, tightening it with each thrust. "Yours are darker, too, almost navy."

"No wonder." His breathing grew rough. "This is intense."

"I know." She lifted her h*ps to meet him and matched his rhythm.

"That's good. That's real good, darlin'." He increased the pace, and the room filled with the liquid sound of their bodies sliding together. "Now I want you to come for me."

"No problem." She focused on the blue flame in his eyes. "Especially if you keep doing that."

He grinned. "That's what I like to hear." He began to piston back and forth even faster. "I can feel you gettin' ready."

"Uh-huh." She gulped for air as her cli**x bore down on her, demanding release. "Oh, yeah ... there ... there!" With a cry she arched upward, wanting everything he had to give her. He surged forward, and she dove into a whirlpool of sensation. She cried out again as he plunged deeper, touching her core.

"Yes! God, Melanie, yes!" With a deep bellow, he drove home one last time. His eyes closed while he pulsed within her and shuddered in reaction.

Gradually his forehead came to rest on hers, and his warm breath tickled her face. Yet somehow he managed to keep himself braced on his forearms instead of collapsing on her. She couldn't imagine the strength of will that would take.

After several long seconds, he lifted his head and opened his eyes. After drawing in a long, shaky breath, he looked down at her and smiled. "That ... is what sex should be like."

"Agreed." But she was smart enough to realize that sex wouldn't be like this with anyone else. And she had to be okay with that.

***

Although Drew had never rushed a woman to a hotel room before, in Paris or anywhere else, he'd had sense enough to preplan this episode, thank God. He'd intended their night at Les Folies to ramp up the sexual tension, and it had certainly accomplished that. They'd been wild for each other, as he'd hoped they would be.

But he'd decided in advance he didn't want Henri driving them back home in that condition. Either Henri would have been embarrassed or Drew would have been frustrated. The taxi had been a much better option.

So far the night was everything he'd hoped for and more. Sending Melanie's dress out to be steamed was a bonus. It meant she was conveniently nak*d for a while. Because he was a gentleman, he offered her one of the two robes in the closet, in case she felt modest.

Fortunately for him, she didn't. Instead she coaxed him out of his clothes, which didn't take much coaxing. They romped on the bed like kids, which led to romping on the bed like adults. He'd brought several condoms to take care of that possibility.

The pillows they'd used to whack each other during the pillow fight became a support system for some interesting sexual maneuvers. He concluded that she had some acquaintance with the Kama Sutra, and he was more than happy to try anything she had in mind. Variety was good. Variety was excellent, in fact.

Eventually, cli**xed out, they lay facing each other, sweaty and smiling.

"We'll need showers," she said.

"We're in luck. There's a shower through that door." He pointed toward the attached bath. "I'll be glad to wash your back for you."

"How gallant."

"No, how devious. I'll take any old excuse to get my hands on that gorgeous body."

"Where?" Gray eyes sparkling, she glanced around. "What gorgeous body?"

"This one." He cupped her full breast and brushed his thumb over her dusky nipple until it stiffened. "This amazing, beautiful body." He looked into her eyes. "Want to come again?"

"I don't think I can, not after that last time when you kept going and I kept coming. I didn't know I could do that three times in a row."

"But now you know." He shouldn't already be thinking about the next time they'd be nak*d together and how many orgasms he might give her then. She had plenty to see and do tomorrow before he managed to get her undressed and back in his arms.

But he couldn't help anticipating that moment. He longed to whisk her away to a tropical island where they wore few clothes and had no responsibilities. He began to dream of traveling with her and making love in every corner of the world.

He teased her other breast so it matched the first. "Your n**ples seem interested in having another round."

She captured his hand and held it between both of hers. "You're becoming greedy."

"That's a fact. I am. But I'll let you rest."

"Good." She released his hand. "We should just talk until my dress arrives. What's taking so long, anyway?"

"They won't bring it until I call."

She laughed. "I see how this works."

"You wouldn't want them knocking on the door in the middle of a rip-roarin' orgasm, would you, darlin'?"

"No, guess not. Did you have the dress steaming in mind, too?"

"No, but this is a full-service hotel. They'll bring food if we want it. Do you?"

"No, believe it or not."

"I felt sort of guilty for robbing you of your snack last night. I don't want to starve you."

She shook her head. "I won't let that happen. But thank you for choosing a hotel that delivers food. I'm impressed that you planned everything in advance. I had no idea."

"Like it?"

"Very much. I feel way less inhibited in this hotel than in your townhouse. Your townhouse is elegant and I'm honored to stay there, but I worry about the servants discovering what's going on between us."

"Then we'll come here again tomorrow night." He made a mental note to set it up. "After the Eiffel Tower."

"But if we come back here again, then you're spending-"

"Shh." He laid a finger over her mouth. "It's worth every euro if you can relax while you're with me."

"Mm." Her tongue darted out and licked his finger.

He waited to see what she'd do next. Sure enough, she pulled his finger into her mouth and began to suck. He'd thought he was all played out, but seeing the action of her full lips curved around his finger proved that he had life in him, after all.

He couldn't help teasing her, though. "Now who's greedy?"

She slid her mouth free of his finger. "I am." Then she glanced down and laughed. "And you're glad about that."

"'Fraid so."

"Then lie back and enjoy." She slid down on the mattress and transferred her attention to his cock.

"I'd rather watch." He propped himself on his elbows.

"In that case, I'll give you the super deluxe version."

And boy howdy, did she ever. Apparently she was telling the truth about losing her inhibitions, because she put on a show-cradling his pride and joy between her creamy br**sts and giving him a tongue bath such as he'd never had.

He'd intended to stop her before it was too late, but she had some amazing moves. She took him over the edge before he saw the edge looming, and then she drank every last drop. When she lifted her head and met his gaze, she winked at him. "Gotcha."

Oh, yes, she had him, all right. He was falling fast and hard. But she wasn't. No matter how uninhibited she might be when they were nak*d, she was keeping a part of herself separate, walled off. He could guess why. She thought this was a temporary deal they had going on.

He'd thought so at first, too. But with every minute they shared, he became more convinced that he'd found something extraordinary-someone extraordinary. He'd made a fortune trusting his instincts, and he was ready to trust them now.

If he told her all that, though, she wouldn't believe him, not after less than two days together. She didn't know him well enough yet. But she would. Oh, yes, she definitely would.

Nine

Time was so fickle. It slowed down when Melanie least wanted it to, like whenever she was sitting in the dentist's chair, or she had to wait in line to renew her driver's license. But the next two days with Drew shot past with blinding speed.

The hours were packed with a blur of images-their private tour of the Louvre, a candlelit dinner at the Eiffel Tower, an early morning visit to Notre Dame, cafe au lait sipped at a sidewalk cafe, an afternoon stroll past brilliant flower stalls and fruit markets, and an evening boat ride on the Seine.

The new credit card was delivered to Drew's townhouse, and Melanie was able to pick up souvenirs for her mother and her friends. She also bought a cheap camera and took pictures of everything she saw. No doubt her friends would like pictures of Drew, but she was shy about taking any. She didn't want to make assumptions or cross any invisible barriers by mistake.

Way before she was ready for the end of her fairy tale, she found herself lying with Drew in their cozy hotel room for the last time. They'd come together with a different kind of desperation tonight, one tinged with sadness that their time together in Paris was nearly over.

She faced him and looked into those incredibly blue eyes. She hated talking about the details of leaving, but she needed to. "I should get to the airport early in the morning," she said.

He stroked her hair back from her face. "Not too early, darlin'. You're going home in my plane."

She sighed. She should have anticipated that he wouldn't let her suffer through any potential airport drama. "That's very generous, but I have a ticket. I may have to navigate a little red tape because I physically am not in possession of it, but-"

"I'm going back, too, so you might as well catch a ride with me." He smiled, and when he did that, he was irresistible. "There will be empty seats."

"Are you fibbing to me for the first time? You said when we met that you planned to stay two weeks. I distinctly recall you saying that." She remembered their meeting in vivid detail and probably always would.

"I did plan to stay two weeks, but some unexpected business came up, and I have to head on home."

She narrowed her eyes, still suspicious of his motives. "Are you sure about that?"

"You bet." His expression was relaxed, as if he had truth on his side. "I really have to go back."

"I still say it's very convenient that you suddenly have to leave when I have to leave."

He shrugged. "Suit yourself. If you insist, you can be crammed into a center seat of the middle row with crying babies on one side of you and partying college kids on the other side. Or you can fly back in a quiet cabin with me."

She couldn't help laughing. The trip over had been a real rodeo, very much like he'd just described. "Well, when you put it that way ..."

"I knew you'd come to your senses." He grabbed her and rolled her onto her back. "And we can leave on our schedule, so you don't have to get up at dawn."

She gazed at him and fluttered her eyelashes. "Meaning what, kind sir?"

"We have more time for this, dear lady." He lowered his head and gave her a kiss that was both gentle and sweet.

But she wanted more than gentle and sweet. Thrusting her hands through his hair, she gripped the back of his head and pulled him into an open-mouthed kiss filled with all the passionate longing churning in her heart.

Catching fire, he gave it right back to her. He continued to ravage her mouth as he reached for a condom. Lifting his head, he brushed the condom packet against her cheek. "Put it on for me?"

"Gladly." She took the packet, ripped it open, and tossed the packaging aside. Then she reached down and grasped his thick, warm penis.

He groaned. "Damn, that feels good."

"It gets better."

"I know, darlin'. That's why I gave you the condom."

She rolled it on with practiced ease, caressing him as she went along. In their nights together, he'd become quite fond of having her take care of this chore. She finished by cupping his heavy balls and squeezing gently. How she ached for him!

His breathing grew ragged as his lips hovered over hers. "Tell me what you want, Melanie." Easing down, he settled between her thighs. "You can have anything-anything in the world."

"Just you."

"That's too easy."

"That's all I want."

"Then I'm yours." Looking into her eyes, he probed once, and slid home. "All yours."

She drank in the fierce heat of his blue gaze as he began to move within her. How easily he said those words. Too easily. But he was hers for the rest of the night. She would treasure every minute in his arms.

***

The following morning was a busy one for Drew as he talked with his staff about the maintenance projects he wanted them to handle while he was gone. He hoped to be back in less than a month, which would give them time for a thorough cleaning of all drapes, rugs, and bed hangings. They could also deal with the plumbing problems he'd noticed. The townhouse was old, and something was always going wrong with it. Drew didn't care about the constant maintenance because he loved the ambiance of the place, and he wanted to stay on top of any issues.

He hadn't lied to Melanie about having urgent business in Dallas, either. He'd put off important phone calls concerning the charity event while he'd concentrated all his attention on her. To use an old-fashioned term, he'd been courting her, although she was charmingly oblivious to the fact.

When he'd finally returned some of those calls yesterday, he'd realized that he could handle the issues more efficiently in person. But that wasn't the most important reason to go back. Now that he'd found Melanie, he wasn't about to let her out of his sight, at least not until they'd had a serious discussion about the future.

Over the years he'd learned the value of timing, and he knew that picking the right moment to tell Melanie how he felt about her was critical. He'd considered talking to her during their last night together. He had confessed his feelings, in fact, but she obviously hadn't realized that he'd meant exactly what he'd said.

No doubt she'd thought that his all yours statement had been made in the heat of the moment. Other men might throw those words around when they had sex with a woman, but he never had. She couldn't know that, though.

Thank God she'd taken his suggestion of flying home with him. Had she insisted on going commercial, he would have had to do that, too. It would have been ugly, but he would have done it.

She was such an independent little critter, and he loved that about her, but damn, he would have liked her to take home all the clothes Josette had picked out. She'd refused. Maybe it didn't matter, because she'd get them eventually, unless everything went horribly wrong between them.

She boarded his corporate jet wearing the same outfit, she'd had on the morning he'd first seen her, although it had been freshly washed by his staff. It reminded him of what had attracted him in the first place-a woman who'd grabbed the chance to experience awe. From now on, if he had anything to say about it, she would have someone there to share the awesome moments.

Because they'd been awake most of the night, they both slept for the first few hours. Drew encouraged that. He wanted her to be rested when he broached the all-important topic of where they went from here.

He woke before she did and lay in the reclining seat gazing at her. She'd won his heart without even trying. She'd won it by being herself, a person who wasn't dazzled by his wealth and didn't expect him to shower her with material things. He'd never in a million years thought he'd fall for a cowgirl, but there it was. He had.

She made him laugh, and even better, he made her laugh, too. They'd connected in a way he never had with the socialites he'd dated his entire adult life. Had finding the right woman been simply a matter of moving out of his social circle?

No, he didn't believe that. Materialistic women existed in all parts of society. Those who shared his values existed at all levels, too. He'd met a few, but they'd been friends, not lovers. A combination of shared values and unbelievable chemistry didn't come along every day. It had never happened to him. Until Melanie.

She opened sleepy eyes and caught him staring at her. For one precious moment, warmth that mirrored his shone from those gray depths. Then, as if she was censoring the emotion, her gaze gentled to friendliness.

"Good dreams?" he asked.

"Yes."

"About me?"

"Egotist! I'm not telling." She grinned at him.

He had his answer. She'd been dreaming about him, and the glow of happiness in her eyes when she'd first opened them gave him hope. "Ready to eat?"

"You know it."

He'd looked forward to offering her the gourmet food onboard his plane, and she was gratifyingly appreciative of the cheese souffle, glazed fruit, and steamed veggies. The chocolate lava cake, though, sent her over the moon.

She leaned close. "It's almost better than sex," she murmured with a furtive glance at Suzanne, the cabin attendant.

"Almost." He winked at her. "But not quite."

"No, not quite." Her smile flashed, but she looked away quickly, as if not wanting to meet his gaze.

Hm. He hadn't considered this trip from her point of view, but now he realized it could seem like slow torture, a long, excruciating good-bye. That wasn't fair, when he had a totally different scenario in mind. He put down his spoon. "It's not over, Melanie."

"You mean lunch? There's more?" But then she met his gaze, and saw how serious he was. All merriment left her expression. "Yes, it is. We both know that, so you don't have to pretend. I was happy to accept your offer of a ride home, but when we get there, we'll each move back into our respective worlds. It's okay. I completely understand."

"No, you don't. I-"

"I'm grateful for all we've shared. You're a wonderful host. You showed me Paris as no one else could have, and I'll never forget it."

"You're talking as if we'll never see each other again!"

"I doubt that we will." Her expression seemed absolutely blank. Was she protecting her feelings? Or was she actually as okay with that idea as she sounded?

He'd expected an argument, but not this solid wall of resistance. And his timing sucked. He'd started this discussion while they both sat, seat belts fastened, so they could eat a messy chocolate lava cake. Worse yet, Suzanne hovered within earshot.

He called over to the flight attendant. "Suzanne, would you please take our trays? Keep the deserts warm. We'll finish them later. And please give us some privacy."

Melanie glanced at him in alarm. "What's wrong?"

"Everything." Once the trays were gone he unbuckled his seat belt and got up. Then he crouched down in front of Melanie's chair. "I've been waiting for the right moment to talk to you, but I didn't stop to think that you'd spend the whole blessed flight anticipating the end of our relationship."

She lifted her chin. "I'm not, either. I had a nice nap, and a wonderful meal. I promise you I'm not brooding about what happens after we land."

"No, you wouldn't do that." He took both her hands in his. "You're not a brooder. It's one of the many things that I love about you."

Her eyes grew wide and she began to tremble. "Drew ..."

He forged on. Might as well lay all his cards on the table. "I love other things, too, like the way you really look at the world around you with wonder in your eyes, and your fierce independence, and your spirit of adventure, and your lack of concern about luxury, and the way you react to me in bed."

She stared at him as her whole body quivered.

He gripped her hands more tightly. "I love you, Melanie Shaw. I never thought I'd fall in love with a cowgirl, but it looks like I have. I began to love you that first morning, and that love has grown stronger every hour of every day we've spent together. But I knew you wouldn't believe me if I said that too soon, so I've been hoping to find a moment when this speech would make sense to you." He searched her expression for some sign, some flicker of understanding. "I'm powerfully afraid this isn't that moment."

She blinked. "You love me?"

"Yes. I know it's fast, darlin', but I'm a fast mover. I don't expect you to love me back, at least not yet. All I ask is a chance. Just ..." His throat closed with fear as he realized how much was at stake. "Just give me a chance."

She continued to gaze at him without speaking.

He waited, massaging her cold hands, letting her see the caring in his expression, and praying that she would accept that he was not a raving lunatic, just a man in love.

The light in her gray eyes was faint at first, and he almost missed it. Then it grew brighter, and he felt the pressure of her hands clutching his. Heart pounding, he watched her expression change from disbelief to tentative hope.

"I love you," he murmured again.

Her smile began slowly, and as it widened, her eyes glistened with unshed tears.

"Do you believe me?"

Still not speaking, she swallowed and nodded.

"Will you give me a chance?"

"Oh, Drew." Her voice was hoarse with emotion. "You don't need any more chances. You had me the minute you ran after those muggers."

"I did?"

"Of course! Didn't anyone ever tell you a woman loves a knight in shining armor?"

"I wasn't trying to be-"

"I know." She pulled her hands from his and cupped his face. "And that's why I love you."

She loved him. He felt the tightness in his chest give way as warmth flowed in. She hadn't known about his money, and she hadn't been looking to cash in on her relationship with him. She'd been taken by his effort to protect her not with his money but with his strength. She loved him.

She leaned closer. "Do you believe me?"

"Yes." He was grinning like an idiot and couldn't stop doing it. "You know this means we're getting married, right?" Then he winced. What a boneheaded proposal. He was not bringing his A-game.

"My mama and daddy will like that."

"What about you? Will you like that?"

"You mean will I like sleeping in your bed every night and making love whenever we feel like it?"

He chuckled. "Among other things. Listen, I can give you a much better proposal than this. You don't have to say yes yet. Let me get the ring and do it up right."

"Good grief. Never mind all that drama. My answer is yes, I will like being married to you. I will like it very much."

"Good. I'll slip the ring under your pillow some night after we've had lots of good sex. How about that?"

"Sure. Whatever."

"You don't care about the ring?" He should have known that, too.

"I only care about you." She met his gaze.

"And that's why I'm the luckiest man on Earth."

"And I'm the luckiest woman. I guess that takes care of everything, huh?"

"Almost." He reached for her seat belt and unbuckled it. "Except for the kissing part. Please stand up. My knees are killing me."

Laughing, she let him pull her up and into his arms. Their kiss was long and heartfelt, punctuated by more murmured words of love. It lasted until the plane lurched and Suzanne came back to advise them of turbulence.

Drew held Melanie close for one second more and gazed into her eyes. "There's so much to talk about-whether we want kids, where we'll live, the size of the wedding, where we should go on our honeymoon ..."

"We have a long plane ride. We'll figure it out. But I know where I want to go on our honeymoon."

"Bali? Tahiti?"

She shook her head. "Paris. There's this small hotel there, and-"

"I can't think of anything better." He supposed at some point in his life he'd been this happy, but if so, he couldn't remember when.

Epilogue

It was a three-margarita night when Melanie met her friends Astrid Lindberg and Valerie Wolitzky at Stetsons and Golden Spurs, their favorite watering hole in downtown Dallas. Two weeks earlier, Drew had joined them so Val could meet the paragon Melanie planned to marry, and Astrid could get reacquainted with the childhood friend she hadn't seen in years. But tonight was just for the girls. Melanie wanted to show them the antique ring Drew had given her, which was perfect and so much better than a huge rock. And meanwhile, Astrid said she needed some advice on her own love life.

The three friends went back a long way. They'd met and bonded their freshman year at a small college in east Texas. They'd joined the same sorority, and because they were all only children, they'd cherished the sense of sisterhood more than most. After graduation, they'd stayed close. Val, the only one who wasn't from the Dallas area, had deliberately taken a job with a Dallas law firm so she wouldn't lose touch with her buddies.

Melanie's wedding plans took up most of the first round of drinks. They discussed dress designs, venues, and the bachelorette party. Because Melanie was the first to get engaged, they spent part of the time on their phones doing internet research on current wedding fashions.

By the second round of margaritas, Astrid began to open up about her problems. Blonde and petite, she didn't look like anyone's idea of a large-animal vet, but she loved the work. She also came from money and was expected to marry a wealthy man. She was currently dating Edward, who had all the right credentials.

"My mother loves him," Astrid said. "So does my father. Edward fits into my family beautifully. And he's a nice guy. I just ..."

"What?" Val, a redhead with an eccentric sense of style, leaned forward. "Is he terrible in bed?"

Astrid shrugged. "I don't know."

"You don't know?" Melanie stared at her. "You're practically engaged to the guy. You haven't kicked the tires?"

"He hasn't pushed for that, and neither have I. I don't ... like how he kisses."

Val threw up her hands. "Don't you dare marry him. Mark my words, a bad kisser is going to be a nightmare between the sheets. Somebody needs to educate this guy, but not you. And some men are tone-deaf when it comes to these things. Edward could be one of those."

"But my parents are wild to have him as their son-in-law."

Melanie laughed. "Yeah, but they don't have to go to bed with him. Val's right. Back in the Dark Ages, women had to make a bad match for the good of the family. Those days are gone."

"Maybe it's me." Astrid polished off her drink. "Maybe I'm a cold fish."

"You are not." Val smirked. "We remember what you were like in college. You have the soul of a seductress, chica. You just need the right Zorro to light your fire."

"Like Fletch." Astrid gazed dreamily into her empty glass.

"Who?" Melanie leaned forward. "Who's Fletch?"

Astrid glanced up, startled. "Oh, nobody. Just a client. He's the one with the mare who's having a rough time."

"A client." Val nodded wisely. "Methinks he's a sexy client. Tell us more."

"He's a rancher. Like all ranchers, his money is tied up in land and livestock."

Melanie studied her friend. Astrid moved in the same circles as Drew, so Melanie understood the issues more than she might have otherwise. "A cash-strapped rancher wouldn't make your parents very happy, right?"

"No." Astrid looked at Melanie. "He wouldn't. My mother has warned me for years to marry someone with money so I'd never have to worry about his motives. But Fletch is not like that. I know he's not."

Their third round arrived, and they all drank a toast to true love.

Val was the one who asked the critical question. "How does this Fletch guy feel about you?"

"Ah, there's the big question." Astrid sipped her drink. "Sometimes I think he's interested, but other times he acts as if I'm simply a vet he's hired to take care of his pregnant mare. And he is a client, so I can't very well make a move."

Val cradled her goblet in both hands. "Sticky situation. But promise me you won't go to bed with Edward until you've had a chance to find out if Fletch is on the market."

"I agree." Melanie raised her glass. "To talented lovers, which we all deserve."

"Yeah." Astrid touched her glass to Melanie's. "May we all find a guy who floats our boat the way Drew does Melanie's." Then she glanced at Val. "Gonna toast with us?"

"I'll toast the two of you. As for me, I'm on hiatus. No boat floating going on over here."

Melanie met Astrid's gaze. Now was not the time to confront Val about her issues. Melanie amended the toast. "To each of us finding what we need."

Val looked relieved. "I'll drink to that."

The three woman clicked their glasses together. As Melanie drank her margarita, she counted her blessings. She never would have expected that a down-home cowgirl would end up with a Prince Charming like Drew. But she'd learned that love could come along when a person least expected it. She hoped her friends would find that out soon, too.

