Chapter One

Jo Marie Rose had an advantage over most widows. Seeing that she'd lived a good portion of her adult life as a single woman, she was accustomed to taking care of herself. Still, there were times when she would have welcomed a man's help. Welcomed a man. She missed Paul dreadfully, but she'd married him knowing he was a soldier and the risk that involved. Even now, knowing what she did, she would always be grateful to have been loved by Paul Rose.

Rose Harbor Inn had become her sanctuary, a safe harbor for her and for Rover, the stray dog she'd adopted. Although she'd owned the inn for only a few months, she had already compiled a long list of upgrades and changes she wished to make. Unfortunately, many of these improvements were above and beyond her limited capabilities.

That was where Mark Taylor came into the picture. He was a local handyman, and if she were to describe him, the first thing that readily came to mind was prickly. To say he was a man of few words was to say a mime talked too much. Usually he answered with one or two words, as if any question she were to ask irritated him. Mr. Personality he was not.

Jo Marie was willing to put up with his gruff ways because he did a good job, and at an acceptable price. The problem was that Mark had a habit of taking three times longer than necessary to finish a project. As he was keen to remind her, others had hired him, too. She wasn't his only customer, and he'd finish in a reasonable amount of time. To be fair, he generally did. What Jo Marie needed, he often reminded her, was a bit more patience.

Recently, however, Jo Marie had discovered a secret that had Mark stopping by to work on her project a bit more routinely.

Cookies.

Mark loved cookies, and she baked a batch every other day or so for her guests. It'd taken her only a short while to recognize that Mark tended to show up for work on baking days.

This morning it was peanut-butter cookies, one of his favorites. Right on cue, her doorbell chimed. Ever at the ready, Rover immediately barked and raced to the door.

Sure enough, it was Mark. "I got your message," he said, sounding none too pleased. He made it seem as if the voice mail she'd left him had upset his all-important schedule.

"Good."

"What do you need this time?" he asked.

Rover stood on his hind legs and placed his front paws on Mark's thigh, looking to be acknowledged. Mark grudgingly patted the mutt's head and then, scowling, added, "Down."

Rover immediately obeyed.

"I'd like to remove part of the lawn for a rose garden." She wanted a gazebo built as well but didn't want to overwhelm him with too much at once. "I mentioned the project earlier," she reminded him.

Mark frowned. "I've got other projects right now."

"I know," she said, doing her best to remain patient and calm. She was forced to bite down on her tongue to keep from asking about the cradle he'd been working on for weeks. When she saw how lovely it was-and it truly was-he said he'd gotten it in his head to build it, although it wasn't a commissioned piece and he didn't know anyone in need of a cradle. Far be it from her to tear him away for a paying job.

Mark must have smelled the cookies, because he moved into the kitchen without waiting for an invitation.

"Coffee?" she asked.

He shrugged. "I wouldn't mind a couple of those cookies."

Before she handed over the goods, she wanted it understood she had a stipulation to go along with this project. "I have a deadline for the garden."

Mark shifted uncomfortably. "I'm not good with deadlines."

She ignored that, poured his coffee, and brought down a plate but didn't hand over the cookies. "Peggy Beldon suggested I have an open house, and I was thinking it would be nice to have it in late spring."

"How late?"

"I don't know yet. End of May or so. Can you do it?"

Mark's gaze focused on the peanut-butter cookies cooling on wire racks along the countertop. "It shouldn't be a problem."

"You're sure about that?" He might not find planting a rose garden particularly significant, but she did. This garden would be a tribute to her husband, to Paul. While it might not mean anything more than a job to Mark, it was important to her, and his cooperation in this would be greatly appreciated.

Mark scowled and shrugged.

Jo Marie set two cookies on the plate and brought it over to the table, where he'd plopped himself down. He'd eaten both by the time she returned with her own coffee and sat across from him. Rover curled up at her feet.

"When can you get started?" she asked, unwilling to be put off.

"That depends."

"On what?"

"Where do you want the rose garden?" he asked.

"I'd like to have my guests view it as soon as they pull into the driveway." That made sense to Jo Marie.

"You'd better show me."

"Okay, fine." Reaching for a sweater, she led the way outside. The morning was dark and gloomy, the skies overcast with thick slate-gray clouds that threatened more than the customary March drizzle.

Standing on the top porch step, she pointed in the direction that seemed the best choice to her. The chill got to her, and she wrapped the sweater more tightly around herself.

"The drainage there might be a problem."

Jo Marie hadn't thought about that. She'd assumed roses would bloom wherever they were planted.

"Where else would work?"

Alongside the shed, she guessed, but she'd hoped to have the gazebo close by, and she'd rather it not be close to any of the outbuildings. "Around the other side of the inn, I suppose." She wasn't keen on that idea, although it was an option.

"Let me check it out."

"Okay." She followed Mark as he led the way down the steps and along the pathway that meandered around the inn. Rover dutifully followed.

With his hands braced against his hips, Mark surveyed the area. "I'm going to need to do a bit of research first."

"For what?" This sounded like a delay tactic to her.

"I want to read up on roses, learn what I can about planting and growing them before I start tearing up the yard. Then you and I can decide where would be the best spot for your rose garden."

He came across as practical, and she didn't have an argument. "Okay, but I want to remind you I'd like this done fairly quickly."

"If you want to hire someone else, that's fine by me. I'll do my best, but I'm not making any promises."

"Okay, okay," she muttered and shook her head. Oh my, he was in a rare mood this morning. She led the way back into the house. "How much do you figure this will cost?" she asked, reveling in the welcome warmth of the house.

"That depends," Mark said.

To show good faith, she replenished his plate with two additional cookies. "Just a rough estimate is enough."

"I'll be fair."

"I know you will," she said, sitting down across from him. She was half tempted to offer to pay him in cookies, but he might take her seriously, in which case she'd be baking for him for the next several years.

"What do you want me to do first? Put together a bid or research where best to plant the garden?"

It wasn't an easy choice. "Do whatever will get my rose garden in by Memorial Day," she suggested.

"Fair enough." He quickly ate the two additional cookies and emptied his coffee mug. "I'd better get started, then."

"Perfect."

"I'll head down to the library and get a few gardening books and get back to you by the end of the week."

"Sounds good."

Standing, he carried his mug to the sink. "Those are some of your best cookies yet."

A compliment? From Mark? This was worthy of a reward. "Why don't I give you a few to take with you?"

He almost smiled. "I won't turn them down."

Unable to hide her amusement, she looked down at Rover, but her faithful companion wasn't under the table. Nor was he curled up in front of the refrigerator.

"Did Rover come in with us?" He followed Jo Marie everywhere. It wasn't like him to stay outside, especially when it threatened rain.

"I didn't notice."

Jo Marie hadn't, either. She opened the door off the kitchen and called for him.

"Rover."

Nothing.

"Rover," she tried again.

Nothing.

"He can't have gotten far," Mark said. He shouted out her pet's name himself and didn't get a response.

"I'm sure he must be around here," Jo Marie insisted. The inn was his home. They were good for each other, kept each other company. With this inn they'd both found a safe harbor, a place of healing. She'd come to rely on Rover, on his presence, his protection. It would sound half crazy to explain to anyone, in particular to Mark, that she genuinely felt Paul had sent Rover to her as a friend and constant companion.

For a long time, Jo Marie had toyed with changing his name. Rover was the name the animal shelter had given him. It was clear when he was brought in that he'd been on his own, roving for a good long while. It was such an ordinary name, though, so bland. Over the last few months she'd scoured pet-name books and come up with several unique and funny names, like Soldier (Paul would have loved that), or Wilson, after one of her favorite Seahawks players. Any number of good, solid dog names came to her, but none suited him better than just plain Rover.

Together with Mark, she searched the entire property, and Rover was nowhere to be found.

"Has he done this before?" Mark asked.

"Never."

"He'll be back. He knows where his dog dish is."

If Mark thought he was helping, he wasn't. "I want to find my dog," she said, in danger of losing her composure. She hurried to the end of the driveway and looked both ways up and down the street.

Rover was nowhere in sight.

Mark waited for her on the porch steps. It had started to rain in thick sheets, but Jo Marie was oblivious to the hammering downfall.

"Don't look so worried, he'll be back," Mark said again.

Jo Marie ignored that and raced inside the house for something warmer and her umbrella. "You don't understand. It isn't like him to disappear like this."

"There's no need for you to panic."

"Yes, there is," she snapped.

"I've had pets," he challenged. "They like to explore. You're overreacting."

"I'm not!" she insisted. "Rover doesn't leave the property. This is his home now, and he knows that, and furthermore, he's more than a pet to me."

She quickly jerked her arms into the sleeves of her rain jacket. Generally she avoided an umbrella, but the rain was coming down too heavy now.

"You aren't seriously considering going out in this weather?"

"I told you I need to find my dog." She wouldn't explain why she was so strongly attached to him because Mark would find her fanciful ideas amusing. Too many factors about Rover convinced her that this was no ordinary pet.

First and foremost, Rover had chosen her and revealed an uncanny ability to comfort her. It was almost as if he could read her mind. From the moment she'd brought him home from the shelter he'd been by her side. He sensed her moods, and when she was especially sad, he would place his chin on her knee and look up at her with dark, soulful eyes as if to assure her she would laugh again, love again. Which was why she was convinced that he was a special gift from Paul.

"I'll drive around the neighborhood and see what I find," Mark offered.

Jo Marie appreciated the effort. "Thank you."

"I'll meet you back here in twenty minutes."

Jo Marie checked her watch. "Okay."

Despite the rain, she took off, her steps filled with purpose. Rover had never done anything like this before, and she couldn't imagine what had possessed him to leave. If the sun was shining and he'd been chasing butterflies, she might have understood it. But in the middle of a wretched March rainstorm? It didn't make the least bit of sense.

Twenty minutes later, Jo Marie returned to the house with her feet drenched. She should have changed her shoes, but, filled with a sense of urgency, she hadn't wanted to take the time.

Mark stood alone on the porch, his hands buried deep inside his jean pockets.

"Did you see him?" Jo Marie called out as she hurried toward the inn. Despite the evidence, she had to ask.

Mark shook his head. "No sign of him anywhere. You?"

Jo Marie shook her head. The knot in the pit of her stomach tightened.

Mark frowned at her and then growled, "You're soaked to the skin."

"I'm fine."

"Get inside. Rover's been a stray. He's used to being free to go where he pleases. He's smart enough to know what to do to stay safe and dry. Eventually he'll find his way back. Like I said, he knows where his food bowl is filled."

"I'm not giving up until I find Rover." If this was Mark's idea of reassurance, then she'd rather he left right now.

"Rover knows his way around town."

"He knows the route I walk him and little else. He's probably lost and confused." Part of her realized that the way she connected Rover with Paul made losing him feel as if she were losing Paul all over again. It sounded crazy, something a psychologist would want to analyze in great depth, but she couldn't help it. Despite her best efforts, her voice trembled.

"You need to get warm." Mark practically dragged her inside the inn and went directly into the kitchen and poured her some coffee.

Trembling now with cold and dread, she willingly accepted the mug. He didn't take one for himself. Instead, he paced her kitchen as if unsure what to do next.

Neither of them spoke.

Jo Marie sniffled in an effort to hold back the emotion that threatened to spill over at any moment. She started to shake, but not from any chill.

"I can't lose Rover," she whispered, utterly miserable. "I simply can't."

"Give it time," Mark insisted. "It's only been less than an hour."

"I told you before, Rover is more than a pet." Her voice wobbled like a drunk attempting to walk a straight line. "He's gone, I feel it in my gut ..." She refused to accept that, refused to believe she would lose him, too.

"Maybe his time with you is over and he's ready to move on," Mark offered. "I've found it's better not to get too attached."

At any other time his words would have struck her as tremendously revealing, but all she could think about was Rover lost in the storm.

"Don't say anything more, please; you're not helping."

Mark shuffled his feet a couple of times, and then, as if he didn't have anything more to add, he walked out the door.

Not knowing what else to do, Jo Marie went to the front window and watched Mark drive away. She shouldn't have expected anything more of him. The moment she fell apart emotionally, he was at a complete loss. His sole thought was to escape.

To expect Mark to be her friend was asking too much of him. All at once she was angry with him ... angry with the world. She'd lost so much already, and to lose Rover was more than she could take.

Never one to give in easily to bouts of weeping, Jo Marie no longer had the internal fortitude to hold them back. With tears raining down her cheeks, she went into her bedroom, stripped out of her wet clothes, turned on the shower, and stepped inside. Once under the hot spray, she let the sobs come, choking on what she was convinced was another hit, another loss she would be forced to face and absorb. She wasn't going to stop looking. She couldn't and wouldn't until she found him.

Chapter Two

Unable to sit still and do nothing, Jo Marie dressed and drove into town, parking at the library. Grace Harding, the head librarian, glanced up from where she stood at the front desk.

She must have immediately sensed something was drastically wrong because she asked, "Jo Marie, what's happened? You look like you've lost your best friend."

"I have," Jo Marie choked out. "It's Rover. He's missing." She extended her hands to her friend, needing advice and comfort and something to hold on to, someone to hold her together.

Gripping both of Jo Marie's hands, Grace asked, "When did you last see him?"

"The thing is, I don't know. Rover followed Mark and me outside. We went out to select an area to plant the rose garden. You know how he barely leaves my side. Rover was with me then, but a few minutes after we were inside, talking details, I noticed he wasn't in the house. I've looked everywhere I can think of to look and he's ... gone. Vanished. I can't imagine where he went or why." Again, her voice did that wobbling thing as if she were on the verge of having an emotional breakdown. Which, as a matter of fact, she was.

Grace was instantly all business. "You had the microchip put in, right?"

Jo Marie nodded.

"Then any shelter that finds him will have your contact information."

Jo Marie had forgotten about that, but it did little to assuage her fears.

"I'll call Olivia, too."

The family court judge? "What can she do?" Jo Marie asked.

"Well, for one thing, she knows Hank Hampton over at Animal Control personally. I do, too, but she has more sway with him than I do. If he finds Rover, she'll have him get in touch with you directly and sidestep the shelter."

"She'd be able to do that?"

"Olivia can ask. She knows how attached you are to Rover."

"Would you mind asking?" The thought of Rover being chased by a dogcatcher wasn't a comforting one.

"I wouldn't mind in the least. Anything else I can do, other than talk to Olivia and the animal shelter?"

"I ... I don't know." Jo Marie's brain felt as if it was about to explode. She couldn't sit idly by and do nothing, though; that was driving her nuts. She pressed her fingertips against her lips. "Mark says I'm overreacting."

"You aren't. You and I both know Rover is a special dog and that the two of you are meant to be together," Grace assured her. "We all love our pets; they're like family."

That was the bottom line, she realized. To Jo Marie, Rover was family. Her family. "Thank you," she whispered, tears filling her eyes.

"We'll find him, Jo Marie, don't worry. Rover will be back before you know it."

Because she so desperately wanted to believe that, Jo Marie didn't argue, although it felt as if Rover was completely gone from her life. What Mark said echoed in her mind ... maybe she was supposed to have him for only these few months while she grieved for Paul. Perhaps it was time for him to move on to someone else who was badly in need of comfort. She didn't want to think that was the case, but she couldn't come up with another logical explanation.

Rover had left of his own accord.

He'd gone outside with her and Mark, and he hadn't returned. Nothing had prevented him from following her back into the house. Maybe he'd moved on to someone else. Another hurting soul in need.

Amanda Palmer found Travis Kilroy sitting at the farthest, darkest corner table in Java Joint. He'd slouched down in the chair so far he was in danger of sliding onto the floor. His neck rested on the back of the chair and he held his cell phone and was either texting or playing games. Either way, his fingers moved over the keys with practiced ease.

"Hello, Travis," she said, doing her best to sound like she was eager to be his math tutor.

He glanced up and reluctantly straightened. "Hi." The greeting was flat and devoid of any welcome or appreciation.

Amanda pulled out the chair next to him and set her backpack on the floor. One point in his favor, Travis was on time, although he looked as if he'd rather be just about anyplace else than with her.

"Mr. Wilcox asked if I'd be willing to meet with you and-"

He stopped her. "Okay, I get it. I'm not good with numbers."

"Which is the reason Mr. Wilcox asked me to tutor you. He wants to see you graduate and asked if I'd be willing to work with you."

"I don't need your help."

"Mr. Wilcox says you're failing."

"Like I said, I'm no good with numbers."

"And like I said, that's the reason I'm here."

Travis snorted. "Why did Wilcox ask you?"

"Because I love math."

"Why'd you agree?"

That was the same question Amanda had been asking herself from the moment she'd walked in the door. "Would you rather someone else tutor you?" That was fine by her.

"Wilcox would probably just send some other brainy geek, so do what you want."

If he wanted to dish out insults, she had a few of her own. "A brainy geek is ten times better than an empty-headed jock who isn't smart enough to get into a lifeboat when a ship is ready to sink."

"Very funny."

Amanda stood and held up her hand. She didn't need this, no matter how popular Travis was. All she'd been looking to do was offer a helping hand. If graduating from high school and playing college football wasn't incentive enough, then nothing she said or did was going to change his mind.

"Children, children." Connor Leesburg came toward them with his hands on his h*ps and shaking his head. "There's no need to trade insults, is there?"

Staring at Travis, Amanda defensively crossed her arms.

Travis held her look with the same dark intensity.

"Lighten up, Travis," Connor said. "Otherwise, you'll end up like me, working in a coffeehouse for a pittance while you're saving up enough cash for a few college classes or trade school."

"So?"

"So you've got the talent to make it playing college football. If nothing else, think of all the chicks who'll want to be with you."

Amanda snickered.

"As for you," Connor said, turning his attention to her, "chuck the attitude."

"He started it." She wasn't sure what she'd expected from Travis, but it wasn't this.

"Let the guy have some pride," Connor interjected. "It isn't easy admitting he needs help. I heard you're going to be named valedictorian, right?"

She nodded.

"Congratulations, but loosen up a bit, will you?"

"What is that supposed to mean?" she demanded.

"It means exactly what I said. Travis doesn't want anyone to know he needs a math tutor. It's bad for his image. Why do you think he asked to meet you here rather than at school or the library?"

As much as Amanda didn't want to admit it, what Connor said made sense.

"Travis has athletic ability in spades. If you were on the football field and he was on the line protecting you, trust me, you'd feel differently. And if he had to teach you to throw a perfect spiral, think how you'd be feeling! It's nice of you to help him, but let go of the attitude."

"Do I have an attitude?" She directed the question to Travis.

He shrugged. "A little."

She wasn't the cheerleader type, nor had she been a member of the drill team. But no one could attend Cedar Cove High School and not know who Travis Kilroy was, and to be fair, she wasn't immune. Travis was popular and easy on the eyes. It went without saying that she'd never have a chance with him, and frankly, she wasn't sure she'd want one. No use fretting about it; Travis saw her as a geek. From the moment she walked into Java Joint, he'd made it plain that he viewed her as nothing more than a brain.

"This is much better," Connor said as he rubbed his palms together. "How about a latte on the house?"

"Sure," Travis agreed.

"Sure," Amanda echoed.

"Coming right up."

Before Connor even got back behind the counter, a tall, lanky man in a wet coat and jeans walked into Java Joint. "You kids happen to see a dog recently?" he asked.

"I've seen lots of dogs," Travis said.

"What kind of dog?" Amanda asked.

The man described Rover.

"Doesn't sound familiar, but I'll keep an eye out," Connor said.

"Take my name and phone number, and call me if you do," the man said. He walked over to Connor and handed him a card. "This is an important dog. He belongs to a friend of mine."

Connor looked down at the card. "I'll call if one shows up."

"I'd appreciate it."

And then he was gone. With that distraction over, Amanda turned back to Travis. "You ready to crack the code to the quadratic formula?" she asked, pulling out a chair and taking a seat.

Travis sighed. "I guess, but it's a waste of time as far as I'm concerned."

"Really?"

"Think about it, Amanda. How am I going to use the quadratic formula in my life?"

"That's an easy question. You're going to use it to pass algebra, graduate from high school, and get a scholarship to college. Is that answer enough?" she asked.

He smiled at her. He actually smiled. For a moment, it was all Amanda could do to look away. Thankfully, she caught herself in time and was instantly all business. "In that case, let's get started."

Connor delivered their lattes, and before long Amanda and Travis were sitting side by side with the algebra text open in front of them. She reviewed the formula and showed him a couple of tricks she'd used to remember how best to work it out. Soon their heads were close together.

"I don't get it," Travis murmured, clearly frustrated.

"You forgot a step," she said, doing her best to remain patient. She reviewed the formula again.

It took four tries before Travis figured it out. He looked to her when he finished. "Right?"

"Right. You got it." She offered him a congratulatory smile.

"How did you get so good at this stuff?"

"It comes naturally; it's just the way I think."

"In other words, you're the brains, I'm just the dumb jock."

"I didn't say that. Why are you so defensive? And what's with all this negative self-talk?"

He chose to ignore her questions and returned his attention to the textbook, refiguring the quadratic formula. Once again he came up with the correct answer.

The door to Java Joint opened, and in walked Hailey, another high school senior. She apparently didn't notice them, which was a good thing, and headed directly to the counter, where Connor waited to take her order. Amanda watched as Travis closed the text and slipped it back inside his backpack.

Hailey had her Almond Joy latte in hand before she saw the two of them. Right away her eyes widened. "Hey, Amanda, Travis. I didn't see you." She tried to hide her surprise but wasn't nearly good enough an actor to carry it off. She carried her drink over to their table.

"How's it going?" Amanda returned weakly.

"What are you doing?" Hailey asked, and seemed unable to hide her curiosity.

"We're just hangin'," Travis explained, his gaze shifting nervously between Amanda and Hailey.

It didn't escape Amanda's notice that being seen with her wasn't good for his image. Someone just might guess that he needed tutoring, and that definitely wouldn't be cool. What was that saying she'd heard-no good deed goes unpunished?

"Really. I didn't figure the two of you ... you know." Hailey left the rest unsaid, as if she was afraid she might have wandered into uncomfortable territory.

An unsettling silence followed that Amanda felt no obligation to fill. She'd let Hailey make all the assumptions she wanted.

Their classmate continued to study them, as if she wasn't sure what to think.

Coming out from behind the counter, Connor approached just as the silence was getting more than a little awkward. His gaze went from Amanda to Hailey. "Did you hear Hailey recently got hired at Rose Harbor Inn?" he asked in a blatant effort to change the subject.

"That's great, Hailey. Congratulations." Amanda needed a summer job herself, but prospects were few.

"It's just until I head off to college in the fall," Hailey clarified. "The lady from the library introduced us."

"Grace Harding?"

"Naturally, you'd know the librarian," Travis whispered under his breath to Amanda.

"Naturally," she repeated, unwilling to let him think he'd scored a point.

"As soon as Grace heard I was interested in majoring in hotel management, she contacted Jo Marie and arranged for an interview. It's not every day, but I'm learning a lot."

"Cool," Connor said.

"Speaking of which, I was headed up to Rose Harbor Inn now. See ya."

Amanda raised her hand. "See ya."

Travis waved farewell.

As soon as Hailey was out the door, she heard Travis heave a deep sigh. "You know what's going to happen, don't you?" The words were more accusation than question.

Amanda did know.

"By tomorrow morning, it will be all over school that you and I were sitting in a corner, cozying up with each other."

He made it sound like a disaster in the making.

"And that bothers you?" she asked, and then, before he could reply, she added, "You don't owe anyone an explanation, and for that matter, neither do I. Besides, you can make up an excuse-we just happened to run into each other or something."

His frown deepened. "You mean to say having gossip spread around the school about us won't bother you?"

"Should it?" she asked flippantly. "What about you? Will this ruin your chances with the nominees for prom queen?"

"What about you and Chad?"

Chad Mullin had been her date for the Valentine dance. The fact that Travis knew anything about the two of them surprised her. "What about Chad?" she asked, needing to know.

"I thought the two of you-"

"You thought wrong," she said, cutting him off.

Travis shook his head as if it was of little concern to him one way or the other. "Are we done here?" He was halfway out of his seat, eager to escape.

Unwilling now to drop the matter, Amanda asked, "Is gossip a problem on your end?"

He took a moment to answer. "I guess not. What you said about making up an excuse should work."

Amanda had no idea if he was dating anyone or not, and he had taken a risk letting Hailey make an assumption.

She'd barely touched her latte, so when she stood to leave, she reached for her backpack, slinging it over her shoulder, and grabbed hold of her drink. Travis seemed more than eager to leave. "When's the test?" she asked as they walked toward the door.

"Friday."

Travis hesitated and then nodded toward her as if to show his appreciation before stepping outside.

It was better than nothing, Amanda supposed, as she followed him.

Thankfully, it had stopped raining, and the sun was out. Large drops dripped off the roof and bounced against the pavement, causing a prism effect.

She was a couple steps behind Travis as she headed toward the parking area behind Java Joint.

"Are you following me?" Travis asked as he glanced over his shoulder.

"That's a pretty egotistical question. Why would I be following you?"

"Maybe to add to the gossip." Unsure how to answer, he apparently threw out the first thing that came to mind, which was ridiculous.

"Oh please." If she wasn't so irritated, she might have laughed. All in all, this tutoring session hadn't gone well. Amanda wasn't sure what she'd expected from Travis. Gratitude, perhaps. Or at least a little appreciation. Wrong again. She wasn't getting anything out of this other than the satisfaction of being able to help. Deep down, she'd expected more. Unfortunately, they were too far apart in the social ranks to connect, even as friends, and that disappointed her.

She was only a few feet away from her car when all at once a dog appeared and started barking, first at her and then at Travis. The animal wouldn't allow her to get near her car. Every time she stepped in that direction, the dog barked. It wasn't a threatening bark but more a warning bark.

"What's he trying to tell you?" Travis asked.

"I don't have a clue. Do you?"

"No."

Amanda tried again, and the dog's barking grew more frantic.

"You might as well give it up," Travis said.

"You think I should leave my car here and walk home?" As far as she was concerned, that was a ridiculous idea.

"No, give it time." He hesitated and then suggested, "Do you wanna hang out at the waterfront park? We could finish our lattes there."

"Aren't you worried about your reputation?" she asked, enjoying egging him on.

"I can live with it, if you can."

Amanda shrugged as if it wasn't a big deal. "I suppose I can, too."

As soon as they started toward the gazebo, the dog trotted off in the opposite direction. The sky had turned a South Sea shade of blue. This was actually turning out to be a great day, after all.

Chapter Three

Jo Marie's cell buzzed, and she grabbed it out of her purse, praying with all her heart that it was someone with news about Rover. She'd been out searching for hours and had lost heart that she would ever find him.

"Yes?" she said eagerly.

"Jo Marie, it's Olivia. Is everything all right? You don't sound like yourself."

"I'm not myself," she admitted, struggling to hold herself together. "Rover is missing."

"So I heard. Grace called and asked if I'd check with Hank Hampton over at Animal Control."

"Did you?" She hated to sound this anxious, but any word was better than the agony of not knowing. This limbo should be familiar. It brought back a far-too-familiar ache. Paul's body had yet to be recovered from the side of a mountain in Afghanistan. At the time his helicopter went down she'd been told the crash site was in an inaccessible area. Translated into civilian speak, that meant it was deep inside enemy-held territory. She'd been assured there were no survivors. Still, she couldn't help wondering if it was possible, if there was any way Paul might have come out of the horrific crash alive.

"I was able to talk to Hank," Olivia continued, breaking into Jo Marie's thoughts. "He's got the word out. If Rover is out and about, then I'm sure he'll be located soon."

"Thank you so much. I can't tell you what this means to me." Jo Marie knew she sounded pitifully appreciative, but she couldn't help it. She wasn't ready for this emotional roller coaster.

"Keep me updated, and don't worry, Rover will be found."

"Yes, of course," Jo Marie assured her. "And Olivia, thank you. If there's anything I can do for you in return, please don't hesitate to ask."

"This isn't about returning favors, Jo Marie," Olivia said. "It's about friendship and community."

Jo Marie was a woman who prided herself on keeping tight control of her emotions, but Olivia's kindness nearly choked her up.

"I'll let you know the moment I hear anything," Olivia promised.

"As will I," Jo Marie said.

"Everything will work out," Olivia reassured her. "Rover will find his way home."

"I pray you're right."

They ended the conversation, and although Rover was still missing, Jo Marie felt considerably better. Since moving to the small Puget Sound community of Cedar Cove, Jo Marie had been blessed beyond measure by the friends she'd made.

Peggy Beldon, another BandB owner, had been one of the first to extend a helping hand. Later, she'd met Grace, and through Grace, Olivia and of course Mark.

Her mind circled back to Mark. It hadn't escaped her notice that he couldn't seem to get away from her fast enough. As soon as he realized how upset and emotional she became, he hightailed it out of the inn. His reaction had been completely different from that of Grace and Olivia. He was probably sanding the cradle he was building. Sometimes Jo Marie was left to wonder if she would ever figure him out.

Getting to know Mark Taylor was like becoming friends with a porcupine, which went along with his prickly personality. She almost smiled at the analogy, realizing she didn't know enough about porcupines to realize what their redeeming quality was once you got past the bristles. Nor had she figured out why she found Mark compelling despite everything he did to make himself otherwise.

Thankfully, the rain had stopped, and after spending the last several hours wandering aimlessly around town in a fruitless search, Jo Marie reluctantly returned to the inn. As she walked up the steep hill leading to the inn she hoped and prayed she would find Rover curled up on the front porch, patiently awaiting her return.

When she arrived, her heart plummeted. Rover was nowhere to be seen.

After a dreary day, late that afternoon the rain had tapered off and the sun broke out over Puget Sound as Travis and Amanda walked side by side down the boardwalk that edged the waterfront.

"Our marine biology class was here last week, and we saw a starfish that I swear was about the size of a basketball," Travis commented, looking over the railing and into the water that gently lapped against the rocks below. "It had wrapped itself around a big rock. I could barely believe my eyes."

"Was it pink?"

"Pink? No, it was white."

Amanda had to be careful-she didn't want to intimidate him by rattling off a bunch of facts about local sea life, although she knew quite a bit. It was on the tip of her tongue to tell him starfish weren't the only species that grew to inordinately large sizes in Puget Sound. Octopuses did as well.

Travis leaned against the railing, focusing his attention across the water to the lighthouse in the far distance. "I didn't thank you for helping. I appreciate it, Amanda."

He was actually thanking her.

"You're welcome."

"The truth is, Hailey stopping by rattled me, and I might have given you the wrong impression with what I said. I didn't mean to do that."

He still hadn't looked at her. "What do you mean?"

He exhaled as if to say she wasn't making this any easier by asking all these questions. "Mainly that it wouldn't be that big a deal to me, for the two of us, you know ..." He let the rest fade.

"The two of us ..." she pried.

"You know, to be seen together."

Amanda moved closer to the railing and rested her arms across the top rung. "The truth is, I wouldn't mind it, either."

He glanced her way and smiled.

She smiled back.

"I knew who you were long before you were named valedictorian."

"Oh?" She wasn't sure how else to respond. Earlier, he'd mentioned her date for the Valentine dance, and that had surprised her.

"You play the flute, right?"

"Yeah."

"You were in band?"

"When I was a sophomore and junior. You weren't, though."

"No, but I play the guitar and was in the music room just before the band came in for practice."

Amanda searched her memory for any clue she remembered. It came back blank. She didn't recall ever seeing Travis in the music room. "Were we ever in any classes together?" she asked, but she doubted it.

"Junior high."

"No way." Amanda didn't believe it. She'd gone through twelve years of school in the Cedar Cove system, and she would have remembered Travis if he'd been in any of her classes.

"The end of seventh grade," he clarified. "My mom and I moved to Cedar Cove the last week of school after she got a job with the shipyard."

"You remember me from seventh grade?" Unbelievable.

Travis hesitated and then spoke so low she had to strain to hear him, and even then she wasn't sure she'd heard correctly.

"I'm sorry, I didn't hear that."

His gaze remained focused in the distance. "You were the first girl I ever noticed in Cedar Cove."

His admission stunned her to the point she was left speechless. It took a couple of seconds before she was able to find her voice. They passed in the halls, but he ran with a completely different crowd than she did. Furthermore, his lunch period didn't mesh with hers. Still, she was fairly certain that until that very afternoon Travis hadn't spoken a single word to her. "You've basically ignored me," she challenged.

"Well, duh, you're the class brain. I'm a jock."

"So?"

"Be honest. If I'd asked you out, would you have seriously considered going?"

Good question. "I ... I don't know."

He snorted softly. "At least you're honest."

She didn't want to give him the impression that she considered herself better than him. The only reason she might have hesitated was because she didn't know what to expect and could be a bit shy sometimes.

"I might now, though, after today."

His gaze bounced against hers and then returned to look out over the cove. His look had been so quick she didn't have a chance to read his expression.

She thought she detected a hint of a smile. "See what happens once you conquer the quadratic formula?"

He looked at her, and a frown created thick folds across his forehead. "What does that have to do with anything?"

"You're going to ask me out, right?"

"Maybe," he hedged.

"Figuring out that formula gave you a boost of confidence. Would you have even considered it if you hadn't cracked the code for the math equation?" Amanda was fairly certain she knew the answer.

"Probably not."

"I rest my case."

Travis chuckled. "So now you're a lawyer?"

"Maybe someday," she said, "but I'm leaving my options open."

"You sound like an attorney. One thing is sure, you can certainly argue a point."

"What about you?" she asked. "What are your plans for the future?"

"College football."

"What about after football?"

He shrugged. "I don't know yet."

"What are your interests, your passions?"

Travis looked away and laughed.

"Come on, I'm serious."

He took his time answering. "I play acoustic guitar. And I like graphic design."

A surprise. "If you could have any job in the world, what would it be?"

He turned around, leaning his elbows against the railing with his back to the cove. "You promise not to laugh?"

"Cross my heart."

"I'd like to attend the California Institute of the Arts."

Travis was such a completely different person than what she'd thought. It shocked her that she had been so blind to him, and probably to countless others as well. She skimmed over the surface, making assumptions about what she saw at first glance. If they hadn't been thrown together like this, she might never have known the hopes and dreams lying just below the surface.

He seemed to be waiting for her to comment.

"I think that's wonderful, Travis. I really do."

He responded with a shy smile, as if her words had pleased him.

"Now I have another question for you," she said.

"Okay." He seemed far more relaxed now.

Leaning against the railing, she watched as the Bremerton ferry sluggishly made its way toward the dock on the far side of the cove. "How come you were such a jerk when I first arrived?"

"Me? A jerk?" He slapped his hand across his chest as though shocked by the question.

"Yes, a jerk," she challenged.

He kicked at a pebble that skittered across the boardwalk. "I guess I should apologize for that."

"I don't want an apology, just an explanation."

He looked down as though he expected something to crawl out from beneath the walkway. "I hated the thought of you tutoring me."

"No kidding!" Still, that didn't explain why he'd greeted her as if she had the bubonic plague.

"I didn't want you to think I was stupid."

That made no sense. "So you'd rather I thought you were rude and arrogant?"

He exhaled with what seemed like regret. "Put that way, it makes me a first-class idiot, doesn't it?"

"Sort of," she murmured, "but I wasn't exactly the picture of graciousness, either."

"The thing is," Travis said a bit defensively, "you could have any guy you wanted."

Amanda couldn't keep from laughing. "This is a joke, right?"

He shook his head. "No, it's true."

"Despite what you might think, being smart doesn't exactly endear me to the boys in our class, or any other class, for that matter."

Travis frowned again. "Are you saying it's lonely at the top?"

"I'm not sure, but I can definitely tell you no one has shown any great interest in me."

"Say you could date any guy in history," Travis insisted.

"But I just told you-"

"Hypothetically," he insisted. "If you had your choice of anyone in the entire world, who would you want to go out with?"

Now he was really putting her on the spot, and it wasn't a comfortable place to be. "Anyone in the world?" she asked, pressing for time.

"Sure, why not, and no fair saying Abraham Lincoln or Channing Tatum."

"Okay, okay." At just that moment, her cell rang. Grateful for the interruption, Amanda reached inside her purse and retrieved it. Glancing at caller ID, she looked up at Travis. "It's my mom," she said, and answered. "Hi, Mom." She looked over at Travis and smiled.

"How'd the tutoring session go?" her mother asked.

"Great. I'm with Travis now. Mom, would you hold on a minute?" She needed to ask her mother something, and she didn't necessarily want Travis to hear what it was. "Give me a couple of minutes, okay?" she asked Travis.

"Sure, no problem."

Amanda walked over toward the gazebo and sat on a bottom seat of the bleachers just outside the structure. She spoke to her mother for a few minutes, and when she'd finished, she placed the cell back inside her purse.

Travis joined her, sitting on the bench beside her. "You get along with your mother?"

"Both my parents are great. What about you?"

Travis shrugged. "It's just Mom and me. She's tough, but in a good way. We've had our share of differences the last couple of years, but for the most part we're cool."

"That's good."

"You were about to answer my question," Travis reminded her. "Anyone you wanted to date-who would it be?"

"Hypothetically, right?"

"Right."

"This is one of those party-game questions, isn't it? Like if you could have dinner with someone from the past or present, who would you choose?"

"I guess. You can tell a lot about a person from how they answer."

"No doubt," she agreed. "Well, in thinking it over, I believe I've made my decision."

He leaned a bit closer.

"I think it would be you, Travis. I feel like I've gotten to know you this afternoon, and I'd like to know you better."

He shook his head. "I didn't ask because I was fishing for compliments."

"Yes, you did," she countered, "but that's all right, because I like you. I like your honesty and your vulnerability."

He frowned as if he wasn't sure he should believe her. "You're serious?"

Travis didn't say anything for a long time, and then he nodded. "I'd like it if we went out, too."

"Great."

Frowning, he looked across the gazebo. "Amanda?"

"Yeah."

"Isn't that the dog that was barking at us earlier?"

"Where?"

"There." He pointed to the gazebo, where a small dog rested on his haunches and looked across the area, pinning his gaze on Amanda and Travis.

Chapter Four

As soon as Amanda saw the dog, his eyes seemed to lock onto her. While it might sound a bit theatrical, he seemed to stare straight through her. Amanda wasn't sure what made her come to her feet. Before she knew it, she was off the bleachers and had bent down on one knee.

Right away the dog trotted over to her. Much friendlier now, he looked up at her and held her gaze for the longest moment. He seemed to be telling her something, but she had no idea what it might be. It was silly to think a dog was trying to give her a message. Silly and nonsensical, but she couldn't shake the feeling that he'd come to her with a purpose.

"Are you lost?" she asked as she ran her hand down his back. His short hair was thick and groomed, and he looked to be well fed. Clearly he had a good home.

"He isn't a stray," Travis said, kneeling down next to her. "My guess is that he belongs to someone at the marina."

That made sense. The Cedar Cove marina was just down the waterfront, close to the library and Java Joint, where they'd first seen him. Somehow the dog must have gotten locked out. Maybe his owner was on his boat and unaware.

Perhaps the dog was looking to her to take him home. "We should check around to be sure someone isn't looking for him," Amanda suggested.

"Good idea."

Walking side by side, Travis and Amanda headed in that direction. Sure enough, the dog followed, trotting along beside them as if he understood their plan. As they neared the library, Travis gradually slowed his steps.

Amanda looked over at him quizzically.

"Remember that guy?" he asked.

"What guy?"

"The one who came into Java Joint and spoke to us about a lost dog?"

Until that moment, the incident had completely slipped her mind. She'd been irritated with Travis and caught up in her own world and hadn't paid that close attention. The man had mentioned a lost dog. "Oh my goodness, you're right."

"And he said the dog was small, with short brown hair."

"Mixed breed, probably part terrier," she added.

"This could be that dog."

Travis was right. "Did you know the guy?"

Travis shook his head. "I've never seen him before. I don't remember him mentioning his name."

"He didn't, but he gave Connor a card with his phone number, remember?"

"Right."

By unspoken agreement, they headed back toward Java Joint, checking to make sure the dog followed. Sure enough, he trotted along, directly into the coffeehouse, as if it was his right.

Connor looked up and, seeing them, frowned. "Sorry, guys, no dogs allowed. It's a state law."

"We think this is the lost dog," Travis explained.

"Lost or not, he can't be inside." As he spoke, Connor looked pointedly toward the table by the window where Sheriff Troy Davis sat with the newspaper editor, Jack Griffin.

"Do you still have the name and phone number of the man who was in here earlier, looking for a lost dog?"

"I do." Connor opened the cash register and handed Travis the card. With that in hand, Amanda and Travis stepped outside.

Travis drew his cell phone out of his pocket and used his thumb to punch out the number.

Amanda knelt down on one knee to pet the dog. "I bet you're a good dog," she said, running her hand down the full length of his spine. Again, he stared at her with those dark, soulful eyes as though conveying a message meant solely for her. "I wish I knew what you're trying to tell me," she whispered.

Travis finished the call. "The man's name is Mark Taylor, and the dog belongs to a friend of his. He's on his way to collect him and take him home to his owner."

"Is he sure this is his friend's dog?"

"No, but it certainly sounds like him."

"What's the dog's name?" Amanda asked.

"Rover."

Right away, the dog twisted his head and looked up at Travis. "He seems to know his name. This is the missing dog, all right."

"He doesn't look lost to me," Amanda commented.

Just a few minutes later, a pickup truck rounded the corner and came to a stop in front of Java Joint, pulling into an angled parking slot. No sooner had the engine been turned off when the driver's-side door opened and the same lanky man they'd met earlier stepped around the front of the vehicle.

Without the least bit of hesitation, Rover trotted over to Mark.

"Worthless mutt," Mark said, glaring down at the dog. "I hope you realize what you've put Jo Marie through."

Rover lifted one foot, offering Mark his paw as if to apologize.

"Jo Marie might forgive you for running off, but I'm not that easy. Now get in the truck." He opened the passenger door, and Rover reluctantly walked toward the vehicle. Mark lifted him inside and closed the door.

"He seems like a special dog," Amanda said.

"Spoiled rotten is what he is," Mark muttered, frowning.

"My mom would say he's much loved," Amanda corrected.

"Whatever. All I can tell you is that I've spent a large portion of my day searching for this mutt when I had better things to do."

"But you're happy he's been found, right?" Travis said.

"Oh yes, sorry, I forgot." Mark reached into his rear pocket and pulled out his wallet. "Here's your reward."

"No need," Travis said, as he held up his hand in a stopping motion.

"It would be more accurate to say Rover found us," Amanda explained.

Mark looked from Travis to Amanda and then back again. "I was sincere about the reward."

Again, Travis held up his hand. "I appreciate the offer, but it isn't necessary."

Mark shrugged. "Your choice. Thank you both."

"You're welcome," Amanda told him.

With that, Mark climbed into his truck and drove off. Amanda watched him go and wondered if she'd have a chance to see Rover again. It was good to know that this special dog had someone who loved him.

"I better get home," Amanda said, sorry that their time together was at an end.

"Yeah, me, too," Travis chimed in. "Thanks for the help. I'm pretty sure I've got the hang of it."

"Do you want to meet tomorrow?" she asked, hoping he'd agree.

"Do we have to study?" Travis asked, holding her look. "I'm done searching for your X. He's gone, and I don't know Y."

Amanda laughed. "Meet for a latte, then? Same time, same place."

"Sounds good to me," he said.

They each took off in separate directions. Amanda had a warm, hopeful feeling that she'd be seeing a lot more of Travis in the coming weeks, and that suited her just fine.

Jo Marie made busywork around the inn. It was either do something to keep her hands and her mind occupied or slowly, surely, go insane fretting about Rover. She tried not to think of where he might be or why he'd left her.

Anytime she left the house without him, he gave her a look that suggested that he was afraid she was about to abandon him. He'd stare at her with those dark eyes of his, and it was all she could do not to apologize. Almost always, she paused to assure him she'd be back.

Rover hadn't afforded her the same courtesy, however. Instead, he'd simply disappeared, and from all evidence, he'd done so voluntarily. Dusting shelves, Jo Marie took time to carefully remove each knickknack and wipe down each shelf.

Someone knocked, but before she could get to the door, it opened. Even before she turned the corner, Jo Marie heard Rover's bark. It was just one bark, as if to announce he was back.

"Rover," she cried, dropping the dust rag.

He raced around the corner, skidding on the hardwood floor in his eagerness to reach her. Jo Marie fell to her knees, and Rover practically launched himself into her arms. He was licking her face and then yelping before he stretched his neck toward the ceiling and released a howl.

It wasn't until she saw Mark's boots that she realized he was the one who'd brought Rover home.

"You found him." Her heart softened with gratitude.

"Not me," he said, hands buried deep in his jeans pockets. "A couple of teenagers. They said he basically found them. They were at Java Joint."

"What in the name of heaven was he doing there?"

"How would I know?" Mark countered with a question of his own.

"I walked all along the waterfront," she said, sitting back on her haunches, Rover in her lap. "I looked all over that area and there was no sign of him anywhere."

"Does it matter? He's home now."

Mark was right. She nodded. "Home, and that's where he belongs. Thank you. Thank you so much."

"No need. It was those kids who found him."

"I'd like to give them a reward."

"I tried. They weren't interested. Nice kids."

Jo Marie looked down at her precious pet. "You won't be running away again," she insisted. "Understood?"

Rover held her look and seemed to be thoroughly chastised.

"I suppose you're going to want me to install one of those invisible fences?" Mark made it sound as if she were about to burden him with yet another project.

"I'd rather you saw to my rose garden first. If Rover takes off again, we can discuss the invisible fence."

"Why wait? Do you want to go through another day like this one?"

"No." That was for sure.

"What makes you think he won't decide to disappear a second time?"

Jo Marie wasn't sure, but she suddenly had a sneaking suspicion that Rover had been on an undertaking of his own. Once he'd completed his mission, he would have returned of his own accord. Naturally, that was only speculation on her part.

"Thank you, Mark."

He shrugged as if bringing Rover back to her was just a little thing. She'd misjudged the handyman. True, he hadn't been able to handle her emotional breakdown, but he'd done what he could. Unable to deal with her feelings, he'd taken action.

"What can I do to thank you?" she asked. With anyone else, that might be a leading question. Not Mark.

He shrugged. "I wouldn't object to a few more of those peanut-butter cookies you baked this morning."

Ah, she should have known. "You can take the entire batch home with you." He deserved every one of those cookies.

His eyes widened appreciatively. "The whole batch? I guess I could take them off your hands."

How like him to make it sound as if he was doing her a favor. "Great." She climbed up from the floor and went into the kitchen and loaded up the cookies into sealed bags. As she worked, she heard Mark talking to Rover.

"I hope you know you're nothing but a damn nuisance."

"Mark," she warned

"I was talking to the dog."

"I know. You might consider Rover a nuisance, but I don't."

"Maybe you should."

"Do you want these cookies or not?" she threatened as she joined him in the front parlor room.

He went silent as his gaze rested on the filled plastic bags. He seemed to be debating his answer before he finally murmured, "Like I said, I'll take them off your hands."

"That's what I thought."

Mark left as soon as she handed over the cookies, and Rover, who appeared exhausted, curled up and went to sleep on the rug in front of the refrigerator. It was one of his favorite spots for napping.

Jo Marie poured herself a cup of coffee and sat down at her small desk, reaching for the phone to call the library to let Grace know her news. After a few minutes, Grace came on the line, her voice anxious.

"Jo Marie, did you find Rover?"

"Mark Taylor did."

"Oh, thank heaven. I couldn't stop thinking about you all afternoon. I know how I'd feel if Beau turned up missing."

"Rover is home, napping. I can't imagine what made him take off like that. He's never done anything like this before. But I think ..." She hesitated, wishing now she hadn't said anything.

"Think what?" Grace pressed.

"That Rover had a task in mind, someone he wanted to meet. Does that sound a little crazy?"

"Not at all. Animals have highly developed intuition. Look at the way the two of you bonded, almost from the instant you saw him."

Jo Marie had gone to the shelter at Grace's suggestion and had assumed she wanted a large dog, a protector. Instead she'd come home with Rover, this pint-sized canine who'd chosen her.

"I promised to let both you and Olivia know if Rover was located, so I better give her a call."

As soon as she hung up, Jo Marie contacted the family court judge. Olivia answered on the first ring.

"Rover is home."

"That's wonderful," Olivia said, and sounded genuinely pleased.

"I can't thank you enough for all your help."

"No problem, Jo Marie. We all know how important our pets are to each one of us."

Remembering what Olivia had said about friendship, Jo Marie said, "If you have time this afternoon, come over with Grace for a glass of wine to celebrate."

"You're on. I'll give Grace a call, and we'll meet at the inn. I'll bring the wine."

"Perfect. I'll set out a few munchies."

By the time Olivia and Grace arrived, Jo Marie had a platter set up with cheese and crackers and a bowl of nuts. The three gathered in the parlor by the fireplace. A gentle fire flickered from the grate as gray thunderclouds once again darkened the early-evening sky.

Jo Marie raised her glass of wine for a toast. "To those of us who are lost and then found," she said. The Rose Harbor Inn and Cedar Cove had become that for her. After losing Paul, she'd been lost, and she'd found a safe harbor here in this welcoming community.

They each tasted the wine. It was an excellent merlot.

"To friendship," Jo Marie added.

"To friendship," Olivia and Grace echoed.

"We'll have to do this again," Jo Marie suggested. "Perhaps in a few weeks we'll be able to sit on the porch and look out over the rose garden and gazebo."

"It's sure to be beautiful," Olivia added.

"Rose Harbor in bloom," Grace whispered. "I can hardly wait."

