Chapter One

She'd been stood up. Unbelievable.

Fern Morgan checked her watch, a thin gold affair that always ended up with the face on the underside of her wrist, and wrinkled her nose. Yup, forty minutes late and no message. Greg had stood her up. Great. No doubt he'd had a better offer. Story of her life. Her love life wasn't just DOA, it had been MIA for at least the last couple of years.

Checking out the level in her glass, she abandoned any pretence of being a lady and downed the drink in one swallow. She grimaced. Wine had never been her favorite. Since it seemed her date wasn't going to show his face, the next round would be whatever the hell she wanted.

"Vodka and lime," she ordered when she had the bartender's attention, ignoring his pitying look at the fact that she was still alone. He'd probably seen it all, so there was no point bluffing. A woman didn't sit at a bar-on her own-for almost an hour for kicks and giggles, not a high class one like this. No, this was date territory, a venue classy enough to make that all-important first impression. Which meant the decor was first class, as were the prices of the drinks.

Greg had picked it. Bastard.

"Vodka for the lady." The bartender slid the glass in front of her, the ice inside clinking together as it stopped. "Can I get you anything else?"

Sensing he wanted to hang around and chat, she shook her head. After a long week at work, and the disappointed anticipation of a not-date with Greg from Acquisitions, she wasn't in the mood. All she wanted to do was commune with her drink, get happily buzzed, and head on home to seek consolation in the tub of ice-cream she kept on reserve at the back of the freezer.

Looking up after the bartender moved off, she caught sight of herself in the mirror behind the bar. The wrong side of thirty, her shift-dress covered a figure with a few more curves than she would have liked. Whatever she did, no amount of sweating it out in the gym or starving herself would get those last few stubborn pounds to move, so she'd given up.

Her hair was short and sleek, a neat bob that framed her face, the dark color natural. Thank God. She couldn't do the whole once a month ordeal some women at the office went through to stay blonde, or black, or whatever color they'd decided they wanted to be.

Her face was made up, but in the subtle style she preferred. A slick of lippy, a quick flick of eyeliner a la Audrey Hepburn, some mascara, and she was done. No false lashes here, thank you very much. She'd tried them once, and ended up with the bloody things stuck to her cheek like damn caterpillars. Never again.

Bored with her reflection-after all, it was nothing new-she took a healthy sip of her drink and savoured the burn as it went down. Damn, that was good vodka. No watering down here, that was for sure, which was a bloody good job with these prices. She cast a baleful look at the wine list by her elbow. She earned good money, but these prices were ludicrous.

The door at the front of the bar crashed open, and loud male voices announced the arrival of a large group. The bar staff froze for a second before the one nearest to her, the one who had tried to engage her in conversation, groaned.

"Great, the Sharks. Molly, I'm heading out on my break." And with that he was gone, leaving the girl at the other end of the bar shooting a glare full of daggers after him.

Fern studied the chaos at the front of the bar through the mirror. The Strathstow Sharks were famous for their abilities on the pitch, the favoured sons of the town when they'd stormed to victory in the premiership and won the cup, and infamous for their somewhat exuberant nights out in the local bars. They were loud, brash, and could be a pain in the backside when celebrating.

If she'd know they were playing today, she might have thought twice about coming out tonight-date with Greg or not. A night in might have worked a lot better. Couple of vodkas and a chance to scratch the itch that had been bugging her for months... Christ, she couldn't remember the last time she'd had sex. Long days at work and exhaustion had limited her options for meeting prospective partners. Thank God for vibrators. Without them, she'd have gone nuts.

The crowd moved closer to the bar, filling the empty space next to her as they all tried shouting their orders to the poor, harassed-looking Molly all at the same time. Fern huffed and shook her head, burying her nose back into her glass. When would they learn that they'd get their drinks quicker if they organised themselves, and one person ordered?

"SHUT THE HELL UP!"

A voice roared above the melee, and silence fell. Interested, she looked over as a man fought his way to the front of the group. Like the rest, he was suited and booted, but in his case, the smart jacket barely contained a powerful physique. Shorter than the rest, he had a set of shoulders on him as big as a barn, and a vicious bruise decorated one cheekbone.

Despite that, it was obvious he was the man in charge. Quickly, he collected orders and relayed them to Molly behind the bar in a low voice Fern couldn't make out over the baying of the others as they pushed and jostled.

Shaking her head, she took another swallow from her drink and tried to ignore them. As soon as she was done, she was out of here in search of a tub of Ben and Jerry's and a DVD. Something with explosions and car chases should do it...

*

Tom Sexton took his drink with a sigh of relief and turned to check that the rest of the lads were settled. He loved nights out with the squad, especially after a tough game like today, but it could be bloody hard work at times. On the pitch, they worked like a well-oiled machine, chewing up and spitting out any team that dared oppose them, but off it and out on the town, it was like herding ferrets-ones with ADHD and Tourette's.

But miracle of miracles, now that they all had a pint or other libation of choice in hand, they appeared to be behaving. Casting an experienced eye over the known trouble-makers to ensure they were all well apart, Tom allowed himself to relax a little and took a drink.

The aged bourbon left a trail of fire as it slid down to his stomach. He sucked a breath in around it. Good stuff. Proper whiskey, just as he liked it, which was the reason that he'd insisted they come here. Some of the lads picked right dives, which was alright if you were into cheap beer and cheaper women.

Talking of women, his gaze slid past the two blondes Carson was trying to chat up, and to the brunette at the end of the bar. Petite, the figure under the black dress full of the sort of curves he preferred. Even now, he itched to run his hands along her waist and out over the cello curve of her hips. A shudder of heat rolled through him as he surveyed her over the rim of his glass, plotting his approach.

Despite his appearance, and he was the first to admit that stuffed into this bloody jacket, his broad shoulders and heavy chest gave him the appearance of a thug, he was a thinker. The first to spot and call plays on the pitch, he directed the front row with the ruthlessness of a war-general, smashing the opposition's defence and creating opportunities for the back row to storm to victory. And any victory, on or off the pitch, depended on the right approach.

His quarry turned on the stool, the turn of a slender ankle captivating him for a heartbeat before he realised she'd gathered her bag and was preparing to leave.

Oh, no sweetheart, we're not having any of that. I haven't gotten to know you yet. And I intend to get to know you a lot better. Like the Shark he wore on his shirt, he slid through the group around him and cut off her retreat before she'd taken a step away from the stool.

"Hey."

She stumbled mid-step and trod on his toe, obviously not expecting anyone to be so close. "Oh! Sorry, I didn't see you there."

A hint of perfume reached his nose, delicate and haunting. He'd thought she'd be pretty. He was wrong.

She was stunning.

Dark eyes tilted up at the corners, cat-like, set over a button nose and a pair of bee-stung lips that looked kissable soft. Unlike the hanger-ons crowding the bar, she wasn't plastered in makeup, her natural beauty drawing him like a moth to the flame. A cap of dark hair framed her face. His fingers itched to reach out, touch it to see if it was as silky as it looked, and to run through it, gripping it as he angled her head so he could claim her lips.

Her hair fell forward, covering her face as she looked down at his foot, and bouncing back as she glanced back up at him.

"I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to trample you. I didn't hurt you, did I?"

If she hadn't looked so worried, he might have laughed at the idea a little thing like her could have hurt him. Hell, she could run over him in full studs, and it wouldn't bother him, not after the rest of the elephants on the team tried it in training regularly. With her, it would just be kinky.

He smiled. His best, panty-remover, charming smile. "Well, that depends."

The delicate arch of her eyebrow rose, her lips pursing a little in a way that fascinated him. "Depends? On what?"

Her questions were blunt and direct, without a hint of a giggle or other coyness he was used to when dealing with women on a night out. As he'd thought as soon as he saw her, she was cut from a different cloth to the normal class of women who pursued the Sharks. Then again, that might be because she wasn't chasing him, he was chasing her. And with every second, he was growing more determined to catch her.

"On whether or not you let me get you another." He flicked a glance to the empty glass behind her and dropped his voice, risking a small move closer. "You'd be doing me a big favor. Half this lot wants to talk about cars, and the other half just wants to chat up women. I'm dying for some intelligent conversation here."

Triumph hit him when she smiled and nodded. "Hmm, okay. I guess I have time for one more drink."

"Thank you. You've saved me from insanity, seriously. I'm Tom. I'm with the Sharks, but I guess you already knew that," he said, and kicked himself. So much for Mr. Cool. "I'm babbling, aren't I?"

She chuckled, a dirty little sound that hit him right in the groin, and nodded. "Maybe a little. I'm Fern. Pleased to meet you, Tom."

"Likewise." He turned her back to the bar with a gentle hand on her waist, angling his body to cut off the rest of the squad's view. He wasn't normally so anti-social, but he didn't want to share her with anyone. With a quick gesture, he signalled the girl behind the bar to bring more drinks. "Fern. A pretty name for a pretty lady."

"Smooth talker." Despite her come-back, a faint flush rose on her cheeks, proving she wasn't immune to his compliments. "I didn't hurt your foot, did I?"

He slid her a sideways glance and winked. "Would I lie about something like that? It's throbbing something fierce."

Throbbing-like something else. Keeping a smile on his face, he tried to clamp down his body's reaction, but her perfume winding around him and the curve under his hand stopped it. He was as stiff as a f**king goalpost and so ready for action that if they were alone right now, he'd have that dress off and her under him in a heartbeat.

"Yeah, sure it does. Next, you'll be asking me to rub it better."

Fuck me. His mind on a different track, he almost spat the mouthful he'd just taken across the bar, managing to swallow at the last moment and half choking himself in the process.

She grinned as he coughed and spluttered, offering him a napkin, the light in her eyes proving she knew exactly what he'd been thinking.

"Saucy witch," he muttered, wiping his mouth and looking at her with a keener gaze. Oh, this one was much more intelligent than the usual bimbos who crowded around the team. With a thrill, he realised he'd have to step up his game.

"Witch is it? Be careful or I'll put a spell on you." Her tone was light and flirtatious as she picked up her glass and took a sip.

"Sweet thing, you can put a spell on me any time you want."

He moved closer, sliding his hand around her waist until he could feel the heat of her body beating against his through their clothes. She didn't argue, just watched him over the rim of her glass. Emboldened, he stroked his thumb against the curve there, a soft caress but one that signaled his interest.

She made a show of looking around at the rest of the bar. The fact that she had to rise on tip-toe to look over his shoulder fed his male ego. Not as tall as the rest of the squad, his lack of height didn't bother him, but she was so tiny that he felt huge next to her. He'd have to be careful not to hurt her.

And just like that his mind headed for the gutter again, feeding him images of the two of them locked in passion, her slender figure spread out nak*d beneath him, over him, in front of him...

"Oh no, I couldn't possibly cast a spell in here. Too many people."

No f**king way. She did not just hand him an opportunity like that. Startled, he looked at her. Her chin was tilted up, set in a defiant line, and she watched him, an expectant look in her eyes.

Shit. She had. She knew exactly what she'd just said.

"Well. We could go somewhere more..." he lowered his voice and tugged on her waist until she was flush against him. Her lips parted in surprise as their h*ps met, his c*ck hard in the prison of his pants and more than ready for action. "Private. If you'd like."

He waited, giving her the chance to back out. To step away, smile and make her excuses. He was no oil painting, and he knew it, but he had more than enough stamina to give her the best night of her life. Hell, with how horny he felt right now, the best week of her life, if he could persuade her to stay nak*d in his bed that long.

She swallowed, the confident mask slipping and granting him a glimpse of the woman beneath. A small tremor rolled through her body, and his heart softened. She was nervous. Why, looking the way she did, he had no clue, but she was.

Slow so as not to scare her off, he tucked a finger under her chin and lifted it. He bent his head, senses on alert for the first sign of tension in her body, and brushed his lips over hers. They were soft, sweet, and oh-so enticing.

Schooling the groan that wanted to break loose from his throat, he kissed her again. One kiss, two. Slow. Innocent. He kept things light, although all he wanted to do was crowd her back against the bar and kiss her to within an inch of her life. Lifting his head before the temptation grew too great, he looked down.

The dazed, sultry look on her face nearly did him in then and there. His c*ck jerked savagely, a wave of possessiveness washing over him so complete that he almost staggered under the force of it. He leaned down to whisper into her ear. "Say something now, or I'm going to take you home and screw you senseless."

Chapter Two

What the hell was she doing? Fern fell silent as Tom took her hand and led her from the bar. He stopped for a second to talk with another man, one built like a small mountain. She couldn't do more than offer the guy a tight-lipped smile, heat burning into her cheeks like napalm.

It had to be obvious what they were up to. God, how embarrassing. Before she could chicken out though, Tom led her out of the bar. She shivered as the night air hit her, her thin dress scant protection again the cold.

"Here, let me."

He shucked his jacket and draped it over her shoulders. Warmth and the scent of his cologne, sharp citrus and sandalwood, surrounded her. She breathed a sigh of pleasure but frowned, starting to shrug out of it. "But you'll get cold. Take it back."

"Cold? This? This is mild compared to what we train in."

He wrapped the jacket about her with a tight grip on the lapels. Leaning down, he kissed her again. A lingering kiss that was over too soon. Her lips tingled as he lifted his head, and she couldn't help a pout of frustration.

He rumbled, a low sound of amusement from deep in his broad chest. "Soon, I promise. Riggs is calling us a cab, but it'll take a couple of minutes to get here so how about you come over here and keep me warm."

Keeping his grip on the jacket, he walked backward until he leaned against the wall, pulling her closer. She stepped between his spread thighs, hands splayed over his chest for balance, but he carried on tugging her until she rested against his hard body. She bit her lip at the leashed power in his frame, the muscles beneath her hands corded and tense.

She'd never considered herself the delicate type of female, apt to swoon at the mere presence of a man, but wrapped in his arms, she felt tiny and feminine. He surrounded her, his body language both protective and possessive.

He held her close, one hand sliding to the nape of her neck while the other slid down the length of her back to cup her ass in a bold move. She gasped as he pulled her flush with his h*ps again, his interest pressing hard into her belly. Sparks of arousal fizzed through her veins, tingling along every inch of her skin and settling low in her abdomen. An achy, nervous feeling as though a thousand hyper-active butterflies took up residence.

His lips curved towards a smile as he looked down at her, still taller even though he was in a slight squat against the wall. She liked that, liked that he was so tall and powerful. The light in his blue eyes was warm, with a hint of darkness lurking behind them. A heated darkness she wanted to see much more of.

He bent his head, nudging at her nose with his, more a nuzzle than anything, before he claimed her lips. Again, he was soft and gentle, but the tension in the musles beneath her hands told a different story. He was holding back, and she didn't want that. She wanted all that power unleashed. Wanted to feel it, taste it.

So she moved in, pressing against his h*ps with hers to trap his hard c*ck between them. Sliding her hands up to his shoulders, she kissed him back, angling her head and parting her lips in invitation.

He growled, a low sound deep in the center of his chest that she more felt than heard. His fingers tightened, gripping the rounded globe of her ass as he took her up on her offer. His tongue slid past her lips to stroke along hers, and she became a victim of her own plot.

Pleasure and anticipation rolled through her in equal measures as he lazily kissed her. He didn't push, didn't touch her up or grope, just kissed her, as though she was the only woman in existence. Gently, as he learned the shape of her lips and thoroughly, as though he were committing them to memory. She could get used to this, the way he held her and kissed her tapping into something deep within her.

Her breath caught when he pulled back, teeth grazing against the full curve of her lower lip. Her hands became claws to mangle the collar of his shirt. She moaned in frustration when he pulled away and tried to drag him back.

He rumbled in amusement, dropped a quick kiss on her upturned lips, and stood straight. "Shh, it's okay. Just the cab. Come on, before you get too cold."

There was fat chance of that, she mused as he led her across to the cab parked at the curbside, his arm firm around her waist. Which was a good thing, since her legs didn't appear to be working at the moment. Not due to the alcohol. Anticipation and the cold air had burnt that out of her system as soon as they'd left the bar.

No, it was all him and his soft approach. It was so different to what she'd expected of him, of a rugby player, and was so sexy and seductive that she was hooked. Totally and utterly hooked.

She didn't catch the address he gave when they were settled into the back of the cab, but she wasn't worried. The whole bar had seen them leave, and it wasn't like he was hard to identify, not built the way he was. Besides, she felt safe with him, a knowledge that arrived from nowhere but a gut feeling she trusted. There was something about his manner, the way he looked at her and touched her that told her he would protect her with his life if need be.

Leaning back as the car pulled off, he pulled her back into his arms. She went happily, settling into his side, her head pillowed by his muscled arm.

"You warm enough?" He leaned into her, keeping his voice low. His warm breath whispered against her ear, and she nodded, feeling like she was caught up in a little cocoon that contained just the two of them.

The journey passed in silence. Not a comfortable one, but one super-charged with awareness. His thumb stroked down her arm, the pressure felt even through the layers of his jacket, and he reached out with his free hand to capture hers.

Half turned on the seat, he surrounded her, his broad shoulders blocking her view out of his side, but he didn't kiss her, not on the mouth. His lips grazed her temple in small caresses that kept her blood simmering. What would he be like in bed? Soft and gentle? Slow but determined? A shiver hit her as her p**sy clenched hard in anticipation.

The car turned left into a residential street, and pulled up outside an apartment block set a little way back off the road.

"Just a minute, mate."

He moved his fingers under her chin to make her look up at him. Restrained heat and control swirled in his eyes, the light color reflecting the street lamps outside.

"Last chance, Fern. I can have the guy take you home now." His lips quirked. "As long as you give me your number, because I'd really like to see you again. Or you can come in."

She bit her lip for a second, trying to calm the shiver that held her body in its thrall. "And if I do?" Would he still want to see her after?

Triumph flared in his eyes, followed by a heat so intense her ovaries threatened to spontaneously combust.

"Then you're all mine."

*

The wait as Fern made her mind up all but killed Tom. Somehow he managed not to kiss her until she agreed to anything he wanted. Given her responses to him outside the bar, he knew he could. Easy. Just the thought of kissing her again had his c*ck pulsing, and his balls pulled up tight. God, what was he going to do if she said she wanted to go home?

He'd let her go, even if the very thought had all his instincts demanding that he haul her out of the car, throw her over his shoulder, and carry her off so he could make her his. Not the actions of a civilised man, but around her, he didn't feel civilised at all. He felt barbaric. She was his. Even if he had to woo her over weeks...months...he would get her into his bed. But he'd have the worst case of blue balls ever, if she decided to go home now.

"Okay."

There it was, that one little word. His breath punched out of his chest in a rush, relief making him light-headed for a second. She wanted to come in. Thank f**k for that.

Planting a quick, hard kiss on her lips, all he would allow himself, he turned toward the driver and handed him a twenty. "Thanks, mate. Keep the change."

He shoved the door open and helped her from the car as quickly as he could without yanking her out. The cab pulled off, and he breathed a little easier. She couldn't change her mind now. He had her...would have her.

A small hand slid into his, and he looked down. She smiled up at him, face pale in the street lights. "You looked so fierce then, I thought you were about to throw me over your shoulder and carry me off to your cave."

The words were light and joking, but made him pause. What was she, some kind of mind-reader?

"Believe me, where you're concerned, I've been having some very primitive thoughts."

Tightening his grip around her hand, he headed for the front door to his apartment block. There were just four units, and he'd never been so glad as he was now that he had a ground-floor apartment. There was no way he'd have been able to stand in an elevator with her without stripping her clothes off and taking her right there against the wall. His control wasn't that good. Hell, around her, it was completely f**king shredded.

"Really now?" She trotted to keep up with him as he turned right and headed down the corridor to his place. "Dare I ask what sort of primitive thoughts?"

Lord, give him strength.

Reaching his front door, Tom stopped, but instead of reaching into his pocket for his keys, he turned, yanking on her hand so that she ended up in his arms. She gasped at the sudden move, the look in her eyes pushing his control as he eased her back against the wall.

Unlike outside the bar, he pressed into her, using the weight and strength in his body to hold her, one hand at her waist and the other braced above her head. His lips crashed down on hers, and he kissed her as he'd wanted to earlier. Long and deep, until she writhed and moaned against him.

After long moments, he lifted his head. "Does that answer your question?"

Wide-eyed, the expression on her face sexily dazed, she nodded. She bit her lip, pulling the lush lower curve into her mouth as though tasting his kiss. He groaned.

"Holy hell, Fern. Don't do that or we won't get inside."

Putting distance between them, he fumbled in his pocket for his keys. His hand shook as he shoved the right one home and twisted. The door opened, and he somehow managed to remove the key without breaking it off in the lock. Stepping back, he let her walk past him before he shut the door.

Come into my parlor, said the spider to the fly.

Not switching the lights on, he followed her into the main room, flooded with moonlight from the open curtains. She stopped in the middle of the floor, not looking around. Her head was tilted to the side as he came up behind her, tracking his movements-waiting for him.

Cupping her arms, he slid his hands down until he encircled her wrists in his fingers. So delicate and tiny, he could break her if he wasn't careful. A shiver whispered over her skin, but she didn't move away. She stepped back until her back met his chest.

He let go of her wrists and stroked both hands up her arms, the differences arousing him further. She was all soft curves and satin skin compared to his bulk and muscle. Leaning down, he pulled her hair to the side and pressed a kiss to her throat. The scent of her perfume was stronger here, warmed by her skin, and her pulse fluttered beneath.

"Do you want a drink?" He asked, trailing a line of kisses up her neck to just behind her ear. It was unfair, and he knew it was. He was a bad host, but now that he had her here, he couldn't stop touching her.

"No." She gave a tiny shake of her head, and then tilted it to the side, resting against the swell of his shoulder and biceps to give him access to the delicate length of her neck. "No drink."

Thank fuck. He'd have spilled boiling water over himself if he'd tried something as advanced as making a hot drink. Alcohol would have been easier, but she was already tipsy. He didn't want her drunk. He wanted her awake and aware when he made her his.

"I hoped you'd say that."

Turning her in his arms, he took her bag from her hands, tossed it onto the sofa, and lifted her into his arms.

She squeaked and clung to his shoulders. "Tom, put me down. I'm way too heavy!"

Chuckling, he shook his head and headed toward the bedroom. "Little thing like you? Don't be ridiculous. You've seen the other guys on the team. I throw them about daily. You're nothing."

Shouldering the door open, he stepped into his bedroom, thanking any gods that were listening that he'd changed the linen this morning. Fresh, crisp sheets adorned the bed, the duvet pulled down in invitation. He came to a stop next to it.

"Shoes off, love."

Her eyes were dark as she did as he asked, toeing one off and then the other. She wasn't wearing pantyhose, her legs bare against his arm where he clasped her under her knees. Good. Pantyhose were the least sexy thing he could think of. While he had her pegged as a stockings type of girl, the less wrapping he had to take off her, the better.

"You're beautiful. How did I get so lucky?"

He slid her down the front of his body, feeling every curve and hollow, until the luscious curve of her br**sts mashed against the solid expanse of his chest. Her fingers threaded through the hair on the back of his neck, her entire body pressed against him. He closed his eyes for a second as a shudder rolled through him.

The brush of her fingers on his cheek made him look at her. Her lips were pursed in concern as she examined the injury there. Truth be told, he'd forgotten about it.

"Poor wounded warrior. You must get really beat up on the pitch," she said, reaching up on tiptoe to press a kiss to his cheek. He intercepted the next one, her sweet lips landing on his again.

The taste of her exploded on his tongue when he parted her lips and drove inside. Her hands stroked over his shoulders, and played with the buttons on his shirt. Her fingertips dipped under the fabric to brush against his chest in maddening little brushes. He growled against her lips, feeling his control beginning to slip. When he couldn't take anymore, he moved, capturing her hands in one of his.

"My turn to touch."

It had to be, or this was going to be the quickest f**k she'd ever had, and he didn't want that. He wanted to drag it out, go slow and savour the experience. He had one chance to make a first impression with her, and he was determined to make it a good one, to make sure that he was the standard by which she measured all other men by from this day forwards.

Biting back the surge of jealous anger at the thought of her with someone else, he located the zipper at her spine and pulled the tab down. It gave with a rasp, the sound a low whisper in the room. He watched her as he pulled it all the way, noting the changes in her eyes. The growing heat and darkness. The tiny hitch in her breathing. Her gaze dropped to his lips, her own parting.

"Do you know what you do to me, looking like that?" He had no idea what he was saying. He was talking shit but didn't care. She was gorgeous, and he had no idea what she saw in an ugly son of a bitch like him, but he wasn't going to argue. No way, no how.

With shaking fingers, he peeled her dress from her shoulders and let it fall to the ground until she was left standing in front of him in her underwear. Stunned, he just looked at her. Beauty, brains and a body like that?

He'd hit the f**king jackpot.

Chapter Three

Oh my god. She'd forgotten how nerve-racking letting a guy see her body for the first time could be. Biting her lip, Fern fought the urge to cover herself with her hands as she stood in front of Tom. She wasn't in the worst shape, but not the best either, so the thought of him seeing her wobbly bits brought instant heat to her cheeks. Unable to stand it anymore, she spread her hands to cover up.

"No. I want to see you."

He moved like lightning, grasping her hands and holding them out to the side. His face had been in shadow before, but the movement brought him into the dim light offered by the blinds at the window. Desire tightened his features, heat and a wicked darkness in his eyes that made her shiver.

He stepped back, into shadow again, but she could still feel his eyes on her, noting everything about her appearance. She felt like some medieval servant girl brought in to pleasure her lord. Biting her lip again, she jumped when he growled at her. An honest-to-goodness primal male growl.

"Do that again..." he warned, letting go of her wrists to start unbuttoning his shirt. It was her turn to be captivated, her attention riveted on each piece of skin revealed to her. He was perfection itself. And hers...for tonight anyway. She wouldn't let herself think beyond that.

"On the bed, slowly."

Backing up, her knees hit the edge of the mattress, and she scooted backward, unable to look away. He reached the last button and stripped the shirt off. She swallowed. He was huge, his broad shoulders and wide chest packed with muscles. Muscles on muscles, all under smooth skin. A smattering of hair peppered his chest. More than she was used to seeing, but not too much. She itched to touch, still sitting up and fighting the urge to reach out.

"Lie down," he ordered softly as his hands went for his belt. "I want to see you spread over my bed."

Where he would take her, that hard powerful body moving over and within hers... She swallowed, her throat dry, and lay back as requested. She didn't even worry about laying seductively, the strip-tease going on right in front of her fried her brain cells.

She couldn't look away as he undid the belt, not sliding it free to draw it out and tease her, just leaving it hanging loose as he unzipped the dress pants. He wasn't commando. The breath she hadn't realised she held escaped her lungs in a rush as he pushed the pants down, shucking his shoes and socks off in the same movement. A guy taking his pants off wasn't a sexy sight, and to his credit, he didn't even try, just dumping the clothing and approaching the bed.

He wore tight cotton boxers, black ones, but even in the low light filtering through the blinds she could see the thick bar of his c*ck pressing against the fabric. Heat and doubt hit her at the same moment. He looked way bigger than he'd felt when she was pressed against him, and it had been a long time since she'd done this.

The mattress dipped next to her, and he pulled her back into his arms. She went eagerly and nestled against his larger body as he wrapped her in his embrace. A wash of heat hit her as skin slid over skin. She tilted her chin up, seeking his kiss again. She wasn't an innocent, but she'd never felt as delicate and feminine as she did in his arms. Safe and secure. Protected and desired all at once. It was a heady feeling.

His lips feathered over hers, the illusion of softness fleeting as he parted her lips with a decisive sweep of his tongue and drove inside. Her whimper of pleasure was lost in his mouth as he explored hers. It was a deeper, harder kiss, like the one he'd given her by the front door. Wriggling against him, her hands clutched at the solidness of his arms as she tried to get closer.

He murmured in approval, sliding one arm under her neck while the free hand slid down her thigh and pulled her leg up over his hip. She gasped, and moaned in pleasure as the position pressed his groin hard against hers. The thick, solid length of his c*ck rubbed against her, stroking her engorged cl*t through the layers of fabric that separated them until she saw fireworks behind her closed lids.

"You're so damn sexy," he muttered, voice muffled against her neck as he worked his way down. His h*ps rocked against hers, and he reached back up to hook strong fingers under her bra strap. His breathing was ragged as he yanked it down, the sharp bite of the elastic the first hint of roughness he'd displayed. Tension held his body taut, but the tremor that laced the hard muscles told her he was on the edge of his control.

She smiled, the expression, a mere curve of her lips, lost when he rolled her to the side and unsnapped the clasp between her shoulder blades. With a sweep of his hand, the bra was gone, her br**sts uncovered for his gaze and touch.

"So pretty," He groaned, his voice thick.

She mewled, arching her back as he laid a gentle kiss next to her nipple. An almost innocent touch that fired her up. Liquid arousal slipped from her p**sy to dampen her panties, a rush of heat that made him moan and shove his groin hard against hers.

The next touch wasn't so innocent. His tongue laved her nipple, and as she was reeling from the sensation as he pulled it into his mouth and suckled. Pleasure exploded through her body, and then collapsed in on itself to center deep in her core. Her p**sy clenched, a hard ache taking up residence in her feminine channel. She needed to be filled, needed him to fill her as instincts as old as time took over.

Wrapping her hands around his thick upper arms wasn't possible, so she just held on as best she could while he divided his attention between her br**sts. He cupped and caressed them. She wasn't built small by any stretch of the imagination, but he held her easily. A perfect fit.

Arching her back to allow him better access, she didn't expect him to slide a hand down her stomach, heading south. All her breath left her lungs in a gasp as he got her undivided attention. But he didn't rush in, instead drawing circles on her stomach with his fingertips as he worked his way back up to her neck. The scrape of his stubble against her sensitive flesh made her shiver, but she didn't have time to dwell on it.

His lips covered hers at the same moment he slipped his fingers beneath her panties. Secure in his reception, he didn't beat around the bush. His strong fingers dipped into her cleft, dragging the juices of her arousal up and around her clit.

She keened, the sound lost as he took over the kiss, his lips more masterful than he'd been before. He rubbed and stroked her clit, demanding a response with his lips and tongue at the same time until she didn't know which way was up.

Floating in a sea of pleasure, she clung to him and followed where he led, trusting him to take them where they needed to go. Her h*ps moved against his hand, seeking more of what she needed. He rumbled in pleasure, the sound a vibration against her body and shifted, using a hard knee to part her thighs further. Before she could wonder what he was about, he parted her folds and slid a thick finger deep inside her.

She pulled free of his lips with a soundless moan. The cli**x that had been hovering on the wings thundered closer, circling her with relentless purpose. Her p**sy clenched hard around his invading digit, and she tapped his arms.

"Tom...I'm goin'...too close." She wanted him inside her when she came. Wanted to feel him filling her, to tip her over the edge into release.

His lips grazed her neck, nuzzling the sweet spot under her ear that turned her knees to mush. "Just let it go. Come for me, sweet thing. Let me bring you pleasure."

His low voice, the whispered words, and the kiss laid gently on her lips were a delicious counterpoint to the sudden thrust as he slid a second finger into her p**sy to join the first.

She cried out as her world shattered around her, pleasure running like fire and ice through her veins. It was too much, she couldn't keep it all in. Her h*ps rocked against his hand as he thrust and withdrew, adding the pressure of his thumb against her cl*t to heighten her pleasure. She rode the high, burying her face into his strong neck as he played her body, drawing the cli**x out. When the waves ebbed, he pulled away.

She moaned in the back of her throat when he slid off the bed, missing the strong warmth of his body as she floated in the aftermath of her release. Fabric rustled, the distinctive sound of a foil packet being ripped telling her what he was about.

She opened her eyes as he returned, planting a knee between hers, to cover her. She smiled, reaching up to stroke her hand down his jaw, the stubble covered skin rough against her palm. The look on his face was hard and feral, a primitive look that made her shiver.

"I'll go slow. I promise--"

She was well ahead of him, sliding a hand down to wrap around his cock. The fact that he'd protected them both without assuming she was on the pill endeared him to her. Using a firm grip, she stroked, marvelling at his length and width. God, she couldn't wait to get that inside her. If it would all fit.

He groaned, a muffled expletive leaving his lips so crude that in any other circumstances she might have blushed. Now she took it as an indicator of how close he was to losing control.

And she was right. After a couple of strokes, he grabbed her wrist, stilling her hand. "You need to stop, love. Unless you want a real short, fast fuck."

Letting go, she lay back, parting her legs further as he moved to settle himself between them. The head of his sheath-covered c*ck pressed against the entrance to her cunt, and he started to thrust. She sucked a quick breath in as the broad tip breeched her entrance, forcing her p**sy wide to accept him.

God, he was big. She felt every inch of his invading shaft pressing against her inner walls as he pushed into her, every so often pulling back to bear down again. Working his way into her in short, sea-saw movements until he was seated to the hilt.

He stopped, gathering her into his arms as her p**sy throbbed and fluttered around him. She closed her eyes, wallowing in the sensation and a sudden pang hit her. It felt so right. She never wanted to let him go. But that was stupid, there was no way he'd want her for more than a night.

He kissed her temple, murmuring low words she couldn't make out over the roaring of her blood in her ears. She'd never felt so filled, so stretched before. It was almost verging on uncomfortable. But almost as soon as the sensation registered, it eased off, leaving her with the need to move.

"Shh, hold on. Just give me a moment." He grabbed her h*ps when she started to move, holding her still. "You're so damn tight."

Biting her lip, she tried to do as she was told but her body had a mind of its own. Little rocks of her h*ps against his had them both gasping. With a curse, he let go of her h*ps and pulled his own back. The sensation as he pulled out almost all the way set a new bar in exquisite. Then he thrust back in, a quick fast slide until their h*ps met again, and she lost the ability to think.

"Oh God, yes. More," she begged, wrapping her legs around his hips. He grunted, bracing his hands either side of her head, and gave her what she wanted. What she needed.

Bending every inch of his big, powerful body to pleasure, he moved over her. Short, hard thrusts followed by slow slides that drove her out of her mind. Their breathing grew ragged, the slide and slap of skin on skin, the sounds of sex, filled the room. Moans escaped her throat to combine with his deeper groans in a primal harmony as they strained against each other. Each motion feeding the fire that grew between them until a roll of his h*ps brought her to the edge again.

She gasped, body tense. "Oh... I..."

"I'm here." He wrapped his arms around her, rolling on the bed until she was astride him. The sudden movement made her gasp, the change in position causing all new and interesting sensations as his c*ck stroked in her tight p**sy.

"I want to watch your face as you come," he growled, hands on her h*ps to lift her up, and drive her down over his cock, impaling her on the thick length.

She cried out, his name on her lips as her p**sy clenched tight around him, milking his c*ck in rhythmic waves. He growled, lips pulled back from his teeth and all the cords in his neck and shoulder standing in high relief. His fingers bit into her h*ps as he slammed up into her-a few short, hard thrusts before he snarled her name and went rigid, his c*ck jerking and pulsing in her depths as he found his own release.

Chapter Four

Last night had been the best sex of his life. Ever.

Thanks to his training schedule, Tom was used to waking early, and this morning was no exception. Warm and comfortable, he wrapped his arm around Fern's waist, her curvy body curled against his.

Poor girl, he'd kept her away all night, unable to get enough of her. And still he was half hard now, c*ck ready to go at moment's notice. It was like he hadn't had sex for bloody years, and was gorging himself before the treat was taken away.

He looked down in the growing light. The sight of her there, lost on the wide expanse of the bed with her hair spread out around her head like a dark halo hit him like a shoulder to the gut. What would it be like to wake to her there every day?

As the thought hit him, he knew he wanted to make it a reality. He'd always scoffed whenever anyone mentioned love at first sight, but now he was forced to re-think his opinion. His strategy for getting her into his bed had worked, so now he needed a new one to get her to stay with him longer.

Dropping a kiss on her temple, he slid from under the covers. A shower and then breakfast in bed should endear her to seeing him again. He paused just inside the bathroom, a sinking feeling wrapping itself around his heart. Shit. What if she'd only wanted a one-night stand? God, that would suck. He had to face facts. She was beautiful, classy, and intelligent. She could do way better than him.

After dealing with business, he leaned his hands against the sink to study his reflection in the mirror. A couple of inches shy of six feet, his body reflected his choice of career as hooker for a premier league club. He was heavily built and packed with muscle, particularly his shoulders and neck. Right at the front of the pack, he and the rest of the front row took the pressure of the entire opposition team pushing against them in a scrum, as well as that of the Sharks pushing the other way. It was like a game of piggy in the middle, with men as big as cars.

He reached up. His nose had been broken at least three times and his ears got taped down during a game, or he had to have them syringed. Even so, the hard swelling in the left was never going away. All in all, he looked like the bruiser he was. Sighing, he dropped his head, there was no way she was after more than a bit of fun and a chance to bed a Shark. He was a notch on her bedpost, not the other way around.

His mood weighing him down, he switched the shower on and stepped in. He ducked under the spray and stayed there, eyes closed. The sound might wake her, but hell, that would just give her the chance to escape without having to deal with him if she wanted. Perhaps it was for the best.

"Hey, tiger, I didn't wear you out, did I?"

So convinced that she was going to make a run for it, the sound of her voice surprised him. Looking up, he found her right in front of him, wrapped in the shirt he'd worn last night. Pleasure hit him. He liked that, seeing her in his clothes. Her lips curved into a smile, but the look in her eyes was wary, and for an instant, he saw similar worries to the ones he'd been having reflected there.

He grinned like a damn idiot. "Hell no. I'll give you a repeat performance whenever you like, love."

The look she gave him was so hot it would have blistered paint. "Really? How about right now?"

He sucked in a breath, watching as she slid his shirt off and let it drop to the floor to reveal her in all her nak*d glory. A night like that and sex in the morning? He pinched himself. This was not happening, he just wasn't this lucky.

His c*ck punched to full mast within a heartbeat to jut loud and proud in front of him. He wouldn't have been able to hide his reaction to her, even if he'd wanted to. Her gaze flicked down, the visual caress as stimulating as if she'd reached out and wrapped her hand around his c*ck there and then.

"Now works." Hell, did it work.

Stepping back until his arse hit the tiled wall, he made room for her. The cubicle wasn't small, for normal people, but with him in it, space was at a premium.

"Big lad," she murmured, a catch in her breath as the spray from the showerhead caught her, the water a little on the cool side to bring his raging libido down to a manageable level. Reaching out, he adjusted the temperature and extended his free arm.

She stepped into his embrace, no coyness about her manner even when his c*ck pressed into her stomach. She treated him to a hot look, hands smoothing over the width of his shoulders. "You're a big lad all round, aren't you?"

"Yeah." The rough growl of his voice, thick with desire, was almost unrecognizable. "Want me prove it to you again?"

Wicked heat and mischief sparked in her eyes. Shaking her head, she went up on tiptoe to plant a trail of kisses over his wet shoulders. Nips and hot, open mouthed kisses that tested the strength in his knees. Locking them, he concentrated on keeping his hands light on her waist. Letting her touch him, kiss him.

"Hmm, you know." She traced the line of his collarbone with her tongue. "I think I need to check for myself."

He swore, the expletive violent, and followed with a shaky laugh. "God, yeah. I mean... Please."

Dropping his head back, he let her have open access to his body, marvelling all the while that she wanted to, that she was still here. But she seemed as fascinated with him as he was with her. A hum rose in the back of her throat, a pleased little sound that reminded him of a cat purring. He liked it. Liked her.

Fuck, yeah, he liked her. Really liked her.

Her hands smoothed over his chest, tracing the line of his pecs before moving down to his abdomen. Male vanity made him tense, bringing his six pack out into high relief. He wanted her to see and feel the best of him.

Her fingers worked down. He sucked his breath in, anticipation holding him prisoner as her hand drew closer and closer to his cock. The memory of her fingers wrapped around him last night made his c*ck jerk, a bead of pr**um glistening at the tip. God, if she didn't touch him soon...

The wet heat of her tongue flicked over his nipple the same instant her small hand closed around his cock. The breath punched out of his lungs as his back arched, and his h*ps thrust forward all at the same time, body jerking different ways as it chased the pleasure she offered.

"God, yeah. Do that more."

Reaching up, he planted a hand on the walls either side of him. He didn't trust himself to use the showerhead to hold onto. The sensation of her mouth and her hand on him...he'd tear the damn thing right off the wall. It was all he could do to stay still as she explored him, but there was no way he was moving. Not while she touched him like this.

Licking and kissing the flat discs of his n**ples, she alternated flicking her tongue over them with gentle nips that made him gasp. Gritting his teeth, he shoved his hands harder against the tiles. Anything to stay upright.

Heat surged as she worked him, pumping his c*ck in steady strokes that threatened to blow his mind. His h*ps developed a mind of their own, rocking counter to the motion of her hand. Looking down, he watched the head of his c*ck flash in and out of her grip. God, it was the sexiest thing he'd ever seen.

"Hmm, big...but I think I need more evidence."

Tom threw his head back, the back of his skull thunking against the wall. She was trying to kill him. She slid to her knees right there in front of him, hands on his thighs for balance, and he lost the ability to think.

The first warm, wet rasp of her tongue over his c*ck made him flinch, the second, moan, and when she leaned forward to engulf him in the heated cavern of her mouth, he was done. She had him; heart, body and soul. The fact that she'd do something like this for him without asking, without the coercion he'd always had to exert with previous girlfriends to get such a treat... it blew his mind.

She slid down, more of his c*ck enclosed by silky heat until he was sure he was going to choke her. Then she pulled back, and his eyes rolled back in his head. Removed from the warmth of her mouth, cooler air hit his wet shaft, and he shivered. But just as quickly, she was back, fingers digging into his thighs as she bobbed her head up and down. Driving him to heaven, or hell, and back again.

One hand moved without conscious thought, driving into her hair to hold her in place. All the muscles in his arm tensed until they screamed to avoid taking control of her head and making her move faster. He couldn't help the tiny thrust of his hips, looking down to watch her lips around him as she sucked him off.

Fire raced out from his spine to encircle his balls, pulling them up tight as his c*ck pulsed in her mouth. He fought back the rising tide within him. The way he felt, if he came, he'd damn well choke her. Lord help him, she only had to touch him, and he was ready to go.

"Come here," he murmured and pulled her to her feet. She released his c*ck with a pop, managing one last soul-stealing lick over the tip as she stood. Before she'd reached her feet, he moved.

Turning, he pressed her back against the wall and pinned her in place with his body. Water splattered over them, hitting his shoulders first, then streaming down between them. A shudder hit him at the feel of her wet skin and curves. He wanted her in the worst possible way. If she knew the stuff that was going through his head, she'd run, and he wouldn't blame her. Hell, he'd tell her to run faster.

Not that she could outrun him. For an instant, the thought of chasing her, running her down, and capturing her caveman-style flashed through his head. He almost went up in flames. Primal possessiveness and need wrapped him in its insistent grip.

He had to have her. Had to sink into her wet heat again, f**k her in long, slow strokes until she came gasping and shuddering around him. He wanted to hear his name on her lips again, cried out in passion.

Hands rough in his need, he lifted her, wrapping her legs around his waist. She locked her ankles together behind his h*ps to hold herself in place. Her breathing caught, a tiny catch of need as he readjusted himself, fitting the broad head of his c*ck against her.

"God yeah, please. Oh-"

Her soft moan whispered against his throat, an extra caress as he thrust in. He paused, head bent over her shoulder as sensation and emotion welled up and threatened to choke him.

He'd come home. And he never wanted to leave.

*

Yup, he was just as big as she'd thought last night. Fern wrapped herself around Tom, and revelled in his strength as he held her around the waist with one arm, the other braced against the wall.

She moaned, ragged sounds of pleasure escaping her as he moved. Pulling almost out of her to drive back in again with a power and precision that stole her breath and her sanity. He'd taken her several times last night, all different positions and varying tempos, from slow and seductive right through to fast and furious. None of that prepared her for now. None of it could have.

His movements were hard with the tension, the sheer need, she could feel tightening his entire body. As though she'd surprised him, and he hadn't had time to get the mask in place again. As though he rode the edge of his control and couldn't pull back. He had to touch her, take what he needed. Wanted.

There was no gentleness. He didn't hurt her, but he wasn't soft either. Not like he had been last night. No, now he was totally alpha male, taking and demanding her response in return as he f**ked her, pure and simple. The change thrilled her, made her cling to him. Her man. She cried out, relaxing in his embrace to offer him everything she had. Everything of herself.

He growled in response, and his grip tightened. The primitive sound thrilled her. He thrust into her, pinning her with ease between his solid body and the tiles. His gaze was hard, boring into hers, holding her captive as much with his gaze as with his body.

He was claiming her. Somewhere deep in her heart, the part that was all about base instincts and emotions, she knew that. With every heavy thrust and quick roll of his hips, he staked a claim. Declared with everything that he had that she was his.

The knowledge should have scared the daylights out of her. Instead, it thrilled her. Her breathing shortened her breathing, her body tight with the sort of tension she had no business feeling, not this quick. Not after how many times he'd made her come last night.

"Oh, god," he gasped, clutching at his shoulders. She wasn't, shouldn't be, anywhere near coming yet. But there was just something about him, like he only had to touch her, and she was ready to go up in flames. "Tom..."

"I'm here, love," He muttered, low and harsh against her neck. The endearment had her heart flipping over in her chest. Did he mean it, or did it just roll meaninglessly off his tongue? "I've got you."

She closed her eyes and relaxed. Her cli**x washed over her, a lazy pleasure that ripped through her to buffet her like she was caught in the rapids of a storm-swollen river.

He felt it, pausing mid-thrust to swear as her p**sy clamped down around him. Hard squeezes as pleasure whipped through her. Groaning her name, he wrapped his arms around her and picked up pace.

The heavy slams of his h*ps against hers, and the depth his driving c*ck hit her, tore his name from her lips. Again and again. An endless litany as he thrust home a last time, and stiffened. She was pinned, his c*ck impaling her to jerk and pulsed deep within her as he came.

She wrapped her arms tighter around him, fingers playing with the hair at the nape of his neck as she whispered into his ear. He shuddered, hands hard as he pulled back to kiss her. Raw and primal, it rocked her to the core, leaving her breathless.

"So, do I pass muster?" He lifted his head, blue eyes intense with emotion. "Can I persuade you to see me again? Perhaps make it a long-term thing..."

Yes... oh lord, yes. Hiding the stupid grin that wanted to spread over her face at his words, she leaned in and brushed her lips over his.

"I think something like that can be arranged. How about we start tonight?"

The End

