1

I left the bed and donned a robe from the bathroom, a thin, silky flower-print thing that came to my knees. I knotted it tight so my br**sts were covered, hidden. I tried to pretend my heart wasn't knocking in my chest just as loudly as Pastor McNabb's fist was on my door.

"Stay here," I told Tre.

I pulled the door open. "Can I help you?" I asked.

"Where is my son?" It was a harsh demand, no Southern politeness here, just angry brown eyes and sweating jowls.

"Can I help you, Pastor McNabb?" I repeated, trying to force myself to coolness.

"I want to know where my son is!"

"Well I'm not sure why you would come pounding on my door, then. If that's all..." I trailed off and started to push the door shut.

His hand caught the door and he began pushing past me. "He's here, woman. His truck is in your driveway. I saw you talking to him after sermon yesterday. Don't play games with me, not about my boy." Brian McNabb was furious, jabbing a finger in my face.

"Excuse me, Pastor. This is my home, and I have not invited you in," I said, pushing him back out the door. "You can leave now. I have no reason to answer your questions. Your concerns regarding your son's whereabouts have nothing to do with me."

The pastor stood in the doorway, seething. "You seduced my boy, harlot. You ruined him. I know he's in there, up in your bedroom, your...your den of iniquity." He spat on the ground at his feet. "You just tell my son he ain't welcome in my home no more. You tell him that, harlot. He made his choice, now he's gotta live with it."

I noticed his accent, so carefully cultivated to be charming and reassuring in the pulpit, had taken on a different tone, now. I regarded him with an icy glare, hoping he couldn't see the pounding of my pulse in my throat.

What had I done?

"Pastor McNabb, you are out of line. You are barging in here, into my home, making accusations, calling me names, and publicly disowning your son when you have no facts, no evidence, besides your son's vehicle in my driveway." I jabbed my finger at him, as he'd done to me. "You are rude, uncouth, and unwelcome. Please leave. Now."

He turned and stormed off, stopping at the sidewalk and facing me once more. "You tell him what I said, Mrs. Harley. I meant it. I know the truth, and so do you. You tell him."

I watched him drive away in his rattling old forest-green Cadillac, and then shut the door. Tre was standing just out of sight, on the middle of the stairs. He wasn't crying, but he was clearly distraught.

I crossed over to him, took him by the hand and led him into the kitchen. Wearing just his jeans, zipped but unbuttoned and showing that sexy V of muscle and a hint of the thatch of curly black hairs, I felt a flood of desire for him, even as the gravity of the situation permeated the air between us.

He sat down at the island, perching on the stool, shoulders slumped, forehead buried in his hands.

"What did I do?" he said. "What did I do?"

I put my hands on his shoulders, standing behind him. I kissed his back between his shoulder blades, feeling a tenderness for him that I shouldn't have, not so soon, not when this was supposed to be just...

I trailed off the thought, in my head, realizing I really hadn't considered what this relationship might be, when I invited him here. I just knew I wanted him, and that an afternoon of sex with him would go a long way to helping me realize I had really started my life over.

And now, suddenly, I had ruined this young man's life.

"You made a choice, Tre," I said. "I don't know your dad, but he may come around. You never know. And if not...Well, if he's so easily able to disown you for one little choice like this, then I just have to question his...not his love, but his ability to accept you."

"He won't come around," Tre said, his voice low and miserable.

"Maybe not," I said. "But, you know...if you're gonna make your own decisions in life, it probably would have come to this at some point. If you decided not to do what your father had planned for you, he'd have gotten angry and told you to do what you wanted anyways and to not come back."

Tre nodded, rubbing his eyes. "Yeah, you're right. He's had my life planned since I was born, and I've never had much say in that. Working at the garage, that's been a big fight for years, ever since I told him I wasn't going to seminary after high school. Now, well...I don't know what I'll do."

I sat on the stool next to him, loosening the robe a little. "Do you regret it?" I asked him. "Do you regret what we did together?"

He took a long moment to answer, honestly considering.

"No, I don't," Tre said. "I made the choice, and I don't regret it. It was the most amazing experience of my life, and I can't believe it was wrong. Maybe it was, but I don't care."

"Good," I said. "We'll figure this out. And listen, if you want to try to work things out with your dad, I understand. I mean, if you have to...to not see me, to work it out, then I understand."

He looked at me, his gaze mature and understanding. He seemed to sense how hard that was for me to say.

He shook his head, saying, "No, that won't work, even if I wanted to try. Even if I crawled back to him and begged him to forgive me, and promised to never see you again and did everything he said, he still wouldn't let it go. It'd always be there between us."

He turned to face me, putting his knees on either side of mine, his gaze flowing over my body, taking in my hair, still sleep-mussed, and down my neckline to my br**sts peeking out of the robe, to my crotch, visible to him as I sat with my feet on the rung of the stool, knees apart a little.

"So now what?" I asked. "What do you want? You're welcome to stay here, of course, for as long as you want."

He shrugged, a gesture of not knowing rather than not caring. "I don't know. I don't have anything here, not even a toothbrush or a change of boxers. I can't just hide out in here, never coming out." He grinned at me, flirting. "Although I might enjoy being holed up in here with you..."

"But we both have lives to live."

He nodded. "You know everyone will know, now. Everyone will be talking. They already are right now, since Mrs. Henderson must have seen me drive by and not drive back. There's only one house past hers, and she'd do the math, come to the same conclusions as Daddy."

I grimaced. "Don't call him that. I know it's a Southern thing, but it seems weird to me, a grown man calling his father 'Daddy.'"

Tre shrugged again. "Okay." He slipped his hand onto my thigh, sliding it up and back down. "I don't care about people, right now. I know they'll talk. I don't care."

"This is your home, Tre...and I just wanted to say I'm sorry you're in trouble on my account."

He moved closer still, moving his hand to my hip, spreading the robe apart. "I'm not. You said it yourself: this was coming, one way or another. This just sped it up a bit."

I sat still, letting him touch me, letting him explore me with his hands and his eyes. When his fingers moved down between my legs, I scootched back off the stool and out of his reach.

"Not just yet," I said. "First, we need to eat. You need your strength, you know."

He grinned. "I am hungry."

I made sandwiches and served him coffee while he waited, sipping my own while I slathered mayo and layered cheese and ham. We devoured the meal, munching on chips.

He seemed deep in thought as he ate, and I elbowed him. "What's up, buttercup?"

He shrugged. "Just wondering. Why can't you have kids? If you don't want to talk about it, I get it. I'm just wondering."

I took a deep breath and let it out. "That's a long story, Tre. It's long and depressing and old history. I'll tell you some time, I promise. For now, lets just say that I got sick, and things in my body stopped working like they should. I'm not sick anymore, so you don't have to worry."

He nodded. "Okay, well, tell me when you're ready."

We finished eating, and I led him back upstairs. This time, though, I had something else in mind. I took him into the bathroom, took off my robe and hung it up. I started the shower, letting it turn steamy hot while I helped Tre out of his jeans.

"I need a shower," I told him. "A lady needs to get clean after making love to her man."

Tre nodded, devouring my nak*d body with his eyes, but kept his hands at his side. He was ready, his c*ck standing straight up to his belly button as he stood in front of me, just waiting. I let him wait, enjoying a moment of pure ogling.

He was hot as hell, standing there, hard for me, wreathed in steam, muscles growing damp from the moisture in the air until he glistened. Eventually I stepped into the shower, gesturing for him to follow me. I got my hair wet and switched places with Tre so he was beneath the water jet, and I admired the way his muscles moved as he lathered his hair. When his eyes closed to rinse his hair, I took his softening penis in my hand, and he jerked in surprise, then relaxed. He went rigid immediately, and I laughed, taking the bar of soap in my hand and rubbing it against his chest.

"I love how you get hard so fast," I said.

I soaped him up, rubbing my water-slick body against him as I did so, and he caught on, taking the soap from me and rubbing it between my br**sts, slipping in little circles down my stomach and swiping it across my back, kissing me as he leaned over me, reaching around to move the soap on my ass, down the crack to the creases of each thigh.

Tre ground his h*ps against my belly, wanting inside me. I held him in my hand, pumping him, getting him going. He leaned back against the shower wall, and I lowered myself to my knees. He looked down at me, head leaning back. I smiled up at him, licking the tip of his cock. He took a deep breath, closed his eyes as I rubbed my thumb in circles on the tip, drawing the pre-come from him. I took him in my mouth, then, all the way, as far as I could, bobbing with him deep inside. He was long enough that even with him at the back of my throat I had enough room on his silk-steel length to wrap my fingers around him. I took his testicles in my hand, rubbed his taint as I sucked him, spat him out, sucked him again. I drew my mouth off to pump him with both hands, now, putting just my lips on the bulbous head. He arched his back, and his knees buckled as he came. His hands drifted to my hair, taking its sopping weight in his hands and stroking my scalp as I continued to bob on him until he was groaning, pushing his c*ck into my mouth with throbs of pleasure.

I helped him sit down on the floor, the water raining down on us. When he had his breath back, he looked at me, a question in his eyes.

"Shea? I was wondering something. Earlier, while we were together, you kept telling me to f**k you," he said the word with less hesitation, this time, and I could tell he was a little proud of it. "But just now, you said we were making love. So, my question is, is there a difference to you in what the words mean?"

I stood up to wash and condition my hair as I answered. "Well, that's a complicated question, and really depends on who you're talking to. For me, it depends on context, usually. During, like before, I told you to f**k me, and I used that word to talk dirty to you. I just meant it to...I don't know...encourage you, I guess. To let you know I liked what you were doing. But if was to talk about our relationship, in a more general sense, I'd use a different word. I'd call it making love, or hav**g s*x, and that's it. When it's not during sex, I don't like calling it f**king because that seems cheap, or something."

Tre nodded. "That makes sense." He went silent again, just staring down at me, his expression serious. "Do we have a relationship?"

I froze. I wasn't ready for that discussion yet.

"Let's not worry about categories just yet, Tre. Okay? I mean, do we have to put it into a neat little box? I like you, a lot. I like spending time with you, just like this, or just eating sandwiches, or making love to you. I want to get to know you, find out about you. But...I just don't think we need any categories, just yet."

"So it's...casual, then?" He was trying to sound nonchalant, worldly.

I took his face in my hands and kissed him, deeply.

"No, Tre. No. Casual would mean we were seeing other people, seeing other people besides each other. That's not what I want, and it's not what I meant."

He nodded, relieved.

"Then what did you mean?"

I wished he wasn't so relentless in this topic, but I couldn't blame him

"I don't know. How's that for honest? I don't know. I don't know what I want with you besides to spend time together, okay?"

He seemed to sense he was pushing me in some way, and he nodded, brushing a sopping tendril of my hair away from my cheek.

We got out, dried off, and wrapped up in towels. He followed me downstairs to the kitchen and sat down, waiting. I guess he knew I had something in mind. I took a pair of beers from my fridge, handing them to him to twist off. He lifted an eyebrow, and then wrenched the tops free.

"Since you're trying new things..." I said, lifting my bottle to him in a toast.

He clinked the bottles and took a long swig, longer than I'd expected. This wasn't his first beer.

"Me and Jimmy sneak beers all the time. Jimmy's dad drinks and don't notice when we take some."

We drank our beers in the living room on my tan suede couch, chatting as the sun went down. I told him about growing up in Savannah as a preacher's daughter, and he told me about his adventures with his friend Jimmy, hunting, fishing, hiking out into the wilderness and once getting hopelessly lost in the woods for two days. We drank a second, and a third, and that was when he started to slur a bit. I was sloppy myself by then, never having been a hard drinker.

I kissed him, suddenly. He nearly dropped his beer, then reached over and placed it on the coffee table. We'd been wrapped in our towels the whole time, and I untucked the edge of his towel, lifted it free and set it aside. He did the same to me, and I pushed him down on the couch, onto his back, laying on top of him, lifting my h*ps to push him deep inside me.

We took it slow, then, moving our h*ps in a slow roll, arms wrapped tight around each other, bodies clenched close. He kept it slow, even as he rose to orgasm, forcing himself to keep it slow, and I felt a pang of deep affection for him for that. He lasted, and lasted, and when he started to come and I wasn't ready, he slowed, stopped, gritting his teeth and straining every muscle in his body to hold back. I kept still, awed at his control, the strength it took to hold back like that, especially when he was still so new at all this.

I came hard, biting his shoulder, and he released into me, clutching my ass to himself as he exploded, sighing in pleasure.

We made love again and again that night, usually with me on top, until Tre was too exhausted to move, and I was sore in all the right ways. Dawn came and found us just falling asleep.

2

Tre strode confidently up the door of his father's house, arms swinging wide, gait easy, back straight.

He'd decided as we ate a late breakfast-late being past noon-that he had to at least talk to his dad once. I agreed, and admired him all the more for the courage I knew it must take to face his father.

I offered to go in with him, present a united front, which was a difficult thing to offer, but he refused, saying it was between him and his dad, and it wasn't really about me at all. I admit I was relieved, and sat in the passenger seat of his truck, watching him go. I was proud of him, and scared for him.

Most of all, I wondered where the hell this relationship was going. I'd only been in Yazoo for two weeks and I was already bored. I was glad I'd rented the house instead of buying it like I'd considered doing. If things with Tre continued, we'd be the scandal of the town, and I had no desire to stay and be the fodder for gossip. I wasn't sure I was ready to take Tre with me, though. I went in circles while I waited, weighing my options against my desires.

Nearly an hour passed before Tre came out again, anger written in every line of his face, in the aggressive stomp of his boots.

"Bastard," he said as he sat down in the driver's seat. "Stubborn old goat. I didn't expect any different, but still, it hurts. And it pisses me off. I'm so angry at him I could spit nails, I swear."

I took his hand, twined our fingers, not speaking. He didn't need my words, just my presence. He let me hold his hand as he drove, heading not toward my house but somewhere else, outside of town in a direction I'd not explored yet.

"Where're we going?" I asked.

"I thought we'd hang out with Jimmy. I want to introduce you. He's my only real friend, and the only person left who cares about me."

I realized then that I'd never seen his mom, or heard him talk about her. "What about your mom?"

His shoulders tensed. "She's just...there. She don't stick up for me, or care much. I don't know. She's just there. It don't matter."

His accent always got more pronounced when he was upset. I placed our twined fingers on my leg and let him drive, kept the silence. Sometimes a man just has to stew.

Jimmy Dixon was the opposite of Tre in every way. Short, thick, with long brown greasy hair held back in a ponytail, Jimmy was a nice guy, shaking my hand and appraising me appreciatively. We sat in an old barn and drank beer and talked, and Tre sat beside me, his arm around me, trying to act casual.

I decided to show off a little, for Tre's sake. He wanted to impress his friend, and I thought I'd oblige. When we all finished our beer, I offered to get more and as I came back to pass them around, I sat down on Tre's lap, draping myself across him. He cast his eyes towards mine, smiling at me, letting me know he knew what I was doing.

Jimmy looked away, and I saw jealousy in his eyes, a flash and then gone.

We spent the day with Jimmy, heading back to my house as the sun set.

Instead of getting out with me, Tre stayed in the truck. "I'm going to grab a few things from home...from my parent's house. I'll be back in a little bit."

I agreed, kissed him, told him to be careful. I'd seen the anger in both men, and I didn't want Tre to come back hurt.

He showed up about half an hour later, bringing big duffel bag upstairs with him, anger and frustration and hurt in his eyes and the set of his jaw. He stopped short when he saw me. I'd decided to surprise him with a little show, a reward for standing up to his dad. I was lying on the bed, posing. I was on my side, facing the doorway, head propped in one hand, wearing nothing but a long string of pearls I'd inherited from my grandmother. The pearls were draped around my neck and hanging between my br**sts.

Tre just stood there for a shocked moment, staring at me. He dropped the bag and descended the three steps into my room-our room. He stood in front of me, his gaze openly ravenous.

"Take off your clothes," I told him. He started to oblige, ripping his shirt over his head.

"No. Slow. Give me a show," I said. "You like to look at me...well I like to look at you, too."

Tre smiled a slow smile and peeled his shirt off gradually, undulating his h*ps and rocking his torso. He moved awkwardly at first, hesitant and self-conscious, then gradually began to get into the dance. It wasn't a striptease like you'd see at stripclub, since he'd never seen that kind of dancing in movies or real life, but he gave it all he had, trying to dance sexily, and oh my Lord, did he succeed.

He wrapped his shirt around his fists and stretched his arms above his head, straining his muscles, posing, flexing. Then he tossed the shirt aside and unbuttoned his jeans, moving his h*ps in a suggestive circle. He turned around and faced away from me as he bent over to take off his shoes and socks, then turned back around and resumed his undulation of his abdominal muscles and the rocking of his hips. He pushed his pants off, sliding them down and stepping out, kicking them aside and dancing all the while.

It was a strange scene, his not-quite-comically cute dancing, still somehow sexy to me. His body turned me on, just the sight of his muscles and his c*ck bulging against his boxers. He teased me with his boxers, pulling them down and then back up, giving me peeks at his penis.

He stepped close to the bed, and I snagged the band of his boxers, rolling to my belly and pulling him to my face. I pushed the boxer down and took the head in mouth, sucking gently, a tease, a promise.

I pulled him onto the bed, pushed him onto his back and left him there.

"Do you trust me?" I asked.

He nodded, suddenly wary.

"I'm going to do something new tonight. Just lay there and let me do it. You'll like it, I promise."

He just nodded. I went to my dresser and pulled out two silk scarves, one crimson and one deep purple. I draped one scarf across his chest, took his right hand in mine, wrapped the end of the scarf around his wrist and tied the other end to the bedpost, wrapping it around both post and wrist several times and tying it off. I sat astride him, taking the other scarf in my hand. I ground my p**sy against him, getting him ready, sliding my slick, desire-wet flesh against him.

"Oh, please," he whispered. "I want you."

He reached for me, slid his free hand over me, touching my br**sts and n**ples, stretching down to reach for my p**sy.

"You'll have me," I said, grinding against him but not sheathing him inside me yet. "But I'm not done tying you up. You'll just have to trust me."

He rocked his h*ps against me once more, caressed my breast before lying back and waiting. I tied his left wrist like the right.

"Are they too tight? It shouldn't hurt, just restrain you."

He shook his head. "No, it's fine. But how am I supposed to do anything like this?"

I laughed, sitting astride him again, but across his knees, leaving his body exposed to my hands. "You'll just have to let me do all the work, then, won't you?"

I ran my hands over him, tickling his thighs, cupping his balls and stroking his hard, silky length with a finger, then leaned over him and brushed my br**sts up his body to kiss him. I slid against him, kissing him with all the passion I had, grinding against him until he was rocking into me in a desperate frenzy. I slid back away, then, leaving his c*ck wet and throbbing in open air, bending to kiss his hips, his thighs, kissing his sac and his c*ck before moving away to his belly again, planting soft, tonguing kisses all over his body.

I pressed my nipple into his mouth, let him suck my tits, switching back and forth, ignoring his still-thrusting hips. I moved up farther still, sitting on his chest, then up farther again and holding myself aloft by the posts.

"Kiss me, down there," I told him. "Lick my p**sy."

I lowered my crotch to his face and felt his tongue lap out, stroking my entrance. I sighed in pleasure as he laved again, seeking my cl*t with the tip of his tongue, moving it in circles like I'd shown him to do with his fingers. I couldn't hold myself up for long, and slid back down his body until the head of his c*ck was pressed against my cleft.

"Will you do that to me again, later?" I asked.

"You tasted good, I liked it. I'll do it again. I'll do it all the time."

"Good," I breathed.

I took him in my hand and guided him in, just an inch at first. I fluttered my hips, quick, shallow thrusts, balancing upright so his c*ck was stretched away from his body. When his breathing began to grow ragged and his thrusts desperate, I pulled back up and away so he was nearly out of me, leaning forward then and holding there, just the very tip inside me. He was quivering, shaking, trying to get deeper, and I matched his forward thrusts with equal movements away. With each flutter of his tip, he throbbed against my clit, and I ground my teeth to contain my gasps, already so close, so near to coming.

"You're teasing me," Tre said.

"Yes, I am. I'm gonna draw this out until you can't stand it anymore."

"I already can't," he said, straining at the scarves.

I just smiled at him, fluttering my p**sy at the tip of his cock, not letting him get more than an inch in. He bucked his h*ps up, supporting his weight with his feet, but I kept myself away from him, lifting up until I was nearly in the downward-facing dog yoga position. He relaxed again, and I leaned forward to kiss him, putting my weight on his chest, fluttering again.

He lost himself in the kiss, flexing his arms against the restraints, delving into the passion of our locked lips, forgetting for a moment the teasing game I was playing. I didn't forget. The kiss was enough to nearly drive me over the edge.

I chose that moment, when he ceased trying to get deeper, to plunge my h*ps down on him fully and then sitting back on him with his c*ck buried to the hilt inside me. I relaxed forward again and fluttered, just giving him that one taste of full impalement.

All this while, my pearls were around my neck, bouncing gently against my chest as I moved, a string of white against my tan skin. I moved down toward Tre, intending to kiss him, but he seized that moment to take the string of pearls in his mouth and hold me there for fear of breaking the strand. While he had me trapped, he thrust into me; he wasn't hard or desperate about it, but slow and intentional, grinning past the pearls in his mouth as he plunged into me.

I almost came, then.

I let him take control, closing back in with him. I had been teasing myself as much as him. I wanted him deep inside me, and depriving myself of that was as titillating for me as it was for him. I was nearing the edge, again, and he was pushing me closer.

He kept his strokes deep and slow, pushing himself as far in as he could go and drawing back out, and I began to match him, pulsing up and back down in time with him.

"Let my arms go," he said. "I want to touch you."

I shook my head. "Make me come first. Then I'll untie you and you can touch me all you want."

I didn't tell him I was close, so close. I was trying to control my reaction, trying to keep my pace steady and stop the whimpers from escaping my lips. I mashed my face into his neck, bit him, unable to stop a gasp from slipping out as he increased his tempo, rocking me harder and harder, and then...oh God, oh my Lord, he slowed it back down, gritting his teeth and gasping into my hair.

"Oh God, Tre, don't stop! Not now! I'm so close, I'm almost there, please...."

He drew himself almost out of me, returning the tease now, just barely brushing my slick, dripping labia with his engorged head. I kept my h*ps up, holding still, feeling a thrill of lightning shoot through me at each tender, questing touch of his cock. Just when I was about to beg him to finish me, he tilted his h*ps and slipped it back in, moving with an agonizing slowness, millimeter by millimeter.

I broke first. I crushed my p**sy down around him, crying out and abandoning all games, all thought. I had come so close to orgasm so many times, been on the cusp of detonation and been brought back away. Now, now with his c*ck drilling into me, diving with relentless abandon, I came with a fury that erased every orgasm I'd ever had.

In the past, even with Tre, I'd shrieked, whimpered, gasped, cried out, called his name, called on God and heaven and "oh yes f**k me," but never, in all my life, had I ever screamed.

I screamed then, tilting my head back and voicing a full-on scream.

The world went white and I dug my arms around his neck, squeezed with all I had, driving my p**sy onto him over and over again, unable to control my body. I saw stars, felt a million galaxies all go supernova in my belly as Tre convulsed into me.

I was still riding the cusp of my orgasm when Tre came, and that sent me over the edge all over again. I felt his penis clench and release, felt the flood his essence fill me, slosh against my walls and drip loose between our joined members. I was sobbing his name into his lips, into his teeth. Our h*ps were locked together now, moving in sync, both of us orgasming together, and Tre was whispering my name with equal fervor.

"Oh, Shea...oh God, Shea..." his voice was rough with emotion. "Oh my God, that was...I think...I think I just saw heaven."

I lifted my head up enough to meet his eyes. "So did I." I kissed him, a tender caress of the lips. "I'm seeing heaven right now."

I hadn't meant to say that last part, not looking at him the way I was. It was too much like vulnerability, like admitting the truth that was floating around deep inside the core of my soul, behind the walls he was too naive to see.

I wasn't in love with him, but I was close. I could see it happening, if things continued.

That terrified me.

I rolled off of him, untied his wrists from the bedposts and cuddled into him, pushing down both the fear and the burgeoning attachment with equal ferocity. I tried to hide by not looking at him, knowing he'd see something in my eyes or on my face, and ask about it. He'd ask questions I didn't have the answers to.

"Shea?" His voice was far too concerned and far too full of compassion to ignore.

"Yeah?" I suspected he'd seen or felt what I was hiding.

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing," I lied. "I'm just...spent. I've never in my life felt anything like that before. I don't think I could move if I tried."

"Me either," he said. "But it's more than that. There's something wrong. I can...I don't know, I can feel it. Maybe that sounds crazy, but I can just feel it coming off of you."

I hesitated a beat too long. "It's nothing."

There was anger in his voice when he spoke next. "You're lying to me, Shea." He didn't pull away physically, but I felt him withdrawing emotionally. "I can take it if you want to...be with me. If you-if this is just...just sex, I get that."

He spoke to the ceiling, his arms strong around me, but his heart pulling away. I wasn't sure how it had happened, since we'd done little together but have sex, but somehow I had started feeling something for him besides lust. He was waiting for me to answer, and I couldn't, I just shook my head, and he sighed.

I tried to figure out what had happened. When I saw him in the church, I was immediately attracted to him. He was gorgeous, with his angular face and perfect hair and natural bulk, but it was offset by something in his eyes, a kindness that was genuine, a true, bone-deep goodness that was truly rare. He was naive, and innocent, though, sheltered from just about everything that comprises the world at large, life in general. I doubted he knew how to survive on his own out there, away from his father. I doubt he understood what love really was, or how to take care of a woman.

I didn't doubt that he could learn, but my fear was that I'd have to teach him, and I needed someone that could not just erase the awful memories of my ex-husband, but to love me like he never did. I wasn't sure I was ready to try to make that love happen, to let anyone in. I sure as hell wasn't ready to be a sugar-momma to a sheltered pastor's kid. The sex was amazing, and we'd just gotten started, that much was true. I had a feeling if I stayed with Tre, he'd learn to rock my world in ways I couldn't even imagine right now, especially if that last orgasm was anything to judge by.

But was that enough to base a relationship off of? I knew it wasn't. Dan had done for me what I was doing for Tre, and I recognized this fact for what it was. Dan had taken me away from my pigeonhole of a life and showed me the world. He'd introduced me to sex, to drinking, to drugs, to gambling and traveling, fine wines and expensive clothes, five-star hotels and private jets to secluded island getaways...and through it all, Dan and I had f**ked like rabbits.

It had been just that, though, empty, meaningless f**king, and now, comparing it to what I had with Tre, it wasn't even that good. It meant nothing to Dan. I didn't realize that at first, though. I was too young and innocent and honestly blind to the truth to see it. I loved every minute of it, felt worldly and womanly, felt like a seductress, a real Jezebel. Then I started noticing signs of Dan's straying: Lipstick on his collars, come-stains on his boxers that he thought I wouldn't notice, perfume on him I didn't wear. I ignored it, pretended it was fine. That didn't work too long, of course. I eventually caught him in our room, with one hooker sucking his dick, three fingers deep in two more bleach-blond whores. That was the beginning of the end, although it took me a long time to siphon the money I needed.

Tre was silent next to me, not sleeping.

"Tre...I don't even know where to start." I traced the lines of his abs, drifting lower, hoping to distract him; he caught me my hand and pulled it back up. "It's not just sex, I can tell you that much. I don't know what it is, though."

I leaned up on an elbow and looked down at him.

"You want the truth?" He nodded, although I'd meant it rhetorically. "When I first invited you here, I meant it as that...as just sex. I thought you were sexy and I wanted you. I...wanted a distraction. But at some point it started turning into something else. I don't know what, I honestly don't. I care about you. You're a good person, a good man, and I'm so proud of you for standing up to your father. I know how much courage that took."

"Distraction from what?" Tre asked, cutting through to the one thing I'd hoped he miss.

I sighed. "A lot of things."

He took my hand in his, wiggling the diamond ring I still wore. I'd forgotten about that. It wasn't the one Dan had given me; I sold that in New Orleans. It was just a fake hunk of cubic zirconium crap I wore, because married women attracted less attention than a single one. At least, that was the idea. Now I was beginning to think otherwise.

"This?" He said, meaning the ring. "You need distraction from this?"

He thought I was still married, I realized.

"I'm not married, anymore, okay? I left him. That's why I came here, to get away from him."

"So you're divorced?"

"Well, not yet. I had the papers sent to him...to my ex-husband, when I was in Jackson. I have a PO box there. He'll sign and that'll be that."

"If you're not divorced, you're still married." Tre's voice was hard, angry.

"No, Tre, you don't understand. I left him. I don't love him, he doesn't love me. There never was love between us. It was just...a legal marriage. This ring isn't even his, it's fake." I took off the ring and handed to Tre, who examined it in the light of the moon shining through the window. "I just wore it because I thought I'd be accepted more easily if I was married. I didn't come here looking to meet anyone, and then I saw you, and..."

"Marriage is sacred, Shea. I really believe that. I know we did all this, together, but I thought-you said-I don't know...I thought you were divorced. This is adultery."

"Tre, please listen to me." I sat up all the way, and so did he, turning to face me; I took the ring from him and held it between us. "There are two levels to marriage, okay? There's legal marriage, and emotional marriage. You can be one, without being the other. Do you see what I'm saying? Legal marriage is just a formality, invented by men, by people. It's a tax and property thing, and that's it. Emotional marriage, interpersonal marriage...that's different. That's when two people agree that they love each other and that they want to spend their lives together, sharing everything. It's an agreement, a promise, and a...what's the word the bible uses? A covenant. It's not a legal thing.

"So technically, legally, yes, I'm still married, and this would be adultery in that sense. But in the kind of marriage I believe the Bible means when it talks about adultery...no, I don't believe that's what we're doing."

Tre looked away, staring out the window. He rubbed his temples and got up from the bed, pacing nak*d over to the window. He was silent a long time, thinking. I gave him the space. It felt like a trivial justification, what I'd just given him, and I think he knew it.

"I don't know, Shea. That seems like an excuse. I mean, I get what you're saying about two kinds of marriage, and I agree, now that I think about it. But I can't help wondering...is it still wrong, even if it's just legal marriage, that doesn't mean anything to either you or your husband, ex-husband, or whatever? And if it's not cheap, meaningless sex, what is it? It's sex outside of marriage, for one thing, and that's still a sin."

"Is it? Where does it say that? Where does it say sex is wrong?"

Tre stopped and thought, then waved his hand in a dismissal. "You're justifying. I know what I said earlier, that I didn't care if it was wrong, but now I do."

I set the ring down on the bedside table and crossed the room to stand next to him. I didn't touch him, though. I didn't want to seduce him out of his beliefs. Not entirely, at least.

"Tre, you have to decide what you believe for yourself. I think you're still partially thinking with the beliefs your father drilled into you. What do you believe, for yourself? Do you think what we have is wrong?"

"What do we have, Shea? You said yourself you don't know what it is. I mean, where is this going? How long are we going to continue this? It's wonderful, and amazing, and I...God, I don't want to stop. But is it wrong? I don't know. I'm so confused, suddenly. I like you. I really, really like you. Too much, maybe. My heart goes all weird when I think about you. That sounded stupid, I'm sorry." Tre turned to look at me, gilded silver by the moonlight. "Am I falling in love with you? I barely know you. I don't...I mean, we've known each other for like, three days. Two, actually. And we've spent most of that making love. Do I just think I feel this way because of that? Because of the sex? I don't know."

"Here's the thing. Only you can decide what you feel. I like spending time with you, being with you, and I hope you decide to stay with me, but I'm not going to try to influence your beliefs or feelings beyond that. If I did, I'd be no better than your father."

Tre turned back to the window, and I could see the conflict written in the lines of his face, the set of his mouth, the tension of his shoulders. He seemed suddenly very much a man, rather than the awkward, hesitant not-quite-a-man he'd been just a few days ago.

"I can't go back," he said, after a while. "I can't go back to being who I was. Maybe it's not being a virgin anymore, maybe its knowing my parents-my dad-don't love me anymore, but everything just seems...different. It's like...it's like being with you, hav**g s*x or making love or whatever you want to call it, changed the way I see the world, or...the way I see myself, and life, and...God, just everything."

"It'll do that," I said. "I know what you're going through, to an extent. My ex-husband, Dan, I ran away with him when I was sixteen, almost seventeen. I remember suddenly looking at everyone around me with new eyes, sexual eyes, adult eyes. Even if you don't feel desire for them, you see them differently, knowing they've done what you've done, and it does change the way you see, the way you think and feel."

I wrapped my arms around his waist; he held himself stiff for a moment, then softened and turned to hold me, pulling me against his chest. My head nestled in the hollow beneath his chin, fitting as if formed to rest there.

"Do you resent me for taking your innocence?" I asked.

That was a question, a fear, that had been lurking in my heart for a while now. I waited for his answer with a pounding heart and suddenly tear-burnt eyes. This tryst was turning intense, morphing out of my control into something frighteningly like a relationship.

"No," came the answer, whispered into my hair. "I made the choice. I came here, knowing, at least in some way, what you wanted, and I wanted it too. When I stepped into this house, I knew I was crossing some kind of line that I wouldn't be able to uncross. I did it anyway, and that was my choice, Shea. You didn't take my innocence; I gave it to you. I don't regret it.

"I just don't know where we go from here." This last part was whispered more to himself than to me, and I didn't respond.

I didn't know either.

3

My Audi's engine hummed, purring smoothly as Tre guided my car around the gentle curve of the highway. The top was down, wind whipping our hair, the sun warming us as we cruised south on US-49 towards Jackson.

Tre had decided upon waking the next morning to make a clean break.

"I want to leave," he had said at breakfast.

"Leave? Okay. Where do you want to go, and for how long?"

He met my eyes, and his were intense, determined. "I mean, leave Jackson. Move away, permanently."

I was shocked. "Okay...um...okay. Are you sure?"

He nodded. "I'm not just assuming we'll stay together, if you're not ready for that. I don't want to assume that this is...something it may not be, for you."

I took a moment, thinking. I looked around me, out the sliding glass door to the yard I'd never been in. I realized there was nothing here for me. If Tre left, I'd leave.

"Alright," I said. "Let's go then. Let's go now. I'll pack a bag and we can go."

He drove to his parents' house in his old F-150, his duffel in the trunk of my car. This time I went in with him, dressed somewhat conservatively in a pair of jeans and a not-too-revealing T-shirt. I held Tre's hand as we stood in the foyer of his parent's house, matching stares with his father. His mother sat in a La-Z-boy, cross-stitching a simple pattern into a cloth stretched across a round hoop. She didn't look up when Tre entered, didn't give him a greeting, or even acknowledge his presence.

"What do you want?" Tre's father said. "And why have you brought this prostitute into my house?"

Tre's eyes narrowed, his jaw clenched, and his fingers curled into a fist. Before I could stop him, Tre had let go of my hand, took three long steps, and floored his father with a thunderous right hook. Pastor McNabb tumbled backward, fell to his backside, his nose gushing blood, broken.

"She's not a prostitute, Dad," Tre said past clenched teeth. "And we came to say goodbye. I'm leaving. Permanently. I know better than to think you'd ever change your mind about me, or Shea."

Tre's mother had glanced up now, weak brown eyes wide, hands stilled on her cross-stitching hoop, needle pinched between trembling fingers. His father remained on the floor, letting his nose bleed onto his white button-down.

Tre waited, but neither of his parents said anything. "Fine, don't say nothin'. You're my parents, and I love you. At least, I want to. But if you're so closed-minded as to disown me over this, without talking to me about it, or knowing a damn thing about Shea...then I guess it's just as well. You'd have never accepted me anyway, not if I didn't live my life your way." Tre turned and stalked to the door, face expressionless and hard, and took my hand; he spoke without turning around. "So, goodbye. I hope this is worth it to you, 'cause you ain't never gonna see me again."

Tre's mother took a deep breath, mouth trembling, cross-stitching wavering in her hand. She stood up, reached for Tre with a thin-fingered, gnarl-knuckled hand, as if to stop him. Then, with a single glance at her cowering, bleeding husband, she lowered her head and sat back down. I watched in a kind of apathetic horror as she took the needle in now-calm fingers and plunged it into the white fabric and threaded it back through. She didn't look up again, didn't move to help her bleeding husband. She never spoke a word.

Tre's father, Pastor Brian McNabb, stood as Tre walked out, me trailing behind him by the hand. I stopped, and Tre jerked his hand free and continued to my car.

"You're a fool, Pastor," I said. "Tre is a good man. Mark my words: you'll regret this, someday. You'll realize what you lost and you'll want him back, but he'll be gone."

I turned away then, too, and returned to my car. Tre had left the keys to his truck in the ignition, as the vehicle had been a gift from his parents.

His duffel bag had about a month's worth of clothes, some toiletries, and a worn Bible, dog-eared black leather with gold-edged pages and his name inscribed in the bottom corner: Timothy Robert Evan McNabb. He brought nothing else. No pictures, no cell phone, no memorabilia of his life in Yazoo City. Just some practical necessities and a Bible.

Tre was sitting in the passenger seat, staring ahead, hands on his thighs. The only trace of emotion was the pulsing of a vein in his temple, a single throbbing string of purple.

I slid into the driver's seat, pushed the shifter into first, then hesitated, not releasing the clutch yet.

"Tre, are you sure-"

"Just drive."

I nodded and pulled away slowly, heading towards the highway.

"Can you stop by Jimmy's? I want to say goodbye." Tre spoke without looking at me, still motionless, appearing calm.

I could tell he was seething inside, hiding a maelstrom of emotions beneath a forced facade of calm. I headed towards his friend's house. I tried to take his hand, but he pulled his away.

"I need some time, Shea," he said. "I'm sorry. I'm too pissed off right now."

I just nodded and drove in silence.

Jimmy watched us coming from his porch, hands shoved into his pockets. Tre got out of the car and ascended the porch steps to shake Jimmy's hand; I stayed in the car. The two men didn't speak for a few minutes, just trading the look of friends of who don't need words to communicate.

"I hit him, Jimmy. I broke his nose and knocked him onto his ass."

Jimmy nodded. "He had it coming, I guess."

Tre looked at the back of his hand, the one he'd punched his father with, as if it had the answers to life's questions. "I'm leavin', Jimmy. I ain't comin' back, neither."

Tre's accent was thick suddenly, and I knew he was trying to contain his emotions.

Jimmy just nodded again. "I figured you would, someday. 'Specially after you met her," he said, jerking a thumb at me. "She's good for you. You're too special for a place like this, I've always known that. I'll sure miss you, buddy, but you can't stay here. I know that. Now go on, get outta here. Write me a letter or somethin', will you?"

Tre nodded, hesitated, then pulled Jimmy into a hug. They hugged like men, slapping backs, a good foot between them, heads held stiff, sideways.

"I'll see you, Jimmy," Tre said, stepping away and down the four thumping wooden steps.

"No you won't," Jimmy said.

He reached into his back pocket and pulled out a folding knife and tossed it to Tre, who caught it, looked at it, and glanced up at Jimmy, shock in his eyes.

"You sure? This is-"

"I know. Yeah, I figure if you ain't coming back, you'd best have somethin' to remember me by."

Tre nodded, held up the knife in a salute, and slid into the car, nodding at me to drive. I backed out onto the packed-dirt county road, and Tre waved once before we pulled out of sight. He stared down at the knife Jimmy had given him. It was a hunter's folding blade, long and wide, made of antler and stainless steel. It looked old, battered and worn and well-cared for.

"It was his great-grandfather's," Tre said, after several miles of silence. "He meant to give it to his kid, if he ever got married."

He opened it, ran his thumb across the blade's edge, nodded once, and closed it, put it in his hip pocket.

We made it to US-49 before his emotions got free. It started with a shake of the head, as if to brush away a buzzing fly, then a dash of his wrist across his cheek. I glanced at him, but he turned away to watch the cotton rows flit past, hiding from me. His shoulders started to shake, and he pressed the heels of his hands into his eye sockets, like he could push the tears back in with brute force.

I pulled over to the shoulder, took his hand in mine, tangled our fingers together. He tried to pull away, and I could feel his sense of shame keeping him turned away from me.

I held his hand, and said, "It's okay to be upset, Tre. You're leaving everything you know. I don't think less of you for crying. You'll still be a man if you cry a little."

He ventured a look at me, eyes red, brimming. I smiled at him, kissed him, tasting tears. He shuddered, trembled against my lips, and then broke down. I unbuckled my seat belt and pulled him against me, let him get it out. After a few minutes, he sniffed hard, rubbed his eyes and got out of the car, striding into the cotton field. I let him walk. He came back and I got out, put the top down, and pulled him into another embrace, but this time I pressed my body against him, kissed him hard.

He returned the kiss, moving against me, holding me tight. We pulled apart after a minute, ignoring the honks of passing cars, and Tre moved to get back in the passenger seat.

"Why don't you drive?" I said.

He nodded, smiling. I don't think he'd ever driven a vehicle other than the truck. He slid in, adjusted the seat and the mirrors, put it in first, and promptly stalled out.

I laughed. "It's a tighter clutch than your truck. You have to punch it a little."

He nodded, started the car and tried again, this time he punched the gas, rocketing the powerful little car forward along the shoulder until he had enough speed to match the flow of traffic.

We drove in a companionable silence, Tre lost in his thoughts, me in mine. After about half an hour, traffic thinned out. My hand was on Tre's leg, and I moved it toward his crotch, rubbing the seam of his jeans. He looked at me, a questioning half-smile on his lips.

"Just drive," I told him, grinning a promise at him. "Put it in cruise control."

He did as I told him, and kept his eyes on the road, glancing at me once then back to the road.

I rubbed at him, feeling him thicken under his jeans, pushing against the fabric. We were cruising along an empty highway now, and I unzipped his jeans, unbuttoned them, and reached my fingers between the gap of his boxers. His c*ck was semi-rigid, firming up in my hand as I slipped my palm up and down his growing length. I unbuckled, leaned across and licked him, tonguing the head, tasting his pre-come as it oozed from the tiny hole. I ran my mouth sideways along him, moistening him, rubbing my thumb in circles around his head. He kept his hands clenched on the wheel, struggling to hold his h*ps still.

He was rock-hard now, and I used my saliva on his c*ck as lubrication, pumping my fist around his cock, licking the tip, sucking it. When he started to groan and move his h*ps despite his attempts at control, I took him all the way in my mouth and dipped my head up and down on him, still pumping with one hand.

"I'm...I'm gonna..." Tre gasped, wrapping his fingers in my hair, "Oh, God...I'm coming..."

I felt his c*ck tighten and then salty, liquid heat hit the back of my throat. I sucked hard, still moving my hand on him; he whimpered in the back of his throat, moving his h*ps in small thrusts as I lifted my head free. He glanced down at me, and I gave his c*ck a long, intentional swipe with my tongue, meeting his eyes.

I tucked him back in, zipped him and buttoned him, re-buckling. A car zipped past us just as I sat up, and the man driving gave Tre a knowing grin. The woman just rolled her eyes and shook her head. Tre seemed mortified that they'd correctly assumed what had just happened.

"Do you know them?" I asked.

"No."

"Then why are you worried about what they think? The guy was jealous, I can tell you that much." I laughed. "I bet she's probably not ever given him road-head. She probably doesn't go down on him at all."

Tre tilted his head. "No? Why not?"

I laughed again, realizing this was something else he just didn't have any way of knowing. "Well, sex is like anything else, honey. Not everyone is the same. Some women like giving head, some don't. Some will do it if they're asked to, some won't, and others would rip you a new one for even suggesting it. It's just a personal thing."

"I can't imagine asking you to do that," Tre said. "I mean, I like it a lot, but it seems like something that would have to be your choice."

"That's sweet, Tre, and I wouldn't expect anything different from a guy like you. And that's why I'll keep doing it to you."

"What's that mean? A guy like me?"

"Well, just that you're considerate, and generous. and kind. You think about me, as well as yourself, if not more."

"Well, yeah," Tre said, sounding as if such a thing was obvious.

"Not everyone is like that. It's rare, actually. Most guys don't care about what their partner wants or feels. Sex is about getting them off and that's it."

Tre shrugged. "I guess I was just raised to think about other people. My dad may have been a bad father in some ways, but he did instill some values in me that I think are good things."

I squeezed his hand. "I agree. I think someday your father is going to regret driving you away."

"I don't want to think about him anymore," Tre said.

Silence, then, for several miles.

"Shea? You've...you've done all this before, haven't you? Sex, I mean."

"Tre..." I sighed. "Yeah, I have. Do you really need to ask?"

He shrugged. "Well, I knew, since you were married, and older than me and whatever...I knew you had, and you act like you know what you're doing. I just...I don't like thinking about you with anyone else. I know you don't belong to me or anything, it just-"

"Tre, listen. Yeah, I've done all this before. I know what I'm doing from experience. I'll tell you whatever you want to know about me, but, in my experience, there are some things better left unasked. I'm not keeping secrets from you, please understand that. If you ask me a question, I'll tell the truth. But, please think about it before asking, because once you know, you can't un-know it."

"Were there others besides your ex-husband?"

"A couple, right after I left him. Just quick, one-night things that didn't mean anything and didn't even feel that great. Before you, it had been a while. More than a year, in fact."

Tre nodded. "Why'd you leave him?"

"That's a long, long story, Tre, and not a pretty one."

"We have time."

So I told him. Tre listened intently, not interrupting as I talked about Dan sweeping me away from sleepy old Savannah, going from being a poor country pastor's daughter to being the wife of a wealthy casino magnate, learning about the world and sex and money. Learning about unfaithfulness, and the difference between sex and love. Learning the hard, painful way that Dan expected me to ignore his cheating, but refused to tolerate mine.

We pulled into Jackson as I finished my story.

"Thanks for telling me, Shea," Tre said.

"So...what do you think about me now?" I asked.

He thought before answering. "Well. I think you were just a girl when he took you. I know you went with him, but I don't think you were in any position to make that choice properly. I think you did the best you could, and I think I'm glad you left him." He was silent for a moment, then glanced at me as we stopped at a traffic light.

"Will he come after you?"

I turned to watch the buildings pass by. "No, I don't think so. I left him almost two years ago, and I haven't heard a word from him. He's got the resources to find me, if he wanted to. He's the kind of guy who can afford to pay what it takes to find a person, wherever they are."

"What if he does?"

I sighed. "Let's not borrow trouble, Tre."

I directed him to a hotel and we checked in, and Tre carried his duffel and my little suitcase. I'd only brought a few necessities. I planned to have a moving company pack everything up for me later. We showered separately, and I told Tre to dress nice, as I wanted to go on a date with him. All our time thus far had been spent in bed or at my house. I wanted to take him out, parade him on my arm, show him the big city.

I took him to Nick's in Fondren, and we spent a long evening drinking wine, eating, and talking. I was discovering that what Tre lacked in urban sophistication, he more than made up for in curiosity, eagerness to learn, and a capacity for stimulating conversation.

I found myself staring at him as we talked, watching his black-shadowed chin move, watching his eyes like cinnamon-sprinkled cocoa move with restless energy, his thick, gentle fingers always tapping the table or twisting a napkin or playing with his fork. His ink-dark hair constantly fell across his left eye, and he brushed it aside with a thumb. He was wearing a short sleeve blue button-down that left his biceps almost bare, stretching across his broad chest. He'd buttoned it almost to the collar, but before we left I undid the second button, exposing a portion of his smooth chest.

I had been attracted to Dan, of course. He was the epitome of polished charm, calculated swagger, and sleek, expensive manners. I was, then, just an unfinished corn-fed country girl, decked out in cut-off jean shorts that Daddy wouldn't have approved of, but he was dead so I wore them to spite him for leaving me. Dan drove through Savannah, saw me lounging on a park bench, reading a book, and he proceeded to charm the pants off me, literally. He talked me into his hotel room, got me hot and bothered with well-placed hands and lips, convinced me to let him touch me, got my hands curious with his seductive words and then it was too late, he was already there, poking me with a sharp pinch and slow movements that started to feel good, after the initial pain. After that, it was easy to believe his cool promises and to be impressed by his Jaguar and his Rolex and his easy talk of million-dollar condos. I left Savannah in his Jag without so much as a note to my mother or sisters.

Tre...oh, Tre was different, as opposite as it was possible to be. He wasn't at all polished, and he was unsophisticated in the ways of city life. He stared at the buildings and the people, fascinated by a place as tiny and backwater as Jackson. I imagined him in New York, or Paris, or Beijing, or Johannesburg, and I smiled at the idea. He was so genuine, though, his inherent kindness shone through in everything he did. He was prone to thinking before he answered, and his responses were always well-phrased and articulate. His father, for all his hard-headed, hard-right morality, was an intelligent, educated man who had passed this quality on to his son. There was ruggedness to Tre, though, a wildness to him. He would be at home on a horse, or a hiking trail. He had shown a dangerous side, too, when he punched his father, who wasn't a small man by any means. I thought again, as we walked along the Pearl River, that Tre was wasted in a place like Yazoo City.

We were heading back to our hotel, passing by a narrow alley, the hour late, the city dark and quiet. A young man jumped out at us, wielding a long, wicked knife. He was maybe eighteen, white, his dirty, ragged, appearance, track-scarred arms and rail-thin, gaunt frame proclaiming him a drug addict. He jabbed the knife at me, threatening rather than attacking.

"Give me money," he said, showing yellow, rotting teeth. "Gimme all your money, or I'll kill her."

Tre shifted subtly in front of me, and I willingly moved behind him.

"Why don't you put the knife down and we'll talk," Tre said, holding his hands in front of him.

He sounded calm, but I could see the tension and fear in the curl of his shoulders, the coiled-spring way he stood.

"Shut the f**k up!" Fear, desperation, and raw hunger blazed in the addict's eyes. "Shut up! Money, or you die!"

"Listen, we'll help you," Tre said, taking a slow step forward. "Just put the knife away. We'll get you help. You're sick. You don't need to threaten us."

It happened like a nightmare lightning strike. The dirty young man lashed out with his knife, jabbing forward with the blade up. Tre knocked the blade aside, taking a long, deep cut along the outside of his forearm. He latched onto the knife-arm with his unwounded hand, clamping down with all his strength, twisting the arm upside down and putting his weight onto the stressed joint. The addict screamed, shrill and panicked.

Tre glared into the young man's eyes, and I saw the anger, the pent-up rage burning there, fueled by adrenaline. Tre's fist lifted up, cocked back, lashed out and connected with the other man's jaw. Teeth crumbled and fell loose, accompanied by blood and drool. The knife clattered to the ground, and Tre kicked it away, stepping back from the addict, who was clutching his mouth and moaning.

Tre pulled me away, turning his back on our attacker. I was opening my mouth to warn him when I caught a glimpse of motion from the corner of my eye. I shoved Tre, feeling a cold bite of pain along my shoulder. Tre bounced off the wall, grappled with the addict, who was strengthened now by pain and desperation. Tre was pressed back against the alley wall, the knife closing in on his face, holding it away with one hand, the other bleeding and scrabbling at his opponent's face.

The tableau froze like that for a second that stretched into eternity, and then snapped in a rush. Tre's fingers clamped onto the addict's throat, squeezing his windpipe, crushing it with inexorable fingers. A twist of his body, and Tre was shoving the attacker away, bashing out with a fist like a jackhammer, pounding, pounding, pounding. He was holding the bloody young man's frame up with one hand and bashing with the other, smashing mercilessly.

I found my senses, called Tre's name and touched his shoulder. "It's over, Tre! Let go! Stop!" I pulled him away, pushed him back from the limp form. "Come on, Tre, it's fine. He's down, you won."

Tre shook his head as if to clear it of a fog. He started, looking at the unconscious body at his feet.

"Is he...did I...?"

I knelt down by the body, listening. There was a gasping, gurgling breath, a low, weak moan.

"No, he's alive," I said.

I pulled out my cell phone and dialed 911. The next several hours passed in stretching-toffee blur. We answered questions, got attended by paramedics, who put a bandage on the shallow cut on my shoulder, announcing that Tre needed stitches. The police filed their reports, telling us not to leave Jackson, but that it was unlikely Tre would be charged with anything, as the young man who'd attacked us was wanted in connection with several other muggings. He'd stabbed several people, actually, killing one and wounding the rest.

We went to the hospital, where we sat waiting in silence for an interminable number of hours, time without passage, just a ticking clock, a hard plastic hospital seat and the mobile bed. Eventually the hospital people came, nurses and anesthetists and the doctor, and his arm was stitched up, twenty sutures along his forearm.

It was nearly dawn by the time we got back to our hotel room, and we collapsed into bed, exhausted. I woke with mid-afternoon sun shining on me, snugged against Tre's chest. I let myself wake up slowly, savoring the peace, the muzzy warmth and Tre's skin against my face. After a while I slipped out of bed and took a long shower. When I emerged wrapped in a towel, steam billowing around me, Tre was awake.

"How are you feeling?" I asked.

"Like I could use a shower," he said. "But fine, otherwise."

"All yours, then," I said.

He didn't move, though. His eyes were on me, watching me, so I dropped the towel and did my hair with the bathroom door open, nak*d. I left my face make-up free, since I anticipated it getting smudged in the near future. After I finished brushing my teeth, he got in the shower, and I lay on the bed, watching him through the open door. I felt lust for his body pool in my belly and spread to my thighs. He toweled off, brushed his teeth, oblivious to my gaze. He came out, the towel wrapped around his waist, low and showing that V, that delicious arrowhead leading to his manhood.

I was nak*d on the bed, waiting for him. I lay on my side, supporting my head on my hand. He approached the bed slowly, and the towel around him began to bulge outward. He crossed around to the side of the bed, facing me, looking down at me with desire blazing in his eyes. I kept still, willing him to make the first move. His hands twitched at his sides, then reached for me, and I forced myself to hold still yet longer, even though I desperately wanted to roll over onto my back and pull him down to me and feel his hands on me, devour me, plunder me.

He leaned down, kissed me, one hand propping him up on the bed, the other roving from my hip, caressing my ass with a brief graze before moving up my side, tickling my ribs. He cupped my breast and thumbed my aching, stiffened n**ples, learning now how I liked to be touched. I moaned into his mouth when his fingers traced down from my breast to my p**sy and nudged at me. I lifted my leg aside, granting him access to my opening, and he inserted a gentle pair of fingers into me. I let my hand tug aside the towel and grasp his hardening member as it sprang free, moaning again at the feel of him in my hand, anticipating his entrance into me, huge and hard and so thorough, so satisfying.

He moved to get on the bed, but I stopped him. "I want you to take me from behind," I told him.

"From behind? Like, in the..."

I shook my head and stood up, kissing him, fondling his c*ck as I dipped my tongue into his mouth.

"No, not there, not yet," I said. "I'll show you."

I turned around and bent over the bed, snagging a pillow and stuffing it under my stomach to lift me up farther. Tre pressed himself against me, and my eyes fluttered at the pressure of his hot length against the seam of my ass, his probing tip pressing against my anus. I considered, briefly, putting him in that opening, but decided to leave that for another time. Neither of us was ready for that, just yet. I reached behind me and guided him down to my p**sy, lifting up on my toes and sinking down onto him as he thrust himself in.

I gasped, full of him, wet and ready for him. He moaned, pulsing into me, slowly at first, experimental thrusts. I moved my h*ps against him, encouraging him. I called his name, breathless already. He started to push harder, and then he leaned into me, taking my grinding h*ps in his hands and jerking me into him.

He slowed, suddenly.

"No!" I said. "Don't stop, please!"

"I'm already there," he gasped, "I want you to...come with me."

I pushed my ass down against him, starting my own rhythm. "I will, I will, I promise," I said. "I want to feel you come, I want to feel you lose it, deep inside me."

He started to move again, pushing into me, and the brief pause had brought him back from the edge. He thrust, thrust, thrust, harder now, his hands pulling me with increasing violence into him, a near-savagery that shocked me.

"Yes, yes, Tre! Fuck me so hard," I said, with a gasp and a whimper, "I love it like this, give it to me hard!"

Tre complied, moving harder until he was slamming his c*ck into me, stabbing deep, pushing into the very uttermost depths of my p**sy, drawing ecstasy from me with each push. He came hard, blasting his seed into me, groaning and crying my name, "Shea, Shea, yes, Shea!"

His hands were rough and strong on my hips, pulling me into him as he came. My orgasm began as he buried himself with slow, hard thrusts into me, and I clawed the pillow as small explosions rocked through me.

"Don't stop, don't stop!" I said, shoving my buttocks into him furiously, gasping his name now in the rhythm of his thrusts into me.

I came with explosive fury, and he felt it, caught the intensity of it and redoubled his frenzied ramming into me, even though he was already done and his come dripping out of me now. He kept going, kept going, softening but still filling me, driving the orgasm to an agonizing roar of rapturous delight through me, until I was sobbing and limp, my folds sore from his passion, throbbing with pulsating pleasure.

He picked me up in his arms, and easily lifted me to the bed, gathered me against him, suddenly as tender as he had been savage a moment ago. Our breathing matched, quick, heaving gasps, as we lay together sweat-slick and spent.

When I could breathe, I said, "Oh my good Lord, Tre...I have never in my life been f**ked that hard."

"I didn't hurt you did I?" Tre said, apprehensive now.

"It's a good hurt, baby," I said. "I loved it. I love making you lose control on me. You'd never hurt me on purpose, I know that."

"I did hurt you, though." It wasn't a question.

"I'll be a bit tender for a few minutes, yes. You were very...passionate."

He looked at me across the pillow, his eyes sorrowful and apologetic. "I'm so sorry, Shea, I shouldn't have...I don't know what came over me, I just...something about that position, I felt you and I just...I lost it. I didn't mean to hurt you, I'm so, so sorry."

I rolled over on top of him, took his face in my hands. His tenderness and abject pain at the thought of having hurt me was too much, too deep. It pierced my heart, pulled down more of the walls I'd been trying to put up between my inner soul and the feelings that were developing for Tre.

"Listen to me, baby," I said, letting the affectionate name drop with intentional emphasis. "You didn't hurt me, okay? Not like you're thinking. I'm completely fine. You were wonderful, so, so wonderful. I would have stopped you if you were actually hurting me. I promise. I loved it. Do you hear me? I wanted you to lose control. I wanted it hard. Did you hear me telling you to give it to me? I was saying that because it felt good, so, so good."

Tre searched my eyes, looking for the lie, for the covering up of his feelings, or the hint that would tell him I was just trying to pacify him. I held his rough cheeks in my hands and let him look, tried to put everything into my gaze. I let the conflict, the burgeoning love...yes, love...the fear, all of it.

At length he lay back down, satisfied with what he saw.

"Baby?" he asked, between the spaces of our synchronized heart beats.

I nodded. "Baby. Honey. Sweetie." I tilted my head to look up at him across his chest. "I can think of others."

"Baby. No one has ever called me that."

"You were wonderful, baby. Thank you" I said it as tenderly as I could.

His chest swelled with a long breath, and imagined the inbreath was the swelling of my love expanding into him. I was terrified of loving him, terrified more still that he would love me back. I knew he did, which is why it scared me. We were in uncharted waters for both of us. I didn't know how to love any more than he did. I had never loved Dan, nor been loved by him.

"I still don't know what came over me, why I went crazy like that."

"I do."

He cocked an eyebrow at me. "You do?"

"Well, it was two things. One, the adrenaline from last night, the rush of testosterone and all that. You went warrior on that guy, protecting your lady-which was hot, by the way. Seeing you fight to protect me, it was scary then, but thinking about it now gets me wet for you all over again. And number two, I think you just really like taking me from behind."

"It did feel incredible," he said.

"Good," I said. "I'll give it to you like that whenever you want. I like it too."

More silence, and then his voice, tense: "I really messed that guy up."

I thought for a moment, trying to formulate the best response. "You were protecting me, and yourself. He would have killed one or both of us. You did what you had to." I rubbed my hands on his chest as I spoke. "The police didn't seem to think you were at fault either, so that has to tell you something."

"True," he said. "It was just scary. I saw him lunge at you, saw the knife cut you, and I went berserk."

"I know. It's okay. It's an instinct." I let my hand roam south along his torso, cupping his testicles, feeling them tighten in response to my touch; he would be ready again soon, and so would I. "And like I said, it turns me on. A woman likes to feel safe, and now I know you can and will protect me."

He smiled at me, rolling over to kiss me. It was a long, slow, tender kiss, full of the new spikes of love between us. This time, instead of blossoming immediately into lustful twisting and rubbing, we let the kiss go, let it curl around us and through us, merging our hearts and souls in a way no sexual act ever could. I felt his arms around me, and the knowledge that he was willing to risk death to protect me gave wings to my new-found love for Tre.

I don't know how long we kissed, how long we delved into each other; it could have been five minutes, or it could have been five hours. All I know is at some point, without either of us instigating it, Tre was on top of me, moving inside me with exquisite gentility, eyes boring into me, questioning. I was still a little sore, but he was gentle, and I felt nothing but the pleasure of his love, the heart-cracking wellspring of emotion in his eyes, in the slow, delicious strokes of him inside me. There was no weight against me, just him gliding deep and pulling back, just his lips against mine, against my br**sts, our stomachs touching, brushing. This time, we came at the same moment, a long rolling ocean of pleasure, our breaths hitching into sobs, our hearts tangled and merged.

We slept again, deep and without dreams, wrapped in each other, content in a soul-deep way.

For the second time since I first slept with Tre, I was woken by the sound of angry pounding on the door. There was no furious shouting, though, and some primal instinct clamped around my heart.

"Will you answer that, Tre?" I asked, fear make my voice tiny.

He didn't answer, just stood up, wrapped a towel around his hips, and strode confidently to the door, fists curled at his sides. I clutched the sheet to my chest, terrified at who I knew was on the other side of the door.

Tre blocked my view, but I heard the angry, familiar voice. "Who the hell are you? Where's Shea?"

Tre's voice was cold, hard, and threatening. "What do you want?"

"I want my wife!"

I saw Tre flinch, then straighten and step forward, pushing Dan backwards. "Shea isn't your wife anymore, Dan. She doesn't belong to you. Leave now."

I heard then the unmistakable sound of a pistol's slide being drawn back.

"She'll always belong to me."

