Prologue

A spine-chilling crack jerked Imogen's attention to the center of the atrium. There, nestled among charred heaps of vampires and Sentinel-their bodies still smoldering-stood the snow-white marble woman, quietly reaching for the heavens. The sorceress's nostrils curled in disgust, the smell of death permeating the air.

Twelve hours ago, Imogen led the strike on the Manhattan lair of the two most notorious vampires. She and her band of twenty-four witches exploded through the iron gates, trailing two hundred spelled Sentinel-fools who had proven useful as bloody bait to distract the horde of vampires seeking asylum. The attack, which took months of planning and one timely sorceress kidnapping, was devastatingly successful.

A few leeches escaped, including the three targets. Disappointing, but not entirely unexpected. At least now they had the vampire lair and whatever lay protected within these walls. Something here had kept those two monsters cocooned for over a hundred years, believing they were invisible. Something involving Sofie's sister, based on what Imogen's spy-Ileana-divulged. What exactly, no one knew. Ileana had tried gently prodding into Viggo's mind, but it was impregnable. Either way, the sorceresses now had the building and all its secrets within.

They quickly secured the entrance with an illusion spell to cover the destruction of the entrance way and re-established the Merth barrier-that wonderful vampire-paralyzing substance that Imogen had only heard of from the legends but had never seen. From there, the sorceresses introduced the next level of their strategy.

Until this new development ...

Gasps surrounded Imogen as the group watched tiny fissures spider across the statue's torso like ice cracking over a lake. The cracks expanded, crawling up her arms and neck, all the way down to her ankles.

"What's happening?" Imogen hissed. When she didn't get an immediate response, she turned to the group, her wild mane of billowing black and silver-streaked hair enhancing the menace in her eyes. "Maybe there's something inside." Imogen answered her own question. A new enemy. Ten tiny flames appeared at Imogen's fingertips. The other sorceresses followed suit, arming themselves with magic, ready to quash the new threat about to reveal itself.

An avalanche of marble smashed to the floor as the statue crumbled. Gauzy white fabric appeared first, followed by creamy legs ... arms ... shoulders ... long chestnut ringlets spilled down as the marble disappeared around the creature's back, revealing a young woman.

A stir of suspicion unsettled Imogen. She had heard the stories ... "But how?" The question barely touched her lips, her whisper so soft.

"Human?" someone whispered from behind her. Dozens of purple coils, invisible to a human, shot forward like probing tentacles to interrogate the unraveled creature. The coils cocooned the creature's frail body, caressing her cheeks, probing her body, attempting to penetrate her vital organs in search of information. The magical coils dissolved as they made contact. Several gasps of realization echoed.

"She's immune to our magic!" Imogen hissed, now flabbergasted. "How is that possible?" No one hazarded an explanation. Every sorceress stood, frozen. Watching, waiting.

Long eyelashes fluttered as the creature blinked to focus on her surroundings. "Allo?" She called out hesitantly."Allo? Est-il temps?"

"Who is she? Is she French? Why can't our magic touch her?" The panicked questions began, the group looking to their leader for answers.

Imogen lifted her chin, exuding confidence she didn't feel at this moment. "Let's find out, shall we?" She stepped forward. Inside, panic whirled. No, it couldn't be ... how on earth had that redheaded bitch pulled this off?

"Oui! Enfin!" The young woman cried out in relief, an angelic smile spreading across her face, oblivious to the imminent threat approaching her. As Imogen advanced, she watched olive green orbs widen, taking in her surroundings-the smoldering ash, the destroyed building, the ring of witches, fingers ablaze, the crumbled marble around her feet. The smile slid off her beautiful face.

Imogen stopped twenty feet away, sidestepping a pile of corpses. "Who are you?"

Confusion flashed across the woman's pretty face, "Veronique ..."

Imogen breathed a giant sigh of triumph as whispers drifted among the witches. They had all heard the sordid tale of Sofie's sister. It was legend. Rumor had it she simply disappeared one day. All had assumed one of her two leech lovers killed her. But now they knew what those three had done. And they had her.

"Where is Sofie?" Veronique asked timidly, switching to English. Her brow furrowed, her startled eyes roamed, suddenly halting, latching onto one of the ash mounds. Imogen watched the woman study the mounds more intently. Recognition finally passed over those haunting olive eyes and she released a blood-curdling scream.

"Quick! Secure her!" Imogen commanded. There was no reason, though. Veronique collapsed into an unconscious heap on the dais, smacking her forehead on a jagged piece of marble. A small pool of blood formed beneath her. "So ... now we have Sofie's sister." Imogen's lips curved into a smile as she reached for her cell phone. The Sect would want to know. "When she wakes up, let's get as much information out of her as possible. Any means necessary," she added. Probing spells wouldn't work. It would take good old brute force; likely little of it. "They'll be coming back for this one and we'll be ready."

1. Flee-Evangeline

"You okay?" Caden asked, concern pouring from his beautiful jade eyes as he gazed down at me, my head nestled in his lap. His index finger lazily traced the contours of my face, his pattern gentle, repetitive. Conflicting waves of calm and excitement rippled through me.

Finally ... with Caden. I smiled shyly up at him from my resting place, my body curled across three seats of Viggo's private jet, welcoming the abrupt turn of events with open arms. Fewer than twelve hours ago, I was consumed by desperation, swarmed by a dark magic, terrified of what my life would become. Only days ago, I was exiled in the most isolated part of the world with little hope that I would see his beautiful smile outside of distant memories ever again. Now I lay, alternating between unconsciousness and splendor, quietly memorizing Caden's perfect lips and scattered chestnut brown hair, still in shock that he was here, with me, on Earth. And he hadn't tried to kill me.

I reached up with tentative fingers to touch the patch of gauze on my neck. My body was still weak, recuperating from the loss of blood. Every time I tried to sit upright, purple and black swirls filled my vision and vomit blossomed into my throat. Damn, that psychotic Rachel went down with a fight ...

A vertical line formed between Caden's eyes. "Hey ... talk to me."

"Yeah, I'll be okay," I finally whispered, grimacing as a sharp pain speared my left eardrum. "My ears are popping."

As if in response, the jet's engine rumbled loudly, signaling a distinct shift in speed and altitude. Caden leaned down to plant a chaste kiss on my cheek. "We'll be landing soon," he murmured softly in my good ear, nuzzling his nose against my lobe, sending shivers to the tips of my toes.

I curled my hand around Caden's broad shoulder as leverage to pull myself up, hoping I could handle the vertical position for more than ten seconds without vomiting or passing out. "Has she told us where we're going yet?" I slid my feet off the seat to touch the floor next to Max. The werebeast was stretched out on the floor, by my side.

"No, she hasn't," Sofie answered for him in her silky French accent, smoothly swooping in to take the now-vacant spot next to me. She stared fixedly at my neck wound, as if she could see through the bandage with x-ray vision. I wouldn't be surprised if half my neck was missing, recalling the viciousness of Rachel's bite. Worse, Sofie couldn't heal me. It had something to do with the Tribe's magic that coursed through my veins. Toxic magic-poisonous to vampires, counteractive to witch magic. Technically, my body was now a weapon. An impermeable contaminated weapon that couldn't be healed and could not be turned into an immortal. At least the poison was contained ...

Either way, I could tell by the angry glint in Sofie's eyes that her not being able to fix me was driving her insane. For eighteen years, she had lingered quietly in the shadows-guarding over me, plotting and scheming against any potential threats to my being. My own slightly overbearing maternal vampire sorceress. Arguably, her involvement in my life had caused more harm than good. She didn't intend for any of it, I knew that. And though she had cursed me, she had tested every limit to protect me since then. I could be angry with her for all of this. I could despise her. But then I wouldn't have met Caden ...

"Are you going to tell us soon?" I pressed, though it didn't matter where we were going, I thought, as I gave Caden's hand a tight squeeze. He was with me. For today, for tomorrow, for however long before the impending war and my certain death if I couldn't rid myself of this magic ... I heaved a resigned sigh. It hadn't sunk in yet ...

Sofie's full red lips pressed together tightly as she stared off, deep in thought, as if she had reconciled herself to a decision but was not pleased with it.

"We do have somewhere safe to go ... right?" I asked hesitantly. Now that it was clear the Sentinel and the witches had aligned for the destruction of the vampire species, "somewhere safe" might not exist.

Sofie sighed and nodded reluctantly. "Yes, there is one place that should be fairly safe, though ... it's not the best place to go. It's not comfortable. I just don't ..."

"Paris!" Viggo cut in, sounding annoyed by Sofie's waffling. "The outskirts of it."

I looked to where the two-thousand-year-old vampire sat cross-legged in a row of seats behind me, his suit perfectly pressed, his expression unruffled. A small wooden box rested on his lap, held casually in his manicured grasp. There was nothing casual about it, though. That box held Veronique's pendant, my noose until not long ago, and the key to her release. Viggo would take this plane and everyone down with him before parting with it again.

Viggo's unsettling icy blue eyes analyzed me, scrutinized my face. He was likely trying to read my emotions. Vampires could do that. When used on a human, it bordered on mind-reading, made easier when the subject was a human who wears her emotions like an apron-as I tended to do. I fought against the urge to flinch under his gaze. So unfriendly, so cold. Not surprising. He was a psychopath, after all. Less than a day ago, he would gladly have killed me to get what he wanted. In fact, that was his plan. Now, though, for the first time in a long time, he wasn't trying to kill me. He had basically ignored me since I'd woken up in his jet. I was more than fine with that.

"What's in Paris?" I forced out the question and self-consciously smoothed out my sweater and jeans, silently thanking Amelie for switching clothes with me earlier. Even cocooned within a navy wool blanket, I was constantly fidgeting, checking to see that I wasn't exposing myself to Viggo and Mortimer. After an hour of watching me fret, Amelie had all but dragged me back to the jet's only bedroom to swap clothes, insisting I was a prude. Of course the risque Tribal outfit didn't bother her. She could strut unfazed down a catwalk in front of a million gawkers in nothing but a thin layer of mud. And upon her return to the main cabin, she certainly did strut ... all the way back to Julian's side. Other than an occasional furtive glance down at a smattering of my dried blood on the material, Amelie was too busy fawning over him to mind wearing what was hardly more than a chewed-up bikini.

Julian certainly didn't mind the outfit switch. He didn't mind anything about Amelie, including the fact that she was a vampire. Julian, my partner-in-exile who hated vampires, was twisted into amorous knots over Amelie. Julian, the secret Sentinel spy who would be skinned alive if anyone on board discovered his dirty little secret, was busy fumbling with Amelie's springy blond curls and giving her googly eyes. But Julian was in rough shape, still healing from Ursula's attack. He would be dead if not for the Tribe's crazy body-burning voodoo magic. Unfortunately for him, that same Tribe magic that saved him from dying now kept Sofie from healing him. He was just like me.

But in his few bouts of consciousness, while he stared up at Amelie as if she were an angel descending from the heavens, whose sole purpose was to rescue him, anyone could see he was fully enamored. I could see it in his eyes, in his smile, in the way his fingers cautiously grazed her hand. It was like watching longtime friends who had just discovered their love for each other, though they had only met hours ago.

But Julian had a secret and I was the only one who knew. He was the enemy. The People's Sentinel spy, marked by them to collect information on Viggo and Mortimer. He said it meant nothing, but I didn't know if I could believe him. I discovered it back in the Tribe's camp, when he was left with me, his body scarcely covered with a blanket. The telltale curved cross tattoo on his butt told me immediately who he was. How could I forget? The Sentinel had already tried to kill me once. The mark was firmly emblazoned on my mind.

And now Amelie, my other best friend, the one who had waited seven hundred years in a humanless Hell to find another boyfriend after accidentally killing her own, was falling fast and hard for Julian, and there was nothing I could do. Say anything and it was a death sentence for him and heartbreak for her. I didn't want to be the one to deliver either of those verdicts. So I averted my eyes and tried not to think about it for fear of someone reading my mood and figuring it out. How on earth they hadn't yet was beyond me ... It was only a matter of time.

"Do you have a house there?" I asked Sofie, eager for a distraction. It would make sense if she did, being Parisian.

"I used to," she answered cryptically.

"I still don't understand why we're not heading back to New York to blow those miserable witches to smithereens," Viggo said in his casually suggestive tone. "It would be such a shame for that beautiful home, but it's replaceable. A much faster resolution, if you ask me."

"And you've proven yourself to have wise judgment time and time again," Mage answered from her corner of the plane, in her typically tranquil voice. I instinctively shrunk against Caden's chest as I felt her cold, almond-shaped orbs shift to me. I still didn't understand why Sofie trusted her now.

"It's too risky to Veronique, even if she's in a statue," Sofie agreed with a warning tone.

Oh no ... dirty little secret number two. My stomach tightened as visions of the Fifth Avenue mansion engulfed in flames swarmed my mind. Not too risky, Sofie. Deadly. A hundred and twenty years ago, Sofie magically encased her sister in a white marble statue, frozen in time until she could fix the vampire venom issue she had created with her magic. The plan was to release Veronique once it was solved so she could choose who she'd spend her eternal life with-Viggo or Mortimer. Little did they know, the protective marble walls of that statue came crumbling down when the Tribe chief used his magic to free me from the pendant's curse. I don't know how or why. It had something to do with our hearts being linked because of the Causal Enchantment Sofie cast.

It didn't matter. What mattered was that Veronique had been released from her protective cocoon and was now in the clutches of our enemies. No one except Caden and I knew.

I pumped Caden's hand once in a nervous gesture. His responding squeeze pulsed serenity through me. With every fiber of my being, I knew we had to keep that knowledge buried. If Viggo, Mortimer, or Sofie found out, blowing up a square block of Manhattan would be the least of our problems. From what Caden had told me earlier, that retaliation was exactly what could spark the end of the world.

"Well, there's no reason we need to go to France. North America has enough cover for us," Viggo muttered sullenly.

"You know why, and you agreed to go along without complaint, remember?" Sofie answered through clenched teeth. Viggo had that effect on her. A permanent effect.

"Yes, I recall. On penalty of death ... And I warned you we'd be better off creating our own group of young followers than trusting her," Viggo pressed.

Her? Who is he talking about? What are they conspiring over now? I looked at Caden but he shook his head. Not now, he was saying.

"We don't have time to babysit a bunch of blood-crazed babies!" Sofie spat back. "This could spiral down in months! Weeks! Days! We have no idea what they're planning ..."

"That's exactly how the mess in our world began," Mage added in a low, steady voice. "One trigger, one attack, and our fate spiraled out of control. Are you trying to end this world faster, Viggo?"

Viggo sniffed but otherwise remained silent, moping. His words finally clicked in my mind. Young followers. Viggo's strategy was to create an army of vampires to fight against the witches. Now I understood. I watched Viggo and Sofie share a silent look. Tension sat heavy in the air, as thick as smog. I didn't know what was going on, why Viggo was here, why Sofie trusted him, why Viggo seemed compliant to Sofie. Viggo, compliant? And what was that "penalty of death" comment? Sofie was always threatening Viggo with death. What made him listen this time?

It seemed that Sofie had somehow appropriated the role of leader now, instead of ceaseless rival and combatant. I figured it had something to do with her continued control over Veronique's situation, being the only one who could release her. But still, this was beyond bizarre ... How long had I been unconscious for?

Amelie broke the pending conflict with her sweet, excited voice. "We had a city named Paris. It had the best shopping and nightlife and ..." Her eyes twinkled with delight as she reminisced, her cheeks crinkling in a large smile. But then something dawned on her and her voice trailed off. "I guess they'd be the same Paris, right?"

Mage offered Amelie an apologetic smile and a slight nod. I had caught little bits of how the ancient Council leader had compelled them all to believe it was a different world by the name of Ratheus. It wasn't, though. It was Earth in an alternate universe. Same Paris, same world, same doom.

And I would be an instrumental part of making it happen again. That fact burdened me like a concrete block on my shoulders in the bottom of a lake. All I wanted was Caden, my friends, and a life without the handcuffs of this curse. Was that too much to ask? I'd already lost so much. Part of my childhood, my mother ...

A soft finger running along my bottom lip drew my attention to Caden. Beautiful, sweet, thoughtful Caden ... I had him ... Had I known what my choices could spark, would I have chosen differently? Would I have left him in Ratheus? Deep down in my heart, though I abhorred admitting it to myself and could never confess it to anyone else, the answer was no. And now my selfishness could lead to the demise of the world.

Mortimer's booming voice yanked me from my silent torment. "We're not going there to frolic about, Amelie." The dark, brooding vampire had remained the silent observer in the entire exchange between his rival and his redheaded nemesis. In fact, he had remained in a corner, silent, for most of the flight.

Amelie scowled at Mortimer's brusque reminder. She turned away from him, seemingly disgusted, to peer down at a dozing Julian. The scowl instantly disappeared, replaced by a grin of unabated adoration. A grin that slid into my heart like a long, thin needle.

So glad to be back with Mr. Chuckles, Max grumbled in my head, no doubt referring to his previous master. With a sigh, I smiled and leaned down to give the giant werebeast's thick neck a squeeze. My guardian, my sanity, my friend, all in the form of an immortal canine who could communicate telepathically and hadn't left my side in over a month, risking his safety for me countless times, saving me from death more than once. It was because of him that I had survived for this long. Max, Sofie, Julian, Leo ... all of them had played a hand.

But not everyone had been so lucky ...

With reluctance, I peered over to where Bishop sat huddled in a ball. I choked back a sob for the hundredth time. His angular cheekbone rested against the window as he stared out vacantly, a million miles away. Or at least a few thousand, back in Manhattan where his true love lay, charred in a heap of ash. He had watched Fiona burn, struck down by the witches, unable to do anything to stop it, and now he was lost. He hadn't spoken a word since. He refused all offers of blood with nothing more than a growl. My heart ached every time I looked over at him, hoping this was all a mistake, hoping that I'd see Fiona's violet eyes twinkling back at us. But I had seen those eyes firsthand, and they were no longer twinkling. She was never coming back.

We had lost Julian's sister, Valentina, as well as my dear grandfatherly guardian Leo, in the mountains. Fiona in Manhattan ... so many and the war hadn't even begun. Who would be next?

The plane's lights flashed and reflected off the bed of clouds as our plane cut through. "Fifteen more minutes," Sofie whispered. I couldn't help but sense trepidation in her voice. Weird. Sofie was normally so good at hiding her unease. Suddenly, Mage and Sofie vanished from their seats. They reappeared in Bishop's corner opposite each other, Bishop sandwiched in the middle. Sofie loomed in front of him, Mage behind. Bishop's cold charcoal eyes narrowed suspiciously as they raised to meet Sofie's. She met his look with one of intense determination and I saw recognition flitter on his face, his expression and posture changing to that of a caged animal, ready to spring. Wild eyes darted around the cabin as if searching for an escape route.

"What's going on?" I whispered to Caden, gripping his muscular forearm tightly. Too tightly probably but, then again, I couldn't hurt him.

Caden pulled me closer until my back was pressed up against his chest, but he said nothing. Amelie mimicked the protective position with Julian, now conscious and sitting up wide-eyed and confused.

Sofie's lips began moving subtly, inaudibly. Her hands rose, her fingertips spread apart. A deep growl of protest escaped Bishop's sullen mouth. Mage instantly pounced on him, one delicate arm wrapped around his neck in a headlock while the other pushed down on his shoulder. Bishop fought back, his tall lean body thrashing from side to side, attempting to twist out of Mage's grasp. Her knuckles whitened as her fingers dug into his collarbone.

And then Bishop stopped moving. Mage backed away, freeing him to run. He didn't. He was stationary. Not a twitch of a finger, not a shift of a foot. Nothing but his pupils rolling over the cabin.

Instantly, I knew what had happened. "A spell," Caden whispered, echoing my bewildered thoughts.

"But ... why? I don't understand. He's not going to hurt us!" I said.

With strong, forceful hands, Caden gripped my arms and turned me around to face him. He gently caressed my cheekbone with a single finger. "That's where you're wrong," he answered softly. A shiver ran down my spine. "Bishop has only one thing on his mind, Evangeline ... revenge. He's been eyeing that emergency exit since Sofie announced we weren't going back to New York."

I frowned, shaking my head. I hadn't noticed. But ... that didn't make sense. "He could have done a swan dive from thirty-thousand feet and survived, so why wait?" I argued.

"You. You stopped him."

My face pinched, my confusion deepening.

"If he broke the seal of the door up here, we would lose cabin pressure and the plane would crash. You wouldn't survive. He knows that," Caden explained, squeezing my shoulders. "But I'm sure he was planning on bolting the second he thought it was safe enough."

"And we can't have him doing that," Sofie interrupted, taking her place beside me once again. She smiled sympathetically. "We don't know what is waiting for us in Manhattan. There's an army of witches there, armed with Merth. The last thing we need is Bishop starting a one-man war with them on the streets of New York. He'd get himself killed."

Bishop, dead? No ... But this? I looked over at him, our broken friend, sitting upright, his hands folded on his lap, as if his body were bound by cords of rope. Invisible magic rope. Wasn't there another option?

"I know you don't like it. I don't like doing it, either," Sofie went on as if reading my mind, which I'm sure she likely was doing. She offered a reassuring pat on my knee.

I looked over at Bishop again and sucked in a deep breath as his eyes fixed on me, raw pain screaming, begging for relief. Begging for freedom from his internal agony as we sat here, plotting ... "How long does he have to stay like that?" I asked in a pained voice, feeling like a wolverine had taken up residence inside me and was tearing apart my insides.

Sofie's brow furrowed deeply as she squeezed my knee again. "Until I figure out something better. It doesn't hurt, I promise. The spell works like a live current. If I break it to cast another powerful spell, or because I'm injured, which happens frequently," she gave Viggo a sidelong glare, "the binding will fall apart. It's not ideal." Like the spell Ursula had used on Max and his brothers, back in the mountains. Julian attacked her-his sister, possessed by a vengeful witch-with antlers in order to break the binding and save us.

With one last forlorn look at Bishop, I took a deep breath, forcing myself to be practical. Sofie was only doing what was best for Bishop and for the rest of the world. She was right. We needed to protect him from himself.

Another stabbing pain jetted through my eardrum, signaling further descent. "You haven't told me where we're going yet, Sofie."

Her smile was both sad and contented. "Home."

***

"This is home?" I asked as we passed through a set of swirly iron gates, anchored in a solid-looking, ten-foot brick wall. All nine of us, plus Max, were crammed into a giant black SUV limousine resembling a tank. Sofie didn't acknowledge me, her focus fixed elsewhere, a bittersweet gleam glean in her eyes. She was miles away. Years ago, in a former life.

I peered out the window as our vehicle snaked along the winding road, taking in acres of rolling snow-blanketed hills, speckled with stately trees, illuminated by the half-moon that cast a spotlight over the silent, sleeping night. Ahead and to our right was a clearing of pristine snow, a large dip at its center. A frozen pond, perhaps. For some reason, I imagined a tiny redheaded girl splashing around in it during the summer, smiling, happy, free.

"Look up there," Caden whispered, pulling me closer to him. I leaned over until his cheek was only inches from mine. He hadn't let go of me since the moment we stepped off the plane, as if determined to be physically attached to me at all times, something I was more than willing to permit.

I followed his pointed finger to a mesmerizing sea of white lights lining the road. Hundreds of thousands of twinkling lights, coiled like snakes around naked tree branches. "Christmas lights," I whispered breathlessly. It was almost Christmas, an event I had completely forgotten about given the circumstances. As we got closer, the trees convened above the drive, creating a spectacular half-mile-long tunnel of glittering lights. I gazed up in awe, speechless.

"Pretty, isn't it?" Sofie murmured. "I have someone put up lights every year, even though I don't come here anymore ..."

"Pretty doesn't cut it."

"We should have known you'd kept this place," Mortimer grumbled, though with a touch of admiration in his voice. "You buried your trail well. Even I couldn't find your fingerprints when I looked into it."

Sofie answered with a smile. "And aren't you happy I did? It's been so long since ..." Her voice drifted off for a moment. Since what? "No one will link it with us. At least not in the immediate future."

I inhaled another sharp breath as our vehicle crested over a small hill to reveal an enormous stone-covered castle with three stories of windows and a dozen chimneys. Spiraling turrets jutted out of the steep roofs, interspersed with evenly spaced oval dormers. The place oozed of history-hundreds of years of it-and yet was pristinely maintained as if only recently built.

"Did you grow up here, Sofie?" I asked, a mixture of awe and excitement that I may finally be sneaking a glimpse of Sofie's human past.

She shook her head. "No, but I did spend an awful lot of time here at one point in my life." Again, that forlorn tone that Sofie normally hid so well glinted through in her words.

The circular drive wrapped around a fountain and sleeping garden. With the wheels coming to a squeaking stop, Caden cracked open the door. Crisp winter air swirled in, enveloping me. I shivered.

Finally! Max's massive body shoved us out of the way as he leapt out of the truck with the agility of a house cat instead of a three-hundred-pound werebeast. He stretched his long legs before prancing toward the front door.

I followed him out of the truck, my leather boots-another swap from Amelie-landing softly in the freshly fallen snow. Sofie was already out and gazing up at one of the windows, a nostalgic smile on her plump, always-red lips. "How long has it been since you've been back here?" I asked, my arms hugging my ill-dressed body against the cold.

"Too long," was all she said, so softly, and then I watched her walk toward the grand carved mahogany doors.

Fingers cupped my elbow. "Come on, let's get inside." Caden pulled me snug against his broad chest. "Your temperature's dropping." As usual, Caden was ever in tune with my body. I felt my cheeks redden, even in the wintry cold.

I'm not sure what I'd expected, entering this uninhabited estate. Not comfortable, Sofie had said. She'd made it sound like no one had stepped into it in a hundred years. Perhaps cavernous, vacant rooms with dust lingering in the air and white sheets cloaking antique, scratchy armchairs. Maybe a mouse or two scurrying past, unimpressed with our invasion. But stepping into the foyer was like being transported into a glamorous old world-one of warmth and comfort and elegance. Of Sofie.

"I wouldn't let this place fall apart," Sofie mused without prompting, her sharp heels echoing through the entrance as she stepped across the mosaic-patterned tile of cream and white marble. "I called ahead to ensure it was ready."

A grand staircase stretched out directly ahead of us, lined with burgundy and gold-trimmed carpet, illuminated by a gigantic chandelier, complete with tiers and crystals. Halfway up, the staircase split off in two different directions. It would easily hold my entire high school graduation class on it. I'd never seen anything so large in my life, outside of movies. I watched the stairs expectedly, waiting for a princess to make a grand entrance, complete with tiara and ball gown. Two identical hallways reached out endlessly from my left and my right, each dimly lit with wall sconces and adorned with molding and artwork as far as the eye could see.

Viggo and the others stepped in behind us, stomping snow off their boots. Mortimer carried an immobile Bishop over one shoulder. He dropped him to the ground, propping him up against a wall. Amelie stalked in barefoot, Julian's arm hanging over her shoulder for support. "Nice," they said in unison. Julian's mouth stretched into a wide grin and Amelie erupted in giggles.

I feel like I'm watching a teen B-movie, Max muttered, not impressed with their adolescent love-struck silliness.

"Allo?" Sofie called out expectedly. "Allo!"

I heard shuffling from the right hall and turned to see four women and two men appear in a processional, rambling in their native French. The staff, based on their formal matching black-and-white uniforms.

"Bonjour," Sofie greeted graciously. Hello, that much I understood. Then she rattled off a slew of sentences in that beautiful Parisian French dialect. I couldn't understand a word, but I didn't mind. Between the mountain yetis' muttering and the Tribe's guttural grunts and groans, I was used to not understanding anything. I'd take Sofie's French any day.

Satisfied with whatever they'd discussed, Sofie clapped her hands together. "Bon!" She turned back to us, gesturing to the portly middle-aged lady to my right. "Gabriella here is the head of the house. She will help you with anything you need. Evangeline, your room has been prepared. It's upstairs, the seventh door on the left. Your room adjoins with mine. You've suffered quite an ordeal. Make sure you get lots of rest." Her cool eyes darted to Caden and then back to me. I nodded, my cheeks flushing, knowing what she was implying. Part of me bloomed with warmth over her maternal tendencies. No one had shown concern for me since my own mother died five years earlier. The other part bristled with annoyance. Seriously? I'm eighteen, I haven't seen Caden in a month, and the end of the world is coming!

"Sofie," Mage called out, her focus drifting to the staff. "Perhaps it would be a good idea to check for double agents?" Double agents. The People's Sentinel with their markings hidden instead of brazenly displayed on the inside of their thumbs ...

My breath caught. Julian.

Sofie frowned. "There's no way ... they don't know about this place." She dismissed Mage's insinuation.

Yes, thank you, Sofie.

But then an acknowledging look passed over Sofie's face. "You know what? You're right. No chances."

A bolt of panic shot up my spine. If they decided to check everyone ... They might. If they're being that cautious over the staff, why not with the rest of us? Trying not to move my head, my eyes strained to the left to catch Julian's face. He was still pale from his injury; however, I was sure his face had paled a shade or two more. Damn these vampires and their suspicious nature!

I took a few calming breaths as Sofie began naming off potential threats, using her fingers to count, trying to calm myself before my emotions gave Julian's secret away. "So we should check these six ... the two in the kitchen ..." Not Julian. Please! "... the one groundskeeper ..." Please don't ...

"How are you going to check them?" I blurted out, staring at the staff who waited silently, not a shred of wariness on their faces. I don't think any of them spoke English. Thank goodness.

Sofie stared back at me with an amused expression and when she spoke, it was as if she were talking to a child. "There's only one way, Evangeline ..."

"But ...," I stammered, stalling, "where do they put the tattoos?"

She shrugged. "I don't know, but if they're there, we'll find them."

Full-on strip search. My cheeks flushed.

"Evangeline, are you all right?" Mage asked, peering at me curiously.

"Yes, I ... uh ... " They know, they can smell it on me. I'm a walking calamity! I leak secrets! "It's just embarrassing for them, that's all," I explained, working hard to suppress my rising panic. In truth, I had no interest in watching an eight-act strip show of the staff. More, though, I had no interest in watching Julian dismembered.

"Oh, don't worry. We'll compel them. None of them will remember a thing," Sofie said reassuringly, her eyes twinkling, her lips pursed as if ready to burst out laughing.

"But ... can't you just read their mood to see if they're lying?"

Mage shook her head. "Back on Ratheus, the witches figured out how to mask that truth in some of their spies. I don't know how, but we must assume the same is possible here."

"You don't need to be here for this if it's that uncomfortable," Caden offered. "We could go upstairs."

Oh, my dear sweet Caden! "Yes!" I exclaimed a little too loudly, seeing our opportunity for escape. I peeled away from Caden without a second thought, darting forward to lock onto Julian's arm, my fingers digging into his forearm, one hand grabbing his and squeezing it reassuringly. "We'll be upstairs if you need us." I began tugging Julian with me before anyone could speak, rushing up the steps. Please leave him alone. Please forget about checking him.

"Wait!"

My body stiffened at the sound of Sofie's voice, and I knew Julian's body was as rigid as mine. We turned in unison, slowly. Sofie's focus was on Julian. Oh God, oh no ... "Your room is across from Evangeline's, Julian."

I fought to stifle the sigh of relief.

"Thank you," Julian mumbled.

I glanced over at Caden to see him watching us intently, his eyes narrowing slightly as they drifted over my hand. The one in Julian's. Did this bother him? No, I dismissed it. He had nothing to worry about. Julian was like a brother to me.

"Caden and Amelie, I could use your help." Sofie's request broke the attention on Julian and me. "Amelie and Mage, please take the ladies. Caden, Mortimer, please take the men. Max, Gabriella, put fresh steaks on the kitchen counter." Max wouldn't argue with that. He had starved over the last month, first refusing to leave me to hunt in the mountains and then not permitted to hunt by the Tribe on account of him taking food away from their precious tigers.

"What about me?" Viggo asked with mock innocence, eyeing a young, brunette maid of no more than twenty-five. My stomach twisted in knots for the girl.

Sofie snorted. "You take care of the blood supply. I don't want anyone running short on blood with humans around." She turned and started down the hall to the left, but stopped and threw back, "a bagged blood supply, please." No killing, she was warning him.

Viggo responded with a sigh of exasperation. "Always the drag, you Red Heathen ... And what will you be doing, pray I ask?"

"Checking on a few things," she answered vaguely as she walked away with long, quick strides, not turning back once.

I took this as my chance to scurry up the stairs, towing Julian the entire way, hearing Mage croon behind me in French, "Mademoiselles et messieurs, avec moi, s'il vous plait," Of course she speaks French. She knows everything ...

Julian and I hadn't uttered two words to each other since being rescued. I didn't know what to say to him, given his secret identity. He was the enemy. The enemy who had saved me but the enemy who this group of vampires would tear to pieces if they found out. And Amelie ... she may as well be fused to him, as smitten as she was. I recalled Caden once saying that vampire emotions were instantaneous and powerful. I was now witnessing it firsthand. I'd also have to witness the crushing after-effects when Amelie discovered what Julian was, when she'd need to detach herself from a corpse. My insides churned with the thought. This secret was better left hidden, and he needed to be reminded of that.

"Slow down!" Julian hobbled alongside me, slightly hunched.

"Here we are," I stated, dropping his hand as we arrived in front of the seventh door. I turned, adding in a low hiss, "You'd better be careful. Do you know what will happen if they find out?"

"I know! I know! I ..." Julian paused, swallowing hard, desperation on his face. "I don't know what to do, Eve. Amelie, though ..." A crooked smile crept over his mouth. "She's amazing."

"More your type?" I spat back, crossing my arms over my chest. Why did I just say that? Why? I sounded like a jealous freak and I wasn't even interested in Julian. In fact, if he weren't a Sentinel spy, I'd be ecstatic for my two best friends hooking up! I took a deep calming breath and adjusted my tone. "Well, she's amazing at killing boyfriends too. You wouldn't be the first. You're as good as dead if she finds out. It will break her heart ... Plus, what if Caden finds out?" My head was already shaking back and forth. "If she doesn't kill you, he will!"

Julian pushed a dark lock of hair off his forehead, his mouth twisted in frustration. "Maybe I should just tell her," he grumbled with resignation. "Wouldn't it be better if I told her? You know, a fresh start. It doesn't mean anything ... not anymore."

"No! Don't you say a word!" I grabbed hold of his wrist. He winced and I realized my nails were digging into his flesh. I don't care, I told myself. Some nail marks would be the least of his worries if his principles won out. I couldn't deal with another death over his sudden onset of conscience. "Not yet. Don't tell her. I'm not telling Caden. Don't say anything until I have time to think." I sighed, a heavy wave of fatigue making my legs wobbly. "Just try and keep your pants on, will you?" I threw out sarcastically as I turned toward my door. A glimpse of brown hair caught my eye. For a moment, I was sure I saw Caden. But when I turned back, the hall was empty.

***

Half my neck wasn't missing but I'd definitely have a scar. I studied my reflection in the mirror of the en suite bathroom. Someone had closed up the puncture wounds with a few stitches while I was unconscious. All that was left were tidy lines of black thread and a disturbing memory. I wondered which vampire managed the torturous task. Probably Mage. Taking a damp, white face cloth to the area, I gently dabbed away the dried blood, careful not to snag the threads and reopen the gashes.

A part of me couldn't help but feel bitter. I had been so close ... so close to no longer being human, to Rachel giving me an eternal life with Caden. But then another wrench was thrown in, another spell. A new curse. Now it wasn't jewelry around my neck, but a poison coursing through my veins. I had no one to blame but myself. No one forced me onto that plank of wood. I did that all on my own ... for my own needs. Look where it got me! Gritting my teeth, I examined my hands, my limbs, my torso, looking for signs that this poison existed. But I saw nothing out of the ordinary. Nothing that suggested I couldn't be turned. Maybe it would wear off? If not ... No. I couldn't think like that. Sofie would figure it out. Sofie had to figure it out ...

I sighed. At least Rachel was dead. I had watched her burn. And Ursula was dead too. My two greatest enemies, gone. Aside from Viggo, of course. Now that he had Veronique's pendant, I was nothing more than a bothersome gnat. Not even that. I was a waste of effort. That brought me some small comfort. And Mortimer? I had all but forgotten about the threat from him. No, Mortimer wouldn't be a danger to me anymore. Not after he had killed Rachel to save me.

Now all I had to worry about was a war that would obliterate mankind.

"How are you feeling?" I yelped when Sofie's sudden voice, though soft, startled the daylights out of me. "Sorry," she crooned, placing her hands on my shoulders as she peered into the mirror. Dainty, gentle, motherly hands ...

A killer's hands.

"Did you discover any secret Sentinel spies?" I cleared my throat. Don't think about Julian. Don't think about Julian.

Sofie smiled, shaking her head. "No, as I suspected, they checked out. We'll just have to search all humans that we involve from now on. It's not pleasant for anyone, believe me." She yanked my shoulders, spinning me around to steer me back into the main bedroom. "How do you like it here?" she asked, her gaze drifting over the walls and the bed.

"It's beautiful. And surprisingly homey." Dark eggplant walls and dove-gray moldings created a lovely backdrop for the modern cream-colored furniture and rich satin mauve bedding. The room wasn't overly large but its ceilings sprawled to double-story heights, making it feel cavernous.

"My sister used to stay here sometimes, when she visited me. She stayed in this room. Of course, I've fully renovated it, put in plumbing, modernized it ..." Sofie went on but my thoughts drifted off as she spoke, thoughts of that sister who now sat in the clutches of the enemy, unknown to Sofie, hidden by me. Or worse, they may have killed her already. What would happen when Sofie found out? Stupid question. I knew exactly what would happen. She'd launch an assault on Fifth Avenue to rival a nuclear bomb and start a war. We couldn't risk that. But how angry would she be that I hadn't warned her, that I could have stopped Veronique's death by telling her right away?

"Evangeline?" A sharp edge to Sofie's voice brought me back. I looked into her green eyes to see them narrowed suspiciously. "What's wrong?"

Swallowing a lump of guilt, I shook my head fervently. "Nothing." How much longer can I hide all this? Stop thinking about it, stupid! Stop! Think about something else! Kittens and clowns ... kittens and clowns ... Caden ... anything ...

Sofie cut into my mental mantra. "It's strange ... Ever since the Tribe's magic touched you, I can't read you in the same way."

What? My heart stopped for just a second. "What ... what do you mean? I'm not an open book to you anymore? Why didn't you tell me?" A glimmer of hope sparked. Maybe I could keep these secrets hidden after all! I bit my bottom lip hard, trying not to look too excited by this news.

Sofie's head cocked to the side as she studied me. "I can still sense your emotions, but they're not translatable anymore. They're all a jumbled, muted mess of constant nervousness, fear, guilt ... I don't know what's going on inside you anymore except whatever it is, it feels like it's tearing you apart."

My shoulders dropped with relief. The rod of rigidity in my back eased free, leaving my body limber. Before I could stop myself, a relieved sigh escaped my lips. Sofie's shrewd eyes remained glued on me, narrowing more.

"You're hiding something," she stated, stepping forward until she stood a foot away. "And you're afraid I'll dig it out of you." Another statement.

I clenched my teeth to keep from talking so I had time to think. There was no point denying it. That would only make it worse, make her more suspicious. But what reasoning could I give for this tornado of emotion inside me? I focused on the rich dark hardwood flooring, nodding slowly, scrambling for an answer. Anything. A lie. A small truth. Anything but what I was truly hiding. Not one but two colossal secrets.

"You're allowed to have secrets, Evangeline," Sofie whispered softly, her hands landing once again on my shoulders. "Even from me. Just be wise about them. Ask yourself if you're better off telling me, so I can protect you. If me knowing doesn't matter, then you can keep them to yourself until you're ready to talk."

I swallowed the lump in my throat and nodded again. That was an easy answer. No, you're definitely not better off knowing, Sofie. Far from it. The world is better off with you not knowing.

"Of course, with this much turmoil, it'd be better to get things off your chest," she added casually.

I nodded but said nothing.

After an awkward moment, when Sofie realized I wouldn't be spilling my guts, she gestured to the dresser. "I brought some things for you. Pajamas, a change of clothes, toiletries." I looked over to see a tidy pile of newly purchased supplies. Or stolen, given it was eleven thirty and none of the stores Sofie dared enter would be open at this hour. Next to the clothes sat a silver tray with various dishes and cutlery. "A warm broth," Sofie explained and I frowned, wondering how she had brought them in without my notice. "You should work your appetite back up to something heavier." With that, she wrapped her arms around me, enveloping me in a nurturing, warm embrace. Without thought, I hugged her in return. I rested my chin on her shoulder, my face falling into her mane of red hair, silky against my skin. I inhaled, swirls of sugar and musk and a warm summer day tickling my senses. So comforting.

"I missed you so," Sofie whispered, squeezing tighter.

I heard the doorknob click, setting loose wild butterflies in my stomach. Caden ... I turned, unable to keep the grin from my face. When a giant snout greeted me instead, the grin wandered off. Max, with his giant maw on the lever doorknob, let himself in.

Sofie chuckled warmly, her arms sliding off me. "There's my favorite beast." Strolling over, she clasped her hands around his head and leaned down to give him a kiss. What a change from the early days when Sofie gave him nothing but poisonous glares.

At least someone appreciates me, Max grumbled, misreading my dismayed expression. I instantly felt guilty. I was happy to see my guardian. But I was dying to see Caden ...

"Get some rest. You're safe here," Sofie said.

"Are you sure?"

She nodded. "People have been living here for years now, so it's not like the old abandoned chateau on the hill has suspiciously come to life," Sofie explained, walking over to the wall near one of the windows. "I have security on the perimeter and magical tripwires set. Everything we need for fair warning. And then, if someone does put two and two together and gets through ..." Sofie's hand coasted up to the wall beside her to touch a piece of molding. She pushed and I heard a click. A piece of wall swung into darkness. "If you ever need to escape, do what I just did. No one knows about it but you and me. And Max, now. Not even the staff knows." Sofie pulled the door shut. "Mind you, you probably won't want to venture in there unless you need to. It's probably home to an army of eight-legged critters."

I shuddered at the thought, earning a soft chuckle from Sofie.

"The duke who owned this home, before Nathan appropriated it, was a suspicious old bird. He had all these secret passages and tunnels built." A giggle escaped her perfect lips. A sardonic little giggle. "Funny-that's exactly where Nathan found him. Not much of a secret." A far-off look skittered across her face and then she was back.

Realization slapped me hard across the face. This had been Nathan's home! Of course! I'm such an idiot! I can't believe I hadn't realized it before. No wonder Sofie was reluctant to come here. Stepping through these halls must tear open too many old wounds for her, namely the never-healed one she acquired when she accidently killed him.

"Why did we come here, Sofie?" I asked softly. "I mean, I'm sure there was somewhere else we could've gone."

Sofie smiled sadly. "It's as good a home base as any. We need to get help, Eve, and our help is in Europe, so it made sense."

Help? That elusive her they were discussing on the jet, no doubt. Who was she? And why did I sense this connection was volatile at best? So deep in thought, I didn't hear anyone else enter.

"Can I come in?" A familiar deep voice called out, sending a thrill through my entire body like an electric shock. I turned around, that same giant grin instantly on my face again.

Caden's hands were in his pockets, something akin to a shy look on his face.

"Come, Max," Sofie said, smacking the giant dog on the rump.

I just got here, he grumbled in my head, not budging.

"I hear deer live in the woods behind us," she added, figuring he would be reluctant to leave. Like a homeless dog after a soup bone, Max bolted. A tiny smile touched her lips as she continued walking out. When she passed Caden, she reminded him, "Don't forget ... my angel needs her rest."

He responded with a slight nod and a tight smile. I surely burned like a bonfire in the night, the heat in my cheeks so intense. With that, Sofie abruptly disappeared, closing the door softly behind her.

Finally ... alone with Caden.

Completely alone, on solid ground, on my home planet. In a bedroom. I felt heat creep up my neck as I recalled memories of the last night we spent together on Ratheus. With my fingertips trembling, I pushed a strand of hair back behind my ear. Why am I so nervous? I had suctioned myself to him on the plane ride here. And now we stood facing each other like two strangers. I opened my mouth to speak, and realized I had no idea what to say. Thankfully, Caden broke into the silence.

"How's your neck?"

"Fine," I croaked, instinctively turning to look into the mirror on the wall, my hand reaching for the wounds again. "A little sore but-" Before my fingers could graze the stitches again, Caden appeared behind me, his strong hand folding over mine and pulling it against my chest. His other hand swept the locks of hair away from my neck, pulling them back until they rested over my opposite shoulder. Without a word, he leaned in until his mouth was an inch from the wound. I watched in the mirror as his lips parted slightly. A cool breeze tickled my skin.

"Does it hurt?" he whispered.

"Not right now," I forced out, my voice caught in a gasp.

"How about now?" He leaned in that last inch to skim my neck with his bottom lip, hardly touching and yet sending shock waves through me, deep into my belly. My knees buckled. I fell back against his chest. Pressing his body against my back, he buried his face in my hair and inhaled deeply. "I missed you so much."

I quarter turned and looked up, my nose grazing his jawline as I found a comfortable hollow in his neck to kiss. "I sort of missed you too," I teased.

"Did you now," he answered and folded his arms around me. A crooked smirk curled across his mouth before vanishing with the briefest flash of unease.

"What's wrong ...?" I began to say, trying to turn the rest of the way so I could face him. His powerful arm held fast, keeping my back against his chest. Desperate to touch his face, I struggled to pull my arms free but he held me with a viselike grip. A faint smile touched his lips. He was enjoying this. Determined, I rose on my tiptoes and arched my back as best I could, enough to playfully nip at his earlobe with my teeth. He released a low growl, his arms flexing, his jade eyes blazing as they stared at me through the mirror. That look ... my legs turned to jelly. Could he read my emotions right now? I flushed, wondering if even the Tribe's poisonous magic could hide such raw desires.

I caressed his arm as we stood in silence, not speaking, not moving. Warmth flooded my body, desperate for him to let me turn around ...

"You should get ready for bed," he suddenly said. His grip of my body loosened.

"But," I stammered, thoroughly confused, beginning to turn on my heels.

"Go," he ushered me forward, nudging me toward the bathroom. With a furrowed brow, I numbly gathered the supplies Sofie brought and headed toward the bathroom, closing the door behind me.

What the hell was that? My tortured conscience screamed out in frustration. Instant paranoia set in. Maybe he's not as attracted to me anymore! Studying my face rather than my wound in the mirror, I realized that could be entirely possible. The lighting in here was harsh but ... wow! I was a mere shadow of my regular self-my sallow, blood-drained complexion contrasted hideously with black circles around flat brown eyes. With my matted, scraggly hair, I could pass for a vagrant. I hadn't bathed in a few days ... I lifted my arm and sniffed. No wonder Caden shoved me in here. Suddenly horrified, I knew I had to rectify this immediately.

"I'll be out in twenty!" I yelled as I turned on the taps of the deep claw-foot soaker tub.

I shaved and sloughed off days of sweat, tears, and travel in borderline scalding water until my skin was as fresh and pink as a newborn's bottom. Scrambling out, I quickly toweled off and then proceeded to slather on a myriad of luxurious creams found on the counter, meant to make my body silky smooth and deliciously scented-a different one for my elbows, my heels, my chest ... There! Better. Maybe Caden would be more interested now that I didn't smell like Sasquatch. What did "interested" mean, though? A ball of anxiety exploded in me. What would happen if ... What was I about to walk in to? I knew he was way more experienced than I was. I had been unfortunate enough to witness Rachel molest him back on Ratheus. But if he expected more? All of it ...

I stood frozen, staring at the back of the door, wondering what he was doing on the other side. Maybe he was already stretched out in my bed, cradling his head under linked hands, waiting for me. My palms began to sweat, my mouth went dry, and the walls shifted slightly. I didn't know what I was doing. Was I ready for this?

I let out a deep sigh of exasperation. Get it together, Evie! I couldn't forget about that night back on Ratheus. I hadn't planned for any of that, and I survived. Better, he didn't run the other way. This was Caden, after all! I'd risk my life for him, time and time again. Just get dressed and get out there.

Wringing my hands, I reached for the large plastic bag that I assumed contained pajamas. You've gotta be kidding me ... Arrogant French Poodles on oversized, baby blue flannel pajamas stared back at me. Laughing at me, I was sure. I groaned. Leave it to Sofie, who had more style than a swanky designer, to choose pajamas that would make me look like an oversized five-year-old. Caden would take one look at these and howl. I let out another groan as I yanked them on. That was probably the point ... to minimize Caden's attraction so I got my rest. Why didn't she just give me a potato sack ...?

I reached for the door handle. Holding in a deep breath, I took one last long scan of myself in the mirror. Definitely better. Cleaner, fresher, less feral ... Here we go ...

I slowly turned the doorknob.

Caden must have dimmed the lights because it was much darker now. I squinted as I searched for him, expecting to find him stretched out on the bed. He wasn't there. The only body there was a three-hundred-pound black beast stretched out on the rug, tending to a paw.

Caden was gone.

A pang of disappointment pulled at my heart. I surveyed the rest of the room, wondering if my eyes were playing tricks on me, that maybe he was hiding somewhere. But he wasn't. The nervous excitement of only a second ago deflated, replaced with hollow disappointment.

Wow. What does a werebeast need to do to get some love around here? Max grumbled.

"Sorry," I grumbled, trying to wipe the mopey look off my face. "Where'd Caden go?"

Dunno. He ran out of here a while ago and sent me in. Said he had to do something.

I frowned. What could he possibly have to do? Oh, maybe feed. I didn't see him with a blood bag once on the plane. Then a new thought slammed into me. A terrifying one. What if all this had nothing to do with my lack of hygiene and attractiveness? Maybe I was too attractive! Or, at least, my blood ... What if ... what if Caden couldn't control himself around me after all? A lump of worry instantly formed in my throat. If Sofie found out, she'd exile me again. Or worse, Caden could bite me ... I swallowed my panic. "Did he say when he'd be back?"

Nope, Max answered, disinterested in Caden's whereabouts.

Well, at least Caden was enough in control to walk away if needed, I told myself. That made me feel marginally better. I dragged myself over to the bed. Crawling in, I snuggled under the covers, weariness tugging at my eyelids. "What's going on out there, Max?" I asked into the darkness.

Oh, nothing much. A bound-up vampire, the odd bickering between Frick and Frack. Strip searches of the wait staff ... You know, the usual for this crowd. Max hopped onto my bed and stretched out with a loud groan. Oh, yeah ... That's right ... Finally. No more dirt or reed mats.

I snorted. "You're such a prima donna, Max. Don't get too comfortable. When Caden comes back, you'd better flee. Don't need you breathing down my neck ..." I curled up, wondering how long that would be.

2. Suspicions-Sofie

"I haven't exactly told her yet," I admitted with reluctance, pushing a lock of fiery red hair off my brow. "I don't want to scare her until I'm sure. I'm adequately scared for the both of us."

"What exactly have you told her?" Mage prompted, her brow furrowed.

With a sigh, I explained. "I told her about her muddled emotions. How we can't read her anymore. That's it. That's all I can tell her for certain right now." I gazed out the panoramic window overlooking the courtyard.

"Did the Fates not give any inkling to the consequences of the Tribe's magic?"

"No, I created the Tribe before Evangeline existed." I let out a derisive snort. "Of course, I'm sure they're well aware. They haven't bothered to enlighten me."

Mage paused again, as if deciding if she should ask her next question. "And what do you suspect is happening, exactly?"

I opened my mouth to speak but the words died on my tongue before I could speak them, too horrible to fathom. With a deep swallow and a slow inhale and exhale, I tried again, my brow creasing deeply. "Maybe it's some mutated form of the Tribe. I don't know ... I've never tried turning one of them. I couldn't, for obvious reasons. But I'd imagine they can't be turned. Evangeline's emotions are similar to theirs-incomprehensible and scattered. But she hasn't taken on any of their other ... qualities." That last word came out with biting disgust. Inside, I was screaming. No, please, no! Please don't become one of those disgusting creatures, mutated or otherwise! I felt like my child had been given a death sentence. Another one, beyond the one I'd already given her.

"Let's hope it wears off," Mage said softly, reaching forward to give my hand a friendly squeeze. "And what about Julian? We can't read him anymore, either."

I shrugged. "Julian's different somehow." His emotions were also an illegible mess. Not nearly as jumbled as Eve's, but still impossible to read. Beyond his love-struck angst for Amelie. Truthfully, I hadn't given him much thought, too absorbed by what was happening to my girl. "She's hiding something big, Mage," I blurted out. "Do you feel it?"

Mage nodded in assent.

"And Eve never keeps secrets. She couldn't if her life depended on it." But if someone else's life depended on it ... Who could she be protecting? What could she possibly know that she felt she needed to hide? Oh, that girl! Now was not the time to become reticent!

"Between the two of us, I'm sure we can get it out of her," Mage offered with a soft chuckle. Mage's unwavering confidence instantly soothed my frazzled nerves. What an interesting turn of events. From evil, untrustworthy Ratheus vampiress leader to my confidante, in such a short time. I needed it now more than ever.

My eyes drifted longingly to the old oak tree with the tombstone beneath it. Nathan's burial site. "I'm going to step outside."

Mage nodded. Without explaining a thing to her, she somehow always knew. "I'll be in the library, convincing Viggo to end his twelve-hundred-year quarrel for the good of mankind ...," she answered as she turned to glide away, a smile touching her lips.

3. Connection-Evangeline

I woke to a peculiar pins-and-needles tingling in my head. The rest of my body was equally uncomfortable, a damp cold seeping into my bones. Curling my shoulders into my body, I pawed around in the pitch darkness, searching for a plush duvet. I didn't have one, I realized, at the same time I noticed the cold, hard concrete beneath my cheek. I was lying on the floor. A dull throb on my forehead aching. I reached up and winced, feeling a mess of thread.

I couldn't see a thing. Nothing but a tiny horizontal crack of light opposite me, like the light underneath a door. In fact, that's exactly what it was. A door. I heard a blur of female voices mumbling behind it. They were whispering. Propping onto my elbows, I strained to listen.

"... necessary?" a soft-spoken woman asked.

"Yes!" A hard voice snapped back.

"But she's human ...," the soft-spoken one said. I pulled myself further up and craned my neck, hoping to hear more, to understand what was happening. "... harmless," the nice lady said. Who were they talking about?

"Harmless!" the other woman suddenly shouted, loud enough that I no longer needed to crane my neck to hear. "She's involved with those murderous leeches! With that redheaded bitch! They had her cast in that statue and now our magic can't touch her! She's so far from harmless, I'm not sure we should keep her alive!" A loud screeching sound echoed as the door swung open, flooding the darkness with light. I squinted and blocked out the harshness with my hand. Through my fingers, I could just make out the silhouette of a wild-haired woman looming in the doorway.

"But we need to keep her for now. Between her and all of that Merth we found, we finally have the upper hand. She knows something that we can use against them, I'm sure of it." As my eyes adjusted, I saw the wicked smile cross the woman's lips. She brought her hand forward, a leather strap dangling dangerously from it. "Don't you, Veronique?"

The woman's acidic hiss lingered in my ears as my eyes popped open. I bolted up in my bed.

Bad dream? Max asked, unruffled. He was used to me bolting out of a deep sleep.

I swallowed my confusion. "I don't know. Was I ... here?"

Yes, yes ...

I rubbed my faceharder than necessary. Was that just a dream? It had to be. I didn't go anywhere. It was me worrying about Veronique. But still ... my gut told me there was something more to it. Deep down, I knew something more than weary nerves and an overactive imagination existed here. If I had learned one thing over the last few months, it was to assume the worst and then expect the truth to be ten times bleaker. If that were the case, it meant Veronique was in danger. It meant the witches knew who she was and of her ties to Sofie. "Our magic can't touch her." That's what the woman with the whip said.

Its meaning hit me like a freight train, terror seizing me in the deepest level. What if, when I agreed to climb atop that platform for the Tribe to "free me," the same magic that poisoned me had also poisoned Veronique? It had touched her, after all. Oh God! Shocked, I cupped my hand over my mouth and nose. That meant she couldn't be transformed, even when we rescued her. After all this, after all they'd done to preserve her and solve this problem ... A ball of vomit formed in my throat, threatening to launch. No, Evangeline. Don't panic, I silently commanded. Breathe in, breathe out. This could still be a dream; this could still just be your subconscious, torturing you.

Well? Max asked. I could hear a hint of worry in his tone.

I paused. "Just a bad dream," I whispered, hearing the emptiness of my words as they left my lips. It has to be a dream ... please, just be a dream ... I repeated in my head as I fumbled absently for my pendant, for something to grasp. Then I remembered I didn't have it anymore. I didn't have it because I agreed to let the Tribe touch me with their magic, resulting in this entire mess.

The clock read three in the morning. There was no chance of me falling asleep in the near future. "Did Caden come by at all?" I asked, peering outside at the night sky, longing to distract myself with him at that moment. And every moment after ...

Uh ... I'm not sure. He may have slipped in, but, uh ... I don't know. I fell asleep ... Max stumbled over his words.

"Right ... so you sleep now." I glared at him and then pinched the bridge of my nose. I was never one to lose my temper, but if anyone could make me do it, Max certainly could. I sighed with exasperation. "Why didn't he come by, do you think?" If it was a concern over blood, he should've found some blood bags and been sated by now. Shouldn't he?

Sofie's probably got him running around, Max offered.

"Yeah, maybe ..." I threw off my covers and climbed out of bed. Grabbing the robe and slippers from the armchair, I crept toward the door.

Max groaned loudly. Must you? Can't you be happy in this bed for one whole night?

"Stay here if you want, Max. In fact, maybe it's best that you do. I could use a little bit of space. We're safe here, right?"

Suit yourself, Max answered, flopping back down.

Bloody dog. I chuckled despite my own nervousness. The werebeast who doesn't sleep and never tires is just plain lazy. It did comfort me, though. If he wasn't breathing down my neck, it meant he didn't feel he needed to be. That was rare, especially with Viggo and Mortimer nearby.

As I stepped into the hall, my ears caught gentle female giggles from behind the door opposite me. My chest tightened with panic. Amelie with Julian. In a bedroom together? No ... wait. Giggles are good. Screeches are bad. Julian's life and Amelie's heart were both safe for the time being.

I tiptoed past and moved down the ghostly hallway. Dim sconces spaced every twenty or so feet lit my way. Gliding down the staircase, I took a moment to stand in the dark, empty foyer, my arms folded tightly around my body. The place reeked of history-hundreds of years of royalty, scandals and treachery, balls and beheadings ... and vampires. I wondered where Nathan had died. Was it somewhere in this house? If so, how could Sofie stand being here? If I killed Caden, I don't know how I'd live with myself, let alone come back to the scene of the crime. Just the thought made me shudder. I could kill Caden. Very easily. All he had to do was lose control. Just one little bite ...

From the foyer, I had no idea where to go next. I hadn't ventured beyond here. When Sofie departed, she headed left. I guessed that was as good place as any to start. With five vampires lurking about, someone would find me shortly. Maybe Caden would find me. I was desperate to ask him why he left in the first place.

I wandered along the long hallway, past dozens of solid doors, light gray walls, and gilded frames of stunning art, all bearing Sofie's signature. Turning a corner, one of the solid walls gave way to a floor-to-ceiling window, stretching out to provide a panoramic view of a snowy courtyard bathed in moonlight. So peaceful, so quiet, it looked like an artist's interpretation of serenity. I had to admit, though, after being locked up in those remote Siberian mountains, I could live without snow for a few decades.

I anxiously expected to stumble upon Caden, but a flash of red outside caught the corner of my eye. It was impossible to miss, contrasting so sharply against the crisp white winter. I stopped and focused. It was Sofie. Her hair. Quietly creeping over to the window, I could see that she was kneeling in front of a giant tree. She held something in her hand ... a simple white pillar candle, its modest flame dancing in a dull breeze. She leaned forward to place it near the bottom of the tree. Clearly, there was something special about that spot ... If I had to bet on it, I'd say it had something to do with Nathan.

If Sofie could sense my presence, she didn't acknowledge it. She didn't turn, didn't look up, made no indication that she felt prying eyes on her. And that's exactly what I felt like. I was a peeping Tom. Whatever personal, private moment Sofie was having outside, I was intruding.

With that in mind, I continued on down the hall, walking more briskly until I was beyond the sightline of the glass wall. I reached the end of the hall only to find another expansive one running perpendicular. The Chateau of Long Halls! If I didn't stumble upon someone soon, I didn't know if I'd ever find my way back.

Making a conscious effort to remember my steps for retracing, I turned left again and began down another hall, this one exactly the same as the prior. Art, closed doors, no souls. I was beginning to think they'd have to send out a search party for me in the morning.

Abruptly, an eerie wave of familiarity washed through me. I trembled, slowing to a stop as I peered around. There was something about this spot, some connection ... like I had been here before. Or, like I was supposed to be here. No ... that I was looking for something and it was here. But what was I looking for? I scanned left and right, looking for any clues to remind me what it was. There was nothing here. Just a long hallway with patterned tile flooring and plaster moldings along the walls. You're losing it! This is what happens when you lose a ton of blood and don't get enough sleep, numb nuts.

Mortimer's booming tone from down the hall pulled me out of my fog. Quickly dismissing the eeriness, I followed his voice and found myself in front of a set of ebony doors. "This is dangerous. Don't underestimate them. Viggo has made one hell of an enemy out of Lilly," Mortimer said.

Lilly? Who was Lilly? More secrets, I thought bitterly. Oh, well. Two can play at that game.

"I never underestimate a vampire. How do you think I've survived this long?" Mage's smooth response calmed the tension in the air.

There was a short pause and then Mortimer declared gruffly, "If you're going to sit outside and eavesdrop like a snooping child, then you may as well come in!"

My face instantly burned with embarrassment over being caught. Reluctantly, I pushed the door forward. A loud creak split the dead silence, as if to make my intrusion that much more obvious. In case someone missed it. I kept my face to the ground, hoping the red would subside quickly or that they'd dismiss me and keep talking. After a long, silent moment of staring at the ground, I realized neither was going to happen.

Swallowing, I finally hazarded a peek to take in a medieval-looking room with several armchairs and an ancient-looking stone fireplace. It reminded me of Viggo's library with its masculine colors and lounge furniture. Viggo sat in a wing chair beside the blazing fire, lazily gripping a poker, as if only watching the conversation but not interested in being a part of it. The box holding Veronique's pendant rested securely in his lap. Not surprising.

Across the room, Mage and Mortimer shared a small round table, a decanter full of a red liquid between them. It looked like wine, but I'd bet it wasn't. I didn't ask. It was a thousand times better than walking in on them feeding from that young maid.

Viggo, Mortimer, and Mage instantly vanished from thought as my eyes landed on a tall, lean body straddling a stool, his hands resting on his knees. Caden! What was he doing with them? Not that I cared. He was immediately on his feet, walking over to me, his hand slowly running through his hair in an almost shy manner.

"Hey." He gave me an awkward smile. I couldn't miss his furrowed brow as he stared at me. He's trying to read me, I'll bet. But he couldn't, I knew that now.

"Hey, yourself," I answered bashfully as I peered up at him. No veiny blood eyes. Check. A wave of lightness flowed through me.

"What are you doing up? It's, like, three in the morning."

I shrugged. "I couldn't sleep." Lowering my voice, I added, "I thought you'd at least come say goodnight." I immediately felt stupid. There was no point in lowering my voice. I might as well be speaking through a megaphone given the room's occupants.

Caden looked down at the ground, as if trying to decide what to say. "Yeah ... I know. I was going to, but I got caught up in plans here," he finally answered, avoiding eye contact. The little nagging voice in the back of my head nattered away. Something's not right. I wasn't sure if I should trust that voice's input. It had failed me for the first eighteen years of my life.

Caden looked up again, his expression stony. "You should get some sleep. You're still recuperating."

I shrugged off his suggestion with a question, not interested in leaving yet. "So, what are you guys planning? Who's Lilly?"

"One of the few other surviving vampires of Earth," Mage answered before anyone had a chance to lie or brush me off. She always seemed willing to tell me the truth, even if it wasn't good news. That was a welcome change. "They've been more diligent in learning what's going on in the world. We could use their help right about now."

"Or ... we could just create more of our own and not involve those treacherous fiends!" Viggo's eyes were wide as he studied his fingernails, his distaste for Mage and Mortimer's plan apparent.

Mortimer turned to glower at Viggo. I could feel the explosion brewing beneath the surface like the humidity in the air before a storm. "We've been over this a hundred times already, Viggo," Mortimer answered in a calm, even tone, clearly forcing his composure. "New vampires are not good for anything except killing and starting a war ... exactly what we're trying to avoid."

Viggo answered with an eye roll.

Shaking his head in disgust, Mortimer turned his attention back at Mage. "It's a long shot, Mage. I'll be surprised if they even come given Viggo's involvement."

What did he do to this Lilly? I shuddered as my gaze passed over him. Always Viggo. It's always about what Viggo has done. I imagined it was horrific, whatever it was. I knew firsthand what he was capable of. He stole my life, my family, my soul, when he murdered my mother for nothing more than a lesson to Sofie. At first, when this entire nightmare unfolded, just his cool gaze on me sent shivers radiating from my chest. He still terrified me. I'd be insane to be anything but terrified of that lunatic. Now though, time had cultivated a deep loathing for him. I wanted him to suffer infinite, inconceivable pain for the lives he had ruined. And that desire frightened me more than Viggo himself.

He rolled the poker in his hand. I imagined my fists wrapped around it, my arm raising above his head, and then striking down, powered with all my hatred and fear. I forced the urge aside and ducked my head, afraid he'd pluck my dark thoughts from my face. Viggo might have lost interest in me, but that didn't mean he wouldn't kill me.

Mage's voice distracted me from my violent wishes. "Oh, they'll come. Remember, we have something they want ..." She smiled.

"Come? You mean ... come here?" I asked. More vampires. Because there aren't enough. Mage only nodded, offering me a gentle smile. That's all she ever seemed to do around here-gentle smiles, the voice of reason. I don't get it! Caden and the others painted this picture of a pure evil vampire and yet she had been nothing but a blood-sucking Mary Poppins. "What do they want?" I asked hesitantly.

Her answer was matter-of-fact. "Among other things ... venom."

Venom? Venom ... "They want to convert humans," I heard myself say out loud.

Mage answered with a smile and nod. "They have humans they care about, who they want to convert. Up until now, they couldn't. Now they can."

More humans who could be converted. More vampires who had fallen in love with humans. I guess it made sense. Vampire, or human-everyone falls in love at some point. Even someone as toxic as Viggo. And now they could be converted. Everyone could be converted except for Julian and me;and maybe Veronique. We would die human. A moment of selfish bitterness rolled through my body. How was this fair?

"When will they be here?"

"We're not sure. We've ... sent our invitation. We hope they'll arrive by tomorrow night."

I blanched. Something about the way she said invitation pricked a nerve. It sounded altogether sinister. "Where are they now?"

Mage smiled. "We're not exactly sure."

"Well, then ..." My brow creased, my curiosity getting the better of me. "How did you send them an invitation? How do you know they'll get it?"

"Oh, they'll get it," Viggo said, emitting a small but maniacal laugh.

Mage and Mortimer gave each other a sideways glance. Viggo knows how to get in touch with Lilly. Let's leave it at that," Mortimer explained.

They'll be here tomorrow night. A chill rippled through me.

"Cold?" Caden whispered, moving closer, putting his arm around my shoulders. My entire body stiffened under his touch. "Even in that?" A ghost of a smile touched his lips as his fingers seized my pajama collar beneath the robe. "Nice poodles."

Heat crept up my neck. "They're French poodles. The temptress of the canine world." Shut up, Evangeline ... what was I implying? That I was trying to tempt him with fuzzy pajamas? In front of an audience? A new wave of embarrassment bowled over me. I wanted to bury my head in a pillow.

Caden chuckled. "You should get back to sleep. You haven't healed from that injury. You're still pale."

Great. A ghost in poodle flannels. Take me now, Caden ... I brushed off the self-loathing, silently pleading with him through my gaze.

Opening his mouth, he hesitated. "I'd walk you there, but I don't want to leave Bishop." He thrust his chin to a dark corner behind me. Startled, I turned and followed his direction to a looming bookshelf full of black leather-bound encyclopedias I hadn't noticed before. I also didn't notice the person propped in a chair beside it. Unmoving. Unsmiling. In a catatonic, magically bound state.

Bishop. Staring right through me.

Seeing the once-boisterous Bishop still a zombie felt like a punch to the gut. "Sofie hasn't released him yet?" Of course not. Like he would be over the urge to run after seeing the love of his immortal life burn to death. Tears welled. I'm a wretched, selfish person. We were on the brink of a war, one of my dearest friends is heartbroken over my other dear friend's death, and here I am, trying to tempt Caden back to my room.

"Sofie says he can hear everything. He's not in any pain," Caden explained, adding in low mutter, "not physically, anyway."

I nodded. "He'll get better, won't he?" I heard my voice, I knew I asked the question, and yet it was like someone else had spoken.

Another pause. "Bishop's broken, Evangeline," he whispered. "He watched his eternal love die. He's a shattered mess. Unfixable. We'll never get him back."

Shattered. Unfixable. Shattered. Unfixable. I shook my head, trying to rattle the words free but they wouldn't budge. No, no, it couldn't be. I wouldn't accept it. "But what about Amelie? Look at her! She survived!" I knew I was borderline hysterical, but I didn't care. "And she's in love again! No." My jaw set stubbornly. "He'll be fine." I looked back at Bishop. "Bishop will be fine. He just needs time."

Caden reached up to pinch my chin between his thumb and index finger and forced me to face him. "Amelie took the better part of seven hundred years to get better, Eve," he explained gently. "And she killed her boyfriend. She had no one to blame but herself. Besides, I guilted her into sticking around, not to abandon me. She wouldn't have lasted long enough to fall in love again otherwise. Bishop, though ..." He turned to look at his best friend. "He watched Fiona die by someone else's hands. He'll stop at nothing for revenge." Caden swallowed, as if not wanting to say the next words. When he finally did, as soft as they were delivered, they cut through me like a knife. "He might be better off dead, Evangeline."

The tears poured freely now. I didn't bother wiping them away. I hadn't even come to terms with the loss of Fiona, and Caden was pretty much delivering Bishop's death sentence. Was this how it was going to be? One by one, I would lose those I cared about as this war with the witches and the Sentinel took shape. Until when? Until I had nothing left? Until I was gone?

No. Everyone could overcome loss and death. I did. Amelie did. Now, Bishop would. He had to. I pulled away from Caden and slowly walked over to where Bishop sat. I crouched down onto my knees in front of him. It was so strange, seeing him like that. The vampire who had willingly battled a grizzly in order to protect me, the goofy guy who had baited a leech for me, the friend whose unrestrained laughter and gentle ribbing kept smiles on my face in the most desperate times, was now in an open-eyed coma of endless agony.

I cleared my throat. "You need to be strong, my friend," I whispered softly, my voice cracking. "You will get through this. You have us. We'll help you. We can't lose you too, Bishop." Tentatively, I reached forward to let my fingers graze his knee. With a second's contact, an uncomfortable current pulsed through my fingertips, like an electric shock. It wasn't painful but certainly unpleasant. It had to be Sofie's magical binding. Should I be able to feel it? Gritting my teeth, I ignored it, forcing my hand on his knee, bracing myself for the zap. I could survive this much at least. Bishop needed to know we were there for him. We couldn't just abandon him, write him off as damaged goods, irreparable.

The current continued at a steady pace through me, though it wasn't nearly as intense as I'd expected. I gave his knee a squeeze of reassurance. No reaction ... He stared at nothing, vacuous gray eyes lost in yesterday. Leaning in, I stared fixedly into those catatonic eyes, searching for some shred of the Bishop I knew, some spark I could seize and pull out.

As if suddenly snapping to, black pupils shifted and locked on mine. Despair and loneliness crashed into me like the waves of an angry ocean, ready to pull me under, to suffocate me in its power. All his loss, all his pain, all his anger came pouring out of that one eye shift. I was suddenly absorbing Bishop's pain, living his agony. Impulsively, I dove forward, my arms wrapping around his shoulders in an awkward hug. "I'm so sorry, Bishop. I'd do anything to bring her back if I could." That's when the violent sobs finally began.

"Okay, there's no time for crying." Mortimer's thick booming voice cut in, gruffer than usual. "It's time you got some sleep." Strong hands wrenched me away from Bishop. He towed me toward the door. "Come. I'll help you back to your room," he muttered, his lips tight.

One last glimpse at Caden revealed his tortured expression. I sucked in my sobs and let Mortimer drag me out into the dark hallway, his arm now linked with mine, as if we were out for an evening stroll. A stroll with a stiff-bodied, stern-faced, grumpy vampire. Before Rachel's death, I might've passed out from fright in this situation. But then Mortimer tossed my enemy into the flames-for no other reason than because he "owed me one." He didn't scare me so much anymore. That didn't mean I enjoyed his prickly company. I just wasn't waiting for him to kill me.

We walked at a fairly brisk pace, thanks to Mortimer's long legs and no-nonsense speed. As we passed that same spot in the hallway, the tingling pull of familiarity hit me again, a fresh wave of connection, like safety and imminent danger jumbled together. My legs slowed until Mortimer was dragging me.

"What's the matter?" he snapped, dissecting me with a quizzical glare.

Opening my mouth to explain, I paused, considering how I'd explain this without sounding crazy. I decided that I wouldn't. It was probably nothing. Just me, slowly losing my mind. "Nothing. Just tired."

With a harrumph and a sharp tug of my arm, we continued on, turning right to take the hall with the glass wall. Sofie's red hair stood out by the tree like a flare.

"I remember coming here when Nathan was alive. This was his house, you know," Mortimer explained, his eyes flickering to Sofie but not stopping.

"Yeah, Sofie mentioned it earlier."

"I used to come here to see Veronique. She spent a lot of time with her sister. Those two were inseparable. I've never seen two sisters so connected, so committed to each other's happiness." Committed. What would she do if she knew her dear sister was in the clutches of the enemy right now? Tighter and tighter, the knots in my abdomen constricted. I gave one last glance to Sofie before we passed the hallway and she was out of sight again.

"After Sofie ki-" Mortimer stopped himself midsentence. "After Nathan died and Veronique decided to be mummified, we left this place for North America. I haven't stepped foot in here since." As we continued on his stance loosened up slightly, his strides more casual. We entered the foyer. "Those were happier times. I'm glad Sofie kept everything in order. Veronique was always so fond of this place ... She'll be happy to see it again."

I cautioned a glance at him from the corner of my eye. He's unusually chatty and cooperative. Something didn't add up. "Why are you still here?" I blurted out, quickly adding, "I thought you hated Sofie."

Mortimer's dark eyes flickered down to me and he didn't bother to hide the smirk. "You know, you remind me of a four-year-old sometimes, with your naive and brazen outbursts."

I pursed my lips, a flash of spite taking over my tongue before I could control it. "You know, you remind me of a shifty vampire sometimes, with your cryptic babbling."

Mortimer's head fell back as he let out a roar of laughter. A genuine and unexpectedly pleasant-sounding mirth that warmed my spirits temporarily. I don't remember ever hearing Mortimer laugh!

"You should laugh like that more. You wouldn't be so scary," I muttered.

His laughter died down. "I used to laugh all the time when Veronique was alive. It feels foreign now." He cleared his throat abruptly. "Sofie and I have had our differences, I'll admit. But I don't hate her. In fact, I have to say that I admire her. Besides ... we've been battling her for years now and she always wins." One slow step after another, we began climbing the stairs with parallel movements. "Fighting that woman does us no good. So I've joined forces with her. Given her all my strength, my connection, my trust ... my allegiance."

I slowed to a stop, forcing Mortimer to do the same. "Allegiance? What do you mean? Like ... a promise?"

Mortimer's dark chuckle echoed through the foyer. "No, you twit ... When you say it like that, it sounds like the stuff of little girls." The amusement vanished and he frowned. "But of course, you wouldn't understand. In this day and age ..." He paused. "There was a time when pledging your allegiance meant something. Your honor, your soul, everything you stood for. Humans pledged to kings and queens, to those who reigned, to the mighty. They would die for them. There were some respectable humans in those days. Now ..." Mortimer snorted with disgust. "I don't blame you for not trusting me, Evangeline. I'm glad you don't. That means you've learned something in all of this." Dark eyes glinted as they appraised me. "But I'm going to tell you a secret. Something important."

He had my full attention. Not only was I amazed that Mortimer had spoken to me for this length of time, but now he was about to divulge secrets?

"Though you may not believe it, vampires are a species of great principle. If you can get one of us to grant you our loyalty, it is unequivocal. You can harness their power. You. Will. Reign." His free hand balled up into a fist and pressed against his chest. "It's as if something inside binds us to that loyalty. It becomes ingrained in all that we are, in everything that we do. Get a vampire to pledge their allegiance to you and you will never have to worry about them harming you. They are yours. For life."

I frowned. "For life? Just because you swore?" I tried to wrap my mind around the concept. For life. Wow. Mortimer had basically sworn fealty to Sofie for eternity? If he was telling the truth, he was no longer a threat to her. In a roundabout way, I guess that meant he wouldn't be a threat to me, either ...

"But Viggo ... do you trust him to keep his word?" I asked.

Mortimer smiled wryly. "Believe me, I wondered. I still wonder sometimes, but I witnessed it. I know the uncontrollable pull that I feel inside me is the same one inside of him. Sofie offered him sole custody of Veronique's pendant in exchange for him staying out of her hair. He seemed happy with that." I didn't doubt it, given I hadn't once seen him without it proudly displayed on his person.

"But ... why do it in the first place? You're now at Sofie's mercy, aren't you?" I pressed, bewildered by this whole concept.

"Well, to be frank, we didn't have much choice," Mortimer explained. He tugged at my arm, forcing me to move up the stairs once again. "After the way the two of us have behaved, Sofie was ready to set us both on fire and peg it on the sorceresses when Veronique awoke. I can't believe she didn't. But she didn't. She gave us a choice. Pledge our allegiance to her, or die. That she gave us an option ... well, Sofie finally has earned my full respect." His head shook reproachfully. "If Mage has taught us anything-if that disastrous attack back in Manhattan has taught us anything-it's that we must work together. We can't be going off with our own agendas, with our own plans. We end up sabotaging ourselves. We need a united front against our enemies and to free Veronique."

Veronique. Again, like the prick of a needle in my flesh, that name. A flash of a menacing witch looming over me, a whip gripped firmly in her hand, posed to strike, turned my blood to ice. With a quick jerk of my head, I tried to dislodge the name and the image. It was a dream ... it was a dream ... it was a dream ... but ... what if it wasn't a dream? No ... Max said I hadn't left. But ... what if Veronique was being tortured and Sofie were to find out that I knew? If Mortimer and Viggo discovered that I knew and I kept it from them?

I eyed Mortimer warily. What would he do? Would this so-called fealty to Sofie be enough to protect me by association? I doubted it. But what if ...

"How do I do that?" I asked in a whisper, almost afraid to voice the words, that he'd somehow read my intentions in them.

He frowned. "Do what?"

"Get a vampire to swear their allegiance to me."

Mortimer's snort echoed through the foyer. "Simple. You don't." We reached the top of the stairs. "None of us in our right minds would ever give you that much power over us. But I've felt your mousy stares on me for the last day, as if I'm about to stab you in the back, so I thought I'd give you some peace of mind." Mortimer sighed as we walked down the dimly lit hall toward my room. "No ... Sofie is not our enemy. She is honorable and she'll hold up her end of the bargain. It would do us good to remember that." I wasn't sure if he was stating a fact or saying it aloud to convince himself. Either way, I remained silent, content to see if Mortimer would share anything else.

"Those other witches and the People's Sentinel. They are the enemy. They must be stopped." Pure hatred cast its shadow on Mortimer's handsome face. Plain as day, even in the darkness of the dimly lit corridor. "Every last one of them will die, I promise you that. That's what I should've been doing all these years, instead of hiding. I should have been gathering information, planning for the attack. I won't make that mistake again. Mark my words, every last one of those spineless cowards will die."

I blanched, my eyes flickering to Julian's closed door. The Sentinel's closer than you think, Mortimer ...

We stopped in front of my room. Mortimer released my arm and reached for the handle. I expected only a gruff goodnight or a vanishing act, but instead, he shocked me with his next words. "I'm sorry about what they did to your friend. She was a nice girl. Quiet. Much more mature than that other one ... It's a shame."

I stared at his striking but remote face, searching for a twitch, a quirk, some indication of an ulterior motive, some reason why he would show compassion. Nothing. He slowly reached back to scratch his head as he looked off into nothingness, murmuring, "Terrible thing to witness for him ..."

"Bishop," I said, knowing full well that Bishop's name was not lost to Mortimer. Vampires were a lot of things. Forgetful was not one of them. He chose not to say it.

"I understand why Sofie has to keep him bound. If I had witnessed Veronique burn like that ..." Mortimer's teeth gritted tightly.

"It was pretty terrible, Mortimer," I agreed, wincing as the memory of Fiona's lifeless eyes-once a lively violet-flashed through my mind. The second the words were out of my mouth, I realized my mistake, what I had all but admitted to. Mortimer certainly didn't miss it, his head cocked to one side as a funny quirk pulled at his brow. "For Bishop to see, I mean," I added quickly, dropping my gaze to the ground. Stupid Evie! Thank heavens for the Tribe's magic protecting me from Mortimer's emotional dissection.

After a moment, I peeked up to see Mortimer nodding slowly, his mind somewhere else again. Was he ... empathizing? Was that what all this was? That's when it dawned on me. Mortimer didn't drag me away from Bishop because he was annoyed. The entire situation pained him, igniting a compassionate side he had so successfully buried and had little desire to show, I'm sure.

Mortimer pushed open the door to my room and gave a casual wave forward, prompting me to enter. As I submitted, his eyes drifted over to my bed where Max lay stretched out, yellow irises resting lazily on us but not bothering to so much as lift his head. Mortimer snorted. "Look at what my vicious creation has become ... You've turned him into a stuffed toy!"

"And an incredibly annoying one at that ...," I grumbled, earning a growl of disapproval from Max.

A tiny smile passed over Mortimer's lips, so fleeting I almost missed it. "Well, I'm glad the giant mutt has served you better than he did me." Again, another shocking admission coming from Mortimer. When the transfer of "ownership" of Max had happened-a bizarre and surprising event-Mortimer was, at first, livid but he seemed to have recovered rather quickly. Perhaps it was because, deep down, Mortimer didn't want me to die, and he knew if Max was my constant shadow, it might help avoid that situation.

Mortimer turned to leave.

"You know," I began, "I ..."

"Yes?" Eyes like black coals peered down at me.

I knew what I wanted to say but was it wise? It didn't matter, I decided. I knew that it was important to say for the simple fact that I meant it. "For what it's worth ... I hope Veronique picks you." If she's not tortured to death, I silently added, my lungs tightening.

His face was placid. He said nothing, just stared at me for a long moment until I wondered if I'd spoken or just thought the words. Then, with a curt nod, he disappeared.

And there goes the Mortimer I know and love ... I pushed the door closed just as a yawn escaped. Though disappointed it had been Mortimer and not Caden walking me back to my room, at least now I understood why Caden wasn't here in the first place. It gave me some small level of consolation.

"Who's Lilly?" I asked Max as I scuttled into bed.

A vampire.

"I know that, Max," I muttered, rolling my eyes at the ceiling. "But who is she and why does she hate Viggo so much?"

Really? Someone hates Viggo? Shocking ...

I let out a loud sigh of exasperation. Clearly, Max was in no mood for anything beyond infuriating me. He was mad about my banter with Mortimer, no doubt. Still ..."You're lucky I need your warmth, dog. Keep your fleas to yourself." I smiled with satisfaction at his responding grumble. Closing my eyes, I played back the night's discoveries-this Lilly vampire, the ability to control a vampire, that weird deja vu connection in the hallway. To top it off, the more-than-civil conversation I'd just had with a nine-hundred-year-old vampire who would've killed me only days ago. That last one allowed me a breath of relief. That was, until I remembered he was yet another person I was betraying with my secrets. Tighter and tighter the tension cinched around my organs, grabbing hold and squeezing until I was sure something would implode. Sleep finally came, just as the sky began to lighten outside, as I was wondering how long before my worries would seize my heart completely.

***

I woke to snowflakes drifting down from a blanket of gray clouds outside my window. I didn't move right away, content to lay perfectly still and memorize the calm, magical scene, imagining that I was inside a snow globe of old world Paris. Calm and safe, free of aching muscles and throbbing neck wounds, toxic Tribe magic, and a looming war. I could handle living in that bubble. As long as Caden was in it ... Caden. Why was it impossible to go five minutes without flashes of those jade eyes entering my mind, without wishing I could see him? Was this normal? How do people function? This was borderline obsessive!

I breathed deeply. That helped marginally. It also highlighted to me that, even with more than ten hours' rest, I felt worse than I had yesterday. At least I hadn't had another Veronique nightmare.

The bed jostled and creaked as a heavy weight eased off it. I know you're awake. It's past noon. I've been listening to your stomach rumble for the past hour, Max announced.

I didn't hazard a move, even though Max's announcement of the late hour surprised me.

Come on! You've barely eaten. You need to eat if you're going to regain your strength.

I let out a small groan. Max was right, of course. My stomach growled like it was going to turn zombie on itself, looking for food.

Come on! I'm aging here! Max exclaimed.

"Stop being so dramatic," I grumbled. "I know werebeasts don't age."

His claws clicked against the hardwood floor as he rounded the bed. Stopping directly in front of me, he leaned down to prod me with a wet nose. I'm sure Caden's waiting for you downstairs.

"Ugh ... You and your evil dog tricks," I muttered. But his ploy worked. The thought of seeing Caden ignited my will power. All I had to do was get my broken body up. Shaking my covers off, I threw my arm around Max's strong neck to pull myself out of bed. Weak-kneed and bleary-eyed, I grabbed a fluffy gray sweater and skinny jeans on my way to the washroom, a brief flicker of satisfaction warming me. I secretly loved having my stylish vampiress dressing me again. As long as it didn't involve poodles, that is.

Walking the hall toward the foyer, I could see that someone had transformed the place from an exquisite chateau to one decked out for a holiday magazine photo shoot while I slept. Miles of garland trailed the railings, festive wreaths hung artistically from every sconce, topiaries with frosted sugarplums adorned side tables alongside simple yet elegant pillar candles. Steroid-fed white poinsettias rested in bunches of three around the entrance and at the two main hall entrances off of the left and right. Warm scents of apples and cinnamon wafted through the air. It was magical. It was excessive. It was like Christmas threw up on the chateau.

"How in the world ..." I began but my words trailed off, in awe. Had I seen any of this last night? No! "How could she have done this in a matter of hours? It's ... she'd need an army! It's just ... impossible!"

Max snorted. Really? You're still using the word impossible when it involves Sofie?

Unable to wrap my mind around the transformation, I shook my head, wondering if Sofie did in fact have an army-an army of Oompa-Loompas packed away in cupboards, waiting to serve her every whim. It wouldn't surprise me.

I followed Max through a maze of unexplored decorated hallways until we pushed through a door into a toasty kitchen filled with the delicious scent of gingerbread. Two mature, plump ladies fiddled over a large stove, prattling away in French. They turned to offer me toothy grins, echoing simultaneously, "Bonjour!"

"Uh ... bonjour," I repeated. They nodded and smiled politely at me, and then turned back to their simmering pots. Clearly, a conversation with me wasn't going to happen.

"Where's Caden?" I whispered to Max, trying not to make it too obvious that I was talking to a dog.

Before he could answer, Sofie entered from the side door. "You're awake! Finally!" she sang out with a broad grin. Her mirth was short-lived, though. Her eyes narrowed and her nose wrinkled as if she had spotted a cockroach scurry past.

My face scrunched in alarm. "What?"

She said nothing, her minty irises zeroing in on my face. The hairs on the back of my neck stood as a strange tingling sensation took over my body, like a thousand tiny little fingers pricking my skin, unable to break through.

"What are you doing to me?" I asked, a touch of hysteria in my voice.

The tingling vanished. Sofie smoothed over her face and her typical calm, unreadable expression took over. "You could feel that?"

I nodded.

A tiny twitch of her upper lip was the only reaction. "How are you feeling?" she asked coolly.

"Okay, I guess. My neck is starting to heal," I gestured to the uncovered bite marks. Sofie strolled over with quick, even strides to inspect them closely. Her mouth curved down in a satisfied expression. "Good. Aside from that, how are you feeling?"

I shrugged. "Tired, I guess. And hungry. Otherwise, I'm okay."

She peered deep into my eyes. "Are you sure?"

Warning bells went off in my head, another bubble of hysteria rising. "Why shouldn't I be? What did you do earlier? What's going on?"

Sofie frowned, shaking her head. "No reason ... Just a test," she answered curtly.

"Were you testing the Tribe's magic? Is it still there?" A second of excitement churned through me. No more toxic Evie! No more lethal danger to Caden should he slip! No more fragile humanity! The excitement was followed by the plummet of dread. Without the Tribe's magic, they'd be able to read my emotions. They'd discover my secrets ... I was a fish out of water, flopping around, desperately searching for safety.

Another long pause. "Yes, it's still there, but ..." This was so unlike Sofie. Normally her answers were quick and decisive, whether true or not. I waited for the rest of the answer but when none came, I couldn't help but feel exasperated. "But what? Sofie?"

After an uncomfortable pause, Sofie shrugged, waving her black-painted fingernails dismissively. "I'm not sure yet ... Don't worry about it. I'm sure it's nothing." The last line felt like an afterthought, a flighty, unconvincing one, but I caught the sharp glare of warning that she threw Max's way. Before I could question it, Sofie was prattling off instructions in French to the two ladies. When done, she turned back to me. "Did you sleep well?"

"No ... I was up for a while because of a bad dream," I admitted, and then wanted nothing more than to change topics so I didn't have to think about Veronique. "What's with all the decorations?"

"Oh ... that." Sofie shrugged, as if it were no big deal. "It's almost Christmas." But then she smiled warmly. "I figured you should have a normal Christmas since you've had so many lousy ones."

I couldn't help it. I burst out laughing. "Normal? Isn't there a group of vampires showing up later today to stop the end of the world?"

Sofie grimaced. "You heard about that."

"Yeah, Mortimer and Mage filled me in last night," I explained as a hot mug of coffee and a freshly baked croissant suddenly appeared before me. The shorter and chunkier of the two ladies smiled at me. The simple act stirred memories and an ache inside me. "I miss Leo, Sofie."

I looked up to see sadness cloud her eyes. "Me too," she whispered, her finger tracing the swirling pattern on the marble countertop. "He was a good friend. Rest assured, he's with Maeve now. Happy. Away from this mess."

I took a sip of my coffee, wondering if that were true. I didn't recall anything about vampires and magic and the illusive Fates casting down judgment on the world in the Bible. Was there even such thing as heaven and God? Could I believe such things anymore?

Yes ... I decided there had to be. I needed to believe Leo was with Maeve. Otherwise, my dear grandfatherly guardian had died for nothing and that knowledge, if nothing else, would break me. I forced the thought out of my head. "What happened to the rest of them? Are Magda and Martha and the other beasts safe?"

Sofie inclined her head. "I thought Max would have told you."

That's right, I realized. Max would know, given he was connected to the other dogs subconsciously. His brothers, who he'd spent four hundred years with. "No, he didn't," I glared sharply at him.

Don't look at me like that. You never asked ... Max responded.

My hand flew to cover my mouth. He was right. I hadn't bothered to ask. I was too wrapped up in myself. What a rotten, selfish person I was turning into.

Sofie's voice broke into my silent scolding. "They're safe. Kiril and Ivan got them out of there before they froze to death."

I felt my face squish up. "Kiril and Ivan ...?"

"Yes. The two property keepers who helped keep the cabin running." Sofie's brow quirked in amusement.

"Oh ..." I finally realized who she was referring to. "Yeti One and Yeti Two."

A soft musical laughter filled the kitchen. "Is that what you called them?"

I replied with a smile. That was a little joke between Julian and me. Little jokes like that kept us sane while in isolation. But my smile dropped when the memories pushed forward.

"What would be more appropriate? Werewolf One and Werewolf Two?" I asked, my voice thick with sarcasm. Max had divulged that little tidbit of a secret randomly on the same day, just before discovering that Valentina was possessed by Ursula.

If Sofie sensed my displeasure, she didn't let on, grinning broadly. "The wolves owed me a favor, so I asked them to watch over you. They know those mountains better than anyone."

A favor. Everyone owes Sofie a favor. I sipped my coffee as I pondered that. Sofie was like the Godfather. Everyone owed her a favor and she wasn't shy about collecting. Leo had owed her a favor for saving his wife, and look where he ended up ... I bit my tongue before I said something I might regret. Sofie genuinely hadn't intended such a tragic end for her friend. All the same, it had happened.

"What'd you do for the wolves?" I asked, pushing my sadness away, replacing it with curiosity.

"Werewolves were all but extinct from the world for a time. They had existed for centuries-another Causal Enchantment gone wrong." Of course ... Sofie slid my plate toward me, reminding me that I should eat. "They're rare. New wolves are created by the bite of the alpha male. There's only ever one alpha male for the entire race. He leads the entire pack and, basically, he creates his pack. When he dies, the role passes on to the next male in succession, the oldest of the alpha's offspring."

"So what happened?"

"Well, the vampires knew how fragile the race was. If you take out the alpha male and its offspring, the entire race will dwindle. So the vampires went after them. They succeeded in killing the last male wolf about three hundred years ago.

"About a hundred years ago, a young woman tracked me down. She was a descendant of the last alpha male and was determined to reclaim her lost heritage. How she found me, I don't know. How any of them keep finding me to solve their problems ..." Sofie rolled her eyes.

I giggled. "You're famous. You're like the Madonna of the supernatural world."

Sofie snorted. "Maybe ... I used my magic to isolate the werewolf gene and create a male replica, thus turning her into an alpha and bringing the species back." She explained it so matter-of-factly that it sounded like a basic "baking soda plus vinegar equals cool fizz" science experiment. I gaped at her, my mouth hanging open.

"What?"

"There's nothing you can't do!" I said.

A glimmer of despair sailed across her face. "I hope you're right ..." Then, as typically mercurial as Sofie was, the sadness disappeared, replaced by a stubborn set of her jaw. "Eat!"

I finished the food, thinking about Yeti One in wolf form. A beautiful, fierce creature standing stock-still, quietly observing us in the mountains that day, just before Ursula attacked. He didn't growl or snap at us; he didn't attack. He was just there, peacefully watching.

"Why would the vampires care about werewolves?" I asked with a mouthful of flaky pastry. "They seemed pretty harmless to me."

Sofie chuckled, shaking her head in that Oh-Evangeline-you're-so-naive way. "I wouldn't call them harmless. They aren't immortal or as super-powered as vampires, but they're tough as titanium. And if they get a bite in beforehand ... it's fatal."

"Really? I thought the only way to kill a vampire was to take their heart out or burn them. Or burn their heart ..." I tried to remember what Amelie and Fiona told me. "Something involving burning and hearts."

"Yes ... and a werewolf bite. It's so rare that we don't normally even worry about it, and no one worried about it once they were extinct."

"Well, if it's so rare, why would the vampires bother? Sounds risky ..."

Sofie smirked. "Did I forget to mention that Viggo was the one who did the eradicating?"

My forehead dropped to the counter dramatically. "Oh ..." Now it made sense. Anything maniacal involving Viggo made sense.

"Of course, if Viggo hadn't, I'd imagine the witches would have sooner or later," Sofie added.

"Why? Does a wolf bite kill them too?"

Sofie shook her head. "They don't like anything they can't control. Wolves aren't easily influenced by their magic."

I sighed heavily. So much hunting and killing for both the witches and the vampires. If they spent less time trying to kill and more time minding their own business, maybe we could avoid this entire war! A new thought dawned on me. "What did Viggo say when he found out you brought werewolves back?" Surely he couldn't have been happy about Sofie undoing his work.

Sofie smiled, defiance twinkling in her eyes. "I guess we'll find out soon enough. They're on their way here to help us ... Eat up!" Sofie slapped the counter as one of ladies slid a bowl of cinnamon-laced, creamy rice pudding in front of me. "Giselle has been stirring that pudding for two hours!" Sofie hopped off her stool and rhymed off another sentence to the ladies. On her way out, she threw over her shoulder, "Caden's in the glass room, when you're finished."

At the mention of Caden, I scrambled to my feet, ready to dash off after her. With remarkably swift movements-as though expecting my reaction-the two plump ladies moved to stand opposite me, arms folded across their chests, morphing from sweet French cooks into stern-faced food sentries, guarding over me until I finished my breakfast.

4. Transformation-Sofie

"It's getting worse," I proclaimed to Mage the second I spotted her jet-black hair in the hallway. "I just left her in the kitchen and ... it's getting worse."

"How so?" Mage's soothing voice, normally a godsend, sparked fury in me.

"Because she has started to change!" I screamed. Mage didn't even flinch at my reaction, as if expecting it. I immediately felt guilty. "I'm sorry ... I didn't mean to ..."

She lifted a hand to quiet me, shaking her head, brow furrowed, dismissing my apology. "That's all right. What exactly has changed since last night?"

I took a deep, bitter breath. "When I went to see her in the kitchen, when I got close, something started pulling on my magic. Draining it. Only slightly. Not to the extent of the Tribe's people completely sapping my magic, but it was there."

Mage nodded slowly, as if registering my words. "Did you tell her?"

"No!" I exclaimed in horror. "There's nothing to tell yet. We don't know ... I don't know ..." But I knew. Deep down, I knew. How could I tell her that her touch might soon be lethal to all those around her? This was exactly something that the Fates would do! "We can't tell her yet ..." I stalked off toward the glass room. "But I do need to warn Caden."

5. Break-Evangeline

Three poinsettia-covered corners and one set of garland-lined stairs later, Max and I stepped into a room entirely made of glass-glass walls, glass ceiling, glass doors. Tasteful furniture in light suede and wool sat in the center, illuminated by an enormous crystal chandelier. Off to the left stood the largest evergreen tree I'd ever seen indoors, its fresh woodsy scent filling the room, the branches covered in beautiful antique-looking ornaments. Boxes of empty packaging and bubble wrap lay scattered everywhere.

"Wow," I murmured under my breath. Sofie teetered on one four-inch-heeled foot on a ladder rung, reaching up to hang a dazzling bronze bulb, her face set with deep concentration.

I watched her precarious position for just a short moment, quickly shifting to the most important element of the room: Caden, leaning up against the white frame structure that held this room of glass together. He had changed into dark blue jeans and white T-shirt that revealed the muscular curves of his shoulders and back. An angel against the snow. An angel deep in thought, based on his side profile; trouble furrowed his brow.

"Caden?" He didn't respond. "Caden?" I asked again, this time my voice a little shaky, a touch uncertain.

His head snapped in my direction, those jade eyes widening slightly before settling on my face. Slowly, he shifted his body toward me.

With some hesitation, I walked over to him, forcing a smile when everything inside me screamed worry. Again, that inkling that something was not right between us. I cast a wayward glance in Sofie's direction. She took that as her cue. "Now, where did I put those seventeenth-century nutcrackers," she exclaimed, leaping from the ladder to give Max a smack on the rump.

Fine, he grumbled, taking the hint and reluctantly following her. They disappeared from the room, Sofie throwing a quick warning glare to Caden on her way out.

I stopped less than a foot from Caden and my breath hitched, feeling his proximity through my entire body.

Gently, he reached up toward my face. He wrapped a finger around a thick lock of my hair and pushed it back off my face. "How'd you sleep?"

"All right. How's Bishop?"

Caden looked over to a spot behind me. I turned to find our broken friend in a corner, in exactly the same position that he'd been in last night. Same expressionless stare. Same lost Bishop. I felt my shoulders sag under the weight of his despair. Caden gave my arm a light squeeze before letting go. When I turned back, he was staring out the window again, his back to me.

"What else is going on?" I finally asked.

Caden turned back. "Not too much," he sighed, adding with a chuckle. "Sofie's gone a little overboard with the whole festive thing."

I giggled. "I know ... where is everyone else? Where is Amelie?"

His voice turned sober. "I haven't seen Amelie. She's been ... busy all night." I caught a hint of something in his expression-I don't know what it was. Displeasure? Worry? It made no sense. He should be happy that Amelie had found someone new. He should be happy that she wasn't alone anymore. He couldn't be unhappy that it was Julian. He had no idea who Julian was ... I cast my focus downward as my stomach constricted over the secret I was keeping from Caden, from them all. Could Amelie have discovered Julian's secret by now? Had he listened to me and kept himself covered? Yes, yes. He must have. I would've heard Amelie's screams, otherwise ...

I looked up to see Caden's brow knitted as he stared at me. He opened his mouth, hesitated, but then asked quietly, "I can't help but feel like there's something you're not telling me ... about Julian."

"What? No!" The lie flew out of my mouth without any thought. I clenched my teeth together before I could say more, dropping my gaze to the floor again. Kittens and clowns ... Kittens and clowns. The calming mantra began. Wait a minute ... they can't read me anymore. Caden knew that I was guilty and stressed over something, but he didn't know what, thanks to the Tribe's magic. I needed to relax!

Taking a deep breath, I looked up again and met his eyes dead on. Somehow, using every ounce of skill I had, I pushed a dazzling smile into my face and held it there, frozen stiff.

After a moment, his lips pressed together and he nodded. He hands slid to my shoulders and he spun me around to face the tree. He pulled me against him, his chest pressed to my back. Warmth spread through me from his affectionate gesture, the comfort of being in those strong, broad arms indescribable. Everything would be all right, as long as I could have those arms around me ... forever.

"Isn't it beautiful?" he murmured, his chin resting on top of my head.

"Yeah," I answered breathlessly. "I never thought this day would come."

"What, Christmas?"

"Well, that too, given my penchant for being attacked. But no. This ... you and me, here. Safe."

I felt his fingers dig into my shoulders. "I don't know if safe is the right word, Evangeline."

"You know what I mean. Remember how worried you were that you'd kill me the second you stepped foot on Earth?"

His tone turned deadly serious. "I almost did, Evangeline. If it hadn't been for Max and Sofie, we wouldn't be standing here right now."

"I know," I said softly. "But after that. Now. Everything's okay now."

He said nothing, leaning in to nuzzle his nose against my earlobe, sending spastic shivers through me. I half turned into him, brushing my mouth against his jawline. I felt a rumble in his chest as he groaned. Deft fingers under my chin tilted my head back and his mouth closed over mine. Normally he was so gentle. Now though, his lips forced mine apart, kissing me deeply, buckling my knees.

Just as suddenly, he broke away, directing my body back toward the tree, leaving me panting and lightheaded. "Bishop," he whispered.

"Of course," I whispered hoarsely. Here I was, ready to maul Caden in front of my broken, battered friend. Sighing, I reached up to pull Caden's arms tighter around me, digging my fingertips into his solid forearms. We stood like that, in silence, our bodies close, until Sofie came back humming "Jingle Bells," holding a glass of pale yellow opaque liquid. Mage followed closely behind with a set of sparkly pink and gold ornaments dangling from her fingertips. I don't know how they could be so festive with the weight of the situation sitting on their shoulders. I noticed that my wayward werebeast was nowhere in sight. Probably hunting.

Mage gave a tiny gasp of delight when she saw the tree, her onyx eyes sparkling. "I've decorated hundreds of trees and none were as lovely as this one," she said, offering me a pleasant smile.

Sofie bowed dramatically and stood, a grin of pride lighting up her mesmerizing face. "Well then, after you, my friend!"

Mage nodded her appreciation as she leapt onto the ladder, nimbly scaling the rungs to the top to hang an ornament.

"Here," Sofie smiled, offering me a tall glass. "Eggnog. Freshly made. You need the fat. You've gotten too thin."

I let go of Caden's arms to take the glass, a silent thanks on my lips. Caden took that as his chance to help Mage with the other ornaments. I watched the two of them hang bulbs off the branches while I sipped the creamy concoction, relishing how much it reminded me of Christmas with my mother. By the time they finished, every branch held at least one bulb. Breathtaking.

"Ready?" Sofie called out, stooping to plug the light into the socket. The tree lit up, a thousand tiny lights reflecting off the ornaments for a dazzling display, even in daylight.

Mage clapped and put her arm around Sofie's shoulder, the first sign of affection I'd ever seen from the vampiress. Even Caden's face lit up with childlike excitement. Such a small thing as Christmas lights amidst the turmoil of impending doom could sparkle like a diamond embedded in mud. I peered over my shoulder, curious if the beautiful sight had caught even Bishop's attention, not expecting it. I was astonished to find his attention riveted to the spectacle.

I smiled sadly. Bishop was still in there. Somewhere, deep inside his misery, our friend was there. Suddenly, the urge to bring Bishop back to the world of the living now-not later, not with time and healing-overwhelmed me.

"What do you think, Bishop?" I pulled my shoulders back and put on a brave smile as I walked toward him. "Beautiful, huh?" Even though he couldn't talk or smile or move in any way, I knew he was in there and he needed to know we were here for him, that we cared and were heartbroken as well. Recalling with reluctance the weird sensations from the night before when I touched his arm, those overpowering feelings of despair when our gazes met, I gritted my teeth, preparing myself. If he can take it, so can I. I bent down to place my hand on his, to feel his cool flesh, to let him know that I would be here for him as best I could ...

The next few seconds happened in a blur. The spine-tingling sound of shattering glass came a split second before I felt movement within my grasp. Bishop, moving! I heard Sofie shriek, "No!" just as I flew back. Something wrapped tightly around my neck, choking me. Strong fingers grasped my chin with thumb and forefinger on either side.

"Let me go or I'll kill her," Bishop's low menacing growl turned my blood icy cold. He was now standing behind me, cool breath breezing against my cheek. I must have misheard him, trying to play the words back in my head. No, he didn't say that. He couldn't be threatening to kill me. This was Bishop!

I watched with terror as Mage, Caden, and Sofie all moved forward in even, cautious steps, equidistant apart.

"Think, Bishop," Caden said slowly, his hands spread out in front of him. "That's Evangeline you have there. You're not going to kill her. You care about her."

"Don't tell me who I care about!" he spat back, and his pain coursed through my body like a live wire. "We're all going to die. Evie's going to die. Better now ... quicker ... than later and more painful."

Caden crept forward with the others. "No, Bishop, it's not-"

"Don't come any closer!" Bishop's voice cracked with the shouted warning.

Caden's eyebrows raised, his hands moving up in a slow surrendering motion. "No, Bishop. Not better. Think about it. Think about how you would feel. Evangeline-" Caden turned toward me. "What do you want, Evangeline? Do you want to die?" I could see growing panic beneath the serenity. I had seen this look once before. Right before Rachel attacked me.

It took a few tries but I found my voice, as shaky as it was. "No ... no, Bishop. I don't want to die. Not by you. Please. I thought you were my friend. Please don't kill me."

"I am your friend," Bishop whispered, agony lacing every syllable. "It's because I'm your friend that I'm doing this."

"What? Threatening to kill me?" I wasn't sure if that would work but I instantly knew what might. "Fiona would be horrified, Bishop," I added so softly, hesitant to even mention her name.

His grip tightened for just a moment, and then I felt myself flying forward, thrown into Caden's arms, as if the aim were intentional. Caden was ready for it, pulling me in protectively, holding me upright as my knees gave way.

Cautiously, I turned back to find everyone else gone. A loud crash followed by snarls exploded from the hallway. I watched with trepidation as Mage and Sofie stalked back moments later, dragging an immobile Bishop between them. Max marched close behind, favoring his right hind leg. He must've ambushed Bishop from the shadows.

"What just happened?" Caden demanded to know, his tone low and menacing. "How ..."

Sofie's mint eyes shifted to me, studying me silently for a moment. "I don't know," she finally said. "Somehow Evangeline's touch broke the binding spell."

"No! No, I didn't!" I cried out defensively. This wasn't my fault! This couldn't be my fault! Quickly remembering the night before, I threw out, "I touched him last night and it was fine!"

"It's okay, Evangeline," Mage said. "We know you didn't mean it."

Sofie sighed. "Are you sure you don't feel any different than you did yesterday?"

She knows something. "You already asked me that, Sofie ... and, no, I don't. Why do you keep asking me that?"

Sofie ignored my question, looking at Max instead. "Max, do you sense anything different with her?"

You're blurrier, Max responded.

I translated.

"Yes, that much we can all sense," Mage said. The four of them exchanged a look.

Sofie stepped forward, closer to me. "I can sense something else. Something I can't put my finger on. I don't want you to panic, Evangeline, but," she hesitated, clearly not wanting to continue.

"Tell me!" I demanded.

"You're changing somehow. It's like the Tribe's magic is getting a stronger hold of you. Perhaps ... morphing."

My breath caught. "What do you mean 'morphing'? Like morphing ... into one of them?" Memories of jaundiced eyeballs and rotten teeth swarmed my mind. Their lethal touch ... I stared at my hand, nestled within Caden's. Would this simple act kill him one day? Would I not be able to touch Caden? Or anyone? "Oh my God," I whispered, unable to catch my breath.

Caden squeezed my hand, his other hand cupping my chin to lift my face. "Calm down, okay?" he said softly and kissed my forehead.

No, no ... he didn't understand. He must've forgotten what that meant. I was now a ticking time bomb, the simple act of holding my hand soon hazardous. I tried to shake my hand out of his but he held fast, growling, "Don't you dare."

"But I could ...," I began, choking on the words. I turned to stare at Sofie.

She slowly shook her head, giving me a weak smile. "You don't feel the same way that they do, so I wouldn't jump to conclusions. I don't know what's happening yet. But for now, just ... please stay away from Bishop." With that, Sofie turned and strode over to the tree. She began piling the shattered remnants of an ornament into the palm of her hand, the shared exuberance over the festive season vanished. If I didn't know better, I'd swear her shoulders were slouching under a terrible weight.

***

I hardly noticed the young, mousy servant-the one Viggo had leered at the other night-sneak in to the glass room with a large silver tray of sandwiches and fruit. My stomach reacted with a growl, as if to remind me that it needed food, regardless of what creature I was turning into. But I was too busy peering into anything reflective, searching for signs of yellowing eyes and brown spots on my teeth, to listen.

"Go eat," Caden urged. Just to get away from him, I obliged, walking over to investigate.

"Wow! A real Christmas tree!" a raspy voice squealed. I turned in time to see an excited Amelie skip in, towing a wobbly Julian behind her, a simple cane in his hand to steady his weak leg. Thankfully, his face had more color in it. He was almost back to his natural olive tone. I guess that means he's feeling better. I quietly wondered if he was going through this same transformation from the Tribe's magic. Would his touch eventually kill Amelie? He hadn't climbed any wooden planks. He was almost dead when we arrived in the jungle, thanks to Ursula blasting him with a bolt of fire. Sure, they covered him with leaves and set him on fire, but maybe the spell was different. Or not ...?

Maybe I was the lucky one in all of this. The lucky chosen one, yet again, I thought bitterly. But then I silently scolded myself. That was like wishing cancer on someone else just because I had it. Disgusting, Evie.

"Wow ... the mood's a little damp in here ...," Amelie muttered after a moment. Emerald-green eyes landed on the corner where Bishop sat, and her face instantly fell.

Julian's hand found its way to her shoulder to give a quick, reassuring squeeze. That was all it took to lift her spirits. When she raised her face again, the agony had disappeared, replaced by a beaming smile and dreamy stare at Julian. "So? What's going on? Where is everyone?"

"Sofie and Mage said they had some preparations to take care of. Max is hunting," Caden answered. "Where have you been?" I couldn't help but catch the harsh tone in his voice, his eyes skipping over Julian ever so briefly.

"Oh, we've been ... indisposed for a while. Julian's needed his rest." She giggled with a mischievous smirk. Julian had the decency to blush, all while stealing glimpses of Amelie's profile, his chocolate irises drawing up and down the length of her, admiring her, as if in awe. I knew exactly what that felt like. I remembered it well. It was the same awe I felt every time I looked at Caden. Under other circumstances, I would be exploding with happiness, seeing them both like this. Now, though, my inner voice couldn't stop screaming, "Fire! Run!"

The young servant finished setting up refreshments. I peered down to see what I could force into my body. "These ones are my favorite," she whispered in a beautiful French accent, pointing to something that looked like a messy grilled cheese sandwich.

I smiled at her and scooped one up. It was crunchy and filled with ham and swiss cheese and smothered in a creamy sauce. I moaned in appreciation and nodded vigorously.

"Heavenly," I said. She responded with a wink and smile that transformed her into a pretty woman. I watched as she quietly gathered up a platter of empty glasses from earlier and began toward the door. As she passed Julian, her mouth crinkled with a smile. "You should eat, Julian."

And then all hell broke loose. It was as if someone had hit the pause button and then cut out a few minutes before restarting time. In a split second, the maid's platter was airborne, glass smashing into the wall, and Amelie had the poor girl pinned to the ground, her teeth bared like a wild dog.

"How dare you!" Amelie shrieked. She straddled the girl, her savage hands gripping tightly onto her biceps. Of course, the girl was too petrified to answer, staring wide-eyed at the hovering crazy woman, which only seemed to infuriate Amelie. "He's mine! Mine!" she screeched, shaking the servant like a rag doll, the poor girl's head slamming repeatedly against the floor.

Julian stood frozen, his eyes popping out with shock, as he witnessed the attack. Thankfully, Caden seemed to have his wits about him. "Amelie!" he shouted, immediately beside them, yanking his fanatical sister off before she bashed in the young servant's skull. Amelie fought him like a caged cat, all claws and feet. "Snap out if it, you crazy bitch!" he roared, giving Amelie a hard smack upside the head.

That seemed to reset something inside her because she calmed down immediately, a flicker of bewilderment passing across her face. "Here," Caden said, shoving her over to Julian, who immediately wrapped his hands around as if to restrain her. I thought that was comical, given she could pummel him to a pulp if she wanted to. Luckily, Amelie stayed put.

Caden reached down and gently helped the ghostly white servant to her feet. Before he guided her out of the room, his hand gripped her chin. He held her gaze. "You tripped over the rug and dropped your platter ... it was an accident ...," he crooned softly. She nodded numbly. Compelled. That was good. The poor girl didn't need to be afraid of being murdered each day she came in to work.

Once the girl was on her way, Caden spun on his heels, throwing Amelie a look of pure disgust. "What the hell is wrong with you? It was an innocent smile!"

"Yeah, but ... she didn't have to remind Julian to eat! And what's with referring to him by his name? She's a servant!" Amelie snapped back petulantly.

Caden's arms crossed his chest. "Probably because she knows Julian and Evangeline are the only humans in this room, and the staff is under strict orders from Sofie to make sure they eat."

"Oh ... right. Sorry. I don't know what came over me." Amelie sheepishly looked to the ground.

Caden wasn't having any of it, though. "You know damn well what came over you. You need to remember before you go all Jekyll and Hyde on us again."

She nodded and then turned to look at Julian. "Sorry. Sometimes I get jealous. I don't do jealous well."

"You don't say." Julian scratched the back of his head. I thought I caught a hint of a flattered smile but I couldn't be too sure.

Amelie giggled and leaned her body into his. "Yeah, especially if I'm into the guy. I turn into a crazy chick!" She waved her hands around in the air and shook her head.

"Yeah, but you're my crazy chick," he said, his brown eyes twinkling with delight, his hand moving to cup her chin and pull her close. Her springy ash blond curls swayed as he tilted her head back to lay a soft kiss on her lips. I groaned in displeasure before I could stop myself. I felt like I was waving goodbye to the passengers of the Titanic as it sailed away, all the while knowing what the trip had in store.

"Julian?" I asked, eager to interrupt their intimate exchange. No answer. No gesture. It was like I wasn't even there. "Julian!" I barked, a touch harsher than perhaps was necessary.

His head snapped over at me, startled, the cheesy love fog disappearing immediately. "Hey, Evie," he offered, rubbing the back of his head again.

I glared at him, shooting what are you doing? daggers with my eyes.

He responded with a shrug and pleading look, comprehending my disapproval, clear as day. "How are you feeling?" I forced out. I was trying to be civil but couldn't deny the sparks of anger.

Amelie answered for him. "Don't worry. He was so tired, he couldn't see straight!"

"That's not what I meant ..." I smirked. "Are you feeling different today? Like ... from the Tribe's magic?"

He frowned. "No, I don't think so."

"Caden, are his thoughts getting murkier, like mine?" I asked, though keeping my focus on Julian. When Caden didn't answer, I turned to repeat my question and found him staring at me, his expression flat, anger heating his gaze. "Is he murkier?" I repeated warily.

Caden gave a noncommittal shrug and shook his head.

"Okay. Maybe he'll be okay."

"Just you what?" Julian asked, his brow furrowed with worry. He dropped Amelie's hands and moved forward to grab my arm, his dark good looks now marred with concern. "What's wrong, Evie?"

"Oh ..." I began but my voice drifted off. Remember those hideous Tribe creatures that scared the daylights out of us, Julian? Well ... guess what I'm going to be next Halloween ... and every other day for the rest of my life ...

Before I could answer, my body was yanked back and out of Julian's reach, strong arms wrapping possessively around my chest. "Nothing. She's fine," Caden said, a dangerous edge in his tone. "Or she will be." I looked up to find him staring at Julian with clenched teeth. What was going on with him?

Loud voices in the hallway broke up the awkward situation. We all ran out to see what the commotion was. We found Sofie and Mage squared off against Viggo and Mortimer, Viggo's face a shade lighter than his normal pale, and Mortimer's brow halfway up his forehead.

"Where did they come from?" Mortimer exclaimed with incredulity.

"What do you mean?" Sofie answered, clearly amused.

Viggo issued a low, feral sound. "I mean ... I killed the last of them and yet seven are standing on our doorstep! That's what I mean!" A mixture of outrage and shock swirled around Viggo-such a rare sight to see.

It suddenly clicked. The werewolves had arrived.

"Yes, you did! And, boy, they haven't forgotten about you," Sofie teased. My heart skipped a beat as I watched her. We had enough problems. Taunting a psychopath wouldn't end well. What was more, I still didn't believe that some allegiance to Sofie would stop Viggo from slaughtering the lot of them.

"I will-" Viggo began but Mage cut him off.

"You will do nothing that breaks your allegiance, will you, Viggo?"

If anger were demonstrated as an illustration in a dictionary, it would look like Viggo's face at that moment, contorted and seething, ready to explode, his words forced out in a short burst through gritted teeth. I had never seen him lose his cool. Despite the real threat to all of us, I enjoyed it.

"That was before-"

Mage cut him off again, her tone sharp. "There is no before. There just is. You gave us your word. You, a man of unrivaled integrity, right?"

"Breaking an allegiance served as blackmail doesn't sound so dishonorable to me," Viggo spat back, but I gathered it was an irrelevant point. Mortimer had alluded to the value of honor before. It used to define a person, to determine his or her worth. Although crazy, Viggo was still old school. Mage's challenge just might stay his hand. For now.

Mage continued. "I warned you before, Viggo ... Sofie may be willing to keep you alive for Veronique's sake, but I harbor no such desires. It would be easier for all if I made Veronique's choice for her, don't you agree?" She added that last bit sweetly, but her intent was crystal clear. Cross her and she'd eliminate the choice for Veronique. That's the Mage I remember, I thought.

Mortimer finally spoke again. "They will help us control the situation when Lilly gets here. I'm not exactly a fan of those things, either. However, they will be of use to us. We need all the help we can get."

Again with this reference to this fearsome Lilly character. I still didn't know any more about her. The way they described her, I was beginning to think I'd be meeting a five-headed vampire Godzilla.

Viggo's lips twisted in disapproval, unconvinced by Mortimer's logic. "Until they sink their vile werewolf teeth into us."

"Werewolves!" Amelie exclaimed in shock. "Oh, I've never seen one in real life! They were killed off with the war in our world."

As if Mortimer and the others just realized they had a crowd of curious observers, they turned to us. "They're not kittens, Amelie," Mortimer snapped.

She responded with an exaggerated pout and frown, not yet accustomed to Mortimer's rebukes.

Viggo jumped in, lightening the mood in his typical twisted fashion. "Well, now's your chance! So nice of you to join us, Amelie and Julian ... finally," he purred, a wink directed at Julian.

Julian turned beet red. I couldn't tell if it was because of the insinuation that he and Amelie had been-busy-or if it was simply a natural reaction to Viggo.

Amelie ignored both of them. "Are they dangerous?"

Sofie rolled her eyes, no longer finding amusement with the little bomb she'd dropped. "Okay, enough about the wolves already. They're not a big deal. We have bigger things to deal with."

"Like what exactly?" Amelie probed. It was then that I realized she was more in the dark than I was with regards to what was going on, having been holed up with Julian for the past twenty-four-plus hours.

"Like preparing. Lilly has accepted our invitation."

I heard Amelie's harsh whisper behind me. "Who's Lilly?"

***

By late afternoon, I'd exchanged my inner turmoil of the Tribe's magic and its implications for pure exhaustion. I wasn't sure if it was physical or mental, but I couldn't keep my eyes open, drifting in and out while curled up on the couch. At some point, I felt my body floating through the air, cradled within someone's arms. I pictured strong, healing angel's arms, carrying me up to the heavens where all was calm and safe and no disease coursed through my veins. Soft, low music swirled somewhere in the back of my head, colliding with my thoughts, dulling them to blissful garble. A few times, my eyes cracked open to see jade stars shining down on me. And then my angel was placing me down in a bed of fluffy white clouds. I sunk further and further in until they swaddled me in their soft embrace.

Sharp, tingly pins and needles coursed through my body to my fingertips. I was in that same dark, dank room that smelled of dirty water. I was chilled to the bone. This time, though, instead of lying against the cold, concrete ground, I was sitting on it. A steady drip echoed in the room, drilling into my eardrum. Drip, drip, drip. As I hunched in closer to myself to fight off the chill, I noticed how badly my back throbbed. It felt like my skin had been badly burned by the sun. I knew that couldn't be the case and yet I longed to peel my shirt off, to eliminate all contact. Reaching down, I rubbed the light, gauzy material of my dress with my fingers. Too light to irritate skin, one would think.

Drip, drip, drip ...

The same crack of light stared at me from beneath that same door. Just like the other night. My Veronique dream. Would a crazed, whip-wielding witch come flying through the door at any second?

A shadow passed in front of the crack of light. Inside the room. It was small and moved haltingly. Scurried was more like it. My focus glued to the crack, I waited to see it pass again. A moment later, a softness brush up against my forearm. My arm shot out reflexively to launch it across the room. It let out a squeak of displeasure. "Ahhh! I hate rats!" I cried out, shuddering.

"What?"

I froze with the single word. Not because there was another person in my dark, dank cell. The question had come from my lips, but it wasn't me who'd spoken. The thought wasn't mine-I knew that much-but my mouth had moved.

"What?" I echoed, testing for a difference. This time it was clearly my thought, my brain controlling my mouth's movements.

Silence. My eyes shifted in the darkness, warily, waiting for it to happen again. After a long moment, I let out a heavy sigh. "I'm all kinds of messed up," I muttered.

My lips moved in a gasp. "How are you doing this?" Another foreign thought asked the question.

My stomach knotted. What the hell was going on? I was used to Max's intruding voice inside my head. But this was different. This was like I was sharing my body with another person. With trepidation, I answered. What's the worst that could happen?

"How am I doing what?"

"Who is this?" the voice asked, her tone pleading. Before I could answer, she asked, "Do you know Sofie?"

I paused, my curiosity overshadowing sheer terror. This strange back and forth where I controlled my mouth and then I didn't control it and then I did control it-like what I imagined a person with multiple personalities would need to manage-took some coordination.

"Evangeline," I answered cautiously. "And yes, I know Sofie." Then I dared ask the next question, the one I was fairly certain I knew the answer to. "Are you Veronique?"

Another gasp. "Yes! How is this happening?"

And there it was. I knew then and there that this was no dream. Somehow I was still connected to Veronique. Even though the Tribe released me from the curse, we were still bound. Of course! It made perfect sense. When I sat atop that platform with the Tribe circling and chanting below, when I saw that vision of Fiona dead in the atrium, I was witnessing it all through Veronique's eyes the moment she was released. Now I was somehow connecting with her in my dreams.

"Evangeline?" She pulled me back from my thoughts.

"I don't know how it's happening. When I fall asleep, I find myself here. I thought I was dreaming at first," I explained. Here we go again.

Veronique's voice turned low and fearful, almost a whimper. "This is no dream. It's a nightmare, Evangeline. Please, help me!" she pleaded. "They're torturing me! They told me they will kill me soon!" My cheeks burned with her tears. "I don't understand. Why has Sofie left me like this?"

I awoke with a wheezing gasp and Veronique's question playing over and over in my head. Why has Sofie left me like this? Because she doesn't know, Veronique. Because I'm keeping you a secret. My heart pounded against my rib cage as panic seized, as I began rationalizing the situation in my head. I'm sure it'll be fine, once she does find out ... that you're being tortured and threatened while we sip eggnog and hang seventeenth-century nutcrackers on Christmas trees. It won't bother her at all. She'll pat me on the back and say, "You're so brave and smart, Evangeline."

I sat up in bed. I was alone in my room, Max nowhere to be found. Absently, I remembered being carried up here and realized it must've been Caden whispering softly to me, tucking me into bed, and not violin-strumming angels in the clouds. I silently wished he were here so I could bury my face in his chest and forget everything else for just a moment.

But he wasn't here to soothe my guilty conscience, I acknowledged bitterly. It didn't matter. What mattered was that Veronique was being tortured and begging for help and I was the only one who could help her. I was denying her that by not telling Sofie. I was single-handedly risking Veronique's life because I was worried. Because of a possibility. Nothing more. I assumed Sofie couldn't be pragmatic. Was that fair? Didn't Sofie have a right to know? Didn't Mortimer? Viggo ... I didn't care for his rights. He could shrivel and starve for the next million years in a silent, lonely hell.

But the others ... and Veronique! I pulled my knees to my chest as the pieces clicked together. My back, blazing, skin raw, bothered by the lightest of materials. Lash marks would do that to a person. They were whipping her. Recalling the words of the witch last time, Veronique was immune to magic. Like me. Because I got up on that platform to rid myself of the pendant, she was now in the hands of the enemy, being tortured because they couldn't use good old magic to do it.

I began to hyperventilate. Sliding over to the edge of the bed, I leaned forward and cradled my forehead in my hands, rocking back and forth. What am I going to do? My head throbbed. In, out, in, out. She'll go crazy if she stays in that dungeon with that torturous dripping sound ... Drip, drip, drip ... I'll go crazy if she stays there. I wasn't made for this deception.

There was no way around it.

I had to tell Sofie.

It took a minor panic attack and fifteen minutes of a one-way conversation to convince myself that this was the right choice. But how on earth did I deliver news like this? The one thing I knew was that Viggo and Mortimer could not be around. Once I told Sofie, the weight would be off my shoulders and on hers. She could decide what to do and whom to tell. Selfish, but she was made to handle this. She was made of something stronger than titanium.

By the time I walked down the stairs and through the halls, my body was moving in a zombielike daze while my belly was threatening to empty itself of that delicious ham and cheese sandwich. I took a deep breath, my subconscious giving me a pep talk. This will be no problem. I just need to get Sofie alone. A grandfather clock somewhere gonged ten times as I stepped into the Christmas tree room. Everyone was there.

"Lilly's plane has landed. The rest of them are congregating at the airfield before coming here. None of them will enter alone," Mortimer announced as I walked in.

Around me, organized frenzy erupted. All thoughts of my confession vanished as a new pot of turmoil boiled over. I stood by, an unnoticed bystander, while Mortimer barked orders on the phone to someone to keep their distance and report back every fifteen minutes. His spies, I gathered. In an excited flurry, Viggo sailed past me, announcing everyone needed to get "blooded up" to be ready for a fight. Amelie shifted closer to Julian, her arms wrapped protectively around his body, no doubt planning on attaching herself to him at all times. Caden stood like an unpleased statue, arms crossed, brow furrowed, glaring from Sofie to Mage.

It felt like the war might begin in this chateau, on this night.

"Ready?" Mage asked Sofie. They shared the longest stare. Finally, Sofie sighed, nodded, and disappeared. What are they up to now? I tried to catch Caden's eye but it was locked on Bishop, his mouth curved downward with discontent. I didn't have to wonder what was going on for long. In fewer than ten seconds, Sofie reappeared with a silvery cord in her hand.

Merth. I recognized that stuff. It was nonexistent on Earth until I brought two giant duffel bags back from Ratheus. Sofie must've grabbed some as she ran out of Viggo's palace during the assault. Were they going to bind Lilly with it? Seriously?

"Um, I don't think that's the best way to get on this Lilly person's trusting side," I said. My voice drifted off as Sofie's focus zoned in on Bishop, a suspicious and intentional gleam in her eye. Bishop, my unmoving, unspeaking, emotionally frail friend in the corner, was being eyed like mouse in a snake's cage.

"What are you ...?" I said, as it slowly dawned on me what they were doing.

"I'm sorry," Sofie offered softly as she and Mage moved in to sandwich the motionless Bishop, Mage in behind and Sofie in front, their standard predatory position. Sofie was speaking quietly to Bishop. Standing in front of him, an apologetic smile on her face, threads of paralyzing silvery weed in her grasp.

My head began shaking side to side. "No ... no ... no."

"She needs all of her magic available for this meeting, Evangeline," Caden explained softly. "She can't risk losing a hold of the binding spell again and we don't know what to expect of Lilly. If Sofie needs her magic to fend her off or if she gets hurt, she'll end up releasing Bishop. He'll do anything to escape, remember?" I looked up to see his eyes boring into me, a stern reminder within. "That's not good for anyone."

"But ..." I looked at our friend again, hunched over, so pathetic, so lost. "He's already suffered so much." I heard the shrill sound of my own voice by the end of it, pleading. "We're treating him like a prisoner! It's not right. He hasn't done anything wrong!"

"He almost killed you, Evangeline!" Caden exploded suddenly.

"He wouldn't have and you know it!" I threw back, setting my jaw defiantly. "He was bluffing. He just wanted to be free."

Caden turned away from me as he shook his head with frustration.

"I know what you're thinking," I said. "I know what you're all thinking! Poor, naive Evangeline! She's clueless! She's a silly human! Well, maybe I am but at least I don't torture my friends!" I looked to Amelie and Caden, to Max, but got no support. Nothing. Only Julian dared meet my stare from his spot out of the line of fire.

It's for the best, Max said.

"Of course you would think so," I muttered.

"It's just for now," Sofie explained softly. "I'll think of something else. I promise."

"But ..." I began but the objection died at my lips, all of my steam evaporating instantly. I knew no amount of begging and pleading would convince them otherwise. They were vampires. This was temporary for them. Anything temporary could be endured, even if it was excruciatingly painful. My body tensed as Mage reached forward to grip Bishop's shoulders, securing him. Sofie's lips moved swiftly.

The second the binding spell broke, Bishop let out a roar and began twisting and thrashing against Mage's grip. "Don't let them do this, Evie!" he bellowed, his plea shattering my heart into a thousand pieces. Tears began burning in my eyes as I pawed for Caden's hand. "Please!" I cried but it was no use. Caden's jaw tightened as he stared forward, his hand lifeless in mine.

"It's the right thing to do and you know it," he answered in that cold, distant tone I had heard so long ago, the one he used when he needed to shut everyone out. He was shutting me out. My head jolted as if he'd slapped me. He may as well have. By the time I turned back, Sofie was already securing the Merth around an immobile Bishop's wrists. It was done.

"A thousand tiny razor blades cutting you, over and over again ... each one feeling like the first," I whispered a reminder to all of them in case they had forgotten.

Utter silence met my words. Six vampires, a werebeast, and two toxic humans watching the one who had suffered the most, who continued to suffer, for the mere fact that he couldn't scream out. I felt like I was sitting in one of those glass rooms, witnessing an execution of an innocent person. But what was worse-what I couldn't bring myself to admit-was that I knew they were right. This was for the best. This was only temporary. Bishop had survived Merth before. He could survive it again. What did that acceptance say about me? What human was I turning into that I'd listen to a dear friend plead for his freedom, that I'd stand and watch him tortured? My friend, whose internal struggle was enough to splinter an army's will?

Suddenly, there was nowhere I wanted to be less than there, in this vampire world where this was an acceptable solution to a problem. Yanking my hand out of Caden's, I bolted from the glass room and sprinted down the hallway. I didn't stop. Caden didn't chase. This time, just this once, I didn't want him to. I didn't want to be around these cold, calculating creatures. I didn't want to become one of them.

Sharp claws tapped against the tile behind me. "Stay away from me, Max!" I screeched as tears burned my cheeks. The tapping slowed and then stopped altogether.

I kept running and no one followed me and I was happy. When I found myself in the hall overlooking the courtyard, the urge to venture outside slowed my feet. Coatless, bootless, gloveless-I opened the door and stepped into the frigid night without an ounce of hesitation. The crisp winter chill seized my bare skin, its icy fingers curling around my limbs. It was balmy compared to the mountain temperatures, but it froze my tears in seconds nonetheless. The mountains ... in that moment, trudging through the deep snow in striped pink and gray socks and slippers, I pictured a possessed Valentina stomping in from the cold wearing nothing but a sweater. I was now the crazy one. I was worse! Leo wouldn't approve of this, I thought, smiling sadly, thinking about my grandfatherly guardian. It had only been days since I'd seen him last, but it already felt like a lifetime ago.

I trudged through the snow, one step in front of the other in a straight march, feeling the snow's damp chill as it formed an uncomfortable cushion in my slippers. Though my actions felt wayward, I knew exactly where I was headed.

When I finally reached the great oak tree, I spent a moment dreamily marveling at its grandeur, even in the dead of a winter's night. It towered over me, its branches spreading out at least thirty feet. It had to be hundreds of years old. I closed my eyes for a moment and imagined a summer afternoon relaxing under its generous shade, a book in hand. Enjoying life. Enjoying Paris. Would that even happen? Where would I be next summer? Would I be alive? Would I be deadly to those I loved?

I wrapped my arms tightly around my body as the effects of the cold began to wear on me. Why had Sofie been out here last night? I focused my attention to the base of the tree. At my feet lay a single white pillar candle, nestled next to a bunch of frozen pale white roses. The wick had long since burnt down. Beneath it, a flat bronze object caught my attention. Kneeling, I brushed away the freshly fallen snow to reveal a bronze plaque embedded in a concrete rectangle: Nathan 1237-1889.

Nathan was buried right here, under this tree.

It made perfect sense and yet my heartbeat sped up all the same. Of course he was buried here. It explained Sofie's desire to sit out here alone. My heart instantly ached for the woman. And for Mortimer, and Amelie, and Bishop. Love seemed to be a damning condition for all vampires.

Next to Nathan's tombstone, I noticed another glimmer of bronze. I brushed away the snow to find a second tombstone with another inscribed plaque. This time, my heart did a full stop. It read Sofie Girard 1862 - 1889.

Sofie had buried herself-her spiritual self, her humanity, her heart-alongside the man she killed so many years ago. I leaned back and wrapped my arms tightly around my chest as numbness seeped into my body, picturing Sofie in this spot over a hundred and twenty years ago, lowering the man she loved, who trusted her unequivocally, into the ground. Because she put him there. She too died that day, both through her physical transition but also her core.

My fingers were red and stiff. I need to go inside, I scolded myself. I'm not proving anything by being out here, like an idiot. Except that I'm an idiot. Struggling to stand, fists tucked under my armpits, I let my eyes wander over the grounds for a second. A massive octagonal gazebo-like structure stood in the center of the space, its wooden trellis walls obscured by a web of frozen, leafless vines. I wandered over. Inside, three partially snow-covered concrete benches faced each other. Further back, surrounding the entire area including the massive oak, was a cedar hedge border, at least forty feet high and so thick, a squirrel would have trouble tunneling through. A few wooden archways and statues peppered various paths, lined by small shrubbery. It was a royal garden. No doubt a spectacular one in any other season. Now, though, it lay asleep, catering to a dead vampire and a crazy girl.

I was about to head back inside when hobbled steps crunching toward me announced someone's approach. I half turned to see a dark-haired figure moving forward. Julian, picking his steps carefully, with a heavy black jacket thrown on haphazardly, a long, white coat slung over his arm.

"I thought you were smarter than to come out here without at least a coat, Evie," he lectured.

"I don't know what you're talking about, Julian. It's like summer," I grumbled indignantly. For some reason, a renewed streak of stubbornness forced my back to him. I knew this Bishop decision had nothing to do with him, but I couldn't help it.

I felt his presence behind me. After a few moments, when I didn't acknowledge him, he silently spread the jacket over my shoulders. He didn't leave, though. We remained like that until I silently acknowledged that I was, in fact, an idiot. I gave up my stubborn front and slid my arms into the coat, allowing the duck feather down fill to envelop my half-frozen body. I took a seat on one of the benches.

"You know I've heard sitting on cold concrete will give you hemorrhoids," Julian joked softly.

I snorted, annoyed. I knew he was trying to skirt the subject. "It's easy for you to joke, Julian," I said. "He's not your friend. You despised all vampires until two days ago, remember? Now you're in love." I sounded petty. I immediately hated myself for it.

"I agree. He's not my friend and I don't know him at all," Julian answered, easing himself down beside me. "But he's your friend, and he's Amelie's friend. I don't want to see either of you suffer. That will happen if he's not bound up because he'll die. Everyone seems to agree on that point but you."

"It's not that I don't agree," I finally admitted, the words acrid on my tongue. "We do need to keep him safe. I get it. Of course I get it. I'm not stupid."

"No one said you were, Eve," Julian said, putting his arm around my shoulder and squeezing me to his body.

I stiffened. Back in the mountains, the gesture had been comforting and welcomed, as close as we were. Now, it made my body turn in on itself like a turtle struggling to hide in its shell. And yet, I had no idea why. Perhaps it was because of his insane new girlfriend.

"It's just that everyone is so willing to do it. It's like they don't care!"

"Oh, they care, believe me. Well," he added with a sneer, "except maybe Viggo."

I scowled. "They didn't even fight. They didn't argue. They just went along with it."

Julian was shaking his head before I'd even finished speaking. "You weren't there earlier, Eve," Julian said, his tone now scolding. "I thought Amelie and Caden were going to tear Sofie to pieces when she told them what she needed to do. Why put him through more pain when he's already suffering so much?" Julian's heavy dark brows furrowed deeply. "Man, does Amelie have a temper ... Luckily, it only lasted for ten minutes before they came around but ... damn, those ten minutes! I seriously thought they were going to kill each other. Bloody vampires ..."

Vicious Amelie. I wouldn't have believed it before. Even when dealing with Rachel and Jethro, she'd always been calm and collected, delivering biting blows with grace. But the incident I'd seen earlier with the innocent servant girl had shown me a new side of Amelie. An uncontrolled one I'd prefer never to see again and hoped not to be the target of. At the same time, hearing that they put up a fight on Bishop's account made me feel a little better.

Julian continued. "Vampires are pragmatic. You know as well as I do. Amelie would rather see Bishop bound up and feeling a hundred razor blades than be dead. It's the lesser of two evils, though it may not sound like it. It's the right thing to do." Julian zipped his jacket and hunched into himself, no doubt freezing by now. "Whatever is about to enter these gates-this Lilly-I don't know about you, but I want Sofie's full power to protect us. She sounds pretty scary if Viggo doesn't want her around. Amelie and you need to be protected. You two mean everything to me." His voice dropped to a low whisper as he leaned in, squeezing more tightly, his forehead resting against the side of my head. "You might hate me but you're all I have left.

Hate. Such a wicked word. I sighed, shifting to look over at Julian, those chocolate-brown irises only inches away, pleading with me. I stared silently at my fellow captive, my fellow orphan, my fellow everything. My friend. Tattoo or not, he had saved my life and my sanity.

"I don't hate you, Julian," I whispered.

He snorted. "Really? Because you haven't exactly been friendly since-"

"Shhh!" I warned, checking the shadows.

"Since ... you know." Julian finished vaguely.

"Yeah ... well ... it caught me off guard. I trusted you and then ... bam! Surprise! But that doesn't bother me anymore. What I care about is what it will do to Amelie if she finds out. I'm afraid this will be more than she can deal with."

"I know," Julian groaned, dropping his forehead into his palms, reddened from the cold. "God, I know, Evangeline! Do you think I planned this? I don't know what happened. I just remember waking up in the hut and there she was, like an angel, hovering over me and then ..." He paused, searching for words, a crooked smile curving his mouth in a cute way. "I can't get her out of my head! It's like I crave her! I've never met anyone like her before, Eve. If I knew back then what I know now, I never would have let ... you know what ... happen. I never expected to fall in love with a vampire."

In love ... I smiled, despite everything. "I know what you mean." I remembered that first moment, waking up in the cave after knocking my head to see Caden standing over me with an armload of wood for the fire. Of course, I didn't know it then, but that was the second I fell in love with him. Everything after that was merely supporting evidence. He didn't have to speak; he didn't have to do anything. It was like some inner connection pulled us together, firmly lodging him into my soul so that he could never leave without me losing a part of myself. Was that what true love was like for everyone? Or just when your heart was tied to the devastating predicament of being in love with a vampire?

I looked back at Julian, watching me silently. Again, another level in which our fates were linked. How could I be angry with him for the very thing I was guilty of? I felt my shoulders sag, the chip I harbored against him dissolving.

"I just don't want to see you get hurt, that's all. Or get dead! Or Amelie get hurt. Or Caden get hurt, for that matter." Hurt because I'm hiding such a huge secret from him.

Julian grimaced. "That guy already hates my guts."

I frowned, recalling the strange reaction to Julian's hand on my arm earlier. "I don't know about hate but ..."

Julian shrugged. "Oh, I do. I caught him staring at me a few times today like he wanted to take me out back and break every bone in my body." His eyebrow quirked up. "Do you think he knows?"

I shook my head. If Caden knew, there's no way Julian would still be alive. "He's being overprotective of Amelie. That has to be it. He is her big brother, and you're ... well, you're doing whatever with his sister."

Julian shrugged, unconvinced.

"At least, let's hope that's what it is. He doesn't need to know any of this because it doesn't matter anymore, right?"

Julian nodded and then hesitated as if afraid to bring something up. "They told me what's happening to you because of the Tribe magic. What could end up happening to me too ..."

I didn't say anything as a giant lump formed in my throat. The Bishop drama had helped temporarily push that issue out of my mind. Now, though, it was back with a vengeance.

"Sofie will figure it out," Julian assured me, patting my knee. "She has to."

"And what if she doesn't, Julian?" I whispered, turning to take in his friendly face, begging for a solution.

Julian answered by reaching out to grab hold of my hand. "Then it's you and me, babe," he said. "We can go back and live in the mountains. Or to the motherland, with our people." Then he winked. "But only if you wear that little outfit."

"Julian!" I smacked his chest but burst into giggles. It felt good. I hadn't laughed in a while.

I opened my mouth, a thank-you on my lips, when a deep, feral growl in the shadows stopped me cold. An inhuman sound. My body, already frozen from the cold, now solid with terror. Grasping at Julian's arm, I slowly leaned forward and hazarded a peek around the edge of the gazebo wall, searching the source, preparing to scream like a banshee for Max.

Behind a thorny bush, I caught sight of a wolf at least twice the size that I expected a wolf to be. Its white fur sparkled with snowflakes, shining under the moonlight, while its peculiar humanlike eyes peered back at us.

"Is that ... Yeti One?" Julian whispered, shocked.

"I think so, but ... if it is why is he growling at us?" He wasn't focused on us, I realized. Something behind us had his attention. Slowly, stiffly, unable to breathe, I turned to see what had this werewolf's fur in a bunch.

About ten feet away, half hidden by a wide bush, a tall, tawny-haired form stood in the shadows. Caden, his hands in his pant pockets and watching in silence, his expression set in a way that didn't hint at an ounce of fear, but he certainly wasn't comfortable, either. I wasn't sure if Yeti One had issue with Caden because he was a vampire or because he stood in the shadows, spying on us. How long had he been there? What had he heard? Cold fear crawled through my insides with icy slowness, taking its time until every inch of me was filled with guilty dread. I replayed the conversation in my head. We had been careful, guarded with our words, right? But what exactly did we say?

His cover now compromised, Caden stepped forward. Yeti One took this as his leave to disappear into nothingness, pleased that he had exposed the intruder. Caden offered me a small crooked smile.

"Cooled off yet?" I felt the heat creep up in my cheeks, embarrassment quickly replacing anger. "You need to come inside. You're frozen," he scolded.

Another wave of stubbornness hit me. "No, I'm not," I said, as my body hunched inward to ward off the cold, now deeply rooted in my bones. Not convincing. Judging by his sigh of exasperation, Caden didn't buy it, either.

Caden's gaze shifted to Julian and with it, the already frigid temperatures plummeted to an arctic chill. His smile disappeared, replaced with what I could only describe as a look of restraint-like he was envisioning launching Julian into the hedge. Now I see what Julian's talking about.

"Can I talk to my girlfriend alone?" Caden asked, his voice low. My heart skipped a beat. Yes, he had already professed his love for me, so him referring to me as his girlfriend should be nothing. And yet, in all the turmoil and doom tainting our daily lives, that identity reminded me that my one shining ray of light hadn't abandoned me.

"Go ahead," Julian answered, his own voice taking on that cocky harshness he'd used with me upon our first meeting. "Are we okay?" he asked softly, grabbing my hands and squeezing.

I answered with a small smile. "Yeah, we're okay. Or we will be."

He struggled to stand, using my shoulder as leverage, and then walked past Caden without even a glimpse in his direction, disappearing inside. Caden, on the other hand, glared after him the entire way. Only when Julian was gone did Caden step into the gazebo. "I know we seem cold and heartless sometimes, but ...," he began, his voice drifting off as he took the seat Julian had just vacated.

I gazed at his profile, at this beautiful but tortured creature. I was bursting to touch him. To lean up against him, to feel the contours of his shoulders beneath my fingers, to nuzzle my nose into his neck. Yet that little voice inside my head warned me against it for so many reasons. You're no good for him! It whispered. You're morphing! Soon, your touch will kill him! It reminded me. You may as well let him go now! Gritting my teeth, incapable of controlling myself, my hand cautiously reached forward, halting inches away from his, unable to close the distance. My throat clenched as jade eyes shifted to lock on my face, revealing nothing about the thoughts behind them. They slid down to study my hand hovering dangerously close to his but still, silence. Say something, Caden. Anything.

Suddenly, his fingers closed over my hand. He squeezed tightly, the contact waking up my entire body. I released the breath I'd been holding for far too long. My touch wouldn't harm him yet. I leaned in against him.

"You guys are right. I know that. I just overreacted." I admitted, pressing my forehead to his cheek, inhaling his scent. Caden's body shifted as he wrapped his arm around my back. He didn't speak.

"Girlfriend, huh?" I smiled, peering up shyly into his beautiful face. He returned the smile but I couldn't help notice the twinkle missing from his eye, in its place, disquiet. Something was bothering him. I felt my own smile fading in reaction. He scooped me up and pulled me onto his lap, his strong arms wrapped around my waist.

"Do you know what drew me to you?" he asked quietly, his eyes rolling over my entire face, pausing on my mouth.

"My humanlike qualities," I said, grinning.

"Well, I guess so." He paused. "You are so human ... so innocent."

"You mean naive?"

One side of his mouth raised into a half-smile. But then the smile melted away, replaced with a stony mask. "I mean honest. It's like you couldn't lie. I loved that about you."

Couldn't. Loved. Past tense. My stomach did a nosedive into my frozen feet as dread surged. I didn't know what was coming next, but I sensed it wouldn't be good. Caden's gaze shifted away from me. My mouth worked around a few words but finally gave up, incapable of forming them.

"Your honesty is what sets you apart from all the deception swirling around us. All the lies, the deceit. The vampires. This life that I've lived for seven hundred years. I knew I could trust you not to lie to me ... until now."

Like an arrow driven through my heart, Caden's words paralyzed me with their crippling pain. The cold no longer mattered. I felt nothing but utter and complete wretchedness. "You can trust me," I whispered, forcing the words past the giant lump in my throat. "I would never lie to you." Liar! You're lying right now! Omission is lying!

Caden's jaw tightened. He paused before speaking again, as if hesitating. "Maybe not lie but ... there's something you're not telling me. About Julian."

My insides spilled out of my feet now and hit the cold snowy ground. Even with the Tribe's magic masking my secrets, that inner toil over holding Julian's secret was still obvious enough to Caden. Again, my mouth opened to speak but failed to form the much-needed words of defense. How could I deny it without it being a lie?

Caden's hand found its way to my chin. Pinching it, he turned my face to meet his again. "I tried to kill you, Evangeline," he said slowly.

I frowned, confused by the sudden change of topic. "Yes, but-"

He cut me off with a soft shushing sound. "And then you were sent out into exile for an indefinite time. It could have been forever. You knew nothing about what was going on. For all you knew, I was a blood-crazed evil maniac who had used you to get here. You were imprisoned with that guy. He's not bad-looking, I guess." Resentment seeped into his voice. "I'd understand if something ... happened."

"Happened?" I echoed, trying to get his meaning, my brow crinkling as I focused on the ground beside us, thoroughly confused.

"You know ... between you two?"

Happened ... My jaw dropped as the realization hit me. Of all things, I hadn't expected that. Caden was ... jealous? Seriously? I turned to find him watching me, his face expressionless, unreadable, but his stare screaming loudly. He believed there was something more to Julian and me than friendship, and he was jealous! Of course! No wonder he'd acted that way around Julian! If this wasn't such a serious situation, I may have laughed. Caden? Like I could so much as bat an eye at another man after you?

Before I could speak, Caden started again, his jaw taut. "Don't deny it, Eve. Don't you dare even think about it. I heard you guys talking. Now. Before, when we first got here. I heard it all. And the looks you give him every time he's with Amelie. Like you can't stand it ..."

In shock by this sudden change in direction, I furiously rifled through my memories of my conversations with Julian. I couldn't remember exact details. We were careful about what we said. We hadn't mentioned anything about the tattoo or the Sentinel. There was nothing! Nothing at all! Maybe ... were we too careful? Were we so vague that, to an outsider lurking in the bushes, could it have been interpreted as a romantic tryst? And of course I couldn't stand seeing Amelie and Julian together. They were doomed.

I slid my arms from Caden's neck and folded them over my chest, studying the snowy ground as I struggled to form thoughts. Caden knew I was hiding something. Denying would make it worse. It would only drive a larger wedge between us. But I couldn't tell him Julian's secret. I'd be a death sentence for my friend. What did I do? Let Caden think I had cheated on him? Well, was it cheating? Under the circumstances ... he'd all but given me the green light to do it. He had tried to kill me, after all.

A sick feeling roiled through me as my brain negotiated with my heart. As much as I despised the idea of Caden thinking I had been with Julian, it was his ego or my friend's death. I had to choose. This moment would either kill Julian or save him. I knew what I had to choose. The lesser of two evils. Hadn't I just finished saying I could never lie to him? Before I could chicken out, I forced the words out in a rush.

"It was only that one time." Those six words wrenched out my insides. I didn't dare look up as hot tears streamed down my cheeks, for fear of him seeing through my lie.

At first, only silence met my admission of guilt. But then I heard the sharp intake of air. Caden's arms dropped from my body to his sides, ripping off a chunk of my humanity he loved so much with them. He said nothing. We sat in agonizing silence for what seemed like forever.

Finally, unable to bear it any longer, I hazarded a glance up. Caden's eyes were distant, the pain of betrayal dancing within them. This was a thousand times worse than if he had stormed off. "I'm so sorry!" I cried. I'm sorry for lying to you.

"Did you ...," he began but didn't finish, his jaw clenched.

"It was just a kiss!" I blurted out at the same time that he began shaking his head. "No, wait, I don't want to know." He rubbed at his brow with his fingertips.

I so desperately wanted to grab that hand and pull it to my chest, to have him tell me it was okay. But I dared not touch him or test him in any way, afraid of how he would react to my supposed betrayal. So I simply sat on his lap and waited.

Finally, so slowly, those strong arms found their way back to me, wrapping around my body once again, pulling me against his chest. "Please forgive me," I managed to whisper beyond the sharp lump in my throat.

My body jolted back within his grasp as he pushed me away from his chest. He leveled me with an incredulous stare. "Forgive you? For what? There's nothing to forgive! After what I did to you, I have no right to be angry." Leaning back against the bench, he lifted his arms to cradle the back of his head. I watched quietly as he stared up at the sky, his Adam's apple jutting out provocatively. With hesitation, I reached up and traced it softly with the tips of my fingers.

"You're everything to me, Caden. Please believe me."

After a long pause, his arms unfolded from the back of his head and his fingers entwined with mine. He tipped his head back down to stare at me with a burning intensity. "I do believe you," he whispered, pulling my fingertips to his lips, setting fire to them despite the cold.

"I don't know what I'll do if I turn into one of those things. If I can't do this," I whispered, choked with emotion.

Caden's jaw set firmly. "It's not happening. It won't happen."

"Yeah, but ..."

"It won't happen! Stop thinking about it!" he yelled, his voice carrying through the empty, cold night as he pulled my head close to his chest. Though there was no warmth coming from his body, it still ignited heat within me. Then, abruptly, Caden was sitting up straight, his attention riveted toward the chateau, a guarded expression on his face. Two seconds later, the baying of wolves confirmed it.

"They're here."

And just like that, our time in the sleeping garden under the winter stars was over. In the next moment, my frozen body was enveloped in the warmth of the chateau again.

"You need to go change into something warmer now, Evie. You're going to end up with pneumonia," Caden scolded, herding me toward the foyer.

"Come with me," I whispered, grasping his hand before he could break free.

A smile touched his lips, sparking joy in me. Maybe it wouldn't matter that Caden thought Julian and I had something after all. "They need me down here ... Max? You around?" In seconds, the tip-tapping of those claws announced my werebeast's presence. Caden gave my icy hand a squeeze and then let it drop. "Max will go with you and then show you the way down to the meeting place, okay?"

"I'm going to meet Lilly?" I asked, surprised.

Caden nodded and I could tell he wasn't happy with the idea. "Sofie wants you there for some reason. She thinks it's important."

"Okay," I agreed, wanting nothing more than to curl up under my duvet with Caden and erase the worry, doubt, and pain that I had just falsely planted inside him. That would need to come later, though. He turned to walk away. "Caden! Stop!" I rushed forward and threw my arms around him, squeezing him like I might never be able to again, which was entirely possible. His hands slid down to caress the small of my back. "Don't tell Amelie. Please," I whispered in his ear. The fewer people involved in my lies, the better. Especially Amelie. Or, more specifically, crazy Amelie. I winced, almost able to feel the ground as she bashed my head against it. Caden pulled away, pausing to look down at me, a sting in his gaze that ripped out my heart.

"We're all better off with her not knowing," he finally agreed with a stern nod. Then he disappeared.

At some point during the day, a wardrobe of everything from sweaters and jeans to socks and underwear made its way to my room. I didn't spend any time thinking about it, grabbing the first warm set of something that didn't contrast too greatly. Yanking a rose V-neck over my head, I hurried Max out the door and tore down the flight of stairs, hoping to join the others in the meeting place before Lilly made it there. The last thing I wanted to do was make a grand entrance. That'd be like walking into a new classroom after a lecture had begun. Except that the entire classroom was full of vampires and instead of a stern look from the teacher, I could end up with missing limbs ...

Max led me through a new wing of the chateau that I had not been in before. Turning a corner, I skidded to a halt to avoid slamming into a small horde of scruffy mountain men. These had to be the wolves! Yeti One and Yeti Two stood guarding a set of solid black doors. What did Sofie say their names were? Kiril and ...? Seeing them tickled me with bittersweet familiarity. I knew nothing about them, had never uttered a single word to them, but being near them reminded me of Leo. They offered stiff nods to Max and me but said nothing. I had yet to hear them speak English. I wondered if they could. With a firm push, Yeti One propped a door open for me.

Stick close to me and keep quiet, Max warned.

Swallowing a gulp of air, I scooted by the yetis, ushering Max ahead of me into the room with my hands against his rump. I couldn't help but be momentarily awestruck by the chosen location of this gathering. With the full height of the chateau looming over me, the massive unfurnished room must have played host to a royal ball or two in its day. Gothic stained-glass windows lined two walls behind a row of archways. An imposing, ornate fireplace filled the end. Not one but four enormous bronze candelabras illuminated the intricate marble floor. I caught the scent of fresh paint, which told me that the room had recently undergone work and yet, as I surveyed its vaulted ceilings, curving in an archway of sculpted plaster, I had to believe the room's historical characteristics were original.

I quickly lost interest in the architecture, though. In the center of the room sat a ring of twelve chairs, none of them occupied. Six foreign faces loomed around the ring-all smooth as stone, all unreadable, all locked on me. My body had yet to warm from my senseless jaunt outside but my blood turned to ice, shivers skittering through my core. Way worse than being late for class...

A breeze, a brush of something against my back ... Half turning, I felt Caden's body pressing up behind mine, his mouth hovering over my right ear. My skin began to tingle. He thinks I betrayed him, my touch will soon be lethal, and yet he's willing to protect me. With a trembling hand, I reached back to clutch his fingers. Taking a deep breath, I turned back to regard the group, now feeling marginally safer.

The six new faces stood as a poker-faced wall to oppose "the enemy": Mage, Viggo, Sofie, and Mortimer. Amelie stood off in a corner with Julian tucked in behind her. Why he was here, risking his own safety, was beyond me. Why I was here was also questionable. No doubt Sofie had her reasons, though.

All except one of the vampires looked to be in their twenties to early thirties, based on physical appearance. And as usual, all were striking beyond measure. Four males stood side by side like soldiers, frozen and grim-faced, dressed in perfectly tailored dark clothing. Next to them, a brunette woman in a full-length red leather jacket and thigh-high stiletto boots faced off against Sofie, a pinched glare on her face. The little hairs on my neck lifted. That has to be Lilly. Such a pretty name for such a hideous thing.

As alarmingly scary as Lilly was, it was the female vampiress standing next to her who garnered my attention. It wasn't because of the shiny black bob framing her tiny porcelain doll face; it wasn't because of the way she eyed me, genuine curiosity sparkling in her pale blue irises, or that she was smiling. It was because she was a child! No more than twelve or thirteen in appearance, though she held none of the gangly or awkward traits of a prepubescent. Above all the fear and guilt that I stepped into this room carrying, my heart ached for this poor girl. What monster would transform a child?

Despite the tension in the room-thick enough to choke a person-I returned the little girl's smile, finding solace in it. In a room full of vipers, this little creature appeared so refreshing, so innocent, so unpretentious ...

Lilly spoke, her acrid voice ruining the moment. "She's human," she stated without so much as a glimpse in my direction, red lips twisting derisively.

"Only a little different, I sense ...," the child murmured with the most lovely British accent, her head cocking to the side. She had to be sensing the Tribal magic within me.

The sound of hands clapping bounced around the cavernous room. "Bravo, Kait," Viggo said, his cold gaze settling on Lilly, needling her with a smirk. "I can see why Lilly has added you to her harem."

I frowned. Wait a minute ... If Lilly is Kait, then who is ...

"Evangeline, meet Lilly," Sofie introduced calmly, gesturing toward the child.

That's Lilly? I gawked openly, shocked. This was the wicked, dangerous vampire who had everyone in a frenzy? Those pale blue eyes shifted to me again. "Hello," I stumbled. With a struggle, I managed another smile.

She didn't return it this time. "You tell me you are desperate for our help and that you have venom again, and yet you flaunt two humans, both fond of their vampire companions." Lilly's pointed at Caden and me to prove her claim. "Why on earth would I believe you? Please explain." Listening to her speak, to her language, a prickle of discomfort crawled down my spine, the temporary sense of her innocence dissolving faster than sugar in boiling water.

Mage was the one who answered. "Try to sense her emotions, her mood and see if-"

"I already have," Lilly cut her off in her childlike British lilt, pausing. "I can't. She's a blur."

"Yes. That's the effect of an anti-vampire magic coursing through her body due to ... an unfortunate event," Sofie explained. "We cannot convert her yet."

"An unfortunate event? Another one of your mistakes?" Lilly's tone had turned hostile. They glared at each other, exchanging a silent understanding. "Why is she here then? Why are either of the humans here?"

Good question, Lilly.

"I brought her here tonight because, well ..." Sofie's voice buckled slightly as if the next words pained her, "she means a great deal to me. Everything to me, in fact." For just a second, her features softened. It only lasted an instant and then she was back to hard-ass Sofie, leveling Lilly with her confident gaze. "I could have hidden her from you. I didn't. I want you to see that I am trusting you implicitly with all knowledge. That is how critical this situation is." That's why I was here? A sign of good faith?

Lilly seemed to consider that for a moment before she spoke again. "And what about your end of the deal for bringing us here? Are you going to uphold that?" This time, her question was directed at Viggo.

The corners of his mouth curved into a maddening grin. "Time will tell, I suppose." Lilly's eyes shifted to the four male vampires standing on the other side of Kait. Then, a smear of movement, a shout, a jostle. In the next instant, the sound of shattering glass filled the room as Caden crashed through a stained-glass window. Max's massive body soared dangerously close to the fireplace, and a strong hand squeezed my jaw, twisting my head back to expose my neck. My knees buckled but my captor held me firm.

In another flash, Mage was across the room, restraining Caden who was covered in glass, speckles of quickly healing cuts on his face and neck. Mortimer had his broad arms wrapped around a snarling Max, yelling at him to keep back. Amelie had shoved Julian back behind one of the columns and stood in front of him in a fighting stance. Behind us, the doors crashed open and two giant wolves in full form appeared, growling, waiting for the order from Sofie to attack. In under five seconds, complete chaos had taken over the situation.

Only Sofie, Viggo, Kait, and Lilly remained motionless and composed.

"So what happens if Galen bites her?" Lilly asked calmly. I assumed Galen was the one holding me.

"Ask the last vampire who did," Viggo responded.

"And where is-" Lilly began.

"Dead," came his quick, flippant response. "Her teeth marks are still there on her neck if you don't believe me."

Sofie threw a fiery glare at him, a warning to shut up and stop goading her. His taunts were clearly working, based on Lilly's glower as she regarded her nemesis. God-what have you done to her, you psycho? She paused for a moment and then she rephrased her question, her eyebrow arching. "What happens if Galen breaks her neck?"

"As we've already explained," Sofie began, and I heard the ice trickle into her voice, "we cannot convert her because of the poison in her body. If Galen bites her, he will die." The next sentence she delivered not as a warning or a possibility. It was with the certainty that the sun would rise and set. "If he breaks her neck, you will all die, right here, right now." By the gleam in her eyes, by her stance, by the fury radiating off her like a fire's heat, there was no doubt to anyone that Sofie was ready to unleash a magical assault that would rival Hiroshima's blast. Even though it would be the worst mistake she could make, even though she would be dooming the fate of the entire world by retaliating, I could bet my life that she would torch this entire building if they killed me.

In that second, despite my perilous position, I silently thanked myself for keeping Veronique's predicament a secret.

Sofie's warning had the desired effect. With the smallest head tilt from Lilly, the viselike grip on my face loosened and the four vampires reformed their solid line. I stumbled back a step, struggling to stay upright as my legs wobbled. I needed Caden, his arms, his chest, his strength. Right now.

His furious eyes were glued on Galen, his nostrils flaring, pure hatred marring his beautiful face. I knew he was picturing how he would rip the vampire apart. I pleaded to Mage with my eyes. Don't let him! Mage leaned in and whispered something in Caden's ear and, as if her words slapped him out of whatever murderous rampage he was about to undertake, his head snapped back to me. Her hands slipped off his body and he moved behind me again, his arms wrapped tightly around me in a protective embrace. No one was separating us again, he was saying. I let my body fall into him.

"Now that we've cleared all that up." Mage reassumed her position beside Sofie.

"Fine," Kait spat, crossing her arms over her ample chest. "We have humans without poison coursing through their bodies. Let's bring them here and test your venom on them."

Viggo burst out laughing. "Well, then, what incentive would you have for helping us?" He made a tsking sound. "That's not how these negotiations work. First you help us. Then we help you."

"When have you ever helped anyone but yourself, Viggo?" she growled.

He answered with that infuriating grin of his.

"What exactly are you asking for help with?" Lilly interrupted their banter, annoyance obvious in her voice. She stepped forward and took a seat in the chair in front of her. It was a sign of good will, of trust that they wouldn't try to strike her down. The others followed suit. Following and protecting their leader.

"We need to stop the end of the world as we know it," Sofie answered without a moment of preamble. I surveyed their faces intently. To me, that should have garnered some sort of reaction. An eyebrow raise, a mouth twitch, something.

Nothing.

"Are you referring to the mess you've gotten yourself into with the witches and the Sentinel?" Kait's smirk was galling.

"No, Kait," Sofie replied softly. "I'm referring to the longstanding war that has now taken a turn for the worse. I'm talking about the firsthand experience of a war between vampire and Sentinel that has destroyed one world already and now threatens to destroy this one. Will destroy this one. You want venom to turn your human mate, Kait? What about saving all humans so you can continue wearing your gaudy outfits and living your life of luxury?"

Kait opened her mouth but faltered. No one else said anything. Sofie had their attention. She continued. "The end of humans-and possibly the end of us-is imminent, unless we do something about it. This war with the Sentinel and the sorceresses is guaranteed to spiral out of control. It is already headed in that direction."

You could hear a pin drop for the silence in the room. Finally, Lilly cleared her voice. "For the last hundred or so years, you three have burrowed in New York, ignoring what was going on right under your noses, and now all of a sudden, we must save the world? Why? Because your palace was attacked?"

"And what has been going on, Lilly?" Mortimer asked, stepping forward to take the seat across from her. Another act of good will. Of collaboration rather than confrontation.

Galen drew a folded newspaper from the inside of his jacket and tossed it to the ground. I couldn't read it from where I stood, but I didn't need to.

"Jonah ..." Mage muttered, her lip curled in disdain. Jonah was the mutant vampire who broke free of Viggo's place against Mage's orders.

Sofie sighed. "Yes, that's a problem," she admitted, adding, "but only a recent one."

"And how long before the same headlines make it to reputable newspapers?" Galen spat back. "You caused this. We know he came from under your roof. How he got there in the first place, one must wonder." He had a thick Italian accent. I didn't like it.

"Yes, we did. I did. I will own that blame and I will take care of it," Mage answered, her arms crossed over her chest. "It doesn't change our need to work together to solve this impending doom."

"Now you want to do something about it? Finally? While you've been decorating your palace, pretending that our enemies don't exist, they've been getting stronger, more integrated into everything," Lilly said.

"Integrated where, exactly?" Sofie asked.

Lilly looked down at her lap to study her childlike hands-hands that should've been adjusting doll clothes but were more likely used to choke the life out of grown men. "Oh, how about the military, the governments, police force, religious organizations ... everywhere."

Viggo rolled his eyes. "And how do you know this?"

"Because we haven't been hiding in our hole like gophers," Kait threw back at him. "We've been watching. Studying. Learning. Fighting."

"And what have you learned?" Mortimer probed, ignoring her insult, though I could tell by his glower that he'd prefer to tear her head off.

A chorus of vicious laughter. "That's not how these negotiations work," Lilly purred, parroting Viggo's earlier jibe. "We have something you want and you say you have something we want." Her lip curled. "For all we know, this is one of your ploys to eliminate us."

"Wake up, Lilly! Why would we want to do that now? With this force growing against us? There aren't enough of us to fight as it is!" Mortimer answered, his voice rising to its typical booming level.

"Oh, I don't know. I'm sure you'd find a reason. You've found reasons for the craziest ideas before." Again, those furtive eyes going to Viggo.

"Now, now," Viggo answered. "Be more cooperative, my dear Lilly. Your mother wouldn't be proud of this attitude of yours."

"You leave my mother out of this!" The suddenness of her shriek made me jump, her shrill voice piercing my eardrum. She was on her feet instantly, her cool, calm composure gone, her bottom lip quivering, appearing ready to burst into tears. She shook visibly, whether from anger or fear, I did not know. Maybe both.

"We are not lying, and we do need your help," Mage said soothingly.

Kait snorted. "Why don't you just create an army, then?"

"Now why didn't we think of that?" Viggo retorted, his hands lifting to the sky dramatically, sarcasm thick in his tone.

"Four vampires in this world can transform a human and none of us will do it for the purposes of war," Mage explained calmly, ignoring Viggo. She paused to look at the newspaper on the floor. "Well, five technically, though Jonah will be too busy murdering people to convert them."

"Four?" Lilly asked, her voice calm again as she sat back down, her eyes dancing over the group. "I see three here."

"Yes, one of us is ... indisposed at the moment," Mage answered, a sad smile on her face. "And he's good for nothing more than getting himself killed right now. Creating vampires to fight against humans is exactly how the war in my world began. We'll do anything we can to avoid a repeat."

The six of them shared a puzzled what is she talking about? look with each other before turning back to Mage. "Your world?" Lilly murmured, again with an impish grin. It was fascinating, watching her switch from authoritative and cool to inquisitive child.

Mage nodded. "Sofie can give you all the details. Sofie?"

Sofie explained in the shortest way possible-her spell to counter the venom issue, my curse, and bringing the Ratheus vampires back, only to find out it's a parallel world.

"Bloody witches and their magic," Kait hissed. "I wish you'd all just die! We wouldn't be dealing with any of this!"

"Well, if we don't get a handle on this soon, your wish will come true. No witch will survive when the vampires are desperate for blood," Sofie answered coldly.

There was another long pause and then Lilly folded her arms across her flat chest. "And how do you propose we help you?"

Sofie heaved a heavy sigh, as if she already suspected what their answer would be and it wouldn't be favorable. "Give me your allegiance."

I choked back at gasp. Sofie was asking Viggo's arch nemesis to bind herself to her for eternity? Suddenly, I wanted to hug Mortimer for divulging information to me, so I could follow along with the conversation, as crazy as it was.

There was a long pause and then all six of them burst out in laughter, wide-eyed looks of amused shock. "First you tell us about this other world and now you ask us bind ourselves to you. This just seems too ..." Lilly said between chuckles. She stood and the others followed suit.

"It must be done. I need to know that I can trust you. That's the only way," Sofie answered, a touch of pleading in her tone. "All of you pledge your allegiance to me and we will keep our end of this." She turned to give Viggo a nod.

He vanished. Three seconds later, he appeared in the exact spot holding a bronze container.

"Viggo ..." Sofie's eyebrows arched in that knowing way. With a heave of exasperation, he leaned down and placed it on the ground in front of him, a pained look on his face as if reluctant to part with it.

Whatever it was, I could tell it was important to Lilly by the way she shifted on her feet and took a step forward. Kait put a hand on her forearm to hold her back. I watched as Lilly swallowed several times, the muscles in her neck cording.

"Pledge allegiance, and it's yours," Sofie said softly.

Lilly's pained eyes flickered back and forth between the bronze thing and Sofie, a silent debate battling inside her mind. I wondered which side would win. Finally, her face turned hard. "I don't believe you. You're lying about this war," she stated, as if passing a court ruling. "We'll be leaving now, with the urn. You promised it to me for coming here and listening."

My heart jumped. No, Lilly, she's not lying. If only you could see ... "She's telling the truth. I was there," I blurted.

Six heads whipped in my direction; six unsympathetic gazes settled on me. I shrunk back into Caden, longing to dissolve into the marble floor.

Sofie didn't seem fazed by Lilly's reaction. "I was afraid you'd say that." She turned to Mage.

"Would you all please pay close attention to Sofie?" Mage instructed in a smooth croon, soft enough to lull a baby to sleep. As one, their heads turned obediently. She was compelling them! "Go on. Show them. Show them my world," she said.

With a steely glare of determination, Sofie closed the distance to Mage and clasped hands with her. Then they stood, side by side, hand in hand, not moving, not speaking. I knew, though, with certainty, that a lot was happening, and it involved Sofie's magic.

Six catatonic faces gazed at Sofie. I leaned back against Caden, gripping his forearm tightly, desperate to see what Sofie was showing them. I studied Lilly's pale blue eyes with fascination as they drifted through seven hundred years of war, death, escape, and the evolving hell that Mage had come to know-the hell that Earth would become.

Suddenly, tiny red lines spidered across those blue irises, destroying their delicate beauty, taking away all impressions of the child before me. They were now the eyes of a hungry vampire. The same hideous transformation was happening in each of them. I turned my face to the side to bury it against Caden's chest, unwilling to watch what had haunted so many of my nights.

Sofie's musical voice broke the silence. "So now you have seen firsthand what will happen. Do not doubt that it will happen here as well." Six heads jerked as if slapped out of their trances, all of them looking between Sofie and Mage, their heads shaking back and forth absently.

And then, like a switch going off inside Lilly, I saw her eyes narrow at Mage, her hands flexed at her thighs. It didn't take long to learn why. "She's the original!" she shrieked, throwing an accusatory finger at Mage, unmasking the ancient vampiress for what she could do. But how did Lilly know what the original vampire could do when even Sofie hadn't known?

The announcement knocked the others out of their bewildered state. Feral hisses exploded in the room, transforming the place into a pit of snakes. Caden's arms constricted around my body until I struggled to breathe. I was sure this was it. I was sure the war would begin here. My heart stopped, waiting for the initial explosion, wondering who would survive, who else I would lose. A scream sat on the tip of my tongue, a plea of mercy. For the briefest of seconds, an eerie silence hung over the room.

Lilly's head whipped around and her gaze held mine ... It was only a second but those eyes ... they were intentionally on me. And then ... they vanished. All six of them. The last thing I saw was the trailing red leather of Kait's long jacket as she passed through the already shattered window. So quick, so sudden an exit that my mind barely registered the sting as something sliced into my flesh. Not until a wet feeling trickled along my skin and I glanced down to see red fluid flowing freely down my arm, crawling over Caden's hand, dripping onto the cream marble tile floor did the throb begin.

Someone had attacked me, and I was sure it was someone with a cute short bob and sweet sky blue irises.

"Oh God," Amelie moaned from her corner in the room, scrambling back against the wall. Caden whipped my body around to face me. He grabbed hold to stare at the gaping gash running half the length of my forearm. Dropping my arm, he held out his hand. It was coated completely in my blood.

So much blood.

I sucked in a gasp as I saw those tiny red lines began to form, to grow, to pulsate. To show his overpowering hunger for me. For my blood. Blood that would kill him with just one taste.

"Caden! Back up right now!" Sofie screamed, her voice sounding distant and muffled as my own blood pounded inside my head, terror locking every muscle in my body. Caden's jaw tightened. Slowly, he slid backward away from me. One step, another, another, away from me and my toxic blood. Then he bolted out the broken window.

"Caden!" Sofie yelled, panicked. "Mortimer, Viggo, please stop him before he attacks them."

Mortimer and Viggo obliged for once without a single word. As they passed me, I caught Viggo's quick scan of my arm. His nostrils flared, the faintest lines of red forming in his eyes. Even Viggo was struggling.

The next few moments felt like an out-of-body experience. I hardly registered cool hands gripped around my waist. Mage, standing beside me and holding me steady in case I toppled over. I heard the sound of ripping fabric as Sofie ripped a strip off the bottom of her black turtleneck. My thoughts were consumed by one thing and one thing only: what would one drop of my blood do to Caden?

"Hold her arm up," Sofie instructed Mage, and my arm was instantly yanked up into the air. Sofie wrapped the strip around my bicep and tied it off, mumbling absently, "We have to stop the bleeding ... get rid of this blood ... Kiril!" she shouted. The door burst open and Yeti One appeared. "Towels. Now," she ordered. He disappeared without a word.

A soft whimper sounded from somewhere in the room. Sofie's head whipped around. "Max! Get Amelie out of here. Now!" she barked. Max didn't need to do much. Amelie was already scurrying past with her head down, Julian following closely, his eyebrow drawn with worry as he looked at me.

I'll be fine, I mouthed with uncertainty. Unless Lilly kills Caden ... The thought buckled my knees. Mage's firm grip held me upright.

Kiril appeared beside us with a handful of towels. Sofie wasted no time snatching them out of his hands. With adept fingers, she wound my arm tightly, careful to minimize my blood on her person. "How are you holding up?" she asked Mage through pursed lips.

"Just get it covered," Mage said, her nose wrinkled as if she were fighting a repulsive odor. She was, to a degree. My blood, so teasing, so provoking ... so noxious.

"Evangeline?" I heard my name called out, but I hardly recognized its owner. Someone was finally acknowledging me. "Are you dizzy? In pain?" the voice asked, like an underwater murmur.

"No ..." I answered numbly, thinking that was the right answer as I stared at the pool of blood now formed on the floor beneath me. My toxic, leprous blood. My blood is poison. I am poison. I will kill Caden.

Just like Sofie killed Nathan. Then I'd be like her, laying flowers on a tombstone. The pattern in the marble floor began to swirl and dance beneath me. I lifted my eyes to the gaping hole where Caden had run out. He was gone now. Would he come back? He would be smart not to. It was only a matter of time before I killed him ...

"Evangeline!" Sofie called out sharply.

My head snapped up. "What?" I barked, the edge in my voice unintentionally harsh.

She tempered her tone. "How do you feel?"

"Like my arm was just sliced open," I mumbled, all the while an inner voice inside me screamed at the top of her lungs-uncontrollable, incoherent screeching. I gave my head a shake, trying to silence the rising panic. "What happened?"

"Lilly cut you with a piece of glass," Sofie explained, "and your blood is exceptionally potent now." She wrapped another towel around my arm. "Damn it! I wish I could heal this!"

"Exceptionally potent?" I echoed her slowly.

"Yes, it's more enticing than it used to be. There's something about it ... I can't peg what it is ... it's harder to resist." She finished tying the rag, her jaw taut. "There. That should stop the bleeding for now." I winced. The rag was tight.

"This is another part of this change I'm undergoing, isn't it?" I couldn't keep the reproachful tone out of my voice.

She blinked several times. Minty irises lifted to touch my face-unconcealed, raw emotion in them-and back down to my arm again so fast I almost missed it. With a heavy exhale, she whispered, "Yes. I believe it might be."

Another sign of what was to come. I stifled a sob. "Fantastic. So the Fates have wrapped my diseased body up into a nice big bloody bow for you all!" I was yelling now but I couldn't help it. It was that or break down and cry.

"You're not diseased," Sofie's voice was now tranquil again but her words flat, dead.

"That's easy for you to say. It's not you! It's never been you going through this!"

She flinched as my callous words slapped her across the cheek. But I didn't let up. I took it one step further. Reaching forward, I grabbed onto her forearm with my good hand and dug my nails into her flesh. Each word came out slow, precise, and sharp as a razor blade. "You need to fix this. Now!"

Her jaw clenched as she looked at me again, her face an ocean of worry and regret and defeat thinly veiled by her natural strength. She said nothing, though. What could she say? She'd try. That's what she'd do. And when she did, well ... there was a definite pattern here. Ask the Fates for help and they helped, with a side of "new curse" to screw you over in some other way. So she'd solve this-before or after my eyes turned yellow and I killed my friends with a graze of my finger, was up for debate. What next, though?

"What're we going to do?" I asked softly, my voice, my words, my everything suddenly deflated.

She grasped my good hand in both of hers. "I will fix this," she promised, her voice shaky. "Please, stay strong." Her eyes squeezed shut and when they opened, any sign of the vulnerable Sofie was gone. "And you will go get this taken care of. Now. Ivan!" She called through gritted teeth.

Yeti Two appeared immediately. "Please stitch her up. The bathroom at the end of the hall is fully equipped," she instructed as she tossed the remaining towels over the small pool of my blood on the marble. "And send in the staff to clean this up. Quickly."

With a curt soldierly nod, Ivan marched over and seized my good arm without a word. I turned back to Sofie.

"Go!" Sofie ushered with a waving hand. "You're safe with him. They don't crave blood. Keep pressure on your wound."

"Okay." I turned to follow Ivan out the door. The crunch of broken glass under boots stopped me. My head snapped to the gaping window to see Mortimer and Viggo passing through. I waited. And waited, my heart hammering furiously. Come on ... please ... Please! A third figure came through. Ivan gripped my arm to support me as relief ransacked my body. Caden's eyes were immediately on me. Beautiful jade eyes. He had come back to me. I hadn't killed him. I felt a tug on my arm. My legs locked up stubbornly, no longer willing to follow Ivan. I twisted and shook my arm to no avail, desperate to break free and run to Caden's side.

"They got away," Mortimer announced, adding in "thankfully."

"Well, I should say that went well!" Viggo strode over to where the urn used to sit, his face twisted in displeasure. One of her friends must have grabbed it. Not Lilly. She was too busy mutilating me. If my blood still had any impact on Viggo, I couldn't tell. He didn't even bat an eye in my direction. He couldn't care less, I knew that. Lilly could've escaped with my head and he'd react the same. I am a fly, an inconvenient pest to him. I was okay with that ...

He continued on with his sarcastic tirade. "What's your next brilliant plan, oh, wise one? Now that she has the one piece of leverage I had over her and she knows what Mage is, why would she ever come back? We have no edge!"

"We don't want an edge, Viggo," Sofie spat back. "We need their help. We need them to trust us. That was our peace offering."

Ivan tugged on my arm again. This time I yanked it away "What happened exactly?"

Sofie sighed. "Mage compelled them to hold still, allowing me to channel her memories through to them. I showed them everything. They saw firsthand what happened on Ratheus. Lilly figured out what Mage is. She knows what an original can do." Sofie paused. "Her mother was the original vampire."

My eyes shifted to Viggo as a knot formed in my belly. There was something there ... the pieces were sliding into place. Viggo had something to do with the original's death-that much I knew. That meant he had something to do with Lilly's mother's death. He probably killed her. That would explain Lilly's hatred for him.

The mother-killer stared back at me with a smug smile, likely aware of the puzzle pieces I was putting together in my head. I hate you! I want you to die! I hope Lilly kills you after all of this! If it weren't for everyone else here, I'd throw the towels on the ground and run toward him. Let my blood kill him! I had to force my hatred down as I dismissed the thought, turning back to Sofie. "So what now? Clearly she's not happy." I held my arm up as evidence.

"Now ... you go get that stitched up before your blood turns us all mad!" Sofie yelled. She never yells at me. Cowering slightly, I glanced at Caden. He nodded to the door, his jaw clenching as his eyes grazed my arm.

Terrified I'd see those spider veins again, I willingly followed Ivan out.

6. Threats-Sofie

No sooner had Evangeline left with Ivan than Caden appeared by my side, his hands digging into my biceps.

"Fix her!" He hissed through bared teeth.

I flung his hands off my arms. "I'm trying! Don't you think I'm trying?" I was in no mood for another verbal assault. Evangeline's had shredded me to rags.

"You're not trying hard enough!" His roar reverberated off the vaulted ceiling. I noted Mage's weight shift in my peripheral. I stayed her with a wave of my finger. There was no need for her intervention. Caden's rage had already collapsed, his shoulders hunched inward, grief laying siege to his fiery spirit. "I almost killed her, Sofie ..." Beautiful greenish-blue eyes begged me, shattering my heart.

I tentatively reached up to lay one hand on his broad shoulder, the other cupping his jaw. "I'll fix this. I have to fix this." I realized I was trying to convince myself more than anyone else.

"Forget the human!" Viggo cried out, his arms spread wide. "What are you going to do about Lilly? What's your brilliant new plan?"

"She'll come to her senses. Give her a day or two," Mortimer answered for me, offering the briefest smile and head nod. Who would ever have thought that I would come to appreciate his company?

Viggo wouldn't let up, though. "She's a child nurturing a century-long grudge. She has no sense."

"A grudge?" Mage's eyebrows raised in surprise. "You murdered her mother."

"She wasn't her real mother," he retorted, but the fire in his voice was gone. He wasn't an idiot. Whether he felt the tiniest bit of remorse, he knew this was all on him. I had only learned the reason of Lilly's hatred for Viggo upon leaving the Tribe's island, after I gave him the ultimatum of pledging allegiance to me or dying. Even then, I thought I'd have to tear off his toenails to get the truth out of him.

That's when he finally admitted to killing Lilly's mother, who was also the original vampire. Apparently she betrayed him, though my instincts told me there was another, more plausible side to that story. As if that weren't enough to earn Lilly's wrath, he stole the body, burned it, and hid the ashes away where Lilly could never find them. For what? Only the Fates knew ...

"We will give Lilly a day or two to come to her senses, and then I will hunt her down if I must," Mage answered calmly.

I sighed, as glad as ever to have Mage in my corner. "And while that's happening, I'll be busy trying to fix Evangeline and Julian. And Bishop." Or I'll die, trying ...

7. Torture All Around-Evangeline

I trailed Ivan as he led me down the hall to a main floor bathroom. Without warning or asking permission, he slid his hands under my armpits and hoisted me onto the counter as if I were a child. I sat quietly, putting pressure on my wound as instructed, and watched him rifle through the cabinets below until he pulled out a sizeable rectangular white box with a red cross on the front. A first-aid kit-a strange thing to find in a palace of vampires, though perhaps not so strange with the ever-prepared Sofie.

Ivan unraveled the bindings around my arm in silence. Part of me wanted to keep the wound hidden, afraid of what I might see. The bleeding had stopped, thankfully. He tossed the soaked towels into the sink with one hand and reached for a giant syringe with the other. He gestured to my arm. Grimacing, I nodded my assent but had to turn away and grit my teeth against the sting as he pricked my arm in several places. Within minutes, my arm was completely numb.

Ivan continued rummaging through the box, pulling out various things-thread, gauze, ointments. He went to work, cleaning my wound and the skin around it with an antiseptic and cotton pads. With the blood cleaned up, it didn't look as horrific. Still, the gash had to be a good four inches long, stretching from just below my elbow joint to halfway down my forearm.

I watched with fascination as my werewolf-nursemaid threaded a needle through my skin with the grace and delicacy of a plastic surgeon. In the eighteen years before I met Sofie, I hadn't had one stitch. Since meeting her, my hand had been cut open, my neck punctured-twice-and now my forearm mangled.

"I'm going to look like Frankenstein's monster by the time this is done," I muttered to myself as I studied the long, thin pinkish scar across my palm.

Ivan looked up, his golden irises revealing nothing about whether he understood me, whether he even knew who Frankenstein was. "Scars build character. They make you human."

He speaks English! I smiled, both at his gentleness and at his attempt to console me. "Well, that's good. I thought they just made me ugly."

One corner of his mouth twitched into a crooked smile as he went back to work on my arm. Within minutes, twenty precise, neat stitches closed up the gash Lilly had so stealthily granted me.

"Thanks ... Ivan,"

He grunted, thrusting a small white pill and a glass into my hands. "For the pain."

I accepted it with a nod, tossing it back and chasing it with the water. "So all this blood doesn't bother you?"

He shook his head. "I can't smell it."

"At all? I thought werewolves would have a keen sense of smell."

"We do. We can't smell your blood. We can't smell you. It's like you aren't here anymore."

My heart skipped a beat as I processed his words. "What do you mean, anymore?"

Ivan shrugged noncommittally as he packed up the medical supplies. "In Siberia, you were normal. Now you're not."

This must be another symptom. "You mean, like, the Tribe? Do they also not exist?"

Another shrug. "I have not met this Tribe so I cannot tell you." His hands moved rapidly and I realized he was rushing to get away from this conversation. I wanted to know more.

"What else...?," I asked, but my voice drifted as Ivan shoved his hand into his jacket pocket and pulled out a plain white envelope, thick and stiff with its contents. He thrust it forward.

With a curious frown, I gingerly took it. Inside was a stack of four-by-six photographs-the ones of my time on Ratheus. The ones that brought me a balance of both sanity and insanity while in the mountains. The last I remembered, they were in my nightstand ...

"Thank you," I whispered, swallowing the lump in my throat, as I flipped through them, wistful longing pulling at my heart. I landed on a picture of Fiona and Bishop, sitting on a bench, Fiona's beautiful violet eyes playfully taunting the camera. Full of life and love, and friendship. I traced her face with my finger, memorized Bishop's smile beside her. I'll never see either of those smiles again.

"Ivan?" I asked as he hastily bagged the bloody rags and gauze in a garbage bag. "What happened to all the others? In the mountains? When Ursula attacked and Leo sent us away, there was still staff there. Magda ... Maria ..."

"They are in Russia. Safe."

A disturbing thought entered my head. "You know they're all ... who they're supposed to be?"

His brow furrowed as if not understanding.

"I mean ... you heard about Ursula, right? You know about that witch who possessed Valentina? Did she die? Permanently?"

Ivan's grim face cracked a smile as he chuckled. "Yes. She is not coming back. We've made sure of it."

I hesitated, wondering what made sure of it meant but decided I didn't need to know. "And Leo?" I asked, my eyes suddenly stinging with tears. "Were you able to bury him?"

He shook his head.

Sadness cloaked me. "But... you didn't just leave him there, did you?"

Again, a shake of his head. "Follow me."

I trailed him down the hall, an inkling of worry growing to full-on dread by the time Ivan stopped in front of a solid wood door. Was I going to find Leo's corpse on the other side?

Pushing open the door to allow me to pass, I stepped into a lady's parlor, decorated with tasteful floral wallpaper, crown molding, and matching pastel chairs. A cream-colored wall-to-wall bookcase filled one wall. I half expected to see a circle of prim ladies with big hats and china teacups, crocheting handkerchiefs.

Ivan raised a rough hand to a simple silver-plated urn sitting on a shelf. "Sofie will bury him with his family."

His family. Maeve. A slow smile touched my lips as tears rained down my cheeks, a strange feeling of closure cleansing the pain of my sudden and tragic parting with Leo. Thankfully, Ivan took that as his sign to exit. He quietly slinked out, leaving me to cry alone.

It didn't last long, though. "I'm going to take him to Ireland, when this is all over," Sofie said, suddenly behind me, her arm draped over my shoulder. "That's what he wanted." With her free hand, she lifted my injured arm to inspect the stitching. "Those wolves of mine are obedient, aren't they?"

"They can't sense me. It's like I don't exist. Ivan told me."

"Did he now ..." By her clenched teeth and her calm, even tone, I could tell Sofie wasn't surprised by this news but wasn't impressed that I knew.

"You knew?" I cried out, my words thick with accusation.

She heaved a sigh of exasperation but then nodded. "I didn't want you to worry more about this Tribe magic than you already are, so I asked them not to say anything. I guess maybe they're not so obedient after all. Does your arm hurt?"

She was trying to distract me. I shrugged. The freezing was still working, but I sensed the first signs of discomfort waiting in the shadows. There was no point telling Sofie that unless I wanted to heighten her anxiety, which I didn't. Besides, whatever that little white painkiller was, it had to kick in soon. I scanned the empty room. "Where are the others?"

"Amelie is taking a walk with Julian. Max is out hunting with his brothers." Sofie bit her bottom lip in worried thought. "And Caden is with Bishop."

Bishop. "When are you going to release him from the Merth?"

Sofie hesitated. "I don't know yet, Evangeline. I can't say what Lilly and the others are going to do, when they're going to come back. I need to be ready."

"So ... what? We're going to leave him bound like that forever? Sofie! We can't do that! You have to do something! You've got to find a way to ... bring this guy back," I pushed, waving the picture of a smiling Bishop in front of her face. "Come on! You're Sofie! You've got the Fates' ears. You can solve anything!"

"Thanks for the pep talk," Sofie said with a wry smile. But then she sighed and with it, raw pain shone through. "I'm working on it, darling." She placed her hand over mine. "I did have an idea but ... we'll see if I can pull it off. I've got that to worry about, you to worry about ..." For the first time, I noticed the dark circles under her eyes. She looked exhausted.

"You don't have to worry about me, Sofie. I'm safe here." Except that the love of my life came close to losing control again; I'm linked with your sister who's out of her tomb and being tortured; I have a toxic magic flowing through me that is turning me into a nocturnal yellow-eyed demon; Julian is a secret Sentinel, and for some reason, a child vampire enjoys maiming me ... safe as a baby in a cradle.

Sofie let out a loud guffaw. "Safe? Are you nuts? In a blink of an eye, before any of us could stop her, Lilly cut you open! With Caden holding you, and all of us around, she got to you. And worse! I can't heal you, Evangeline. I can't do anything! I'm useless where you are concerned, and it's driving me crazy!" Her fingers rifled through her mane of red hair, leaving it in disarray. "Safe, mon dieu!" she muttered to herself, rolling her eyes.

I studied my newest stitch work, Ivan's words jumping out at me. "At least I'll have character," I repeated, earning the flattest look I've ever seen on Sofie's face. I gave her a sheepish grin. "So, what are you going to do about Lilly?"

She shrugged. "Nothing. Now, we wait. Let them stew on what we've shown them. Lilly's a lot of things, but stupid is not one of them. If nothing else, she'll be curious enough to come back. She'll come to her senses and it sounds like, when she does, she'll have plenty to tell us."

"She's not going to pledge her allegiance to you, Sofie. You realize that, don't you?"

"It's the only way I can trust her. Lilly's dangerous, Evangeline. Extremely dangerous. More so than Viggo in some ways. She's trapped in a child's body and mind-she's reckless and stubborn; she lacks long-term vision. But she has the power and speed of an ancient vampire. From what I understand, she's about twelve or thirteen hundred years old. Her size is her advantage. She's so small, she's hard to catch. And she's sharp as a tack in ways that surprise even me. She sees things as a child that many of us don't detect as adults."

I stifled a yawn, exhaustion suddenly weighing me down. Must be all the blood loss ... "What do you think she'll do?"

"That's not for you to worry about, Eve." Sofie voice grew distant and my legs began to wobble. A hand gripped my good forearm as I stumbled and she led me toward the door. "You need your rest now. It's been a busy day."

"I'm not," I fought to get out but an enormous yawn cut in. This couldn't be blood loss. Why was I suddenly so tired? The white pill! "Sofie, Ivan gave me a sleeping pill ..." My words were becoming garbled, blending into each other. Things began to sway and shift and blur.

"So they do listen to me sometimes ..." she said, and I could hear the smile in her words. Great, Sofie can't use magic so she's drugging me now ... "Can you take Evangeline up to her room? I don't think she's going to make it on her own," Sofie said to someone. I have no idea who. And then my body felt like it was folding into itself as utter relaxation took over.

I cracked open my eyes and instantly raced to squeeze them shut, to secure them against the blinding light shining over me. Still, the light burned, penetrating the thin shroud of my eyelid, threatening to roast my corneas. I rolled my head to the side to fight against it and crippling pain shot along the back of my neck, triggering a domino effect of agony. From head to toe, every inch of my body throbbed, every nerve felt like it had been tested. What the hell had happened? The last I remembered, I was with Sofie in that room, talking about Lilly ... Then I realized she drugged me ... and I must've fallen asleep.

That's when it hit me. I wasn't there anymore. I was with Veronique.

A loud clunk sounded and the burning light disappeared. Relief. With great effort, I rolled my head back and lifted an eyelid to see the culprit-a giant fluorescent bulb hovering a foot above my head. My fingers slid along the surface beneath me. Based on the cool, smooth feel, I was on a metal surface. Perhaps a table of sorts.

"Veronique?" I whispered and then coughed, the word scraping against my dehydrated throat. I had never been so thirsty in my entire life.

"Yes?" she croaked. A gasp followed. A gasp for water.

I struggled to swallow a few times but couldn't even form the saliva needed for that. "What happened to you?" I finally managed to force out.

Of its own accord, or Veronique's accord, my arm lifted to meet my line of vision. It held there, trembling, long enough for me to see the gauzy sleeve-no doubt once a pristine white but now tattered and stained with dry blood-slide away to reveal blue and yellow mottled skin peppered with burn marks. There was more damaged skin than not.

"Oh my God!" I cried out, triggering an excruciating coughing fit. They were going to torture her to death. I had to get her out. How did I get her out?

My head flopped to one side to take in large concrete blocks and no windows. Underground, but was she still in Viggo's place?

A door creaked open and I felt Veronique's body spasm with terror. Forcing my head back over to the other side, I watched as two women and a man strode in. I recognized the black-and-silver-haired woman from the first time-the one with the whip. She reminded me of Cruella de Vil. The other woman, with long mousy brown hair and a sour expression, was new. The man, also new. I immediately saw the tattoo on his thumb. The Sentinel's mark.

"Are you ready to tell us what we want to know, Veronique?" Cruella asked, a vicious grin curling her lips.

I felt Veronique press her lips together. Stubborn girl. Brave. Stupid, given the circumstances but still ... brave.

With an annoyed shake of her head, Cruella said, "Very well. Stan?"

The man sauntered forward until he stood at the end of the table, towering over me. I heard a small click and a whooshing sound that brought back memories of a gas stove element. With a raised eyebrow and too much enjoyment dancing on his face, he revealed the bright red cylinder in his hand. A lit blowtorch ...

I broke out in a cold sweat, already feeling the lick of that single tiny flame against my skin though it hadn't neared me yet. "What do you want to know?" I blurted out, desperate to buy Veronique some time before the next round of barbarity began.

"No! Don't tell her anything!" Veronique cried out in defense.

The two witches' eyes narrowed with suspicion. Uh oh ... Cruella bent forward to study me, her face so close I could count the stitch holes of a tiny silver scar above her left eyebrow, so close the smell of stale coffee on her breath curled my nostrils.

"Do you think she's finally cracked?" the other one asked. "Split personality?"

Cruella paused, sucking on her top lip. She shook her head slowly. "No ... it's more than that." Her brow arched curiously, her head cocking to the side. "Sofie? Are you in there?"

Before I could control my eyes, I felt them bulge out of their sockets in surprise. Damn it! She's on to me. What was I supposed to do now? Maybe I could somehow negotiate with this loon ... Her mouth curved into an inhuman smirk. "Yes, I thought so. How long have you been here?" I didn't answer. A jagged fingernail dragged along the length of my cheek, stopping at the edge of my eye socket, disturbingly close to my bottom eyelid. She stared at me, penetrating, searching, violating me.

"Are you watching what we're doing to your sister, Sofie? Are you enjoying it?" I cried out as her fingernail pushed down, further and further. Searing agony shot through my eye. She intended to dig it right out of its socket!

"It's not Sofie. It's someone named Evangeline! Please stop!" Veronique cried out.

My stomach sank. Veronique had just tossed me into a tank of hungry sharks! Then I remembered that it wasn't my body lying on that metal table with a blowtorch by my feet and a fingernail at my eye.

Cruella's brow furrowed. She stood, her fingernail lifting from beneath my eye. "I do not know an Evangeline ... who is that?"

"I don't know," Veronique whispered. Cruella's hand reached down to assume her eye-gouging position. "But she knows Sofie!"

With a pause and a decision, Cruella smiled down at me. "Well, Evangeline, make sure you let Sofie know how well we're treating her sister." She gave Stan a nod.

My back arched as searing hot pain fired throughout my body.

My blood-curdling screams lasted long after the pain had vanished. I couldn't stop kicking my feet, sliding them back and forth over the cool satiny sheets to put out the flames. By the time I registered that I was in my room in the chateau, a giant werebeast stood over me in my bed and a ring of anxious faces surrounded the foot of it.

"What's wrong?" Sofie asked, her eyes wide with alarm.

"Burning. Fire. Torture," I answered in sputters, throwing off the covers to inspect my feet in the moonlight. Nothing but smooth pale skin. You're safe, Evangeline. Safe. Safe. Safe.

The pain. The smell of burning flesh. It lingered in my nostrils. Though it wasn't happening to me, it was real. They were torturing Veronique. While I lay in satin sheets, circled by her sister and those I loved, Veronique lay on a cold metal table, circled by the enemy, enduring unimaginable pain. A wave of nausea battered my senses. I was seconds away from bolting to the bathroom to throw up. No one could last long with that level of suffering. No one. And yet, I had to keep this secret. Sofie could not find out or she'd start a war and so many more lives would be lost

Hang in there, Veronique, I silently pleaded, biting down on my lip before the truth exploded out of my mouth.

"A nightmare?" Sofie pressed.

My head bobbed up and down, numbly, wishing for the safety of Caden's arms. He didn't move, though, instead studying me with a worried expression.

Sofie leaned down, her hand smoothing my hair in a motherly gesture. "About what?"

I bit down harder, madly searching for a lie that would justify my traumatic awakening. What if I revealed too many clues for the shrewd vampiress and she figured it out? Finally, I just shrugged.

She offered me a compassionate smile as her cool hand cupped my chin. "I told you not to worry. Everything will be fine. We'll figure this Tribe magic out."

I nodded again, dropping my gaze to my hands folded in my lap, hiding my face so she couldn't see the tears welling. No, it won't, Sofie ... So much is not fine.

"I'm such a rotten friend. I'm sorry I haven't been around more for you," Amelie spoke out from her place beside Julian. "Especially with what you've been going through. We'll do something tomorrow, I promise. Just the two of us. Okay?"

"Okay," I mumbled, more to appease her. Her blond corkscrew curls bounced as she nodded with satisfaction, a rascally twinkle battling with worry in those emerald jewels. So happy. So oblivious, wrapped in Julian's arms.

Rage flared within me. Stop it! That voice screamed. Every day that this charade between Julian and Amelie continued, the harder the truth would be. Julian needed to walk away, to break up with her, to tell her he'd lost interest. Something. Anything. I shut my eyes, hoping to reset my emotions before I accidently endangered Julian.

The bottom corner of my bed sank as a weight settled on it. Caden was perched stiffly on the edge of the bed, glaring at Julian, the muscles in his strong jaw rigid with tension. Instantly, I realized my mistake. He hadn't missed my reaction to Julian and Amelie and he was reading it as something different. Jealousy, on my part. I need to get better at guarding my reactions around Julian, I scolded myself. I covered my face with my hand, trying to block out all the ways I could lose my mind.

Sofie's heels clicked as she slowly backed away. "Okay, well; let me know if you need anything." She turned to walk toward the door, her fingers gripping Amelie's elbow as she passed, a signal for them to leave. At the door, she stopped and turned. "Max?"

No, the stubborn beast growled.

"Max, can you give me a moment alone?" I scratched the back of his ear affectionately. I couldn't remember the last time I'd done that ...

With a heavy exhale, Max leapt off my bed and strolled past Sofie. I'll be right outside the door if you need me.

A soft click, and I was alone with Caden. Our eyes grazed each other for a moment and then he looked away. I immediately sensed the shift in the air between us. Something was definitely different now. Before, I could touch him, I could hold him, I could be with him. Now, there was an unspoken boundary. An invisible divide-a barbed wire fence that kept us sitting side by side but growing distinctly apart. The barbs had hooked onto my heart, choking it, tearing it apart with each passing hour.

As I stared at him, at his mess of tawny brown hair, at the way he focused out the window on something unseen in the night sky, the ball of anxiety in the pit of my belly flourished. I couldn't tell him what was happening! Worse, what was happening to Veronique, that I was witnessing and saying nothing about. What would happen if he knew? Either he'd tell Sofie, which I knew was a tragedy for the greater good of all, or he'd make me promise to keep quiet because of the greater good of all. Just like binding Bishop was for the best. As rational as that side of him was, I couldn't bear the callousness of it.

And so I remained quiet, allowing a wall to grow between us-the invisible wall of lies and pain that grew in size and density and stabbed my heart with its severity. A wall that, I was afraid, would soon be impenetrable. Tell him everything! That voice pleaded within me. Oh, the euphoria of pouring my heart out to him, of divulging every last secret that burned my soul. But I couldn't. I couldn't form the words that would end Julian, that would either force Caden to betray me or forever taint my view of him.

And so I bit my bottom lip to keep quiet, so hard I thought I might draw blood. Blood that would spark an uncontrollable urge for Caden, and would then kill him. I could feel the fissure in my sanity widening, threatening to break into a million pieces, never to be reassembled. I am a liar. A betraying, lying, fragile human ...

I had to fight the overwhelming urge to lunge at him, to expunge all my anxiety, my agony, my everything with him. If only for a night, an hour, a minute ... While I still could. While my touch wasn't instant death. But I couldn't. I couldn't even speak. So I just sat there, staring at him, accepting that I had lied to him before, and that I'd lie again. I stared at the moonlight shining in through the windows, dancing along the dazzling curves of his profile. I stared as awkward silence suffocated me.

Caden was the first to speak. "How's your arm?" He slid closer to me, his long fingers stretching out, closer and closer, almost to me ...

A vision of his lifeless corpse on my bed, dull green eyes staring into nothingness pulled my arm back involuntarily.

"No." With a scowl, Caden closed the distance, intentionally grabbing onto my knee, his thumb and forefinger squeezing around it tightly. He raised a knowing eyebrow.

I exhaled softly, soaking up the relief. I hadn't killed him. Yet.

With that test out of the way, he gently lifted my injured arm beneath the elbow, appraising the fresh wound, still red and swollen. "Does it hurt?"

"It's sore, but I'll live." I thought I heard his teeth grind against each other as he glowered at it. What if ... I swallowed the swirl of rising panic. Spidery red veins seared my mind. "It's not still bothering you, is it? My blood?"

He shook his head fiercely. His eyes flickered to my face, a hint of shame in them. "I was right there and she still got to you. I'm just so angry."

"It's not your fault." I hesitantly reached forward, my own fingertips running along his index finger. He didn't react at first. I was afraid I had overstepped this new unspoken boundary. But then his long fingers laced between mine. My pulse quickened as those intoxicating jade jewels seized me, demolishing me with their intensity, lifting me up, up into the clouds, into heaven, into oblivion ...

"What was your nightmare about?"

And I was tumbling downwards, anxiety slamming me against the hard, cold, uncaring ground of reality. My voice caught as I whispered one name, a name that left a bitter taste on my tongue. "Veronique." It was the truth and yet a blatant lie. Another lie ...

Caden slid his arm around to my opposite hip and pulled me close to him, welcoming my forehead against the ridges of his chest. He rested his cheek affectionately against the top of my head. "I'm sure she's fine. There's no reason they're doing anything to hurt her. She's too valuable," Caden promised in a low whisper, his hand running through the length of my hair, stroking it gently.

You're so wrong, Caden. Tears seared my eyes. I swallowed a sob. "I hope not." Another lie to Caden. Two major lies in one night and I had sworn I could never tell him one.

I want to forget everything. Make me forget everything, for just a little while. My hand expanded, fingers stretched out across his chest, raking his muscles, skimming down along the ripples, wandering over his chest, his biceps, his stomach, his belt ...

"I should go," Caden whispered, grabbing my hand, his body growing rigid. A snake of tension constricted inside me. Reluctantly, I pulled away, rubbing residual tears away with the back of my hand. He moved to stand up.

"Wait!" My hand flew to his leg, grasping his outer thigh. I tempered my voice, asking more tentatively, "Can't you stay a little while longer? Please?"

"Bishop's all alone." As if that explained everything, he was on his feet.

I swallowed my fear, forcing the next question out. "Is that why? Does it have anything to do with ... before?" With Julian?

He towered over me like an angel, his tall, muscular body more appealing to me than ever before. I didn't know why. Maybe because I was losing him ... "Yeah. A little bit," he admitted. The snake squeezed tighter, threatening to crush my vital organs, to end me. A single tear escaped, rolling down my cheek. I smeared it away with the back of my hand, not wanting him to see me cry.

Too late. The muscles in his neck tensed as he swallowed. He looked away, focused on the window. "It's not right or fair that it bothers me, but it does. I can't help feeling like you've betrayed me, even though I have no right. I'll get over it but ... it will take some time."

"How long?" I asked. Inside, I was dissolving in misery.

"Evangeline." His voice cracked, full of desperation. After a long pause, he shrugged. His voice turned hard and cold. "We have bigger issues to deal with right now."

Bowing my head, I sank into the bed, clenching until my nails dug into my palms. I recognized practical Caden, the guy who'd kept me at arm's length back on Ratheus. I thought I'd chased him away for good, but he was back again. He was assembling his own wall. A brick wall, not as agonizing as my barbed wire fence of lies, but still substantial. I wanted to scream at it, to tear it down, throw the pieces away, smash them, burn them. Instead, I nodded.

"Everything will be fine with us. I just need some time." Time. Something we didn't have. Leaning down, his cool lips first grazed my forehead and then planted a lingering kiss on it. "Get some sleep. I'll see you in the morning." With that, he vanished into the night, leaving me alone with my crumbling sanity.

When Max ventured in, the tears were still falling.

***

I woke up empty, drained. Luckily, I hadn't endured another round of Veronique's physical torture. Now, it was only my own mental torment that loitered. I wondered which was worse. Max was gone again. Likely out hunting. He had spent hours silently mopping up my tears with his snout. As much as I appreciated him, I appreciated the time alone.

Heaving myself out of bed, I showered and dressed at a sluggish pace, preparing myself for another day of Tribal magic surprises, of watching a good friend imprisoned and suffering, perhaps another injury, but most of all, another round of gut-wrenching distance between Caden and me.

Springy blond curls and a brilliant smile ambushed me the second I stepped out into the silent, empty hallway. "Ah!" I yelled, stumbling, my head banging against the doorframe.

"Come on!" Amelie chirped, oblivious to my shock. She grabbed hold of my good arm.

I let her drag me, my heart hammering against my rib cage. "Where?"

She shrugged vaguely. "Doesn't matter. We're spending the day together, remember? First, you probably need to eat."

We found the two French cooks in the kitchen, this time with rolling pins in their hand and a round, flat pastry dough stretched out on the marble countertop. Smiling in unison, they dove back into their work.

"What do you feel like?" Amelie asked, already neck-deep into the open fridge. Before I could tell her I'd rather eat glass than food, a plate of fresh fruit and pastries materialized in front of me. Amelie's long silver-painted fingernail tapped against the countertop. "Eat up!"

"You sound like Sofie," I grumbled. I wasn't hungry. The thought of food made me want to vomit, my insides twisted into so many intricate knots even Houdini couldn't unravel. But, I knew arguing with Amelie would take too much strength. She'd pin me down and force-feed me. So I relented, picking up a slice of melon. Its sweet juices had barely touched my lips when Sofie entered. It's like they had Evangeline radar ...

Minty eyes narrowed slightly, as they had the previous morning, when she was sensing me magically. It set off a volcano of panic inside me. The melon dropped from my grasp onto my plate.

"What? What is it now?" What had changed overnight? Was my touch finally lethal? No ... Amelie had held my hand. She was still alive and perky. Which meant I wasn't a full-on leper yet ...

Sofie shook her head, reading my mind without being able to read my mind. "Nothing. How was the rest of your night?"

Lonely ... I pushed my bitterness away and grumbled, "Fine," as I slid the plate away. It may as well have been crawling with maggots, as unappetizing as it was.

My answer earned a heavy sigh of relief from her. "Good. I'm going to be busy for a while. Testing something out on Bishop."

I jumped out of my seat. "Are you serious?" Finally, a spark of hope, a ray of something positive. "Have you figured out how to fix him?"

"I have an idea or two. Nothing I'm sure of yet..." Striding forward, she stopped before me to push a strand of hair from my face. "I'll take care of everything. Don't worry. I'll fix it."

I want to believe you Sofie, I do. I just couldn't help but feel fate was spiraling out of control. Swallowing a painful lump of despair, I nodded and changed the subject. "Any news from Lilly?"

The responding scowl gave me my answer. "I expect we will hear something soon." Sofie looked down to my injured arm, her deepening scowl creating unpleasant clefts in her forehead. "You can keep Evangeline occupied, right, Amelie?"

Amelie hopped off her stool, saluting in a military fashion. "I'm on it! I've got Operation Entertain Evie covered!"

Despite everything, that earned a genuine smile. Oh, how I missed Amelie's levity!

Cool fingers traced my chin. "I haven't seen that beautiful smile in so long," Sofie whispered. I turned to see sadness flash across her face. Then it was gone, replaced by a mask of composure as she leveled Amelie with a sobering stare. "Help me keep it there, will you, Amelie?" With that, Sofie vanished.

"So ..." Amelie leaned on her elbows, cradling her chin. "What do you wanna do?"

I shrugged with disinterest, squashing a blueberry between my fingers. "What's there to do?" Wander around the halls of this giant chateau and pretend that everything was fine? That Veronique wasn't being tortured to death, that Caden and I weren't one second from over, that Amelie wouldn't be crushed and Julian dead once they discovered his secret? That I wasn't slowly turning into a Tribe demon? That the world wasn't going to end ...

Hands clapped sharply, catching the tip of my nose. "Earth to Evie! What is going on in that pretty little head of yours?"

"I'm ... wallowing," I admitted. Heat crept up my neck. I wasn't a wallower. That wasn't me. From my mother's death, to my solitary teenaged years, to learning of the curse, I had never spent more than a minute dwelling on the negatives. Now, I was bathing in L'Eau de Wallow.

"Bad idea, Evangeline. You need a good distraction." Her hand rested on my shoulder. "So let's find one, okay?"

"Okay ... What do you have in mind?"

"I'm not sure ... I usually hunt bears and jump off cliffs when I need a distraction."

I snorted as my gaze roamed the four walls of the kitchen, imagining the long halls outside, the stairs, the rooms ... Nothing there was distracting enough. Well, except Caden. But then that'd just bring me back to my inevitable worry. I needed to get away. Far away, just for a little while.

"Let's get out of here," I whispered, already anticipating Amelie's negative answer.

An impish curve touched her lips. "We could," she mouthed. She looked over to ensure the cooks weren't listening.

My heart started pounding against my ribs. "Seriously? Do you think Sofie'll be mad?"

Her mouth twisted. "If she found out ... yeah, probably. But I've been out once or twice. Caden's been out a couple of times ... Viggo's out twice a day. Nothing has happened! There are no signs of any Sentinels watching. We should go!" Bright white teeth glistened as she struggled to contain her excited smile. "We could do it, Evie! We could ..." Her words trailed off as the eagerness deflated like a popped balloon, crushing my already weak spirit.

"Those wolves. They'd tell Sofie right away. We can't get past their stupid mutt noses."

I smiled. Finally, an advantage.

***

Rounding the corner into the foyer, I almost smacked into Viggo striding through the front door. He cringed and jumped backward a foot to avoid my hand grazing his leg. He was afraid of me and my Tribal magic. I smirked with satisfaction. I was a natural Viggo repellant. A silver lining.

"What are you two up to, so giggly and ... annoying?"

"Girl stuff!" Amelie spat back haughtily, hooking her arm through mine.

With an exaggerated eye roll, Viggo sidestepped around us-giving me an extra wide berth-and continued on, not in the least bit interested in a couple of tittering young women. Not unless they were tittering over him. I released the lungs' worth of air I didn't realize I was holding. I may repel him but he still terrified me.

"Okay. Stay right here," Amelie ordered, pointing to the tile where I stood, as if I were a dog who might wander away. She vanished, only to reappear ten seconds later with coats and boots for both of us. "Come on!"

I had one boot on and was tugging the second on when Amelie grabbed my arm and began dragging me out the door, my coat hanging off one arm. "Quick!" She pointed to a navy jeep sat parked outside. Opening the passenger door, she bowed. "After you, mademoiselle!"

I took a deep breath. This was crazy. We were crazy! Before I could chicken out, I hopped in. "Sofie's going to kill me," I muttered to myself. Amelie was in the driver's side an instant.

"And you're sure you want to do this?" she asked slowly.

I sighed. "Amelie? We've got both our hands in the cookie jar and now you're the voice of reason?"

"Well, I don't know ... you're always the good one."

"Yeah, and where has that gotten me ..." I peered over my shoulder at the chateau, where too many problems lay hidden within the walls. Turning back, gazing down on the city of Paris, I saw only freedom beyond the ten-foot stone wall. An escape, if only brief. I nodded firmly. "We need to get out or I'm going to go bat-shit crazy. Besides, you're with me and we're in Paris. No one knows we're here ... we'll be fine," I smiled, adding, "Just don't forget ... Sofie can't fix me if I get broken."

Amelie grimaced. She grabbed my hands, her voice suddenly urgent. "I won't let anything happen to you. I've already lost one best friend. I won't lose another. I promise. If I suspect anything, we'll come right back. Swear!"

I held out my pinky finger. "Swear." She giggled, hooking onto my pinky, and then followed it with a ferocious hug. Like a cloud lifted, she was back to Amelie, her pretty little face full of determination. She began pawing the visors, the side pockets, the console, the glove compartment.

"Where are the damn keys? There must be a set somewhere ..." When it was obvious that we weren't going to find a set of keys in here, she shrugged. "Rats! Oh, well." Reaching down to the ignition, she yanked the cover off, exposing a mess of wires. She had them plucked apart, stripped, and crossed in seconds. The rumble of the engine filled my ears.

"Where the hell did you learn to hotwire a car?"

She giggled, pleased by my disbelief. "There were a lot of cars sitting around after the war and no keys. And I was bored." She threw the car into gear and gunned it, the back end of the jeep sliding sideways in the snow before correcting itself. "Caden taught me."

"Caden ..." A sharp prick stabbed my heart. I forced the grief away. No doom and gloom, if only for an hour or two. Please.

The jeep moved forward, weaving along the long drive, the two of us chattering as if we were home free. It wasn't until I spotted the giant brick wall, and several of Ivan's men, both in human and wolf form that I realized that they wouldn't have to smell me. They'd see me sitting in the passenger seat! I slammed my hand against the dashboard. "Damn it!"

Amelie hit the breaks and the jeep went sliding sideways. "What?" Wild green eyes stared at me.

With an exaggerated gesture at the wall, I said, "They'll see me sitting here. They'll have Sofie after us in under two minutes."

"We could crash through and keep driving?" she offered with no conviction in her voice. Her shoulders sank. "You're right. I was so excited, I didn't think about that part."

"Bloody werewolves," I muttered, feeling the exhilaration of moments ago deflating. No. I was getting past them. I needed this. I needed to get away. I was going to go crazy otherwise. Unfastening my seatbelt, I scrambled between our seats, over the back seat and into the back of the jeep, planning to lie as flat as possible. They had no reason to check the back of the truck, right? To my pleasant surprise, a navy and beige plaid wool covering sat folded in one corner. Perfect! I dove down and curled into the smallest ball possible, tossing the blanket over myself. I was a full-on stowaway.

"Ready!"

"Okey dokey!" Amelie chirped. "I hope this works!" The jeep lurched forward, my body jolting as it barreled over bumps in the old road. I dared not peek out.

An anxiety-riddled minute later, the brakes squeaked as the jeep slowed to a stop. I sucked in a mouth full of air, waiting. I heard the slide of a mechanical window as it opened. "Hello, friendly werewolves!" Amelie called out with a touch of displeasure in her voice, the touch that no one but a friend could identify.

Snow crunched, announcing the approach of a two-legged guard. "Where are you going?" a rough Russian-accented voice asked. I didn't recognize it.

"Oh, down to the city for a stroll. Maybe a snack ..." I could hear the vicious grin in her voice.

"You normally go on foot." It was a statement, one coated with suspicion.

"Yes, but this time I need to bring back some blood with me and this is easier than lugging bags," Amelie lied smoothly.

"Viggo brought back a supply yesterday." Another statement, another layer of suspicion laid down like a heavy rug.

"And now I'm getting more! What can I say? We're hungry! Would you rather we eat the staff who's busy cooking your meals for you?" The edge in her voice was now razor sharp. Though I couldn't see her, I imagined her small, delicate hands waving dramatically.

There was long pause. "Why didn't you get the keys?" the werewolf inquired, obviously noticing Amelie's hotwire talents. Freaking sharp-eyed wolves.

Amelie responded with her trademark seductive giggle, one I'm sure no one-even a burly Russian werewolf-could resist. "I'm a naughty girl. I guess old habits die hard." I sucked in another breath as the excruciating silence stretched. "Come on! I'm not a prisoner here!" She threw in an annoyed sigh.

I heard snow crunching as footsteps moved away. I exhaled the smallest breath of relief, fighting hard against a delirious giggle. In another moment, the sound of creaking iron gates announced our freedom. The jeep jerked forward one last time.

***

"So I guess there were no basic road rules in your Earth?" I said dryly, my chest tight, my white-knuckled hands gripped on the door handle as the jeep slid sideways into a parking spot. "I should have stayed hidden underneath the blanket for the trip."

Amelie winked and giggled at me. We had made it to Paris's downtown core in what could only be considered record time, swerving through traffic, disregarding street lights, and taking the roundabouts and narrow streets at full speed, as if both of us were immortal.

Amelie pushed open her car door and hopped out. "Come on! We don't have a lot of time. Sofie's going to skin me alive if she finds I've taken you out."

I gave my body a quick shake, trying to slough off the petrifying drive. My eyes coasted over my surroundings. Paris ... I was in Paris! I had only ever dreamed of being here. I'd never expected to make it, or so soon. We were in the heart of the city, parked on a narrow street that bustled with life, even in the winter chill. People darted in and out of shops like little ants, all in a rush, bundled in the most fashionable of coats and hats. I had always heard that Paris was like this-the people knew how to dress. It wasn't surprising that Sofie was from here.

I guessed their fashion sense would be the first to die when the need for basic survival took over, when this war began ... I looked along the decorative buildings, down at the beautiful cobblestone road. If I focused hard enough, I could see the tufts of grass pushing through the crevices, up heaving history and human life and swallowing it up in years of neglect and decay.

A violent rap on the side window brought me back from my apocalyptic daydream. I turned to find Amelie's mesmerizing emerald irises glaring at me through the glass, her arms crossed over her chest in a childlike stance. Opening the door, I barely got my leg out before she grabbed hold of my arm and yanked me the rest of the way.

"When I say 'skinned alive,' I mean it, Evangeline! Literally. She can do it do, you know!" She tugged me forward as she marched across the street. "My skin will just grow back, but it will hurt like a son-of-a-you-know-what while she's doing it!" I tuned out her dramatic ramblings, peering into the storefronts, each unique and exotic. A soap store, a perfume store, a specialty baby gift shop. Soon, they would all be a thing of the past, remnants of human existence, left behind to decompose in the rubble.

"Evangeline!"

The sharpness in her voice slapped me into place. I turned to see those eyes dissecting me-both worry and annoyance in them. "Where is the excitement from thirty minutes ago? I'm risking Sofie's wrath by bringing you out here. The least you could do is not be a complete zombie!"

"Sorry ..."

She sighed, squeezing my hand. "It's okay. You're dealing with a lot. I'm dealing with a lot. But," she yanked on a long cylindrical brass door handle and prodded me forward into the shop with sharp fingers in my shoulder blade, "while we're dealing with it, let's do something fun like ... get Christmas presents!"

Christmas. Right. It was tomorrow. It would be my first Christmas with Caden ... and perhaps our one and only. Get it together, Evie ... I shook the thought away. Amelie was right. Shopping for gifts would be an enjoyable distraction.

The second we stepped inside, the smell of sweet pipe smoke tickled my nostrils, bringing with it a pang of remembrance. It smelled like Leo. We were in a gentleman's shop, full of dark wood shelves, and lined with everything from cigars to jewelry to striped dress socks and pink ties. Numerous frazzled women milled about with salesmen trailing behind them, hoping for the commissions on a last-minute desperate and expensive purchase. Of course I would get something for Caden. But what the heck did I get a seven-hundred-year-old vampire for Christmas?

"Do you know how long it's been since I've even thought of getting a Christmas gift for someone? Gosh ... I can't even remember what I ... Oh, yes, I can! I got my mother this beautiful pink and white cardigan," Amelie said, as giddy as a child in a toy store as she strolled up to a counter that held some expensive watches and other men's jewelry.

"Bonjour, mademoiselle," the distinguished man behind the counter chirped in his melodious French tongue.

Amelie giggled, batting her long eyelashes sweetly. "Hello, sir. My French is atrocious at best."

He smiled and nodded. "Oui. I understand. How may I be of assistance?"

She leaned forward to peer into the glass counter in front of her, her finger dragging over the surface as if ready to identify something. "I'm looking for a pocketknife. A large one. Decorative but effective."

"Oui, mademoiselle. I believe I have just the item for you. One moment, please." While the salesman crouched behind the counter, Amelie turned to me to add in a low voice. "Julian should have a weapon until I can convert him."

I forced a smile. "You think it will happen? You'll be able to convert him, eventually?" Before he turns into a hideous yellow-eyed leper? I didn't know if that would happen to him. No one knew. While we both had been touched by the magic, I seemed to be the only one who was rapidly changing. Maybe he and Veronique would avoid it somehow.

"I have to be able to, Evangeline," she whispered, staring at me with raw desperation. "There's no point being here, otherwise. I can't do it again without him." She was right, I realized. It did have to happen. Amelie had a second chance at love and she wasn't willing to risk losing it. No, it finally dawned on me. If Julian died ... Amelie was as good as gone as well.

Again, I would lose two good friends. Fiona, Bishop, Julian, Amelie ... gone. How long before I lost Caden fully as well?

"Yes, of course," I nodded my head, swallowing my fear for my dear friend, forcing a broader smile. I needed to change the topic, and quickly. "What do you think I should get Caden?" I asked as the salesman reappeared, a light brown rectangular box in his hand.

With a pensive bite of her lip and a roaming look around the glass cases, Amelie pointed at one to our left. Inside it was a selection of pocket watches. "Dad had one of these. Caden loved it. He's always had a bit of an obsession with the time. It was damaged when ..." She looked at the salesman who was now watching us intently, waiting to show Amelie his selection. She chose the rest of her words carefully. "In the accident. I'll bet he'd love a new one from you." Turning back to the patient salesman, she sang, "What do you have for me, sir?"

He slid forward the box and propped open the lid to reveal an ivory-handled knife. "This is what we call a tactical folding knife, mademoiselle," he explained.

Amelie pulled it out and flipped it open, revealing the four-inch blade. Enough to seriously injure someone. "Perfect!" she exclaimed, slashing and jabbing the air with it to test it out. The man jumped back, his eyes widening with panic. I hid my smile as I peered down at the glass case. Little did that man know, he had more to worry about from Amelie than a knife.

"I'll take it!"

While he wrapped the box, I studied the display in front of me. There were a dozen or so round timepieces and they were nice enough, but I wanted something special for Caden. Something to remember me by when I was gone. I wanted to give him the best watch in the world. Surely, there was something more elaborate not on display, from where ever he got Amelie's knife.

"Do you have any other watches?"

"Oui ... but...," he stalled, his eyes sizing me up.

"Can I please see them?"

He smiled politely but the curl of his upper lip was unmistakable-the superior smirk. "These are more in your range, non?"

I felt it the second it happened-like a brittle twig, something snapped inside me. Burning fire crawled up my neck, searing my ears, my face, my scalp. As I glared at him, at this pompous man in his three-piece suit, judging me, the urge to scream crippled my senses. I clenched my teeth together to keep from causing a scene. That scrawny neck ... I pictured my hands reaching forward and wrapping around it to throttle the arrogance out of him. I was certain doing so would bring me much joy.

Sure, in my white down jacket and furry boots, I didn't exactly look like the person who had a hundred million dollars sitting in an account somewhere courtesy of Sofie. Of course, I hadn't seen a penny of the money, which I didn't care about. I hadn't bothered to ask about it, hadn't bothered to think about it.

Now, though, it mattered. I had that obscene amount of money to spend, I wanted to get Caden the best damn watch ever, and the end of the world was coming. Who the hell was this ... man ... this watch man or knife man or cigar man-some sniveling, little man-to tell me I couldn't even look at a watch when in a few weeks or months or years, he'd be vampire carcass along with everyone else in this room! Assuming the matter closed, the man pulled the display of watches out.

"No," I hissed.

He quirked an eyebrow in surprise. "Non?"

"Non!" I spat back, mocking his French accent. This imperious little man was denying me a perfect gift for Caden. I hated him. I hated everything about him. Without thinking, I wrenched the knife out of Amelie's hand. Stretching over the countertop, I seized his plaid vest and yanked him forward with force, holding the knife's tip dangerously close to his jugular. "Non, as in you are wrong. I'd like to see your best watch. Please." Blood hammered in my eardrums as I watched terror capture his tongue. He said nothing. He didn't even blink. "What are you waiting for?" Hatred dripped from my voice, to a level I didn't know I was capable of.

A hand squeezed my shoulder. My head whipped around to find Amelie standing there, giving me a wink as her other hand clamped over the knife handle and my fingers. Lowering it, she leaned over the glass, her face inches from his. "Please show us your best piece, sir, and forget that my friend ever held a knife to your neck. She's having a bad day."

When he answered, his voice was even, his words empty. "Oui, one moment." Into the back room he went.

With his departure, my fury collapsed, leaving me confused and horrified. What just happened? I stared at Amelie, dumbfounded.

"Good lord, Evangeline!" Amelie exclaimed. "You're wound tighter than a yo-yo. I thought you were going to kill him. What's gotten into you? I mean, it's cool and all but ... a little excessive, don't you think?"

I struggled to regulate my breathing. "I don't know what happened," I whispered, swallowing repeatedly. Checking the store, I saw that no one had noticed. Thank God! Thank Amelie! "Thank you ... for erasing that from his memory," My fingers raked my hair. I had almost driven a knife into that man-over a watch! Was I finally cracking?

"No problem. If you want, I can make him tap dance naked in the street after." I caught Amelie's devilish smile as the man returned with a small black metal box. I scrutinized his face as he unraveled the packaging. No sign of fear, no indication that he remembered I had just held him at knifepoint. What is wrong with me? He flipped two hinges open and my self-loathing disappeared instantly. Inside lay a large sterling silver pocket watch nestled in black satin. Around the outside perimeter were engraved roman numbers to identify the hour. In the center, under clear glass, were the gears of the timepiece. A heavy silver chain hung from a loop on the top.

"Wow," I said, my internal turmoil temporarily forgotten. Who knew a pocket watch could be so beautiful? "It's perfect."

I looked up to ask the price at the same time that Amelie announced with a wide grin and a penetrating gaze, "Please wrap it up. We'll take it at no cost."

"Amelie!" I hissed when the man turned his back to begin wrapping it. "I can't steal a gift for Caden!"

That earned an eye roll. "Oh, please! You were about to stab the man and now you're worried about stealing from him? You're so spastic lately ..." She grinned impishly. "Besides, think of it as your payment for saving the world. You'll have earned it."

I groaned. Amelie always had a way of rationalizing things to her own advantage. But in this case, I wasn't going to argue. I was already a delinquent when it came to morals. What was theft, added to conspiracy and attempted murder?

In under five minutes, we were walking out with wrapped gifts at no cost to us. I tucked the watch into an inside pocket in my jacket to keep it safe. "Where to next?"

"Evangeline ..." Amelie's voice drifted off as she looped arms with me. She pulled me across the street, paying no heed to the oncoming traffic, even when angry horns blared at us. "Do you think it's awful of me to be so happy with Julian after watching one of my best friends die? I mean, shouldn't I be curled up into an angry little ball and not out here, shopping for Christmas gifts and stuff?"

As we stepped onto the sidewalk, she slowed to a halt. A fractured replica of Amelie's face turned to stare at me, one suffering from extreme internal turmoil. "Does all this make me a terrible friend?" Her voice turned soft and shaky.

I knew what she wanted. She wanted the validation that I so desperately sought for myself. That it was okay to long for Caden's arms around me when Bishop was suffering, when Veronique was being tortured, when the world was about to end. That I shouldn't feel guilty that I've found one shred of happiness in all of this and that I was willing to let it consume my thoughts every second of every day.

I felt my face warm in a gentle smile. "No, Amelie. It doesn't make you a bad friend. It gives you a reason to live, to fight. It keeps you sane." I reached out to squeeze her hand. Sanity. Something I'm quickly losing ...

Her shoulders lifted and fell. "Good. I didn't want you to think ill of me, Evie. I don't want anyone to think I'm not suffering over Fiona's death. I miss her." Amelie's lip quivered. "I miss her so much. Every day ..." She swallowed as her gaze dropped to the cobblestone. "Sometimes, at night, while I watch Julian sleep, I swear I hear her voice down the halls. That laugh of hers ..." She smiled, looking off in the distance, reminiscing. "It makes me want to go back to New York and tear every last one of those witches to pieces." When she looked at me again, her eyes were glassy with emotion. "I'm just so thankful to have Julian. He's made it so much easier to deal with losing her."

A lump formed in my throat. "I know," I forced out, along with a forged smile.

Grabbing my arm, she dragged me into a store with sharply dressed female mannequins posed in the window. "Julian's amazing, Evie," Amelie gushed, her mood lifting. "He's just so ... smart and sweet and ... funny! Even with all the awful stuff going on, when I even think of Julian," her hands closed in to nestle against her chest, "this warm bubble grows inside me. I didn't think I could feel like this ever again!" Again and again, her ecstasy over Julian pounded on my heart like a concrete hammer, smashing it to a pulp. "He's been the perfect gentleman. So old-fashioned ..." Amelie explained as she pulled a black lacy outfit off a shelf, complete with green ribbons and things dangling from the bottom of it. "Oh, I like!"

I groaned inwardly as my fingers caressed a silk gown absently. Of course Julian's been the perfect gentleman, Amelie. If you knew what he was hiding, you'd be using that lace to choke the life out of him ...

"I'm going to try this on." Amelie slid into a dressing room, throwing back over her shoulder, "You know, you should pick something out for yourself."

"For who? Max?" I answered under my breath, not meant for anyone's ears.

Of course, with her bionic hearing, Amelie picked up on it. "Caden has been acting weird lately, hasn't he ..."

I instantly blushed.

"Not sure what's gotten into him. I guess with Fiona's death, Bishop being tied up, you being ... toxic ... sorry ... he must be taking it pretty hard."

And thinking Julian and I hooked up probably doesn't help. In the grand scheme of things, that was a tadpole in an ocean's worth of issues, and yet it seemed to be crippling us.

"When Caden found out you had been in the mountains with a guy ... you should have seen him. Paranoia city! But I told him there was no reason to be worried ..." The way Amelie's words trailed off, by the lilt of her voice, I sensed this conversation was going somewhere intentional.

"Uh-huh." I pretended to flip through racks of clothes while my insides were screaming.

"You know, it's so hard to read you with that stuff flowing through your veins."

"So they say." Alarm bells, ringing loud and clear. What exactly was she trying to read?

"Julian said you're just friends. I can't help but think ..." There was a long pause. "Did something happen between you two while you were up in the mountains?"

"No!" I didn't allow a beat to pass, trying to keep my voice sounding as firm as possible. Still, in those two letters, in that tiny one word, my voice shook.

Another long pause. "You two were alone in the mountains for a month after Caden tried to kill you. And Julian ... I mean, just look at him! How could you resist that?"

With a trembling hand, I rubbed my forehead. I was no good at this deception stuff. What would she do if I lied to her as I had to Caden? Visions of the innocent maid's head bashed against the floor had my heart racing. I had no interest in finding out. "Because I never stopped loving Caden."

I heard her exhale. "I'm so glad. Evie. I mean, I know you're my best friend and all, but I don't know how well I'd handle that. I get a little jealous sometimes ..."

"You don't say."

A latch released and the dressing room door swung open to frame a svelte Amelie in nothing but lace and skin. "What do you think? Will this work on Julian?"

I gasped with surprise. "Good lord, Amelie! I'm not the one you're trying to impress!"

She giggled, closing the door. "So? You think it'll work?"

"That would work on a devout priest," I answered truthfully. "If that doesn't work, I don't know what will." Silently, I promised to warn my dear friend of my other dear friend's carnal intentions.

"Seriously, Evangeline, why don't you pick something out?" Amelie pushed. "Whatever's bugging Caden will work itself out soon and when it does, you'll want something besides flannel poodle pajamas to catch his attention."

"Yeah, maybe you're right." I flipped through the racks with renewed interest. Most of the items were more reflective of Amelie's seductive nature, but I did stumble on a subdued black silk gown with delicate white lace along the top and tiny Eiffel towers splashed all over.

"I found something!" I called out, pulling the gown off the rack and whirling to show Amelie ... and almost slammed into a stern-looking face. A middle-aged woman with dirty blond hair and a hooked nose stood a foot away from me, well within my personal space.

"Excuse me," I said politely. But she didn't move. She didn't blink. Her blue-gray eyes remained frozen on me, a dangerous glint in them. A flicker of wariness sparked inside me. She was concentrating-I could tell that much-though on what, I had no idea. I watched her eyebrow rise with a flash of surprise. It quickly gave way to a grim scowl of determination and two viselike grips on my biceps.

"Evangeline!" Amelie shrieked from within the stall. "I can't move my arms or legs! There must be a witch nearby. Run!"

Too late. That's what she was. That look ... I knew that look. It was the look of magic. She had tried to spell me and she couldn't because of the Tribe's curse ... A brawny hand flew to my jaw and squeezed so tightly that I couldn't answer Amelie, couldn't utter a sound. One arm hooked around mine in a painful lock and the woman started dragging me toward the front of the store with surprising strength. Out, away from Amelie, away from safety.

I fought back, twisting and turning my body, swinging my legs out from under me to target her shins. I dug my nails into her flesh, eliciting a howl of pain from her but still she marched on. I leaned in to bite at her hands, managing to grab hold of her index finger with my front teeth, a coppery taste filling my mouth. She let out a yelp but continued. I was like a rabid raccoon and yet I couldn't break free of her remarkable grasp, no matter what I did. I knew it wasn't magic that did it and it surely wasn't her size, given she only had a few inches and about thirty pounds on me. It had to be a combination of raw hatred and grim determination.

It was obvious I wasn't a willing participant in this excursion and yet, as I passed the two ladies tending to the store and the other shoppers there-all watching the scene unfold-none did anything to help. Even with Amelie's shrill screaming from the back, they stood like frozen deer caught in headlights, unsure of what to do. For all I knew, they were influenced by magic. Everyone could be. Everyone except me.

Desperate, I allowed my knees to buckle. My body flopped to the ground. The witch responded with a guttural curse. With one hand still on my jaw, she grabbed a fistful of my hair with her other hand and began hauling me out. Pain exploded in my scalp. I knew she'd keep moving, even with chunks of my scalp falling out, and so I was forced to scramble to my feet and follow. She stormed through the glass entrance door with me in tow, into the frigid cold and the busy street.

Dozens of pedestrians stopped to watch, a mixture of alarm and curiosity on their faces. The witch released my jaw as she tugged me forward along the cold, icy ground, moving with purpose. I soon saw that purpose was a large white van with no windows and the back door wide open.

This was an abduction.

If I went into that van, I was as good as dead. Now was my chance. Someone had to help me. Someone had to do something.

I opened my mouth to let loose a blood-curdling scream a second before a giant male hand clamped over my mouth and grabbed hold of my arms. I kicked and thrashed wildly but this man was at least six foot three and two hundred and fifty pounds. It was useless. They had me.

"Not a breeze, but easier than I expected," the witch mused, pulling out a tissue to stop the trickle of blood from her hand.

Everything was happening so quickly. In seconds we reached the back of the van and a second set of large male hands with a telling tattoo grabbed hold of my wrists. He yanked me into the van and tossed me onto the dirty van floor. Cradling my stitched arm against my chest to protect it, I counted six dark-clothed goons sitting over me. If I could just get out ... Maybe I could break free ...

We were thrown into dim light as the back door slammed shut. With a bang on the outside, I heard the woman shout, "Go!" The van lurched forward.

The enemy had me.

Without firm fingers gripping my jaw, I could scream. And scream I did. At the top of my lungs, I screamed. I screamed for Sofie, for Amelie, for Caden, for Max, even for Mortimer. For all of them. But it was no use. None of them would hear me in this moving van, surrounded by these hulking men. If only I had stayed at the chateau. What were we thinking?

I scrambled to my knees, determined to get myself out of this disaster. If I could just get to the driver to stop the van, maybe Amelie could catch up ... I leapt forward, clawing at the closest man's face. My nails connected, raking his cheek and his left eye, drawing blood. He howled in pain as his hand flew to his face. I dove in, intent on pushing past him to reach the driver. I almost made it. Almost. A swift elbow out of nowhere connected with my lower jaw, stopping my momentum. Pain exploded on the entire left side of my head as I crumbled to the floor once again, the metallic taste of blood coating my tongue.

"Careful. Dead bait's not useful." I barely heard the man's gruff warning over the ringing in my ears.

No sooner had the words left his mouth than tires squealed and an engine roared somewhere outside. The van came to a jarring stop, sending me flying forward, slamming into the back of the passenger seat.

"Holy s-!" the driver shouted, but his words were cut off by a smash of glass and a shriek of terror. My head flew up to see that he was gone, replaced by a smear of crimson on the steering wheel. Guns emerged while men shouted orders, preparing for the attack as the van rocked violently. Suddenly, the grating sound of metal on metal filled the air. Daylight and frigid winter air spilled in. Someone had ripped off the back doors! It had to be Amelie! Amelie promised to keep me safe and she would. She kept her promise. She would save me.

I allowed myself a second of relief in my tiny heap on the floor, despite my throbbing jaw and the shouts and screams and blaring car horns from outside.

Gunfire rang out, mixed with screams and shouts. I buried my head within my arms, face down, afraid of stray bullets. Luckily the gunfire stopped as abruptly as it began. Counting to five, I dared peek out from my cocoon.

"Amelie?" I winced with each syllable. I waited. No answer. "Amelie?" I called out a little louder.

"No." A lone female figure with short black hair appeared within the doorframe.

Lilly.

Her small hand extended toward me, offering a gentle smile. "Come with me now." In shock, I crawled to the edge of the van. When those fingers curled over mine, she pulled me out with surprising ease. She threw my arm over her shoulder as if expecting that I would need support, which I did. The ground was wobbly. That, or I was wobbly. Either way, I was thankful for the help.

I had left the danger of the van, and stepped into utter chaos on Paris's city streets. A large crowd of horrified spectators stood at a distance, staring at the carnage laying before them-a mangled van and heaps of broken Sentinel bodies. From the looks of it, a few bystanders had been victims of the hail of bullets. Kait stood over two of the Sentinel bodies, her red leather outfit swapped for a black one. Her hands were covered in blood and she was grinning viciously, her eyes throbbing with crimson lines. A flash caught the corner of my eye. I turned in time to see a young man with a phone camera snapping a picture.

"In here," Lilly commanded, leading me over to a white BMW Z4. Giving me a firm push into the passenger seat, she closed the door behind me. In the blink of an eye, she was beside me in the driver's seat, fastening my seatbelt over me. I hadn't yet uttered a single word. I couldn't help but stare at her, such a tiny frame sitting in the driver's seat, scarcely able to see over the steering wheel. She looked like a thirteen-year-old playing grown-up.

Lilly threw the car into gear and sped off past the crowds, sending several onlookers diving for safety. She weaved in and out of traffic, both moving and parked.

"We'll be out of the city soon," she explained. A truck suddenly pulled out in front of us. Lilly hit the brakes, sending the back end of the car sliding sideways. She spun the steering wheel to counter the direction. The wheels caught traction and we were back to speeding along the streets.

"I guess that's why they say not to drive sports cars in the winter," she kidded. When I didn't respond, she asked, "Are you going to be okay?"

I paused, unsure of how to answer. I lifted my hand to run a finger along my now-swollen jaw. I wondered if it was broken. No, if it were, I wouldn't be able to speak. Still, it may as well be for how much it hurt. Either way, that wasn't my problem anymore. Now I had a new problem. Lilly had me and I still didn't know if that was a good thing or a bad thing.

Turning to her, I asked pointedly, "Are you going to kill me?"

I caught the surprise flash across her face. "I haven't decided yet."

I'm not sure what answer I expected, but that wasn't it. My lungs constricted, knowing I may have escaped death with the Sentinel to meet death with this diminutive hateful vampire. I considered jumping out of the car but then realized there was no point putting myself through that, given Lilly could catch me on the other side, put me back in, and continue driving without missing a beat.

"Aren't you worried about what Sofie's going to do when she finds you?"

"Nope."

8. Mending Broken Things-Sofie

Bishop lay motionless on his back, one hand over his abdomen, the other splayed beside him, when Mage showed up in my parlor and announced, "We have a problem."

I don't know if it was Mage's voice or just timing, but I caught a twitch in Bishop's left eye. So minor, so quick, any ordinary person would have missed it.

"Bishop!" I hissed, leaning forward, my hair grazing his cheek. He had been this way-lifeless-for almost an hour, since I'd cast the Causal Enchantment, begging the Fates to mend his broken heart, to erase the pain of Fiona-heck, erase her existence if necessary!-and bring the old Bishop back to us. As soon as the last words touched my tongue, Bishop's sad gray eyes drifted shut. They hadn't opened since. I was beginning to worry that the only peace for him would be in death. Maybe the Fates knew that. Maybe they were right.

"Sofie, I think you need to come with me," Mage's tone had turned icy in warning. I looked up to see her stern expression, her features struggling to stay composed, setting off a current of dread.

"How important is it?" I skimmed over the heap of Merth in the corner of the room. I had removed the bindings soon after Bishop lost consciousness so I'd know when he came to.

"Important enough to bind Bishop back up and leave him here to deal with later," Mage confirmed.

I ran my finger along my sleeping patient's cheek, gazed at his smooth, unfurrowed forehead, at his trouble-free mouth-and disappointment churned. "I don't know, Mage. If he wakes up better but is bound by Merth ... I don't know how to explain that. Tell me what's going-"

"Lilly has Evangeline."

My head snapped up to see Mage's onyx eyes penetrating my soul. I swallowed, sure I'd misheard that. "What?"

"Lilly has Evangeline," Mage repeated without any hint of annoyance.

"What? Mage-what do you mean 'Lilly has Evangeline'? Did she come here and snatch her away? How do you know?" I was ready to grab her and shake the information out of her.

Mage sighed. "It seems Amelie and Evangeline decided to sneak out for some last-minute Christmas shopping. The Sentinel and the witches found out and captured Eve but Lilly stopped the van and pulled her out. She left the mess on the streets of Paris."

I silently vowed I'd skin Amelie alive when I saw her next. "And how would the Sentinel and witches find out about them?"

"Let's worry about that later."

My eyes bounced between the door and Mage. "Are they on their way back here?"

"Well, that's the problem. Lilly has taken Evangeline to some unknown destination-for what reason, I don't know. Kait and Galen have shown up with a disheveled Amelie and a stubborn witch who they're interrogating as we speak."

Lilly had Evangeline and was going to do God knows what to her. A combination of terror and fury collided inside me, creating the perfect storm. "Oh, I'm going to kill Amelie when I get hold of her," I warned through gritted teeth. For now, as much as I'd like to be by Bishop's side, Mage was right. I needed to deal with this.

I hopped onto my feet and leaned over to grab a fistful of Merth strands, wincing with their sting. "I'm sorry, Bishop," I apologized, looking down at his charming young face. I froze. There! In his left eye, a shift under his lid. And another, in his right eye, stayed my hand. "Bishop?"

Lids popped open suddenly, dazzling charcoal irises wide with shock. They rolled, they skittered, they walked over the surfaces around me until they landed on my face. Please be fixed.

A giant grin spread across his lips.

9. Strange Allegiances-Evangeline

The city highways traded off for rolling snow-covered hills and quiet country houses. Lilly never slowed once, clearly heading to a specific location, one she didn't divulge to me. When we turned into a driveway with an arched entranceway and a low stone wall a half hour later, I had chewed off every last one of my nails-even with a throbbing jaw. By the bronzed crosses on stone pillars comprising the entrance gates, I could see we were entering a cemetery. Suddenly, I was sitting stiffer, my eyes wider, my senses keener, thoughts of my pained jaw falling to the background.

"Why are we here?" I hazarded to ask.

A tiny, almost shy smile. "We have something in common, human. Let me show you."

Something in common. In a cemetery. I inhaled and exhaled slowly. Repeat: In. Out. In. Out. I focused on the pretty trees, the blue sky. Anything to keep my imagination from sending me into a frenzy. As long as she had something to show me, she wouldn't be killing me.

The sports car rebelled as Lilly forced it through the fresh snow, sliding this way and that and spinning its wheels as it struggled to climb a small slope. By the acres of rolling hills and mature trees, I could tell this was both an ancient and large cemetery. Full of thousands of bodies ... possibly one more after today.

Lilly continued edging the car along in silence, winding along the narrow path, moving deeper and deeper into the land where the trees became larger and older, and crypts began cropping up like hay bales in a farmer's field. Then, she stopped and got out. I watched as she circled the car and I briefly toyed with the idea of jumping into the driver's side of the car and speeding off. No ... there was no point. She stopped in front of my door and waved her hand forward, as if inviting me in from the cold.

Warily, I pushed open the door and climbed out. The air seemed chillier here than it had in the city. Perhaps it was the open fields and lack of buildings or anything else for miles. Nothing but the dead. I checked the area for witnesses, someone to call to. I almost expected to see Max tearing down the path, ready to save the day.

But there was no one. Not a soul, supernatural or otherwise. I was here at Lilly's mercy. There was no point in trying to escape, I realized, remembering the gash she had given me the day before, in a room full of prepared vampires.

"This way," she prompted, trudging toward a weathered stone crypt set back amongst a grove of oversized spruce trees.

Taking a deep breath and layering on a brave face, I followed Lilly up four steps to a steel door secured with heavy chains and a stately padlock. Lilly fished out an antique-looking key from a chain around her neck and inserted it. With a click, the chain unraveled and clanked to the ground. She pushed open the door and beckoned me in with a wave of her dainty hand.

It was dank and dark inside, exactly as expected. Four small windows around the top of the crypt allowed enough daylight in to display the odd-looking steely gray coffin sitting on a concrete block in the center of the little room.

"Cast iron," Lilly explained, as if that meant something. "It's heavy." Taking hold of two sides of the lid, she braced her feet against the gritty floor and pushed. With a loud scraping sound, the lid slid. I held my breath, half of me wondering what was in there, the other half terrified of what might come out. With a casual movement, Lilly threw her legs over the edge and hopped into the coffin. She disappeared. "Coming?" her voice called out from somewhere below.

I turned back one last time-at the entrance to the crypt, at the car, its keys hanging in the ignition, ready to speed away. Curiosity took over for fear. Gingerly, I stepped closer and peered down to see an opening, leading into darkness far below. Grabbing hold of the sides of the coffin, I hoisted myself up, not nearly as easily as Lilly had. Swinging my legs in, I carefully took one step, and then another.

"I can't see," I said.

"Right ... humans." A moment later, a flashlight beam illuminated the narrow, dark staircase for me. Holding onto the sides tightly, I began the descent.

Lilly was waiting for me at the bottom. The stairs led to a tunnel, musty with moisture and cold, reeking of earth and age. I said nothing as we walked along the low-ceilinged path, my arms wrapped around my body, feeling the walls closing in on me. The small space didn't seem to bother Lilly, though. In fact, she seemed at home here. For all I knew, this was her home.

About a hundred yards in, we reached a gated door. It protested with a loud creak as Lilly pulled it open. Beyond it, the ground sloped downward at an awkward angle. I had to take my time, taking sideway steps and using the dirt walls for support. We rounded a corner. The light from Lilly's flashlight caught something up ahead. Without a word, she disappeared and I heard the flick of a lighter. In moments, several lanterns were lit, illuminating a chamber of maybe twenty-by-thirty feet and average height. It was empty except for six coffins in a circle around one in the center. Seven coffins, buried in a secret crypt beneath the crypt.

I swallowed hard as I watched Lilly walk past the coffins, her child's hand running along their surfaces. Whoever was in these coffins was important to Lilly.

"I lied earlier," Lilly said calmly. "About killing you."

My heart and stomach raced to see who could make it to the cold, hard ground first. She's going to kill me and bury me here in one of these coffins and no one will ever find my body.

The terror must have been splayed across my face because she spoke again quickly. "I have no intention of killing you, Evangeline. I never did." She smiled. "Well, maybe not never but ... not since I realized Viggo has no interest in you."

As if on yo-yo strings, my organs snapped back to their rightful places. My lungs felt like they would collapse as the air released out of them. "Why did you bring me here, then?"

Lilly circled the coffin in front of her and weaved through the space in between to make her way to the coffin in the center. It reached almost up to her chest, sitting high a pedestal. It was more elaborate than the others and darker in color. She brushed a hand across the top affectionately.

"I can't read you," she began, "because of this magic that Sofie speaks about. This poison that runs through your blood. Yet, I could sense your hatred for Viggo that night we met."

My snort escaped before I could stop it. "I don't hide that well, do I?"

She gave a little shake of her head, a tiny smile creeping across her lips. "And then, when Sofie showed me those visions, she showed me what Viggo did to you ... to your mother." Burning fingers of agony trailed along my spine with the reminder. "Is it true?"

I nodded silently.

Lilly's head turned to land on the center coffin once again. "I'm sure you've noticed my ... dislike ...," her face twisted into something far beyond dislike, "for Viggo?"

Curiosity got the better of me. "I was told you hated his guts and wouldn't help us because of him."

"Yes. That is an apt assessment. But ...," she peered up at me sheepishly, her next words coming out in a raspy whisper, as if she were afraid to speak them, "I'm terrified of him. I know what he's capable of."

We did have a lot in common. "You're smart to be. He's a scary vampire and he's capable of vile things."

"Yes, he is," she agreed. We shared a silent look. Her gaze screamed heartache, rank with turmoil, begging for love and attention. In that moment, there was no millennia-old vampire standing in front of me. There was a young, broken girl. There was a child I wanted to wrap my arms around, to tell her it would be okay. She would survive.

"This is my mother's coffin," she explained, her hand sliding along the top. "Up until yesterday, it was empty. Now, I have my mother back." The urn ... the one Viggo begrudgingly parted with. "Do you know who put her there to begin with?"

I nodded. "Viggo."

"Viggo," she echoed, his name ricocheting off the wall like a stray bullet, looking for someone to maim. Walking slowly around the coffin, her hand never leaving its surface, she began confiding. "My mother was the original vampire. She was thirty-five hundred years old when he killed her. Not as old as Mage, from what Sofie showed me. They were a couple. Soul mates, Mama used to say." Lilly stopped to fumble with a brass handle at the end. "Mama wasn't my real mama, of course. I grew up in England. My real parents were poor. We lived in the back of a barn. My dad used to hit us ... and other stuff." Her eyes drifted to the floor with shame.

"But one day, Mama saw me while at the market. My real dad was selling some stolen grain. I guess Mama wanted a child of her own." Her fingertip traced a symbol near one of the hinges. "She told me that when she saw the bruises on my arms and legs, she got so angry, she sent Viggo to rescue me. So he came and snatched me out of there." Lilly's back was to me now. "He made me. I was his gift to Mama. I guess you could say he was my new father."

I shuddered involuntarily, the idea of Viggo as a father figure equal parts repulsive and horrifying.

"We were happy for hundreds of years-the three of us and Mama's advisors," her arm swept over the other six coffins. "They were all nice to Mama and me. Very loyal. We were like one big family, protecting each other. They were all older than Viggo. He was the youngest of them all, aside from me." Lilly paused to swallow. She moved to draw her finger along the top of another coffin. Even under the dim light, I could see the floral pattern she was drawing in the thick layer of dust.

"What happened?"

Her mouth curved into a frown. "I don't think Viggo was ever in love with my mother. Well, maybe he was for a short time. But when he found out that Mama used to be a witch and she could compel vampires, things changed. He was jealous of her power." Lilly walked back around. "That, or he was afraid she had compelled him in the past. Or perhaps he was simply crazy. Whatever the reason, he kept up the pretense for a while. Mama didn't notice the change like I did. It must have been my child's intuition that saw the way he looked at Mama after that."

A momentary smile flashed across her dainty face as if she remembered something fond, but it promptly fell off with more morbid memories. "One night, he ambushed my mother and the other members, killing every last one of them. He came after me but ... I escaped." Lilly left the coffin's side to walk over to me. "He stole Mama's body, thinking I'd come for it, but I hid. For a few hundred years, I made sure I was nowhere he would dare be. I created a new group of advisors, a new family for myself. Kait and Gavin, they're my family. They've been by my side for almost a thousand years. They take care of me. I take care of them. They're all I have, especially now that we have this venom issue. Not that it would matter." She held her hands out to her sides, palms up. "Look at me! I'm a child forever. I have no interest in a mate. I don't even know what that means, other than what I've seen and heard. I want venom back so I can create friends and family. The family I have now ... I won't risk Viggo taking that away from me. I want to stay as far away from him as possible."

I nodded sadly. "So that means you won't help us?"

"I didn't say that."

I stifled a groan as I looked down at her. Vampires and their cryptic answers. "Sofie wants you to pledge allegiance. Will you do it?"

She gave the slightest shake of her head, crushing the spark of hope within.

"But Lilly ... she won't trust you otherwise."

"I know." A shy, childlike grin slid onto Lilly's face. "But she would if I pledged my allegiance to you."

Dead silence filled the underground cavern. "I'm sorry ... I heard you wrong." I blinked repeatedly, wincing from the pain radiating from my swollen jaw. It had to be affecting my hearing.

"I said that I will pledge my allegiance to you and then Sofie will trust me."

Now I stared blankly at her, looking for a sign that this was a joke. But only innocence stared back, waiting. "You can't do that!"

"Of course I can! I can do whatever I want!"

"But ... but ...," I sputtered.

"But what?"

"But ... why?" Why would this ancient vampire want to bind herself to me? A vampire would need to be crazy to commit themselves to a human, Mortimer had said. Was a crazy vampire asking to bind herself to me?

"Because I won't bind myself to Sofie and yet she needs to trust me. I'm not stupid, Evangeline. I know this is serious. If Sofie's asking me for help, then I know it's got to be serious ... Besides," Lilly shifted a rock with her feet, "I like you. You're ... nice and ... honest. I can tell." Definitely crazy and clueless. Lilly walked back over to her mother's coffin. "And you're not that much older than me in human years. I always wanted a sister. Mama and I found the perfect one just before Viggo killed her." She turned back. "The girl-her name was Rebecca-she was tall and blond like you."

In a flash, Lilly stood inches from me. "I can trust you, right?" Those blue irises begged for the right answer. So like a young child, unsure of herself but willing to trade pride and risk of hurt for a glimpse of what she wanted.

"Of course you can trust me. I'm the one who shouldn't trust you, remember?" I yanked up my sleeves to reveal my injured arm.

Her eyes shot to my stitches. "She hasn't healed it." As with most things, this wasn't a question.

"No ... She told you she couldn't."

Lilly's top lip curved into a sarcastic smile. "And you know as well as I that Sofie would make a champion poker player ... I had to be sure."

"Couldn't you have done something a little less dramatic and painful?"

"It had to be something dramatic enough that Sofie would heal if she could ... Sorry. Sometimes I forget what it's like not to heal instantly."

"That makes one of us," I said, cupping my hand against my sore face.

Lilly stood silently then. She was pledging her allegiance to me. I still couldn't grasp the meaning of this whole "allegiance" concept except to understand that it was huge-monumental-to have her support and protection. I would have an ancient vampire-no, more, I would have a posse of ancient vampires-protecting me, listening to me. Because I didn't have enough protection ... I have a stronger guard than any queen with her army.

I fought to hide the cautious excitement unfolding inside me. This would be unprecedented according to Mortimer. Man! Would his jaw hit the ground when he learned about this! But what would I need to do? What did this require of me? Did I need to give her orders? I didn't know how to scheme and plot like these shifty vampires.

"Would you do whatever I asked?"

Lilly shrugged and I caught a glint of wariness in her eyes. "Yes, I suppose so ... But it doesn't mean I'm your slave."

I was already shaking my head. "No, no ... of course no." But I could ask her to do things that I couldn't do, like gather information secretly ... that, I could ask her to do. "Okay," I nodded after a moment.

Lilly's giggle carried down the hall. "You're granting me permission to give you my allegiance? You think that's how it works?"

"I don't know how any of this works. And I'm tired of all the bullshit."

"Fair enough." Lilly stood straight and faced me. She was a full head shorter, her brow reaching my neck. Again, another shy smile and tilt of her head. "I'm not exactly sure how to do this, either. It's not something most of us are willing to do. You're my first." I watched as her smile disappeared and her expression turned solemn. Bending down on one knee, like she was proposing to me, she reached up to take my hand in hers. Her skin was silky soft. I felt uncomfortable, checking the shadows around us, wondering if anyone could be watching. But Lilly wasn't nervous or awkward. Her head angled back until I could see her face, candlelight casting a dim shadow across it.

"I, Lilly Hamlin, pledge my allegiance to you. Trust me with your life. Trust my descendants with your life. I will protect and serve you as you wish. I am yours until death."

A pause and then she was on her feet, her face beaming proudly. "There!"

I frowned. "Really? Nothing feels different to me." Nothing at all.

"It worked!" Lilly's eyes were wide with genuine seriousness. "I can feel it." She grinned. "So ... now what?" Did I believe her? Was I supposed to feel anything?

"You don't believe me, do you?" Lilly's grin plummeted.

"It's not that I don't believe you ..." No, I don't believe you. I sighed. Was what she did enough? "Sofie always says I'm too trusting and that I need to be a bit more guarded," I explained.

"Sofie's probably right," Lilly conceded. "But either way, you have my allegiance. Tell me what you need me to do to prove it to you."

Here we go. I wasn't any good at telling people what to do. I sure as hell didn't have any idea what to tell her to do about this war. Sofie was the one who knew what she should do, not me! And that gave me an idea.

"You need to listen to Sofie." Lilly's face twisted with displeasure. She opened her mouth, ready to protest, but I quickly interrupted her. "You wanted to know how to prove it to me. Well, that's how. Listen, Lilly. I don't know the first thing about wars and battle. My manipulation skills suck. Sofie, though, she knows these things. I trust her completely. You need to trust her too. You need to do as she asks. Listen to her, Lilly."

Lilly's lips pressed together. "I had a feeling you'd say that." She pulled out her cell phone as she began walking back down the tunnel toward the exit. "Come on. We'd better get you home. Sofie's liable to torch everyone otherwise."

I trailed behind, deciding that when I knew I could trust her, Lilly would be my means to rescuing Veronique.

***

When the gates creaked opened for Lilly's car, we found Ivan and a horde of his wolves standing guard just inside. It took another few minutes for the car to struggle up the winding, snow-covered driveway. When we reached the loop in front, a crowd of stern expressions had already gathered-vampire, human, and werebeast.

Amelie landed at my feet the second the door opened, throwing her arms around my neck. "I'm so sorry, Evangeline!" she cried out. "Oh, thank God! I couldn't get to you! I couldn't move! I'm so sorry!" she gushed. "By the time I broke free, you were already gone."

I offered a small smile, wincing from the growing throb in my jaw. "It's okay, Amelie. I'm fine."

Her eyes darted to my jaw, eyebrows raised. "Uh, have you seen your face? You look terrible!"

"Okay, maybe not fine, but I'll live." I had no idea what I looked like. I'm not sure I wanted to know. I definitely didn't want Caden to see me like that. Speaking of which ... I took in the faces around me. Everyone was here. Everyone except Viggo and Caden. For a moment, a stab of pain poked at me, wondering where he was, wondering why he wasn't concerned enough to be waiting for me, but I pushed it aside, remembering he was likely with Bishop.

As Lilly stepped out from the driver's side, Amelie instantly lunged at her, her claws dangerously extended. "You bitch!" Luckily Mage was there to intercept the attack, securing Amelie in a partial headlock before she reached the tiny kidnapper. Lilly didn't flinch. In fact, I'm pretty sure I saw her smile.

"We leave you two alone for a few hours ...," Sofie began in in a cold, hard voice as she walked forward, her light touch caressing my jaw, making a tsking sound. "Why must you decide to act like a rebellious teenager now, Evangeline? You were such an obedient child, always following the rules. Now that you're in the most danger, you're continuously doing stupid things!"

"Yeah, well, look where being obedient got me."

Sofie paused to consider me. She said nothing, though, turning to Amelie. "And you! I thought you were smarter than that."

"Here we go again! Seven hundred years old and I'm being scolded twice in one day." Amelie crossed her arms over her chest.

"You deserve to be." Julian stepped forward from just inside the door, his chocolate face screaming worry as he looked at me.

I offered him a small smile. "It's not Amelie's fault. I begged her to take me out. We wanted to get some Christmas presents."

"I didn't think we were being watched!" Amelie exclaimed.

"We're always being watched, you twit!" Mortimer scoffed from his corner.

Sofie's eyes drifted to Lilly. "I'm not sure that we were ... until now. Someone may have tipped them off." Her tone was thick with accusation. Was she accusing Lilly of being the informant? No! That couldn't be. She was the one who saved me!

"It's not her fault," I said. "I wanted to go. I needed to get out. We both did ..."

Silence met my admission of guilt. "What's done is done," Sofie stated, exhaling. "You can tell me all about it later. For now," she turned to Lilly, "can I assume you're willing to join us?"

Lilly's mouth twisted in thought. "Perhaps."

"Lilly," I coaxed lightly, "remember what we agreed to. No more games. There's too much at stake."

Her face smoothed over with a nod. "I have pledged my allegiance to Evangeline. She's asked that I listen to you as it relates to the war, and so I will."

By the flash of surprise on Mortimer's face and the open-mouth gape on Amelie's, it was clear that Lilly's declaration caught everyone off guard.

My, my. Aren't you building a little empire, Max said sarcastically. You know, one of these days, you're going to be sorry you keep tricking me ...

I gave him an apologetic shrug.

Once the initial shock subsided, Sofie spoke up. "You are okay with this, Evangeline?"

"I'm ..." I was unsure of how to say this without offending Lilly. "I'm okay with it. But I don't feel any different, so ..." I'm not sure I can trust her, Sofie. Read between the lines.

She nodded slowly. Maybe she understood me. If not, I'd ask her if she could confirm it later, when we were alone.

"Has the witch given us any details?" Lilly asked, switching gears.

I frowned. The witch ... the witch! They kidnapped her? They must have!

"No, though Kait and Viggo are still interrogating her," Mage explained simply. "They're almost finished." Finished because they'd gotten their answer or because there wasn't much left of her? I decided that I'd rather not know.

"Well," Sofie said, pausing. "Good. Now that that's settled, please, won't you come in? We have a lot of work to do." We followed her into the massive foyer. "Mortimer, why don't you take Lilly to Kait?" With a nod, they vanished. "And Evangeline ..." I turned, expecting her to tell me I was grounded for life. Instead, she wrapped her arm around my shoulder. "I need to tell you something. It's important." She hesitated, her mouth bending into a weird half-excited, half-nervous smile. "I figured out a way to free Bishop."

Joy exploded inside me like fireworks on the Fourth of July. "Seriously?" Of course Sofie had fixed it! Sofie could fix anything! "Seriously?" I parroted and looked over at Amelie, expecting a matching grin. She stood there with a strange expression on her face. I couldn't read it. She was definitely happy but there was also a glimpse of something ... pity, perhaps? "Where is he? When can I-"

Sofie cut me off. "Now, I don't have a lot of time to explain." She paused, listening to something in the distance, off to our right. "Damn it," she muttered under her breath. "They're coming." They ... Bishop and Caden! My heart started to race. I turned to gaze down the hall, waiting excitedly. Sofie's hand waved furiously at Amelie. "Go stall them for a moment, please."

Something about that tone ... it unsettled me. Amelie disappeared in a flash. "Why the need to stall?" I asked warily.

Sofie was suddenly in front of me, seizing my hands tightly, pale eyes holding mine as if compelled. "Okay, remember how Mage's compulsion erased all memory of Earth for Caden and the others?" she said in a low whisper.

I nodded.

"Well ... it gave me an idea. It took some thinking and a little request of the Fates ..."

Oh God ... the Fates. Prickles of worry nipped at my toes. So far, any mention of them usually spelled disaster for me. "But Bishop is back to himself now," she assured me. "Except for one key difference." She was rambling. Sofie doesn't ramble. "There was only one way to do it. I had to erase all memory of her," she whispered, her eyebrows rising suggestively with her.

Sofie's words didn't register at first. "What do you mean?" I asked slowly.

"She does not exist in his memory. Nothing about her. Nothing about being bound up by magic over the last few days because he wanted to avenge her death. The Fates altered it all."

"Her? You mean F-"

Sofie's hand flew to my lips, clamping on tightly. I moaned in pain but she ignored it, rushing with her whispers now. "We'll talk about it later, but whatever happens, you cannot mention her name. As long as no one mentions her name, we're golden. If he hears you mention it again, the spell is broken and he's back in Merth. Understand?"

Not mention her. She didn't exist. I felt as if she had just walked up and walloped me across my injured jaw.

"Understand?" Sofie prodded.

I nodded, dumbstruck. "So, if he doesn't remember ... her ... what does he remember?"

Pity flashed across Sofie's face-one hundred percent unveiled pity. It sunk my insides to my feet just as a loud, jovial voice sounded from our right. Bishop's voice.

All thoughts and worries vanished. My heart melted, my body gravitating toward that beautiful sound. I turned just as Bishop appeared, grinning broadly, his gray eyes twinkling in that playful way. He scooped me into his arms and spun me around. I giggled excitedly. Just like old times ... like happy times. Like-

Bishop's lips closed over mine, pressing against them. At first I thought it was show of friendly affection. But when he didn't pull away, when the kiss became deeper, more intense, when his hands slid to my back, running along my contours, I knew something was wrong. It was a kiss I'd seen him secretly give Fiona countless times.

Alarm paralyzed me. I felt my cheeks blaze with embarrassment. What the hell was going on? Why was Bishop kissing me? Bishop pulled away, his jaw tensing angrily as he appraised my injured face. "They sure did a number on you." I heard myself make some sort of guttural sound, unable to speak, unable to move-as stiff as a stick within Bishop's arms.

Sofie swooped in, shaking his arms loose from around my body. "Yes, you probably shouldn't get that close until she's cleaned up. You'll need to be cautious with your affection for a while. That must have hurt ..." She turned my face to feign investigation of my injury, all the while pleading with wide eyes. Sorry, she was saying.

In all honesty, I was so stunned, I hadn't felt the pain of his kiss against my mouth.

Bishop squeezed the bridge of his nose. "I'm so sorry. I was just so excited to see you. I feel like I haven't seen you in forever," he whispered, pulling me into an embrace. That's when I saw Caden standing behind us, glaring at Amelie, a slight shake of disapproval. Caden! Oh my God! Oh my God! I'm cheating on him, right in front of him! He watched Bishop kiss me! What would he do? What would he say?

Jade eyes locked onto my face.

He smiled.

What? What the hell was going on? I pleaded silently with my stare, to him, to Amelie, to Sofie. Why was Bishop like this? He was acting like we were together! I looked back at Caden in time to see him mouth, "Everything will be okay."

No! Everything will not be okay! I felt my teeth grit painfully. This was wrong! All wrong! I must've had a wild look of panic because Caden turned away, squeezing his own eyes shut for a moment, a pained expression marring his face.

Great, I have to deal with another one, Max groaned. Do you want me to bite him?

I stared at him, thankful for our secret communication. "What do you mean, Max?"

Bishop believes you are a couple. The Fates have filled his head with all kinds of false memories. It's their twisted way of giving Sofie what she asked while complicating things. It's how they roll, Max said.

"But ... why?" I asked, aware that my voice had taken on an annoying whine.

Bishop pulled away from me. "Why what?" he asked softly, his hand reaching up to affectionately graze my jaw.

"Oh ... nothing. Max just asked me a silly question." Another wave of anxiety tore through me with his touch. On instinct, I pulled away, taking two steps back. "I need to go lie down for a while. This morning took a lot out of me." I gave a furtive sidelong glance to Caden. Follow me, please ...

"That's a great idea," Sofie chirped, walking over to place a hand on Bishop's forearm. "Bishop, do you think you could help Mage clean up the mess in Paris?"

"Yes, I definitely could use some help with that," Mage stepped in without missing a beat. "It's already made the news. Hopefully, we can make it blow over as a terrorist attack but we should head out now. We should be back in a few hours." She looked at me. "Enough time for you to get cleaned up and take a rest."

For days I begged Sofie to fix Bishop, and now I could kiss Mage for taking him away.

"Of course!" Bishop boomed happily, his famous crooked smile beaming. "Can we take Lilly's car?"

Mage nodded. "I'm sure whomever she borrowed it from won't mind."

"Do you need me?" Amelie offered.

"No, you've done enough," Mage answered quickly, giving her own look of stern disapproval.

Amelie had the decency to duck her eyes and look contrite for a second. Only a second, though, and then her expression changed to one of mischief as she glanced behind her at Julian leaning up against a wall.

"Come," she beckoned, offering her hand. As they began walking down the hall, Amelie turned back to give me a sly smile and a wink. Her hand reached down and pulled out a strap from beneath her shirt. Black lace.

"Great ... you managed to get that," I mumbled to myself, my hand going to my forehead. A deep headache was forming behind my right temple.

I needed to warn Julian before Amelie ambushed him.

I needed to talk to Caden about this whole Bishop thing.

I needed to talk to Sofie about Lilly's allegiance.

I needed to talk to Veronique to explain things, to relieve my guilty conscience.

Just when I thought things couldn't get more complicated, my world was spiraling downward, out of control.

Bishop leaned over to lay a gentle kiss on my forehead. My back instantly stiffened. "Be back soon and we'll pick up where we left off," he whispered in my ear, and then he was off with Mage, sauntering out the door as lazy as a lion on a sweltering day. A voice screamed inside my head, Where did we leave off?

The second the door clicked into place, I let loose. "What the hell?" I screamed, wincing as a sharp pain shot through my jaw.

Caden was beside me in a second, pulling me to his chest in a tight embrace. "It's okay."

I shoved him back. "No, it's not! What did you do to him?" I hissed, my anger directed at Sofie.

She sighed. "I told you what I did. Apparently the version of Bishop we get is a little bit different. It's not me. It's the Fates. But at least he's not in the Merth, right?"

I was already shaking my head, looking at Caden. "I don't want that. I don't want him, I don't-"

He silenced me with two fingers to my mouth, careful not to touch my injured jaw. "I know. I know. Believe me!" He paused. "It looks like this is as close to the old Bishop as we're going to get."

"But she erased all memories of-"

"Ah!" Sofie warned sharply, her finger held up in warning. "Never say her name, even when he's not around."

"Of her ..." I adjusted. "It's like she never existed."

"I know ... but we all know she did," Caden whispered, looking down at me. "None of us is going to forget. But she's gone, and we have a choice of accepting it and moving on with this version of Bishop or losing both of them. I don't know about you, but I have better things to do than sit by my best friend while he suffers, bound with Merth." His hand grazed my cheek.

"I know but ... if he thinks we're together, then ..." You and I can't be, I finished in my head, unable to say the words.

"For now. Just for now." Caden pulled me into another embrace.

As my head rested against Caden's chest, I stared at the front door. He was the old Bishop, but still the wrong one. This was so much worse than having Caden think I'd been with Julian. So much worse ...

"When this is all over," I said.

"When it's over, we'll remind him of her," Sofie agreed. "For now, though, with this war coming, we need all the help we can get. We can't worry about him making things worse, causing scenes in public venues."

Her mention of scenes brought me back to the attack, and Lilly. "Lilly will listen to you, Sofie. I told her to defer to you. I don't know how to plan a war." I had my own internal war to deal with.

"Good. She's smart as a whip, that one." Sofie said. "Dangerous and conniving, but smart. Watch out for her, Evangeline. She's sworn her allegiance to you. That means she won't harm you and she will do as you ask, but that doesn't mean she can't stab you in the back in some roundabout way. I wouldn't doubt for a second that she tipped off the Sentinel, just so she could go in and save you ... to earn your trust. Kidnap you without kidnapping you."

I snorted. Surprise, surprise. Can't trust a vampire. "Do you think it's real? Or is she tricking us?"

"I'll go find out. You, though," her gentle fingers reached up to prod at my fat lip, "need to go get cleaned up. I see a cut there, but ... no ... it doesn't need stitches, thank goodness. I'll get Ivan."

"No," Caden interrupted. "I'll do it."

Sofie opened her mouth to object, but Caden brushed it off. "It's okay. I'm okay. I'll take all the time with Evangeline that I can get." He turned me down the hall with one hand wrapped protectively around my shoulder, the other holding my hand. We walked to the main bathroom in silence-the one where Ivan had stitched me up last time. The little medical case still sat on the counter.

"I should just move in here ..." I said as Caden flicked on the light switch.

I gasped. The left side of my jaw was a sickly purplish-red and twice the normal size, outsized only by my lip, which was blackish-purple and easily three times bigger than usual. Dried blood had caked around the corner of my mouth, down to my jawline. Even with all the vampire bites and gashes on my hands and arms, this was by far the worst-looking injury I had acquired to date.

Lifting me under the arms like I weighed no more than a large piece of cotton, Caden gently positioned me onto the counter beside the sink. I trembled under his touch.

"So you decided to risk a war in the streets so you could go Christmas shopping?" He popped open the case and pulled out some antiseptic, cotton balls, and salt.

"When you say it like that, it sounds pretty lame," I looked down at my feet, feeling the burn in my cheeks. "I just needed to get away for a while. Things have been hard lately." And they were about to get a whole lot harder with this new Bishop issue ...

Caden lined the items beside me on the counter. Reaching up, he gently gripped the coat zipper under my chin and unzipped me. His hands slid inside my jacket to my shoulders and pushed off the coat, sending fire to the butterflies already fluttering around in my stomach.

"What'd you get me?" he teased.

I grinned broadly but then winced. "Who says I got you anything?" I wondered if that expensive watch in my inner pocket survived the whole ordeal unscathed.

Caden chuckled as he saturated a cotton ball with antiseptic. He gently dabbed at my cheek and my lip. I winced from the sting and he stopped. "It's okay, keep going," I whispered. I watched him silently, gritting my teeth against the bite, distracting myself by visually tracing the lines of his beautiful face. His expression, suddenly more somber, his voice dropping an octave or two.

"I guess Amelie got something for Julian?" There was that tinge of bitterness again.

"Yeah. Does it bother you?"

He shook his head. "Does it bother you?"

"No." Yes, but not for the reason you think, Caden.

He moistened another cotton pad and began smoothing it over my jawline, down along my throat. It didn't hurt so much here. It was soothing. "They did a great job on your face," he muttered.

"I'm collecting scars."

That earned a small snort, followed by a shake of disapproval. "There," he whispered, looking down into my eyes and I remembered then, again, how I could lose myself in them. Filling a cup with cold water from the tap and sprinkling some salt into it, he handed it to me. "Rinse." After I did so, he leaned in and planted the lightest kiss on the unmangled side of my face.

I groaned. "What are we going to do about Bishop?"

His lips curved into a sad smile as his hands dropped to my thighs. "Nothing. Play along."

Play along? "I can't!"

"You have to," Caden urged. "Remember how I had to do the same with Rachel to keep you safe?"

I groaned again, more loudly. Those were the longest days of my life, watching Rachel molest him like a cougar in heat. Before I knew how he felt, I was purely jealous. After ... I wanted to rake her eyeballs out. "But it's not the same! This is Bishop! He's my friend!"

"Yes," Caden's hands lifted to my shoulder, leveling me with a lecturing look. "Your friend who you don't want to be imprisoned-your friend who you don't want suffering in silent agony."

"But ..." My rebuttal died on my lips. I had already lost the argument. Caden was right. Still ... "Doesn't it bother you?" I whimpered.

Caden shut his eyes. He inhaled and exhaled slowly, his nostrils flaring slightly. "You have no idea ... I wanted to put my fist through a wall earlier, when he was kissing you. But then I have to remind myself that this guy is not just any guy. He's Bishop and this is only temporary. Besides, it's way better than knowing you and Julian ..." His voice drifted, his Adam's apple bobbing up and down.

I dropped my gaze, another guilty dagger in my heart over my deception. We sat in silence for a moment. "What if I can't do it?" I asked softly. "What if I accidently mention Fi ... her? What if-"

Caden's hand lifted to the good side of my face. "You won't," he whispered. "And you can do it. Sofie and I already talked. We're going to convince him you need space with all this stuff going on. Something like that. Sofie will take care of it."

I nodded and stifled a yawn. The poor sleep and the various attacks were wearing me down. "Stay right here," he whispered and then he disappeared, returning about fifteen seconds later with a bag of frozen peas in his hand. Before I could move, he scooped me into his arms and we were sailing upstairs to my room. I was under the covers in twenty seconds.

"Sleep now." He pushed the hair off my face. I had to admit, the bed felt especially welcoming at this point, as my muscles relaxed into its softness.

"Stay?" I pleaded softly. He paused and I figured he was deciding how he would deny me this time. But instead, he swung his legs onto the bed to lie beside me. He leaned forward, elbows and hands on either side of my pillow.

Pressing his forehead against mine, he whispered, "Just for a little while." My breath hitched as his lips grazed mine, first as soft as a feather but then growing with fervor. A little too fervently. I tried not to flinch, but of course, Caden caught it, instantly shifting his mouth to the side of my neck. His nose trailed against my skin behind my ear, tickling me.

"You should ease up on the Bactine."

"I had an amateur nursemaid," I murmured, delighting in his closeness. Why the sudden change in him, I couldn't say, but I wasn't about to question it. I wouldn't utter a word. I would simply enjoy. I slid my arms around his chest and pulled him down to lie on top of me with all the strength I could muster.

"No, no ..." Caden chuckled, reaching behind to peel my arms off his torso, much to my protest. "You need to sleep." He gently flipped me onto my side and slid in to spoon me, snuggling close. A cool hand pushed my matted hair off my face. I felt the lightest kiss near the nape of my neck, igniting my insides. It was extinguished quickly with a bag of frozen peas against my face. The icy chill brought almost instant relief to the throb, numbing it to the point that the pain almost disappeared. And it was like that, held safely in Caden's arms, that I somehow drifted off to sleep.

Familiar prickles sparked through my body as I struggled to focus-the sign that I was now sharing Veronique's body with her, seeing the world through her eyes. Fortunately, I had left my mangled face and stitched arm back in France. Unfortunately, Veronique had plenty of injuries to make up for them. My entire body ached right down to the bone, like someone had whipped, burned, and beaten me within an inch of my life.

I wasn't in a dark, dank cell this time. I wasn't strapped to a metal table, either. I was now in a quiet little room with dove-gray walls and ethereal curtains. A single bed with a simple crocheted quilt sat to the right of the armchair where I rested. I could see that my tattered, bloodied dress had been replaced by a long white cable-knit sweater and white leggings with lace at the bottoms. Dappled yellow and blue skin peeked out from the cuffs at my wrists. God only knew what lay beneath my sleeves.

Slowly, holding my breath against the twinges of pain, I leaned forward to inspect my feet. A thick layer of white gauze protected them, wrapped around so fully that they looked mummified. I shuddered, memories of that blowtorch sending an icy shiver running along my neck and shoulders.

"Allo ... Evangeline?" Veronique's voice called out, moving my lips.

My short hairs spiked. She knew I was there. I could no longer play the silent observer. "You can tell I'm here?" I asked timidly.

"Oui. I feel tickles." Her voice sounded much firmer than the last time.

"How are you?" This back and forth feels so strange! For anyone witnessing it, they'd quickly write Veronique off as a mentally disturbed young woman.

"I have been better. One of the witches put a special salve on my burns to help," she explained. "They say they can't heal my feet. I don't know why ..."

I know why, Veronique. But I'm not sure I want to tell you just yet.

Would she transform into Walking Death as well? Maybe not. Maybe she'd be like Julian. "It sounds like they're treating you better," I said instead, forcing the disturbing questions from my head, thanking God that we didn't share our thoughts like we shared her body.

"Yes ... they brought me up to this room and gave me food and water. And they've left me alone for some reason."

An inkling of suspicion pricked me. Why would a group of witches hell-bent on setting fire to her to get her to speak just a day ago now feed and care for her? Especially when they knew they had an occasional intruder coming to watch? Something didn't make sense.

What are you up to now, Cruella? I swallowed. "What have you told them?"

A pause. "Everything I know, which isn't much. But everything."

A painful lump detonated in my throat. "What exactly is everything?"

"How the vampires had no venom and how Sofie was trying to fix it."

I sighed heavily. "Yeah, that's a pretty big one." Now the Sentinel and the witches knew. They knew they needed to strike while the vampires' numbers were low. My eyes roamed the room again. "So you're still in the same place?"

"I guess so ... I'm not sure. I was unconscious for a while after ..." Her voice choked off. No matter. I knew what she was referring to. "Why hasn't Sofie come yet?"

Chunks of my heart tumbled, hearing her shaky voice, rank with the belief that her sister had abandoned her to this, that she was allowing this. I couldn't do it anymore. I couldn't lie. Not about this. I took a deep breath. "Because she doesn't know you're out, Veronique," I answered softly.

"What?"

I had no idea how to explain. Where to begin? What to tell her? I didn't even know how much time I had. Likely only minutes, in which case I needed to get as much information as I could from her. Carefully, though ... I couldn't tell her anything that could harm us if the witches decided to have another run at torture. She had already proven easily persuaded to divulge information.

"Listen, Veronique," I began, "we probably don't have a lot of time and I need some information from you. I'm going to get you out of here, I promise." If we can figure out where you are! "But I need to know a few things."

She paused hesitantly. "Okay ..."

"Okay ... how many witches and Sentinel have you seen?"

"Oh ... I don't know," she answered, thinking. "Hundreds, maybe."

Wow. "Okay. Do you know how people are getting in and out?"

"Uh ... I don't know, Evangeline. I'm sorry. I've been locked up the entire time."

I sighed. Tortured prisoners didn't make good insiders. "Do you know who that dark-haired one is?"

"Oui!" she answered quickly, excited to have an answer. "Her name is Imogen. She is not nice."

That's an understatement. I could see how everyone took Veronique for a sweetheart. "Has she said anything ... interesting? Given you clues of any sort?"

I felt my brow crease as Veronique gave it some thought. "No ...," she answered slowly. "But she talks into a little gray box a lot. It makes a funny sound. Like ringing."

Little gray thing ... little gray thing ... I scowled, with frustration. What could she be ... her cell phone! Veronique had never seen a cell phone!

"Does it sound like she's talking to someone here, in the building, or somewhere else?"

She nodded. "Definitely far. She said something about flying to England. What did she mean, 'fly,' Evangeline?"

Despite the dire situation, Veronique's innocent questions made me chuckle. "In a plane." This was crazy! "I'll explain later. There's so much to learn. For now, stay safe and try not to tell them anything."

"Wait! Don't go yet!" I heard the desperation in her voice.

"I can't help how long I stay, Veronique. It just happens. But I'm still here for now."

A pause. "How long was I in that statue for? The world has changed so much, from the little I have seen."

"About a hundred and twenty years." I felt like I was delivering a fatal diagnosis.

With a strangled gasp, Veronique's hands flew to cover her mouth. I said nothing, allowing her to absorb the news that she had essentially woken up from a one-hundred-and twenty-year-long coma.

"And Mortimer and Viggo? Have they moved on? How are they?"

I snorted. "They are still your number-one fans." I hesitated. "They're fine. They don't know you're out, either."

"You must think horribly of me ... in love with two men," she said and I felt heat creep into my face with her embarrassment.

It was such a genuinely sweet reaction to the situation, I couldn't help but instantly like her. Except for her poor taste in mates.

"No, I don't, Veronique, but ..." What do I say? You're in love with a psychopath who would slaughter newborn babies if he felt so inclined? I couldn't say that, and yet, I had to say something ... what if she chose him over Mortimer? I swallowed my fear. She had to know. There was no sugar-coating this. "Don't trust Viggo, Veronique."

A prickle of wariness tickled my neck. Veronique's neck. "What? That's silly!" she exclaimed, a little too loudly. She gasped and looked at the door, waiting. When no one entered, she lowered her voice to a whisper. "Why would you say that?"

Let it out, Evangeline. Tell her ... tell her the truth, a part of me screamed. A selfish, spiteful side that longed for the ultimate triumph for all the misery Viggo had inflicted upon me, upon Sofie, upon Mortimer, upon Max ... upon mankind.

"Because he murdered my mother, Veronique, for no other reason than he was mad at Sofie." My voice was low and cool as I delivered my revenge. "Because he murdered Lilly's mother. Because he has tortured and would have killed your sister a million times. Because he was ready to kill me."

Her head shook side to side, her brow furrowed so tightly, it pained my facial injuries. "Non ... You must be mistaken. Surely."

"I would not make a mistake like this, Veronique. Please believe me. You must choose Mortimer." My voice was surprisingly calm and steady-strong even.

"I don't know who you are or why you are here. You are telling me lies. Maybe you are the reason I am locked up in here with these witches."

"You know what? You're right! I am the reason you're in there. But it's not for any reason you could guess. I can't tell you anything else because it's too risky. What I can say is that you know your sister, Veronique. She will either get herself killed coming to save you or she'll start a war that will end in ruin. So as appalling as it is, know that for every day she doesn't know you're out of your statue, you're saving lives. Countless lives."

As the words rolled out, I felt an internal scale tip. I was doing the right thing.

Silence cast an inescapable shadow within the room. Silence, sadness, and doom. And that is exactly how I left Veronique, that hollow ache coming back with me to my own tumultuous life.

I found myself back in my room at the chateau, a presence lying behind me. He stayed! Excited, I rolled over.

"I thought you'd be-" My words ended in a croak.

"Good nap?" Bishop asked, grinning as he reached to brush a strand of hair caught in my lashes.

"I ... I ..." I couldn't form two words, so startled, the muscles in my neck tightening into hard balls of tension. What the hell was Bishop doing in my bed? Sofie was supposed to convince Bishop to give me space. This wasn't space! This was alone in my bedroom! This was as far from space as we could get! Sparks of rage swirled in my gut.

Insecurity in Bishop's eyes quickly doused them. I forced myself to smile. "You've been acting strange since you came back, Evie ... is everything all right? You know, between us?"

Still, that fake smile held, even as horrid wrongness twisted and danced inside me. Between us? There is no "between us."

"Yes. I mean, no. I mean ..." I fumbled over my words, swallowing several times.

"Well, then ..." His body leaned forward until his arm stretched over me and his giant muscular torso pressed up against my chest. Dipping his head, I felt the softest caress of his lips against my collarbone. It was hesitant and gentle and it stirred feelings that I shouldn't have.

I slipped my arm in between our chests to break the contact and then, with a forceful push, I rolled away and scampered to a sitting position. Pressing my hands to my belly, I searched for Max who had mastered the art of intrusion. My disappointment swelled. He was nowhere in sight.

What was I supposed to do now? How would I convince Bishop that "we" did not exist without hurting his feelings? That was the last thing I wanted to do! Sliding off the bed, I walked over to the mirror and peered at my face, partly as a stalling tactic, partly because I wondered if my jaw had improved at all. To my pleasant surprise, the swelling had decreased. It hurt like hell, but at least it wasn't too unsightly. I guess the frozen peas did the trick.

I turned back to find Bishop stretched out on his back across my bed, his intense gaze boring into me. Had it not been for Caden-and Fiona-I had to admit that I may have fallen for Bishop. I mean, there was nothing about him not to swoon over. From his thick mane of blond hair to his wide, full lips, always parted in a grin, no one could argue that he wasn't appealing. If his looks weren't enough, his easy charm that lit up rooms, that made people want to tail after him, surely was.

But he wasn't Caden.

I swallowed. "Bishop," I began. He bolted upright, flinching as he watched me intently. "Nothing's wrong. I just ... I don't know what's happening to me."

"Tell me how I can fix it. Let me fix it."

"You can't fix this ..." I interjected softly. "With this Tribe magic coursing through me, I'm feeling weird. Not myself at all." I was grasping at straws. "Something's changing inside me ..."

Pain flickered in Bishop's eyes. "For me? Your feelings for me?"

My head was shaking furiously, my heart throbbing as I continued the lie. How many times could a person's heart break in one day? "My feelings for you have not changed." That was the truth. They just weren't the feelings he thought I should have. And then it hit me. I did have the perfect excuse. The truth. "Any day, any moment, my touch will kill you." I delivered it with such clarity, with such conviction, without a waver or a stutter, there was no way he could think it was anything but real.

His face twisted. "What? Why?"

"Do you remember the Tribes?"

"Yeah, I remember them," he said. I struggled to keep the surprise from my face. What exactly did he remember?

It took me a minute to gain my composure. "I'm changing. Morphing. Can't you sense it?"

His chin furrowed. "Yeah, I can. Sofie said not to worry about it."

I couldn't stop my eye roll. "Every day, I'm a little bit more like Walking Death. If this continues, then a day will come-soon-when my touch will kill you. I can't bear that thought, Bishop. I'll die." My voice, cracking with emotion, carried the purity of truth with it. I would die if I killed him, or Amelie, or Caden. Even the thought produced a well of tears. "So we need to keep the physical contact at bay. Please. For me. For my sanity."

He groaned and flopped back into the bed, his hands flying to his face and sliding through his hair. "You're killing me here! I've been waiting a month for you to come back from the mountains!"

Again, I struggled to keep the shock from my face. If he didn't remember anything about F-her-during that month, what did he remember? "Yeah ... that's a long time. What were you doing during that time again?" I walked toward my dresser to pull out fresh clothes, trying to appear as casual as possible.

Bishop's arms folded around his chest, his words dry. "You know exactly what I was doing, Evangeline ... I didn't have a choice! I had to get over my bloodlust after I almost killed you!"

My feet froze mid-step. Bishop almost killed me ... not Caden. Bishop. Bishop waited for me while I was in the mountains ... not Caden. A theory formed in my mind. A dark, twisted theory that brought my level of disgust for these master puppeteer Fates to a new low. I turned on my heels and headed back over to the bed. I perched myself at the edge of the mattress, forcing a relaxed smile.

"Wasn't Ratheus simpler? Remember those days, swimming, fishing ... and that tunnel in the water we went through?"

A lazy grin stretched onto Bishop's face as he reminisced with me. "Yeah ... I remember that. We could have gone above ground, but it got you close to me." I held the smile on my face. I held it, even as it brawled with my emotions to slide off and allow shock and horror to take its place. The Fates had plagiarized Caden's memories and planted them in Bishop's mind! All of our private moments were now Bishop's memories. That meant ...

The air left my lungs in a rush as Bishop's eyes trailed the length of my thigh, up my arm, over my body, heat igniting within. Without thinking, I hunched my shoulders inward to protect myself from his appraisal. But ... how had they managed to contort his memories and erase Fi-her? I didn't dare even think her name. There had to be some disconnect, some complete fabrication in Bishop's poor lobotomized memories.

As curious as I was to find out, I knew that poking around in there was like punting a ticking time bomb. And I wasn't going to be the one to swing my leg. "We should go downstairs. Find out what's happening."

He nodded, reaching out to grasp my hand. I allowed the affection for a few seconds, not wanting to pull away too quickly. But eventually, I stood and shook his hand off. "We can't risk it, Bishop."

He nodded, a pout curving his lips downward. My throat closed up.

I walked over to my dresser while silently cursing the Fates for making me hurt him so. Then I remembered the alternative. Suck it up, Evie. You asked for this. You asked Sofie to fix him. Rifling through the top drawer to find a sweater and a pair of jeans, I turned to find Bishop still watching.

"Do you mind?" I asked, dipping my head toward the door.

"What?" he exclaimed, an appalled expression on his face.

My heart flipped, my cheeks burning. "It'd be less tempting for us both if you didn't watch." I turned my back to him and waited, unable to face his disappointment.

I finally heard the bed creak with the relief of his weight. "I'll be downstairs when you're ready," he mumbled, closing the door behind him.

***

A large crowd had congregated in the glass room. Twelve vampires, a Secret Sentinel member, two werewolves in human form, and four werebeasts, all talking over one another. This is my Christmas Eve. If the situation weren't so bleak, I may have laughed. But there was nothing to laugh about here. Lilly stood between Sofie and Mage, sharp, wary eyes like a cat secured on Viggo. I noticed her shifting her weight from one foot to the other, appearing torn between bolting for freedom and leaping over the furniture to attack.

Lilly's group squabbled with Mortimer; Amelie was in the midst of a heated arm-waving conversation with Ivan, likely over her earlier deception. Julian stood next to the bookshelf with his arms crossed. His lips were moving. I figured he was having a one-way conversation with Max, who sat beside him. I had to assume Amelie hadn't succeeded in her quest earlier. That was one shred of good news. Still, I needed to warn him ...

Max's brothers stood like sentries around the room, equidistant apart and appearing disinterested, though I knew they were far from it. Viggo sat in an armchair next to the fire, amusement on his face and poker in hand, a favorite position of his, I was beginning to learn. He caught me studying him and he smirked. I briefly pictured driving the hot poker through his eye, but I knew I'd have to get in line behind Lilly.

All in all, it was a regular supernatural circus.

I found Caden leaning against a window, watching the scene unfold, a crooked smile on his face. When he saw me, he nodded his chin, gesturing me over. Though I wanted to skip across the room, I moved slowly to check for Bishop. Thankfully, he was nowhere in sight.

"How are you feeling?" Caden lifted my chin with a finger to get a better look at my jaw. "The swelling's gone down."

Just his touch had me beaming like an idiot, only to wince in pain a second later. "Yeah, I'll be fine." Suddenly, the room quieted. I turned to find everyone staring at me, as if they had just noticed my entrance.

"The turmoil inside her is unnerving," Lilly said, with a curious flash in her blue irises. Beside her, Mage nodded in agreement.

My skin prickled, knowing the entire room was now trying to break through my magical shell to see what kind of mess existed underneath. I couldn't help but thank the Tribe's magic for shielding me from the scrutiny. I'd never have been able to hide all these deadly secrets without it.

"It's more than that, though." Sofie frowned. "Do you sense it?" When no one answered, she looked to Mage, asking in a more insistent voice. "Do you? Do you feel that strange ... pull around her?"

Panic rolled inside of me. "Pull? Magic? What does that mean? Sofie?"

Sofie didn't answer, her full attention on Mage who studied me. I averted my gaze to Caden, to the ground, to the tree, to anything that would make me feel like I wasn't standing naked on a stage.

Mage finally answered, shaking her head. "I don't, but ... that doesn't mean you don't. It could have something to do with your magic."

I looked back at Sofie in time to see the fear sweep across her face. "I don't know. It's likely nothing ..."

"I haven't gone deaf, you know! And your reaction is not 'nothing,' Sofie. Stop talking about me like I'm not here, and tell me what you're thinking, damn it!" I said. "I'm sick of you guys sweeping these Tribal magic consequences under the rug! Tell me if I'm going to turn into a hideous monster! Tell me if I'm going to kill everyone I love with a touch!" I was shouting now and I didn't care. "I'm tired of waiting! I'm tired of wondering! I'm-"

"I don't know, Evangeline!" Sofie shouted back, her voice cracking. She didn't sound angry. No, she was weary and afraid and ... drained. The room fell silent, its occupants watching the two of us teeter on the edges of our own nervous breakdowns. I felt a hand slip over mine, close over it, clasp it tightly.

"Your touch can't kill me yet," Caden offered soothingly. When I couldn't return his smile, he pulled me to his chest, his one hand sliding up under my hair to cup my neck.

"Bishop..." I whispered.

He smiled softly. "I'll watch for him." That's all the reassurance I needed. I burrowed my face into the ridges of Caden's chest and inhaled his heavenly scent wishing everything else in the world away but this moment.

"See? I told you ... rage!" Amelie said. "She went all crazy on the guy at the store before too. Pulled a knife on him. I was sure-"

I spun around to throw fiery daggers at Amelie, my cheeks blazing. Of all times to expose my earlier psychotic behavior, this was not that time. Amelie immediately clamped her mouth shut, having the decency to look away.

"Continue, please ... Kait," Mortimer spoke then. He sounded unimpressed that my entrance had thrown such a wrench into their conversation.

"They've infiltrated the army, the government, the police ..." Kait went on. "We believe their army is in the tens of thousands. We have yet to locate their main stations. I don't know how many of them I've coerced to talk. We get bits and pieces of info but nothing terribly useful. We know they operate in sleeper cells. We've found a larger presence in certain areas-Rome, Israel, England ..." Veronique had mentioned England. "They're so tightly connected, their reach so close to deadly force. We can't just storm them, Mortimer. Attacking one contingent is setting a chain reaction that you want to avoid."

"And it would trigger that chain reaction, without a doubt," Mage interjected.

"Well, that scene today didn't help matters," Mortimer scoffed, adding, "seeing a child rip seven full grown men out of a van and snap their necks has people asking questions."

"Bishop and I went out to compel the reporters and witnesses. We confiscated their phones as well. Everything we could think of. It's hard in a viral world," Mage acknowledged. "Someone's personal pictures or video will surface in the next few days."

"What else would you suggest I do?" Lilly asked with indignation. "Had I not acted quickly, I assure you that you'd never have seen her again." I felt Caden's fists tighten their grip on my sweater.

A brief moment of silence. "And what about that witch? Did you get anything from her?" Mortimer asked Kait.

"Nothing but moans and a mess. We won't be getting any more from her."

I shuddered, visions of Kait in a full leather outfit standing over a table with sharp, scary tools and a sadistic grin too scary to focus long on.

Mortimer took a seat on one of the couches. "Today's attack, coupled with the events from New York, is leading right into this war whether we like it or not. The blood bank and that debacle at the night club is old news. These new gruesome attacks, though, care of your friend Jonah ..." Mortimer's head shook with disgust.

Mage's mouth twisted as if she had bitten into a lemon. "Yes, he's certainly leading it, but ... there's too much going on to be just him."

"So he's made others," Sofie acknowledged.

"Yes, he's building his army. Against me," Mage answered smoothly. Her next words sent a cold shiver down my spine, solidifying in my memory that as nice as she may seem, she was still the most lethal of killers. "He knows I'm coming for him soon."

"When will that be exactly? He needs to be dealt with, and quickly," Viggo piped in from his corner, outside of the conversation. "I'd be happy to do that."

"That means you'll be leaving for home immediately?" Lilly chirped without missing a beat.

Viggo answered with another of his evil grins. "What a grudge you hold, little Leelee."

I never thought I'd see a vampire's face burn red hot, but there it was-Lilly, as crimson as a fire engine, her claws clenching and unclenching as she glared murderously at her father figure. I couldn't lie. I'd be happy if Viggo stood and waved goodbye right this instant. The further away he was from us, the safer we all were.

"We don't have a home anymore," Mortimer reminded everyone.

Someone singing at the top of their lungs disrupted the group again. Caden's arms dropped from my body and he took a step back. Sure enough, a tall, lean body rounded the corner with a relaxed gait and a bottle in his fist. Stopping to take in the atmosphere, he grimaced.

"Well, this looks like loads of fun ... it's Christmas Eve!" he yelled.

"I see you've found the wine cellar," Sofie said as he took a long, sloppy swig from his bottle. "I believe that's port. It's meant to be a digestif, not for guzzling."

"What can I say ... it's going down well!" He took another lazy drink, earning a giggle from Amelie and an eye roll from Kait.

Like a wolf with a newborn calf in its jaws, Mortimer yanked the topic back to task. "So then, where should we attack first?" The word attack sparked a new flurry of debate, full of shouts and vehement objections. Back to chaos. I sighed, silently wishing I could sneak off and hide in my room. With Caden ...

Bishop caught my eye then. He smiled and winked, holding the bottle in front of him in an offering gesture. "Wash away your worries with me."

I stood frozen to the ground, unsure of what to do, unwilling to leave Caden's side but afraid to continue rejecting Bishop's efforts. When raw pain flashed across Bishop's face, I realized I had waited too long. My waffling was tearing him apart. I felt a gentle nudge on the small of my back-Caden's hand prodding me forward-and I knew I had no choice. Forcing a smile onto my face, I stiffly walked over to Bishop.

"Looks like you're not going to kill me just yet," he whispered softly, holding his arm out.

"I'm not." I hooked my arm within his, assuming that's what I was supposed to do. It felt strange. It felt awkward. It felt all kinds of wrong, all the more so with Caden standing behind me. Casually tossing my hair over my shoulder, I stole a peek at Caden. Nothing but stone on that beautiful face of his. Nothing to give away his thoughts. I needed to be strong like that. For Bishop, for Caden, for me. With a deep inhale, I turned back with a giant smile for Bishop's benefit.

"Let's blow this popsicle stand!" he joked, towing me out of the glass room and into calmer territory. I knew that with each step forward, I was moving deeper into the charade, deeper into the deception, deeper into the world that I was not made for and yet was being molded to. Lies, treachery, false relationships. I wasn't a victim of it anymore. I was now a contributor, a key contributor, some may argue. I didn't think it possible and yet I could feel my intestines tighten into stronger knots.

Suddenly, the sight of that bottle in Bishop's hand, the urge to drown my worries, overpowered me. I yanked it from his grasp.

"Whoa, there, little one," Bishop laughed. I answered by bringing the bottle to my lips and tilting it back. Sickly sweet syrup poured down my throat, its flavor so potent that I cringed. I forced it down and took another long draw for good measure, impatiently waiting for the numbness to take hold.

"No one's going to let you step foot off this property but we can at least go for a walk around here, okay?" Bishop asked. With a tiny noise of approval, I checked behind me and started with relief when I saw both Max and Caden shadowing us. I thanked them with a smile. In my peripheral vision, I saw Julian and Amelie trailing behind, arm in arm. My smile grew bigger. They were my friends. They wouldn't make me go through this alone. We would face this together.

The six of us sauntered down the empty halls. "You're still acting weird, Evie," Bishop whispered, worry dampening the joy in his eyes. Unsure of how to deny it, I said nothing, biding my time with another long gulp of port. Bishop seemed more concerned about me falling out of love with him than about me turning into a yellow-eyed demon that would kill him. It just went to show how important it was to keep up pretenses.

"Don't worry, Evie ... I'll give you your space, like you asked." Bishop stared ahead but when I turned to peer at him, I caught the trademark grin. "That is, unless you come on to me."

Burgundy liquid shot out of my mouth and nose as I choked, splashing the pristine white walls. My cheeks skipped hot and went straight to "on fire." I instantly knew what he was referring to. That first night with Caden, after he had professed his true feelings for me, he had teased me, saying that I had attacked him. Damn those Fates for plucking the most intimate of personal moments and perverting them.

Bishop buckled over, laughing. "Nice art, Evie. Sofie's gonna love that." With the quickest peck on my cheek, he took off ahead of us, grabbing a mask off a suit of armor and placing it on his head. He raced down the hall, filling the air with maniacal laughter.

"Was he always this crazy?" Amelie giggled as I wiped some of the port off my chin.

Crazy. That's a good word, Max echoed. I said nothing, hugging the bottle to my chest, its warm burn now trickling through my body, reaching out like tentacles to dissolve my worries. I could get used to this feeling. Then I could add alcoholism to my list of issues. Fantastic ...

Caden sidled up behind me-not too close-and ushered me on with a gentle squeeze of my hip, sending lightning bolts of yearning through me. I so desperately wanted to turn and throw myself into his chest but I couldn't. It was too risky to this whole twisted illusion. I couldn't let Bishop know who really owned my heart. So I simply soaked up his eyes. Pure torture ...

We continued down the hall in silence, passing by the panoramic view of the courtyard, all of us lost in our own thoughts and worries. Rounding the corner, I walked smack into a waiting, grinning Bishop, his mask pushed to sit on top of his head, a fresh bottle of port in his hands.

This spot ... again. That same eerie familiarity from before set my hair on end, just as it had the first night. In this exact spot. This couldn't be mere coincidence ... I felt my brow furrow deeply-focusing was becoming a bother, thanks to the port-as I studied our surroundings, looking for clues. The pictures, the statues, the lights, the floor, the door ...

The door?

I blinked repeatedly and then squinted. Yup. It was still there. A single red door behind Bishop. "That door wasn't there before." I stepped closer to it.

"What door, Evie?" Bishop asked slowly, as if speaking to a child who insisted there were monsters under her bed.

"This door!" I exclaimed, pointing to it matter-of-factly. His head moved from me to the door to me again, a weird quirk bending his brow.

"Maybe you should slow down on the booze ... port doesn't normally make people hallucinate."

Hallucinate? No ... I frowned. There was no way. My free hand flew out ahead of me, gesturing angrily at the door that could not possibly be missed. "The red door. It's right here!" Still, Bishop's expression didn't change. Looking to the others, I saw the same concerned expressions.

"Bishop's right about laying off the port for a bit, Eve," Julian echoed.

"I'm fine!" I snapped. "I'm not seeing things. It's right here!" I looked back to where my hand was pointing, my finger only inches away from the red paint. Sure enough, it was still there. A bright red door with a brass door handle that hadn't been there before. I was sure of it. Are they playing a joke on me? I reached forward, my hand feeling the smooth metal handle. "See?"

"No, we don't see, Evie. Quit it! You're starting to freak me out!" Bishop said.

A door that no one but me could see ... this involved magic.

It had to be Sofie's work, and the fact that I could see it had to do with the Tribe's magic. I was undoing her magic again. I could see beyond whatever spell she had cast.

But what could Sofie be hiding behind a secret door in Nathan's chateau that she didn't want anyone to know about? What would happen if I dared venture past ... could I even? What would be waiting beyond it? Visions of a three-headed serpent in a dark pit flashed into my head. My curiosity quickly pushed it away, unwilling to believe Sofie would have need for such an abomination, desperate to know exactly what she did have need for.

Before I could change my mind, my hand molded over the doorknob, sending prickles through my spine. I turned the knob and heard the click of the door catch releasing.

"Oh my ..." Amelie gasped as I stepped across the threshold. There were no dark gray concrete walls and cell bars, no pit, nor were there chains holding back a three-headed demon. It was someone's living quarters. Normal living quarters, a little on the luxurious side. Rich brown and gray textures and colors called this out as a masculine residence. The only odd thing about the entire space was the lack of windows. A hall stretched off the opposite side of the room. Maybe there were windows down there.

Bishop accidently stepped on my heels as he followed me in. I barely noticed. "Are you seeing this?"

"Yep ..." he answered, dumbfounded.

"Told you there was a door," I added with smug satisfaction.

A subtle breeze behind me, followed by a light pinch of my elbow, warned me that Caden had entered. He surveyed the area. "Maybe we shouldn't be in here."

Max's long snout appeared in my periphery. "Who's Sofie hiding in here, Max?" I demanded to know.

I have no idea.

"Right. Since when don't you have the 4-1-1 on everything?" I gave him a doubtful glare. "You're lying."

I swear it! I'm as baffled as you. His nostrils flared. Looks like it's empty. Whatever was here smells like it died long ago.

"That makes no sense. Why would Sofie be hiding an empty room? And why the lit fire?" Above the mantle hung a painting of Sofie in the arms of a handsome dark-haired man. There was only one man it could be. "Is that Nathan?" I asked.

Yup. They made a nice couple, didn't they?

"Yeah." I wandered forward, Caden and Bishop in tow. Running a finger along a stack of magazines, I pulled it back and found a thick layer of dust coating my skin. The couch cushion had a worn spot in the center, as if someone had sat there for so long that his or her body imprinted into it. Someone had certainly lived here at some point.

"Who are you?" a voice suddenly called out, startling everyone, including Caden. I whipped my head around to find a man standing in the doorway of the hallway. I gasped.

It was the same face from the painting.

10. The Past, Resurrected-Evangeline

"Nath-an," I sputtered in a gasp, my words half caught in my throat, any alcohol-induced buzz vanishing. "H-H-How?" As if the sound of my voice triggered a switch, Nathan's eyes fastened onto my face, his head cocking to one side in a form of recognition. Icy cold slithered through my entire body. This had to be Nathan but ...

With a wary eye on him, I strained to glance back at the painting. Same face, same nose, same hair, same ... no. I blinked several times. Rich dark chocolate orbs gazed down at me from the wall. Shifting my full attention back to the live Nathan, I recoiled under the cold, washed-out slate color, the irises too large to be normal. Even more odd, those oversized irises reflected everything like mirrors-the dark leather couches, the flickering flames, me.

"Evangeline," he said in a monotonous drone, his face showing no expression, his voice lacking definition. Nothing but emptiness. A rod of panic shot through my spine. He knows my name.

He wasted no time. With robotic movements, Nathan began moving toward me, his focus glued to my face. A low growl to my side warned me that Max was ready to pounce.

"Evangeline," Caden whispered through clenched teeth, his tone cutting, "move back ... now."

I couldn't move, though, so transfixed was I by those blue mirror balls, as if they had lassoed and were now wrangling me in, gripping me tightly. This wasn't like being compelled. No ... those eyes were consuming me. I felt him etching my face into his mind. Worse, that eerie familiarity from outside in the hall now swarmed me with renewed intensity as he neared.

I barely saw what happened next. Max leapt for Nathan's throat, growling and snapping as I had never seen him do before.

"No!" I shrieked, realizing that Max would kill him. Caden wrenched me away, throwing me into Amelie's waiting arms. A canine yelp of pain froze all of us in our tracks, turning my blood to ice. We turned to find Max lying motionless on the ground. "No," I whispered breathlessly, my knees buckling, reaching desperately for my guardian. With Max out of the way, Nathan wasted no time continuing toward us. Toward me.

Bishop dove in next, a crazed determination on his face. Without a glimmer of concern , Nathan's arm swiftly moved up to block the attack, his large hand wrapping around Bishop's neck. What happened next, I couldn't explain if I wanted to. Already pale, I watched Bishop's face turn a pallid ashen color and tighten up, as if Nathan was leeching out the life that kept him immortal. Once done, Nathan tossed Bishop's limp, withered body to the side.

"No!" Both Amelie and I shrieked in unison. My heart stopped. What had Nathan done? Was he Walking Death now too? Is this what I was doomed to become?

With desperation, I searched Bishop for signs of life. His left knee twitched. Like nerves in a freshly killed body. Was he dead? Was Max? Had Nathan just killed them in front of me? I stood frozen, watching Nathan continue closing the distance. Sucking in, I curled into myself, cowering. Amelie's fingers tightened around my arms, her own tension channeling through me like a live wire.

But then those blue mirrors flickered off me, moving to my left. To Caden.

I froze, seeing Caden's jaw set with resolve, his body swaying as he positioned himself, getting ready to attack.

Getting ready to die.

In the blink of an eye-because I had opened the door that Sofie didn't want anyone opening-I was about to lose everyone. Dread, guilt, and desperation boiled over inside me, charging my limbs with newfound strength, electrifying my body until I could almost see sparks shooting from my skin's surface.

No ... no ... no! I couldn't allow this. I wouldn't allow this. I would fight. "Stop!" I screamed, struggling to break free of Amelie's viselike grip.

"You can't, Evie." Her fingers dug into my forearms.

"Let me go, Amelie!" I roared. Rage ignited those mental sparks into a fiery blue flame as I battled her impossible strength. Suddenly, Amelie was crumbling back with a howl of pain, her grip on me loosened. In the back of my mind, I knew it was something I had done to her but at that moment, I didn't care. I cared about one thing only.

I dove forward, hurtling my body in front of Caden to create a barrier before he knew what was happening. "You will not kill him!" I screamed, fists clenched at my sides, bracing myself for whatever agony Nathan was about to serve.

Nathan's mirror balls snapped to mine and he halted. We watched each other, face to face, two feet of space between us, two feet keeping me from becoming a corpse. I watched without breathing, waiting for that deadly hand to reach up and sap life out of me.

But instead, Nathan did something I could not have expected. No one could have expected. He dropped to his knees and leaned forward, so low that his forehead reached the floor, inches away from my feet. "As you command. I am here to serve and protect you, my Evangeline."

I instinctively backed away. I only made it two steps before I slammed into Caden's rigid body. When I looked back over my shoulder at him, I found shock staring back.

"What the hell did you do to Max and Bishop?" Amelie hissed, stepping forward, one hand on Julian's chest to keep him behind her. I noticed her hunched over slightly, as if wounded. Again, that nagging voice in the back of my mind told me I was the cause her discomfort, but I had no time to concern myself. Nathan's head lifted mechanically, blue mirror balls shifting to her, the vacuous glare in them enough to give any vampire pause.

"Is she a threat to you, Evangeline?" His leg shifted to get up, not moving his focus from her.

A threat. A threat he needed to immobilize or kill, like he had Max and Bishop? My hands flew out in front of me in surrender. "No!" I shrieked, my voice cracking. I adjusted my tone to one more tranquil. "She is my friend. They are all my friends."

As if my words provided verification, his focus shifted back to me, losing interest in Amelie.

A whirl of movement pulled all of our attention to the corner of the room where Max and Bishop last lay. Max was back on four paws, his black body stretching out. Beside him, a normal-looking Bishop also stood. "Oh, thank God," I whispered, crumbling against Caden. Nathan hadn't killed them after all. Yet.

Max's low snarl gave me enough warning to stop a second round. "Max! No! It's okay!"

No, it's not, he growled, sauntering forward, choosing his path of assault.

"It is, Max! Please, just stay back until we sort this out."

With a snort, Max leaned back on his haunches, letting out little snarls and growls to let everyone in the room know he wasn't pleased.

"Bishop?"

Bishop didn't answer me as he was too busy glowering at Nathan's back with equal parts shock, anger, and awe. Nathan didn't even bat a lifeless eye at them, focused on me as he stood.

"Why are you in here?" I asked him. Something told me this was not Sofie's Nathan, that this had to be some form of alien impostor.

"I am here to protect you."

"Are you Nathan?" Caden's voice was level and calm, his suspicions matching my own.

Nathan stared blankly at us as if trying to translate what Caden was asking. "I do not understand," he finally confirmed.

Again, I peered at Caden over my shoulder. He shrugged.

"Damn it, Evangeline!" A shout turned me around to the doorway just as a red mane rushed by, her face a mask of shock and rage as if I had committed a calculated crime. A crowd of spectators-Mage, Lilly, and her gang-packed the entrance, peering at Nathan with their own mixture of curiosity and aversion.

"I didn't ... mean to," I stumbled over my words, heat burning my cheeks. Liar! I knew. I knew as my hand closed over that brass doorknob that this door would open part of a world Sofie had worked hard to bury. I knew, and I busted it down, anyway.

Perfectly manicured hands raised to cover her face, her fingertips pressing down on her eyelids. "You broke the spell ... I should have known you would break the spell." Her arms flopped to her side, her anger fading into defeat. She turned to cast a wary eye on the man in Nathan's body, only managing a few seconds before flinching, her gaze dropping to the floor, her eyes squeezing shut as if stabbed by a jolt of pain.

Nathan looked past her, as if she was not important. As if she hadn't been the love of his life. As if he had no clue who she was. "Are they a threat to you, Evangeline?" he asked again, his focus now on the crowd at the door.

"No." To Sofie, I whispered in a harsh tone, "Why does he keep asking me that?"

Sofie's mouth opened to answer but Mortimer and Viggo's sudden entrance distracted us. "Good lord, Sofie!" Mortimer boomed in horror as he stared at Nathan. "Just when I thought you couldn't bring about more catastrophe, here we are. What on earth have you done now?"

Sofie's shoulders visibly sagged, her entire being a lifeless sack. She didn't speak at first, her mouth opening and closing a few times, searching for words. "It was a mistake," she whispered hoarsely.

"Are they a threat to you, Evangeline?" Nathan asked, yet again, blue mirrors casting their judgment on Viggo and Mortimer. He didn't recognize them, either.

I hesitated slightly before saying no, casting a sidelong look at Viggo. He responded with a sneer, surely realizing my wavering. This could work to my advantage. If this Nathan thing could do to Viggo what he had just done to Bishop-and make it permanent-there'd be a few happy people in the room ...

"And what exactly is this thing?" Viggo asked, his nose curled in disgust as one might if looking at road kill. If it bothered Nathan, I couldn't tell. He appeared unfazed by everyone's reactions.

Sofie seemed unable to speak.

"This isn't Nathan," I finally said into the silence.

"Nathan is dead," came Sofie's hollow response.

"Well, he certainly looks an awful lot like-" Amelie began.

"It's not Nathan!" Sofie shrieked, spinning on her heels, looking ready to lunge at Amelie. But then, as if catching herself, she froze, her hands flying to her mouth, her slender fingers intertwined to clamp over her lips. An oppressive weight lowered onto the room like heavy smog. I noticed Mage and Mortimer exchange looks of worry. I knew what they were thinking.

Sofie was finally crumbling.

No one spoke. No one moved. We all gave her a moment to collect herself. When her hands lifted from her mouth, she was our normal, composed Sofie again. "Everyone ... meet Wraith."

"How appropriate ...," Bishop muttered dryly, pushing his hand through the back of his hair as he stepped to claim the area to my left.

"Wraith ...," I said, raking my brain for its definition. I remembered hearing that word before. "Isn't that, like, a ghost?"

I felt Caden's strong fingers curl around my elbow, pulling me ever so slightly closer to him but not to be too noticeable to anyone watching. To Bishop. The creature named Wraith didn't miss the contact, though, those creepy eyes shifting from Caden's hand to his face.

"Evangeline, I advise you not to get close to that one. He is capable of causing fatal injury to you."

"What the-" Caden exploded, stepping forward, rage twisting his face. I was sure I was going to witness Wraith attack Caden after all. But Sofie soared in to intercept, her arms out to create an obstacle between the two of them.

"Stop, Caden. It's all right. Please. I'll explain ..."

I watched in horror as Wraith's hand lifted and clamped onto Sofie's forearm like a steel manacle. Sofie's beautiful face withered to a shriveled shell, her cheeks going sallow, the pulsating intensity in her irises dwindling. Dying.

There was no doubt. He was sapping the life right out of her.

"Stop it, Wraith!" I shrieked, diving forward to grab hold of his arm with both of my hands, ready to yank or bite or rake it free. Whatever I had to do. There was no need, though. The steel manacle popped open at my command. With quicker reflexes than I believed I had, I dove to my knees to catch Sofie's head as she collapsed to the ground. I held my breath as I cradled her-so frail and helpless and hideous in that moment-waiting frantically for her to return to her radiant self.

"Why would you do that to her?" I demanded, looking up through a veil of tears to see guiltless mirrors watching me. "This is Sofie! Don't you get it?"

"You weren't supposed to find this room." My head jerked down as I heard Sofie's raspy gasp. Her creamy complexion had returned, her skin plumping as I watched. With a hand on her back, I helped her into a sitting position. "I never wanted to bring you here." Slowly, awkwardly, using my shoulders as support, she rose to her feet and stumbled away from me, pushing past everyone to rush out of the room as if the air in it was suffocating her.

I followed, shoving through the throng at the door. My elbow rammed the terrifying Kait's rock-hard abdomen, but I didn't flinch. My hand pushed against Viggo's chest without a thought. Outside in the hallway, I found my maternal vampiress buckled over and holding her chest, slouching against the wall opposite the door in the hallway. Shattered.

"Is he going to hurt us, Sofie?" I asked tentatively.

Gradually, she stood. Terror seized my heart as I took in the hollow, lost gaze. The look of defeat.

Sofie was giving up.

Sofie couldn't give up. She was my rock. She was the one who kept assuring me everything would be okay. If she gave up ... Blood rushed to my ears as my internal panic exploded.

Finally, Sofie shook her head. "No ... yes and no."

What did that mean? "What is he?" I asked as softly as I could. "Is he like the Tribe? Is that what their touch does?" Is that what my touch will do?

Her vacuous stare shifted past me. I turned to follow it, finding everyone now out in the hall, the crowd parted to allow Nathan prime view from his position in the room. That, and I'm sure no one was in any rush to get close to him.

"No ... he's far worse," she whispered, adding with a hiss, "courtesy of the Fates." Sickness roiled inside me. The Fates. I couldn't win with them. No one could. "He is immune to all forms of magic. He takes life with a touch if he so chooses. His touch is not lethal unless he wants it to be. He usually does ..." Her face twisted into a sardonic smile. "He is the ultimate protection for you. He is exactly what I asked for. Unstoppable, unkillable, untraceable. He's dead. He is death."

"You asked for this?" I studied this creature peering out at me with patience-his face, his hands, his stature. Everything about him appeared human. Everything identical to the painting above the mantle. Except for those eyes. And those eyes held his secret. Those hollow orbs of death. He was the grim reaper. Here to take life.

"And did you ask that he look like Nathan?" I said without thinking.

"Of course not!" Another shriek, another crack in her damaged armor.

I wasn't sure if it was the wine or the situation, but the sconces were suddenly wobbling and swaying. I balanced myself against the wall. The weight of two hands instantly landed on my shoulders, one on the left shoulder, one on the right. Two hands that belonged to two different vampires. Bishop and Caden. I glanced up in time to see a silent look pass between them, Caden's of mock apology, Bishop's a mix of confusion and appreciation.

Caden quickly stepped away, allowing Bishop full ownership of me. He claimed it quickly, leaning in to ask with genuine concern, "You okay?" I tried to smile and felt my nostrils flare and my lip curl in a sneer.

Turning back to Sofie, a new question sparked in my mind. "And why did you have him hidden here, then? If he's only here to protect me?"

Sofie stared back at me like horns had sprouted from my forehead. "Seriously, Evangeline? You need to ask? I couldn't have him running loose in the streets! With what he can do? He will kill anyone he deems a threat to you. That could be the man who looks too long at you, or the driver of a car who's speeding past you or someone who's merely having a bad day. Anyone! I didn't want to expose you to him until I needed to. Evangeline-he is like an unstoppable plague."

"And what an added bonus for you that this plague looks exactly like your one true love. My, my, the Fates never tire of punishing you ..." Viggo delivered the low blow from his new spot halfway down the hall-as far away as possible from this new enemy while still bearing witness.

If looks could disembowel, I was sure Viggo would be scooping up twenty feet of innards from the floor. I wished Sofie would attack him. Zap him dead with bolts of fire from her fingers. Hell, I was six words from siccing Wraith on him, ordering him to bring Viggo to his knees long enough so I could set fire to him myself. But Sofie only squeezed her eyes shut.

"I couldn't have him roaming free so I confined him here. I spelled these quarters to disguise the door and the windows. All the exits. This is the only world that Wraith knows." Another bitter smile. "The Fates allowed me that much control, at least. I could control him to some degree until he saw you, until he completed the connection. Now ... I am nothing more than a potential threat to you ..." Her voice drifted off, her words hollow.

The connection ... those times I'd passed by this spot, before I could see the door. That familiarity, that pull-it was the connection the Fates had forged between the two of us, beckoning me. And because the Tribe's magic coursing through me strengthened each day, morphed each day, it finally broke the barrier keeping us apart. The illusion masking the door. It was all making sense now ...

"I thought there was something missing in this hallway," Mortimer mused, his brow furrowed in deep thought, his fingers rubbing his chin as he studied the door. Now that I had passed through it, I supposed it was visible to everyone.

"Will he just ... attack people? For no reason?" I asked.

Sofie heaved a heavy sigh. "He knows his mission is to protect you. While the connection wasn't complete, he was relatively harmless. He just ... sat in that room. He doesn't sleep, he doesn't eat, he doesn't need entertainment. He is here for one reason and one reason only. To protect you. Always. Until you no longer need protecting."

"No longer ...," I repeated, frowning.

"Until you die." The words, delivered with all the sympathy and warmth that Sofie could muster, still turned my blood icy cold.

"So ... that means ..."

"Wraith will be with you for the rest of your natural life, whether it be seventy years or seventy minutes. He's bound to you forever." Forever. Such a long time. Or not. But as long I lived, Nathan's life-sucking ghost would trail me. And that meant I would carry around a constant reminder of Sofie's lost love, knifing her in the heart daily with his indifference. Being with me would cause her more pain. Soon, she'd be forced to abandon me. How else would she survive this? Shards of pain splintered through my heart. Nothing seemed to be going Sofie's way.

"He will attack anything he feels is a threat to you, Evangeline. Anything at all. Nothing can harm him. Vampires, werebeasts-he will leech our strength from us with a touch, weaken us until we can't fight back, or simply kill us. Mortal beings ... they will die." Sofie's eyes darted behind me. "Stay far away from him, Julian. I can't fix you if he decides you're a threat." Julian nodded soberly, giving me a sympathetic smile as Amelie's arms enveloped him. Sofie went on. "And he can sense danger. He can dig into a person's soul, read their evil intentions. Therein lies the danger, Evangeline. He won't always ask you before he reacts. He may act on his own assessments of a person, of their danger to you."

I glanced haphazardly at Wraith and then at Caden. He is capable of causing fatal injury to you. That's what Wraith said. That's what he dug out of Caden.

Caden was already shaking his head, distress evident on his face. "I don't ... I wouldn't ... not anymore!"

"He sees it in all of us," Mage explained. "We are all capable of hurting her. She is human and it is in our DNA to kill her. Don't take it personally."

Awkward silence hung over the entire group until Sofie simply turned and left, half stumbling, dejected, down the hall. When she reached the doors out to the courtyard, I heard her call out, "Don't worry. Wraith will not harm Evangeline."

I almost didn't catch her last words. I wish I hadn't. "He'll protect her from all of us." And then she was pushing through the doors, disappearing into the wintry outside, leaving a horde of supernaturals and Julian and me alone with this new unstoppable creature. My newest curse.

"Well ... on that note." Viggo's shoes slid against the floor as he stole down the hall. "Now that our fearless leader has given her permission, I'll be happy to go deal with a certain blood-sucking mutant." Sofie must have released them from their leash while we were roaming the halls and getting drunk. Viggo wasn't wasting any time for good reason. If Wraith bothered to poke around in his soul-or whatever existed inside him-he'd find enough evil intent to decide to permanently affix himself to Viggo's arm. He was Contender Number One in the "Threat to Eve" department, and if Viggo couldn't kill Wraith, as he had every other threat to him-Lilly's mom included-he would need to keep as far away as possible.

"Mortimer ...?" he called.

Mortimer couldn't seem to peel his focus off Wraith, though, a distant grief tugging at his face. For once, I knew exactly what he was thinking. What would it be like to have Veronique turned into a wraith? To have her soul sucked out, her beauty marred, to have her look through him, not recognize him, not love him. It would be enough to break any of us, and Sofie had to live it.

When Viggo appeared in front of Mortimer's face to rudely snap his fingers under his nose, Mortimer slammed Viggo's hand away with such force that it sent Viggo back a few steps. "I heard you!" With a head bow to the rest of us, Mortimer walked away.

And that's when it finally dawned on me. "You guys are going back to New York?" Closer to discovering Veronique's predicament, if you catch and interrogate someone? Another wave of lightheadedness swarmed me. Bishop's hands found their place on my elbows, steadying me.

"Someone has to clean up the mess! You children have fun here ... with that!" Viggo called out over his shoulder, strolling away.

"Remember Sofie's caveat, Viggo. Stay away from the witches!" Mage warned. "As long as they're in there, they're not causing us issues." When Viggo didn't answer, she looked to Mortimer. "Be the sensible one, please."

He nodded. "We can't get in there, even if we want to. The witches have reinstated the Merth boundary and the entries are heavily guarded. My human spies have tried and failed several times already."

"What'd they tell you?" The words tumbled out of my mouth in a rush before I could stop myself, too eager to know. Of course Mortimer was already snooping. But did he have any idea about Veronique?

He fixed me with a flat look. "Nothing. They're all dead." I listened to his heavy footsteps as he marched down the hallway after Viggo.

Slowly, cautiously, I exhaled in relief. They didn't know yet. When they did find out, they couldn't ever know that I knew. That I was lying. Never! They could never know how I was betraying them. If they did ... an allegiance ten times over wouldn't keep Viggo from snapping my body in two. I would wound Mortimer, an idea I realized troubled me more than death at Viggo's hands. They can never find out. I must beg silence from Veronique.

"Lilly, Sofie would like you and your group to accompany them to New York and deal with Jonah," Mage said, again her authoritative self. "It's getting out of control. We need the issue eradicated and I don't know that the two of them are enough." What was happening in New York? What did "getting out of control" mean?

Lilly paused and regarded Mage coldly. "I don't take orders from you." When she looked over to me, she instantly warmed. "Is that what you would like me to do, Evangeline?"

"Uh ..." She's asking me? What was I supposed to say? Should I even trust her? This allegiance thing was unsettling. My eyes darted between Lilly-such an unassuming, unthreatening child vampire-to Mage-the all-powerful, ancient vampire-quietly analyzing every detail of her surroundings. If Sofie was already giving Lilly orders, then she must trust her allegiance to me. That was my answer. I needed to trust her.

"If Sofie said so, then yes, Lilly. She knows better about these things than I do."

Lilly answered with a curt but respectable nod of acceptance.

Lilly was going to New York. Lilly who had pledged her allegiance to me. Lilly, who would do as I asked. This was my only chance ... "I need to speak to Lilly for a brief moment, alone."

Lilly didn't miss a beat. "Get our things ready, please, Kait." Kait and the others marched away without question.

My side wasn't so obedient. "Please?" No one moved. "Alone!" It came out in a bark.

"God! Give a girl a wraith and some crazy powers and she thinks she runs the show ..." Amelie muttered. Crazy powers ...? She stuck her tongue out at me at the same time as she hooked arms with Julian, dragging him away, seemingly recovered from whatever had hurt her before. No, not whatever, Evie. You. You hurt her. After I dealt with Wraith, and with Lilly, I'd find out what I had done to her.

My demands hadn't moved the rest of them. Caden's mouth opened and then clamped shut with a furtive look at Bishop. He was trying not to appear too possessive but he was dying to argue with me. I wouldn't give him a chance. I wouldn't give any of them a chance.

"Leave now!" Manners were useless with them.

"I'll go check on Sofie." Mage's dark eyes drifted in the direction of the courtyard. "This must be ... difficult for her. And keep Wraith away from Julian," she reminded. "He won't bounce back to life like the rest of you." With that, she quietly walked to the same door Sofie had all but stumbled out.

"We'll be around the corner if you need us. Just holler," Bishop said, throwing a warning glare at Lilly.

Are you about to do something stupid and get yourself into trouble? Seeing as that's your usual MO these days, Max asked. He still hadn't forgiven me for my earlier escape. I'd have to make it up to him. But not now.

"How can I possibly do something stupid? I have Death chaperoning me. I think I'm good."

Max sauntered away with a snort, leaving Lilly and me alone.

We stood in the hall, four feet away from Wraith's entrance. Wraith filled the doorframe with his looming presence. He said nothing, he did nothing. He just waited. For an order. For someone to kill.

"You've wanted to ask me something since the cemetery," Lilly whispered with a timid smile. I couldn't help but gape at her for a moment.

I swallowed, nodding. Once these words left my mouth, there would be no turning back. Someone out there would know what I had done, what I was hiding. They could judge me and I was afraid they'd be right. Either way, I had no choice. I needed help. Warily, I checked over my shoulder for eavesdroppers.

"They're out of range, if you whisper," Lilly confirmed in a low hum.

Still, I leaned in until my mouth was next to her ear. She waited patiently as I took a deep breath. "I need you to find a way into Viggo's place."

Lilly frowned. "Okay, but you told me to listen to Sofie and Sofie says to stay-"

"Her sister isn't in the tomb anymore!" I hissed and then caught myself. Baby blue eyes expanded with shock. I watched her struggle to replace the veil of calm. I noticed she had a harder time doing that then the adult vampires.

"How do you-"

"I'll explain later," I said. "But I know. I know they're torturing her. And I know that no one can find out what's happening, Lilly. I mean no one. I'm trusting you to help me get her out."

I watched her set her jaw, deep in thought. Tiny hands clasped onto mine and squeezed. "Okay, Evangeline," she agreed with a curt nod and a comforting smile. "I'll find a way in there without raising any alarms. I promise."

"I mean it, Lilly. No one can know. I don't even want you telling Kait or the others. I need you to do this one on your own. This is just you and me, kid."

Her mouth twisted pensively, the wheels turning in that twelve-hundred-year-old brain of hers. "Just you and me." She liked the idea of that, I could tell by the twitch of a smile across her lips. "You can count on me." She leaned in to give me an awkward hug-like she hadn't given one in a century and didn't know how-and then she vanished.

I wasn't alone for two seconds before Bishop, Caden, and the others showed up.

"What was that all about?" Caden pressed.

"Oh ... stuff." How was I to answer that? I dropped my gaze to the floor and spotted a full bottle of port by my feet. Bishop must have put it there before we discovered Wraith's hideout. I grabbed it and rushed to bring it to my lips, taking a long, intense swallow.

"Evie! Tell us!" I avoided all eye contact, instead studying Wraith. There he stood, waiting patiently, staring.

Wiping a dribble off my chin, I finally threw out the first thing that popped into my head. "Ratheus."

"What about it?" Amelie asked.

"Um ... I wanted to make sure she knew how bad it was." That was the one thing I knew about that she didn't. Still, it was a feeble attempt at an excuse and I knew it the second I caught the glimmer in Caden's eyes. He said nothing, but I could tell he didn't buy it.

None of the others picked up on it, though, ready to move away from this spot. Bishop let out a heavy sigh, draping his arms around my shoulders to clasp in front of me. Leaning in, he whispered, "Next time, I'll believe you when you say there's a secret door, okay? How about you don't feel the need to prove it?" His lip grazed my lobe, sending shivers through my body. Shivers that he shouldn't be able to give me. Shivers that only felt right when it was Caden giving them to me. Shivers that Caden couldn't give me while this game of the Fates existed. Maybe he'd never be able to again, if my metamorphosis finished.

"So what was that back there?" Amelie asked.

I frowned. "What, where?"

She rolled her eyes. "When I was holding you and you decided you needed to jump in between Death and a vampire? It was like you electrocuted me." Her angelic face scrunched up as she rubbed her wrist. "Hurt like Hell. At first, I thought you were going to kill me."

"I don't know," I answered quietly. That was a lie. I knew. Maybe it was that time. I stared down at my hands, at my fingertips. They seemed so dainty, so normal. What a deception. They were quickly becoming something deadly. With each passing day, the end was nearing. The disease was waiting to unleash itself, waiting to strike down everyone I loved. And when it struck, who would be the first victim? Would I be touching Bishop or Amelie or Caden when the magic decided to finish off my transformation? Would their faces shrivel up as I watched them die?

I shook Bishop's arms off in a panic and leapt forward to press my back against the opposite wall, staring at a line of worried faces. "Please don't touch me," I whispered hoarsely. "None of you. Please don't risk it."

"Evie ...," Bishop began, stepping forward, hands outstretched.

"No!" I shrieked, throwing my arms up to block him. "No ... I can't bear the idea that I may kill-" I choked over that word, "one of you. Please ... I just need some space to deal with all this right now."

"Okay, Eve. We understand," Amelie said softly, reaching forward to give Bishop a pat on the back. "Don't we, Bishop?"

He nodded, the crease in his brow deepening. "Of course."

Caden and Julian stood side by side, watching me quietly, saying nothing. I didn't have to worry about them. Julian wouldn't touch me for fear of earning Caden's wrath, and Caden was good at keeping up pretenses with Bishop. I wished it were as easy for me ...

I dropped my gaze, unable to meet any of them in the eye. I was lying. Lying to every single one of them in one form or another. It was exhausting. I wanted it all to go away. I squeezed the neck of the wine bottle.

I had my answer. For tonight, anyway. Tonight, I would make it all go away. I was going to get drunk.

I poured another healthy dose of that burning sweet syrup down my throat, praying I'd quickly succumb to whatever magic powers it held.

"Let's get out of here," Bishop stepped forward. "Can I at least walk next to you?"

I nodded. He jutted his chin down a hall I had not been down yet. "There's a kick-ass wine cellar that way, if you want to see it?" he grinned.

More wine meant more liquid therapy. "Lead the way, oh wise one." We began walking. I halted. I was forgetting something. I turned back to see Wraith gingerly poke his head out the door. One long leg tentatively stepped across the threshold, as if he half expected to melt. I guess I couldn't blame him. His entire existence confined to one room was enough to drive anyone crazy. When his leg didn't melt, I swore I caught a hint of a smile. If Death was capable of smiling.

I rushed forward to catch up to Bishop. The others followed behind like silent shadows, including Wraith. When I walked, he walked. When I stopped, he stopped. Several feet away but never too far. Much like Max, Wraith was my bodyguard. A life-sucking, unshakable bodyguard who was bound to me until I died. I brought the bottle to my lips once again, taking a more liberal chug. It wasn't nearly so sweet anymore, nor was the burn so fierce. In fact, I was growing fond of its taste. The warm sensation flowing through my limbs relaxed me.

"So, Wraith," Bishop began and when I turned back, I saw that mischievous look in his eye. He was the old Bishop again, from the days of running through the caves. I missed it so dearly ... "Should we call you Wraith? Such an awkward name. How about just 'Death'?"

Amelie sniggered from her twenty-foot distance. Even Max snorted in my head.

"I have been given the name Wraith," was all he said, ending any potential fun at his expense.

"Well, he's a barrel of laughs," Bishop muttered.

Peeking over my shoulder at him, studying the way he marched in a perfectly straight line-back straight, arms stiff-I wondered what Nathan had been like when he was alive. Certainly nothing like Wraith. There was no way Sofie would be in love with a lifeless, humorless android. I guess I shouldn't expect Death to have a personality, though. Another tip of the bottle ... another drink ... What would I do if the Fates did this to Caden? To stand next to the empty shell of him, to have his gaze pass over me without a second's thought?

My insides recoiled. I glanced back furtively to meet beautiful jade eyes. Four of them? I squinted. No, two eyes ... What if those beautiful eyes were lost to me forever, as I thought them to be not long ago? I sighed and took another long pull on the port. My tongue felt thick. I rolled it inside my mouth and then smacked it against the roof to wake it up. Funny ... my jaw didn't hurt anymore.

11. Tempting the Fates-Sofie

A plump snowflake settled on the bridge of my nose. More flakes followed, tickling my eyelids, lips, fingers. Their crisp wetness was a welcome relief as I knelt before Nathan's tombstone. Night after night, I lit a candle for his resting bones under this tree while I knew that abomination lurked inside.

And now ... that abomination was trailing Evangeline, ignorant to my existence, to the unconditional love that I held for its human inspiration. All it cared about was whether I was a threat to Evangeline or not. And if it decided that I was? Dispatch me ... like a housefly.

Bitterness leeched into my bones. As much as I wanted to blame the Fates for their twisted games, I had no one to blame but myself for this one. It was here, in this spot five years ago, that I cast that disastrous enchantment. Just after Viggo discovered Evangeline's existence and ran her mother down with a car. So distraught with the turn of events, I wasn't thinking straight. I couldn't have been. If I had, I never would have done it ...

That night, the anniversary of Nathan's death, the only night of the year that I dared visit the chateau, sweeping through the courtyard in a shroud of secrecy to light a candle and beg in vain for his forgiveness. That night, though, on my knees, my heart shattered into a million pieces for Evangeline's suffering, fueled with hatred for Viggo, I pleaded with the Fates. I begged for the ultimate guardian. Someone who would exist for the soul purpose of keeping my dear girl safe, who could not be stopped for any reason, by any creature-mortal or otherwise, magical or not. To this day, I can't help feel the urge to bash my head against a brick wall when I replay that criteria, that ask of the Fates.

It didn't take long for the Fates to answer me. After visiting Nathan's tombstone-distraught and weary-I stumbled into Nathan's music room. That was another yearly ritual of mine. When I stepped inside that room, I could still hear Nathan plucking the strings of his violin.

No music played on this night, though. The second I stepped into the dark room, I spotted the lone figure sitting on the Victorian couch, a dark shadow under the moonlight's stream. Unmoving, back rigid, hands layered on his knee. His cheekbones, his hair, his lips ... it was Nathan. I dove forward, falling to my knees, grasping his hands, thanking the Fates for their generosity, their kindness. How stupid of me ... So overwhelmed, I didn't sense the wrongness about him, that cold, rotten air that tainted his surroundings.

It wasn't until his limp, unloving hands lay lifeless in my grasp, when I peered up into his irises to find milky blue soulless pits boring into me, that I realized this wasn't a gift from the Fates. This was a new depth to my punishment. A few seconds after, the bomb went off inside my head, revealing all. The Fates liked doing that. One second I know nothing, the next my head is filled with all the details, as if a detailed manual had plunged into my mind. I saw what this thing could do, the danger he would become to the world if loose, passing judgment, taking on the role of a grim reaper. A new level of hatred blossomed inside me for the Fates that night.

Oh, how the Fates must've laughed. As if offering a poisoned olive branch, they allowed me the chance to lock him up until I felt the need to release him. That was the night that the magical ward went up and his world became a forty-by-seventy-foot space. He had no idea what was outside the walls and he didn't care. He was programmed to wait for his bond with Evangeline to be complete. Three years ... three hundred years ... it mattered not. If she died, he would cease to exist. He couldn't die. He wasn't alive.

From that night forward, I struggled to erase all knowledge of my creation. And that was the last night I stepped foot inside the chateau. I would gladly not have returned. Ever. But desperate times called for it. I should've known this bizarre Tribal magic would eventually break the cloaking spell. I should've taken preventive measures. I should have ... I sighed and pinched the bridge of my nose, knowing there wasn't much I could do.

And now Wraith was out. Now, every day, every moment that I wanted to see Evangeline, speak to her, touch her ... those demonic pits, impostors in Nathan's beautiful face, would be there, watching, waiting to lay a lethal hand on me. I hadn't felt the impact of Wraith's touch before. That first night, he did not use it on me. I guess he didn't view me as a threat to Evangeline then. Tonight, though ... I shuddered. He made up for it, his fingers-both icy cold and fiery hot-sucking the magic and life out of me, draining whatever scrap of a soul I had left, destroying my will to keep fighting.

For the first time in a hundred and twenty years, giving up felt like a viable option.

The sound of crunching snow told me that someone was giving me fair warning upon approach. Mage ... I could tell by her short, quick strides. Staying on my knees, I pivoted to meet her calm expression, revealing nothing about her thoughts as per usual. For just a second, angst stirred in the pit of my belly. I wondered if she would be upset that I hid Wraith from her. Her stoic, unrelenting friendship had been my saving grace in all of this. Since our days in Manhattan, I felt no need to keep anything from her.

"I understand why you didn't tell me," she said, as if plucking the thought from my head. "What a horrendous thing to deal with." My chest heaved. Again, Mage knew just what to say.

I offered her a sad smile. "I'm so glad we didn't kill each other when we had the chance, Mage."

She smirked and her glistening white teeth gleamed in the moonlight. "Yes, that worked out well for both of us."

I rubbed the wet flakes off my face as I nodded in agreement, turning back to stare at the tombstone. "It could've been worse. At least I was able to lock him up until now. Can you imagine if he'd roamed free for the last five years?"

Mage gave a small shudder. "Plus, he's a natural Viggo repellent. That one has already fetched the plane and is preparing to leave as we speak."

"Viggo doesn't like being around things he can't kill."

"How unfortunate for us," Mage's lips twisted, lifting my mood marginally.

"Mortimer's going with him?"

She nodded.

I sighed. "That's good." I can't believe I'm beginning to trust Mortimer. "I hope that lends enough common sense. At least it'll keep the two of them away from Evangeline. Maybe they'll deal with this Jonah problem before it gets out of control."

"And do you think they'll listen to you and stay away from the house?"

I paused to give that a moment's thought. "Well, with Viggo ... you always have to be worried about what that psychopath will do, how he can get around a pledge and still hold his head high. But they pledged their allegiance and I have to believe in that. We have enough to deal with here. Did Lilly and her group agree to leave as well?"

Mage nodded again, confirming. A nervous tickle stirred inside me, the same one that had irked me since the day we decided to reach out to Viggo's arch nemesis for help.

"Do you trust them, Mage? Lilly, I mean. We all know she tipped off the witches about Evangeline in the city, right? Gave her a chance to isolate Evangeline. It was a stupid move but ... I don't doubt it for a second."

There wasn't a moment's hesitation before Mage nodded. "Yes, she likely did. I'm sure she also had the entire situation under control. They are our best hope. Lilly has connections you do not. She has advantages that you do not."

Mage was correct in that. Though I had a multitude of resources at my disposal, Lilly had the added advantage of appearing a small, harmless child. She didn't even require compulsion and threats. Most people barely noticed her quiet, unassuming presence as she stealthily gathered intel. I'm not sure the Sentinel was even aware of her, to be honest.

I couldn't help but notice the vagueness in Mage's words. "Our best hope," I mimicked. What if our best hope was no hope at all? "We are ... what ... thirteen? We're to stop a secret society of witches and Sentinel, numbering in the tens of thousands, their grubby little fingers on ten thousand buttons, any of them able to start a chain reaction that will obliterate the human world." It sounded so insane, so far-fetched, so impossible, and yet it had already happened. I had sent Evangeline into a world seven hundred years after that exact situation.

Running my fingers through my hair, I peered back at the dim lights of the chateau where Wraith was no doubt quickly becoming a nuisance-a lethal one. "What's Evangeline doing?"

"Trying to drink herself into a coma, from the looks of it."

I shook my head with dismay. "She's an absolute wreck ..." Emotionally, mentally, physically ...

"How long before the transition is final?" Mage asked as softly as possible, and yet it impaled me like a pitchfork through the gut.

"I don't know ... hours? Days? Weeks?" And then she would be lost to me. "I can't even heal her damn face!" I screamed suddenly, clenching my teeth with rage, my fingers digging into the frozen ground to grip the edges of Nathan's tombstone. I ripped it out and launched it across the courtyard. It shattered into a dozen pieces. Like my life with Nathan.

I slumped to the cold ground as Mage sped over and began collecting chunks of concrete. "Yes, this issue with her magic is becoming a real problem." She stacked the pieces on top of each other, fitting them together until they resembled a tombstone again. "She's so fragile when we need her not to be so ... human," she finished with a sigh. "What can we do?"

I shrugged noncommittally, staring up at the dark sky looming over us, letting the cold flakes land on my irises without flinching. It had to be after midnight by now. "It's Christmas," I announced, my words hollow.

"Well, then, Merry Christmas, my friend" Mage patted my shoulder.

I snorted, reaching into my jeans pocket to pull out a small red velvet pouch. "Evangeline's Christmas present ... I don't know why I bothered ..." I let the bag slip from my fingertips. It tumbled and landed in the cold snow. "Evangeline can't go on like this anymore. This will kill her. And I can't go on like this anymore. I need to end this somehow ... I need to fix this." I gritted my teeth as a hundred and twenty years of disastrous mistakes cycled through my mind. How many times had I tried to fix something, only to make it worse? There was no fixing! I was a pawn, a useless twit.

"These damn Fates! They sit up there in their ivory tower, twisting and perverting everything until it's more horrific than it was to start with. I need a fair shot!" My voice was rising, echoing in the cold night air. "Oh, what I would do if I ever met them face to face ..." I threatened in a low growl.

Abruptly, the ground fell out from under me. I was falling, tumbling in darkness. I grappled with the air around me and quickly learned there was nothing to grab a hold of, nothing to slow me down. Deeper and deeper I went, picking up speed as I fell farther into the black hole.

Then, for the first time in one hundred and twenty odd-years, I lost consciousness.

12. Full Disclosure-Evangeline

Thump, thump, thump ... A man with a drum had taken up residence inside my head and he was pounding on his instrument as if it kept his heart beating. I groaned into my pillow. What's that ... ugh! My mouth tasted terrible. Something may have died inside there last night.

Why are humans so bloody stupid? The sound of Max's low rumble in my head only made the pain worse. You know that alcohol will make you sick so, what do you do? You guzzle an entire bottle as if it's going to spontaneously combust if not consumed in record time!

I groaned feebly again. "Don't give me that daddy werebeast lecture. Just make it stop! Please!" I moaned, gripping my forehead with both palms and squeezing tightly.

It could be worse, you know, Max continued, not at all sympathetic to how his special telepathic ability was torturing me at that moment. At least you threw up last night. That got most of the alcohol out of your system.

I felt my face screw up as I raked my brain. "I threw up last night?" I didn't remember throwing up. I didn't remember ... much of anything.

Yeah, Caden and Bishop took turns carting you back here. What a train wreck! You weren't in here thirty seconds before you stumbled for the bathroom. Of course you plowed into the wall but ...

The pain in my head instantly dulled, replaced by another excruciating pain-mortification. I gasped out load and my hands flew to my mouth. "Oh my God! Max, did Caden see me puke?"

"Only enough to make sure you hit the bowl," a male voice called out. I lifted my head to see Caden leaning against the door, jade eyes sparkling, looking as striking as ever in an untucked dark blue button-down shirt and dark jeans. It made the entire situation ten times worse.

I flopped down into my pillow and pulled the covers over my head, intent on hiding for the rest of the day, praying that the man with the drum would bash my brains in and be done with it.

"Merry Christmas!" Caden's voice boomed from somewhere above me.

"Bah humbug."

"Don't be silly." The bed sank under Caden's weight and I felt him tugging at the covers. My fists curled around the folds, resisting, but he finally won out, yanking them clean from my grip. With my face exposed, I noticed his gaze briefly skim my jaw. I wondered what it looked like today. It didn't hurt nearly as bad but maybe that was because it now had competition with an unruly hangover.

Did something die in here? Max murmured and noticed his black nose twitching. You can shower anytime, you know.

"Oh my God, this is getting worse by the second," I cried, curling up like a possum, burying my face in my arms.

"What?"

"Max just told me I smell like a corpse ..."

The bed began shaking, sending waves of nausea through me. Caden was laughing. "Here," he said, "take this."

Suspiciously, I peeked out over my arm to see Caden's hand cradling two small blue pills. A glass of water sat on my bedside table. "They'll help with the pain."

"Just the words I want to hear right now." Without thinking, I reached for the pills but then froze midair. His hand, his skin ... my touch. Was today the day that I transformed? Was today the day I'd kill Caden?

Before I could pull back and ask Caden to place the pills on the counter, his hand lifted to stroke my cheek. Jerking back, I held a gasp, waiting ...

Nothing.

I wouldn't kill Caden today.

A lifetime of air released from my lungs. I greedily snatched the two pills out of his hand and threw them back. Caden sat quietly while I polished off the tall glass of water. I had never been so parched before in my life. "Why on earth does anyone do this to themselves more than once?"

Caden's hand found its way to my knee and kneaded gently, sending electricity through my body.

"Where's Bishop?" Can't forget about my fake relationship! It would look bad to him if he were to walk in on this ...

Caden offered a tight-lipped smile as he pulled his hand away, pulling my heart out of my chest with it. "Last-minute Christmas shopping."

"Shopping? I thought stores were closed on Christmas Day ..."

"He'll be back soon, but he's not here right now. Why don't you go have a long, hot shower? You'll feel better, I promise," Caden said.

A shower sounded like a fantastic idea. If a giant werebeast thought I smelled bad, the hot guy sitting next to me couldn't be overly impressed ... I stumbled out of bed, on a mission to get to the en suite faster than the fastest person in the world. I may have made it too, had it not been for a still figure in my peripheral vision distracting me. A tall, dark man sitting in the corner.

Wraith.

He stopped me dead in my tracks. "What are you doing here?" I asked in a low, wary voice. How could I have forgotten about him?

"He's been here all night," Caden explained before Wraith could answer. "I tried getting rid of him," he grimaced, as if remembering an unpleasant experience. "It didn't work so well."

I rubbed my nose, digging into my foggy memory. "Oh ... that's right ..." Blurry patches of the prior night fluttered past. I tried losing Wraith several times. I don't know if it was his stellar Evangeline tracking skills or that I was louder than a herd of buffalo in a church, but there was no getting rid of Wraith. He was like an annoying little brother. Everywhere I went, he was one step behind. Only he killed for me ...

"Whatever ..." I decided I was more interested in a hot shower than dealing with my grim reaper at that point. I turned back and continued toward the bathroom.

"Wait." The word-though flatly delivered-had the effect. I stopped midstride and turned to find Wraith marching toward me in that stiff way of his.

"What?"

He didn't answer. He just kept moving, his eyes trained on the bathroom.

"What do you think you're doing?" I asked sharply. He didn't think he was ...

"I am accompanying you to your next destination," he answered in the weird, robotic language he used.

I shared my panicked look with Caden and Max. Caden's eyes filled with fury. This bothered him, I could tell. But he was helpless and that made it worse. Interference led to dire consequences and no one wanted that. Max leaned back to settle onto his haunches, clearly not interested in being put down again. I'd have to manage my grim reaper on my own. I turned back to level him with a stare.

"My next destination is right in there ... for a shower," I said slowly, enunciating every word. "Thanks for your help, but I won't need you in there."

Blue orbs shifted from the door to the en suite to me, and then back to the en suite, as if weighing options. "That is not for you to decide," he finally said.

"Oh, yes it is!" I snapped, waggling my finger at him. "You are my guardian ... not my captor!" This was feeling all too much like Max's wishy-washy servitude. "I will have some privacy! Please!" The last word came out a little shaky, like I was pleading. I couldn't be pleading with this thing. Pulling my shoulders up straight, I crossed my arms and set my jaw.

"I do not feel the same desires as a human-" he began to say.

A mental image of that placid face, those mirror balls drifting over my bare body made me shudder violently. But he was likely telling the truth. He probably didn't desire that. Only one desire motivated him-to kill for me, without discretion, without remorse. It's why he existed and I couldn't fault him for that. Putting all else aside, I needed him right now. I needed all the help I could get to keep me alive until I turned into Walking Death and jumped off a cliff ...

I tempered my tone. "That's great, Wraith, but guess what? I'm human and I do have desires-the desire to shower without an audience."

He stared blankly at me for a long moment, so long I was sure my words hadn't register with him. I decided to test him, and so I stepped into the bathroom. Somehow he managed to get in front of me, his broad arm sweeping me back and out of the way as he stepped into the little room.

"Hey!"

"No windows. No doors. No other occupants. It is empty," he assessed, as if reporting on a crime scene.

"Yes, that's because it's a bathroom. They're generally not party rooms. Now get out!" I snapped, gritting my teeth against the resulting stab of pain in my head. I threw my hands up to Wraith's chest and gave him a hard shove out. Surprisingly, he moved without much effort. As soon as his toes crossed the threshold, I slammed the door shut and locked it. A tiny triumph tickled my confidence, though short-lived. If he wanted in, I was sure a stupid little metal lock wouldn't stop him.

I sighed. Finally alone ... I walked over to the large rectangular mirror and stared at the sallow reflection. I look hideous, I grimaced, taking in the dark circles accentuating my already puffy eyes, and the cowlick of wispy front hairs sticking out and off to the side of my forehead. My jaw wasn't much better. At least my lip was back to its original size, though still purple. All in all ... far from appealing.

Shaking off my rumpled clothes from the day before, I climbed into the shower. I stood under the hot water for what felt like an eternity, allowing it to soak into my pores and clean the toxins out as I thought about all that had transpired in twenty-four hours. When I'd woken yesterday, my life was in shambles. Then it slapped on a pair of skis and hot-dogged down the side of a mountain. Attacked by witches and Sentinel, I came home to a freed Bishop who'd been lobotomized by the Fates and now had the hots for me. To top it all off, I released the ghost of Sofie's true love because of my toxic magic and now I had him closer to me than my own shadow, granting me permission to go to the bathroom on my own.

Yes ... my life was better when it was just in shambles and not doing a full nosedive into hell.

I hadn't connected with Veronique last night, though, from what I recalled. I hope I hadn't! Would I have been drunk if I had? Either way, if they weren't torturing her, then I had bought myself some time. Now, as long as Viggo and Mortimer didn't find out about her, and, worse, that I knew about her predicament, then maybe I wouldn't die a slow, horrible death at their hands. Lilly had to have some information for me soon ...

Once sufficiently scrubbed, cleaned, and primped-and feeling marginally better-I cracked open the door and peeked out. Three sets of eyes watched me. I knew asking any of them to leave so I could get dressed was a hopeless cause. Ducking out in my robe, I reached into the dresser near the door, discreetly assembling an outfit down to underwear and socks, silently wishing I were alone with Caden. What I would do to be alone with Caden ...

Once dressed, I took a giant breath and stepped out. There they were. Still. The three of them. Caden, Max, and Wraith, forming a narrow triangle in my room. Wraith was closest to me, his gaze weighing me down. Sidestepping around him with a wary eye fixed on his movements, I made my way to Caden's side.

"Feel better?" Caden smiled, wrapping himself around my upper body, enveloping me into him.

I nodded. Surprisingly, whether it was the hot shower, or the two little pills, or Caden's arms around me, the pounding had subsided. I may even be a little bit hungry ...

You certainly smell better and ... Max began.

I rolled my head within Caden's chest to throw Max an evil stare. He didn't finish his sentence. "Yeah ... I'm never drinking again," I said. My head shook against Caden's chest as he chuckled. Warmth exploded within me. I loved the feel of his happiness. I couldn't remember the last time I'd felt it.

Pulling back slightly to look down at my face, the back of his hand grazed over my lip gently. "Does this hurt?'

I shook my head, melting. He leaned forward and placed the lightest kiss on my lips. "Does that hurt?" he whispered.

Blood rushed to my ears as my heart hammered against my ribs. Whatever resentment or hurt held him back before, it wasn't present anymore. On impulse, I grabbed hold of his neck and drew him down for another kiss. He responded without restraint. If my lip still hurt, it wasn't registering at the moment, too overjoyed by being in contact with Caden's mouth to complain. Once Bishop returned, we'd be back to the twisted delusion. Until then ...

The hairs on the back of my neck prickled suddenly, an eerie feeling sweeping through my body, ruining the moment. On instinct, I broke free of Caden's lips and checked over my shoulder. Wraith had slinked in behind me, no more than three feet away from us. He didn't do anything or say anything. He just stood still, waiting expectantly. I knew exactly why-to level Caden if he felt I was at risk. That bugged me. Greatly. The only thing I was at risk of now was losing precious time with Caden.

Pivoting on my heels to stay between Wraith and Caden, I decided to try cordiality. "Can you please give us a moment alone, Wraith?"

Wraith only stared back at me.

Good luck with that, Max muttered sarcastically.

"Please?" I said again, the pleading in my voice that was really beginning to annoy me.

"I do not understand this 'moment' term," Wraith finally explained.

"It means give us some space ... don't hover?" Still, only a blank look, and no movement. This was going nowhere. "Can you please leave the room!"

His head jerked to the side once in a half shake. "No, that is not possible. I am here to protect you at all times. You must never be out of my sight."

Pausing to take a deep breath and temper my tone again, I spoke to him as if he were a child. "But we're safe in here, just like I was in the bathroom. No one's going to come in here."

He pointed at the two-stories-high windows. "Those are entry points. The threat is there. Therefore, I stay." End of discussion, clearly.

I heaved a sigh of frustration, knowing I would never win this argument. "Fine ... can you at least step over there? By the window? So you're not climbing on top of me? So I don't have to see you staring at me?"

He blinked.

"Go stand over there!"

His neck turned mechanically as he glanced at the window and back at me, as if visually measuring the space. Finally, he walked over and sidled in behind the heavy silver-mauve drapery until all but his shoes were invisible.

I struggled to contain my grin. Turning back, I gave Max a knowing "get out" glare, silently promising I'd be nicer to him from now on.

Don't have to convince me! I hear Santa delivered some Christmas goodies for me. He trotted off to the door and opened it with his giant maw.

Finally. I was alone with Caden.

Well, sort of. Not alone enough for what I wanted but ... I threw myself at him, slipping my hands around him, nuzzling into his neck. "I can't wait until this is all over," I whispered in his ear.

"The feeling's mutual," he whispered, his hands sliding down the length of my rib cage to rest on my hips, pulling my body against his. "Damn it, Evie ..." Strong fingers wrapped around my lower back, an index finger running along the waist band of my jeans. My breath caught. I closed my eyes, reveling as I felt his hands steal beneath my sweater and edge up along my spine, soaking up the warmth radiating from him. He was the one I was meant to be with. Why couldn't the Fates just realize that and stop trying to keep us apart?

"Here," Caden whispered suddenly, reaching up to grasp my hand and bring it down to his side. He placed something long and cool into my palm. A gorgeous diamond-jeweled dagger with an ivory handle. "I figured you were probably done with traditional jewelry."

"It's beautiful." My other arm slid off Caden's shoulder to handle the dagger with care, slipping the blade from its soft leather sheath. It was six inches long and thin. Dainty, though I could tell by the curve of the blade that it was anything but. This would carve through flesh-human or vampire, it mattered not.

"When did you get this?" I carefully sheathed it, visions of accidently disemboweling myself cautioning my movements.

Caden shrugged. "I've been out once or twice."

"Thank you," I whispered, studying its weight in my palm. "It's beautiful ... and dangerous."

"Like you," he chuckled softly, his lips pressing against my brow.

His joke, light and harmless in intention, drilled into my soul with its accuracy. My body stiffened in response.

"I'm sorry, Evie ... not funny." He pulled my body far enough away that he could see my face.

I sighed. "No, you're right. Any day now, one little poke of my fingertip and you're all dead."

"No, you don't know that."

"Really, Caden? Who's being naive now?"

That exquisite mouth of his opened to speak-likely to argue-but stopped abruptly and he settled on biting his bottom lip as he paused to think. "It won't happen. Sofie will stop it." He traced my wounded lip with his fingertip and promised, "Everything will be okay again soon. Sofie will fix the spell, your lip will heal, and Bishop will eventually learn the truth."

"I really want to believe you, Caden." But I knew better. I didn't believe it. He didn't believe it, either. The tiniest shift behind the curtain refreshed my memory of just how dire the situation had become. "And then what? With lurky lurker hiding behind the curtains over there ..." I mumbled, bitterness curling my nostrils. "He's like herpes. He's for life."

Wraith took that as he cue to step out because the curtains ruffled and reflective blue eyes peeked out at me like glowing coins. Heaving an exaggerated sigh, I walked over to my nightstand and pulled the red satchel from the top drawer.

"I hope you like it," I said, handing Caden his gift. "I did almost die getting it for you, you know."

"Are we taking turns making tasteless jokes now?" Caden grumbled as he took it from me. "You shouldn't have ..."

"It's nothing," I lied. Inside, giddy butterflies fluttered about. "I just figured ... this is our first Christmas together ..." He unraveled the tie to the case and carefully tipped the bag. The watch slid out to fit perfectly in the center of his open palm. I waited in silence as he stared at it, not saying a word, his jawline shifting slightly.

"Amelie said you'd like it ..." My voice betrayed my anxiety. What is going on inside his head? Does he like it? Is he wondering why I got him a freaking watch? What if Amelie confused things? She is a bit flighty ...

"My father had one just like it," he finally said, his voice turning husky. Tiny exhale ... "I had it for years. Kept it in my pocket. When the war came and we fled, I lost it." Beautiful jade irises lifted to absorb me and I could swear I saw them watering. But then I blinked and they were back to their perfect clarity.

He clutched the watch within his fist and, holding it to his chest, he whispered, "Thank you." Stretching out to grasp my wrist, he yanked me toward him more forcefully than usual. My heart skipped three beats. With a hand cupped on either side of my face, his gaze lingered, a darkness growing in them that made my knees shake and my cheeks flush.

Finally, when I thought I might collapse under his consuming stare, he leaned forward to plant the gentlest kiss on my forehead. From there, his mouth skated down to the bridge of my nose and then the tip. Forcing my head back with his hands, his mouth caught the side of mine, right on the edge where it lingered. And lingered.

"I'm so sorry for everything I've put you through. It's not fair, all that grief I gave you over Julian."

"It's okay," I murmured, half dazed. With this new Bishop saga, I had forgotten all about that other lie.

Caden's fingers slid under my chin and lifted my head to meet his eyes. "No, it's not okay. I've dreamed about finding someone like you for seven hundred years. And now, here you are and ..." His thumb moved to wipe away the fresh tear rolling down my cheek. "I won't let us lose another second over this. I promise. It's done. It's forgotten. It's-"

Amelie's shrill screams cut Caden off midsentence.

He vanished before I could blink, his words to Wraith, "Keep her safe" hanging in the air. But I wasn't waiting around with Wraith. Only one thing could make Amelie shriek like that.

Blood rushed to my ears as I ran across the hall, passing by Julian's smashed door, my legs straining as if pushing through three feet of water. I dashed halfway into the room and came to a skidding halt. Amelie stood by the en suite, her ringlets sagging and dripping wet, hugging a white towel to her body, her face wild with confusion.

"How could he?" she whispered in a gasp.

I said nothing, rushing toward the bathroom. "Stay back," I threw over my shoulder. I didn't need to see him to know for certain that Wraith was on my heels. And in another second, he stood by my side, my demand useless.

"Caden?" I called out shakily.

"Eve!" Julian cried out instead, a strangled desperation in his voice.

"I'm coming in!" I announced, sucking in a gulp of air as I rounded the corner. Caden had Julian pinned against the wall, his forearm pressing across Julian's neck. A puddle of water was forming beneath Julian's feet, a byproduct of being ripped out of a still-running shower. At some point in the trauma, Julian had a chance to grab a towel. He held it against his lower front half, covering the part of him I had no interest in seeing.

"Tell me again why I shouldn't kill you right now!" Caden growled through clenched teeth, fire in his eyes.

"No! You can't!" I cried out, stepping forward. Wraith's arm shot out from nowhere to shove me back to the opposite corner. "Is he a threat to Evangeline?" he asked moving forward.

"He's a threat to all of us." Caden's tone was as icy as I'd ever heard it. He didn't look in my direction as he released Julian from the chokehold and took three wide steps back. "Get rid of him, Wraith."

Without further prompting, Wraith began closing in on Julian, his deadly hand lifting toward his shoulder. No, no, no! I choked back a sob. This wasn't happening. I had to stop this... If Wraith attacked, there was no healing, no bouncing back. Julian would be dead. Another person close to me, gone.

"He saved my life. Don't do it!" I screamed.

Wraith kept moving forward. It was as if I hadn't spoken. He wouldn't stop until Julian was dead. I needed to do something drastic, I realized, squeezing my fist tightly over the smooth hilt of my dagger, still in my hand. My dagger ... There was one way to make Wraith listen.

I unsheathed the blade and lifted the point to my neck. "If he dies, I die. Right here, right now." My hand shook so badly, I was afraid I might accidently slit my jugular.

My plan worked. Wraith's hand dropped to his side. He took several steps back, giving Julian a wide berth. "You would kill yourself to protect this human?"

"He almost died protecting me, so, yes, I would. He's my friend." Looking at Julian-his face as white as a sheet, his body on the verge of collapse-I wanted to throw my arms around him.

Unfortunately, I had to contend with an angry vampire first.

Caden was at my side in an instant, tearing the dagger out of my hand, a violent storm darkening his irises to threatening levels. "I didn't give you that so you could kill yourself with it!" he yelled.

He'd never yelled at me before.

I forced my chin up, my hand absently rubbing my neck. "You left me no choice! I had to protect him."

"But you don't know what he is!" Amelie moaned from the doorway, still huddled within her towel, agony pouring from her eyes as they touched Julian's face.

And here it was. The moment. There was no denying it any longer. "Yes, I do," I heard myself say, as if someone else were speaking. A liar, admitting her guilt. As soft as the delivery, the impact of my admission was enough to cause Amelie to stumble back, flinching.

"You ... knew? You knew and I didn't?" Her voice sharpened a notch. In that scary way. In that crazy Amelie way.

I nodded as unease stirred in my stomach. Swallowing, I admitted in a whisper, "I accidently saw the marking."

"What?" Amelie exploded, now screaming. "You accidently saw the tattoo on his left ass cheek?" Her eyes bulged so hard, I thought they might pop out of her head.

"Yes! Accidently."

"What ...?" Next to his sister, Caden's voice was so low I barely heard him. It scared me ten times more. My body as stiff as a poker, I turned to see the end of the dagger pointed dangerously close to Julian's thigh, Caden's eyes crushing me with an accusatory gaze. I knew instantly what he was thinking. Seeing that mark required seeing Julian without clothing. In what situation would I see him like that?

My mouth opened to justify my lies, but only a wheeze escaped. We stood still, our eyes locked, as I felt my curtain drop, unveiling the real me. Not the sweet, naive girl Amelie carried unconscious into Caden's life, the human girl he fell in love with. No ... now he could see me for what I was. What I had become. A fraud and a cheat.

Caden's next words, delivered with a biting cold tone, confirmed it. "Just kissed him, right?"

Before I could utter a sound, plead with him to listen to my explanation, he stormed off, launching the dagger across the room so hard that it embedded itself into a mahogany armoire with a loud thud, splitting the wood in half.

"Caden!" I cried, running to the doorway into the hallway to catch him. But he was gone. Gone from the room, maybe gone from my life. I turned back to the room slowly, deflated and dazed over the sudden turn of events. Two minutes ago, Caden had all but professed his eternal love. Now, he was gone, Julian's dark secret exposed.

And I couldn't forget about Amelie.

"What is Caden talking about, Evie? You kissed Julian? You told me nothing happened ..." The cutting sound of Amelie's voice set my neck hairs on edge.

Without thought, my hands lifted in front of me in a sign of surrender. "I didn't kiss him. That was a lie. I-"

But Amelie was already talking over me. "You knew what he was all this time and you didn't tell me? You let me fall in love with the enemy?" Each word came out crisp and knife-sharp, a hysterical edge creeping into them.

"Please, let me ex-" I began, stepping forward, my hands outstretched.

"Liar!" Amelie hissed, recoiling from my approach, her pretty face twisting into an altogether hideous sneer as she backed into a dresser. Amelie-my best friend-hated me. Amelie, the seven-hundred-year-old vampiress who just had her heart emotionally ripped out of her chest, now glared at me like I had betrayed her to the depths of her soul.

The trouble was, I had.

"How could you? How could you hurt us like that? Lie to us like that?" Each accusation was delivered like a swing of a sword.

"I never lied! I mean, I did lie, but ..." I sighed, my hands flying to cover my face. "I did lie. Totally. Completely. I lied about anything happening with Julian. But I swear to you, nothing happened!" I was talking to myself, though, as her emerald eyes drew along my frame, as if deciding how best to quarter me.

I wanted to explain, I did, but fear choked the words. I had never seen Amelie-sweet, bubbly Amelie-like this before. Even with Rachel, even with Jethro, there had been a small semblance of the Amelie I knew. Now, though, it was as if someone reached in and switched around her spark plugs, making her go haywire. Unpredictable. Dangerous.

In my peripheral stood a pale Julian, in only a towel, and Wraith behind him. I hadn't noticed them there before. I could use Wraith right now, as a barrier.

"Evangeline, is this person a threat to you?" Wraith's even tone was a welcome change to Amelie's trills and ice.

"No." My hand shot out to stay him. He was too close to her. He wouldn't form a barrier for me. He'd simply kill her.

Julian spoke then. "Amelie ... I wanted to tell you, I did. Eve thought it best ..."

Great, Julian ... throw gas onto an open flame in a parched forest. Another flash of anger, searing hot, shot through Amelie's eyes as they bored deeper into me.

"Oh, did she now ..."

I almost missed her next movement. With the slightest flick of her hand, the solid wood dresser beside her soared in my direction. I don't know if she was intending to hit me or just scare me with it. Either way, I managed to dive out of the way. It crashed into the wall behind me, taking chunks of plaster and molding with it.

I struggled back to my feet to face her again. She took a step forward. "Were you looking for a way to win him back after your little thing in the mountains?"

I felt my eyes widen. What?

Accusations spewed hastily from her as she edged forward, as if cornering prey. "You had to have them all, didn't you ... you weren't satisfied with Caden. You had to have all of them. First my brother, then Julian ... and now Bishop." Her voice trailed off as a distant look glazed over her face-a far-off, wild stare. I recognized it immediately. I'd seen it reflected in mirrors countless times. The dark chasm of loss, of losing everything that mattered. There was no logical thought in this gloomy place.

"Is this friend a threat now, Evangeline?" Wraith asked calmly for a second time.

She just threw a dresser at me! What do you think? I wanted to scream. My eyes flickered to Julian and I saw the pleading in them. It was a death sentence if I said yes. It could be my death sentence if I said no. Soon enough, Wraith wouldn't ask me. He would just kill.

Amelie didn't even acknowledge Wraith, didn't care that she had an unstoppable grim reaper ten feet away from her. "Were you laughing at me? Stupid, silly Amelie who had no clue?" Another step closer.

I sucked in a breath of air. "Amelie! It's me. Evie! The one who pulled you out of the river! The silly, naive human!"

Another step. Her eyebrow arched. "Oh, but you're not so naive, are you, Evangeline ..."

And then she pounced.

She threw me back against the wall, her hands landing on either side of my shoulders, her fingers digging painfully into my joints, her teeth bared and glistening. I heard Julian's shouts in the background but I couldn't comprehend what he was saying. I shrunk back, trying to gain some distance.

I can't die yet. I'm not ready to die yet.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Wraith closing in quickly. He wouldn't simply stall her this time. He would kill her ... I needed to make her understand! "Amelie, don't do this. Please, listen to me."

Her fingers dug in further and I cried out in pain. Crazy Amelie wouldn't listen. She was too far gone. I needed normal Amelie back for five minutes so we could explain everything. I just ...

Suddenly, Amelie's face froze in horror. Her skin began withering, the veins along her cheeks and forehead protruding. Much worse than what Wraith had done to Sofie.

"No!" I screamed, my hands rushing to her wrists to hold her up. "Stop!"

Wraith was killing her.

She crumbled to the ground, her towel puddled around her decrepit body. My hands flew to my mouth in horror. "How could you ... You ..." Rage burned inside me as I lifted my gaze, about to scream obscenities at my guardian. I faltered. Wraith was six feet away from us.

He hadn't reached us yet.

Wraith didn't cause that. There was only one person who could have. Me.

Julian's screams snapped me out of my trance. He was already on his knees beside her, collecting her withered head in his lap, pulling her towel over her body to cover its frail nakedness, tears streaming down his cheeks. In shock, I started down at my hands. What just happened?

"But, I touched Caden just minutes ago ..." I mumbled, stunned.

I had killed Amelie.

I dropped to my knees beside Julian, sitting on my hands to avoid touching anyone. "I'm so sorry, Julian. I didn't mean it. I didn't ..." My voice cracked. I expected violent sobs to follow, but they didn't. I was hollow. He didn't acknowledge my apology, hunched over and cradling Amelie's head.

And then a small groan changed everything.

Julian unfurled his body and I saw that life was returning to Amelie. I hadn't killed her!

"Help me, Eve ..." he pleaded, begging me with his glassy eyes. "Make her understand, please. I can't lose her."

I swallowed the lump in my throat. "I'll try." We sat in silence as Julian gently stroked Amelie's forehead, waiting for life to flow back into her limbs, for her face to round out again, for her lips to plump up, for her vibrant emerald jewels to shine. Most importantly, we waited to see which side of Amelie would greet us-Dr. Jekyll or Mrs. Hyde.

"Oh, Julian," she suddenly murmured, blinking. "What just happened ..."

I recognized the gentle lilt of her voice. Whether temporary or not, whatever had snapped inside her had reset itself and the old Amelie was back. I needed to take advantage of the moment.

"Amelie," I struggled to keep my voice calm. "Just hear me out. It's not at all what you think, I promise! Amelie."

Her head rolled to the side, peering up at me with beautiful catlike eyes. In that split second, I knew exactly what she looked like when she was five years old. Innocent and confused. The words tumbled out of me.

"There has never been anything more than friendship between Julian and me. Caden sensed my tension around Julian and he guessed it was because something happened between us. I didn't correct him. I let him believe it because it was safer for Julian that way. And I didn't tell you guys he was the Sentinel because it wasn't his fault. He was forced into it. He isn't helping them, Amelie. I promise!"

"It's true, Amelie," Julian jumped in. "My parents forced me into it. I didn't think anything of it back then. I was a stupid kid. I didn't care. I only knew Viggo and I wanted him dead, so what did it matter?" He leaned in to lay a gentle, lingering kiss on her forehead. "I would never let anything happen to you. I'd kill them all before that happened."

I could see she was listening, processing our words, and so I continued. "I found out what Julian was when we were at the Tribe and they were healing him. He was undressed and he moved and the blanket moved and then ... that's when I saw it. I swear to you. A complete accident."

Amelie's gaze shifted from Julian's face to mine and back to Julian's again. I couldn't read anything from her look-was she weighing our words for the truth or plotting our deaths? And then a tiny quirk of her mouth changed everything. "He does have a cute butt, doesn't he?"

The air rushed out of my lungs as I exhaled in relief.

"I'm so sorry, Amelie. I didn't know how to tell you. I was so scared you wouldn't forgive me," Julian finally whispered, his fingers running along the length of her cheek. "I don't want to keep any secrets from you."

She offered him a small, weak smile. "Maybe you should start talking then ...?"

"Talking about what?" Bishop's deep voice boomed suddenly from the entrance. He appeared in Julian's room so quickly, I yelped.

Julian, Amelie, and I shared a knowing glance. A silent agreement passed between us. The fewer people who knew about Julian's marking, the better. There was no need to divulge everything to everyone. While Amelie was willing to listen, not everyone else would. Thank God Max was busy hunting ...

Amelie gave the slightest shake of her head. "I just went a little crazy about Julian's friendship with Evangeline for a moment, that's all." I raised an eyebrow and looked at the pile of kindling that, just moments prior, had been a beautiful antique.

She let out nervous giggle and an apologetic shrug. "You know me."

"I can see that," Bishop said, eyeing the mess. His attention shifted warily to Wraith. "And what ... did he put you in your place?"

She frowned. "No ... Evie did."

A flash of worry pierced Bishop's beautiful charcoal irises and I shrugged. "I might have, though I don't know how." Inside my head, the voice screamed at me. It's happening! It's real!

"Evie," Amelie's airy voice grabbed me and I focused on her remorseful expression. "I don't know what came over me. I wasn't myself ... I'm so sorry."

I smiled and winked, though it did nothing to dislodge the stiff rod of tension rammed along my spine. "I deserved it. Well ... maybe not the whole dresser-launching part." Amelie's lip curved into a pout. "Don't worry about it," I said. But in her defense, if she'd kept something like that from me, I'd be angry enough to launch furniture too.

"And you decided to play darts with fancy daggers as well?" Bishop added, pointing at the protruding ivory-and-diamond handle of my Christmas present. In an instant, he was across the room and yanking it out. "What's this from?"

"It's mine!" Suddenly desperate to reclaim my gift from Caden, I stalked over, my palm out in front of me. "Hand it over."

He gave me that wide grin of his as he tossed the dagger into the air, letting it spin before catching it in his fingertips by the blade. "You sure you should have a weapon? You're bound to hurt yourself with it."

I snorted. You have no idea how right you are. "Yes, I'm sure. I need it."

With newfound caution, he carefully gave it to me handle first, his fingertips grazing mine. I sucked in a gasp, my eyes widening as I peered up at him, watching, waiting. Nothing happened. No shriveling, no collapsing, nothing. My breaths started to pass a little easier.

"Thanks," I mumbled, averting my gaze to Amelie and Julian. They were a thousand miles away, communicating through glimpses and caresses and whispers. If only I could get Caden to listen long enough for me to explain. "Come on." My feet slid backward, heading out. I need to find Caden. I need to explain.

"See you two ... much later?" Bishop grinned at Julian, oblivious to the near tragedy-how close I had come to being a dresser pancake, Amelie a shriveled corpse, Julian dismembered-now only something the three of us would know. And Wraith.

I followed Bishop and Wraith down the stairs to the foyer, my movements sluggish, my spirit hollow. I barely registered the delicate sound of holiday harps or the scent of cinnamon wafting through the air. Neither did anything to fill the void in my heart. Caden thought I'd betrayed him. I did betray him. I lied to him, allowed his imagination to torment him over something that wasn't true.

We trailed along the empty, cold halls. A feeling of ... absence lingered in the air. Mortimer and Viggo had to be in New York by now, along with Lilly and her crowd. Caden was ... I don't know where. I prayed he was by the tree, cooling off. I don't know what I expected for Christmas morning in Nathan's chateau with a bunch of vampires, werewolves, and a wraith, but I'd had higher hopes than this.

Bishop and I walked side by side in silence to the glass room, our arms briefly nudging but otherwise without contact, much to my relief. When we stepped in, when I saw that Caden wasn't here, my heart plummeted further. Mage was there, though, looking out over a blizzard. "Have you seen Caden?" I blurted. With a furtive glance at Bishop and a check of my tone, I added, "He was worried about Amelie. I wanted to tell him that everything's fine."

Mage whipped around to face me, surprise touching her brow. Studying me with arms crossed over her chest, her black eyes narrowed. "Evangeline ... do you feel different today?"

That infamous question. It meant something monumental had changed. "No, I don't," I answered truthfully. "Well, I feel crappy after all that port last night. Why?"

She shook her head, her gaze traveling down the lengths of my limbs. "I can see magic on you. It's weak but it's there."

I help up my arms in front of me. Still long, still skinny, one still stitched up. No magic. "Is that bad?"

She sighed. "I don't know yet. We need to ask Sofie."

I nodded. Another surprise. Maybe this so-called magic was what I had inadvertently used on Amelie earlier. Brushing that problem aside, I focused on the bigger one at hand. I forced a smile and told myself to act indifferent for Bishop's sake. Inside, my organs were roiling.

"Come! Enjoy the festivities!" Mage exclaimed, striding toward me with her arms held out. Her feet faltered suddenly, her black eyes landing somewhere over my left shoulder. On Wraith. She must've weighed her options and chose not to test him because she stopped where she was, instead gesturing to a side table laden with silver trays of pastries, deviled eggs, a well-stocked shrimp tree. In the center sat a small roasted pig surrounded by baked figs and assorted cheeses.

"I'm sure you must be hungry after last night," Mage said, a tiny hint of disapproval in her voice.

I patted my vacant belly. "This is a little excessive, don't you think?"

"Not with a pack of hungry wolves. Sofie wanted you all well fed for Christmas morning."

Speaking of which ... "Where is Sofie?" She should've appeared out of thin air by now. I looked around, expecting to find minty eyes watching me from some unseen corner. Then I remembered that Wraith was here. Maybe she couldn't handle being near me.

"She was pulled away for an ... urgent matter," Mage answered cryptically.

Yes, definitely avoiding me. Disappointment piled onto my anxiety. "Will she be back today?"

"Perhaps. Perhaps not." Mage picked up an enormous platter as if it were an empty paper plate. "Eat!"

I used to be hungry. Before Amelie discovered Julian's secret, Caden all but condemned me, and Amelie tried to squash me. Anything going into my stomach was going to come right back up. "I will ... soon. Thanks."

Bishop helped himself to a carafe full of red liquid, filling a wine glass with it.

I cringed, memories of the thick, sugary port still fresh. "Please tell me that's nonalcoholic, Bishop."

He grinned, taking a sip. "It's not port."

"Come," Mage's cool hand slid into mine. She led me to the twinkling Christmas tree where a myriad of pretty paper-covered parcels filled the space beneath. "There are a few things under there for you," she said with a smile, prodding me with nimble fingers. "Go on. It'll be a good way to distract you while you wait ..." I didn't miss the wink. For Caden, she meant. How did she always know? I nodded and gingerly walked over to the tree, more because I needed a diversion than because I was expecting or wanting Christmas gifts. The end of the world was coming, I was turning into a hideous goblin, and Caden hated me. Sitting here and unwrapping pretty little boxes seemed silly in comparison.

And yet, there was tiny flicker of hope within me, some tiny bud of simple delight in this act. I forget what Christmas morning feels like ... Kneeling down in front of the tree, I let my attention drift over the colorful packages.

"Oh, here," Mage swooped in to grab a tiny black box. She thrust it into my hand. "This is from Sofie."

My hand partially recoiled, panic rushing through me. The last time Sofie handed me a tiny box, a hundred-and-twenty-year-old curse bound itself to me.

Seeing my hesitation, Mage chuckled. "This one isn't cursed."

Inside was a piece of paper. I unfolded it to find Sofie's beautiful scrawl staring back at me. Filled with those who love you. S.

What did this cryptic little note mean? Had Sofie exhumed my mother's bones and cremated them to fill the box? Brushing the morbid thought aside, I lifted the note and unfolded the soft velvet cloth. Deja vu rocketed through me as I found the heart-shaped pendant sitting inside. The shape was the only similarity. This one was twice the size as the original, and thick, made of what looked like platinum, encrusted with a coat of crushed, multicolored diamonds.

"Wow," I murmured, lifting the chain to let it hang in the light. Its brilliant sparkle danced along the walls, even in the dull incandescent light from the lamps.

"You've got to be f ... you're kidding me, right? Another heart-shaped pendant?" Bishop crouched down to study it. "Is this supposed to be funny? What will this one do to you?"

"What more could it possibly do to me?" I answered. Still, I placed the pendant back into its box and set it on the coffee table. I wasn't in a rush to put on anything heart-shaped again ...

Bishop let out a mock sigh of exasperation. "Well ... way classier than what I got you," he said, sliding a long, silver package across the floor in one fluid motion. I caught the mischievous smile and my senses started to tingle. This can't be good ... When I peeled the paper back and spotted the Victoria's Secret logo on the top of a pale pink box, my wariness increased tenfold. I lifted the top cover and upon seeing the hot pink lace, I slammed the box shut, my face matching the color of the seductive outfit.

"Bishop!"

"What?" he answered, shrugging. "You had no issues with that stuff before. Remember, that one night you wore it and we-"

I gasped. "That wasn't me! That was-" I bit down on my tongue to stop myself just before I said her name, breaking Bishop's delusion, setting him back into his dark place of misery. It had been Fiona wearing her trademark hot pink outfits for Bishop. As if it weren't bad enough that the Fates had implanted Caden's memories of me into Bishop's head, now they had taken some of his memories of Fiona and swapped her out for me! Bishop's brain was a hot mess of delusions.

"Glad I'm memorable." He frowned. "Of course it was you ... You think I would've forgotten something like that?" His eyes widened suggestively as they grazed my body, setting my cheeks on fire again. "God, Evie. I know you're worried about this Tribe thing, but relax a little bit!" He leaned in to graze the side of my face with his hand. "Sofie will fix it." I froze, unsure of how to respond to his affections without hurting him. He leaned in and pressed his mouth against my ear, sending shivers through my body. "I miss you ..."

I couldn't help it. I slinked back, my body as stiff as a corpse with the unsolicited closeness. Turning to Mage, I whispered, "I don't know which is worse ..."

Her face smoothed over. "Definitely the alternative."

Bishop's charcoal eyes shifted from Mage to me, narrowing slightly. "What are you talking about? First, Amelie ... now you. Why does it feel there's a giant secret that I'm not a part of?"

Oh, but you are part of it, Bishop. You're at the center of it ... We needed to be more careful. I needed to distract him.

"No secrets," I said, smiling as I forced myself to reach forward and pat his knee. I held the box up in front of me. "Thanks for this. I'll be sure to model it for Max later," I offered with a sly wink, trying to make light of the situation.

Bishop made a stabbing motion to his chest. With a deep groan, he fell to the floor with dramatic flare. If my flippant rebuff wounded him, I couldn't tell. Either way, his focus was off the secret.

I glanced over my shoulder, hoping to find Caden lingering in a corner. No one but Wraith stared back. My shoulders sagged. Where could he be?

"Here's another one. From Amelie." Mage shoved a large box in my face, temporarily distracting me from the inner turmoil that must've been splayed across my face. Oh, Amelie ... I peeled the wrapping to reveal an oversized brown shoebox. Inside was a beautiful pair of soft brown leather riding boots, similar to the pair I'd brought to her on Ratheus. As I admired them, I noticed a narrow inner pocket. Hmm ... Sliding the boots on over my jeans, I tested my dagger's fit in one of the pockets. "Perfect!"

Bishop snorted. "You think you're ready for war now?" When he processed the severity of his words, the grin slipped off his face. He picked up my diamond pendant from its box, and tossed it up and down as if were loose change. "I hope it never comes to that."

"It's only a matter of time, isn't it?" I whispered sadly. Would it be before or after I miraculously freed Veronique? Before or after I turned into a jaundice-eyed freak? Before or after Caden told me to drop dead?

Caden ...

I searched the room again. Where the hell was he? I need to explain, damn it! Just five minutes to talk openly, freely, without guarding my words, without onlookers. Impossible ... The word became real as I spotted my dark-haired warden loitering in the shadows. Watching me. Always watching.

I folded my face into my hands, the urge to scream overwhelming. I wanted to run as fast as I could; through the door, into the snow, into freedom. Would Wraith chase me? Would I have five minutes to myself so I could drop to my knees and pound the earth, to pity myself, to plead with God or the Fates or whomever was running the show up there? So freaking ironic. Before, I was disappointed that Caden couldn't turn me. Now, all I wanted to do was remain human. Was that too much to ask?

I stood, bile churning the meager contents of my belly, and moved toward the hall. Wraith was instantly on guard, mirroring my steps. "Bathroom," I grumbled, my irritation growing with each second. I anticipated the upcoming argument.

As expected, he barged into the bathroom to inspect it, shoving me out of the way. "It is empty," he announced.

"Wow. If this grim reaper gig doesn't pan out for you, you could always take over for Sherlock Holmes."

"I do not understand your suggestion."

"Of course you don't," I pushed past him with a loud snort.

"I will wait outside," he added, unfazed by my snippy attitude. That only made me feel guilty. He was doing his job. He stepped out and turned his back to me. I shut the door and flipped on the fan, wanting added background noise given I had an audience.

Finally, alone. The treacherous girl with more deadly secrets than the Secret Service, deceiving her way through her days, misleading those she cares about most. All for the greater good. I had no right to get angry with any of them ever again! Everything they were doing was for the greater good of something. Whether it coincided with keeping me alive or not was irrelevant.

I sighed, my hands rubbing my eyes fiercely. "Caden, where are you ..." I whispered, more acutely aware of the emptiness in my chest than ever before.

A slight breeze kissed my cheek and then a hand fastened onto my elbow and yanked me backward into darkness. My jaw dropped, a blood-curdling scream rising in my lungs but someone's palm muzzled me, stifling it.

"Shhh ..." I heard, the source only an inch from my ear. It was enough for me to identify Caden, though. All of my anxiety expelled with a breath.

"Shhh," he warned again, his proximity all the more intense in pitch dark.

I nodded slowly. His hand slipped from my mouth. "Where are we?" I whispered, pawing through the murkiness , my fingertips grazing cold rock behind and in front of me. The space was narrow and held a musty chill. "In the secret passageway," I answered for myself, suddenly remembering. I waited for him to acknowledge my guess, to say something. Anything.

But Caden wasn't speaking. Dread tore away at my insides. This is it. He's going to tell me he hates my guts. Or... I ran into the wall as I took a step back, feeling my eyes widen in sudden alarm. He was a vampire and he was angry and jealous. I had already experienced an angry, jealous vampire earlier. She tried to kill me. And now I was in a dark, hidden passage with another one ...

My hands trembled, my heart pounded in terror. Was Caden about to kill me?

There was a moment's pause where I couldn't find a single appropriate word, fear swallowing me whole. Then too many words started tumbling out all at once. "Nothing happened between Julian and me! I swear it. I-"

My words died with a hard swallow as his hands found their place on my shoulders, pinning me against the wall. His mouth trailed lightly over my cheek, my ear, down to my neck, setting fire to my body. Speak, Caden! Say something! Please! But he remained silent. Not a word. It was the most unbearable form of torture.

And in that torture, my spirit, my resolve, my everything broke. "It's okay, Caden. It's probably for the best. I'll be dead in a few days, anyway," I sobbed, hot tears streaming down my cheeks, a flood of angst and heartache splintering the dam that had kept me together up until now. "Just know that I tried my best to do the right thing. But there's no way. Someone always gets hurt. I'm so sorry it was you this time. I still lo-"

Caden's mouth suddenly covered mine, ending all words, all thought. All ability to breathe. Pressing his body against mine, the level of self-control I had come to know about Caden disintegrated, his lips consuming mine with a new level of hunger. Not even my injured jaw mattered anymore. Caden was what I wanted. This was what I'd wished for. And this was probably the last time I'd ever have him.

Taking pleasure in the taste of his lips, I let my hands wander over his chest to his arms, memorizing every ridge, every muscle. Sliding up to his shoulders, my fingertips pressed into the deep ridges of his collarbone. With a groan, his fingers began to snake through my hair until they were tangled up near my scalp. Clenching his fists, causing a small bite of pain, his mouth slid to my neck. I let my head fall back, gasping with abandon, sinking further and further into Caden's passion, drowning in him.

"Take me away from here," I pleaded hoarsely. And suddenly I was cradled in Caden's arms and we were moving. Running in darkness, running to freedom, away from Wraith, away from Bishop. Away, together. I burrowed my face in his chest, relishing the fleeting moment. I knew it was wrong, I knew it was dangerous, and yet it was the perfect last wish granted before I fully morphed. And died.

Biting cold seized my body as we burst out of the secret passage and into daylight. Through the blizzard conditions, up and down hills, with me in his arms as if I weighed nothing, Caden continued running at that impossible speed that only his kind could manage. I didn't care where he was taking me. I didn't care about the cold. I buried my face in his soft sweater, inhaling his clean musky smell. Bliss.

Abruptly, the harsh wind vanished, replaced by a smoky aroma and a crackling fire. Caden lowered me down onto a cushion of blankets and furs. With arms on either side of my head, he hovered over me, gazing down at me with those intense jade irises that I wanted to bind myself to forever. I had no idea where we were. I didn't care, my eyes marveling over this being in front of me. My body trembled beneath him. I reached a tentative hand up to trace the line of his jaw. Quick, raspy breaths escaped my parted lips, creating a cloud in the still frigid air.

"You were worth waiting seven hundred years for," he whispered, his words unraveling my last shred of self-control.

***

A faded, timeworn glass pane revealed the horrendous winter scene outside. I shuddered with the sight, quickly pushing it aside in favor of sheer ecstasy. Enfolded in countless blankets, reveling in Caden's arms, my cheek resting against his bare chest, I let my eyes roam through the small building for the first time. "What is this place?"

"Looks like an outpost on the back of the property," Caden answered. "I found it the other day. They probably used it for hunting. I don't think anyone's stepped inside here for fifty years."

I could see what he meant. A hovel of wood planks, the shack's roof was caving in and riddled with holes, allowing enough snow through to form a thin layer over three quarters of the space. Aside from walls to buffer the wind, a simple woodstove in one corner provided the only comfort. Without it, we may as well be laying outside in the snow bank.

"They won't think to look out here for a while," he whispered, his hand smoothing over my forehead.

I shifted forward so we were chest to chest and stared down at his beautiful face, adoration swelling inside me. And yet sadness too. The corners of his eyes pulled downward and underneath them was slightly purplish. Weariness crept into his features. I'd never seen Caden look worn out before.

"I'm so sorry that I put you through all that, Caden," I whispered, squeezing my eyes shut before a fresh batch of tears spilled out. I didn't want to cry. Not now. Not after ...

"Hush," Caden lifted his head enough to plant the gentlest kiss on the corner of my mouth. When he lay back down, his mouth twitched into a smile. "So you let me believe that you guys-"

"I'm sorry!" I cried, burying my face in shame. "I didn't know what else to do!"

His arms enclosed around my naked back, pulling my face into the crook of his neck. "I would have done the same thing, Eve."

"Really? Why?"

He shrugged. "There was no other way to explain why you seemed so guilty and you couldn't tell any of us without risk to your friend. I get it, Eve ..." His fingers traced circles over my shoulders and down my spine. "You've gotten pretty good at lying, you know." My stomach churned, suddenly nauseated. But then strong hands slid down to sit on my thighs, instantly sparking renewed excitement. "You'll make a good vamp when Sofie figures this all out."

And out of nowhere, a heavy cloud obscured my happiness. Nausea. Elation. Despair. My emotions, bound to a yo-yo.

"I wouldn't hold out hope," I muttered.

"I have to," he whispered, lifting his hands to caress my cheek. "I can't last without you. I don't want to ..."

I pressed my ear against his heart, dreaming about what it sounded like when Caden had been human. Solid and strong, like he was.

A hand ruffled my hair. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have brought it up. I don't want to spoil this for you." He kissed the top of my head. We lay in silence for a long moment as I luxuriated in the feel of my skin against his.

"Nice boots," he said out of the blue.

I glanced over to my clothes, strewn across the floor. "A gift from Amelie. She put them under the tree before she tried to kill me ..."

"Hmm ... maybe you should put them on. Now."

I couldn't stop the whine from creeping into my voice. "I don't want to go back there yet."

"We don't have to just yet ..."

"Well, then ..." I lifted my head to look at him. "Why do you want me dressed?" A tiny but fierce spark of insecurity grabbed hold.

Flames danced in his pupils. "I don't want you dressed. I just want you to put your boots on."

"Oh!" Heat exploded in my cheeks. "Well ..." Two could play this game. Taking a deep breath, casting away all timidity, I stretched out to grab one, goosebumps instantly flaring over my entire body from the chill. Sliding my hand inside the boot's inner pocket, I pulled out the dagger.

"They're perfect for hiding things." I held the knife to Caden's neck in a teasing way. "Put out or else."

With a throaty chuckle, he leaned in, letting the blade push into the tender skin of his neck. My hand recoiled, my face marred with horror. That earned a bellow of laughter. "I'm definitely questioning my choice in Christmas gifts now," he said, peeling my fingers from the handle. He pulled me back down against him forcefully.

"I love you," I blurted out and then realized it was the first time I'd ever said those words to him out loud. I had meant to a thousand times and yet ...

Now, though, it was time.

I heard the sound of my dagger clatter against the floor as he tossed it away. His hands gently cupped the sides of my face as he lowered my lips to his, our mouths finding each other, as if they were a matched set. "So ...," he murmured, suddenly somber, "about that demand."

***

"Wraith is going to freak out when he realizes you're not in the bathroom," Caden stated, his fingers resting on the small of my back. I felt his Adam's apple bob against my forehead as he swallowed.

"I don't care," I grumbled childishly.

"You will care when he's handing you your toilet paper from now on. And it's going to be hard to explain to Bishop why I needed to sneak you away."

Too quickly, back to reality. I swallowed my sadness. "What are you going to tell him?"

Caden heaved a sigh of frustration. "I don't know, Evie. This is so messed up. He's my best friend and I want to put him through a wall every time he looks at you. Things are getting so damn compli-"

Suddenly, Caden's body went rigid.

I knew before he told me. He rolled off the blankets and was pulling his jeans on before I could register his movements. "Get dressed. Quickly," he ordered, yanking on his shirt.

The moment was gone. Our brief, intimate time together-incredible and surreal-dissolved as my snare tightened. I would do anything, give anything, swear anything, to freeze time for another hour so I could rest on Caden's broad chest and listen to his voice lull me into false safety.

I was up in a heartbeat, resentfully yanking my sweater over my head, not wanting Wraith to find me lying naked in a pile of blankets and animal pelts. Or Bishop ... That familiar gnawing of guilt attacked my insides with renewed strength. Seeing me here with Caden would send Bishop spiraling back to that dark world of misery and pain, tarnishing his false memories of our make-believe relationship.

But then I'd be free from another lie. Suddenly, selfishly, a part of me ached for Bishop to walk through that door. This whole nightmare circus would be over and I could go back to being with Caden again. Until I killed him ...

Caden swept up the suspicious mess of blankets and threw them into a corner behind the wood stove. I barely had the zipper to my jeans pulled up before the door splintered open, bringing with it a gust of wind and snow. And Wraith. Soulless blue orbs rolled over me-calm, unperturbed, void of all emotion-so inhuman. They locked on Caden and I could almost see the order register in his head. Enemy. Attack. Kill. Behind Wraith, four wolves and Max watched curiously. I briefly wondered what they thought of this. Then I realized I didn't care.

My demon guardian began closing the gap between him and Caden, arm outstretched, his long fingers stretching forward like deadly tentacles. I dove in between them and slapped his hand away.

"I waited for you by the bathroom," he stated with what might have been a glare, if his normal look could be any more sinister.

"Sorry," I grumbled, peeking over his shoulder in search of Bishop. When I didn't see him, my guilty conscience swelled with relief.

"I waited and then realized that you were not in the bathroom anymore." He stopped talking, waiting. Waiting for what? What could I say? Apologies meant nothing. And was I sorry? No. Not for a single second would I feel sorry.

"There are a million other bathrooms you could've used. You didn't have to wait for mine," I offered with a slap-worthy smirk.

"I do not require the use of restrooms," Wraith explained in all seriousness, not getting the sarcasm. I shook my head with annoyance.

Max finally sauntered past Wraith into the outpost, the floorboards creaking under his paws. Some of us aren't dead idiots, you know ... you can't just take off like that! Do you know how close Wraith was to killing every single one of us in that place, looking for you? Unlike Wraith's monotonous tone, Max was perceptibly upset. Guilt tightened around my already fragile heart. I knew Wraith would feel nothing beyond his call of duty. I hadn't thought of Max and the others. I thought of no one but myself. Selfish, selfish, selfish.

No-no! I hadn't just "taken off." This wasn't just a whim. This was my life. Caden was my life and all of these lies were suffocating me! I quashed the guilt with a bolt of anger, gritting my teeth defiantly.

"Where's Bishop?" Caden asked. "I'm surprised he's not with you."

Gone, Max answered.

The word screamed with wrongness. "What do you mean gone, Max?" My voice cracked and suddenly all kinds of thoughts whirled, making me clutch my stomach in panic. Had he seen us? Had he figured it out? I felt the blood seep from my face and I had to take a step back to lean on Caden.

"What'd he say, Eve? Tell me," Caden whispered, his hand closing over my shoulder, squeezing reassuringly.

He just took off, Max explained.

"He just took off? Where? What are you saying?" I pressed. "You let him leave?"

I mean he's gone! One minute he was there, and the next he was gone. Like you!

Before I could push for more information, Caden lifted me into his arms and ran out the doorway, yelling, "See you back at the house!" It felt like only seconds before we were back in the glass room, finding it empty except for Julian and Amelie. A heavy-pawed Max was right behind us. Thankfully Wraith couldn't match their speed.

"Where's Bishop?" Caden asked coolly, all business.

Anguish blemished Amelie's perfect features. "He remembered Fiona!" she cried out. I gasped at the sound of her name-Fiona. The forbidden name. "And then he ran screaming out of here. Mage went after him. That was over an hour ago."

An hour. Not long after I had gone into the bathroom and disappeared. My blood ran cold. "How?" I whispered.

"I don't know!" Amelie was hysterical. Julian's hands rested on her shoulders, trying to soothe her.

I turned to Caden. "Who could have told him?"

His face had to equal mine in shock. "There's no one left except a couple of wolves, and they don't know about Fiona. Did you see what he was doing before you left?"

I frowned, squeezing the bridge of my nose as I tried to remember what had gone on before Caden kidnapped me from the bathroom.

"Think, Evangeline!" Caden pushed.

"I don't know! We were sitting down here," I said as I walked over to the couch, retracing my steps from earlier. The Victoria's Secret box holding the provocative pink lace lay on the cushion, exactly where I'd left it. "I opened his present and I got up to go to the washroom ..." I mimicked my motions, sitting down in the exact spot. Then I stood and took several exaggerated steps in the same direction I had earlier, my eyes scanning the area. A sparkle on the floor caught my attention. I stopped.

And gasped.

"Oh no, no, no, no," I moaned as I dove to where Sofie's gift lay, now cracked open. "Damn it!" Sofie's note finally made sense. Full of those who love you. It wasn't cryptic. It couldn't be more obvious. "No, no, no ..." I pried the locket open the rest of the way to find four tiny pictures inside, with an inner leaf for two of them. My fingers shook as I flipped through them. One of Sofie, one of my mother, one of Caden, and the last ... a picture of Fiona, Amelie, and me, smiling.

"I didn't know!" I yelled as I looked up at Caden, the evidence displayed in the palm of my hand.

Caden's hands pushed back into his hair. "This is a disaster. We need Sofie. Now."

"Sofie's gone too," Amelie answered, her lip trembling.

Caden's hands dropped to his sides with a loud slap, his face filled with incredulity. "And where the hell is she gone to now?" he yelled.

"Mage is pretty sure she went to see the Fates," Amelie said.

My jaw dropped. "To see them?" I didn't think that was possible ...

"And when will she be back?" Caden asked, his voice rigid and unimpressed.

After a long pause, Amelie's mouth twisted into a frown. "Mage doesn't know. Possibly ... never."

Her words sliced through me. Sofie ... gone. Just like that. No warning, no goodbye. Nothing. "How could she risk that?" I cried out. But I already knew the answer. She was risking everything to fix me.

The room started to spin. Bishop, gone ... Mage, gone ... Sofie, gone. No. Not Sofie. Not yet! Sofie was my one constant in all of this. Always there, always caring, always trustworthy, even when her actions appeared counterintuitive.

"So what do we do now?" I asked, hunching into a ball on the ground, my voice hollow.

"Do you think Mage can catch Bishop?" Julian asked, wary eyes on Caden, as if unsure that he should make his presence known after the earlier bathroom incident.

"I don't know ... Bishop's fast," Amelie answered.

"Bishop's fast when he's not possessed," Caden added. "Now? Faster. Way faster."

Terrible scenarios cycled through my head. What if Bishop killed a bunch of innocent people to get away? What if Mage had to seriously hurt him to stop him? But worst ... "What if Bishop makes it to Manhattan?" I heard myself ask.

"He can't get into the building," Caden assured me, pulling me toward him.

"No, but ..." My brain wracked the possibilities. "He could ... torch it!" As soon as the words came out of my mouth, I was positive that's exactly what he'd do.

"Then the witches will have to come out and he would kill them," Caden countered without missing a beat. "That wouldn't be the worst thing."

My head was already shaking. "No, it's too dangerous for Veronique."

"But Veronique is safe in a stone statue," Amelie turned to stare at me, eyes narrowed. "Right?"

I shifted my weight, my latest deception unmasked. "No ... she's out."

What? When did this happen? Why didn't you tell me? Max hammered me with a barrage of questions that I couldn't focus on, given the volume of Amelie's voice.

"Out?" Amelie repeated. "As in, not safe ... not in the statue?"

My head spinning, I put my hands up to silence them all. First, Max. "I've known for a long time, Max. Since the jungle. I could've told you, I guess. I just didn't want you worrying. Or doing something stupid like running off to New York and getting yourself killed." Turning to Amelie, I said, "That's right. No one else knew except Caden. Not Sofie, not Viggo, or Mortimer or Mage ..." In the moment of silence that followed, I explained what happened when the Tribe spell took effect, how I had an out-of-body experience.

"Wow, so ... that means she's been their prisoner all this time?" Amelie said slowly. "Do we even know if she's still alive?"

"Yes." I bit my bottom lip while I gathered the courage to divulge my last bit of deceit. The last bit before I was completely free. "I connect with her in my sleep every night."

"What?" Caden and Max's combined explosion made me jump.

"I was about to tell you!" I said to Caden, my cheeks flushing, "But Wraith found us too soon."

He answered me with a stern glare. "Why didn't you tell me before? I mean, God!" His hands flew above his head. Then he froze, remembering something. His nostrils flared. "That night. The one where you woke up screaming. Complaining about fire."

I swallowed. "They're torturing her and I feel it when I'm there."

Caden closed the distance. "Why didn't you tell me?" The sudden iciness of his voice threw me off balance.

I turned away, unable to face his anger. "I was afraid you'd tell Sofie and then she'd fly there and start a war. I figured two people suffering was better than millions. They've stopped torturing her, anyway. They must've realized she's more useful alive than dead."

Pulling my face to his chest in a nurturing hug. "Oh my God, Eve! You could've told me! I get why you didn't tell anyone but come on!"

I took a deep breath. "I did tell someone. I told Lilly."

Caden's body went rigid. "You told her and not me? Why?"

"Because she's in Manhattan now and she's going to help us get Veronique out!"

Amelie dropped to the couch in defeat. "How? The place is fully bound by magic. No one's getting in there." I watched a thought unfurl on her face. She turned to somewhere behind me. "Except him."

I looked over my shoulder to find Wraith standing in the doorway. He must have just gotten there. He didn't have superhuman speed. He took his time before he sucked the life out of people. But Amelie was right! Wraith was immune to magic. Wraith was unstoppable. The only problem? He wouldn't go anywhere without me. But he didn't have to ...

"And me. I can get in there." I could do something. All this time, I thought I was helpless in getting Veronique out. But, for once, I wasn't a weak, useless human. With this Tribe magic coursing through me, no witch's magic could touch me. I was like Wraith in that way. Almost dead.

"And me," I heard Julian's voice behind me. I turned to see Julian's slow smile building. "Let me help. I can help. Not only will their magic not affect me but I can get in with my tattoo."

Tattoo? What tattoo? Max suddenly chirped.

Oh, crap. "Nothing, Max."

Caden exploded before Max had a chance to question further. "Are you two nuts? We're not sending Evangeline in there! She's not immortal, remember? She'll die!"

"If we don't get Veronique out of there before they do something drastic, no one is safe. No one at all, Caden," I reminded him softly. "Think of what Viggo and Mortimer will do if the witches kill her." He began to shake his head but I was already talking again, my jaw set defiantly and a huge weight lifted off my chest as I committed myself to what I knew was right.

"I'm not asking you. I'm not asking anyone. I can do this. I didn't realize it before but now that I know, I have to do this. I need to do this for Veronique and for myself. Because I want to, not because I'm cursed to."

Caden turned away from me. I ignored him, instead turning to Amelie. "How are we going to get there?"

With a dismissive wave of her hand, she simply said, "Easy."

Wraith spoke up then, unruffled by anything. "Where will we be going?"

I felt my pulse quicken. Back to the start of it all. "Back to New York."

13. Playing Games-Sofie

Soothing, rhythmic waves lapped around me as I regained consciousness. I lay on my back, my body rising and falling as if floating over waves, my body enveloped in a tropical warmth. Such peace. I allowed myself a moment to relish the calm, gazing up at a mass of blue sky. A seagull squawked in the distance. Its mate immediately responded, bringing to life memories of a childhood on the beach in southern France, baking under the sun without a care. I sighed ...

The Fates.

Awareness ripped through me. I was on my feet in an instant, suspicious eyes scanning surroundings for the immediate threat. I saw none. I was alone in an ocean-crystal blue water stretching as far as the eye could see in every direction, barren except for the sheets of ice floating by at unnatural speeds. Sheets of ice in balmy temperatures. My first clue that something was off.

On sheer instinct, I looked down at my feet to find soft ripples of water and my own disheveled reflection staring back at me. I was standing on water! I pawed the back of my shirt. Bone-dry. Not one inch of me touched by water, though I had just floated on top of it. Hesitating briefly, I took a step forward. Then another. Tiny circular waves formed around my feet as I walked but the water's surface held. A tiny awed smile crept over my lips.

Just below the water's surface, rapid swirling movement caught my attention. I leaned down to catch a flurry of fins moving past. Sharks. More sharks than I had ever seen in one place, schooling together in a circular whirl as if preparing for a feeding frenzy. Circling below me. I chuckled. The Fates were testing my fear of oversized fish? Did they forget I'm not human?

A crackling sound drew my attention back up above the surface. Wisps of lead-colored smoke materialized off the sheets of ice, quickly forming into a dense, noxious fog. Up, up it rose, stretching to cloak the peaceful blue sky, turning the atmosphere hostile.

Where the wisps of smoke had materialized on the ice, sparks of green and blue now flickered. I watched as they swiftly matured into a wild inferno of colorful flames, skittering over the surface of the ice. It reminded me of a choreographed fireworks spectacle and I smiled, half expecting an ensemble of violins to join in the display.

The dark haze vanished, taking with it the ocean and the ice formations. Instead, a vast, dusty wasteland of withered plants and arid ochre soil stretched without bounds. The sky hung in an unappealing reddish hue. Nothing flew by. Nothing crawled. Nothing lived. Even the cacti-made to withstand the most barren environment-were brown and shriveled.

I began to walk through the desert, waiting for the next oddity to take shape. But nothing came. And so I walked, feeling the atmosphere leeching moisture out of my body. Soon, my tongue began to work against the roof of my mouth. For a human, this was the beginning of dehydration, requiring vats of water. For a vampire, this meant only one thing. Blood thirst. A dangerous phase to be in should a human suddenly appear ...

The air grew denser and drier, until it was compressing my lungs, making it hard to ... breathe? I opened my mouth and felt the draw of the atmosphere pour into those useless masses in my chest that once kept my mortal self alive. I was breathing! For the first time in a hundred and twenty years, I was desperate for air! In ... out ... in ... out ... Large, long drags through my nose, into my lungs.

I continued on, my footsteps lighter, bouncier. A few strands of hair flew up to tickle my nose as the beginnings of a welcome breeze took shape, carrying with it a tranquil sensation. It was so calming, so soft, caressing my cheek, reminding me of meadows and children's laughter ...

The tranquility vanished in a heartbeat as a wall of sand and grit slammed into my side, forcing me down to my knees. I cowered with my head buried in my arms, flinching as grit whipped at my skin, like a thousand wasp stings. Out of nothing rose a deafening screech, a loud, high-pitched engine sound. At first I ignored it, content to hide my face. But it only grew louder, angrier, until I couldn't ignore it, convinced that I was about to be pulverized by a speeding freight train.

Forcing my head up, teeth gritted, eyes opened, I expected to kiss a metal train grill. The instant my eyelids lifted, though, the wind and sound vanished. There was no train. There was nothing but a strange hissing sound and a wall of dark gray wind rotating furiously ten feet in front of me. Behind me. All around me. Tipping my head back, I saw the tunnel rise all the way into the sky. A tornado. I was standing motionless in the eye of a tornado. Not a hair on me shifted, even as the deadly force embraced me in a cocoon of particles and shriveled plants, as it spun at speeds powerful enough to toss a car like a toddler tosses its toy.

Closer and closer the dark wall came, tightening around me, the powerful mass now within arm's reach. This wasn't normal. This is not what a tornado did. This tornado was alive, and morphing. It was going to swallow me whole.

Never one to suffer from claustrophobia, something about the uncontrollable chaos unnerved me. Don't panic. Don't panic. Reaching inside, I began plucking threads of my magic.

I shrieked as invisible hands ripped at the flesh and muscle that kept me whole. It was as if my own helix strands were retaliating against me. I crumbled to the ground in agony. Agony like nothing I had ever encountered before, and I knew pain. I'd had more than my share of being scalded, skewered, stabbed, shot, and tortured a dozen different ways. None compared to this. This was sweeping and excruciating to my core.

Clenching my teeth until I thought they would crack, panting in pain, I peered down at my arms, almost expecting them to drop to the ground. Why were the Fates punishing me like this? Why bring me here to drag on this torture?

And then it dawned on me.

It was to demonstrate their divine power. They were showing me the force I was up against. I was a simple organism next to them. A feeble nothing. They controlled all; they granted all. Next to them, I was but a mortal. How dare I use my magic to counter what they were conjuring?

As if my thoughts triggered relief, the tornado vanished along with my agony, leaving me hunched over in a small pile on the dirt, disoriented and unbalanced. Taking a deep breath, I lifted my head, preparing myself for the next exhibition. The next test. My eyes met white. All was white. Like a psychiatric ward, only there were no decipherable walls or ceiling or floor. No doors. I was sitting inside a two-dimensional blank canvas and the artist hadn't begun yet.

A shimmer somewhere off in the distance grabbed my eye. A tiny ripple of light-like a tear in the canvas-broke through. Then another ... and another. All around me, shimmers of light appeared and grew closer until my surroundings undulated like sunlight glimmering on a thousand diamonds. Out of these iridescent waves floated four forms with no discernible features. They glided forward and began to take shape.

My environment morphed yet again. I was no longer crouching in a white nothingness. I was now perched on a round marble pedestal, maybe a foot in diameter and the axis of a shallow, round vessel, divided in four equal sections by short walls. Each section brimmed with tiny glass marbles.

A forest of peculiar trees outside of the vessel had appeared in the seconds that my eyes were focused on the glass marbles. The trees were the size of enormous ancient oaks, their canopies sprawling, only their trunks were made of a crystalized substance. I gazed in awe at the perfectly round, stiff leaves of kaleidoscopic colors hanging from the branches. Though no breeze touched the air, they shifted and glistened in the sunlight. Sunlight from not one but seven glowing masses above. Ferns with the same kaleidoscopic leaves covered the forest floor, looking all the more bizarre given the glimpses of lush green grass peeking out from beneath.

A crunching sound attracted my attention to the left, to a grove where a pair of deer grazed on the fern leaves, seemingly unbothered by the unusual texture of their meal.

I could've spent hours mesmerized by the peculiarities around me-the two-headed owl settled on a crystal branch, the patch of rainbow-colored four-leaf clovers, two squirrels prancing along the ground on their hind feet, holding hands as a loving couple would-but the four figures now standing beyond the bowl were more than enough to occupy my attention. Two men, two women, dressed in gauzy white gowns. That much I could tell. They had the typical human traits-noses, eyes, limbs-but there was nothing typical about them. Four sets of perfectly round irises like stained glass windows studied me as I stared back at them. Their noses were long and excessively narrow, their lips thin and wide and tinged with blue, their cheekbones high and angular. They all had identical long blond hair, only the strands looked like spun gold and floated around their shoulders as if immersed in water. These creatures were both hideous and hypnotically beautiful.

The Fates.

One of the females stepped forward, her soft white gown billowing around her. "You called?" I shivered at the sound of her high-pitched voice, like chimes in the wind.

I cleared my throat, buying myself some time. My mind was a pool of scrambled questions, and grievances. I hadn't thought this through. I hadn't ever expected this chance. Now that I had it, what did I say? "My name is-"

"Sofie," all four finished in unison in that same fluid sound.

My lips pressed together as I silently admonished myself. Of course they know your name! But, then again, they would also know why I'm here, wouldn't they?

"To ask us to reverse our answers," the speaker answered. An inkling of worry lanced me. Can she read my mind?

"Yes ..." A smile stretched those thin lips.

My breath caught as I took a turn around the circle, studying the rest of the faces, all similarly peculiar. Can they all read my mind?

"Yes," the chorus of voices confirmed, their laughter ringing out again, their brows arching into half-moons. Were they enjoying this? Bile rose in my throat. I hated having anyone in my head. I had despised Nathan for it when I was human and I loved him! Now I had all four of them dissecting my thoughts.

I felt my shoulders hunch under their inspection. In my world, I was at the top of the food chain. Here, though, in their arena, I was a vulnerable, weak mortal ...

And a sitting target, balanced on this pedestal, I realized, as I surveyed my situation again. "Would you mind if I come out of this bowl so we can talk?" I kept my voice controlled as I peered down at the marbles again. They weren't typical marbles, I could see that now. I squinted to get a closer look. Some had swirls of burnt orange and red, others were a pale yellow, and others brown. But the ones with small patches of green, blue, and wisps of white swirling around caught my eye. There was no mistaking what these little balls were now. Tiny worlds! My jaw dropped as I scanned over the giant vessel, at all the tiny worlds resting there. There had to be thousands!

"Yours is here." The female Fate pulled a blue and green ball out of her pocket and held it up between her index finger and thumb. My heart jumped as she tossed it up in the air and deftly caught it, as if it were no more precious than a quarter. With a toothy grin displaying slightly elongated canines, she slid the tiny orb back into her pocket and gestured with a hand. "Come forward, please, but be careful. These worlds are fragile."

To demonstrate, one of the male Fates leaned into the vessel and picked up a marble. Holding one hand below the other, he squeezed the tiny ball between his fingers. I heard a soft popping sound and then watched dust drop to his outstretched hand.

He obliterated a world. A world of living, breathing, loving humans. Little boys and girls, devoted families, the innocent. Just like that. I gaped at him, trying to quash my rising alarm. If he could do that to a world without a blink of an eye ...

"Does that bother you?" His brow quirked as if genuinely surprised. "But there are so many others," he offered, passing his hand in a sweeping direction over the other worlds.

When I didn't give him an answer, he closed the outstretched hand that held the destroyed world dust and reopened it to show the tiny world perfectly whole once again. "Very well then," he said and placed the tiny ball back into the pit.

We are all-powerful. That's what they were telling me. They could give life and take it away, and give it back again. With the clench of a fist, a quiver of a thought, a sour mood.

I looked down again at the bowl before me. With my vampire traits, I could sail over these worlds with no effort. But I was certain those traits were paralyzed here. Without them, I would crush dozens of planets, kill billions of creatures with an awkward shift of a toe. Would the Fates recreate them if I did? My eyes grazed over their expressionless faces, harder to read than an ancient script. They were reading my thoughts right now. They could answer me if they wanted to, to alleviate my worry, and yet they didn't answer. They wouldn't give even a hint.

No, I'd stay right where I was.

"We wondered when you would request an audience with us," another of them said. "We so rarely grant them."

"Request ... that's one way to put it," I answered sarcastically, adding, "Why'd you do it?"

The Fate with Earth in her pocket smiled. "Because you are special."

My head cocked in surprise, not expecting that answer. "In what way?"

She didn't answer my question. Instead, she asked one of her own. "Do you not wonder why you are so powerful? Where your magic comes from? Why you can do things with ease that other sorceresses seem unable to even consider?"

"Yes," I answered truthfully. Countless times, in fact. But I'd always shrugged it off as the result of being more experimental than the typical witch. Reckless, Nathan used to call me ...

A ring of laughter surrounded me, like a melodious tune carried in a breeze. "You are reckless." She was reading my mind again. The female with Earth stepped forward, bare toes sliding under the tiny worlds. They spilled and rolled off her feet and ankles as she slipped through, unconcerned about breaking any of them. "But you are also unique." Her hands lifted to her chest in meaning. "I gave you your extraordinary power ... my child."

Those last two words slammed into me, almost knocking me off my pedestal and my mouth struggled to form words. In reality, if she considered herself a god, then she'd consider all people her children, and yet a stir in my gut told me there was more to it than that.

"Yes," she crooned, answering my thoughts. "You are my child. One of mine."

"No ...," I responded slowly, straining to grab hold of flashes of a pretty auburn-haired French lady taking a wire brush to my own red locks. Mama ... such a gentle, young woman ...

"She was merely a vessel," the Fate answered, her voice turning icy cold.

"A vessel who gave birth to me and raised me? Whose genes and eyes and nose I share?" I threw back, anger sharpening my tone over her disrespect for Mama.

The Fate smiled as I would imagine a mother smiling at her four-year-old child when she said something silly. "You are my child. I chose you."

"Why? Why did you choose me?"

Another round of melodious laughter. "Why not?"

A spike of irritation raced through me. I wasn't going to get a straight answer from them, and yet this was my only chance to get any answers. I decided to probe differently, even though it was futile given they could read my mind. "All four of you gave it to me? Or just one of you?"

The Fate cocked her head to the right. "Numbers are subjective, aren't they?" In the blink of an eye, the group of four Fates multiplied into dozens of long-haired forms. I blinked and shook my head to focus. When I did, they now numbered in the hundreds. Then, just as quickly, they all vanished, leaving only four.

I worked hard to school my expression."Neat parlor trick." Awe and annoyance competed for my attention. If my attitude bothered them, they didn't let on.

With a stone-faced gesture, she pointed to the man to her left. "Meet Incendia."

I felt my brow furrow as I translated the word. It was familiar. Latin. Incendia ... that means ... A flaming rope lashed toward me from the male Fate's fingertips, quickly coiling around my arms, snaking over my torso, until my entire body was engulfed in flame. Before I had a chance to scream, the flames disappeared. "Fire ..." I finished my thought as a gasp, swallowing my panic.

"This is Ventus," she continued, pointing to the other female Fate next to Incendia. I looked to Ventus to see only a tiny smile before her body twisted and morphed into a miniature tornadic funnel. She slammed into me, lifting me off my feet, that deafening freight train sound filling my ears again. As with Incendia before, the funnel suddenly disappeared, dropping me safely onto my circular platform. "Wind," I translated for myself.

"Unda is behind you." I barely turned before a giant wall of water crashed into me, sending me flying backwards, flipping head over heels as if caught in the base of a waterfall. I sensed my body plummet to the depths of the universe with no hope of resurface. In another instant, I was standing on my feet on the platform again, not an inch of me damp.

I only just had time to gather my bearings before a mountain of soil rained down on me from above, entombing me, cutting off all access to the oxygen my mortal shape required. I waited for the soil to vanish. I prayed for it to vanish. Just when I thought I'd met my breaking point, just when I was sure I would pass out from lack of oxygen, the dirt fell away to reveal the female Fate once again.

"And I am Terra," she stated, with the tiny globe in her hand again. Earth ...

With a bead of sweat running down my back, I appraised all four of them again. Fire, wind, water, earth. The four elements. They were what magic embodied. All powerful. All deadly. And based on their greetings, all violent. I paused to calm my nerves.

"So there are four of you?" I asked again.

"Perhaps. Perhaps not."

Perhaps four Fates. Two female, two male ...

"Do not dare label us," Terra warned, crispness in her voice as she plucked thoughts out of my head. "We can be whatever we want, whomever we want. We aren't bound by your laws." Instantly, the four of them morphed and eight scaly, enormous dragons appeared in their place, kaleidoscopic snake eyes watching me with evil intent, as puffs of flame escaped their nostrils.

"You're ...," I began to speak and they quickly morphed into four different creatures: Incendia, a bear; Ventus, a mermaid; Unda, a gigantic tarantula; and Terra, an alienlike creature. All different, but all maintaining those same variegated eyes through their transformations.

They are whatever they want to be, I surmised. How would I get information from such evasive creatures? I decided on a fairly simple and unobtrusive question. "When did you give me my powers?"

Terra twisted her lips as if deciding how to answer, or if she would answer. "On your fourteenth birthday," she finally confirmed.

Fourteen. I remembered that birthday well. By breakfast, I was exploding cups and saucers without thought. By dinner I accidently set fire to the neighbor's barn. Within days, my powers rivaled the most advanced of my classmates. In weeks, my tutors.

"And what were you hoping to accomplish by giving them to me?"

"Accomplish?" Terra chuckled. "There is nothing to accomplish. There just ... is. We just ... are."

I scowled, earning a giggle from Unda, her face alight with excitement over my frustration.

"Why did you come here? To play games or to ask us for help?" Incendia demanded to know, crossing long lean arms over his chest.

Play games? They were the ones playing games! I breathed in through my nose, held it for a moment in my lungs, and then pushed it back out. "You know exactly why I came. Why did you bring me here?"

"We do not answer questions. We give answers," he barked in response and my head jerked to one side with the force of his tone, as if he somehow slapped me.

Any rational person should be on their knees, begging for mercy. I had lost my ability to be rational long ago. "No answers? Not even for your special person?" I retorted, my mouth twisting sourly.

Incendia scoffed. "You are Terra's, not mine." So they each had their own 'chosen ones.'

"Come now," Terra said soothingly, a smile on her face as she spoke to her counterparts. "We may as well give her something. She's given us so much."

What the Hell have I ever given them?

Terra turned to me, smiling in response. Her arms fanned out over the bowl of worlds. "What have you given us? A break from this monotony! These worlds," she reached down, scooping up a handful, "so many, and all the same! The same requests, the same wishes, the same pleading ..." She said, shaking her head as she tossed the worlds back in. Popping sounds filled the air as they crashed into others, breaking apart. Destroying life. Destroying existence ...

I forced that sick feeling in my gut down, focusing on my own needs. Information. Respite. "And how have I done that?"

"By being you! Reckless, stubborn, persistent Sofie!"

I frowned. "I don't understand."

Terra began walking around the semicircle, passing each of the other elements as she spoke, her hand waving across the vessel. "We govern over existence. Each of us has a universe."

The dividers in the wheel-they now made sense! Four quarters, four Fates, four universes.

"That's right," Terra explained. "Each one of these universes is identical. Each one has a planet just like yours." Four universes, four planets. That meant there wasn't just one parallel planet to Earth. There were four!

"She catches on quickly," Ventus chimed in, but by the irritation in his voice, I don't think he saw that as a good thing.

"Four versions of the same world times how many worlds ..." Terra continued, ignoring him. "Don't think you are unique or clever, or somehow you wish for things that others do not. The same spells come to us, over and over again. Immortality, wealth, beauty, youth, revenge ..."

"Blah, blah, blah," Unda droned. "Wrath, greed, sloth, pride, lust, envy, and gluttony. The seven sins-over and over again. You're such dull creatures. It becomes ..."

"Tedious after a while." Terra completed her circle around the bowl, ending where she began to finish Unda's sentence.

"And you must answer them all?"

"No ... not in the least."

"So ... why don't you just ignore the requests, if they're so tedious?" I pressed.

"Yes, we do much of the time. But we can't ignore all. What else would we do, then?" With hands widespread over the bowl and orbs focused, Terra stated, "This is our purpose."

My head was spinning by now. I'm sure there was a simpler way to explain all this. "We maintain equilibrium. Where there is life, there must be death. Happiness for sadness. Love for hate," Terra explained.

"For whom?"

Terra's brow quirked, the first sign of confusion I'd seen from any of them. "For whom?"

"Yes. Who decided you needed to maintain the equilibrium?" Again, that bewildered look. "Is there a higher power than the Fates?"

"We answer to no one!" Incendia features suddenly tightened into a savage glare.

Well, I guess that's a touchy subject. Whether there was someone or something higher was still unclear, though I had a feeling perhaps a higher power was in control, beyond these Fates. Incendia's eyes narrowed as he read my mind.

"So, you just answer us when you feel like it?" I asked.

Terra smiled. "More or less. When one of you casts your spell, we decide how that spell will be delivered, how the course of fate will be changed. If it will be changed."

Change the course of fate ... the blood in my veins suddenly sparked. "Yes, about that." Now I remembered why I was here. What had driven me to demand to see these wretched things. I crossed my arms, leveling Terra with a stare. "I don't recall asking you to bind a baby to a deadly curse, or resurrect my lover. Or kill him in the first place!"

Four arrogant smiles answered me. I wanted to punch them all, but I knew they'd eviscerate me if I so much as moved.

"The rules are simple," Terra began. "Listen closely, for we'll only explain once. If we answer your request, we must do what you wish. How we choose to do so is up to us. That's part of the fun."

"Fun?" My voice turned shaky. Four universes, four games. Mage was right. This was all a game! I was their entertainment! "And of course you couldn't ever simply give us what we want," I added bitterly.

Bewilderment flashed across Terra's face. "I suppose we could but ... how monotonous this burden would become for us!"

"You killed Nathan because you were bored?" I shouted.

Her composure was enough to drive someone off a cliff. "No ... you killed Nathan. Remember?"

Rage tore through me. I wanted to leap forward and attack her. I pictured doing it. The picture was immediately obliterated by a wave of crippling pain. My knees buckled and I crumbled to the pedestal, panting as it took its time to subside.

"Finished?" Incendia purred with a wicked smile. "I am the one who decided to eliminate Nathan. That was my twist to the spell. That's how the game works. Each of us has our chosen ones and we can grant the spell but not without council and input from the others. That way, no one is favored."

"So," I said, still winded from my warning, "for every Causal Enchantment I come to you with, you will grant it but not without perverting it into something so skewed from what I asked for, it is more a punishment. To what end?"

"We've already explained that," Incendia answered coolly.

I struggled to my feet. "Oh, yes. That's right. For your entertainment." I spat out each bitter word. "When will it end?"

"When only one chosen is left standing."

"So one of you is supporting me while three of you are always trying to break me."

"Basically," Ventus answered flatly, shrugging. "Nothing personal."

Yeah, right ... "And so how many of these 'chosen ones' are left?"

"Two," Unda answered. "You and Incendia's."

I'm in a competition and I don't even know who my competitors are. A tiny part of me-the aggressive Sofie-swelled with pride over being in the final two. Whoever this person was, they were important. "So either I break or yours breaks," I surmised. "And then what?"

Incendia shrugged noncommittally. "We start again. We choose another planet. We find our players, and we begin."

How many of these "games" had they played? How many worlds destroyed? "And Earth? My world?"

"We never grant the same request in the exact same way twice. That's a rule," Terra began to explain in an authoritative voice. "But, no matter how we choose to play the game, all paths will lead to one fate. Your world will end, my dear Sofie. That I can assure you."

A desperate numb feeling washed over me as I regarded Terra more closely. She was both my protector and my punisher. Without her gift of choice and her magic, I would not be a vampire. I would have died long ago, buried by Nathan. With her gift, I have suffered countless injuries, caused pain to others time and time again. And now they were telling me all of it was hopeless.

"Can't I buy some more time?" I asked, my voice hollow.

"Perhaps. Perhaps not," Ventus answered, that caginess back, indicating my time for asking questions had come to an end.

"Now that we have given you some information, what is it you want from us?" Terra asked.

What? Seriously? "You know exactly what I want!"

"Yes, we do. But you must ask it and then we will decide how we will grant it. We cannot simply interfere with fate at our choosing. We have no autonomous power over the worlds. Our only mode of influence is through spellcasters and their requests."

I hesitated, this piece of information highly interesting. How on earth should I request them to reverse all that they had done? Any request I made would be poisoned seven ways from Sunday. The mess could grow more serious than it was today. A thought struck me.

"And if I don't? If I just stop casting spells? This game might never end, right?"

Four expressions turned stony and I realized I had found a loophole. I smiled. If I didn't cast spells, they didn't have a game. If they didn't have a game ... Had I found a bargaining chip?

A blur, a shift. Suddenly our surroundings changed. I now stood within Nathan's gardens, crisp summer night air drifting across my bare shoulders. Out from behind the oak tree stepped a tall, lean, man. My insides melted. Nathan. Nathan as I remembered him. Nathan with chocolate brown irises. Nathan who recognized me, loved me ...

I pawed the air in front of me, my fingertips searching for his flesh. "Wouldn't you like Nathan back?" Ventus cooed softly from an unseen location.

Oh, to have Nathan back ... To bury my head in that shoulder, to slip my hands around his neck, along his chest ... to feel his soft lips graze mine again. For a long moment, I did nothing but stare at that beautiful face. It would be so easy to say the words.

No, wait! No, it wouldn't! They dangled Nathan in front of me but I knew that what I would get would not be Nathan. Look what they had already done! No ... I gritted my teeth, fighting against their wicked temptation. Like serpents, the Fates were using my weakness against me to keep their game moving.

I'm on to you all! I laughed mirthlessly. "But you did give him back to me, remember? With a few extra bad habits." My attempt at indifference to Wraith came out sounding strangled.

I was back on my pedestal, staring at the four of them around the vessel. Terra offered a thin smile. "Well, then, what can we offer you, Sofie? Would you like your venom back? Would you like to stop this impending war?"

Promises, promises. All just words. Words that would be twisted, tainted, mutilated into something grotesque and unrecognizable. Gritting my jaw, I shook my head stubbornly but said nothing.

Again, my surroundings changed in a swirling mist. I now stood in a cold, dark room. I recognized it. It was one of Viggo's cellars. A frail young woman sat huddled in a corner, her dress long-since stained, her arms bruised, her curly brown locks hanging limply around her.

"Would you like your sister back in her tomb?" Unda whispered.

I felt the blood drain from my face. I fought my rising panic. It's not real. It's not real. They're desperate. The cell vanished and I was back on the pedestal yet again, facing Unda, her mouth warped into a toothy, taunting smile.

"Oh, that's right. You didn't know. Your human girl has betrayed you ..."

14. Yellow Eyes and Blue Prints-Evangeline

From the outside, all appeared tranquil at Viggo's palace. No indication that the front gates were in shambles, blown up by witches' fire; no hint that the scenic atrium was now a rotting battlefield; no signs that a young woman, guilty only for her choice in lovers, was being tortured mercilessly. But I knew better. I knew because I had seen it firsthand.

The second we made the decision to come to New York, Ivan called Lilly on her cell. She suggested we take Kait's jet. Vampires and their private jets ... Kait's jet was smaller and simpler than Viggo's, but it had wings and it got us over the ocean fast-I hoped fast enough that we arrived before Bishop. That's all that I cared about.

Kait didn't have a flight crew on twenty-four-hour call. Amelie quickly remedied that issue by compelling two nearby pilots to abandon their own planes and fly ours. We were in the air in less than an hour and landing in seven-the entire time shared between drifting off to sleep and fighting with Caden, Amelie, and Max over Julian and I stepping foot inside that place. Shouting turned to pleading turned to whining. Caden even tried persuading Wraith on the perils of me entering those gates. It didn't work, thankfully. I was noticing that Wraith didn't forbid me anything; he simply ensured he was one step ahead of me to destroy any potential threat.

There were twenty of us stationed on the tenth floor of a condominium complex across the street from Viggo's. It was a nice, modest space with functional living room furniture and a large table covered with blueprints. Lilly had purchased the condo forty years ago, she explained, as nothing more than an observation spot. To watch her mother's killer. She claimed Viggo knew nothing about it. I highly doubted that. I'm sure Viggo knew the place down to the paint hues and the abstract print on the curtains. I'm sure he didn't care. I'm sure he took great twisted pleasure in it all.

"The streets are so quiet," I said, observing Manhattan from my perch on the windowsill. It was about four-thirty in the afternoon and dusk was settling in. Traffic was lighter than I had seen in the past. The few passersby huddled within burly winter jackets as they rushed down the sidewalk.

"It's Christmas and it's cold. Humans don't like the cold." I turned to find Lilly's sharp blue eyes studying my face. She gave me a wary smile and I was suddenly overwhelmed with gratitude. Sofie was gone. Mage was gone. Lilly felt like an appropriate substitute.

"And most are at home, enjoying a Christmas dinner. They're not staking out a witch sanctuary."

"This morning's church attack certainly can't help," Galen said from his outstretched position on the couch.

"What attack?" Caden and I asked in unison. I felt him move in behind me, his hand sliding across my waist. Conflict churned inside me. I shouldn't let him touch me anymore, that voice told me. Stop testing the Fates! I was lucky enough for that one thrilling hour back in France. Every second that I toyed with inevitability after that, I was guaranteeing doom ...

Eventually ... I would kill him.

But right now, I needed him. My willpower dissolved into a puddle at my feet as I leaned back to rest against him. In answer to Caden's question, Galen grabbed the remote to the flat screen television. A mannish blond female reporter filled the camera screen, her backdrop a dwindling blaze in the night.

"Police are saying this morning's Christmas massacre was gang-related, though experts believe the brutality inflicted on the bodies was more that of a vicious animalistic attack. Most of the evidence was burned in the fire. However, the scant remains pulled from the catastrophe are being sent to forensics for further examination. Police believe as many as two hundred people perished in the church when the doors were barred and the building set on fire, in what is being called one of the most brutal Christmas attacks in United States history ..."

Blood rushed to my head and drowned out the reporter's words. Two hundred innocent people, dead. Two hundred men, women ... children. My knees folded. Caden's grip held me up. Two hundred people expecting nothing more than a few prayers followed by a day of celebration with their families. Sickness tossed and turned and rose inside me. It was beginning. "How ..."

"Like baby chicks in a pen. Lazy hunting. The sign of a newly turned vampire," Kait scorned, her bright orange mouth twisted with distaste.

Newly turned vampires. Jonah's army. I groped for Caden's hand, entangling my fingers with his, grasping for support. This was a disaster.

"Should we call Viggo and Mortimer? Let them know?" I asked absently.

Kait's responding snort filled the silent room. "You think they don't know? Who do you think barred the doors and set fire to the building?"

I was already shaking my head. "No ... not Mortimer ..." Mortimer wouldn't have done anything like that.

A wicked laugh mocked me. "You silly girl."

"Kait," Lilly warned, her calmness laced with a razor-sharp edge, like her tongue could lash out and cut the flesh off bones. The arrogant smile slipped from Kait's face, replaced with what one might deem a contrite expression. "Mortimer would be first with the chains if it meant eliminating witnesses," Lilly explained softly.

I nodded numbly. "No witnesses means no living proof that vampires exist ..."

Lilly nodded. "That's right. As long as Mortimer and Viggo keep their faculties in check, we'll be fine. I spoke to Mortimer already. They've killed a couple of Jonah's troops. We can only hope they kill the rest before they do something that can't be hidden."

"No witnesses." Caden's grasp of me tightened until I could feel the ripples of his chest against my back. "Just bodies. Lots of bodies." I turned my head slightly to nuzzle my nose against the base of his neck.

Lilly nodded, her throat clearing as she stepped away. It had to be so strange for her. I couldn't imagine living in a child's body for twelve hundred years. She had the beginnings of a woman's figure but it would never mature. She would never appreciate what I felt at that moment with Caden. My heart poured with sympathy for the girl. She would never have this love. Her life, though long, would never be complete. For all her wisdom, she could never comprehend what she was missing.

"I wonder how many buildings they can burn before it's impossible to hide this," Amelie said, the laugh lines in her face disappearing as sadness took over. An empty, distant look glazed over her eyes. Reminiscing over her own world's doomsday, no doubt. My heart went out to her. She'd already suffered through this once.

Julian responded with an arm around Amelie's shoulder, pulling her to his chest in a loving embrace ... We needed to do this. Now. You and me, together again, Julian. This plan would probably get us both killed.

"How do we get in there, Lilly?" I asked, no interest in wasting any more time dreading possibilities. Caden's arms instantly tensed. I ignored the reaction.

"Well ... my informants say a dozen Sentinel come in and out daily. The witches have barricaded themselves in," Lilly explained, taking a seat next to Galen. "I don't know that they could even get out if they wanted to."

My attention drifted back to the window to survey the surrounding buildings and Central Park. Lilly had spies, Viggo had spies, Mortimer had spies. Spies everywhere and none of them knew what was going on inside. "I know vampires can't get in. We've already tested some of the windows. The entire place is set with Merth."

"Well ... why don't we go in the same way we did the night we chased Jonah?" Amelie asked Caden. "We just need something that will pass our weight through the window. I'm sure there's something." She paused. "Or maybe Wraith can carry us in."

Lilly was shaking her head already. "We thought of that. We sent a couple of humans in through a broken window on the fourth floor but the witches have a secondary spell layered on." Lilly's face turned sour. "It set them on fire. Who knows how many more tripwires they've set."

Amelie's shoulders sagged. "They've thought of everything, haven't they?"

"Well ... no," I said, smiling. "They didn't think of a human who could walk through their spell and break it." The Tribal magic was going to serve a purpose. It was going to help! It could work!

"And what exactly do you plan on doing-launching yourself through a fourth-story window to break the spell?" Caden answered in a biting tone. "What if you get hurt? What if they're waiting for you? What if breaking the spell warns them and they get hold of you before I can get in there?" He released his loving grip of me to whip me around, intensity in his eyes. "No, Evangeline. There're too many things that could go wrong with this harebrained idea!"

I opened my mouth to argue but Lilly spoke. "Caden's right, Evangeline. We need stealth, not kamikaze barbarism. If the witches get so much as a hint that we've made it inside, they could do a number of things, including kill you and Veronique."

"So ... what's the best way for Julian, Wraith, and me to go in?" Dead silence filled the room.

"Well, I was thinking," Julian started, pulling all eyes to him. "You said they're letting the Sentinel in through the doors, right?" Lilly nodded, her eyebrow perked curiously. "Well," he licked his lips nervously. "I have a Sentinel tattoo, so why don't I go in ..."

I choked on my tongue as Julian blurted out the one admission that would get him killed in an instant, before he could explain. Oh my God, Julian ... why now?

"Caden ... help him!" I cried out. There was no need for the plea, though. Caden and Amelie formed an instant barrier around Julian, teeth bared, their stance fixed in a fighting position.

From the corner of my eye, I saw Max stalk toward Julian, his hackles raised, his three brothers following suit. "Max! No! Don't you dare!" I shouted. My words meant nothing. He didn't flinch, didn't slow, his lips curled back in a snarl, teeth glistening. I doubt he even heard me, focused on the smell of newly discovered Sentinel flesh. Flesh that would kill him if he bit into it, given the Tribe magic coursing through Julian's veins.

No, no, no! This was spiraling straight to hell. "Max!" I shrieked. "Please! You'll die if you bite him!" His front paw wavered. But he didn't stop, stalking in more slowly now, like a lion stalking a gazelle. Five more bodies suddenly appeared around Julian-Ivan and four of his wolves. Forming a solid guard. I let out the tiniest sigh of relief. That might keep Max at bay. But what about the six vampires in the room, all shocked, and all, by the venomous blaze in their eyes, one step behind Max in attacking?

"Is this true, Evangeline?" Kait hissed, observing Julian hungrily. I quivered, picturing her standing over Julian in a dark windowless room with an array of chains and other sadistic tools lined up on a table. I'm sure she had her own special pleasure in killing Sentinel. I wasn't going to let her satisfy that here. All in all, it was a lethal room for Julian to be in. I needed to make them understand.

"Wraith," I called out calmly, ignoring Kait's question. Wraith stepped forward, awaiting my command. "Please go stand with the group over there. Protect Julian. Don't kill anyone," I added quickly, my next words slow and clear, "but put them to the ground if they approach."

Like an obedient soldier, Wraith followed orders without delay. As he approached Julian, all those around him, including Julian, cowered a little. "Okay, now that that cat is out of the bag, so to speak, let me enlighten you." I stepped closer so I was firmly in between the two groups. I spent the following ten minutes, with Julian's help, explaining how he ended up a Sentinel, how he didn't believe in their cause, and how this had turned into a good thing for us. By the end of it, most of the tension seemed to have deflated. Max was still visibly agitated but he and his brothers were at least resting on their haunches versus ready to spring.

"So you'd be willing to go in there on your own?" Lilly asked, her mistrust evident. "To what end?"

Julian shrugged in that casual way of his, sliding his hands into his jeans pockets. "To get more information, to see if Veronique is okay. To get her out if I can. I don't know. All I know is I want to help and I'd rather go in there on my own than have Evie come in as well. She's bound to do something goofy and get hurt." His wry smile was meant to erase my guilt over this. It wasn't working.

"But ...," I began.

"Good idea." Caden cut me off. My mouth gaped open and I looked up to see newfound respect radiating from Caden's eyes, directed at Julian. Finally ... it only took Julian risking his life for me. Again.

"I agree," Lilly seconded with a curt nod. "You get in there and find out what you can. Come back and tell us everything. Then we can form a proper plan of attack."

"Well, I don't agree!" Amelie wailed, glaring at her brother like he'd just killed her puppy. "What if he doesn't come out? What if they recognize him? What if they use their magic on him and discover he's unique? They might kill him instantly, for that alone!" All the possibilities spewed out of her in rapid fire. "Why are we doing this? Can't we just wait for Bishop to show up so we can grab him?" She finished by giving Julian the best set of doe eyes I'd ever seen. "This is too dangerous, Julian!"

"Mage called me," Lilly explained. "Bishop eluded her in England, grabbing a plane headed for Labrador. She's on another one and should be landing in Montreal soon. Intercepting him from there is going to be tough ..."

"Fantastic," Caden's fingers pressed against the bridge of his nose. The sarcasm only thinly veiled his worry. If we couldn't stop Bishop, if we couldn't get Veronique out of there ...

"We need to get Veronique out. They're torturing her, Amelie." I emphasized the word torture, hoping she could remember what it was like to be human.

"I know ... you're right," Amelie said, her hand reaching up to outline Julian's jaw. "But don't forget ... Julian may not be turning like you, but he can't be fixed."

"I know," I whispered, observing him with refreshed worry.

"Please, rethink this. There has to be another way." Amelie's hand slid down to rub across Julian's chest.

Julian shook his head abruptly, scowling, reminding me of those first days back in the mountains, before I knew him. He had a permascowl in those days. "No, Amelie, I'm doing this. I need to do this." And that was that.

Fifteen minutes later, Julian stepped out of a room dressed in dark blue jeans and a long winter coat. Amelie, her face painted with anxiety, slipped his knife into the inside coat pocket, planting a kiss on his cheek as she did so.

"I'll be fine, Amelie," he said, inhaling deeply. "In and out, right?" He nodded toward me as he walked past. "See you guys soon."

Caden surprised everyone by reaching out to clasp hands. "If you don't come out in a reasonable amount of time, we're coming in after you," he assured him in a gruff voice. How he expected to do that, exactly, I wasn't sure, but now wasn't the time to question it.

Julian nodded curtly.

"And don't get yourself killed, okay?" Caden added. "If you do, I'll have to deal with my sister for another seven hundred years ..."

Julian chuckled. "Payback for yesterday?"

Caden grimaced. "Sorry about-"

Julian cut off Caden's apology with a wave of his hand. "You had every right ..."

"Yeah, but ... still. Not cool," Caden pressed. They paused to regard each other. Maybe they'd be friends after all. Julian just had to survive first.

"Keep that one out of trouble, will you?" Julian jerked his head my way. "She's a walking disaster."

"Yeah, because I'm the one stepping into a grizzly's den with a long stick and a steak around my neck," I muttered, rolling my eyes as Caden cloaked me under a protective arm.

"Don't talk about poking grizzlies. You'll get Amelie excited," Julian joked, with a wink toward his scowling girlfriend. Her tight pout loosened, the corners of her mouth curving up despite how hard she fought it. Finally the giggle escaped, lighting up her entire face.

"It's time. I'll walk you to the main lobby," Galen announced coolly and I thought I caught hint of admiration in his gaze as he regarded Julian. He led Julian toward the door, Julian following stiffly. I swallowed a painful knot in my throat. He was so good at putting on a brave face, I realized. Underneath that, terror had a firm hold. And this might be the last time I saw him alive.

"Julian!" I broke free of Caden's grasp and ran to my dear friend-my twin in all of this disaster-and threw my arms around his neck, battling the hovering tears. "Don't get yourself killed."

He flashed a white-toothed grin. "Don't you worry. When I drop my pants to show those witches my tattoo, the last thing they'll be thinking of is me tricking them."

Amelie growled in mock disapproval. With one last chuckle, Julian followed Galen out the door.

Despite my best efforts, a tear escaped, trickling down the side of my nose ... Then another ... and another. I rubbed them away furiously.

"He'll be okay," Caden whispered into my ear, his mouth skimming my lobe. "He'll be back before you know it. This is the right way to do this. It's safer this way. Less risky."

Less risky for me ... I leaned back against Caden's body, letting his broad chest form a protective barrier for my body, wishing I could erase all the pain, fear, and anxiety for just a little while and lose myself with Caden again.

"So how long do we wait before we go in after Julian, brother?" Amelie demanded in a cold, curt tone, hands on her hips. "And how the hell do we get in?"

"Well, I was thinking," Caden's hand folded with mine, tugging me along as he moved to the blueprints. "We can go through here," his long finger pointed toward a mess of illegible lines zigzagging through each other. "Through the underground garage. I highly doubt anyone will be hanging out down there."

I realized we were looking at blueprints of every square inch of city surrounding and under Viggo's place. "Where did you get these?" I was surprised that Viggo wouldn't have hunted down and burned every city record available.

"You can find anything you need if you're persuasive enough," Kait answered, a wicked sneer curving her lips. I shuddered, avoiding any more questions while Lilly and her group surrounded the table and discussed the numerous manhole covers, tunnels, and grates that they needed to navigate through. Even Wraith lingered over to assess Caden's proposed plan, his reflective eyes watching intently.

After the fifth or sixth tunnel, I was more than confused so I decided to huddle by the window. I was more interested in seeing Julian's entrance, anyway. I tuned out the low chatter behind me, my forehead pressed up against the cold glass.

"I'm so scared," a voice hummed. I turned to find Amelie standing next to me, a finger winding through one of her springy curls, unbridled fear in her eyes. I gave her my best reassuring smile. This had to be pure torture for her.

The silent minutes hung over us like an oppressive heat as we waited silently. "There!" Amelie shouted, slamming her palm against the glass. I quickly spotted Julian lumbering down the sidewalk. We watched him stride up to the large iron garage gates. It was bizarre-looking at those things completely mended, knowing it was all an illusion, that there was a gaping hole.

Julian's hand lifted. He froze. Only for a few seconds but it was enough to make me inhale sharply. With a vague glance back in the direction of our window, he continued on toward the metal door beside the car gate, reaching up to push the buzzer. Within moments, the door opened. An arm appeared. Julian vanished.

"God, Evie. What were we thinking?" Amelie hissed, her hand locking on to mine. "If I lose Julian ..."

I squeezed her hand. "You won't. We won't let it happen." I had no right to promise that and yet I did so without pause, without a shred of guilt. It was what she needed to hear. It was what I needed to say. "Everyone will help get Julian out alive. Even Max ... right, Max?" I looked over at the sulking werebeast, lying in a corner, his chin resting on his paws, surrounded by his three brothers.

Max is not speaking to the traitor master right now. Please leave a message and perhaps he will one day forgive her for her profound treachery. Beep!

"Oh, Max," I sighed, shaking my head at his spurts of eccentricity. But I let it go, moving my attention back to Amelie.

"Evangeline ... do you think-" she began, turning to face me. Her words faltered. She shook her head and blinked several times, then frowned deeply, gazing at something intently.

Sirens went off in my head. "What's wrong?"

Her plump lips struggled to get her words out. "Evie ... your eyes. They're ..."

My blood turned to ice. I abandoned her hand and bolted for the bathroom, fumbling for the light switch, my fingers trembling. I finally managed to flick it on, illuminating my reflection in the mirror.

And my yellow eyes.

***

Four hours had passed since Julian had gone inside. Still, no sign of him. No sign of anyone, for that matter.

"How long before we go in?" Amelie demanded. I didn't answer. I didn't shrug. I simply stared out the window in a daze, waiting. Waiting for Julian to emerge. Waiting for the final stage of my curse. It was almost here. I had the hideous yellow eyes of the Tribe. There was only one thing left. One thing that would show up at any given time. And then I was as good as dead.

"Hours. A day, tops," Lilly responded, perched on the back of a wing chair like a cat ready to pounce. She turned to regard me. "You should eat and get some rest. You look like hell."

I responded with a snort. That's because I have sickly, jaundiced eyes, Lilly. And I'm giving serious consideration to what it will feel like when I step off the roof of your building after I kill Caden. You'd look like hell too ...

"Well, go sleep at least," Caden answered softly, reaching for my arm. I recoiled like a snake, earning a pained look. I didn't care. It was better than a dead look. "I'm not tired." That was a lie. I was exhausted. Mentally, emotionally, physically ... exhausted.

Caden sighed. "Maybe if you slept, you'd see Veronique and learn something about Julian."

Wait a minute ... That thought hadn't crossed my mind. I had dozed off several times on the plane coming here but I never connected with her. Maybe if I could fall asleep, I could make sure Julian was safe. Maybe this sleep thing was a good idea. Without an answer, I turned and dragged myself toward the stairs.

Wraith was up and shadowing immediately. For once, it didn't bother me. He was the only one I couldn't kill once I succumbed to this magic. Heck, we'd be best buddies soon enough. Caden appeared ahead of me without prompting to lead me upstairs, down a long hall, and into a simplistic bedroom with white walls, white curtains, and a simple teak bed. It reminded me of a page from an Ikea catalogue. For what reason Lilly needed a bed, I had no idea. To keep up appearances, perhaps. Whatever. It didn't matter.

Wraith took to inspecting the closet and walls for secret entrances. After my bathroom disappearing act, he was hypervigilant in ensuring I had no escape routes. It made for a few awkward moments in the plane's cramped bathroom, but I didn't bother fighting him anymore. The escape had been worth it a million times over.

Finally satisfied that there was no way for me to sneak off and no way for anyone to sneak in, Wraith stationed himself in a chair near the window.

I crawled under the welcoming white duvet and let my head drop to the pillow, ready to be left alone. Like an animal about to die. That wasn't going to happen, though. The bed sank as Caden reclined beside me. I immediately scooted away until I was hugging the edge of the bed, near falling off.

I heard his heavy sigh. "Please don't be like this."

"Like what? About to kill you, Caden?" I spat back.

"You're not ..."

"Look at my eyes!" I yelled, enunciating each word. Sitting up, I glared at him, my eyes intentionally overextended. "It's only a matter of time! Everything that's supposed to happen is happening. Now, I'm ... this!" My hands flew out in front of my face. "There's no way around this, Caden! I'm going to be one of them!"

"You're still able to touch me, Eve," he whispered.

"Not for long! Did you know-twice now I've done something strange to Amelie to hurt her. Soon, it'll be permanent!"

Caden pulled himself up to meet my face, his lips and nose only inches away. "Sofie will figure it out," he growled. "Don't give up on her."

I flopped back down on the bed, throwing my arm over my forehead. "I can't help it."

"You have to help it. This isn't you. You don't give up, Evangeline. Ever! You're the most resilient person I've ever known! To a fault sometimes."

I sighed. "Maybe I was. I'm not anymore. I can't do this anymore ..."

He paused, moving in to hover over me. His voice turned gentle. "Please don't give up. For me." My body tensed as his hand moved to rest on my thigh. I shouldn't let this happen ... I need to push him away ... I need to. My willpower went toe to toe with my desire and failed miserably. Caden's hand slowly slipped up along my thigh, over my hip, to my waist. Up and up it slid until his index finger was running along my bottom lip.

"You're toying with fire, Caden," I warned breathlessly. I'm pathetic. I'm weak.

"And I will happily do so if it means being able to do this," he whispered, leaning forward to touch his lips to mine, stopping my heart altogether. I reveled in the feel for a few moments but eventually couldn't ignore the eyes tickling the back of my neck.

"I'm not desperate enough for exhibitionism ... yet," I said, jerking my head in Wraith's direction.

Caden's light chuckle turned into a groan as his face rested into the curve of my neck. "I can't wait until he goes away ..."

That earned a sniff from me. Wraith was never going away. Not until I died. I bit my tongue, choosing to lay next to Caden in silence instead of reminding him of that.

Someone knocked lightly on the door. "Yeah?" Caden called out.

A timid Lilly poked her head in, a tall glass in her hand. "Warm milk always helped me sleep when I was human," she murmured with a sheepish smile, reminding me that she was, above all else, still an abused child trapped in a lethal vampire body. I took the glass with a smile of gratitude.

"Mage has Bishop," she announced, catching my mouth midair before I took my first gulp.

"Seriously? When? How?"

Lilly grinned with pleasure. "She caught him in Labrador, Canada. Not without a battle and, um, a bit of a scene. She's covered it up, though. They're on their way here." The grin disappeared. "I don't think she's very happy about us being here. I had to tell her about Veronique, Evangeline. I hope you're okay with that. And she has demanded that, under no circumstances, are any of us supposed to go into Viggo's place."

"Did you tell her about Julian?" A head shake confirmed that she hadn't. "Well, this'll be awkward," I muttered wryly, wondering if the blood-sucking Mary Poppins would keep her cool when she found out.

"Not if we get in and out of there before she arrives." Lilly disappeared but not without me catching her excited little smile.

Caden rolled onto his side, his head propped up on his elbow, quietly toying with my hair while I guzzled the milk. Once I finished, he set the glass on the nightstand and pulled me down with more force than usual, pressing himself against me, setting my head against his chest. His fingers stroked my hair soothingly.

"Oh, and you're not going in there, by the way," he said.

My snort echoed through the empty room. "Oh, and yes, I am, by the way. You need me to get through that secret passageway and break the Merth binding so you can get through."

"We'll have you go through and then the wolves will bring you back here," he fired back.

I felt my face screw up. "No, you won't! And besides, you don't know what Veronique looks like."

"We'll look for the tortured woman," he answered calmly, his fingers coiling into mine, still relaxed, sure of his plans.

"She won't go with you," I countered.

With a loud chortle, he reminded me, "She'll go with anyone offering to get her out of there."

I opened my mouth to argue but then stopped. He was right. And I was getting nowhere with this. "You are not going in there without me. I'm not sitting around like some inept human while you go fix my mess!" I finished my angry decree with a stifled yawn.

"How is this your mess, Evangeline?" Caden asked, shifting me so he could see my face, his own a picture of bewilderment.

"Because if I hadn't agreed to get up on that platform, Veronique would still be in her tomb, safe and sound. That's how!"

"Yeah, and you'd be dead," Caden's voice turned cold and sharp suddenly. "And then Sofie and I would have gone ballistic. There's no way Sofie would ever let Veronique out then, just to spite Viggo. She'll get over the abuse, Evangeline. When they turn her, she'll-"

"She can't be turned, Caden! She's like me! And what happens when Viggo and Mortimer find out about that?"

Caden's lips pursed. "Sofie will figure it out. She always figures it out."

"Yeah! At what cost?"

He shrugged. "She'll figure it out!"

I threw my hands up in the air. "Well, look at you. Mr. Has An Answer For Everything! Except for one small problem-Sofie doesn't know about Veronique so how can she figure it out?"

Caden wavered, an instant answer not coming to him this time. I had cornered him with reality. His brow furrowed deeply as he thought. "I don't know how, but she will."

"I'm going in there with you," I said defiantly.

With a grin, Caden's hands curled around my shoulders, pulling me back down to rest next to him, chuckling as he planted a kiss on my forehead.

"What's so funny?" I muttered.

"You. Stubborn. You're sweet, remember?"

I rolled my eyes and shook him off, turning onto my side, my back to him, to sulk. "I'm not sweet. I have a wraith and ancient vampiress sworn to me and I'm poisonous to you. I'm deadly."

Caden burst out laughing. I rolled back over and took aim at his chest, punching him hard. Only I had no gusto to it, my arms suddenly feeling like water. That earned another laugh. Pushing a few strands of hair off my forehead, he leaned in to whisper in my ear, his lips grazing my lobe, "Like I said-sweet."

I gazed up at his face-so perfect, so real ... so blurry? My eyelids suddenly felt like magnets, pulling together despite every effort to keep them apart. I felt my body sink deeper into the mattress, seeping into the springs and stuffing. Tingles rippled through me.

"Why am I so ...?" I began to ask but my words dropped off. The milk ... "Damn it, Caden ..." I cursed in garbled speech as I drifted off into a drug-induced sleep.

That familiar prickle, now instantly recognizable, coursed through my body. It was coupled with fogginess this time. I blinked and narrowed my eyes, straining to carve through it. Would Veronique know something about Julian? The haze finally dissipated to reveal a dimly lit chandelier, the light dancing off crystals. I knew that light. It was my old room at Viggo's. Not the first room-the princess suite designed to buy my adoration-but the blood-red room meant to remind me that I was a prisoner.

"Veronique?" I forced her lips to move so she would know I was there.

"Oui? Evangeline?" came the sickly response.

A shock of unease rippled through my chest. "What's happened? You sound worse than before."

Of its own accord, by Veronique's control, my arm lifted up to within my vision. I gasped as I saw the fresh batch of black and blue bruising and angry burns. "They've started again?"

"Yes, but it's nothing compared to what we're going to do to your friend here," a wicked voice sang out. With difficulty, I rolled my head to the side, toward the voice. Bile instantly shot into my throat. There, slumped over in a chair next to Imogen, was a bloody, battered, gagged, barely conscious Julian.

Panic detonated inside me. They had Julian.

Imogen stalked forward. "You will come here at once-with Sofie, with those other leeches. Bring all of them or both of your friends die. Do you understand?"

I froze, unable to speak, unable to move, unable to breathe. My face flew to the side as she slapped it. "Answer me!" she shrieked.

The stinging pain in my already injured jaw lasted long after I found myself back in the condo room. Night lurked outside. City lights streamed in through the window, allowing me to discern shapes and shadows. Wraith still sat in his chair. Caden was gone.

And they had Julian.

Scrambling out of bed, I stumbled a few steps, feeling a rush slam into my head. What was wrong with me? Oh, yeah. They drugged me, I thought bitterly as I headed toward the door, reminding myself never to take a drink from any of these vampires again. Still, I needed to warn them. We needed to get in there, to rescue Julian ... My hand faltered on the doorknob. Wait a minute. I was doing exactly what the witches wanted me to do. Imogen asked me to lead all the vampires there. If I stormed out there and told them what I'd learned, I'd escort them right into Imogen's trap. To their deaths. Stupid Evangeline. Think!

I slumped against the nearest wall and sank until I was curled up on the floor, my forehead in my hands. What the hell was I supposed to do now? What choice did I make? Did I say nothing and let Imogen torture Julian and Veronique to death? Or did I run out there and sign everyone else up for their own deaths? Knots upon knots constricted until my insides were a grotesque mass of anxiety.

Maybe ... There was one other option. The logical choice. The least risky for everyone.

If I could just get out of here without being noticed ... I quietly got to my feet, now intent on making less noise than the dead. Luckily, this wasn't the average closet condo and my room was far from the main living area.

"Wraith?" I hissed.

"Yes?" came the monotone reply.

"Did you see any way out of this place other than the front door? Somewhere we could sneak out without everyone noticing?" Wraith had scoured the entire condo upon entry, taking inventory of all potential exits. I couldn't be more thankful for his standard protocol than at this particular moment.

"Yes. There is a service entrance off the end of this hall."

Perfect. "And were you paying attention to Caden when he explained how to get to the underground garage? All those tunnels we needed to take?" I silently berated myself for tuning him out.

"I have entered it into memory."

I released the lungs full of air. I had my own personal Terminator. Finally. A bit of luck my way. Silently slipping on my winter coat, I crept to the door on my tiptoes. "Come on, Wraith," I mouthed, cracking open the door. "And don't make a sound."

He was on his feet immediately. "Where will we be going?"

My finger flew to my mouth, to silence him. He looked at me blankly. "Be quiet! We're going to get Julian and Veronique. And we're doing it alone."

15. Impasse-Sofie

I stood with my mouth agape, speechless.

"Yes, it's been rather interesting, watching your precious little human cuckold you," Incendia purred, a malicious smile curving his lips. Unda and Ventus joined in with a chortle that pained my eardrums.

I finally found my voice again. "I don't believe you."

"Really? It's quite basic," Terra began. "Evangeline was linked to Veronique through that pendant. You knew that. When the Tribe released her from its curse, it also released Veronique from hers. The curse of her tomb. I'm surprised you didn't put two and two together. I expected more from you."

"That was not a curse," I began breathlessly. "I did that intentionally to preserve her, to-"

"We considered it a curse," Ventus cut in flatly. "And so we ensured she was released."

I stood silently, replaying all that I knew of the spell. Chills coursed through my body as realization set in. If this was true, that meant the same magic coursing through Evangeline's body was in Veronique. She could be turning into Walking Death. She certainly couldn't be touched by magic. She couldn't be turned ... My knees buckled beneath me and I crumbled into a heap on my pedestal, my hands holding my forehead. After all this. After all we had struggled through. No ... no, it couldn't be real.

I looked up to see Incendia's eyebrow quirked as he looked from me to Terra, reading my mind. "No? Not real?" With a flourish of his hand, my surroundings morphed again. I heard feet splashing through shallow water a split second before two forms rushed around the bend. I frowned as Evangeline and Wraith passed by me.

"Why are you in the sewer?" I asked. They didn't answer. They couldn't hear me. I wasn't really there. "What are they doing in the sewers, Terra?" I demanded angrily. "Where exactly are they going?" I already knew the answer. I recognized these sewers in particular. They were just below Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. If one knew the path, they would lead right into Viggo's garage.

The vision blurred and I was back on my pedestal in front of the Fates. "Well, since you asked," Incendia stepped forward, thoroughly enjoying being the bearer of bad news. "Your spell over that love-struck Bishop failed miserably. He took off to New York to seek vengeance, your dear friend Mage is chasing after him, allowing this troubled foursome the opportunity to run off to New York and try to change the fate of the world. I believe that about covers it."

"No ..." I whispered. Something didn't make sense, though. "But why is she alone?"

"She's not alone," Terra reminded me.

"Oh, yeah. Sorry," I rolled my eyes. "Why is she with Wraith and not the others?"

"Because she cares greatly for them and doesn't want them to die," Terra explained. "Quite gallant of her, don't you agree?"

"So ... are you ready? We're granting you one request. One spell. But what will you choose? There are so many fires to put out, aren't there?" Incendia's hands clasped together triumphantly.

I set my jaw as I leveled him with a look. "No."

A small twitch of his lip-perhaps amusement, perhaps irritation-was the only reaction my denial triggered.

"Are you sure?" The space changed again. I was now trailing behind Evangeline and Wraith as they crept up the stairs from the underground garage in Viggo's place.

God, Evangeline! Why must you torture me like this? I chased after them as Wraith pushed through the door, as they entered the atrium, the destruction as vivid as I remembered it, right down to the heaps of charred bodies, to the cobblestone I'd torn up during my magical tantrum. Only now the pristine statue that had withstood more than a century, cocooning my sister, lay in chunks.

I didn't get to spend long mourning that, given the other big difference in the atrium. The army of sorceresses. All staggered through the courtyard. All eyes locked on Evangeline.

All with flames at the ready.

They would kill her.

"Evangeline! Get out of there!" I screamed, knowing my words were heard by no one but the Fates. I watched in horror as she stole through the atrium quietly, heading toward the red doors. What was she doing? Couldn't she and Wraith see the danger in front of them? I inhaled sharply when I realized that was exactly the problem. The witches had to be using a cloaking spell. They were walking straight into a trap.

"Evangeline!" I screamed out, stepping forward. The mirage fractured and I heard little crunches beneath my feet. I gasped as I looked down to find dozens of shattered worlds.

"Oh, don't worry. Only four of those worlds were populated," Terra confirmed, plucking the horror from my thoughts.

"That is quite the predicament your human is in," Incendia goaded. I barely heard him. My mind was spinning in dizzying circles. How was this all possible? What was she doing? And how did she manage to evade every vampire and Max to get there? The wolves, I understood. They couldn't smell her. But the others? Caden would never allow this! No, it couldn't be real ...

"It is real," Terra purred.

I frowned, already shaking my head, playing the logic out in my head. "Then how did they make it into the atrium thirty seconds after being in the sewer?"

"Time means nothing to us," Ventus explained. "You think you've experienced thirty seconds but really, it could have been five minutes, or five hours, or five days of your time. Regardless, I assure you, what you just saw is happening as we speak."

"I don't believe you," I finally stated. "You're trying to trick me."

"Trick you? How? We're simply giving you a chance! Think of it as a token thank-you for all your hard work and suffering." Incendia's thin lips curled. "Go ahead! Do nothing. In a few moments, none of this will matter anymore."

I looked at Terra-my champion. She didn't deny it; she didn't try to convince me. She stood quietly. In that moment, I knew they were telling me the truth. All the turmoil that oozed out of Evangeline ... it was over this, over burying such a deep, dark lie. But why would she?

Of course; because I would've stormed the place to save Veronique. Or Viggo and Mortimer would have. Either way, it was guaranteed doom. My little girl knew me too well.

"That is correct. Your Evangeline endured quite the internal struggle. She is stronger than we expected."

"No shit," I muttered. That girl couldn't keep a secret for anything. How she had managed to stay silent on this was beyond me. But when Viggo discovered her lie ... "Where is Viggo?"

"Do we look like an information center?" Unda retorted, her voice calm but nothing about her words were friendly. "We have agreed to grant you one spell. You can take advantage of that, or you can lose everything."

16. Operation Veronique-Evangeline

My heart hammered against my ribs as I skulked along the fifth-floor shadows toward the Red Room. "I don't get it. Where is everyone?"

"I agree. Based on the expected inhabitants, this is suspicious." Wraith didn't skulk. He stalked forward with a stiff spine, unfazed by the bizarre emptiness of Viggo's place. Where my head almost rotated three hundred and sixty degrees, looking for hidden sorceresses in crannies, his dead blue mirrors stared straight ahead. No fear.

Since sneaking in through the underground garage, we hadn't crossed a single soul. Hadn't heard a step, a voice, a yell. Nothing. It was as if the place had been abandoned. Every fiber of me screamed, Get out of here! I ignored it. Not without Veronique. Not without Julian.

As we rounded the last corner before reaching the Red Room, a low sound drifted down the hall. A confusing mixture of dread and relief swarmed me. They were still here.

"Wait," Wraith commanded pointing to the marble floor. My feet obeyed instantly. With his shoulders back, his strides naturally confident, he pushed open the double doors and disappeared.

"Who are you?" a muffled male voice boomed, followed by a distinct clicking sound-a gun. Wraith didn't answer. "Stand back or you're dead!" the man threatened. I pictured him holding the gun up to Wraith's head.

"What on earth-" a female voice said, but broke off. I imagined her incomplete sentence was courtesy of Wraith's hand clamping onto her wrist as she fell to her knees, dying. Three ear-splitting shots rang out and I stumbled back, my heart in my throat, wary of stray bullets. With my back pressed against the opposite wall, my heart pounded in my ears as I scanned the halls, straining to listen for footsteps. Surely with all that noise, someone would come. Surely we'd be caught. Surely-

"It is safe now," Wraith announced, poking his head out, a calm, disinterested expression on his face. Clambering into the Red Room, I almost fell over the male prone on the floor-chest down and face up. A little farther over, I saw the woman, the witch, who had the clear misfortune of believing her magic could stop Wraith, now nothing more than a shrunken corpse. Looking away, I concentrated on the frail shell of a body lying on the king-sized bed, taking in her swollen mess of bruises and burns, her clothes in bloodstained tatters.

"Veronique?" I called out in a strangled gasp. No answer. No flicker of life. Terror's icy hand seized my organs as I ran to her. I leaned over to inspect her face. "Veronique?" Glossy slits opened to gaze back at me.

"Eve?" My name came out in a croak.

My knees buckled with relief. "Oh, thank God, Veronique. Yes, it's me. We're going to get you out of here. Now." One tear rolled out the corner of her right eye, trailing down to hit the red pillowcase. What they had done to her ...

What they must be doing to Julian. I did a sweep of the room to confirm it was empty. "Do you know where they've taken my friend?"

All I got was a small negative grunt in response.

An ache formed in the back of my throat. He could be anywhere! How would I find him? In that moment, I prayed for Sofie and Caden. They always knew what to do. They were always taking care of things. Not this time. This time, I was alone. It was all on me.

God help Julian and Veronique.

Okay. I took a deep breath. First things first. I turned to Wraith. "Can you carry her? And make sure you don't accidently kill her ..."

Without answering, he quickly swooped in and, with gentle motion I didn't think possible of Death himself, he slipped his arms under her frail body. She wriggled her brow. "Nathan?"

"Hurry," I demanded, ignoring her confusion. There'd be plenty of time to explain later. He scooped her up and followed me out. We tore down five sets of stairs, struggling to keep quiet, rushing blood in my ears disorienting. I barreled through the red doors into the atrium ...

And slammed into Caden. "Evangeline!" Caden hissed, grabbing my biceps with a death grip, murder on his face. "Are you f**king crazy?" He wasn't alone. Amelie, Max and brothers, the wolves, Lilly, and her posse stood in a wall behind him with equally unimpressed faces.

"I had to ...," I faltered, my face burning.

He wasn't having any of it. "What the hell do you think you're doing in here! I tell you you're not coming in here and so you sneak out?" His eyes turned cold and hard. I had never seen him this angry. It was a struggle not to be terrified. But now was not the time. I swallowed back the tears forming as a storm of indignation brewed within me over his chastising.

"They have Julian, Caden. I saw it. They had him and they wanted you all here so they could kill you."

"Where?" Amelie's lips trembled, her head whipping around in every direction.

I shook my head. "I don't know. No one's here. Would they have left?"

"Not likely," Lilly murmured, cool eyes rolling over the atrium.

Caden took Veronique from Wraith's hands. "Wraith-you idiot. You shouldn't have brought her here. But you need to get her out. Now. Lilly, Amelie. The rest of you. Go find Julian." They vanished without a second's delay.

To Wraith, Max, and his brothers, Caden directed, "Help me get them both out of here and we'll come back." We took off, picking our steps around the upturned cobblestone and charred bodies across the atrium, back to the entrance that would lead to the garage.

"Hurry up!" Caden hissed, his brow wrinkled. "This is too easy," I heard him mutter.

Prickles ran down my vertebrae.

Halfway across the atrium, Caden and Max stopped dead in their tracks, sending Wraith and I swerving to avoid them. "What is it?" My eyes skimmed the thousand barriers someone could hide behind, expecting they had finally spotted someone.

Caden didn't answer.

We're spelled! We can't move! Max yelled. Get out of here, now!

Spelled. That meant only one thing. Witches.

I rushed around to meet Caden's face, an ice sculpture. Frozen. Veronique still lay cradled in his arms, barely conscious.

"What is wrong?" Wraith asked curiously.

"They're spelled." Icy blood coursed through my veins. "Here. Take Veronique and get-"

My words were cut off.

"Clever girl!" The words reverberated through the atrium, followed by a menacing laugh. One I recognized well. "Clever and stupid. Did you think you could waltz in here with that abomination and kidnap our prisoner?"

I pivoted on my heels, madly searching for that wild, white streak of hair. Only destruction and death surrounded me.

"Still haven't figured it out?" I shook my head dumbly in answer to her taunt.

My breath caught as forms suddenly stepped out of nothingness, as if lifting invisibility cloaks. Dozens of them, their fingers alight and primed for attack. They'd been here all along, watching. Waiting.

Wraith's long legs scissored forward. "Stop, demon!" Imogen screamed, pinkish-orange fire bolts shooting from her hands to slam into Wraith's chest. With a mixture of intrigue and horror, I watched as the fired looped around his body, coiling tighter and tighter until it simply disappeared. His body absorbed the fire. When Wraith looked up at Imogen, he did something I believed him incapable of.

He smiled.

Imogen's face turned ashen for just a second before angry heat flushed her cheeks. With a narrowing determined scowl, she waved a hand to her right, signaling someone. Two hulking thugs emerged from behind a singed bush, dragging a limp, unresponsive male body out from the shadows. The air left my lungs in a rush.

"Julian!" I cried out, lunging forward. Wraith somehow closed the five-foot distance between us, his solid arm shooting up to block me.

"He's been a wonderful source of information!" Imogen's eyes burned with delight. "Really. It only took a bit of ... coaxing. And to think he just walked in here of his own free will!"

A glimpse at Julian's raw feet proved exactly how they had coaxed him. I bit back a sob. Julian was always getting hurt trying to help me.

Trying not to look obvious, I searched the gaping window holes of the destroyed atrium. Where were the others? They had to be watching! They'd come, they'd rescue us, they'd-

"Looking for these?" Imogen snapped her fingers. A procession of Sentinels dragged seven Merth-bound bodies with them. Behind them came five wolves in human form, knives held against their throats. "I have to say, finding all this Merth was a pleasant surprise. It has come in quite handy."

We were trapped.

Touch me, Max demanded. You'll break her spell like you did with Bishop. Then I'll gladly tear her throat out.

Genius! He was only about ten steps away. Slowly, I shifted toward him. If I could just...

"Don't move!" Imogen shrieked, her hand now pointing at me. I froze, under no delusion that I could absorb flames like Wraith. In that second, the Sentinel swooped in, winding Merth around Max and all his brothers.

"Him too," Imogen commanded with a head thrust toward Caden. "Get her out of his arms, though." Obeying her orders, a large Asian man yanked Veronique out of Caden's arms, letting her drop to the broken cobblestone as they immobilized Caden. My heart sank. "There. That's better. Now we can focus on you." I struggled not to cower under her gaze. They had thought of everything. Three witches stepped forward, hands stretched out toward me. Looking down at my hand, I would do anything for the Tribe's deadly power in my touch. Of course, though, the one time I needed it ...

Wraith intercepted, seizing two of their arms. I watched them crumble to the ground, their skin and bodies desiccated in seconds, the life gone from their eyes.

"Wraith!" I hissed. "Stand down!" Somehow I didn't think they'd let him march forward and take each witch down, one by one. But he wasn't listening to me, instead moving on to another witch nearby.

They proved my instincts right. A willowy blond witch ran for Caden's arm, seizing it with white knuckles. "Don't you see this one is important to her?" A broad knife appeared from out of nowhere, the tip pressing up against Caden's chest. "I'll skewer his heart right out of his chest and burn it if you take another step."

A cold shiver radiated through me, swelling until my entire body was numb. She was appealing to Wraith's sensitive side. Wraith had no sensitive side! He had only one side. One purpose. Death.

Caden was as good as dead.

I croaked, trying to get the useless plea out before Wraith killed again.

But he did something unexpected. He stopped of his own accord. Why would he? Realization hit me. His mission was to protect me from harm. Caden being killed would harm me. Wraith understood how important Caden was to me. His brain did process human emotions after all. I caught myself staring at him in shock.

"That's right. You don't want to break your girl's heart, do you?" Imogen grinned wickedly, proud they had reins over Death himself, if only temporarily. Still, her grin only thinly veiled her terror.

Wraith scared the shit out of everyone.

17. Loop Hole-Sofie

My fingernails pierced the skin on my palms as I surveyed this latest disaster, struggling to peel my eyes from the unconscious body lying on a pile of broken cobblestones. My sister.

"I don't know why this is such a difficult decision," Ventus prodded. "We give you anything you want and we get what we want. Everyone wins."

Air hissed through my clenched teeth. "What you want? Torture and misery? Get me back there this instant!" I would level each and every one of those witches on my own, I would burn every bitch in there, I would ...

"You will lose your sister, your adopted child ... everything," Terra warned.

I inhaled deeply, trying to calm myself. "I just need to tell you what I want?" My voice sounded weak, hollow, deflated.

Incendia grinned. "Nathan back, perhaps?"

I turned steely eyes on him. "I already have him, remember?"

He guffawed. "Not that abomination. The real Nathan. Back in your arms. No strings attached. No twists to your request, no counter to it. If you want Nathan, we can erase this entire mess and it will be like it never happened."

Erase this entire mess. Like it never happened. Be happy and free again? Free to feel Nathan's strong arms around my body once again ... and what? I'd be back where I began, trying to find a way to turn myself. And what would erase mean? Never know Evangeline? Never love her? Never allow her the chance to know Caden? I regarded the Fates with an icy gaze. Would they erase all of this from my memory or torture me with it daily?

"I want two," I suddenly blurted, my mind working quickly. "And I want them exactly as I ask for them. No perversions."

They laughed casually. "You get one."

I offered a spiteful smile in return. "I will take none, then."

Incendia frowned. "We've already discussed this. Why would you do that? No ... we have made the decision and you must take it."

I folded my arms over my chest, making it clear that this negotiation would be on my terms. "You will give me two or I give you nothing and your balance be damned. Read my soul, you crazy-ass faeries. This ends here, one way or another."

Incendia's mouth twisted as he scrutinized me. Had anyone ever challenged him? He must've decided I was telling the truth. His gaze rolled over the others, a silent communication between them.

"Fine ..." Narrowed slits regarded me. "However, there's a catch."

I studied him. "Oh? And what would that be?"

It was Incendia's turn to smile spitefully at me. "You'll know when the time comes."

I snorted. "So I must agree blindly?"

"Take it, or leave it and your life be damned. You only have one life, remember." Incendia's hands sprawled over the pit of worlds. "We have many."

"Yes," Unda spoke. "I believe this is a fair compromise. I will second this." The other two announced their agreement, Terra with a nod, as if goading me to accept this fair deal.

"So, my child ..." Terra crooned. "What are your two requests?"

I felt a tiny bittersweet smile curl my lips.

18. Now or Never-Evangeline

Veronique moaned feebly. She wouldn't last long and there was nothing I could do. Nothing anyone could do. And if she died? I swallowed back the terror. I couldn't even think about it. Not for a millisecond. I glanced over to see Caden's bound body fifteen feet away. If only I could somehow free him ...

"Come here, girl," Imogen purred, holding her hand out to me, her eyes boring into my skull. Wraith stepped forward to block me. "Let her come forward, or he dies," the blond warned, waving her knife in reminder. I noticed her adjust her grip on the handle purposefully, ready to drive it through his breastbone.

Wraith's arm didn't budge and when I tried to sidestep him, he anticipated my movements and shifted with it.

"Don't believe me?" The blond's left brow raised sardonically. She looked to a spot behind me on my right and signaled with a chin thrust. I turned to see a man drive a long-bladed knife into Lilly's companion-Daniel, I think I heard her call him. He twisted roughly. The sound of bones crunching caved my legs, forcing me into a crouch.

"Wraith, please!" I croaked, violent images of the same happening to Amelie and Caden, sending a frisson of panic through me. He turned and I saw my raw desperation reflected in his mirror balls. A girl ready to crumble into dust. He took three steps back. Mustering all the strength left in my body, I forced myself to my feet, fighting to keep my knees from shaking as I strode forward into death's grip.

With an icy smile, Imogen wrapped her thumb and index finger around my jaw and squeezed. Pain exploded as my old injury lashed out. Even as I moaned, even as tears trickled, she didn't relent.

"Julian said you were special to Sofie. Why?" she asked. "No matter. We have you. We have her," she jerked her head toward Veronique. After examining my yellowed eyes for a moment, she shoved me to the ground toward the crippled body, wiping her hands on her jeans. I wasted no time, scrambling to Veronique's side to lift her head and place it gently in my lap. "We have all that we need to trap and rid this world of these vile creatures, once and for all."

"But you don't have Viggo and Mortimer," I answered hurriedly, aware that I was grasping at straws. Sofie ... where are you? I need you right now!

Another wicked smile. "Oh, don't worry. They will be along shortly. And they will die." Turning to the Sentinel thugs, she commanded, "Bring them inside the circle."

The circle ... My eyes darted to the ground to see the yellow chalk line snaking over the broken concrete and around the scorched gardens to form a giant warped circle, fifty feet in diameter. I watched as the Sentinel dragged Amelie, Lilly, and her cohorts within the boundaries of the line. Caden, Max, and his brothers already lay inside. When all was said and done, only one witch stood outside the circle with thirty Sentinel surrounding her.

"Not you," Imogen's finger shot out to Wraith, who inched forward. "You take twenty steps back. Now." After a long pause, he listened, his steps small. Still, the twenty-pace gap may as well have been a thousand. Satisfied, Imogen reached out to either side of her. "Sisters. Join hands. Lend me your power." All witches but Caden's captor shifted forward until their toes touched the inside of the yellow chalk line. They clasped hands. As Imogen chanted softly, the others joined in. It reminded me of the Tribal women when they were trying to save Julian, though I knew beyond a doubt there was no healing intended here today.

My hands formed a protective barrier around Veronique's body as the chant continued. At first, nothing happened. But then I noticed an iridescent pink glow rise from the yellow chalk, stretching higher and higher until it converged in a dome shape thirty feet above our heads.

"It is done!" Imogen's shoulders sagged with relaxation.

A sickly moan pulled my attention down to my lap. Veronique's eyelids fluttered open briefly to show only the whites of her eyes. My pulse began to race. Veronique was a goner.

"She's going to die!" I leveled Imogen with as hard a look as I could muster. "Help her or you'll never get what you want from them, I promise."

"Yes, she likely will die. But I can't help her, even if I wanted to. She's a vile toxic mess, like you." She dismissed me with a shrug, turning her attention to the dark-skinned witch standing outside the circle perimeter. "Sharie? Please let our friends know we're ready for them."

The woman nodded and turned to face the garage entrance, silent words fluttering off her lips. Like a malfunctioning mirage, I watched the perfect cast-iron gate illusion drop, revealing the gaping hole where the witches had stormed Viggo's palace not long ago, and the street beyond. A perfect view of the impending war should a passerby slow long enough to notice.

"They're not out there," I said half-heartedly.

Imogen's head fell back as a bone-chilling cackle echoed. "They're always out there. The Merth boundary is down. It won't be long now." Triumphant eyes crushed me with their confidence.

It took five minutes. Five minutes for the spies watching the place to inform their employers. Five minutes for Viggo and Mortimer to drop their Jonah hunt. Five minutes to appear out of thin air, two looming forms stalking in perfect unison. Five minutes for me to resign myself to the fact that this was it-the last nerve-racking secret revealed to all.

What I hadn't expected, what felt like a dip in an ice bath after a high fever, was seeing Mage and a wild-eyed Bishop follow immediately. They must've been watching from Lilly's condo! Mage's shrewd gaze dissected the entire situation with the expertise of a master swordsman, deciding where she could inflict the most harm. That is, if she was able to do anything besides keep a firm grip of Bishop's bicep.

Poor Bishop ... he twisted and thrashed and seethed, trying to break free and drown himself in the sweet euphoria of revenge. Mage leaned in and whispered something in his ear. Soon, it looked like she said. Soon ... what? Her word seemed to calm him down for he stopped fighting her, his body relaxing. His eyes grazed over his friends' predicament but they didn't rest long there, finally settling on a mound of ash eight feet from me. Bishop's jaw clenched fiercely. It took me a moment to clue in.

Fiona's final resting spot. I turned away, unable to witness his pain.

Taking in the four of them-four powerful vampires, unbound-I allowed myself the tiniest hint of optimism, feeling the scale tipping ever so slightly in our favor. All we needed was Sofie, and then maybe we'd have a hope in hell.

Viggo and Mortimer froze midstride, shocked eyes riveted to the broken body in my arms. With a roar, Mortimer dashed forward. I wasn't sure if he didn't see the light pink wall or if he didn't care, but he slammed right into it, stumbling back with a grunt.

"Veronique!" A long pause. "Veronique!" When she didn't respond to his voice, Mortimer's hands flew to his forehead.

"She's alive," I assured him, searching her wrist for a pulse, praying to God I wasn't lying. Mortimer turned to Wraith, disdain twisting his mouth. "Don't you have a specific purpose here?"

"To keep Evangeline from all harm," Wraith spewed the directive, oblivious to the contempt in Mortimer's voice.

Mortimer's hands flew forward with force. "Does this look like she's safe? Go in there! This magic can't stop you! Go! Save her!"

With feet planted firmly in their spot, Wraith shot back, "Not possible."

While their exchange continued, Viggo paced the outer perimeter of the magic bubble like a caged bear, his cold blue irises shifting from Veronique to me to Imogen, assessing.

"How did you get her out?" His whisper was an arctic breeze. My blood ran cold with his question. Leave it to Viggo to get to the heart of the matter. I concentrated on breathing, feeling my chest rise and fall, trying to calm myself. Let this lie die with me ...

Imogen shrugged. "I wish we could take credit for it, but she came out on her own, not long after we took over." A rare flicker of surprise gave Viggo away and Imogen's dark stare passed over to me. With it, the recognition that I dreaded. "You didn't tell them, did you?"

She may as well have stomped on my chest a dozen times. My shoulders folded in as I winced, as I felt the blood drain from my face. I couldn't bear to look up to meet Mortimer's meaningful glare and so I hung my head, studying Veronique's ashen face, praying this would blow over, that the significance of her question would be lost to them.

Not a chance ...

"Little lamb ... did you know that Veronique was out?" Viggo's glacial hiss cast frostbite into my fingertips. How did I respond? I had no clue. A lie sounded no better than the truth. Bile rose in my throat as I struggled for words.

There were no words.

I bit my tongue and maintained my focus on Veronique's closed lids. Dead silence filled the atrium and I could feel their hateful eyes boring into my head.

"Evangeline!" Mortimer's booming voice yanked my head up against my will, commanding my attention. My body began to tremble as I found chocolate brown orbs on me, a torrent of emotion in them. For him, I needed to explain.

"I'm sorry, Mortimer," I croaked. "I wanted to tell you. I wanted to tell you all. It was too risky, though. You would have attacked."

Mortimer's jaw set firmly as he listened to my confession. I couldn't read him. Not rage, not disappointment, not betrayal, not hatred. Nothing exposed in his cold stare-a stare that made me want to curl up and die.

Viggo was not so tolerant. He seethed, all shred of his normal charming psychopathic facade gone, replaced with gleaming white teeth and murder in his eyes. I wasn't sure if it was the situation or the embarrassment of being tricked by such a naive human that had him so irate. "I will tear you to pieces and describe every second of it to Sofie when she arrives. I will ..." With a maniacal howl, he dove for the nearest group of Sentinel.

They didn't have a chance.

In seconds, a pile of bloodied and torn corpses lay in Viggo's wake. In his blind fury, he had managed to free three of the captured wolves. Grinding bones and howls of agony filled the atrium and I watched with a mixture of horror and fascination as they morphed into wolf form. In the chaos, Ivan and the fifth wolf broke free and transformed. All five of them now stood with hackles raised and teeth bared, poised to strike but holding back.

Gasps of disgust assaulted my ears as the witches watched their guard crumble outside their wall. "Stand down, soldiers!" Imogen shouted, stopping the few dozen living Sentinel from moving.

Viggo's cold blue eyes turned back to me as if to say, you're next. I cowered, clutching Veronique's head tighter, thanking God and the Fates and anything else that had kept me alive so far, for the magical wall keeping Viggo from getting his wish.

"Who ..." The single word wrenched my focus down. Olive green slits gazed at me. Veronique had been pulled back from the brink. For how long, I had no idea. I needed to make it worthwhile. "I'm sorry for all this, Veronique. Please believe me!"

A tiny sympathetic smile answered me. I didn't know what it meant or if she even knew what was happening, or if she was already crossing over. Smoothing her hair off her forehead, I gently propped her head up and turned it so she could see outside of the circle.

"Mortim ..." She whispered, her frail hand dragging along the broken cobblestone, crooked fingers reaching out to him.

Mortimer dropped to his knees as close to the circle as possible, his brow furrowed, horror marring his rugged features. "Veronique! We'll get you out. I ..." His voice cracked, "I didn't know."

"I'm here too, my love!" Viggo cried out, mimicking Mortimer's position and dropping to his knees beside his rival, the charm again thick in his voice. "We had no idea you were out." Lethal eyes flipped to me. "We would have come sooner."

"I ... I ..." Veronique croaked, her words stunted by a violent coughing spasm. Sharp gasps sounded as a trickle of blood escaped the corner of her mouth.

"Please. Release her. I will turn myself over to you without challenge. Just please, let her live," Mortimer pleaded with Imogen, still on his knees.

"You will turn yourself over to me because you have no other choice. Negotiating is pointless," Imogen hissed, showing a set of perfectly even teeth. "You can't break through this wall, and if you make me wait too long, you'll watch her die."

If looks could kill, the one Mortimer laid upon Imogen at that point should have withered her into a hundred-year-old corpse. Turning to Mage, he hissed, "Where the hell is Sofie?" And I realized then, he didn't know.

"She's ... indisposed," Mage answered cryptically.

"Oh, she'll be here," Imogen chuckled. "She's never far behind these two."

"Doubt it," came Mage's cool response, leveling Imogen with a hateful stare.

"Damn her!" With another vicious war cry, Viggo tore away, the lone witch outside the circle his next target, followed by three more Sentinel men. If this continued, none of Imogen's guard would be standing. Did she care?

A lighthearted cackle contradicted the massacre like polka music at a fatal car wreck. "Go ahead! For every one you kill here, we have another hundred hidden away for tomorrow." A quick glance at the standing Sentinel showed unease with Imogen's license to kill. Feet began to shift backward, eyes darting toward the gaping exit.

"In that case," Mage murmured with a vicious smile. I turned in time to see her fingertips slip from Bishop's solid bicep. She waved him forward. "You've earned it. Let none escape," she ordered.

Bishop didn't hesitate, not for a second. The wolves took up his flanks, mowing down any Sentinel who dared run.

I buried my gaze in Veronique's face again as silent tears welled in my eyes and screams of terror echoed, my heart aching for what they had turned my dear broken friend in to. This was quickly spiraling down into hell. How long before it simply exploded and we all ceased to exist?

Veronique was still conscious, her eyes straining to see what was happening beyond the curtain of my draped hair. I wouldn't let her see, though. She didn't need her last memories of life to be this. And she couldn't die without making her decision. The right decision.

"I wasn't lying about Viggo," I whispered. I felt a ripple of tension course through her body but I pushed forward. "You must choose Mortimer, Veronique. You must!"

"Yes, you must," a familiar French lilt repeated, and my heart stopped. My head flew up. There, in the midst of pandemonium outside the circle, her red mane cascading over her shoulders stood Sofie. For just a second, I smiled. I actually smiled. For just that second, our eyes locked and I believed everything would be okay.

She broke her focus to measure the situation, her eyes narrowing as she took in the freshly killed bodies; to Viggo and Bishop, in the midst of the kill, who hadn't noticed her yet; to the witches within the circle. They skimmed over Fiona's resting spot. I could swear I caught a ghost of a smile but ... No. Sofie would never find amusement in Fiona's death ...

"Sofie," Imogen purred, "just like that. It's as if I called and you answered. We're one big happy family now, aren't we?"

Sofie's lips curled back into a hideous sneer. "I'm sorry. The Fates and I had some things to discuss."

Imogen struggled to keep her face composed. I could tell Sofie's words and confident air ruffled the leader.

Viggo took notice of Sofie and stopped tearing apart the Sentinel to run to her side. Bishop, in his own little world of oblivion, continued without abandon.

"Do something!" Mortimer screamed, still on his knees. "Break down this barrier and kill them!"

"I can't." Two words I hadn't expected from Sofie. My stomach tightened. Sofie always could. Or at least she could try. No ... I hadn't expected this.

"Even Sofie's not strong enough to break a spell cast by twenty-four powerful sorceresses," Imogen said as she approached me. Her hand grasped my shoulder, digging into my bone as it yanked me up. I scrambled to follow while trying to protect Veronique's head from smashing against the stones.

"But there's so much I can do," Imogen said. "First, you will contain that madman over there." Imogen nodded her head toward Bishop. "And then we will immobilize you with this lovely weed you made available to us." Imogen dragged me along as she prattled off demands. "Once that's done-"

Sofie's snicker stopped Imogen dead in her tracks, bristling. "Or should I just kill them all here in front of you instead? Would that be more satisfactory?" Imogen offered.

"You're so lucky I can't get inside that circle, Imogen. All I'd have to do is get to you. Then this spell would break and the five of us would end you." Sofie's plump lips curled in a way I so rarely saw. A predator's smile. "We'd take such pleasure in it."

Imogen jerked my body forward so I was standing in front of her like a shield, her grip of my arms tightening painfully. "Like I said ... you can't get inside this circle, so there's no point running through your sick fantasies."

"You're right. I can't." Mint eyes rested on me for a moment before moving back to my captor.

She couldn't ... but I was already inside the circle. Sofie was sending me a message. She was telling me what I needed to do. I needed to take Imogen out to save us all. Me-the terrified, weak human.

Swallowing hard, I glanced around. How? I was a human surrounded by a ring of powerful witches, one of whom had a knife on Caden, ready to dig out his heart. It needed to be quick and effective. My eyes roamed the ground for weapons. Cobblestone to the temple? Did she need to be dead or just injured? God. I broke out in a cold sweat. This could end in disaster. Everything I did seemed to turn into a disaster. I looked back at Sofie, pleading silently for her to give me something to work with. I got nothing in return except flaring nostrils. A sign of impatience. I was failing her. I needed to do something now.

Suddenly, Sofie stretched her arms out to her sides, palms up. She tipped her head back and yelled, "We made a deal! Any time now, Terra!" Terra?

"What's she talking about?" Imogen muttered, her fingers raking my arms, her tension increasing. I tried edging away but she yanked me back with her death grip.

And that was when I felt something cold and hard against my calf.

My dagger.

That would work. If I could just reach it ...

"You can't win," I said, my voice hoarse, a desperate plan unfolding in my head.

"Shut up!" Imogen lashed out, annoyed.

Hope sparked inside me. Annoyance was what I needed. I needed to goad her further. "They'll get in here. They'll beat you. Sofie will outsmart you. She'll always be smarter than you."

"Shut up, you little bitch!' She threw me to the ground. I landed on my forearms and knees, the stones cutting into my flesh. I barely felt it, though, my heart pumping fiercely. I could see Caden's face at this level. Our eyes connected. I held his gaze as I slowly reached down to my boot. Could he tell what I was doing? Without moving my head, I scanned the group. Could they? So many eyes. Too many eyes. I needed a distraction. Something other than the ring of vampires around us.

"Are you so afraid of a few vampires that you have to hide behind this wall? Come on, Imogen! Fight like a real sorceress! Show me what you've got!" As if reading my mind, Sofie began shouting obscenities at the group, provoking them, distracting them. I shifted my weight as I pulled one leg up, steadying my foot on the ground. My hand slid into the boot. Was Sofie watching? She couldn't know what I was doing. She didn't know I had a knife, I realized. Whatever. Maybe she expected me to smash Imogen's head in with a stone. All I needed to do was stop this she-devil, and the circle would be broken.

Or maybe I'd fail. Maybe I'd die trying.

Inhaling a lung's full of courage, I glanced one last time at Caden. His eyes hadn't left me. I love you, I mouthed, fighting back the tears that threatened as my hand wrapped around the handle of the dagger-Caden's gift to me.

"What are you doing?" Imogen's sharp voice froze my hand. I looked up to see her towering over me, glaring suspiciously, at my hand.

I failed. Already. And I hadn't even tried.

All of a sudden, a banshee's wail let loose in the atrium, setting my hair on end. Heads whip around. I followed their gaze to the one mountain of burned bodies within the circle, where tiny fissures spidered through the hard ash.

Something was breaking through.

It quickly rose, unfolding like a butterfly for the first time. A naked body. A female body by the supple curves taking form under the soot-colored skin. Good God, what new monstrosity has Imogen created? Its eyelids burst open. Steely violet eyes. I knew those eyes.

"Fiona!" Bishop's bellow sent shivers down my spine. He crashed to his knees, using one hand for support, as if delivered a deadly blow, an eternity of sorrow vanishing from his face.

Screams of terror exploded within the bubble. I turned to see Sofie smiling gloriously. And then she turned to me and she roared, "Now!"

I didn't waste another second doubting. I yanked the dagger out and stood in one fluid motion. My arm wound back above my head, aiming for my target with all the strength I could gather. For Caden. For Veronique. For me.

And then I struck.

I felt the blade slide into Imogen's back, tearing through muscle, splintering bones, and finally piercing something deep inside. I yanked the blade out with force, winding to strike again. Imogen spun around, teetering forward, her eyes wide with shock. For just a moment, I thought I had failed. Her mouth opened to scream. A gurgling sound came out, and then she collapsed. Dead.

The pink translucent glow evaporated and, with it, any hope of survival for these witches. Red hair and fur flew past me in a whirl, tearing Merth bindings off, freeing everyone to exact their own personal revenge. I stood there holding my bloodied dagger, immobile, unable to focus on any one person. Not wanting to focus on any one person for too long. My sweet childlike Lilly, who fed me drug-laced warm milk only hours ago, tore someone's throat out mere feet away from me. Max and his brothers ran side by side to tear down sorceresses trying to escape. All around me, sorceress bodies fell as their enemies-my friends-held true to their promises.

But where was Veronique? My eyes flashed wide with panic as I searched the ground for her. Mortimer was there, gently lifting her up, a beautiful, wide smile like nothing I'd ever seen on him before, transforming him into the man Veronique no doubt fell in love with.

"Evie!" I searched the chaos. There, standing over the blond, his fist on the dagger protruding from her chest, Caden stood smiling, his face the picture of relief. We did it. We saved Veronique. We saved Bishop. I threw a wink and a kiss to him. His smile vanished, his attention flying to my right, panic igniting them. I turned.

Viggo lingered five feet away, hateful eyes devouring me. I grappled for air as it left my lungs. He had promised, after all. I then felt a sudden breeze, accompanied by the beginning of Caden's scream.

And then nothing.

***

White mist clouded my eyes. Instinctively, I reached up to rub them. When my hands moved away, four celestial beings formed in front of me, their colorful irises sparkling as they gazed down at me.

"Hello, Evangeline." The man speaking had the most beautiful voice.

"Where am I?" I asked as I took in their white gowns and the gossamer wings floating behind them. Angels? Am I dead?

"That depends ...," he answered. I realized he was answering my unspoken question. The fact that he could read my mind didn't bother me. Not much bothered me right now. "We are the Fates. Do you know why you're here?"

I felt my head shake back and forth dumbly. The Fates ... I was meeting the Fates?

My surroundings shifted and I now stood beside myself in the atrium, just as I'd left it moments prior. I watched a replay of those last few disastrous seconds as an invisible bystander-of Caden's panic, of Viggo flying toward me. Of Viggo snapping my neck.

Viggo kept his promise to me.

"I'm dead."

"For the moment," a female Fate answered. "You have an important choice to make, and not long to make it. We made an arrangement with Sofie. You must make your choice-do you remain human or transform to become a vampire?

I frowned, not comprehending.

The male Fate explained, "If you choose human, then you die. If you choose vampire, you live."

"What do you mean? Right here, right now? You're going to turn me?"

"Is that what you want?" he asked.

I wasn't prepared for this. I hadn't expected it. But ... "Yes! Yes!" Tears of happiness rained down my cheeks. Could it finally be coming true?

As if this answer pleased him, the Fate reached out to cup my chin. "So it is done. We will honor our arrangement with Sofie. Your wish is granted." He smiled at me, a smile of familiarity and adoration. When he leaned down to plant a kiss on my forehead, he whispered, "I am so proud of you ... my child."

***

A hot, searing sun scorched my eyes, set fire to my blood, and charred my skin to a black crispy ash. It penetrated through my muscles, deeper and deeper, its flaming tentacles snatching my vital organs, ripping them out of my body.

My senses tumbled in disarray. Sounds waffled and blurred yet I heard everything. Sofie's wails, screaming my name over and over ... Caden's pleading whispers.

"Please survive."

"I love you." A thousand times over.

Images hazed over and quadrupled and yet I saw everything. Street lights and snowflakes and crowds of pedestrians. Bodies lying in the middle of the street. Julian's body slung over Amelie's shoulder. Veronique, cradled in Mortimer's arms. Running ...

The world was still and spinning at the same time. Churning, twisting, flying by.

A thousand-pound weight crushed my lungs, paralyzing them. I couldn't breathe. I could see the air floating around me-a solid form-and yet I clawed and heaved and wheezed for it, only to have it out of reach. Time passed by in leaps and bounds and not at all.

And through all of this, deep, consuming agony, as if I'd been stuffed into a blazing fire and purposely kept alive to forever endure the pain.

***

The smell of sour, wet soil flooded my nostrils. I welcomed it eagerly, letting its coolness envelop my entire body.

"I think she's awake." My eyes flew open at the sound of Caden's voice to find him hovering over me. I noticed a flash of surprise across his face before he smiled. I inhaled deeply, soaking up his magnificent scent-the mixture of ocean and forest crushing me with overwhelming desire. I let it absorb into my pores, circulate through my body, hungry for it. For him.

I thought about kissing him and the next thing I knew, my mouth covered his, adoring the sweet taste of his lips. So much sweeter than ever before. I wanted to touch the deep ridges in his chest, and the next thing I knew, my fingernails tore through his shirt, as though made of tissue paper, to reach his sculpted chest below.

"Jeez, Evie," another male voice muttered behind me. "Thirty seconds back from the dead and you're already mauling him. Get a room, will ya? Or at least another dark hole to hide in ..."

Bishop! With a surprised gasp, I whipped around to find Bishop grinning widely at me, his arm hanging over Fiona. Fiona! I stared unabashed at her, my jaw gaping wide. She really had risen from the dead! With a giggle, Fiona threw me a wink and then squeezed Bishop's torso as if she'd never detach from him again.

My memory slammed into me. "Viggo killed me and the Fates brought me back. They turned me." A long pause. "They turned me?"

"Yes," Caden's fingertips slid along my cheek, the intensity of his touch sending shudders through me, almost too much to handle now, so powerful my attraction to Caden. Like a feral animal with no discretion, I wanted him. I looked at him, at that gorgeous face, and I could see he felt it too.

"How do you feel?" a French croon interrupted our private moment. I jumped, quickly zeroing in on Sofie, leaning against a wall to my left.

"Fine, I think. I don't know." I had no idea. Was I okay? Glancing down at my arm, I found them unblemished, healed. Perfect. "I feel ... different but the same?" I looked at her questioningly. "I thought I was supposed to be going crazy for blood right now."

She smiled sadly. "Your body is still in shock from the transformation. That, and there are no humans down here. But it will come. Soon." A million questions whirled through my head but I silenced them, focusing on the most important.

"You made this happen, Sofie. You fixed us." I stared pointedly at Fiona. "You brought Fiona back. You saved me, Sofie. Thank you."

She offered a tight-lipped smile and nod. "I bartered and won two requests. Fiona was one. Giving you the choice to become vampire was the other."

A mixture of relief and happiness exploded inside me. My eyes danced around the space, landing on Lilly, standing near an iron gate off to the side. She smiled shyly at me. I had the urge to hug her. In a split second, I found myself with my arms wound around her tiny frame.

"We can be forever sisters now," she whispered, gazing up at me with awe. Had I still been human, I would've cried. But I already sensed that no more tears would stain my cheeks and so I smiled instead, nodding.

"Forever sisters."

Finally, Sleeping Beauty graces us ... Max was stretched out on the floor in one corner. I dove on top of him, giggling hysterically as he grunted in mock pain.

"I'm sorry for keeping you in the dark and being a royal pain, Max," I apologized, giving his head a fierce kiss. He grumbled in response. I could tell he was happy.

Rolling off him with the grace of a feline, I landed in a squat next to a grinning Julian and Amelie, their hands entwined, and another wave of delight bowled over me. "You look different, Julian."

His eyebrow raised knowingly. "So do you." We smashed into each other in a fierce embrace. "It was a package deal. No one bit us. We just kind of ... fell asleep."

So my choice was their fate. "You okay with it? I know how much you love vampires."

A quick check over his shoulder at Amelie and he whispered, "I'll get used to it."

Brilliant green eyes appeared suddenly as Amelie dove in, throwing herself at me. "I'm so glad you're back! We were worried. You took forever to wake up! Like an entire day! Julian and Veronique were conscious in an hour!"

I grabbed Amelie's wrist. "Where is she? Where is Veronique?"

"Here," came the melodious voice. My head whipped around to find two forms strolling in, arm in arm. I gaped openly. Veronique-a mass of bruises and burns and stringy clothes-was now healed and spectacular, her shiny ringlets cascading down her back, her figure full and supple.

Veronique, Julian, and I, transformed. Veronique safe and with Mortimer. I sighed. I don't believe it! Sofie had fixed it. Caden said she would, and she did. Never again would I doubt her.

"There is nothing you can't do, is there, Sofie?" Dark glances flittered about the room. My scalp prickled. Something was wrong. I scanned everything again, analyzing further. Broken chunks of wood, narrow halls carved out of dirt surrounded us.

"Where are we? Where is everyone else? Where's Mage and Kait, and Max's brothers? The wolves? Wait!" I spun around, in search of my shadow. "Where's Wraith?" I promised myself then and there that I'd stop being a jerk to him. I wondered how he handled apologies.

"Wraith's gone, Evangeline," Sofie informed me softly. "He was here to protect your mortal life. That is no longer an issue."

"Oh." A trace of regret gnawed at me, one that surprised me. I never got to say goodbye.

"And the others are out, trying to ... contain the situation."

I frowned, earning a sigh from Sofie. "A lot has happened in two days, Evangeline. Right now, we're in an old mine outside the city."

"Why? To keep us from human blood?" I forced a laugh. "This is a little dramatic, don't you think?"

"It's temporary, but it was the best form of safety we could find while we waited for you. No one will find us down here."

"Who's looking? We won against the witches, right?" No answer.

A gaggle of knowing looks connected and passed over my head. Like a domino of disaster, it finally hit me. We had bigger problems than witches and Sentinel.

"Veronique chose Mortimer," I said.

"Veronique chose Mortimer," Sofie echoed, her hands folding over each other in front of her face, as if in prayer. I turned to see matching masks of guilt painted on the loving couple's faces.

Swallowing the terror bubbling up from the pit of my stomach, I whispered, "What has Viggo done?"

Sofie's stare bore into my soul, gripping it with icy fingers. "All paths will lead to one fate." She said it as though quoting someone. Maybe she was. "Viggo has started the war."

