Chapter One

"I was excited to get the chance to play Endurance Island. Been sitting at home, recovering and doing leg exercises. I actually was so pumped that I dropped my damn phone. Screen shattered a million ways. I sort of missed everything after the whole 'Want to play again' question. Do I want to play? Hell yeah I do. I keep thinking of everything I did wrong in House Guests. I should have won. I played a good game and had no enemies. Unfortunately, I went up against someone who was as charismatic as he was underhanded, and he won. Moral of the story? The good guy never wins." - Jendan Abercrombie, Pre-Game Interview, Endurance Island: Power Players

"Aren't you that girl from Endurance Island?"

I mentally cringed as I put the customer's water glass down on the table, but I kept my smile pinned to my face. No smile, no tips, and waitresses worked for tips.

"What's your name again?" The eagerly smiling woman seated on my left didn't mean any harm, but I hated every time I got that question.

"Annabelle. Annabelle Tucker. Season four." I placed paper-wrapped straws on the table. "Nice to meet you guys. Y'all ready to order?"

"Oh my God," said her lunch date. "That's right! You're the-" He cut off, snapping his jaw shut before he could say the words, and then corrected himself. "You're the girl that fell in love on the island."

"That was me." It was getting harder and harder to keep the smile on my face. "Should I give you a few more minutes to look over the menu?" And give me a chance to escape?

"Wow, you look different," the woman said.

I knew what that meant. You sure did look skinnier/tanner/better on the island. I heard it all the time. It wasn't meant insultingly, I supposed. People just got used to seeing you hollow-cheeked and burned bronze by the sun. "Do I? Thank you."

"How come you're waiting tables? Don't they pay you guys to be on TV?" The man gave me an interested look that spent more time on my br**sts than my face. Again, something I'd had to get used to, considering all of TV-watching America had seen me running around in a skimpy yellow bikini for two months.

"You don't get the big money if you lose," I said, giving them my best sweet Southern drawl. "And I lost. Why don't y'all take a moment more to look at the menu? I'll just come back when you're ready." I beamed at them and hurried away.

As I turned my back, I nearly ran into another server in my haste to escape. We paused, smiling awkwardly at each other, and as we did, I overheard a snatch of the conversation at the table I'd just left.

"She's the slutty one," the man hissed at his girlfriend. "Remember, from last season? The one that kept making out with the guy?"

"I know!" the woman said excitedly.

Oh ugh. I hurried away, dashing off to hide in the kitchens of the bustling restaurant for a few minutes.

After a year, I didn't know why the comments still bothered me. I'd seen every episode of Endurance Island as it aired, despite the fact that I'd experienced most of it first-hand. I knew going in to my reality TV experience that it wasn't necessarily 'reality' and that things would be edited to make a better story. I'd been warned about that by the producers and staff, and to not take anything personally.

Of course, it was hard not to take things personally when you were edited as the Idiot Slut.

I fully acknowledged that I hadn't been the smartest player on the island. When I got out there, I was a fresh-faced college student who'd never been far from Alabama. Spending time on an exotic Caribbean island sounded like a great way to spend the summer, so when the casting department picked my application out of a pile, I was thrilled.

And as soon as I got out to the island, I met Kip.

Oh, Kip.

He had rakish black curls that he wore long and brushing his neck, like some Game of Thrones enthusiast. He was tall, tanned, and beautiful. And he was a big, fat, lying sack of crap.

I didn't know that at first. So when we showed up on the same team and he began to flirt with me, I was instantly smitten. We teased and flirted for the first few days, and then it grew more serious as time passed. By the time the tribes merged, we were spending every waking moment kissing and cuddling.

All of my private confessionals were about how happy I was to meet Kip, and how we were a team, and how I was in love.

All of Kip's confessionals - which I saw for the first time on television, along with the viewing audiences - were about how incredibly gullible and stupid I was. How he was playing me for my jury vote, and how all he had to do was kiss me and I'd do whatever he said.

Everyone else had seen it long before I did. I'd been voted off with five members left, because at that point, I was too likable for Kip to take with him to the end. I'd been confused and miserable that I'd been booted, and my fellow jury members had tried to gently break it to me that Kip was using me. I'd denied it, and when Kip was at the finale with Bailey, an intelligent, charming med student, I'd steadfastly voted for Kip and lobbied for the others to do the same.

After the votes were cast, Kip and I reunited. We had one night of sex in the lodge, and Kip promised to call me the next day. I went home, starry-eyed and in love, and not even upset that I didn't win.

But Kip never called. I tried calling him, and got nothing but his voicemail. It hurt at first, but I chalked it up to an island fling and moved on.

At least, I moved on until Endurance Island: The Caribbean started playing on TV.

Then, I watched with dawning horror each week as I was humiliated and publicly destroyed.

Kip had thought I was an easy piece of ass. Every glance toward the cameras was him rolling his eyes at me, and I'd been edited to seem like a stupid bimbo, blinded by hormones. The only times I showed up on TV, I was made to sound like an idiot, and when I wasn't, I was busy sucking face with Kip. Every make-out session was then punctuated by a sound-bite or two of how Kip was using me to get further in the game.

It was awful. Really awful. The worst part of it was that I'd had no idea the entire time. I'd thought I was falling in love.

Guess that made me pretty gullible.

By the time the Endurance Island cast was called to New York City for the big finale and reunion, I was getting recognized on the streets as 'that dumb slut' from Endurance Island. Editing had made it look like I'd slept with Kip constantly, when I'd only slept with him once - at the loser lodge - and I regretted that bitterly. The other contestants had given me sympathetic looks and silent support during the finale. They knew I wasn't the horndog TV had made me out to be, but it didn't matter.

A dumb bimbo slut falling for Kip's stories made good TV.

I wasn't surprised to see that I was the only one that had voted for Kip. Bailey won by a landslide. I didn't mind; I was relieved that the dick hadn't gotten the prize money, and when Kip tried to hug me at the reunion show, I'd avoided him. I left New York City on the earliest flight possible and returned to college. Well, for about a week. After that, I couldn't stand the comments and leers from the guys on campus, so I dropped out for a semester or two. Just until things died down.

Of course, that meant that my student loans were catching up with me, so I took a job waiting tables to pay the bills. Most times, customers didn't recognize me. I wore enough make-up and dyed my hair brown instead of the island blonde I'd been, and I flew under the radar.

Some days - like today - there was just no way to hide.

Steeling myself, I gripped a stack of menus and took in a deep breath. I exited the kitchens and headed back out to the table where the couple was sitting eagerly, waiting for me to return like a pair of jackals hovering over a kill. My smile pinned to my face, I beamed at them as I re-approached the table. "Y'all ready to order now?"

"Sure," the woman said, smiling. Instead of looking at the menu, though, she grinned at me. "Can I ask you something, though?"

My heart sank. "Of course."

"What happened between you and that Kit guy? You two were pretty hot and heavy on the island."

"You'd think that with the way it looked on TV, wouldn't you?" I made my tone light, as if the question didn't bother me in the slightest. "Kip and I are just good friends, though. Nothing more."

"It looked like more than friends out there," her date commented.

I clutched the menus to my chest tighter. "Just friends. I haven't talked to him since the finale. Can I recommend the special of the day? Chicken fried steak with pepper gravy, and some fresh corn. It's really good."

~~ *** ~~

Karma was against me that day. Maybe Mercury was in Retrograde, because all the Endurance Island groupies came out to the restaurant to see bimbo Annabelle and her slutty McSlutterton boobs. I had no less than four tables that night that asked about the show, and one guy even wanted to pay me to pose with him in my yellow bikini. I turned it down. Yuck.

By the time I'd cashed out my tips for the evening, I never wanted to hear the words 'Endurance Island' ever again. Ever. Again.

"Better check your phone," my friend Patrice warned me as I headed to my locker. "I heard it buzzing all night long."

"Oh?" At the restaurant, we weren't allowed to carry our phones with us out on the floor, which sucked. I normally came back to a few silly texts from friends, and the occasional dirty picture from my friend Norah. I opened my locker and pulled out my phone. Tonight, it seemed I had voicemail. Huh. Listening to messages, I headed to my car.

Two messages from Norah, two calls from debt collectors (those student loans were REALLY starting to rack up), and two voicemails from a number I didn't recognize. I put my phone to my ear, listening as I started the engine.

"Hi, Annabelle, this is Judy with Endurance Island casting. We're putting together a returning players season and would love to know if you're interested. Can you give me a call back?"

Judy had left a similar message two hours later. This one sounded more desperate than the last one. "Hi, Annabelle, it's Judy with Endurance Island casting again. I hate to keep bothering you, but I wanted to make sure you got my message. We had one of our players fail a physical and now we're looking for a replacement that can fly out on short notice, and your name came up in casting. Please give me a call back, even if it's just to tell me no. I'd really appreciate it."

She sounded stressed. I felt a note of sympathy even as my stomach clenched at the thought of going on Endurance Island again. No freaking way. Going back on Endurance Island was the last thing I wanted to do. Public national humiliation, round two? No thank you. I'd learned my lesson the first time. Annabelle the Island Bimbo was retired.

But still, I felt guilty. The woman on the other end sounded frazzled. I couldn't stop thinking about it as I drove home. When I entered my apartment, I sat down on the couch and stared at my phone. Did I feel guilty enough to return her phone call?

I did. After all, it was about seven at night California time. Judy wouldn't be in the office. I'd leave her a nice voicemail thanking her for thinking of me, but no, I wasn't interested.

To my surprise, the phone picked up on the first ring. "Judy Gish."

"Um." My mind blanked out. I hadn't expected to actually talk to anyone except the machine. "This is Annabelle Tucker. I was just returning your phone call-"

"Oh, Annabelle! Thank God! I'm at my wits' end here!"

"Listen, Judy, it was nice of you to think of me-"

"Before you tell me no," she interrupted, "Can I tell you a bit about the season? Please?"

I chewed on my lip. I'd never been able to hang up on a telemarketer. Why had I expected to be able to hang up on Judy with a firmly barked "NO"?

"Please?" She asked again.

Sigh. "Okay. Go ahead."

"Great," she said, bubbling enthusiasm through the phone. "The newest season starts taping in three days and we've had a few unexpected drop-outs that have cleaned out our pool of back-up candidates. So we're going through the cast list of your season and your name came up. This season will be Endurance Island: Power Players. You'll be coupled up with an old friend -"

Couples? Old friend? "God, no," I blurted. "I refuse to play with Kip again."

"Hear me out," she said quickly. "We're pulling people from several different shows. It doesn't mean that you'd be paired up with Kip. That's just the marketing gimmick."

"I still don't-"

"We're paying flat fees to all contestants this year to encourage people to sign up," she continued on merrily, as if I wasn't trying to shut her down. "Since this is going to be a highly competitive season, everyone gets twenty-five grand just for being on the show, even if you're in last place. Jury members make fifty grand."

I paused. That...was a lot of money. Last time I'd been on the show, they paid us $200 a day, and I'd been stoked at receiving a check for eight grand. Fifty grand was...crazy. "Why so much?"

"As I said, it's going to be a tougher season."

Like an idiot, I wavered. "I'm not exactly thrilled with how I was portrayed last season."

"New season, new villains," she chirped. "Plus, don't you want the chance to redeem yourself?"

Boy, she knew just the right things to say to hit my buttons, didn't she? I thought of the money. Fifty grand if I made it to the jury. That would make a huge dent in my mounting student loans. More than that, though...I could redeem myself.

I'd play hardball this time. No Annabelle the Make Out Bunny. I was reasonably athletic, reasonably likable...why couldn't I turn things around?

Hell, I'd have to do better than last time. There was no place to go but up, really.

Still, I wasn't eager to jump right back on board. I'd lose my (admittedly not great) job. I'd be back on TV and back on the minds of everyone. With the exception of today, things were starting to calm down again. Going back on TV would put me back to ground zero when it came to the public forgetting about me.

But...fifty grand.

"Are you still there, Annabelle?"

"I'm here. Just thinking."

"We'd really, really love to have you on this next season. You're a strong player and a very polarizing one."

AKA, you're notorious and you won't fly under the radar. I was exactly the kind of player they loved, I supposed. If you can't be great, be interesting.

I wavered even more. Still, I had to know a few things first. "Is Kip playing?"

Judy sighed. "I'm not going to lie. He is." Before I could protest, she hurried on. "But! I can put in a request that you be on opposite teams, and wouldn't you love the chance to play against him?"

More tempting words. And Kip was someone that definitely didn't play under the radar, so he'd either end up running his team or getting the boot right away. I was hoping for the latter. How much would it stick in his craw if I lasted longer than him?

A whole hell of a lot.

My phone buzzed with an incoming text. I pulled it away from my ear and looked. It was from work. Deenie called in again. Can you cover her shift tomorrow? 11-9. Thx!

Damn it. I'd worked seven days straight already. Endurance Island was starting to sound like a vacation. "Where is it filming?"

"Fiji," Judy told me. "A few private islands. Totally lovely. Totally not the rainy season, either, so you don't have to worry about that."

Oh wow. Fiji for six weeks. I pictured white sands, blue waters...and fifty grand. "I have conditions," I said after a moment.

"Name them," Judy said quickly. "If you want to be on this season, we need to fly you out tomorrow. Like I said, we start filming ASAP and I desperately need to fill this hole in the cast list."

"No Kip."

"Noted. What else?"

"No slut edit."

She paused for a moment. "That's not exactly in my jurisdiction, but I can pass it along."

Fair enough. I had no intention of giving anyone any sort of footage that would make me look questionable in any way. If I went back there, I was playing hard and rough. No more nice Annabelle. "And I want fifty thousand regardless."

"You get fifty if you get on the jury."

"Even if I don't make the jury, I still want fifty."

I could practically hear the wheels turning in her head. "Normally I'd have to refuse," Judy began slowly.

"But you're crunched for time and you need to fill a hole in the cast list," I added helpfully.

"I...need to make a few phone calls."

"I'll wait."

The phone clicked over and she put me on hold. As tinny hold music played, I gazed at my tiny apartment, thinking hard. I couldn't believe I was even considering this. Kip was going to be on that island. I hated Kip. He was a jerk and a user, and I was the island bimbo.

Fifty grand, though.

I could turn Judy down. Go in and cover Deenie's shift at the restaurant tomorrow and make a hundred bucks in tips, if I was lucky. Endure more customers recognizing me from the show. Ignore the second notices on my student loans that were now coming due since I'd dropped out of college.

Or I could spend six weeks in Fiji and make fifty grand.

Was fifty grand really worth it, though? I made a fool of myself last time. Wounded my pride, my ego, and my heart. My confidence, not strong after last season's debacle, wavered. Saying no was safe. Saying no would let my life go back to normal. I could forget about stupid TV shows and jerks that used me for my vote, and the humiliation of being branded as a slut on national TV.

The phone line clicked over. "The producers say I can offer you fifty grand no matter your placement as long as you sign an agreement that you won't mention your compensation to the other contestants."

How could I say no to that? "When do I fly out?"

~~ *** ~~

Twenty-four hours later, I was caught up in the Endurance Island whirlwind of contestant preparations prior to filming. There were waivers to sign, contracts to look over, basic prep work, medical tests, and grooming. By the time I emerged from the offices, my hand hurt from signing and initialing documents, my arm had been stuck with half a dozen shots, my hair was blonde again ("So the audience can remember who you are!") and I was waxed within an inch of my life. I was TV ready.

Except for one thing - my clothing.

"Don't I get a bag of supplies at this point?" I asked the production assistant shepherding me toward a plane.

She slapped a mask into my hands. "This is for when you arrive in Fiji. Your flight is going to take you from LA to Fiji direct as an overnight. Once you get there, a production assistant will be waiting for you on the island. Your flight has been staggered with the other contestants so no one arrives at the same time. In the event that your flight is delayed, production requires that you put on your mask as you disembark the plane so you don't catch sight of any of the other contestants."

I stared down at the black-shaded goggles in my hand. It looked like a dive mask with the lenses filled in. They expected me to wear this through the airport? I mentally pictured myself wandering blind through the crowded airport. Yeah, fat chance. "Clothing?" I reminded her again. "No one's even measured me for sizes. I remember that from last time."

"Oh, that." She waved a hand. "If you read in your contract, it said that clothing would be handled in-game."

"What paragraph was that in?" I asked, tucking the mask into my shoulder bag. The contract had been two hundred pages long and I'd signed so many varied wavers that I felt like I was being mortgaged. I'd tried to read every page shoved in front of me, but I'd eventually been worn down and gave up, just signing as they stuck documents in front of me.

"Pretty sure it was in Section B, paragraph twenty-three," she told me and handed me another clipboard to sign. "Good luck in the game!"

~~ *** ~~

Luckily for me, the plane arrived on time and I didn't have to stumble through Nadi Airport blindfolded. The waiting assistant was polite, and when I got in the car, it was time to put on my blindfold. I dozed off in the back seat and woke up when the car stopped and I was ushered into a small, echoing room.

"You can take your mask off now," the production assistant told me.

I did, wincing at the bright fluorescent lights. I was in a hotel bathroom, the decorative motif a tiki-style, complete with bamboo-edged mirror and leafy plants in the corner next to the toilet paper. I peered into the mirror, wincing at the red lines on my cheeks that the mask had left.

"You can fix your hair and make-up in here," the assistant told me. "When you're ready for your pre-game interviews, go through that door there." She pointed at a door on the opposite end of the bathroom, labeled "AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY" with a paper sign. "They'll notify me when your interviews are done and I'll come and get you."

"Okay, thanks," I told her, and picked through the beauty supplies left on the counter. After rubbing my cheeks for a few minutes to reduce the red line left by the mask, I finger-combed my hair, not entirely used to being a blonde again. I swept my bangs over to the side of my face and pulled the rest of my hair into a knot high on my head, similar to how I'd worn it the last time I was on Endurance Island. I'd learned from my last stint that less makeup in pre-and-post interviews meant less commentary on how 'whorey' I looked in real life. With a little bit of eyeliner and lip gloss, I was ready.

I knocked on the door before opening it, and stepped out onto a tiny patio. More potted plants had been set up around a folding director's chair, and in the distance, the blue waters of the ocean tumbled onto the sand in a rhythmic pattern. The two men adjusting their camera tripods gestured for me to sit in the seat of honor. I sat, clasped my hands on my knee, and waited.

"All right," said the first man. "You know how this goes. Give us some good sound bites and we'll get you out of here faster."

"Got it."

He tilted his camera and pointed at the lens. "Remember to talk to this, not me. And speak clearly," he said as the other man came up to me and began to tie a microphone onto the neck of my t-shirt. "Give us a brief intro about you. Job, age, et-cetera."

I smiled at the camera. "I'm Annabelle Tucker, I'm twenty-two, and I'm going to college at Texas AandM. Well, I was. Right now, I'm just waiting tables and taking a bit of a break." My smile turned awkward. My break was so I could get over my issues from the last season of Endurance Island, and here I was again. Was I stupid? I must be. "I was previously on Endurance Island, season four."

"What's your strategy this time around?" He sounded completely bored, as if my strategy were the last thing he wanted to hear about at the moment.

"Well." I tilted my head, wondering how much I wanted to lay out on the table. Then, I decided that I might as well put it all out there. Anyone that watched the show regularly would remember me (unfortunately) so there was no point in hiding facts. "Last season, I was extremely gullible and fell for a guy. I thought we had a real thing, but I didn't realize until after I watched the show that he was using me. So I figure this time, I'm going in with a new, five point strategy."

"And what are those five points?"

I held up my hand and ticked off the first finger. "Be less gullible. This time around, I'm not trusting anything that anyone says. If they tell me something, I'm going to assume there's an angle." I ticked off the next finger. "Play hard. Last time, I played hard, too, but this time, I'm going to give it a hundred and twenty percent." I ticked off another finger. "Play for me. Last time, I played so me and my guy -" I grimaced at the thought and continued, "- could get ahead. This time, it's just me." Another finger. "Fight dirty. No one else plays fair, so why should I? Nothing's off the table. Except for number five." I wiggled my spread hand at the camera. "Number five - absolutely, positively no romance this time."

Chapter Two

"How will I play this game differently than the last one? Well, for starters, I don't want to be the shoulder that the hot girl cries on. I'm tired of second place - in everything." - Jendan Abercrombie, Pre-Game Interviews, Endurance Island: Power Players

"Okay, everyone, take off your masks," called a production assistant. "As a reminder, no one is to talk until you get to your assigned base camps. Please wait for cues and follow all instructions. Thank you."

I pulled the mask off my face and rubbed my cheeks again, blinking at the bright sunlight. I'd been wearing the damn thing for two hours and was glad it was finally off. My eyes slowly adjusted to the light and I peered at the faces around me.

I sat on a bench in a tiny wooden boat crammed with fifteen other people - eight men and seven other women - and the pale shores of the island were coming into view. There was no cover for the boat, and it was hot under the blistering sun. Underneath my feet, a bit of water puddled around my water-shoes and the life-jacket around my neck itched. I'd dressed sensibly for the outing - a t-shirt and shorts - but I'd expected a casting change of clothing before being shuffled onto a ship with the rest of the contestants. No such luck. I was just grateful I hadn't worn high heels or something dressier in an attempt to look pretty for the other contestants. That was one bonus of being a returning contestant with zero romance on your mind, I supposed. You just didn't give a shit what you looked like.

Even though I knew I should be studying the other contestants to size them up, I couldn't help but sneak a peek at the island in the distance. The closest one was dotted with green trees, the sandy beach encircling the shore, and I could hear waves gently lapping. It looked like paradise. The sight of it bolstered me. I'd been having second thoughts about signing on for the game ever since I'd flown out here, but seeing that beach made me think things wouldn't be so bad. If I got voted out first, I'd have a two-month island vacation, right? There were worse things than that.

And fifty grand, I reminded myself, thinking of the contract I'd signed with glee. Even if I was voted out first, I'd still get that fifty grand. That helped things a lot.

As I rubbed my eyes and adjusted to the sunlight, a shoe nudged mine from across the seats. I blinked and looked over in the boat...and stifled a groan. I recognized that killer tan, the messy black curls, and rakish smile. Kip.

He winked at me and mouthed a greeting. "Hey, sweet thing."

I rolled my eyes. Thank God I wasn't going to be on his team. I'd had enough of that shithead last time. If he thought we were going to team up this time, he was sorely mistaken. I ignored his attempts to reconnect and gazed at the others in the gently rocking boat.

Most of them looked familiar in that "I've seen you somewhere" sort of vibe, but I couldn't picture where. That was what I got for not keeping up with current reality TV, I supposed. Last season had soured me on future shows. There was a tall, dark haired guy seated next to me and I glanced over at him reflexively.

He smiled.

I smiled back, and then flinched. Oh shit. Was that going to be read by the cameras as flirting the moment we were heading toward the island? I panicked, my gaze skittering back to the cameraman filming at the prow of the boat. Sure enough, he'd panned in my direction. Hell. Was I going to have to avoid every single guy on the island in order to ensure that I wasn't painted as the Island Whore again?

I supposed I could go for an all-girl alliance, maybe. I'd need allies. That was rule one of Endurance Island: team up and take out the competition. At least until you got to the end. Then it was every man - or woman - for themselves.

Still, I was skittish after my heinous editing from last time. I'd have to play it careful. I raised a hand to my eyes to shield them from the sun and skimmed the rest of the group, carefully keeping my gaze off of Hunky McHunkerton.

There were three people from my season that I could tell. Other than Kip and myself, I recognized Leslie and Emilio further down on the boat. They were seated next to each other, and to me, that was a bad sign. Leslie and Emilio had started out on the same team last time and had more or less bullied the others and ran the show. They'd been picked off at the merge, but to see them together again meant that they were probably going to try and pull the same sort of tactic. It was bad news for anyone against them.

But it was good news for me. I could always team up with them, I supposed. Emilio was g*y and Leslie already had a husband, so it wasn't like they'd be seen as potential romances for me. I filed that in the back of my mind. Near them, a guy and a girl sat, holding hands, their fingers interlocked. The girl had a short, Miley Cyrus-esque buzz cut for her brown hair, and the blond guy she was holding hands with seemed super confident. They looked familiar, too, but the way they were gazing avidly at the island, I guessed they were from a different reality TV show. Next to the guy at my side, there was a gorgeous redhead that I did recognize, but from gossip magazines. Sunnie someone or other, a woman who was famous simply for being famous. There was one of those on every TV channel lately, but I remembered Sunnie had been on a season of House Guests recently. That meant that the others seated near her were probably from the same show, if they'd pulled four from my season. I wondered at the others. Were they from similar shows or something else? There were two athletic girls dressed in matching jogging suits that I probably should have recognized.

Not for the first time, I wondered where our clothing was. In every other season of Endurance Island, each person was assigned a color - I'd been yellow - and your name was plastered across your chest and back so the audience would have an easy time remembering who you were. Now we were heading to the island, and there was still no bag of gear. Maybe it'd be part of the first challenge, and I grimaced at the thought of having to fight for my own clothing.

Then again, they did say that this season would be a tough one. I was starting to wonder what I'd gotten myself into.

Then I looked over at Kip's smug face and decided that the opportunity to knock him down a peg would be worth it. After all, my reputation couldn't get any worse if I added 'villain' to my resume, could it?

The boat bobbed its way to the shore, eerily silent. It felt like we were waiting for something, but what? I gazed at the other contestants. They wore the same tense, anticipatory look that indicated we were all waiting for some big reveal.

Then, a motorboat started.

I jumped; someone across from me did, too. We'd been so on edge that the sound had caught us off guard. It wasn't our boat, either; the sound of the motor came from the distance. And even though we weren't supposed to speak, someone near me snorted with derision.

Ah yes, I knew who this drama llama was.

A fancy red speedboat came into view, a solitary man in khaki at the helm. Even though it was a windy day, his perfectly hairspray-shellacked brown hair didn't move an inch. From a distance, I could see his pearly white smile gleaming against his tan.

Chip Brubaker, the host of Endurance Island.

He pulled the speedboat up alongside our wooden boat in a dramatic fashion, and the cameras turned to him. Every season, Chip had a big entrance. Endurance Island had made him an even bigger star than any contestant, and he milked it for all it was worth.

Chip pulled his boat alongside ours, and I saw people lean forward, waiting for the go.

"MAKEUP," Chip yelled, waving an arm frantically. "Where's makeup? We need to reshoot my entrance. My hair's a f**king disaster."

Cameramen sprang into action. I blinked as cameras went down and someone pulled out a radio. "We need makeup for Chip," a man murmured into his walkie-talkie and then clicked it off.

Sure enough, another speedboat started in the distance and pulled up alongside Chip's as a woman climbed on board. She began to dab Chip's face with powder and then combed his stiff locks.

Next to me, the sexy guy crossed his arms, his entire pose screaming you've got to be kidding me. I felt the same way. Here we were, baking in the sun and thirsty, and Chip wanted his helmet of hair fixed. But we were stuck. I knew from my experience last season that everything waited on Chip, and Chip knew it.

Eventually, Chip's hair was refreshed, and he sped away, only to drive up again a minute later so the camera-crew could film it anew. This time, he gave the camera a beaming smile, ignoring us.

"On this season's Endurance Island, our players are returning for a second chance to show their stuff in the most wild, most difficult season we've put together. In a game full of twists and turns, this year will be even more outrageous and more challenging than ever before. Competing for the million dollar prize and a chance to call themselves the winner are sixteen former contestants from a variety of shows. From winners to losers, sex kittens -"

I cringed at that.

"-to good ol' boys, everyone coming to the island has one mission - beat everyone else. They'll be here for six weeks, through rain and sun, living on the beaches and foraging for food and shelter between competitions. They'll have to keep on their toes if they want to keep one step ahead of the other contestants, because this year's Endurance Island is full of twists...and we're starting with two big ones." Chip raised two big fingers into the air, gesturing for the camera.

Across from me, the girl with the Miley Cyrus hair fidgeted so hard she was about to shake the boat. The guy at her side squeezed her hand again and she calmed a little. I knew how she felt. If my hair wasn't tucked into a bun atop my head, I'd be chewing on the ends nervously. As it was, my fingers twitched with the need to grab my hair as an outlet. What were the two big twists? Now I was leaning forward, because I didn't want to miss a word.

No one breathed. No one talked. Everyone was on edge, waiting.

The dramatic pause continued. Chip gazed at us, and then nodded to the cameras. "Let's go to the beach for this next shot, I think. It'll be better for the show."

"Sounds good," one of the cameramen said, and somewhere on our boat, a motor started. We headed to shore, puttering along over the choppy waves. I swallowed the annoyed groan in my throat. This was all part of the show. Chip knew how to keep an audience hanging, damn the man. Even if the audience was us.

By the time we hit the shore, we were all jittery with anticipation. Production instructed us to line up on the beach, and I found myself standing next to Kip again. Ugh. The producers sure were going to play up our prior connections, weren't they? I crossed my arms over my chest protectively and kept my gaze fixed on the host.

Cameramen swarmed the beach like flies, seemingly everywhere. Chip had makeup fix his hair one more time, and then approached a long line of multicolored boxes nestled in the sand on the beach. From here, I could see names written on each one. Sure enough, there was a yellow box with 'Annabelle' written on it.

Well, that answered the 'gear' question that had been looming in my mind.

"As you know," Chip boomed, his voice cutting across the beach and catching the attention of everyone. "On previous seasons of Endurance Island, contestants were given an option to pick one luxury item from the supplies provided. This, in addition to their standardized bag of gear, was all that our players were allowed to bring for their six weeks on the island. This time, however, we're doing things a little differently." His smile grew, as if he had a secret he was sharing with the imaginary audience. "All you can have for this round on the island is what is in this box." He patted the one closest to him.

I studied the row of boxes. Each one was a different color with each contestant's name. Each one was about a foot high and a foot wide, and all were of a uniform size. I tried to imagine what was inside. Rice? A tarp? Would we all have the same thing or would they be random items?

Chip stepped away from the boxes. "But we're not getting to those just yet. First, I'm going to tell you a bit more about how the game will be run this time."

Here we go. I tensed, straining to listen.

"We have sixteen players and eight camps. You'll be divided into teams of two and will be partnered up on individual beaches."

My heart sank. Last season they'd done two big teams, but I remembered a prior season where things had been boy-girl and there had been a lot of boy-girl hooking up. This wouldn't work well for my girls' alliance plan.

"Every three days, we will go to Judgment. The two teams that are in last place in the competition will be nominated for Judgment by their peers. Teams will vote for one pair of contestants to go home. Except this year...there's a twist. The losing team of two will then compete against each other to see who stays and who goes home."

Now...that was interesting. So if my partner and I lost, I still had a chance to stay in the game by beating him at the Judgment challenge.

"In addition to the Judgment twist, we also have something called Pandora's Box." Chip paused dramatically to let that sink in. "Somewhere on the island, Pandora's Box will be hidden. It might be in a tree, underwater, or buried. You'll just have to look for it. As for what's in it...who knows? It might be something good or something bad. You'll just have to wait and see."

With that said, Chip sliced his hand across his neck in a 'cut film' motion. "Let's pause for now and move everyone into their teams."

Obediently, cameras went down and a production assistant stepped forward with a clipboard. "Okay! We're going to call out names and when we do, I need you to go stand next to your partner over there." She pointed at the beach just as another assistant drew an X in the sand. "Teams are not negotiable. We ready?" Without waiting for an answer, she flipped a page on her clipboard and put her glasses on. "Team one - Kandis and Brodie from House Guests."

Someone clapped awkwardly, and others followed suit. I did the same, feeling a little stupid. I mean, it wasn't a reward to get a teammate, right? But acknowledging it felt better than standing there and doing nothing.

The couple that had been holding hands on the boat moved forward, beaming up at each other. They were sickeningly cute together, and I hoped that they'd be crappy players so they'd get the boot faster. The problem with lovey-dovey couples was that they were intensely loyal right until the end. There was no maneuvering for their votes. After all, everyone had tried to get me to turn on Kip and I'd been dickmatized up until the very end.

"Team two - Jendan and Sunnie from House Guests!"

I clapped politely again as tall, dark and sexy that had been standing next to me strode forward and gave a comfortable hug to the pretty redhead. It figured that the hottest guy on the island would be paired up with the prettiest girl. I sighed inwardly. The good ones were always taken.

I was a little concerned as they fist-bumped and stood in place next to each other. They didn't look surprised to be teaming together. Had they been warned ahead of time that they would be teamed up? Did everyone have a pre-set team but me because I was a late arrival? I glanced awkwardly down the line, wondering who I'd be paired up with.

At my side, Kip wiggled his eyebrows in my direction.

I delicately turned away, feigning interest as the production assistant flipped another page on her clipboard. "Team Three - our girls team, Summer and Polly, from The World Races."

The two women in matching athletic gear - and okay, matching ponytails - bounded forward and took their places on the beach next to the other couples.

"Team Four - also from The World Races, Kissy and Rusty."

An older couple with matching graying mullets moved forward. In contrast to everyone else that was lining up on the beach, they weren't in great shape. Kissy (who I assumed was the woman) was dumpy and Rusty had a bit of a gut, but they were smiling and looked thrilled to be on the show. That made me warm up to them a little. They seemed nice and genuinely pleased to be participating.

"Team Five - Jerry and Saul from our first season of Endurance Island!"

I recognized the two guys. Big, meaty firemen. They were both slightly older than the rest of us, being in their early forties, but were in great shape. They'd also played a mean-ass game and stomped the competition. I was actually surprised to see them, since I'd heard their mean-spirited play had soured a lot of viewers on the show and only the big romance in the second season with Abby and Dean had turned the ratings around.

"Team Six - Alys and Christopher from Endurance Island season two!"

Not the lovebirds I'd remembered from that season, but solid competitors. I was also starting to get really uncomfortable as the line of contestants narrowed down. There were four people left standing, and they were all from my season. Last season. Myself, Kip, Leslie, and Emilio. Leslie was an older woman with a salty mouth and a sour attitude. Emilio was as sweet and personable as Leslie was rotten. They'd been an odd couple to become friends, but last season, they'd been incredibly tight and had a secret alliance together. I'd been surprised to watch, every week, as they made decision after decision together in private while keeping their distance in public.

Did that mean I was going to be teamed up with Emilio, then? I liked Emilio - he was strong and athletic, and a super-fast swimmer. I would be totally fine with being Emilio's partner. But something about that struck me as odd. Why would the producers separate the two of them?

That only left Kip as a partner for me...but surely not...

"Team Seven - Emilio and Leslie!"

And there was my answer. The producers wouldn't separate them, which meant that I was Kip's partner. We were team eight.

I'd been lied to.

Chapter Three

"I felt sorry for Annabelle with that whole beach scene. Cute girl, seems strong. Sunnie's a sweetheart, but she'd rather lay around on the beach and work on her tan than figure out how to win this thing." - Jendan, Endurance Island: Power Players, Day 1 Confessional

"Absolutely not," I yelled out, striding forward even though my name wasn't called.

"Please be quiet-" Chip began as the production assistant looked up from her clipboard and frowned in my direction.

"No way," I said, my angry footsteps spraying sand as I marched over to Chip and the woman in charge. "It's in my contract that Kip and I are supposed to be on different teams."

"I can assure you that it's not in your contract," the production assistant said with a sniff. "Teams were outlined with legal yesterday."

"Yes, but the casting director promised me..." My voice trailed off at their expressions.

A smirk crossed the production assistant's face and was echoed on Chip's. "The casting director, huh? She has no say over who is teamed up with who," the production assistant told me. "If she did, it would have been in your contract. Did you read through all of your contract?"

I blinked for a moment, stunned at her nasty expression. I hadn't combed through the contract word by word. I'd just assumed...

Damn it. Gullible Annabelle strikes again. You know what they say about assuming. I really was my own worst enemy, wasn't I? "I don't know if it is or not."

"It's not," she informed me in a snide voice. "Please go take your spot. As I said, teams are not negotiable."

"I refuse to be on Kip's team," I said through gritted teeth. I should have felt betrayed by the casting director, but all I really felt was embarrassed. It was my own fault that I hadn't read the documents thoroughly enough.

"Are you forfeiting?" The production assistant asked.

"What happens if I forfeit?"

"We have to find another contestant and you'll be charged for each late day of shooting."

Uh. "How much does each day of shooting cost?"

"A couple hundred grand." She smiled tightly. "It's all outlined in your contract."

Hell. I looked over at Kip.

He smirked.

I wanted to punch his face. I was stuck, and it was my own fault. I didn't know what to do. I didn't know what I could do. If I walked, I'd be stuck with who only knew how much money in debt. I didn't want to stay, but it wasn't sounding like I had a choice.

"Don't forget about the twist," Chip said in his fake announcer voice. "You're teamed up, but you're still competing against each other."

Oh yes. Pandora's Box and the post-Judgment competition. Maybe we'd get lucky and lose the first round and I could beat Kip in a challenge. Maybe.

I hesitated, then moved over to the line and stood next to Kip, my hands clenched with helpless fury. I'd endure, if only for the chance to vote Kip's ass off.

"Good," Chip said, smiling over at me as if I'd made the right choice. "It looks like our lineup is going to stick. This is going to be a great season, guys."

I looked over at my partner, then down the line at the others who were starting with a buddy already. I wasn't so sure about that whole 'good season' thing. It was clear I was going to be flying solo on an island of two-man alliances.

"Ready? Let's start filming again." Chip made a motion with his hand and all cameras lifted. The game was officially back on again. As we waited, one cameraman panned his camera wide, getting a shot of us, lined up on the beach. "Ready for the next twist?"

A cheer rose from the contestants, some more enthusiastic than others. I clapped halfheartedly, my joy for the day already gone. If they'd lied about Kip, had they lied about the fifty grand, too? Ugh. Had I fallen for a con hook, line, and sinker? I hadn't even questioned it - I'd just assumed everyone was telling me the truth.

Again.

God.

"All right, guys," Chip's voice interrupted my self-loathing. "As I said before, everything you're starting the game with is in that box right here." He gestured at the row of colorful boxes lined up at his feet, each one no taller than his knee. "You're not even allowed the clothes on your back. At the signal, find your box with your name and change into your gear. Once you have your gear, the game starts. This is your first challenge."

I shivered. The game was beginning already. I was ready for this, though. All weekend, I'd brushed up on my skills that I'd learned from my last round on the island. I could make a decent fire with coconut fluff if given time and supplies. I was flexible and in shape. I studied puzzles and the local flora and fauna on the flight out so I wouldn't be unawares. I was as ready as I could be.

"When I say go, you will change into your playing gear. Once you are changed, take your box and haul it across that line on the far side of the beach." He pointed into the distance, and I could see a row of cameramen lined up next to a finish line with tiny waving flags. It was about a hundred yards away. Not a fun sprint, but a do-able one.

"The last team to change out of their clothing and into their Endurance Island gear will not be nominated for Judgment - they will be eliminated. Today is your first day in the game...and it will be the last for two players. This is immunity, Judgment, and execution all in one swoop."

As a one, contestants started to cast confused looks at each other. We were all thinking the same thing - we were going to have to change clothes on the beach? In front of each other? Really? What the heck was up with that? This was national television, not cable, so I knew that any boobs or balls would be pixelated out, but I wasn't relishing the thought of getting na**d in front of anyone, much less fifteen other someones...

And an entire camera crew watching, to boot.

Okay. I told myself I could do this. I studied the box, thinking. Inside, there would probably be a team shirt designation or something along those lines. Maybe a slip dress. I could probably wiggle into something without flashing my boobs to the world.

"Everyone ready?" Chip raised his hand, a gleeful look on his face. He quickly lowered it. "Go!"

There was no time to think. Everyone hauled ass forward, sand spraying as sixteen pairs of feet ran toward the row of boxes across the beach. The wind whipped strands of hair into my eyes and Kip quickly shoved ahead of me. I slowed momentarily, letting the stampeding rush of bodies swarm ahead. It wouldn't do me any good to push ahead of Kip only to be slammed to the ground by a rogue elbow. I trotted as close behind the others as I dared, and reached the colored boxes a few steps after the others.

My hands landed on my box the moment the first gasp of shock went up.

That made me jerk upright. I looked away from my box as I pulled off the lid, staring down at the line.

A woman was holding up a pair of sneakers and waving them in the air. "This is all that's in my box!" Others were pulling off their lids and murmuring as well. No one sounded happy. For that matter, no one sounded like they knew what to do.

Others held up their items - no one had anything but shoes.

I tossed the lid of my yellow box aside. Sure enough, there was a pair of dainty yellow and white sneakers laid neatly inside my box. That was it. I picked them up and shook them out, in case there was a clue of some kind to where the rest of my gear might be hidden.

"I don't understand," Kip said. "No one has anything but shoes."

"That's right," Chip boomed from nearby. "For this season of Endurance Island, you'll be playing stripped of every luxury. And that includes clothing."

"You mean we'll be playing naked?" Someone screeched further down the line. Probably Leslie.

"That's right," Chip said, sounding triumphant. "And as a reminder, the last team to change into their gear will be completely eliminated."

As in, the last person to strip down to their birthday suit would cause their team to get the axe. If we didn't want to get naked, they didn't want us on the show.

In horror, I looked over at Kip. If he wasn't going to get naked, I sure as shit wasn't. But Kip pulled his shirt over his head even as I watched, flexing a tanned abdomen.

I should have guessed.

I supposed this was my chance. I could back out without penalty and screw over Kip's game if I didn't get naked. This was what I wanted, right? Off the island, prize money in hand, underpants firmly in place?

And then the world would still think I was a slut. And in addition to being a slut, I'd be a quitter.

Grimly, I tugged at the neck of my shirt.

Chapter Four

"I'm a stunt man. I've even been stunt buns once or twice when it was needed in an action scene. I live and work in Hollywood, which is a pretty shameless town. But I'll be the first one to say that there were entirely too many franks and beans on that beach." - Jendan, Day 1, Endurance Island: Power Players

"Come on, Annabelle," Kip said, sounding irritated with me even as he dropped his shorts to the ground. "Hurry the f**k up."

My resolve to strip and show the world that I was a force to be reckoned with fizzled under Kip's heated words. So he didn't want to lose, did he? I eased my grip on my shirt, knowing that the sweetest revenge at the moment would be to undress as slowly as possible, and I was a bitter enough betty to do it.

So I took my sweet-ass time, pretending to hesitate while people around me hurriedly stripped. I watched them out of the corner of my eye. Kip, I'd seen na**d before. But everyone else was removing clothing so fast that I wondered if they'd even thought about it.

Well, everyone except for the girl with the short hair who'd been so lovey-dovey on her boyfriend. He was looking at the girl, and she had her arms crossed over her chest, a mutinous look on her face. All her clothing was still on.

Apparently I had competition for being the slowest person to undress on the island.

Kip looked over and noticed that I hadn't removed a stitch of clothing, even as he slid on his shoes. "What are you doing, Annabelle? Come on! It's a f**king race!"

I was well aware of that. It was a race I was going to throw deliberately unless he stopped being such a douche. After all, I certainly did not want to be na**d on national TV. It wasn't exactly going to help with my 'Reality TV slut' reputation. "Did you ever stop to think that maybe I don't want to play naked? I certainly don't want to play with you!"

Someone raced past, raining sand onto me as he ran buck-naked for the finish line. Others followed him, and the beach was nothing but na**d body parts and colored boxes.

Kip hopped up, shoes tied, and grabbed his box. He looked as if he'd wanted to run after the others, but hesitated again. "Come on, Annabelle, please. I really want to play."

I pretended to consider it, toying with the hem of my shirt. "I want an apology first."

He looked confused. "For what? Not calling you after we hooked up? I thought it was just an island thing--"

"Not for that," I hissed, looking around to see if a camera had captured that. Sure enough, there was a guy with a camera not three feet away, filming in our direction. Dammit. They'd heard everything. "I want you to apologize for the way you made me look last time."

He blinked. "Like a hot babe?"

"Like an idiot!" God, I was tempted to rip my shirt off and strangle him with it. "You totally played me."

"It was just a game. Damn. How was I supposed to know you were making all those lovesick confessions to the camera?"

My cheeks flushed red. He had a point. "You know what? Forget it." I shrugged and dropped my hands. "I don't think I want to play after all."

"Annabelle, please," Kip begged. He dropped to his knees dramatically in the sand and put his hands under his chin in a mimic of prayer. "Please. You know we can go really far if we work together."

That was the thing. I didn't want to work with him. I glanced around.

The girl with the short Miley-hair still had her arms crossed over her chest, looking furious. "Absolutely not, Brodie," she told her partner. "If I wouldn't do it on TV last time, I won't do it this time."

"It's just skin, baby," he told her, rubbing her shoulders. "It's no big deal."

"It's a big deal to me," she said, and looked on the verge of tears. "Except this is worse than last time, and you know it."

"Hey, hey," the guy named Brodie said gently. He went to the girl's front and cupped her face. "I don't want to play if you don't want to play either, Kandis, baby." He leaned in and gave her a sweet kiss on the mouth. "We have our money. We can just go home if that's what you want to do."

"I don't know what I want to do," she said miserably, watching as Kissy and Rusty - the older rednecks - limped across the finish line with their colorful boxes. Cellulite and flab was bouncing as they trotted, but I had to give them credit. They'd bared all and given it the old college try. Then, Kandis looked over at me, and the look in her eyes was sharp. "Are you not undressing either?"

"I'm still deciding," I said uneasily. "What happens if neither of us undresses?"

"Then you're both out," Chip said, "And we'll team your men together."

Kip brightened. "So I get to stay?"

Brodie looked hesitant. He looked over at partner. "I don't want to play without her."

Kandis shook her head, wiping her tears. "You might be better off without me."

So...wait.

If I refused to undress, Kip still got to play and I'd be sent packing? I'd be double screwed and Kip could still win the money? On what planet was this a good idea?

I watched the two men consider, and then I spurred into action, ripping my shirt off over my head.

Over at the finish line, someone cheered. "You can do it," a voice hollered in my direction. Surprised, I turned to gaze down the beach. It was Hunky McHunkerton that had sat next to me on the boat ride over. My cheeks flushed as others began to cat-call in an encouraging way. Hunk clapped encouragingly, not trying to make the process gross at all.

Just...encouraging.

That was rather nice.

I stared directly at the three people left and dropped my shorts, revealing bright green lacy panties that matched my bra. God, I wished I'd brought something a little more conservative. I'd wanted to feel empowered, though, so I'd gone all in when it came to my clothing, including sexy panties. At least they weren't period panties, I told myself, and sucked in a breath as I reached for my bra.

"Hurry up," Kip encouraged me.

But I froze. Everyone was staring at me. Before, they'd all undressed at once so it was no big deal. Now that they were all na**d and I was the only one waiting to undress? All eyes were turned to me. I hesitated, staring around me. Was this a mistake?

"Come on, girl," Emilio shouted. "Shake your money-makers!"

A laugh rose up from the other contestants, and they began to holler and cheer louder. For some reason, it broke the awkwardness of things and I unclasped my bra and raised it into the air, twirling it like a lasso. More cheers erupted, and even uptight Kandis gave a little laugh. I flung it to the ground and then reached for my panties. Sucking in a deep breath, I closed my eyes and wrenched them to the ground.

And then it was done. Amid whoops and cheers, I stepped out of my sandals and my panties and was na**d on the beach. I took the shoes Kip shoved into my hands, stuck them on my feet, grabbed my box, and hauled my way to the finish line, Kip a few leaps ahead of me. My face burned with humiliation, and I tried to walk as smoothly as possible so my boobs (and any other jiggly parts) wouldn't bounce too much. Despite all the nudity around me, I kept my gaze firmly locked on the ground.

When I crossed the finish line, I dropped my box and exhaled heavily. I'd done it. For better or for worse, I was going to be in the na**d edition of Endurance Island.

Kip immediately grabbed me into a bear hug. "You are awesome, Annabelle-"

I gave a squeal of dismay and wriggled out of his arms. "Don't touch me! I'm naked, for Pete's sake!"

He gave me a wounded look as I pushed him away, as if I'd hurt his feelings.

Irritated, I crossed my arms over my br**sts protectively (there was nothing to be done for my poor bare lady parts below, but at least they'd been waxed - another Endurance Island grooming must).

Kandis and Brodie, still clothed, stood on the far end of the beach. Kandis had a pretty upset look on her face, but Brodie put a hand on the back of her neck and pulled her against him into a hug. "It's okay, baby," he told her. "I'm not upset at all."

"I know you wanted to play," she told him, and I could hear the tears in her voice.

"Naw. I wanted to play with you. Now we'll just go home and play with our million we already have." He winked at us.

Chip approached them, shaking his head. "Two of our strongest returning players...going out on day one. Kandis? What is it about this challenge that made you plant your feet?"

She pulled out of Brodie's arms and gave Chip a tiny, helpless shrug. "I don't know. There's something about getting na**d on national television...I don't like the vulnerability of it. And I wouldn't do it on House Guests for a million dollars, so I'd kind of be a jackass if I did it now for a one-in-sixteen chance for a million."

Brodie squeezed her shoulder. "You can only do what feels right to you, babe."

"And would you have stripped down, Brodie?" Chip asked, turning his attention to her male partner.

Brodie gave him a winning smile. "Hell yeah. Did it once. I'd do it again." He winked at Kandis. "Sides, everyone knows I'm a shower, not a grower."

Kandis rolled her eyes but hugged him anyhow, her arms going around his waist.

Chip looked at each one of them. "Well, Kandis and Brodie, you two are our first eliminations in the game."

They nodded, Kandis still looking a bit teary and disappointed, Brodie stoic.

The host turned away from them and back to us. "Everyone else, look on the lids of your box. You'll see a map to take you to your camp. The game has started. Good luck to you all."

People paired up and began to separate, studying their boxes and chatting in low voices. I squatted carefully, keeping my legs together (because modesty) and scooped up the yellow box lid. There was a faint map stamped on the inside, along with a laundry list of instructions of how many steps to take and which direction to head.

An arm went around my shoulders. "Looks like it's just you and me for the next few weeks, Annabelle." Kip looked over my body. "Can't say I'm hating this new twist."

Ugh. I shoved his arm off. "Let's just get going, all right?"

Chapter Five

"So...I didn't see that coming." - Jendan Abercrombie, Day 1, Endurance Island: Power Players

The 'walk' to our camp wasn't exactly all walking. Our instructions had us go to the far end of one beach and hop on a motorboat, which took us to a different island. I knew that when the show aired, they would make it look as if we were all just on one big jungle-covered island, but the reality was never quite the same. If it was anything like last time, we'd have a small strip of beach to call our own, and production would just shuttle us back and forth to challenge sites via boat.

Once the boat dropped us at the beach, we followed the rest of the instructions to a small cove with a tiny, waving yellow flag that read KIP and ANNABELLE. Another long, flat box sat at the base of the flag.

I marched up to our 'camp' and eyed the beach grumpily. My mood sucked. I was pretty sure my girly bits were sunburned and I had sand in inappropriate areas. I was sweaty, windblown, tired, and pissy because I was na**d and with Kip. It was like a double whammy...and yet I was still so competitive that instead of bailing out of the game and saving my dignity, I'd stripped down.

The beach was pretty at least. The sand was white and clean, blue waves lapping and curling on the shore. There was a nice strip of beach, and a short walk from the water, palm trees and bushes grew in thick abandon. I looked up and squinted. Not a cloud in the sky.

Not a shelter in sight, either.

I glanced around and saw a cameraman following us up the beach, his clothing neutral, and his manner silent. It was a little unnerving to see that camera so close nearby, but I knew from experience that in a day or two, I wouldn't even notice they were around. It was funny how quickly you forgot you were being filmed, despite the ever-present lens in your face.

Kip's box was tossed to the sand and a hand went to my waist. Jeez, again with this? "Home sweet home."

I sidled out of his arms, my annoyance going sky high. "Are you going to keep doing that?"

He looked confused. "Doing what?"

"Grabbing me. Touching me. Acting like you own me."

"I'm just being friendly." He looked shocked that I was being so bitchy. "We're going to be on this beach together, alone. Might as well try and enjoy ourselves."

And his gaze dropped to my tits.

I could guess what his idea of 'enjoying ourselves' was, and it infuriated me. "Oh, is that so?" I looked down and sure enough, Kip had a boner. Seriously? On day one on the island, he was expecting to get it on with me? "You're kidding, right?"

Now he started to look annoyed, his handsome features contorting into a petulant expression. "What's your problem, Annabelle?"

"My problem is that I didn't want to be here with you specifically," I snapped at him. "I asked for it to be in my contract that I be on another team. I'd rather be here with anyone but you, and now it turns out that I have to spend the next six weeks having you leer at my tits. Gee, I can't imagine why I'm upset."

He looked shocked. "Why the hell are you so against me?"

"Are you freaking kidding me, Kip?" I stared at him, amazed that he was that dense. "Remember last time?"

"I thought we had a good time last time."

I rolled my eyes. He would think that, wouldn't he? "You played me like I was an idiot."

He shrugged. "It was all part of the game. I thought you knew that."

"And afterwards? When you had the gall to sleep with me after mocking me for the entire game behind my back?"

The look in his eyes grew defensive. "You seemed like you had a good time."

"That's because I didn't know how much of a dick you were," I hissed. "And now that I do, you're the last man here I'd want to f**k."

His expression grew sulky again, and I watched his boner visibly deflate. "You'd be lucky to get me. You're no prize."

I knew I wasn't. I had nice eyes in an average face, a flat butt, and thighs that probably would look best after day thirty on the island. Really, the only thing I had going for me was my boobs, which I was rather proud of. But for him to point out that I wasn't the hottest girl on the island? "That is not the attitude that is going to get you laid, Kip."

"Doesn't sound like I'm getting laid anyhow," he said in a snide voice. "You were a shitty f**k anyway."

"So shitty you clearly wanted to hit it again?" I asked sarcastically. "Forgive me if I don't believe you. Also, grow up."

"Fuck you," he said, waving me away. "I'm going to go swim for a bit and try to enjoy my time on the island."

I gaped. "You're going to go swim? Right now?"

"Yup," he called back at me, heading down to the water, his butt flexing as he strode.

"We don't even have anything set up in camp! No water, no food, no shelter!"

"I'll find my own," he told me, still heading to the water. "Now leave me alone."

Unreal. I watched him wade into the waves, astonished. Didn't he care about surviving? We had no clothing, and if it got cold tonight - and it would - we'd be freezing our butts off. I'd just have to make my own bed...

And I knew what would happen if I did. He'd steal it for himself . I scowled at his form. So I was screwed. I could make no shelter and freeze, or I could make shelter knowing it was going to end up being for both of us. Lovely. I suspected Kip knew that, too. After all, if I made a fire, I couldn't chase him away from it, could I?

Frustrated, I turned back to the flag and the box that had been left for us. Why, oh why had I stripped on the beach? It must have been temporary insanity. Or the need to impress that hot guy that had sat next to me on the boat ride. I tried to remember his name. Jordan? Jason?

Not that it mattered. I wasn't here to hook up. Still, his encouragement on the beach had warmed me. If nothing else, he might end up as a friend or an ally.

I could sure use one right about now.

With a sigh, I pulled open the box to see what we'd have to live with for the next six weeks. Probably a stack of tampons and a "LOL GOOD LUCK" sign with the way my day had been going. The lid of the box was heavy, solid wood, and I put it aside carefully. The box was about three feet long and not very deep, but three feet of solid wood meant a decent place to sleep or even lay. Sand would be softer, but I didn't want sand in my unmentionable places when I woke up, and given that we didn't have blankets or underwear or anything, that seemed like a likely scenario.

Inside the box, a small packet of grease pencils was laid atop everything else. A tiny card rested on them that read "Have your partner write your name on your back. Please make sure you are labeled at all times." I glanced around, but Kip was nowhere to be found, so I tossed the pencils aside for now. Below the small package of pencils was a single machete, a cast-iron pot, and two canteens. I knew what that meant - giving us a pot meant we'd have to boil our water. Well, at least they weren't going to make us drink out of coconut shells. I supposed it could have been worse. I picked up a canteen and noticed that the beige band around the middle of the metal body was a note tied to it.

I glanced around for Kip. He was still in the water, floating on his back. Surreptitiously, I tugged the note off the canteen and glanced at it.

The note was written in a clear hand. Want a hint for Pandora's Box? Head for water and look for a forked tree. One foot down, there, Pandora's Box will be.

Oh shit.

I read the note again, trying to memorize it. Water. Forked tree. One foot down. I rolled the note up hastily when I heard Kip begin to splash around, and looked for a place to hide the note. Shit. There was nowhere but sand - too easily discovered - and I had no pockets. After a frantic moment, I shoved the note into the opening of my canteen. There was an identical note wrapped around the other canteen, and I grabbed it just as I heard another splash and Kip came trotting up on the shore.

He caught me red-handed, holding the other note. "What's that?"

"Oh. Um." I stared down at it in my hand, then back at him. I didn't even know what to say. I was a terrible liar in the best scenarios.

Kip, luckily, was so full of his own self-importance that he didn't even notice my lame attempt to find an excuse. He tossed back his flowing black hair and pulled the note from my hand. Mute, I let him take it and inwardly cringed as he studied it. After a moment, he said, "Looks like a map to the water well."

It was?

Frowning, I leaned over his shoulder to see, and ignored the fact that he adjusted his arm so it'd brush against my breast. Sure enough, there was a tiny map on his note with an X that had a water symbol next to it. "Oh," I said.

He snorted. "What did you think it'd be?"

I said nothing, not trusting my voice.

Kip eyed the canteen in my hand. "Were you going to go get water?"

"I...can, I suppose."

He handed his canteen to me. "Great. Could you get me some?"

I took it without a word of protest. "See if you can start a fire while I'm gone, okay?"

"Sure," he said, and turned back to the water, heading for the ocean again.

Yeah. I had a feeling I'd get back to camp and there'd be no fire. Whatever. I kept my steps calm as I took the tiny map in hand and began to follow the marked path labeled on it. Inwardly, my heart was hammering. Near water, it had said. Near water. That wasn't much of a clue, considering we were on an island surrounded by water...but the fact that it was tied to the canteen made me wonder if it was talking about the well instead. I'd start my search there. A forked tree shouldn't be that hard to find.

Excitement surged through me. Pandora's box! They sure were making it easy to find. A clue on day one, and an obvious one. It was evident that they wanted it to be found. Did that mean that there was something bad inside it?

Did I care? Not really. Things couldn't get much worse in my opinion.

~~ *** ~~

It took me a half hour to find the well, and it was no more than a rain-barrel dug into the ground and covered with a cutesy island-motif top. The lid had BOIL ME FIRST carved into it. I wondered, if there wasn't natural water on the island, how hard would it be to fill the barrel with drinking water instead of whatever this was? But I supposed boiling water was part of the Endurance Island challenge. Canteens filled, I slung them over my neck and started to look for a forked tree.

I searched for two hours, both near the well and as far as I dared wander. No forked tree. Dismayed, I buried the clue below a tree with spidery roots and headed back to the beach. I was tired, sunburned, and hungry, and I'd need to do something about shelter if I planned on sleeping tonight. The canteens now full of water I couldn't drink, I headed toward camp, hoping to be greeted by the smell of smoke from a nice fire.

No such luck. When I returned, Kip was laid out on the beach, soaking up the sun and enjoying himself. Nothing had been done at camp.

Gritting my teeth, I set to work. First, fire. Then, I could boil water. After that, I'd have to look for shelter of some kind. It was abundantly clear to me that one of us thought he was going to get by on charm alone. Come to think of it, he'd pulled the same stunt last time we'd played and I'd been too besotted to notice. Gullible, gullible Annabelle. Someday, you'd think I'd learn.

So I gathered brush for tinder and dug a fire pit in the sand and lined it with rocks. I gathered wood. By the time I had a decent stack of firewood, the sun was going down and I was too tired to work on the fire itself. We had no flint, so I'd have to make a fire by rubbing sticks together - good ol' friction. That required a lot more energy than I had at the moment.

With the last of my strength, I went to the edge of the beach and picked up a coconut. They were everywhere, luckily, but I knew that they wouldn't last. Still, it'd do for today. I'd gotten pretty good at cracking coconuts the last time I played, and I had it open with two well-placed swings. Coconut juice began to dribble onto the sand and I grabbed it and tipped it back to drink the sweet liquid.

"Hey, you going to save some of that for me?" Kip asked.

I paused in my drinking long enough to respond. "Nope." And I tipped the coconut back to get even more of the juice.

"Bitch."

I ignored him. I drank all of the coconut's juice - and it was a full one - and then cracked it open to eat the meat. I ate as Kip picked a coconut for himself and then proceeded to nearly chop his hand off trying to open it. I watched him, thinking that I should probably help him.

Instead, I ate another piece of coconut.

When I was done eating, I got up, rinsed my sticky hands in the ocean water, grabbed some palm leaves that were lying on the ground, found the box top, curled up, and tried to sleep.

My first night on Endurance Island. No shelter, no water, no fire, and no Pandora's Box. Kip as a partner.

Yep, things were going great.

Chapter Six

"Maybe I should have left her alone, but...I don't know. I saw that, and my head just about exploded. What kind of ass**le does that to someone? I had to fix it. So much for my 'No More Nice Guy' or even 'No Impulsive Moves to Endanger Your Game' strategies." - Jendan Abercrombie, Day 3, Endurance Island: Power Players

"We've been summoned," Kip said, waving a bamboo card in the air. There was a red box tucked under his arm that I didn't recognize.

"What's that?" I asked, throwing another log on the fire. Our canteens were dry and water needed to be boiled, and I couldn't count on Kip to lift a finger around camp.

"Tribal summons," he told me, giving me a dismissive look, as if I were stupid for asking. "It says 'Challenge today, don't be last place. Don't worry about speed, this isn't a race. You'll play for points, be the first team to three. You'll avoid Judgment...at least for another three.'" Kip wrinkled his nose. "I think they rhymed three with three."

"A challenge? What kind of challenge do you suppose it is?" I forgot about the fire and got to my feet, wincing as I did. Every inch of my skin was covered with a deep red sunburn. It really, really sucked, and it was painful every time anything touched it. Sand, a stiff breeze, water, you name it, it hurt like the dickens. The only thing that made my misery somewhat bearable was that Kip was worse off than me. His bu**ocks and groin were a flaming red that seemed brighter every time I saw it and he moaned about it constantly.

Which made him help me even less around camp, but my expectations were pretty much nil at this point.

"I wish this was a reward challenge," Kip said glumly. "For sunblock."

"Or shorts?"

"Yeah, that would be good, too." He studied me. "Your tits look like tomatoes."

Did the man think about anything other than my br**sts? This wasn't the first time I'd heard him comment on them, and it irritated me more each time. "Your dick looks like a peanut and your balls look like a pair of meatballs. Should we hit up any other food groups while we're at it?"

He looked shocked. "Not a banana?"

"Definitely not a banana," I said coolly, getting a tiny bit of pleasure at his scowl. Honestly, what had I ever seen in that man? I shook my head and pointed at my back. "Just grease pencil my name on me, will you? The boat's going to be here soon to take us to the challenge."

I put my hands on my h*ps and stood as Kip wrote on my back, taking an excessively long time and swirling the pencil around on my skin. We'd been chastised by production yesterday for not writing names big enough and bold enough, so now we just wrote on each other's backs. When Kip was done writing, he held the grease pencil out to me. I turned and obligingly wrote his name in big, bold letters across his back and then put the pencil back in the crate. In the distance, a boat motor roared. Since we were all stuck on different beaches, a boat would swing by to pick us up and take us to the challenge area. Kip and I headed toward the beach.

"So how come you're not as red as me on your snatch?"

I ignored him. First of all, I didn't want to talk about my 'snatch' with Kip, nor did I want to discuss it with a cameraman five feet away. More than that, I had a bit of a secret that I didn't intend on sharing. I'd found a small aloe vera plant a short distance away from the water and I'd been giddily putting it on my most sensitive areas that were causing me the most pain.

As in, my groin.

There wasn't enough to cover the rest of my body, so I was working on a solution - during the endless hours at camp, while Kip swam and whined about his sunburn, I stayed in the shade and worked on weaving fronds together. I'd made myself a rough mat and later I'd make a sun shade. Surprisingly, I wasn't feeling weird about being na**d anymore, so clothing was lower on the list than shelter.

Still, I was actively trying to stay out of the sun. Kip was like a turkey in a rainstorm - too stupid to come in for his own safety.

The boat pulled up into the water and someone waved us forward. I took off my sneakers and held them in my hand as we waded out to the boat and were helped in.

"Got your canteens?" a production crew member asked us. "You'll need them. Everyone needs to stay hydrated."

I patted my canteen, stuffed into one of my shoes. To my relief, Kip had remembered his as well. With our water supplies at hand, we were off to our first challenge.

The breeze on the water was cool, a fine mist splashing my overheated skin. I tilted my head back and enjoyed it, not even caring that I was buck na**d on a speedboat that carried five people - me, Kip, our cameraman, and two production crew. No matter how modest you were, when your entire body ached from sunburn, the last thing you wanted was to put a layer of clothing on it.

One of Endurance Island's rules was that there was no talking during transportation. If Kip and I wanted to talk to each other, we had to save it for when we landed. Not that this was a problem for me, of course. I enjoyed the silence and relaxed as we sped toward the challenge grounds.

The boat dropped us off a short time later and Kip and I (and our cameraman) headed toward the challenge beach, shoes in hand. As we got there, everyone else was already lined up, and I took a moment to study the others as we walked.

They looked just as rough as we did. Thank god for that. Everyone was striped bright red on portions of their skin. Everyone looked as exhausted and worn as I did, too. My guess was that they were sleeping about as well as we were, which meant not at all. It was hard to sleep when you were shivering and things kept crawling all over you. Oh, and no clothing. That didn't help things.

I felt uncomfortable as we walked up on the beach, all eyes on us. I thought of my bright red sunburned br**sts, my flat butt, and my thighs that jiggled too much. Ugh. Being na**d in front of strangers made you feel vulnerable in ways I'd never imagined.

Still, I couldn't help but gawk at the others. One woman had obviously fake br**sts. One had a tattoo in an embarrassing location. One was cringing, her hands cupped over her small br**sts. Kissy stood there, proud as could be, hands on hips, br**sts sagging with age and her stomach lined from pregnancies. If she could do it, I determined, I could do it. I walked a little straighter at the sight of her.

The men had looked uniformly strong and in shape while clothed (well, except Rusty). It was surprising to see all their flaws hanging out. Kip's legs looked birdy next to Emilio's strong thighs. One guy had balls that hung down low and uneven. One man was embarrassingly half-mast. I didn't know if he was excited because of the upcoming challenge or all the na**d bodies on the beach.

And tall, dark, and gorgeous that I'd sat next to on day one? He was perfection, in a rather large, rather impressive package. I tried not to stare as we moved down the line, but Jesus. That Sunnie chick was lucky. I'd trade her partner for Kip any day.

Cameras readied. I brushed the sand off of one foot at a time and put my shoes on. When I straightened, Chip was in place, his makeup so thick I could see it from where I stood. He checked his reflection in a hand-held mirror and then tucked it into his pocket, then studied us as we stood on the line. "How's everyone handling their time on the island? Got fire? Shelter?" He turned to the two athletic women, who were as stunningly, disgustingly flab-free. "Summer?"

"Shelter, but we're struggling with fire," she admitted, looking at her partner.

"What about you, Jendan?" He turned to Hotness.

Jendan. That was his name. I tasted it on my mouth, then shook my head at my own silliness. Not here to lust after guys. Not even if they were incredibly hot and incredibly, ahem, hung.

"Same," he said briefly, looking over at his partner. "We're not used to roughing it on an island."

"Some of our contestants are, though. Let's hear from a returning Endurance Island player," Chip said, his gaze scanning down the line until it rested on our team. "Kip, how are things at your camp?"

"They're great, Chip," Kip said easily. "Annabelle and I have things under control. Water. Shelter, you name it, we've got it."

I kept my mouth pressed shut, though I wanted to laugh hysterically at Kip's answer. What was the point in bluffing? To pretend that we were strong? The moment we fumbled in the challenge like the others, they'd know the truth - we were just as exhausted and hungry as the others.

Also, what was this 'we' crap? If there was any level of comfort around camp, it was because I'd been working my butt off while Kip lounged and moped about his sunburned dick.

"Well, with that, let's get to today's challenge." Chip clapped his hands together and rubbed them, as if anticipating an exciting show. "You're going to be participating in footraces against each other. Teams will be randomly selected, and when I say go, both teams will head out into the swimming area." He pointed at the beach behind him. "In the water are colored buoys. Under each buoy is a golden ring, tied to rope. There is only one ring and two teams competing for that ring. Your job is to find that ring and bring it back. If the other team has the ring, you need to get it from them. The first one to cross the finish line with the ring gets a point for their team. The last two teams to score three points will be nominated for Judgment."

I peered at the waves. Sure enough, there was a colored ball bobbing about halfway between the shore and the boats where the camera crews waited for the challenge.

"Everyone understand the rules?" At our silence, Chip pointed. "Good. I don't need to remind you about the physical rules of Endurance Island, then. No punching, hitting, kicking, drowning, eye-gouging, etc."

My eyes widened and I looked down the line. Last season, the challenges had been almost wimpy. We'd never had any sort of full-contact challenge. I was a little unnerved, considering I was one of the smaller, softer girls on the beach.

"Ready to play? Then, Team Three versus Team Seven. You're up."

Summer and Polly (their names written across their collarbones and shoulders) strode forward, high-fiving each other. Leslie and Emilio looked less certain as they moved forward, and I didn't blame them. Summer and Polly were clearly in amazing shape. I sure didn't want to go up against them. Both teams moved to the starting line and crouched, which gave those of us on the far end of the beach a display of four pairs of sun-reddened asses. Someone snickered.

"Go!" Chip yelled.

All four people raced forward, splashing into the challenge area. As I watched, Summer took an early lead, swimming out. Instead of chasing after her partner, Polly turned and tackled Emilio in the water, pushing him under. Leslie gave a bellow of anger, and instead of chasing after Summer, she tackled Polly, trying to pull her off of her partner. The three thrashed in the water, and as I watched, Summer easily swam out to the buoy, dove, came up with the Frisbee-sized ring, and began to splash her way back to shore. By the time Leslie realized that Polly was a distraction, it was too late. Summer was bounding onto shore, dripping wet, the ring held high.

"That was beautiful," Kip murmured. "Damn, she's hot. Serious spank material."

Ugh. "Down, boy," I told him. "You don't want wood in the challenge."

"I'm fine," he said, but then adjusted himself.

I rolled my eyes.

"Summer and Polly win," Chip declared, raising both hands in the air. One point for their team."

As the two teams headed back to the lineup, someone took the golden ring from Summer and handed it off to a man in scuba gear, who disappeared under the water in the roped-off challenge portion of the beach. A few moments later, he resurfaced and gave a thumbs up. The challenge was prepped again.

"Team Eight and Team Five."

Kip and I versus the male/male team of firefighters? I didn't like these odds. We stepped toward the starting line and I leaned toward Kip, whispering. "You distract them and I'll swim out, okay?"

My partner was many things, but stupid at competitions wasn't one of them. He nodded and hunched forward, readying himself.

I leaned forward too...and a wave of titters broke from the group behind us. Were they laughing at my flat butt? Humiliation burned, but there was nothing to be done. I ignored it and concentrated on the water, waiting for the go.

"Go!"

I dashed for the water as fast as I could, Kip at my side. If we could get to the water before the firefighters, we'd have a chance. They were both twice my size; I'd never win against either in a wrestling match...and I didn't particularly want to wrestle anyone while na**d and sunburned.

Even though we ran as fast as we could, we barely made it to the water a step ahead of the other team. I flung myself into the water, and when it was waist high, began to swim.

A hand caught my ankle, dragging me down. I kicked hard, and was quickly released, but another body surged ahead of me. I surfaced, caught a breath, and clawed at the water. Now one of the firefighters was ahead of me, and I grabbed one of his kicking legs, giving him the same treatment he gave me. His foot connected with my stomach and I gagged and hung on as he splashed and flailed against me.

Someone grabbed me from behind and dunked me, and again, I went under, water shooting up my nose. I struggled back to the surface, choking on salt-water and surrounded by clawing hands and feet. One hand accidentally touched my boob, and the firefighter - Saul? - gave an alarmed little shriek. "Sorry! Sorry!"

"Grab her," his partner said.

"I'm trying not to touch her in bad places," the other man said.

If I didn't have a lungful of water, I would have laughed at the dismay in his voice. Instead, I coughed and sputtered and continued to try and wrestle out of the grasp of both men as they tried to prevent me from heading toward the ring.

Someone splashed past, and I watched Jerry pull away, trying to grab someone running away with the golden ring. Kip! Yes! I wrapped my arms around Jerry, trying to prevent him from catching Kip, and while I held the two burly firefighters in place, my partner sprinted toward the finish line.

Chip raised his hands in the air. "Team eight wins a point!"

I released Jerry, coughing. Saul helped me to my feet and gave me an awkward pat on the back. "Sorry about that, honey. I wasn't trying to grab you. You're the same age as my daughter."

"It's okay," I wheezed, and gave him a smile. "It's all good."

Spitting water, I high-fived Kip - at least he was good for something - and put my hands on my knees, trying to catch my breath. My shoulders and back burned where I'd been grabbed by the others, but I was feeling strong. One point down.

Kissy and Rusty were up next, against Sunnie and Jendan. I thought that Jendan and Sunnie would blow them out of the water, but it turned out that Sunnie wasn't much of a competitor. She pranced into the water and when Jendan was tackled. Kissy grabbed Sunnie and pulled her under the water. She sprang up, coughing, and then flailed while Jendan tried to get out from Rusty's clinging hands. The two rednecks won, and athletic Jendan looked annoyed while his partner tried to finger comb her hair into neatness.

Alys and Chris were the last team to go, and the rotation started again. They were paired up against the firefighters, and then one by one, each team was called up for a second round.

When it was time for Kip and I to go, I was pleased to see that we were paired against Sunnie and Jendan. "We've gotta keep the big guy distracted," I murmured to Kip. "She's not a threat."

"Ok," Kip said. "I'll go for her, you go for him."

"Wait, me? Why me?" How on earth was I supposed to keep a guy like that busy?

"Ready," Chip called before Kip could answer. "And...go!"

We took off, heading for the water. We made it in advance of Sunnie and Jendan, who seemed to be holding back. That struck me as odd, but I dove for the buoy...

Only to be tackled and sent underwater. The big guy had found me. His big hands hauled me backward and one rubbed hard down my back. It dragged against my sunburn, and my screech of protest was muffled by the water. I pushed myself to the surface, grabbing at one of his legs and trying to dump him backward. I'd swam with rough cousins as a kid and knew how to pick a fight in a pool, at least. This wasn't much different.

But Jendan's size gave him the advantage. He grabbed me by the torso and pushed me down into the water again. Again, his hand went down my back, rubbing.

When I came up for air again, sputtering, his big arm wrapped around my shoulders and he pinned me in the water and then sank down, pulling both of us in to our chins.

"Your back," he murmured in my ear. "I'm trying to clean it off."

"What?" Disoriented, I looked around. Sunnie was flailing near the buoy and Kip's feet disappeared into the water, my partner diving down to get the ring.

"He wrote something on your back," Jendan said in my ear, and rubbed my back again under the water. "I'm trying to get rid of it."

"My name?" Everyone had their names written on them every day.

"Not your name."

"What?" I stopped struggling, wincing when Jendan's hand pressed against my sensitive skin. "What did he write?" I whispered, forgetting about the challenge.

"You don't want to know-"

"Yes, I do," I insisted. "Just tell me."

"Lousy lay. He wrote that instead of your name. At least, I assume he's the one that wrote on your back." His cool eyes met mine, sympathetic. "I was trying to help."

Even now, Kip was sprinting out of the water, ignoring Sunnie's feeble cries. I was too stunned to do anything, and when Jendan's hand swiped across my back once more, I let him.

Lousy lay?

And here I thought Kip and I were doing better today. What a f**king prick. No wonder everyone was laughing when I turned around. I felt my face go hot with anger. That little son of a bitch-

"Team eight wins again," Chip said, throwing his hands in the air as Kip trotted to the finish line with the ring again. Pleased with himself, Kip did a little 'Rocky' bounce and then threw his hands in the air.

Jendan gave my back a final rub and then released me.

"You two okay in the water?" Chip asked, his attention turning toward Jendan and me.

"Just twisted my ankle a little," I said, hauling out of the water and faking a limp. I was boiling mad as I went back to the line-up, unable to look over at my partner. My back stung, but my pride hurt worse. Of all the awful things to do...

I could teach Kip a lesson. Deliberately throw the challenge and see if I could get Kip ousted. It'd be risky, but did I want to play next to a guy that wrote Lousy Lay on my back just to try and humiliate me in public? All because I wouldn't f**k him this time around?

"Jendan, looks like you didn't even try very hard that time," Chip commented, breaking into my stream of thoughts. "Are you and Sunnie struggling with the challenge?"

"Just lost my bearings," Jendan said easily, and I glanced down the line at him. He shot me a secretive look, and I realized that he had no intention on telling anyone that he'd deliberately tackled me just to wipe my back off. They might notice that the words were no longer there, but maybe not that he did it on purpose to help me.

He'd thrown that round just to save me a little humiliation? I owed the guy. I felt a rush of gratitude that doused my fury. At least I had someone looking out for me on the beach.

The urge to throw the challenge fizzled. Jendan had deliberately lost so he could help me out. The least I could do was give it my all and try to return the favor somehow.

The afternoon wore on, and round after round of the challenge continued. The first team to get to three points was, not surprisingly, Summer and Polly. We lost to them in the next round. Once they had their three, they sat down on a nearby bench, out of the challenge and secure for another three days. Jendan and Sunnie won their next round and then lost another. We won our round against Leslie and Emilio, and finally got to sit down on the bench next to the girls. After that, Kissy and Rusty were safe, then Jerry and Saul.

The two teams in last place were Alys and Chris, and Jendan and Sunnie, who only won the one round. Alys and Chris had narrowly been beaten by the two firefighters, who weren't that good at swimming, it seemed. Chip wore a somber look as he strode forward. "Jendan and Sunnie." He turned to the other team. "Alys and Chris. You have all been nominated for Judgment. It's time for us to go to the Judgment Hall."

~~ *** ~~

An hour later, we were assembled in the so-called Judgment Hall. It was another boat-ride away, and on another island. The set that had been built was a magnificent one, designed to resemble a Fijian bungalow with no sides. There was a thick, layered, thatched roof, and rows of benches off to the side. An ornate wooden podium stood in the center (Chip's place of honor) and there was a bench on each side of him. We were instructed to file in quietly and take a seat on one of the benches across from the podium.

Alys and Chris sat to the left of Chip, Jendan and Sunnie to the right. Both teams looked incredibly displeased to be there.

Chip gave us all a somber look. "Welcome to Judgment. Here, the remaining players will vote who will stay, and who will leave. Your votes will determine which team will remain. The team that loses Judgment will then proceed to a challenge round, where they will compete against each other. The person that loses will exit the game. The person that wins the challenge will play on as a team of one. Should you lose Judgment again, that single person will be automatically eliminated. Does everyone understand?"

We nodded.

The host turned toward Jendan and Sunnie. "Do you have anything to say in your team's defense? You're one of the stronger men in the competition, Jendan. Shouldn't you have theoretically done better in the challenge?"

I watched Jendan's face flush uncomfortably and he rubbed his neck, glancing at his partner. I knew what he was thinking. We were all thinking it. It wasn't Jendan's fault that he'd lost. But Sunnie's big blue eyes were already spilling with tears that she was wiping away, and he reached over and hugged her shoulders awkwardly. "It just wasn't our day, Chip."

"That's your excuse?"

"That's our excuse. We'll do better next time," he said firmly, and gave Sunnie's shoulders another little squeeze.

Poor Jendan. He was too nice for this game. People like Kip were going to eat him alive. It suddenly occurred to me - was that how Kip had viewed me last time? Nice, sweet, and naive...and used that to his advantage? Endurance Island was a vicious game. Maybe he'd just wanted to play vicious.

Or...maybe he was just vicious. I thought of Lousy Lay written across my back and felt another surge of loathing for my partner.

"What about you, Alys? Chris?" Chip turned to look at them.

"We're a little dehydrated and not at full strength," Alys said slowly. "It took us some time to get a fire at camp, and I think that affected our gameplay. We almost had Kissy and Rusty beat," she said, smiling at the older couple. "We'll catch them next time."

"Do you have anything to say to the jury of your peers to persuade them to vote to keep you?"

Alys and Chris exchanged a glance. Chris cleared his throat. "Just that we're hoping to have a second chance on Endurance Island, and neither of us is ready to go yet."

"What about you, Sunnie and Jendan?"

Jendan looked over at me and I felt my face flush with heat.

"We've never played Endurance Island before," Sunnie said tearfully, wiping at her eyes in a pitiful fashion. "If we're not as good at living on the beach and making fires as everyone else, it's because we haven't had chance to practice yet. I just think we deserve that chance."

Jendan squeezed her knee, a move that seemed oddly intimate given that they were both naked. Hell, we were all naked, but I hated seeing that affectionate gesture. "No one wants to leave," Jendan said. "I think I speak for everyone when I say we're all here to play."

"Fair enough," Chip said. He turned to us, seated on our benches across from them. "For the vote, each team will go to the voting booth. You will write on the slate which team you are choosing to save. The team with the least amount of votes will then go to the challenge round. We'll go straight down the line. Team number three, you're up."

I studied the faces of both Sunnie and Jendan, then looked over at Alys and Chris. If I wanted to be a strong, take-no-prisoners bitch on wheels this game, I needed to vote to keep Alys and Chris. They were both returning players from an earlier season of Endurance Island, and if they didn't have fire, they clearly weren't paying much attention the first time around. Without fire, they'd be easier to beat, so it was smarter to keep them.

Still...Jendan had put his neck out for me. He'd rubbed the awful message off my back when everyone else had just laughed at me. And it had cost him. I wasn't sure that I could vote him off, knowing that he had my back.

But how would it look that Annabelle the Slut was going to vote to save the hot guy on the island? I didn't trust the cameras.

I didn't know what to do.

When it came our time to vote, I walked to the booth with Kip. The 'booth' was actually just a curtained off area, the curtain a waterfall of beads and cowrie shells. On the table in front of us sat a basket of slates, and nearby, pieces of chalk were left in a coconut bowl.

Now we needed to make a team decision. I looked over at Kip, whispering. "Do you know who you want to save?"

"Do you?"

I bit my lip. Strategy or kindness? In the end, I couldn't hang Jendan out to dry. Not when he was the only one to help me. "I think I want to keep Jendan and Sunnie."

"Okay."

I frowned at Kip. "Okay? You don't want to discuss strategy or anything?"

"Nah. Sunnie's hot. I don't mind keeping her around. Plus, they sucked at the challenge."

I must have been blinded by Kip's flowing black curls the last time we were here. How had I fallen for this man? Or was I seeing the real side of Kip now that I refused to be impressed by him? Either way, at least we weren't going to argue. I shrugged and gestured for him to take the chalk. He did so gleefully, writing down our vote, and then chucked the slate into the voting basket.

When the votes were tallied and read, I bit my lip the entire time, anxious. Team six - Alys and Chris. Team two - Sunnie and Jendan. Team six. Team two. The vote seesawed back and forth, and still our vote wasn't read.

Jendan shifted on the bench, tense, and his gaze flicked to me.

I gave him a quick, almost imperceptible nod as Chip lifted the final slate. "The team that will be staying is..." He turned the slate, revealing Kip's handwriting. "Sunnie and Jendan."

Sunnie squealed and threw her arms around a relieved Jendan's neck. Alys and Chris looked crushed.

Jendan's mouth pulled up in an almost imperceptible smile as he looked over at me.

"Now," Chip said, turning to the losing team. "It's time for the Judgment challenge. Did either of you find Pandora's Box?"

Ooo, now that was interesting. So Pandora's Box was something to do for after the votes? I mentally filed that tidbit away.

Both Alys and Chris shook their heads.

"All right, then. On with the challenge. This will be a fire-making challenge. The first one to build a fire and snap a rope, stays!"

I looked over at Jendan as we got up from our benches to make room for the fire-making challenge. As I did, he looked over at me and smiled, the relief evident on his face. He knew like I did that I'd saved his butt just then.

And for some reason, I was absurdly pleased by that smile.

Chapter Seven

"I feel like Annabelle's a kindred spirit here in the game. Neither one of us is particularly cut-throat. It's rather refreshing." - Jendan Abercrombie, Day 5, Endurance Island: Power Players

"We're out of water again," I complained to Kip. "And you're lying on my bed."

"Didn't realize everything on this beach belonged to you," he told me, but he didn't get up.

It was day five of the game and I'd just about hit my limit with Kip. He did nothing around camp, and if I protested, he'd tell me that he was 'saving his strength for the next challenge.' Which drove me crazy. We wouldn't win if I was exhausted and he was fresh, right? There had to be a little give and take.

Except one partner in this duo was doing a lot more 'taking.' Kip didn't lift a finger to help. The only shelter we had was mine - I'd managed to erect a vague lean-to against a pair of trees growing close together, and used the box (that I'd now disassembled) as flooring. Along with some woven palm fronds, it...well, it sucked. It didn't keep me warm, didn't keep out the rain, but I didn't wake up with sand in my hoo-ha, so that was a plus.

Of course, now that I'd made a shelter, Kip was determined to hog it at every turn. Right now he was lounging, eating a coconut that I'd put at camp for myself.

"I made the bed," I told him. "Therefore, it's mine."

"Look, Annabelle," he said in that dismissive tone of his that set my teeth on edge. "We both know that we're due for a reward challenge of some kind. You need me in fighting shape for the challenge, because we both know that you won't be able to handle anything athletic."

"Is that so?"

"Yep," he said, obviously missing my sarcasm. "So let me rest. And fill up my canteen while you're getting water, will you?"

I seethed, and then I plucked his canteen from his hand and stomped into the jungle. I hated Kip - hated him fiercely - but I took the canteen anyhow. It wasn't that I wanted to keep him hydrated so he could be strong in challenges - I didn't care if he was or not. If we lost, I was counting on beating him in the loser challenge so I could boot his ass and be a team of one, like Alys had done to Chris.

But if I didn't fill his canteen, he'd follow me into the jungle, and I wanted to be alone in the jungle, because I needed to find that forked tree.

The moment I had whatever was in Pandora's Box, I'd feel safer. Chip had mentioned it when the team had been voted off, which told me that it had something to do with whoever lost Judgment. If it was some sort of 'get out of jail free,' I wanted to have it before I started throwing challenges to get rid of Kip.

Because I definitely intended on getting rid of Kip.

Heading to the well, I filled the canteens, and then put the lid back on again and sat down on top of it. The carved lid was bumpy and hard, but there weren't any sand crabs on it, so I didn't mind. Sitting here gave me a chance to think, and I tried to consider anywhere that the forked tree might have been that I'd missed.

Plus, there was no Kip at the well. Bonus.

As I relaxed, I had a thought. Maybe I hadn't gone out far enough? I'd assumed the clue meant that the tree was near the well. What if there was other water on the island and I simply hadn't explored far enough? With that thought in mind, I tucked the canteens under my arm, hopped off the lid, and headed deeper into the trees. I supposed if there was a reward challenge, they'd just have to wait for me to come back.

I hadn't done much island exploring, mostly because it was frowned on by the production crew, who had to follow us, toting cameras, and because the island was hot, the interior stifling. Within the trees, there was no breeze coming off the water, and I constantly sweated...which meant I needed more water to drink, which meant that I needed to boil more water. It was an ugly, never-ending cycle.

But if the Pandora's Box clue was further out...it wouldn't hurt to do a little exploring.

I walked slowly through the dense growth, studying each tree. A cameraman had tailed me, filming a short distance away. I figured he'd have stopped me if I wasn't supposed to head in this direction, so I continued on. The island wasn't that big from what I could tell. The beach went around for a fair distance, but I could see bigger islands in the distance. Considering this was someone's private island, my guess was that it was teeny tiny and just looked bigger because I happened to be living on the beach at the moment. Still, I bet I could cross even a small island and see what was on the other side.

After walking for about fifteen minutes, I heard a rustling noise. Curious, I paused and looked back at the camera man, but he was standing in place and the rustling continued. I tilted my head to hear better and...gasped. It sounded like water.

I pushed through the ferns, heading for the source of the water-sounds. Past a couple more trees, I got a glimpse of a rocky outcropping and what looked like a tiny waterfall. That might have been the island version of a shower, and it sounded awesome to me.

When I pushed into the small clearing where the water was, though, another sight awaited me.

Jendan was there, naked, muscles flexed as he raised his hands and dragged his fingers through his hair. His stomach was taut and tanned, and everything was perfect and, um, protruding.

I froze in place. Oh...oh dear. Heat curled through my body at the sight of him, and I felt my pulse start to slam conspicuously between my legs. Nothing like the sight of a gorgeous man to get the libido racing. It wasn't that Jendan was naked. I'd seen him na**d several times at this point. It was that he was incredibly sensual in his enjoyment of the water. His head was thrown back, face lined with ecstasy as water dribbled over his head.

I should have announced my presence, but I only licked my lips and watched as he ran a big hand down one tanned arm, sluicing water off. The more I vowed to play this game celibate, the more this game made me regret it. Sigh. I cleared my throat. "Um, hi?"

He didn't jerk around like he'd been doing something wrong. Instead, Jendan opened his eyes - those dreamy gray eyes - and gave me a lazy smile that made my ovaries do a flip. "I didn't think anyone was out here."

"I didn't either," I told him. "This your camp?"

"No, I don't know that it's anyone's. Mine is a nice long hike that way." He thumbed behind him, and then wiped a bit more water from his face. "I guess we're on the same island?"

"I guess we are," I said, trying to make my voice light and nonchalant, all the while my loins were crying out like that plant in Little Shop of Horrors. FEED ME, SEYMOUR. "So, um, Endurance Island shower?"

"Yep. I told Sunnie about it but she doesn't like to hike." He shrugged and stepped out of the water. "Not that there's anything else to do all day."

I watched his bu**ocks flex as he turned away and climbed out of the small pool, and my mouth went dry. Man, I sure was thirsty all of a sudden. "Can you, uh, drink it?"

"Don't know, but it still makes a decent shower, right?" He grinned at me then raised his chin at the cameraman following me. "Are we going to be in trouble if we talk?"

"I don't know." I glanced back at him, but he was still filming. "I know people accidentally ran into each other on earlier seasons, and nobody got booted out of the game. I think we're okay."

"Well, in that case, hi, I'm your neighbor, Jendan." He approached me and stuck his big hand out.

I clasped it and swallowed the girlish titter that rose in my throat. "Annabelle."

"I remember," he said, his smile warm.

"Oh, right." I grimaced. "The lousy lay." I wanted to strangle Kip with my bare hands for writing that on my back. I still hadn't come up with the appropriate revenge yet. Just writing 'Shrimp Dick' on his back would be satisfying for all of two seconds, but then it'd be blurred out when the shows aired on television. I needed something better. Something lasting. Something underhanded that he'd never see coming. My mind percolated with possibilities.

Jendan's smile faded. "You know I don't think that about you."

"Of course not," I said lightly. "We haven't had sex yet." Then, my face grew scalding hot. Yet? Yet???? Oh sweet Jesus, Annabelle, don't talk about sex! "You know what I mean," I said quickly, recovering. "And Kip's just pissed because I won't let him grope me on the beach."

"He's trying to grope you?" Jendan stiffened. "Do you want me to say something to the producers?"

"What? No, no," I said quickly. That might have been a bit of an exaggeration on my part. "I have it handled." I didn't want Kip disqualified from the game.

I wanted to beat him and grind his nose into his failure.

Not that I was bitter.

Jendan still looked unsure, so I decided to change the subject. "How's Sunnie?"

"She's...hanging in there as much as possible. Sick, though."

"Why's she sick?"

He scratched his head. "We haven't been able to boil our water and she's been drinking it."

"Oh, yikes. You know it's probably full of parasites?"

"I'm not going to tell her that. She's still horrified there's no toilet paper on the island." He grimaced. "I don't think this was her idea of roughing it."

"Has she ever seen the show?"

"I'm not entirely sure." He shrugged. "We'll get fire eventually. It's no big deal."

"What are you drinking?" I crossed my arms over my chest, trying to look nonchalant, but I was concerned. Jendan was a big guy. Already he looked a little hollow around the eyes. If he expected to survive six weeks out here, he was going to have to eat more.

He gave me a rueful look. "Coconut juice?"

"Want me to show you how to make a fire?"

His gorgeous face lit up, doing terrible, naughty things to my hormones. God, that man had a gorgeous smile. But then he shook his head, slowly. "I wouldn't want to impose on you, Annabelle. I know you're playing to win, too. And you already bailed me out once, if I read things right."

"You did," I told him. "And I need allies in this game. You're no good to me if you're falling over on your feet."

He considered it silently, rubbing the bristle on his jaw.

"Come on. Take what I'm offering. Being nice and fair in this game gets you nowhere."

His gray eyes fixed on me. "So how come you're being nice to me?"

I blushed. I couldn't say that I was a nice girl, could I? And it was stupid of me to be nice to him, on some level. "Like I said, I need allies. My partner is useless."

His mouth curved into a wry smile. "Sunnie's not much better. Nice girl, but I wish she'd do something around camp."

"Maybe we should be secret partners, then," I suggested. "Work with each other to get to the end."

He studied my face, then nodded slowly. "That sounds good to me. Shake on it?"

I spit on my hand and offered it to him.

Jendan eyed it. "Well, I wasn't expecting that from you."

"Spit makes everything more serious," I told him, and then turned beet red again. Damn. Why was it everything I said to him sounded like innuendo?

But he ignored my blush, laughed, and spit in his own hand, then smacked it against mine.

We shook.

My first secret alliance. Excellent.

Something beeped. Both Jendan and I looked over to the cameraman. He picked up a walkie-talkie from his belt. "Yeah?"

"Reward challenge time and we're missing two players," came the tinny voice, followed by a beep.

The cameraman looked at us and spoke into his walkie-talkie. "I've got them."

I looked back at Jendan and gave him a sheepish look. "Guess we'll have to save the fire-making for another day. Television calls."

"Come back here tomorrow?" His gaze was intense, his eyes the most stunning shade of gray I'd ever seen. "I want to see you again."

Music to a girl's ears. I was riveted despite myself, and nodded, trying not to smile like a loon and failing. "Yeah, okay."

"See you then." He waved as he turned around and left.

With a dopey grin on my face, I hustled back to my own beach. There'd be time enough tomorrow to take a dunk in the waterfall and go looking for my forked tree. Maybe Jendan could help me. The thought made me blush and giggle, and for a moment, I hated myself for having a crush on a guy while filming the show. A crush would do zero good. I couldn't act on it, and if I had to, I'd still vote Jendan out to further my own game.

This time, I was not going home.

~~ *** ~~

"Welcome to today's reward challenge!" Chip waved us in as we walked to our places in line. When everyone was settled in, he gestured at the set-up behind him. "As you can see, this challenge is a fun one."

I stared up at the gigantic fake tree behind him. Big wooden palm fronds were painted bright green, and the 'trunk' of the tree was easily twice as big around as a normal coconut tree. Nestled in the branches of the fake tree were dozens and dozens of coconuts. Some littered the ground already.

"Your object in this challenge is to match coconuts. Each individual will have a chance to do one of two things - either throw a coconut to knock others down from the tree, or to pick up two coconuts on the ground. If you get a match, your team scores a point. The first three teams to ten points win a reward. All the other teams, I've got nothing for you." He gazed at us. "And it's an important reward." He went to a nearby podium with a covered basket and pulled off a colored cloth, revealing the prize.

Fire-making implements. "Flint. Steel. Matches. Everything you need to make fire."

A chorus of cheers went up from down the line. I guessed that less people had fire than they let on.

"This time, rewards are going to come with a twist. You can opt not to participate and eat instead." He pulled the covering off of the other basket and showed us its contents - donuts and orange juice.

My mouth watered. I looked over at Kip to see if he was thinking the same thing I was, and he was wiping his mouth.

"But just be warned - if you opt not to participate, you're sending a very clear message to the other participants. Now, is anyone confident enough in their fire to want to sit out of this challenge?"

I hesitated. Looked over at my partner.

Kip didn't even have to think about it. He grabbed my hand and dragged me forward. "We do, Chip."

"Us, too." Leslie and Emilio moved forward.

"All right, that narrows the field for the remaining players. Those of you opting out, step aside so we can do the challenge."

As I watched giddily, production set up a folding table and folding chairs off to one side and put the basket of donuts and orange juice bottles there. My mouth watered at the sight.

I glanced over at the other players. Some were looking at us longingly. Sunnie was frowning in our direction. Jendan stared straight ahead, not looking at the food.

I felt a twinge of dismay, but it disappeared when the others surged forward to sit down and eat. I pushed my way next to them, sat down in one of the chairs, grabbed a donut and orange juice, and began to feast. The sugar icing the donut melted on my lips and I moaned. It was the best thing I'd ever tasted, after five days of coconuts.

"All right," Chip said. "Looks like we still have Teams Two, Three, Four, Five, and Six playing. Seven and Eight sat out, so that means that three teams will go home with fire. Two teams will go back to their beach, empty handed. We ready to play?" He nodded at the silence. "All right, Team Two, you're up first!"

I cheered silently as Jendan and Sunnie stepped up to the throwing line, scarfing another donut and washing it down with orange juice. I wanted them to win...but a small, selfish part of me wanted them to lose. If they lost, Jendan would still need my help to make fire, but that was a terrible reason to wish a loss on them. I shoved that thought down with another donut. At my side, Kip was pushing entire donuts into his mouth, his cheeks bulging as he chewed. His gluttony made me eat a little daintier. I didn't want to look like that on camera.

As we ate, the challenge wore on. The sugar I'd devoured made me nauseated quickly, and I switched to sipping orange juice as I watched players alternately knock coconuts down or try to match them. Alys quickly cleaned up. She got to go last and had no partner, so she just swiped coconuts as others knocked them down. She was the first to ten, then Summer and Polly, and then Jendan and Sunnie squeaked into third.

When they won, Jendan's face lit up into a jubilant smile that made my heart pound...and Sunnie flung herself at him and wrapped her arms around his neck, which made me considerably less happy. The clump of donuts in my stomach churned uncomfortably as I watched him hug her back.

I didn't know why I was jealous. She was his partner. I wasn't in this game to hook up with anyone so it didn't matter if he was attracted to her or not.

But I didn't want him to be attracted to her. I wanted him to be attracted to me, which was all kinds of stupid and wrong.

I wouldn't win the game of Endurance Island by hooking up. I already knew that particular strategy was a failure.

Chapter Eight

"I...almost didn't want to win those fire-making implements. Almost." - Jendan Abercrombie, Day 6, Endurance Island: Power Players

"Tell us why you're heading out into the jungle today."

I hugged my legs and faced the camera, adjusting my body so that my knees covered my tits and my feet blocked any uncomfortable views of my girly parts. Confessionals were a nice break-up in the day. It felt a lot like my own personal diary, and I could rant and rave to my heart's content and know that no one would ever hear it...until it aired, of course. So you still had to be careful what you said.

"There are a ton of reasons why I'm heading out into the jungle today. I boiled water this morning, so my canteen is full." I patted it at my side. "I want to check out that waterfall for myself, because my hair feels grungy and sea water isn't helping. And I want to look for that tree. I need Pandora's Box. Badly."

I didn't mention Jendan. I didn't know if he'd be out there today, to be honest. He had fire. There was no reason to come meet me again, not really. Not unless he just wanted my company.

"Tell us about your partner."

I grimaced. "Kip is frustrating. I can't explain it more plainly than that. He doesn't do a thing around camp. I have to feed him. I have to fill his canteen. He steals into my shelter if I don't get there before he does. At least he's not staring at my br**sts any longer. But he's a liability I have to put up with until I figure out what's in Pandora's Box. Then, if it's something I can use to get rid of him, I'm going to at the first opportunity available."

"Do you think it'll make you vulnerable to get rid of Kip?"

"I honestly don't care. Getting rid of Kip is the biggest goal I have in this game. I want to make him pay for how he treated me last time. If I win, great. If I don't and Kip doesn't either? Great. But being his partner is what makes things tricky. I need to somehow get rid of him without kicking myself out of the game first."

"What about what he wrote on your back in the last Judgment challenge?"

I smiled tightly. "I'm trying not to think about that."

~~ *** ~~

Once the interview was done, I took my canteen and headed out into the jungle along the same route I'd taken yesterday. There was no path, but with nothing but time on my hands, I had time to explore a bit. If I went the wrong way, it was no big deal, really. We were on a small island; I couldn't get that lost.

Eventually, I heard the familiar sound of falling water and followed it to a sparkling shallow pool. There, like a glorious shower of Mother Nature, was the trickling waterfall. It tumbled off of a rocky cliff above, a sight for sore eyes if there ever was one. I stood beside the pool, hesitating. It felt weird to not have to undress to get in, but I shucked off my shoes, dropped my canteen and stepped into the flow, giving a little moan of pleasure at how good it felt. Sure, it was cold water and there wasn't a ton of water pressure, but it was clean and crisp and not sticky with salt. In short: it was amazing. I stood under it for what felt like forever, rubbing my sandy, sweaty, salt-crusted limbs clean, and then just rinsed my hair over and over again. Man, I'd be here daily, because this waterfall was amazing.

By the time I stepped out and wrung my hair out, Jendan still hadn't showed. I felt a little twinge of sadness that he hadn't bothered to show up. I shouldn't have been surprised, though. He had fire; he didn't need me for help. I slung my canteen back over my shoulder and started to head away to look for the forked tree. This was water, so maybe the tree where Pandora's Box was buried would be somewhere nearby.

My shoes were dirty and I hated the thought of putting them on my nice clean feet. Going barefoot through the jungle seemed like a more appealing option than putting on grubby sneakers, so I took my shoes in hand. I'd walked a few steps, picking my way across the terrain, when I nearly ran into Jendan's na**d chest.

"Oh!" That was what I got for staring down as I walked.

"Hey." He grabbed my arm to keep me from stumbling. "You all right?"

"Just focused on my feet. Didn't see you there." God, I sounded all breathless. "I didn't think you were coming." I looked down and his thumb was mere inches away from one of my wet br**sts.

Which made me all the more intensely aware of his na**d body so close to mine.

"Not coming?" He laughed. "It's not like my schedule's full."

"Actually I think we're due to have a Judgment challenge today. It's still early, though." His hand was so warm on my arm, distracting me. "Um. How're things at camp?"

"Much better now that we have drinking water instead of just coconuts." He smiled at me, teeth white in his tanned face, and I felt my heart give another little flip.

"So you were able to get the fire going? That's great. I'm really happy for you guys."

"It probably doesn't beat donuts, but one step at a time."

I flushed uncomfortably. "We looked like real ass**les eating those, didn't we?"

"Not at all," he said. "I would have done the same thing in your shoes."

"I doubt that," I said. "You're too nice."

His mouth twisted into a half smile. "So everyone tells me."

Huh. It seemed like Jendan didn't care to be referred to as a nice guy. Still...he was. He was one of the nicest I'd ever met. "Was that the wrong thing to say?"

"Nah. Just seem to be stuck with a case of 'nice guys finish last' lately."

"Oh. Did you finish last on your other show?"

"House Guests? Came in second, actually." His smile turned rueful. "First loser."

"Ouch."

"Tell me about it. I lost to a guy that played dirty. I guess that's the kind of game play people respect."

"Seems like it." I studied him. He was handsome, but more than that, I liked his face. I liked the way the edges of his eyes crinkled just a bit when he smiled, because it told me he smiled often. So he wasn't a 'bad boy.' Kip was, and look where he'd gotten me. "So are you going to try and play rough this time so you can take home the money?"

"I thought so, but now I'm a few days in and..." he shrugged. "I don't know if it's in me to backstab and be a jerk just to get ahead a few spots."

He sounded like me...except I was still vowing to get ahead those spots. "Yeah, but if it gets you to first place?"

"What's better, my self-respect or a million dollars?"

"The only person that would say that is someone that already has money."

He laughed. "Good point."

That made me curious. "What do you do for a living?"

Jendan ran a hand through his hair. "I probably shouldn't say."

"I'll say if you say." When he still hesitated, I offered my information anyhow. "I'm a waitress."

"Isn't that what everyone says when they're lying about what they do? Waitress or construction worker?"

His grin was teasing, but I felt a burst of shame. "Well, I was going to college, but I dropped out. Not that that makes things any better."

The grin faded. "Oh, you were serious?"

My shame deepened. "Sorry if I don't have some super fancy job. I'll just go."

"No, hey, wait-" he grabbed my arm. "I'm sorry. I wasn't trying to be an ass. I just thought you were joking."

"Waitressing is very respectable," I said in a hurt tone, not looking at him. "And I really should be getting back to camp."

"Don't go," he said softly. "Please."

It was that 'please' that made me stop. I looked over at him. "I really am a waitress, you know. There's nothing wrong with it."

"I know. I came off as an ass. I'm sorry." Those gray eyes pulled at me. "I'm a stunt man."

I blinked. "Like, the guy they set on fire in the movies?"

His mouth twitched. "I mostly jump out of speeding cars and the occasional building, but yes."

"Oh wow," I breathed, imagining that. Then I gave him a curious look. "What the hell are you doing on a reality TV show?"

"Well, for one, I'm not loaded. I'm comfortable, but not loaded. And I tore my MCL last year, which limits the work I can do." He shrugged. "It's not a long-term career, you know? So I'd kind of like to open my own martial arts school. Have something else to do when I'm too hurt to do much else."

"Back-up plans are important. I should have had one for when I dropped out of college."

"How come you dropped out?"

"Um. Because of how the game turned out last year."

"How did the game turn out?"

He looked at me, genuinely curious, and I suddenly realized he hadn't seen the show. Well, damn. I pursed my lips, trying to think of how to explain. Then I remembered the whole 'lousy lay' thing and supposed it didn't matter. "So last year, I had a crush on Kip and he strung me along to get my vote. The TV show edited it to make it seem like I was a bit of a ho." I crossed my arms over my br**sts, feeling a little vulnerable.

Wasn't hard to do, given the fact that I was standing in front of a hot na**d guy, totally na**d myself.

For a moment, Jendan looked...angry. "They did what?"

"They, um, edited it badly." I mean, sure, I'd chased Kip, but we'd done nothing but kiss on the island. I didn't think that was worth the slut shaming I'd gotten. "After that, I got harassed by some people online and at school and I just thought it would be easier to disappear for a while."

"So why are you on the show again?" His frown had become fierce, his body language angry.

Well, now I felt stupid. "I guess I don't learn from my mistakes?"

"Annabelle," he said, reaching for me. Then he pulled back, as if self-conscious of my nudity. "I'm not judging you. I just don't like that they're using you like this and then deliberately setting you up for round two. That's not fair to you. You're more than just a storyline, and they can't wreck your life just because it makes good TV."

I knew what he was saying was the truth. But I was already here, and trapped with Kip, so it was just pouring salt into a wound at this point. "Preaching it to the choir. But I plan on turning things around this time. I want to show people a different side of Annabelle Tucker. I'm playing different this time. More cutthroat. Less naive." Hopefully. "And zero island romances."

Silence fell between us, and I thought of the charged emotions that had been running electrically through my body the moment I came into his presence. So much for that. Now Jendan was going to lose interest, like every other guy that wanted nothing but a quick hook-up.

But he only shrugged. "Sounds like a good plan to me, as long as it allows friendship."

"It does," I said lightly, feeling relieved. That was unexpected. "Still need me to help you make fire?"

"I actually have that covered," he said. "It's about the only thing on this island that's covered." And he gestured at his groin.

I laughed, because it was either that or cry, right? Big beautiful hunk of man standing right in front of me, and I couldn't even look down at his magnificent equipment without being totally obvious about it.

Because friends wouldn't do that to friends, right? Not even if those friends were totally mouthwatering.

"Anything you could help me learn would be great, by the way." Jendan's words broke my concentration. "I'm really not great at this survival stuff."

Island life discussions, I could handle. "Did you research before you came out here?"

He winced. "No. Was I supposed to?"

"Nah. No one does," I lied. I'd researched my tail off for the prior season so I could come out and be useful to my group. Not everyone did. "But I know a little about the island from studying on the plane. Do you know how to find taro root? Or tapioca? We've been eating those to supplement our coconuts."

He looked astonished. "Those are on the island?"

"They are. I can show you where to find them and what they look like, if you want. Do you know how to cook them?"

"Can you show me that, too?"

I really shouldn't if I was being cutthroat and all, but I couldn't resist those gray eyes with the crinkles. "Yeah, I can."

"I could totally kiss you right now, Annabelle," he told me. "I've had nothing but coconut for the last five days. I had wet dreams about you and those donuts you ate yesterday."

Boy, he wasn't the only one. I'd had dreams of a rather uncomfortable nature myself, involving eating pastries off of his rock-hard abs. I flushed bright red, thinking of that. "Well, hang in there. There's bound to be a fishing tackle reward coming up. Come on. I'll show you what the plants look like."

"Lead the way."

Jendan and I walked through the jungle, making idle chatter to pass the time as I scoured the leafy floor looking for the plants. We went over the basics, like strangers on a blind date do. He grew up in California; I was an Alabama girl. He got a degree in Kinesiology - I dropped out of college and when I did go to school, my major was Anthropology. He liked hockey, I liked baseball.

Even though we didn't have the basics in common, there were parallels between us. We were both middle children. We were both the peacemakers in our family. We were both methodical and tried to think things through before acting. And we both shared an optimistic view on life.

I felt like I knew Jendan. Even though we'd met on the island and had only spent an afternoon or two together, he was one of those people that I felt like I knew, right to my bones. This was a man I could trust. A man who was good and kind and thoughtful. It was there in his actions - from the way he held my hand to help me over a particularly large fallen tree, to the way he averted his gaze from my br**sts when we talked.

Jendan was a nice guy. A friend.

It was kind of refreshing after being stranded for a week with someone like Kip. Someone that expected to get by on looks and charm alone.

"Ah, there's a taro plant," I told him, spotting one of the elusive creatures. I headed forward and approached it, running my fingers along the edges of one large leaf. "See these? They look like elephant ears. You want to dig up the root, though. A stick will do."

He glanced around, and then headed off to the side. "I think I saw a decent stick over here." As he walked forward, I admired his body. Something caught my eye, and seeing it, I froze.

There, right in front of Jendan, was a tree with a neat split right down the middle.

Chapter Nine

"Hello, my name is Jendan Abercrombie, a permanent resident of the f**king friend zone. Every damn time." - Jendan Abercrombie, Day 7, Endurance Island: Power Players

I didn't say anything about the split tree.

Maybe I should have, but I was playing the game for myself, right? I couldn't show my whole hand right away. That'd be stupid for sure. I did hold my breath as Jendan dug at a taro root close to the tree, but if he realized it was forked, he ignored it.

Maybe he didn't have the same clue I did. Maybe there was a Pandora's Box for each team and he had a different clue. Maybe Sunnie had the clue. My head spun with all the 'maybes.'

We dug for roots a bit longer, finding both taro and tapioca. Jendan insisted on sharing the findings with me, so we'd both have something good to eat back at our respective camps. When the cameraman notified us that the Judgment challenge would be in an hour, Jendan hugged me, which made me intensely aware of his body against mine. He thanked me for my help, and asked to meet me again the next day.

Of course I agreed. Visiting Jendan made the long, boring day go by so much faster. While things looked exciting on TV, the 'reality' of reality TV was that for every five minutes of interesting television, it equaled out to lots and lots of boring hours on our end. Talking to Kip always seemed to shred my temper, so I avoided him.

It was just...really nice to talk to Jendan and have someone on the same level as me. Someone whose conversation wasn't the equivalent of "Tits or GTFO."

Jendan waved goodbye and headed further into the jungle. I returned to camp and was immediately hustled toward the waiting speedboat for the next Judgment Challenge.

"Hey, do you have your canteen?" Kip asked me, yawning as we boarded the boat. "Mine's empty and you weren't around to boil me some more."

I shot him a scathing look. "Boil your own water."

"If you don't boil me some, I'll just take yours when you're not looking."

He would, too. And then I'd have to boil some anyway, and he'd just take what he wanted. Seething, I plopped down in the boat and didn't speak until we got to the challenge.

That particular Judgment challenge was a tricky one, with a stair-step puzzle and an obstacle course to retrieve the puzzle pieces. Nevertheless, Kip and I performed well as a team, and we ended up in second place, safely out of danger. To my relief, Jendan and Sunnie pulled into fourth place. Jendan had put Sunnie in charge of organizing the puzzle while he did all of the physical work, and it ended up working to their advantage. In last place were Emilio/Leslie - Team Seven - and Jerry/Saul - Team 5. Kip wanted to vote to keep Emilio and Leslie out of solidarity for our own prior season. I was fine with that, since Jerry and Saul would end up being a tougher team to beat in future challenges. It seemed like we weren't the only ones thinking that way - Jerry and Saul lost the vote and went to Judgment, and after a water-hauling challenge, Jerry went home. Saul was now playing solo.

When the challenge was over, we went back to camp. Kip immediately collapsed in my small shelter, hogging it. "If you're heading to get water, my canteen's by the fire pit."

Furious, I scooped up his canteen. He wasn't even trying to be helpful! I was just as exhausted as he was. The challenge had been a truly physical one. But we were both out of water, and I knew it was vital if we wanted to keep up our strength. I needed Kip until I saw what was in Pandora's Box...

And now would be the perfect time to go retrieve it.

"Fine, I'll get water," I told him, infusing the perfect amount of sarcasm in my voice so he wouldn't get suspicious. "Don't work too hard."

"Don't worry about that," he called back lazily.

Looping both canteens over my shoulder, I headed into the jungle. The water well was the first stop, and as I filled our canteens, I had visions of dropping Kip's canteen in and pretending it disappeared for all time. Of course, then he'd just steal mine. I screwed the lid on and hefted the now-full canteen against my na**d hip. It wouldn't be drinkable until it was boiled, which meant more work for me....

I paused. Gazed down at Kip's canteen in my hand, marked with a K in grease-pencil.

Maybe I just wouldn't boil it.

I'd boil mine, sure. I wasn't crazy. But if Kip wanted his boiled, he could do it himself. I could just passive-aggressively hand him his full canteen and let him figure out the rest. If he got a little bit of Montezuma's Revenge because he was drinking unboiled water, he'd figure it out in a few days.

And I'd have my subtle, ongoing revenge for him writing Lousy Lay on my back.

Pleased with myself, I filled my canteen and then re-covered the well. Time to go exploring. I had about an hour until the sun was going to set, but I knew exactly where I was headed now. I made my way deep into the trees, snatched up a digging stick as I walked, and headed for the forked tree. I eyed the roots. The note hadn't said which direction to dig in, so I was just going to have to make holes in the ground until I figured things out. I picked the most likely spot and began to dig with my stick.

That hole yielded no success, but when I started in on the next spot, my stick struck something hard. Excited, I began to clear away the sandy soil. A small, red-lacquered box came into view, and I eagerly dug it out, now using my fingers instead of the stick.

The box was no bigger than my fist, the surface smooth. A black silk knot (now covered in dirt and sand) held the clasp shut. I quickly pulled it apart and flung the lid back.

A small white card was inside, the writing across the front stark black.

Are you sure you want to open me?

Of course I did. This was a game show, and I'd come to play.

I pulled the card out and opened it. The inside was decorated with drawings of palm trees and read: Congratulations on opening Pandora's Box. If your team loses Judgment, speak the Power Word. This word will automatically eliminate your partner. You will be safe. Your word is Kere Kere - Please - in Fijian. This word can only be used once.

I squealed with excitement. This was exactly what I needed.

Goodbye, Kip. Don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out.

Chapter Ten

"I feel a little bad for poor Sunnie. I keep ditching our camp to go spend time with Annabelle. There's just something about her. She has the greatest smile, and there's a lot of determination in those eyes of hers. The fact that she's willing to play as physical a game as she can? It makes her really damn appealing." - Jendan Abercrombie, Day 11, Endurance Island: Power Players

Day 11

"Welcome to today's Judgment challenge."

We stood in the hot sunlight, lined up on the beach. No one was smiling or excited today. Yesterday's Judgment challenge had been a grueling slog of racing through a sandy obstacle course to retrieve buried labeled coconuts. While it had looked relatively simple, it had been cloudless and humid yesterday, and the heat combined with the sand had made it the worst challenge yet. Through a run of bad digging luck, Summer and Polly had trouble finding their buried coconuts, and they'd ended up in last with Kissy and Rusty. Everyone had banded together to vote the power duo of women out, and Polly had gone home. Summer stood next to me in the line-up, a grimly determined expression on her face. I think it was the first time she realized we were all against her.

Today, instead of a three day reprieve between challenges, we'd been called out for yet another one. Everyone looked unhappy.

Well, everyone except me. I'd done my best to lag behind in the last challenge. Deliberately. Kip, however, had acted like he was the lone hero of the entire show and ran the thing almost single-handedly. When we'd returned to camp, he'd given me a few scathing looks, as if disappointed by my 'lack' of athletic prowess, but otherwise said nothing. It occurred to me that he didn't even realize I'd tried to throw the challenge.

I eyed today's set-up as the cameramen moved past, filming us. It looked a bit like yesterday's obstacle course, except the sand had been smoothed out from the churned mess it was yesterday. At several places along the beach, stations had been set up. One looked like nothing but oversized banana leaves piled together on a table. Another looked like a row of buckets, and an enormous spitted pig was at another. At the farthest end of the beach, several pits had been dug, with a sturdy pole set in the middle. Each pole had a tiny flag emblazoned with team numbers and held up a pair of scales.

"Let's begin," Chip said, looking down the line at us. "This is a back to back immunity challenge. We told you that things were going to be more difficult this season, and we weren't lying. Win this round, and you're safe for another three days. Lose, and this could be your last day on Endurance Island." With that grim pronouncement, he turned and gestured at the stations. "Today, you are going to be collecting ingredients for a traditional Fijian lovo feast...without using your hands."

Someone gasped.

I stifled my groan, straining to hear Chip's instructions. Maybe it wouldn't be as bad as it sounded.

"There are four different ingredients for this challenge. To make your lovo pit, you need these things: smooth stones for baking, banana leaves, the meat itself, and of course, dirt to go on top. The ingredients can be collected in any order, but you need five pounds of each ingredient for every person on your team. If you are playing solo, you need five pounds. If you are playing with a partner, you need ten pounds of each. Understand?"

We nodded.

"As I said before, you cannot use your hands. You're allowed to use your face, your shoulders, your arms, your mouth, whatever you like...except your hands and feet. You can divide up stations or tackle them together. It's up to you guys. Someone's going to come by and tie your hands to prep you for the challenge. Does anyone have any questions before we start?"

I glanced down the line at the others. Summer had a grim expression on her face. I didn't blame her. This was a lot to handle by yourself. Alys looked ready to cry. Saul just rubbed his hands, excited. Maybe Saul wasn't too bright.

None of them knew I was planning on throwing the challenge so I could try to ditch Kip.

"No questions?" Chip asked. "All right. While we tie hands, you can strategize with your partner."

I already had my strategy in place: lose. But I'd let Kip steer our sinking ship. I turned to look at my partner. "How do you want to handle this?"

"Well, you're a girl, so we should give you the easy stuff."

My temper flared, but I swallowed the anger bubbling inside me. "You don't say."

"Yeah. I'll take the rocks and the dirt. There's buckets for those."

I glanced down at the stations as someone came by and gestured for me to put my hands behind my back. At this point, we were so used to ignoring the production and camera crews that I barely even noticed. "There's only buckets for the dirt, Kip."

The production assistant finished binding my hands and moved on to Kip's. Kip studied the course and then looked over at me. "He didn't say we had to go in any particular order, right? I'll just do the dirt first and then take the bucket over and fill it with the rocks. You do the banana leaves and the food. I'd do the food but my stomach's been shit for the last few days."

I bit my lip, trying to keep a straight face. "That's too bad about your stomach."

"Island bug," he said. "It'll pass eventually."

It'd probably pass if he got off his ass and boiled his water, but I didn't tell him that.

"We can do this," he said confidently. "Just don't f**k up like you did the last challenge."

"Screw you," I said, determined to do just that. I resolved then and there to take one banana leaf at a time. Ten pounds would be a ridiculous amount. It'd take forever.

"Is everyone ready?" Chip raised his hand into the air.

We leaned forward, as if we were about to race from the starting line. Maybe some people were. I had no intention of trying to push my way ahead, though. Let some other idiot do that - I had a partner to vote out.

"Go!" Chip yelled.

We dashed forward. Further down the line, Rusty immediately face-planted, his balance off. Spitting sand, he hauled himself back up as the rest of us trotted past, a little more wary after seeing his spill. I immediately headed for the banana leaves. The groups were splitting up, heading into different areas, and I noticed Jendan was heading the same way I was. I gave him a wink as I moved to the leaf station and leaned over to grab a mouthful. To my surprise, my lips found...string. They'd tied the leaves into bundles? That didn't work well for my plans.

Using my lips, I daintily picked up a bundle by the end of the string, feeling the knot loosen as I did. I began to run to the pit designated for Team 8, and the entire bundle fell apart as I did, leaves fluttering to the sand.

Whoopsie.

With fake exasperation, I turned around and headed back to the station, starting over again. When this bundle held together (stupid bundle!) I plopped it on the scale next to the pit with my name on it. One pound. Well, at least I'd need ten of those. Heading back out, I went for the leaves again as Jendan raced forward, another bundle in his mouth. He looked like he was making serious tracks in this challenge. Good for him.

I managed to utterly destroy two more bundles by 'accidentally' untying the string twice more. Kip passed me once, growling with anger through the bucket handle clenched between his teeth. I blithely ignored him and dropped my final bundle of leaves on the scale. Ten pounds. Using my nose, I nudged the stack off the scale and into the pit. On to the meat.

I headed to the station at a fast trot, wondering why it was deserted. Everyone was busy with the other stations and seemingly avoiding this one. As I neared, though, I could see why. The smell of cooked, overly-sweet meat touched my nostrils before I saw the problem.

Our pig was covered in barbecue sauce...and flies.

"You're kidding me, right?" I said aloud as I approached it. Thick reddish sauce clung to the cracked, greasy skin of the thing. There was a gash in one side, where I supposed we could 'chow down' and grab chunks with our teeth. It reeked of hot grease and barbecue, and as I watched, a fly buzzed forward and landed in the sauce.

As I stared, Jendan raced to my side, took one look at the pig and bent double. I could hear him dry heaving. Oh Jesus, this just got worse and worse.

Fighting back my own bile, I stepped toward it. If ever there was a time to throw a challenge, it was now. I glanced around the challenge area frantically. Sunnie was at the rocks station, delicately rolling one along with her nose. Summer elbowed past me, heading to the banana leaf station. Wow, she was going slow. Alys and Saul were still at the first station, and Kip was hauling buckets of dirt at the far end of the course, ahead of everyone else.

Dammit, why did my partner have to be so quick at everything? We were never going to get voted off at this rate.

I looked over at Jendan again. His hands were on his knees, and his face was extremely pale. I sidled closer to him, pretending to inspect the disgusting pig. "You ok?"

"I'm...kinda a health nut. Not so good with gross food."

Well that was obvious. "Make Sunnie do this station, then. You guys can't come in last again."

He shook his head. "She won't do it. She's a vegetarian."

"Jesus." I stepped forward, eying the hunk of grotesque meat in front of us. "Look, Jendan, if you're in last again, you might go home."

"I know. Just...give me a minute." He breathed deep, clearly trying to calm his stomach.

Lovely. Now I had to somehow throw the challenge to get rid of my partner and manage to help Jendan at the same time. I moved closer to the pig and the gigantic gash cut into its side. At least it was cooked all the way through. I blew at a fly zooming in too close and leaned in. I could always pull a piece of meat from the pig's side and pretend to drop it, and have Jendan grab it...but the beach was super sandy and the pig was coated with barbecue sauce. I doubted Jendan's weak stomach would be able to handle that. Maybe...maybe I could pull a big chunk loose but leave it hanging by the skin (ugh) and Jendan could swipe forward and pull it off.

"I'm going to help you, okay?" I whispered. "I'll pull some loose. Just grab it with your teeth and go."

He nodded and made a quiet gagging sound.

Men. Sucking in a deep breath of my own, I shoved my face into the cut gap. The pork smelled fragrant, and actually pretty damn good. My mouth watered, starving. I bit at a big chunk of the pork, got it between my teeth, and then pulled back, trying to drag a large chunk away.

It tore with a wet, fleshy sound that made Jendan hurk in his throat again.

I left that flappy piece hanging and shoved my face back into the gouge again, pulling another long strip free with my teeth. Damn, it smelled really good. I was tempted to take a bite, but remembered the flies swarming on it, and my stomach gave a little lurch of its own. Gripping a piece in my teeth, I looked over to see if Jendan was moving forward. He had, a little, and was eyeing the flap of meat I'd loosened for him.

"Grab it under your arm if you have to," I told him through gritted teeth, and yanked my piece off. Barbecue sauce covered my cheeks and brows, and I turned and struggled toward my team's station. Like it or not, it looked like we were in first place. Well, shit.

I'd just have to wait a challenge to get rid of Kip. If I dragged my feet too much at this point, someone would think something was up. Dumping my mouthful of pork on the scale, I passed Jendan, who had the hunk of pork tucked under one sauce-covered arm. "You're the best," he told me as he huffed past.

I nodded, hurrying along. I had to get back to the pig before Jendan did - and before any others - so I could help him get another piece. I picked up the pace...and face-planted into the sand. Damn it! Coughing sand out of my mouth, I awkwardly pushed myself back to my feet. My entire face was now covered in sand and barbecue sauce. Sexy.

Trotting back to the pig station, albeit at a much slower pace, I returned to it and immediately pushed my face back against its side, trying to pull more out. I managed to get another hunk loose for Jendan just as he came up and concentrated on getting another piece for myself just as Kissy came up to my side and went bobbing for pork, face first. The others were catching up. I returned to my station, and was relieved when Jendan pushed the meat off his scale and then ran to another station to go help Sunnie. I dumped my meat on my scale. 9.7 pounds.

Maybe I'd still lose this damn thing after all. I looked down the line. Maybe not - all the single participants were struggling with the challenge. It clearly wasn't weighed to do them any favors. With a small sigh, I headed back out to the pig for one last mouthful of pork, then spit it out on my scale. Done with my stations, I turned...and barbecue sauce slid into one eye. I squeezed it shut and tried to see where Kip was on the course. Someone was heading in my direction with a bucket clenched between their teeth. My partner.

He shoved past me - I guess I was in the way - and pushed his bucket onto his scale, then dumped the contents into the pit.

"Team Eight is safe!" I heard Chip call. Kip whooped with excitement, and flung a hand around my shoulders.

"Hands please," I said, shrugging my shoulders in an attempt to point at my hands. "I have barbecue sauce in my eyes."

"Can't until the challenge is over," Chip called cheerfully, and then announced, "Team Two is safe!"

Jendan and Sunnie were in the clear. Good. I pushed my face against Kip's shoulder and tried to rub the sauce out of my eye while we waited.

One by one, the other teams trailed in. Kissy and Rusty were next, then Leslie and Emilio. Saul was the first of the solo players to come in, and watching Alys and Summer limp to the finish line made me a little wary.

I wanted to get rid of Kip to ruin his game, but if I was solo, would I ruin my own chances, too? This challenge had been extremely rough on Saul, Alys and Summer. And being at camp by myself for days on end would be rough. I'd have no one to depend on but me.

"Hey," Kip said as I tried to wipe my face on his shoulder again. "Tits or f**k off."

Ugh. Then again, maybe solo was a good idea. Kip still needed to go. It wasn't like he was much help at camp. And I could always go spend my time with Jendan.

"Alys and Summer, you are both up for Judgment," Chip called as they crossed the finish line, interrupting my thoughts. "One of you will be going home tonight."

Chapter Eleven

"Am I attracted to Annabelle? Well. She's beautiful, has the kind of personality I like, and she's na**d around me twenty-four seven. You do the math. I have to keep running off into the woods to take care of business so I don't scare her off with rogue wood." - Jendan Abercrombie, Endurance Island: Power Players, Day 12

It was Summer who went home. We all saw that one coming, even Summer. The look on her barbecue-smeared face was cold with anger. It wasn't personal, though. She and Polly were just better players than Alys was and therefore had to go.

We returned to camp later that afternoon, and I immediately picked up my canteen. I was filthy with grime and reeked of pork and barbecue sauce. I wanted a shower at the waterfall. "I'm going to go get some water," I told Kip.

"Take my canteen, will ya? It's empty," he said, crawling into my shelter. "And my stomach feels like hell. I've got the green apple splatters."

"TMI, dude." Wrinkling my nose at his description, I felt a pang of guilt at his sour stomach. It was because I'd stopped boiling his water. But to be fair, Kip didn't lift a hand around camp, and he hadn't asked if I was boiling his anymore. He just assumed that when I handed it to him, it was drinkable.

It wasn't my fault he was an idiot, right?

I squashed my misgivings and took his canteen, tucking it under my arm with my own, and headed into the jungle. Jendan was at the waterfall, waiting for me, and I had to squelch the little burst of aroused pleasure that blossomed at the sight of his lithe, athletic form rising in greeting. He was just standing up, for goodness sake. No reason for that to make my hormones go wild.

"What are you doing here?" I asked, sliding my canteens off my arm and heading toward the water. The lure of it was impossible to resist, especially being so grimy with sweat, sand, and sauce.

"I wanted to come and talk to you," Jendan said. "I'd hug you for saving my ass out there earlier, but given that we're both naked, I suppose that'd be inappropriate."

"Totally," I agreed, but a blush was rising. So hugging me would be inappropriate? Was it because I'd end up rubbing my br**sts against him? Or would he get an erection? I pondered this as I sidestepped past him, descended into the pool, and headed for the waterfall. I splashed my face and scrubbed at my filthy skin, my movements brisk...

Until I looked over and saw him watching me.

That made my entire body hum with awareness. I ran my hands over my arms and shoulders, unable to stop myself from making the motions a little more sensual than I should have. I wasn't quite brave enough to rub my br**sts in front of him, but my ni**les were erect, a sure sign that I was turned on.

I emerged from the water a short time later, aroused and flustered.

Jendan was still seated nearby and regarding me. "Everything okay?"

I smoothed wet hair off of my face, disconcerted at his question. Had he picked up my attraction to him and was asking about that? That was...kind of awkward. I'd resolved to play this game without romantic entanglements, so I was doing my best to ignore it. I could crush on Jendan after the game. "Of course. Why wouldn't it be?"

He gave me a knowing look. "Are you drinking enough water? Eating enough?"

"I should be asking you that," I mentioned lightly. "Your ribs are starting to show."

He ran a hand along his sides, and my gaze automatically went there. "I'm doing fine. I wasn't lagging behind in the challenge because I wasn't eating."

"Weren't you?" I teased. He flushed a dark red and I immediately felt bad for teasing him about it. "So, bad stomach?"

"Something like that. I had a rough time with the food challenges on House Guests, too. Failed at those in a spectacular fashion." He grimaced. "You saved us, though. I was able to help Sunnie finish up. I don't think anyone noticed us working together."

Or if they had noticed, it just hadn't trickled down the grapevine yet. "Mmm."

His piercing gray gaze fixed on my face again. "But I saw you dropping those leaves, and that isn't like you."

"Isn't it?" Now I was the one blushing.

"You struggled in the last challenge, too. You sure you're okay? Friend to friend."

I hesitated. Part of me wanted to confess my sins. Maybe if he knew I was hatching a plot to oust Kip, he could help me somehow. Maybe elbow-check Kip on the next challenge. But, thing was...Jendan was such a nice guy. I liked him precisely because he was polite and thoughtful. Because he was the anti-Kip.

And I was pretty sure he wouldn't approve of me trying to deliberately get my partner voted out.

So I just shook my head. "I'm good. Just..." I cast around for an excuse. "One of my ankles has been hurting."

"I know a little physical therapy," he said, getting to his feet. "Let me take a look at it."

Hoist by my own petard. "Oh, that's really not necessary-"

He gestured for me to sit down on the rock he'd just vacated. "Give me your foot."

"Jendan, really-"

Jendan ignored my stammering excuses and flicked his fingers, indicating that I should lift my foot into the air. I needed to wiggle out of this, because I was a terrible liar. And as soon as he looked at my perfectly fine foot, he'd see the expression on my face and realize I was lying.

Once I sat down, though, another problem presented itself - the fact that I was eye-level with Jendan's, um, package. Oh jeez. I couldn't sit there and stare at it while trying to figure out a way out of my situation. Swallowing, I lifted a foot into the air and closed my eyes.

Big, warm hands clasped my foot and I squeezed my eyes shut a little tighter. That felt obscenely good. Obscenely. I shivered as his fingers slid over the arch of my foot.

"Where is it bothering you?" he asked.

I had to pinpoint a spot? "Just...kind of, you know, aching, uh, underneath." Mentally, I winced at how stupid that sounded. Underneath. God, Annabelle. Why not paste a big dunce cap on your head.

"Underneath? I thought you said it was your ankle."

"Oh. Um, well, it was, but now it's underneath."

"That's all right." His thumb pressed into the arch of my foot. "Here?"

I gasped, and to my horror, my ni**les got hard and I felt my body respond to that touch. My foot jerked in his hands, and I was pretty sure I was wet between my legs. "Um, yeah, right there." I felt my face turn an even brighter red. Yeah, baby, right there.

"I don't see anything."

I opened my eyes to look up into his face as he stroked his thumb over my arch again. "It's probably nothing."

"Might be a pulled muscle or it could be a bruise if you stepped on something hard. You want me to rub it for you?"

"No," I said quickly, drawing my foot out of his grasp. "I'm cool. Really."

"Okay." Jendan turned and walked away a few steps, and as he did, I saw something that surprised me.

Jendan's c**k was erect.

My eyes widened.

He was erect, and he was magnificent. My mouth watered. Holy shit, this whole 'naked game play' thing didn't allow for many secrets. Jendan headed into the pool as I sat there, dumbfounded, staring at his backside.

Sexy, attractive buddy Jendan had a hard on. For me.

"Um, you know what? I think I should head back to camp and check on Kip," I said, leaping to my feet. "It already feels much better." And I scooped up my canteens, my dirty sneakers, and rushed into the jungle. "Bye!"

Chapter Twelve

"Playing footsies with a hot girl? Bad idea, Jendan. Bad freaking idea." -- Jendan Abercrombie, Endurance Island: Power Players, Day 12

All that night, I thought about Jendan's erection, and my stupid, chickenshit reaction to it.

There were a dozen ways I could have handled it. I could have acted like it was no big deal. I could have pointed it out and we could have had a nice, awkward laugh about it together. I could have admitted my attraction to him, despite the fact that I'd vowed no hooking up in game.

Or I could have caught him by the h*ps and taken his c**k to my mouth.

You know, one of those things.

Instead, I stammered like a teenage virgin and ran away. But I kept thinking about his erection and possible scenarios and my possible reactions to it.

Oh, you're turned on? Me too, no big deal, right?

Erections are normal reactions for guys, right? Don't worry, I'm not offended.

Wow, you really are a grow-er. Now, let's talk game strategy.

Turned on? Want me to take care of that for you?

I squelched that last thought. No more Annabelle the Island Ho. I'd made a promise to myself and I intended to keep it. Still, I could have handled the situation a lot better than I did. I hoped that it wouldn't make things awkward with our friendship.

Sometimes it felt like Jendan was the only person I could depend on in this game. I needed him badly, and not in that way. I just needed a friend, a friendly ear, a scheming partner...and it didn't hurt that he was hung like a bull and sexy to boot.

No! Bad! Stop it! I told my brain. That kind of thinking just led to trouble.

~~ *** ~~

The weather the next day was ominous. Thick gray clouds covered the skies, and the wind was strong and had a bite to it. Despite the ever-present threat of rain, there was a reward challenge, and I was so sleepy from spinning thoughts of Jendan and myself locked in a torrid embrace that I'd been too pooped to give the challenge my all. I gave a little moan of distress when the team in first place - Jendan and Sunnie - won blankets and the team in second - Kissy and Rusty - won pillows.

I'd wanted those blankets. I craved warmth like Kip craved hamburgers. My little shelter sucked on most nights. It didn't keep out rain, or sand fleas, or anything. And whatever shelter it offered was usually hogged by Kip, who refused to make his own. I ended up sleeping half on the sand in my own damn lean-to.

But if someone had to win blankets, I was happy it was Jendan. Oh, and Sunnie. The redheaded woman had freckled a ridiculous amount in the sunshine, whereas the rest of us had baked a few shades darker. She was also extremely skinny, her fake br**sts enormous on her too-lean frame. Despite my help, Jendan's team still wasn't eating as much as they should have.

As I went over for my daily afternoon visit, I pulled a few tapioca roots and brought them with me. They needed to eat, and if I had to go over to their camp and show them how to cook the darn things, I would.

Jendan was waiting in his usual spot, unable to stop the smile from crossing his face as he saw me. "Did you see that? We won!" He grabbed me and pulled my body against his, swinging me around in pure pleasure.

I gasped at the contact of our skin and pulled out of his arms as soon as he stopped spinning me, uncomfortable with my reaction. Why was it when he touched me, I was instantly aroused?

My body wasn't playing fair.

Jendan took a step backward and gave me an awkward half-smile, as if acknowledging the weirdness of the skin-to-skin contact. "Sorry about that. I got carried away."

"It's all right," I told him.

"Did you see us out there?" he said again, turning the conversation back to safer subjects. "We dominated!"

"I couldn't help but see you. You were leaving me in your dust."

He grinned, looking so boyishly handsome that my heart did a little flip. Jendan reached out and gave my arm a consoling little rub that did nothing to ease the blood pounding in my veins. "It's only because you're injured. You'll get the next one."

I shrugged, not really wanting to answer that one. Instead, I held the tapioca roots out to him. "Here. Dinner. You and Sunnie are looking too skinny. You need to keep your strength up."

"Thanks," he said, taking the roots from me. He didn't look too enthusiastic, though. At my raised eyebrow, he admitted, "Sunnie and I are both having trouble choking these down."

Maybe it was my prior time on Endurance Island, but I thought they didn't taste all that bad. "You get used to it. Plus, it beats an empty stomach. Cheer up. We'll probably have a food reward soon."

He closed his eyes and tilted his head back, as if in bliss at the thought. "You know what I would love?"

"What?" I watched him, fascinated by his expressive face. God, those cheekbones. Those lips. I wished I could run my fingers over them.

"Chicken breast and broccoli." He licked his lips.

I was fascinated by that flash of tongue...so much that I almost missed what he said. Then, I giggled. "What the f**k?"

His gray eyes opened. "What?"

I pinched his arm. "You're supposed to be dreaming about things like pizza and hamburgers, you dweeb. Not diet food."

He pinched my arm back, teasing me. "I like chicken and broccoli, thank you. Nothing wrong with eating healthy. What do you want?"

"Chicken fingers," I said promptly. "Smothered in ranch dressing."

"That's disgusting. Ranch is for salads." He straightened and his eyes widened. "Oh man, a nice, big chef salad with vinaigrette dressing. I'd give my right arm for that."

"Don't do that," I said quickly, laughing. "You need it to jerk off."

Jendan stopped and stared at me, all traces of playfulness gone from his sculpted features.

Whoops. "Too soon?"

He glanced around as if looking for a nearby camera (of course there was one nearby. There always was.). Then he looked back at me and stepped in, voice low. "So...I guess you saw that, huh?"

I figured I'd keep going with the light and playful tactic. "Couldn't miss it. Nearly poked my eye out."

"It's just...you know. With the time on the island and stuff..."

I held up a hand. "I've heard it all before. Blah blah haven't had sex in a month, blah blah would happen with any girl." Same spiel that Kip had given me last time after we'd had sex and then he'd never called me again. I'd gotten to hear all those fabulous things on the reunion show, rather than privately from Kip.

Not that it didn't sting to hear them again.

Jendan narrowed his eyes at me. "What are you talking about?"

I tilted my head back, looking up at him. "Excuses for your impromptu boner?"

"I have no excuse. You're pretty and na**d and I like you. I touched you. Wood happened. I'm just embarrassed because I know you're not into me the same way. That's all."

My mouth opened. Dropped a little. Closed.

Jendan thought I was pretty? The sexiest man I'd ever come into contact with thought I was attractive? Not into him? I could barely keep my hands off of him.

God, the timing was awful.

Self-consciously, I ran my fingers through my hair, knowing that it looked like a hot mess of snarls. "It's not that I don't like you, Jendan. It's not like that at all. It's just that...after last time, I vowed that I wouldn't hook up with anyone in game. You know? I don't want anything on camera to be misconstrued as Annabelle the Island Ho again."

"I understand." The look on his handsome face was so, so understanding.

"But if I wasn't, I'd totally be kissing you right now," I admitted. "I've been mentally lusting after you for a while."

"And I'd totally let you kiss me right now," he said softly, leaning in so close that I could feel the heat of his skin against my own.

"You would, huh?" My pulse thrummed in my body, attuned to his presence. I moved a little closer to him. Our bodies were now just inches apart, and I was keenly aware of my - and his - nakedness.

"Just on the mouth," he whispered. "Caress your lips with mine, and then taste you with my tongue to see if you taste as good as you look."

I shivered again.

Abruptly, his expression changed. He examined me, and his hands briskly rubbed my goose bump-covered arms. "You cold? You're always shivering when I see you."

"Well, I don't know if you noticed, but we are naked."

His mouth crooked into a smile. "Should be a cool one tonight. I hope Kip's keeping you warm in that shelter."

I grimaced. "I'm lucky if I get any shelter."

Jendan continued to rub my arms. I didn't know if it was because he thought it was warming me or if he just wanted to touch me. "So...what do you do if you get cold?"

"Um, huddle under a leaf and wait for dawn?"

He thought for a moment longer, then said, "Do you want to stay out here with me tonight?"

I frowned. "Won't Sunnie be worried?"

He shook his head. "She never wonders where I've gone. Half the time, I don't think she even notices other people are on the island. She thinks it's her own private TV show." Jendan chuckled and rubbed my arm again. "I'll drop the roots off with her and come back with a blanket, and we can bunk down. I hate the thought of you freezing and Kip being no help."

"Are you sure? I don't want to be a bother."

"It's no bother at all," Jendan said softly. He leaned in, and for a brief moment, I thought - hoped - that he was going to kiss me. I tilted my face up, half hopeful, half afraid. At the last moment, though, he only tweaked a lock of my stringy, salt-water tangled hair. "Be back in about an hour."

"I'll head to camp and boil water and then be back, too."

"See you soon," he told me, and then turned, heading back to his camp.

I waved, pushing down the ridiculous giddiness I felt. I was going to cuddle with Jendan tonight. Jendan and a blanket. This was my lucky day. With that happy thought in mind, I headed back to my own camp.

The fire was nothing but embers, Kip curled up in the shelter. Swallowing my irritation at his uselessness, I stoked the fire again, gathered some wood, and then put the water on. I tapped my feet impatiently as the sun went down and I waited for the water to boil, but it was finally ready. I poured it into our two canteens - okay, so I was having a weak moment - and then headed to the lean-to and put Kip's newly filled bottle next to his leg. "I'm going to go and see if I can find more taro roots," I told him.

He rolled over in the shelter, taking up more room. "It's dark."

"Yeah, but I'm hungry. Don't wait up."

"Whatever," he said, brushing sand off of one of my woven palm frond mats again. "Did you fill my water?"

"I did. Back later." I headed off without giving Kip another thought. Why think about that guy when there was sexy Jendan with a blanket waiting for me in the jungle?

Mind you, it was a sexily platonic sort of relationship, but I'd still take it.

When I returned to the waterfall safely after stumbling through the dark, Jendan was sitting at our normal meeting rock, the blanket folded in his arms. He looked over at me as I approached, and the sleepy smile he gave me in the fading light made my heart do a crazy little flip. "You came back."

"Of course I did. You have a blanket."

"Figures. I find a pretty girl on the island, and she only wants me for my linens." Jendan got to his feet, shaking out his blanket. "Story of my life."

"That's not entirely true," I said lightly. "I also want your body heat."

"Well in that case, come over here." Jendan said, heading a short distance away from the falls, to the base of the forked tree.

My heart skipped a beat as he approached it. Had he figured out that I'd already found Pandora's Box and dug it up? Was he bringing me here to confront me? Did he want me to share it with him? What if that compromised my game? I realized I was using Jendan's attraction to me and still not being completely honest with him on my end, but I wasn't ready to expose myself (ha, the irony) and risk being voted out.

But he sat at the base of the roots, right where they came together and formed a cradle, and then patted the ground next to him. "Come on."

Oh. Well, now I just felt stupid. And overly suspicious of him, when I was the one being the sneak. "You sure your partner won't be mad?"

"Nope. She's already asleep and will be until dawn. I went back and the fire was out." He grimaced. "Don't suppose you'd share some water with me while you're here?"

I giggled. If I thought my camp was dysfunctional, it was nothing compared to poor Jendan's. At least Kip would tend the fire. Sometimes. "Of course. As long as we're sharing blankets."

He lifted one edge of the blanket like a cape, indicating I should get under his arm. His na**d silhouette was revealed, all lean muscle and tanned skin. God, that looked inviting. It wasn't just cuddling with Jendan - though that had a lot of appeal all on its own - it was the warmth he offered. I hadn't spent one warm night since I'd gotten to the island. Being constantly na**d was chilly, especially at night. Today had been overcast all day, and the wind was up, and I'd never felt truly warm. The offer of that blanket was more than I could resist.

So I slid in next to Jendan, sat down, and let him put his arm around my shoulders. The blanket was long enough that I could tuck around my front, and then we were both cocooned in warmth and shared body heat.

And man, it was nice.

I closed my eyes for a moment, just enjoying the warmth coming off of Jendan, warmth that the blanket trapped against my skin. "This is heaven."

"It is pretty damn nice." I felt him shift against me, his arm flexing. "You warm enough?"

"I think so," I told him, giving the blanket a little tug to pull it closer. "I can't thank you enough for sharing your blanket with me."

"What are friends for?" His hand squeezed my shoulder a little on the word friends.

I was reminded of our conversation earlier that day. "Are we okay with being just friends?"

"Absolutely. I'd never push myself on someone that wasn't interested."

I looked up at Jendan's face in the darkness, unable to make out more than the lines of his jaw and his eyes. "It's not that I'm not interested," I admitted. "It's that the timing is rotten for both of us."

"I know." He rubbed my shoulder, staring off into the trees that rustled and moved around us. "Don't worry about it. I didn't invite you out here to try and take advantage of you." He glanced back down at me, and I saw his face move in a hint of a grin. "I invited you out here because I needed your water."

I snorted and offered him my canteen. "You prince, you."

He chuckled, but still took the canteen from my hand, unscrewing the lid and taking several large gulps. Once he'd drank his fill, he closed it, handed it back to me, and then rested his head against the tree we leaned back against. "Man, that was good. Thank you."

I leaned against him, relaxing a bit. "Glad I could help."

We sat in silence, just enjoying the warmth of each other's body. At least, I assumed that was what Jendan was doing. I couldn't help but notice that my breast was rubbing up against his side, and his big, strong thigh was pressed against my own, his arm around my shoulders. And we were both totally naked.

It made for a lot of distraction, at least on my end.

"You got quiet," Jendan murmured, distracting me. "I'd say penny for your thoughts, but I don't have one. Coconut shell?"

"Nothing important," I told him. Liar liar, pants on fire. "Just trying to think ahead in the game a little."

"Mmm. I was thinking about how strange it is that we're both naked, pressed up against each other, attracted to each other, and yet no one's making a move."

I laughed. "Okay, you caught me. I was thinking the same thing."

"So it's not just weird for me? Good."

"I don't know if 'weird' is the right way to phrase it. Maybe 'extremely, extremely platonic' is," I teased. "I don't think I've ever had such a platonic relationship."

"Lucky me," he said dryly.

I laughed at his disgruntled tone, my hand automatically going to his knee. Just that small touch sent a charge straight through my body, and I gasped to feel his warm skin against my fingers. Okay, I was not doing so good with this whole 'platonic' thing. Unable to help myself, my hand slid a little higher up his thigh, exploring his muscles. I heard him suck in a breath and looked up into the darkness at his face. He was gazing down at me, his expression intense.

We shifted a little closer. My breast pressed against his arm, and a little sigh of contentment - and, okay, arousal - slipped out of my throat.

"You good?" he asked, voice husky.

"I'm awesome," I said. "Never felt better." And it was true. There was sand between my toes, and the remnants of a sunburn fading on my shoulders and I hadn't washed my hair in over a week. I felt great. Sitting next to Jendan, cuddled under a blanket, I could honestly say that I was utterly content.

And, okay, starting to get turned on.

For one, he had big thigh muscles. Big, rock-hard thighs, and I felt them flex every time he shifted in his seat. His arm occasionally moved, and my breast would brush up against it. My ni**les were aching with the need to be touched, but I closed my eyes and tried not to think about those sorts of things. Instead, I put my cheek on his shoulder and tried to think about sleep.

"I like being here with you, you know," he murmured, and his voice was so husky and deep that a shiver rippled through me.

"You do?"

"Yeah. You always give one hundred percent. And you're willing to help me out even though I haven't done much to help you."

"It's because you have a blanket," I teased, though I felt a little shaky at his soft words.

"You've been helping me since before that," he said with a nudge, and I opened my eyes to see him staring down at me. "I feel like we're in this together, even though we're on different teams."

And his mouth crooked into that little half smile that sent my hormones racing.

And although it was a terrible idea, I was going to kiss him. I kind of had to. I wanted to know what I was missing out on. The moment was impossible to resist. I leaned in, and as I did, he leaned closer to me. His nose brushed against my cheek, then the tip of my own nose. His mouth was so close to mine that I could smell a hint of coconut on his breath, could see the stubble along his strong jaw, and-

Something crashed through the underbrush nearby.

We immediately broke apart, and I jerked to my feet. "What was that?"

Jendan stood and pushed the blanket into my hands. "Hold onto this. I'll check it out."

Before he could step forward, though, someone pushed through the bushes and stepped into the trees near us. Someone with curly, shoulder length hair and cussed when he stepped on a rock.

Kip. My partner.

I sighed in annoyance, tucking the blanket around my body. Was there no escaping the jerk? "Kip, what are you doing here?"

"I should be asking that, Annabelle. After all, I'm the one you abandoned to come snuggle with the enemy."

I said nothing. I had abandoned him to come and snuggle with the enemy. But the enemy was just so darn sexy.

"Hey man," Jendan said, his tone of voice easy. "Annabelle said she was cold at night so I offered to share my blanket with her. It's no big deal."

But Kip ignored him, stomping over to my side. "I can't believe you," he hissed. "There are other people on this island and you didn't tell me?"

I refused to be guilted by my partner. "You might have noticed if you ever set foot from camp."

"I might have known if you'd have said something," Kip snarled. "Did you ever think I was tired of just talking with you?"

I ignored the stab of guilt I felt. It hadn't occurred to me that Kip wanted to meet Sunnie and Jendan, mostly because Kip was so unpleasant I couldn't wait to get away from him. Maybe he'd have been more pleasant if he was around other people. I supposed we could have pooled our resources...

"Or did you decide to whore your way into a few more allies? Is that why I wasn't invited to hang out?" Kip snarled.

"Hey," growled an angry male voice, and I was shocked to see Jendan step in front of Kip and push him away from me before he could grab my arm and shake me again. "Watch what you f**king say," Jendan told Kip. "Annabelle's done nothing wrong."

"Oh, trust me, I know what I'm talking about. I've f**ked her," Kip said with a sneer. "I know how shitty she is in bed."

Annnnd my humiliation was now complete. I wanted to shrink into the trees and disappear.

"You need to turn around and leave," Jendan said in a soft voice to Kip. He didn't look back at me cowering behind him. "If you keep saying that shit, I'm going to mess your face up with my fists. Understand?"

"Fine, fine, whatever. Just tell my partner," he sneered the word, "that I'd like to have a nice talk with her on the beach when she gets done here twisting you around her finger so you can do her bidding." With one final look of disgust at me, Kip turned and stalked back into the trees, heading for our camp.

Silence fell. I bit my lip, feeling awkward. Jendan continued to stand in front of me, practically vibrating tension, until we could no longer hear Kip's footsteps in the jungle. Then, he turned and looked at me. I was unable to read his expression in the darkness, but it worried me.

"I'm sorry about that," I told Jendan. "Maybe I should have told him I'd found you guys here. I just try not to talk to Kip unless I can help it. He doesn't make things easy for me."

"I see that," Jendan said, tone deliberately bland - too bland. He took the blanket and began to settle it around my shoulders, and I realized I was shaking.

But...it wasn't my blanket, and I knew just as much as Jendan did that those sorts of rewards were hard won, and if others found out Jendan was sharing with me, not only would I be resented, but Jendan would, too. Kip's jealousy could ruin the game for both of us. So I peeled the (warm, delicious, heavenly) blanket off of my shoulders and gave it back to Jendan. "I should go back to camp and smooth things over with him."

"You don't have to," Jendan said, his voice still that same, oddly stiff tone.

But...that wasn't an invitation to stay.

"No, I should go. If I stay out here, it's just going to add fuel to the fire." Reluctantly, I pushed the blanket into his hands. "I'll smooth things out with Kip."

"It's cold."

"I know. I'll be fine. I have a shelter." For what it was worth. I gave Jendan a game smile that he probably couldn't even see in the darkness. "Thanks for trying to share, though. It was a great thought."

"Want me to walk you back to your camp?"

"No, I've got it. See you tomorrow." I waved into the darkness and then began to head back to my end of the beach. I paused, then turned and added, "I'm not using you, you know."

"I know," he said softly.

"Bye."

Jendan didn't follow me, and I headed off into the darkness alone. Now I had to go and soothe the ruffled feathers of the partner I didn't want until I could boot him off. The next challenge would be a Judgment challenge, at least, and I planned on throwing it. No playing around this time. I was going to do whatever it took to ensure that Kip and I ended up on the bottom. Then, all it would take would be a few innocent, veiled comments about how strong Kip was and everyone would vote for us, thinking my partner was a threat...and then he'd be gone.

I just needed to put my plan into action before Kip opened his big fat mouth. Again.

When I got back to camp, Kip was hogging my shelter. I sat on the edge of the woven mat I'd made and looked at him. "Kip, do you want to talk?"

"No," he said, voice sulky.

I sighed. Time to stroke his ego. "You know you're the strongest, most dangerous guy in this competition, Kip." Gag me. "I was just chatting with Jendan to try and get information out of him and his partner."

"That didn't look like chatting to me. It looked like I interrupted make out point."

Okay, so that wasn't too far off the mark. I didn't argue, just tried a different tactic. "It's all strategy."

"Did you ever think that maybe I wanted to spend time with that hot redhead? Snuggle under her blankets? But no, you're selfish."

My jaw dropped. So Kip wasn't mad about anything other than he didn't get to cozy up to Sunnie? I threw my hands up in disgust. Trying to talk to Kip was like hitting my head against a brick wall.

I just couldn't please anyone tonight.

As if the island gods were watching, the skies opened up and began to pour, raining down on me.

Naturally. Everyone was crapping on Annabelle Tucker today.

Chapter Thirteen

"It took everything I had not to punch Kip straight up into his smug, shitty mouth. The only thing that stopped me was knowing that if I did, I'd be removed from the game and his ass would still be here, tormenting Annabelle. It's rough when you can't defend your girl." - Jendan Abercrombie, Day 14, Endurance Island: Power Players

The next day, there was a tiny, red, rolled-up note in our team mailbox. Kip trotted over and showed it to me while I sat, curled up on a rock in the sun and tried to get warm.

It had rained buckets last night. Rained so hard and so long that what little we had was soaked, and the shelter had fallen apart. The temperature had dropped and this morning it still felt chilly. Our fire was nothing but an ashy puddle - it was the first time it had gone out since we'd gotten here. Our wood was soaked, so there would be no new fire until we could get dry tinder.

With no fire, no clothing, and no shelter, I couldn't get warm. My teeth chattered and my skin felt like a million raised goose bumps. Over and over, I thought of Jendan and his thick wool blanket. God, why had I returned to camp with Kip? I must have been three kinds of stupid.

At least today would be a Judgment challenge. Then, it was goodbye to Kip.

My partner came and sat next to me on my rock, blocking out my sunlight. I glared at him, but he ignored it, focused on unrolling the red note.

"What's that?" I asked.

"Team mail," he said, his eyes scanning the message.

"You going to read it aloud?" I tried - and failed - to keep the annoyance from my voice. "Seeing as how I'm part of this team?"

"Oh, are you? I wasn't sure after last night's little escapade."

I rolled my eyes. Bitter, party of one. "I came back, didn't I?"

"Not of your own volition."

He had a point. "Just read the damn thing aloud, will you?"

Kip finally did. "It's been two weeks, but you're not done / Many teams will leave as we narrow down to one / Pack up all your things and wait for pick-up / Today's not a challenge, but a mix-up."

I looked at Kip in horror. "A mix-up?"

"Yeah. Sounds like they're mixing up the teams?" He looked over at me and smirked. "I can't say I'm sorry to be rid of your ass. You've sucked in the last few challenges."

Because I've been trying to get rid of you, I wanted to retort, but bit my angry words back. A mix-up was not good news. My Pandora's Box secret word only allowed me to vote off my partner, and I'd desperately wanted to use it on Kip.

If Kip wasn't my partner, that was really going to mess up my game plan.

I was silent as we packed up what was left of our sad little camp. Most of our lean-to had washed away in the rain, but I'd woven a few mats and wanted to take those with me. I folded and tucked them under my arm as Kip grabbed his canteen and his sneakers. Other than that, we had nothing. We hadn't won rewards to take home with us like some of the others had. Our cook pot and our machete stayed at camp for whoever came next.

Of course, with my lousy luck, I'd probably be the one coming back to nothing but a sludgy lean-to and Kip would get to go someplace with tons of goodies.

I tried not to think about that.

~~ *** ~~

A short time later, everyone was lined up on the challenge beach. Instead of our normal row line-up that we did, marked rectangle woven mats were labeled with our team numbers, and we had to go stand on ours. I looked down the line at who remained. Jendan and Sunnie were at the far end of the beach - Team two. Kissy and Rusty - Team four - were in the middle. Two loners - Saul of Team five and Alys of Team six - stood on their mats by themselves. To our left was Leslie and Emilio of Team seven, and Kip and I were at the end of the line on our Team Eight mat.

Ten people left.

Chip stood on a platform opposite us, clean and fresh-seeming despite the foul weather. He ignored the cameras circling around and adjusted the lid on a woven basket on a stool at his side. As I watched, production people put new, colored mats out in a line a short distance away. Five of them - that told me we were all still going to be on two man teams. We were still five men and five women, so I wondered if we'd be matched up randomly or if they'd assigned us again. Neither would surprise me.

People began to whisper as production crews then walked to the colored mats and began to place baskets on each mat. The red mat got a small basket. The yellow mat on the far end got an enormous basket. Green, purple and blue had baskets somewhere in the middle, and I wondered what those were for.

"Do you think that's food?" Kip asked me, and my mouth watered at the thought.

I shrugged. "Your guess is as good as mine." I hoped so. Our island was running low on taro and I was getting tired of coconut.

Chip clapped his hands together and then rubbed them, a sign he was about to begin speaking. A production assistant rushed forward, clipped his microphone to his collar, and then rushed away again. Chip ignored her. "Welcome to today's mixer. I'm sure you're all wondering what's going on." At our silence, he continued, the broad, toothy smile on his tanned face. "It's time for a little change-up in how things are working. We're going to be drawing for new partners."

A muffled groan rose up from where we stood. I didn't know who groaned, but I felt the same way. I should have been excited to get rid of Kip, but I was just annoyed that it was going to mess up my plans to get him booted.

Chip pulled off the lid of the basket and pulled out two burlap baggies, one marked "MEN" and one marked "WOMEN". "You're each going to draw from these bags," he said, holding them out. "The color rock that you pick will tell you what color mat to go to. The person on that mat with you will be your new partner. And since we're not totally heartless -" he paused for a weak chuckle from us - "we're giving you lunch. One of the mats has an amazing picnic lunch. One just has a coconut and some water. The others have something in between. You'll take your lunch, your partner, and then go back to your new camp and I'll see you again in a few days for the next challenge. Everyone understand?" At our nods, he jumped down from his platform and headed toward Jendan and Sunnie's mat. They carried their prized blankets. Someone would be glad to have them on their team.

My stomach gave a nervous twist as I watched Jendan reach into the men's bag. This could totally mess up my game.

Jendan pulled his hand out and showed us the blue rock he'd drawn. His gaze flicked to me and then he strolled across the sand to the blue mat and crossed his arms, waiting.

"Jendan's our first new blue team member," Chip said, then held the bag out to Sunnie. She drew and pulled out a yellow rock, and squealed with delight. "Sunnie's our first yellow team member," Chip said, continuing his recap.

She pranced over to the yellow mat and gave a wiggle of excitement, clearly enthused at being on the team with the biggest basket.

"You don't seem upset to be losing your partner, Sunnie," Chip commented as he moved down to Kissy and Rusty's mat.

"Oh, I'm sad to lose Jendan, but I'm more excited that I'm going to eat," she said, clapping her hands like a little girl.

"It's okay," Jendan called, a smile on his face. "My feelings aren't hurt." He looked over at Sunnie and winked.

I had to quell the surge of jealousy I felt at his affectionate glance at Sunnie. They were just friends. He looked at her as a lazy little sister.

Still, the jealous part of me didn't like it.

Down the line Chip went. Kissy was the next to draw, and pulled a red rock. Her husband Rusty pulled a yellow rock. The pillows were split up between them, each of them taking one. Rusty looked thrilled to be on the yellow team - his wife and Sunnie, not so much. As he joined Sunnie on the yellow mat, he tried to hug her, and she nervously squirmed away. My guess was that her thrill at having the biggest basket was going to fade because now she had the least athletic male partner.

Saul was the next to pull, and he got purple. Alys got purple as well, and she high-fived Saul as she stepped onto the mat next to him. I watched them thoughtfully. Both had been playing as singles and looked far too delighted to have a partner again. They were going to bond simply because they were now paired together, and that meant they needed to be watched closely.

Leslie drew the next rock - green. I was surprised when Emilio, her partner, also pulled green. "Looks like the two of you get to stay together," Chip commented. Oddly enough, Emilio and Leslie didn't look super pleased. They exchanged glances and headed on to the mat together. I wondered if there was some room to plant a bit of dissension between them...if I ever got a chance to talk to them alone. After all, if they weren't working together, it was better for me.

"Well, shit," Kip said under his breath.

I looked over at him, curious. Then I looked at Chip. He strolled over to us, in no hurry. "Well, since we only have one man and one woman left on the two teams that still need to be filled, it looks like there's not much mystery in whose team you'll be on, Kip and Annabelle."

Oh. I hadn't even noticed. I looked over at the mats, and then swallowed hard. Kissy stood on the red mat by herself, and Jendan was on blue...

Jendan was now my partner. My heart did a crazy little leap in my breast, and then dismay swept over me as I realized what that meant. If we lost a challenge, I might have to vote Jendan off to save myself.

Shit. I suddenly wanted Kip back.

Kip dragged the red rock out of the bag Chip held out for him, looking supremely unenthused. He sighed heavily at the red rock in his hand and then went to Kissy's side, so much annoyance on his face that I was rather pleased to see it. Kissy crossed her arms over her sagging br**sts. "Ain't like I'm happy to be with you either, young man."

Everyone laughed. Everyone, that is, except Kip. His face just purpled a bit under his tan, and he glared at the rest of us. Kip now had the smallest basket, and I'd have bet money that it contained a coconut and water.

I couldn't help it. I smiled broadly.

Then Chip was at my side, holding out the near empty bag to me. I put my hand in and pulled out the last remaining rock - bright blue. I showed it to everyone with a faint smile on my face and strode over to Jendan's side. He gave my shoulders a squeeze as I moved next to him, and looked delighted.

I was conflicted. So conflicted. Part of me was so thrilled to be Jendan's partner.

Part of me was horrified. Because if we went to Judgment and lost...what was I going to do?

The answer was obvious, of course. Just don't lose. But that was easier said than done.

Chapter Fourteen

"I can't tell you how happy I was that Annabelle was my partner. Not only do I get to rescue her from that jackass, but I get to be around her twenty-four seven. Which means constantly fighting my attraction to her. She'll have to be the big spoon in the shelter at night, because I don't think I'll be able to not react to her presence. Which makes me so screwed, since we're doing the friendship thing. The only thing keeping my libido in check is how NOT thrilled Annabelle looked to be my partner. What's up with that?" - Jendan Abercrombie, Day 14, Endurance Island: Power Players

The boat dropped Jendan and I off at a new section of beach I didn't recognize. It was an entirely different island, and I mourned the loss of the waterfall. At least I'd gotten the secret word - kere kere - before we'd left. We hopped off the speedboat into the knee-deep water, me carrying Jendan's blanket, and him carrying the basket. A cameraman hopped off with us and kept a few feet away, always filming. I ignored him.

"Well," Jendan said as we walked onto the beach. "Looks like we're starting from scratch."

"Kinda looks like it," I told him, raising a hand to my brow to shield my eyes from the sun as I gazed down the beach. "Do you suppose this was someone else's camp? Maybe they had a shelter somewhere."

"We can check it out," he said, then pointed in the opposite direction of where I was looking. "I think I see a flag in that direction."

I turned and sure enough, there was a patch of blue in the distance. "That'll be where our machete is. Let's go."

After a quick walk, we found the flag, the remains of a nearby shelter that hadn't survived last night's storm, and the crate for the machete and cooking pot. To my surprise, it was intact. "We can take the crate apart and use the wood as part of the base of a new shelter," I suggested.

"Good idea," Jendan said, setting down the basket and opening the crate.

I started forward, remembering the clue to Pandora's Box from before, but when we opened the container, there was nothing but the pot and the machete. No canteens, no maps, no notes. "I guess they didn't leave their map." Or their clue.

"Huh." He dug through the box for a moment, then shook his head. "Not here. Should we head off and find water before we do anything?"

"Let's check what we have in the basket," I suggested. I was starving, and the thought of food sitting right there, just waiting for us to eat, was enough to make my shrunken stomach do flips. "Maybe we'll have enough to last the day."

"Here's hoping we got something better than coconut and water," Jendan told me as he undid the latch on the lid. We pried it off...and gasped.

Inside was a jug of fresh drinking water, a small round loaf of bread, some cheese, and a couple of grilled chicken br**sts. A few pieces of bright, juicy fruit rounded out the meal.

"Oh my God," I moaned, dropping to my knees next to the basket. "If this wasn't the big prize one, I can't imagine what was in it. This is amazing."

"I could cry," Jendan said with a laugh. He picked up the water jug. "And look. We can keep this and use it over and over again."

"Perfect," I exclaimed, thrilled. I couldn't have asked for better. "Let's put the blanket down and have ourselves a picnic, shall we?"

"No," Jendan said, and his hand grabbed mine, stopping me. I looked up at him in surprise and he gave me a sheepish look. "If that blanket touches the sand, we'll never get the sand out."

"Oh." I quickly wadded it back up again and clutched it in my arms. "Sorry about that."

"Don't be sorry," Jendan said. "It's your blanket now, too. We're sharing everything."

Hearing those words reminded me of the shit we were in. Jendan and I were team-mates. What should have been amazing was now just bothering me with its potential for failure. Ever since I'd started the game, I'd planned on voting out my partner.

Now, Jendan was my partner. And to make matters worse, I was uncontrollably, irresistibly attracted to him. I peeked up at Jendan...and realized he was gazing back down at me in a not-entirely-platonic sort of way.

"So," Jendan said. "Should we talk about this?"

I juggled the blanket in my arms, pretending that I was trying to keep it from skimming the ground. "It does make things a little weird, doesn't it?"

"I can't say I'm disappointed to have you as a partner. Not in the slightest. You're the person I like best out here. You work hard, both in and out of challenges." His smile curved. "At least when your foot isn't hurting you."

Boy, that was going to come back to haunt me, wasn't it? I gave him a faint smile. "I'm just worried about going to Judgment. What if we go and one of us has to go home? That will be..." I swallowed. "Really bad."

Really, really bad, because I knew it wouldn't be me going home. And I didn't want to do that to Jendan. I was stuck.

"We just won't think about that," Jendan told me. "We'll just go into every challenge and kick ass."

"Oh sure," I said, unable to keep the teasing out of my voice. "Why didn't I think of that?"

He just gave me that sexy smile that made me regret my no-romance vow.

Hard.

Blushing, I looked over at the pathetic shelter. "After we eat, we should probably work on that, right? So we have someplace warm to sleep tonight?"

"Yup." He looked over at the shelter, then back at me again. "Are you feeling weird about the whole you-and-me thing? Being attracted to each other?"

"A little," I confessed. "It wasn't so bad before because it wasn't like we were around each other constantly. But now..."

"Now it's a little more difficult. Yeah." Jendan thought for a moment, then pulled me against him in a one-armed hug. "We'll just have to touch a lot so neither of us freaks when the occasional contact happens."

That...was either the best idea in the world, or the worst. "We're still sticking with the plan, right? Just friends until the show's over?"

"Just friends," Jendan agreed, and squeezed my arm again in a thoroughly platonic way that made me wish that I wasn't so intent on sticking to my guns.

~~ *** ~~

Once we'd eaten our fill, we put the rest in our cooking pot with the lid on tightly so it would stay decent for dinner. Then, we set about to making our shelter all over again.

It was so nice to have Jendan as a partner. He worked hard, and when I made suggestions, he didn't sneer or look at me like I was crazy. We worked together well, and by the time sunset rolled around, we had a platform a foot off of the sand and covered with a thick, slanting lean-to of palm fronds. For the floor of the shelter, we'd used the box lids and covered them with even more palm fronds, and the result was the most comfortable bed I'd had in two weeks. We crawled under the blanket, finished the last of our chicken and fruit, and then laid back and stared up at the brilliant stars overhead.

It was like an entirely new game.

Well, almost. I still had Pandora's Box hanging over my head. And I had my attraction to Jendan that I was desperately fighting.

Even now, we laid under the blanket, our bodies so close that our thighs were touching. My hand accidentally brushed his, and then the next thing I knew, our fingers were intertwined, and we were holding hands and staring up at the sky while under a blanket, naked.

Man, I hated being platonic.

"I'm glad you're my partner," he murmured, and I felt his thumb caress the back of my hand. "Now we don't have to sneak around to talk to each other any longer."

"I'm glad too," I lied. I was still torn about Jendan being my partner. It was like having temptation smacked right in front of my face at all times. It had been better strategically to have Kip as a partner, because I would have zero qualms about ruining his game.

I'd feel massive guilt over ruining Jendan's game, though.

His thumb continued to slide over the back of my hand, distracting me from my dire thoughts. It felt light and ticklish, but in a good way. My ni**les reacted, hardening under the blanket and I felt my pulse begin to thrum. My body always reacted to Jendan's nearness, but today it was impossible to ignore him. I glanced around for the cameraman, but he was nowhere to be seen. Was he on break? Out for the night?

It didn't matter; we weren't being watched. I could do what I wanted.

I pulled my hand from Jendan's and rolled over on my side, facing him. His gray eyes met mine in the darkness, and we just stared at each other for a long, long moment. I knew he wasn't reaching for me because he wouldn't make the first move - not without getting an okay from me first.

And I wasn't sure I wanted to make that leap yet. If I did, there was no going back.

Tentatively, I put my hand on his chest. Oh god, he was so warm. So firm. My fingertips pushed against his pectoral. "So...this is nice."

"I'm glad you approve."

How could I not? Jendan had lost some weight since getting on the show - we all had - and instead of looking emaciated, he just looked taut with muscle. Maybe I was biased, but I thought the man looked delicious. "Can I...explore you for a bit?"

"Of course," he murmured, his gaze intent on me. He hadn't moved a muscle, but I could feel the tension vibrating through his body at my touch. "I have to warn you, though, I'm not hiding anything under this blanket."

I giggled. "No one can hide anything on this show. We're all so very exposed."

"Kinda glad for the blanket right now or I'd be exposing just how much I like you."

"Oh?" My cheeks heated. "It wouldn't be anything I haven't seen before."

He laughed. "Thanks for the reminder that I have a hard time controlling myself."

I grinned, but my hand stroked over his chest, and all of my concentration went there. I looked small next to all that muscle, and it fascinated me. His skin was so warm, and after days of freezing my butt off at night, I was addicted to that warmth. I slid my hand lower and felt him suck in as my fingertips brushed down the flat length of his stomach.

"Now you're just not playing fair," he whispered.

I wasn't. I knew that. But I couldn't stop touching him. My fingers dipped lower, brushing against his belly button. I watched his face to see his reaction.

His eyes closed and he gave a low groan. "Your hands feel so good."

"You feel good against my hands," I admitted.

Jendan's hand went to my waist and he dragged me closer to him. "Then come and put your body against mine."

I gasped as my skin pressed against his. Instead of a small, controlled experiment, it seemed all of his body was touching mine. My br**sts pressed against his chest, my thighs tangled with his, and my hand was trapped between our bodies.

It wasn't the only thing trapped between us. I could feel the hard length of his c**k flat against my belly, like an iron rod.

And Jendan's face was so close to mine that all I had to do was lean forward to press my mouth to his and kiss him. Dazed, I looked at his mouth and then into his eyes. They were heavy-lidded with arousal.

His hand clenched at my hip again, dragging me against him. "You feel incredible, Annabelle. Your skin is like silk."

I bit my lip at his words, said with such intense pleasure that he made my body shiver with need. I shifted and my ni**les rubbed against his chest, making me gasp. My hand went to the back of his neck and I clung to him, my breath fanning against his cheek.

He closed his eyes and leaned in, his nose brushing against my own even as his hand cupped my buttock. I felt enveloped in his embrace, his warmth seeping into my own. He felt so good. His nose brushed against my mouth, and I parted my lips, expecting a kiss.

But he didn't kiss me. Instead, he leaned back and gazed at me. "If we kiss, you realize there's no going back? That instead of just friends, we'd be friends with benefits?"

I stared up at him, my lust-fogged senses having a hard time following the conversation...then it registered. He was giving me a chance to back out.

And he was right. If we kissed, kissing would lead to more snuggling. To furtive make-outs and raiding the First Aid kit for condoms. To people filming when we thought we were stealing kisses, and patching it together to make it seem like I was Annabelle the Island Ho all over again.

My vow to play a tough game so different from my last one would be nothing but meaningless words.

I sighed. "Jendan-"

"It's okay," he said softly, and kissed the tip of my nose. "We'll just huddle together for warmth, how's that?"

"If we weren't in the game-"

"I know." He patted my shoulder. "I understand. I really do. Don't worry about it." He inched away and then pushed a fold of the blanket between us, forming a barrier between our bodies. "There. All better."

My fingers played with the hair at his nape. "Can I take a rain check? Once we're both out of the game, maybe we try again?"

"Of course," he said. "Get some sleep."

Easier said than done.

Chapter Fifteen

"Sometimes, I really hate being in this damn game." - Jendan Abercrombie, Day 16, Endurance Island: Power Players

We totally dominated the next Judgment challenge.

It was clear to me that Jendan and I were the strongest team left. Not bragging, just calling it as I saw it. We'd managed to win fishing tackle a few days ago in a reward challenge and had caught a few tiny fish to give our bodies protein. With that and the fact that we were both young and strong, we blew past the others. The Judgment challenge had been another obstacle course followed by a slide puzzle at the end, and we ended up in first place by a mile.

Sunnie and her partner Rusty came in second to last, and the very last to finish were Kip and Kissy, who weren't working together well at all. Kissy tried hard, but she wasn't athletic, and Kip apparently ragged on her for slowing him down. I knew how that was, and I felt bad for her when she cried all through Judgment.

Of course, it didn't matter how bad I felt for her - I was still voting for Kip.

Jendan was on the same page as me. Not only did he hate Kip, but his old partner, Sunnie, was up against them. It was no surprise to anyone that our vote was to keep Sunnie and Rusty.

It was, however, surprising to me when I saw we were the only ones that voted to keep them. Maybe it was Kissy's tears. Maybe as a team, Kissy and Kip seemed like more of a train wreck and less of a threat. Whatever it was, Sunnie and Rusty lost Judgment.

Their challenge was another fire-making challenge. I heard Jendan make an unhappy noise in his throat and I knew what that meant - Sunnie wouldn't know how to make a fire. Sure enough, Rusty was able to make a fire before Sunnie even figured out how to use the flint and steel.

She was done.

Her eyes pooled up with tears and she gave Jendan a desperate look before she had to leave the Judgment area. As if he could save her. No one could save her at this point in the game.

Unless she had Pandora's Box, and I knew she didn't. I had it. With a sad little sniffle, Sunnie tossed her beautiful red hair and headed down the path, out of the game. Jendan's former partner was gone.

When we got back to camp, the sun was setting. Jendan was quiet, so I respected his mood and went off to the well (which we'd found a few days ago) to get water to boil. I gathered a coconut or two and split them open, then offered him one to eat.

He ignored it and pulled me into his lap, instead, burying his head against my br**sts, obviously needing comfort.

I hesitated for a moment, then wrapped my arms around him, stroking his shaggy hair. "You okay?" There was nothing sexual in the way he held me. It was clear that he just needed me. I ignored the cameraman circling and focused on Jendan. "You want to talk about it?"

"I'm okay," he told me softly. "I just...ever since we got here, I've been protecting her and taking care of her, you know? She's like a little sister to me. And I couldn't help her today. I feel like I let her down."

"It's just a game," I soothed, stroking his hair and trying not to pay attention to how his face was pressed against my br**sts. I fought the urge to shove his face between them and see how he reacted. Bad Annabelle. Bad! "She'll be fine once she sits down and has something to eat and a nice hot shower."

"She knew she was out of her depth here. I tried to make up the slack for her, but she felt bad."

"It's not your fault," I told him again. "You can't play for her. You can only play for yourself."

He nodded, his bristly chin moving against my br**sts.

"And however sad you are about Sunnie, there's no denying that we kicked ass today."

Jendan squeezed me closer. "We do make a good team."

"See?" I teased him. "Just remember that it's a game. Everything that's happening here has nothing to do with real life."

He stilled. "Everything?"

Almost everything.

~~ *** ~~

It was getting harder and harder to resist my sexy partner as the days went by. It didn't matter that neither one of us had showered in weeks, or that our breath probably smelled. We were drawn together like two magnets. If he passed by me on the beach, he'd reach out to touch me. If I came up behind him, I'd wrap my arms around him and press my br**sts against his back.

It was a delicious kind of torture, really.

The more we vowed to be platonic, the more we toed the line. We didn't kiss. We just touched. And talked. And imagined what it would be like after the game, when we'd have all the time in the world to explore each other.

Nights were the worst. Okay, they were really the best, but they tried my resolve pretty hard. As soon as dusk hit, we'd crawl into bed together, under the blanket, and just explore each other's bodies. Not in any particular erogenous zones - he'd yet to touch my br**sts or my sex, and I hadn't touched his c**k - but we'd just stroke arms and legs and necks and hands and feet. I learned all the spots that Jendan was ticklish at, and he learned that I wasn't ticklish at all, much to his disappointment. He'd give my shoulders a good rub instead, and that always made me boneless with delight.

We had to keep the touching under the blankets, though. The moment Jendan touched me, my ni**les would get hard and I could feel my pu**y get wet with need. And when we pressed our bodies together, however platonically, I could feel the thick, hard length of his erection against my skin. We were constantly aroused by the other's presence, but it was an unspoken sort of agreement that we'd do nothing to alleviate that arousal.

And we talked. Lordy, we talked. There was no subject we left unturned, from stories of how we'd both lost our virginity (him: prom; me: homecoming, under the bleachers), our childhoods growing up, and old relationships that hadn't worked out. I told him about my last time in the game and how Kip had used me, and how stupid I'd felt afterward because I thought I'd been in love. He told me about playing House Guests, and the supposedly haunted house they'd left them in, and the other players.

We talked about everything under the sun, and we laughed and joked and had a wonderful time.

Despite being hungry and dirty and na**d and in a state of constant, unfulfilled arousal? I'd say it was the best week of my life.

It was getting more difficult to keep things pristine for the cameras, though. I'd stroke my hands down Jendan's thigh, pleased to hear his muffled groan, only to see a microphone appear overhead and a cameraman show up nearby, filming.

That killed my ardor pretty quick, every damn time.

We still nailed it in challenges, too. Not only did we work well together on the beach, but we worked well together when things came down to the wire. We narrowly missed out on one food challenge, and won another (pineapple and ham pizza). And the Judgment challenges continued to whittle down the playing field. Rusty was the next one to go, an auto-elimination once he was nominated for Judgment and lost, becoming the first member of the jury. His poor wife Kissy wept copiously when he left, as if her heart was breaking. I felt sorry for her, but I reminded myself it was just a game, no matter how heart-wrenching her sobs.

Really, though, things were going perfectly. I had an amazing partner, we kicked butt in challenges, and we were eating a little every day. We'd even made the jury. Things were pretty awesome on Blue Team's beach.

Which meant that something was bound to go wrong, right?

~~ *** ~~

"Welcome to today's Judgment challenge," Chip said as we lined up on our colored mats.

There were only four teams left. The yellow team was completely gone, which left Red, Blue, Green, and Purple. Of those teams left, I was pretty sure we could destroy them all in a physical challenge of any kind.

Which was why it alarmed me when I saw the long, narrow table set up in the challenge area. I gave Jendan a worried look. We'd been eating well the last week or so, but I knew my partner still got squeamish when it came to gutting fish. I did all the fish cleaning to spare him.

For a big, brawny, muscular guy, Jendan had the stomach of a sickly pre-teen.

I buried my worries, crossing my arms over my br**sts and keeping my attention focused on Chip. Maybe I was just thinking worst case scenario. There could be any number of challenges that had to deal with a long, waist high table.

A fleet of production assistants moved to the table, setting covered silver platters in eight spots. Something pungent tickled my nostrils.

Oh dear.

"For today's Judgment," Chip began, an unholy look of glee on his face, "You will be partaking in a number of traditional Fijian dishes."

Hell. I looked over at Jendan. My partner had gone pale and swallowed hard.

"You can do this," I murmured. I reached for his hand and laced my fingers with his, then gave him an encouraging squeeze.

He nodded, but the look on his face didn't fill me with confidence.

"For each round," Chip continued, walking down the length of the long tables. "Each person will have a dish presented to them. They must consume all of the dish. If you do not finish your dish, you are out. If you throw up your dish, you are out." He gestured at the covered trays. "There are eight places here, but only five will move on to the next round of eating. The first two teams to lose both partners will be heading to Judgment. Does everyone understand?"

I began to sweat a little. Jendan could do this. He could. He should be hungry, I told myself. We hadn't eaten breakfast today because we'd been unable to catch anything in the ocean to eat. If he was hungry enough, this wouldn't be so bad.

And if he was awful at it, I'd just have to eat enough for both of us.

Chapter Sixteen

"You should have seen those things. Eyes, man. They still had eyes. Ugh. I get queasy just thinking about it right now." - Jendan Abercrombie, Day 23, Endurance Island: Power Players

"Everyone line up at their places," Chip announced.

I gave Jendan's hand an encouraging little squeeze before we stepped up to the table. He gave me a worried look, and then his gaze focused on his plate. Mine did too, and I tried to imagine the horrors underneath there. Kip stepped up next to me, and as I looked over at him, he smirked and licked his lips.

My heart sank a little. Kip never had trouble with these sorts of challenges.

Chip spoke again. "When I say go, I want everyone to remove their lids. You must finish everything but the containers," Chip instructed. "Three...two...one...go!"

I scrambled to pull the lid off of my plate, pushing it aside and examining the revealed items. There was a great big white bowl in front of me, and in the bowl were what looked like teeny tiny clusters of green grapes. They looked like caviar, almost. The bowl was brimming full of them, too, and I was dismayed at the sheer amount of food in it. Next to the bowl was a coconut half, and in the coconut was something that looked like dirty dishwater.

Ewww.

"For the first course," Chip said. "A Fijian staple called nama - or sea-grapes. In the cup is kava, a traditional alcoholic drink."

I picked up one cluster of sea grapes and popped it into my mouth. A dozen tiny little squirting explosions hit, and I mentally winced - it was like biting into a bunch of bubbles filled with sea water. Gross. I chewed, trying not to think about it, and blanched when grains of sand crunched between my teeth. Wrinkling my nose, I reached for the drink, took a swig, and blanched again. Not only did it look like dirty dishwater, but it tasted like it, too. Now there was even more grit in my mouth.

Gross, but not so bad.

I looked over to see how Jendan was faring. My partner was pale, his throat working hard. He reached for his drink - the kava - and grimaced. If it was possible, he got even paler. Not good.

I swallowed, grimacing at the briny, bitter taste, and then popped another bunch into my mouth. I focused on Jendan instead. If I chewed enthusiastically and tried not to make faces, maybe that would encourage him that it wasn't so bad.

He closed his eyes and methodically worked his jaw, chewing vigorously. After a moment, he held his nose and continued to chew.

Well, whatever worked. At least he was keeping it down. I swallowed another too-salty-too-gritty mouthful and went to work on the next.

Time passed incredibly slowly. By the time I got to the bottom of my bowl, my mouth was dry from the salty flavor, my stomach was feeling a little abused, and the kava was making my tongue numb every time I drank it. I was on my last bite when Chip threw his hands up dramatically. "Kip is done with his food!"

"Here!" Kissy called, and I looked down the row to see her dump the rest of the kava back in her throat.

"Kissy's done with her food! Red team moves on!"

I looked over at Jendan worriedly. He was eating methodically, but slow. I leaned over the table, looking down the line. Leslie and Emilio were eating slowly too, and Alys was doing better than Jendan, but not by much. I tipped back my head and gulped the rest of the kava, ignoring the grit and the numbness it left behind.

"Annabelle is done," Chip crowed.

I pretended to wipe my mouth as I stepped away from the table. "Go faster, Jendan," I whispered, then moved to the bench to sit next to Kip and Kissy. Three people down, two more spots to go.

I clasped my hands together and watched my partner intently. He was trying to eat faster, but I could tell he was struggling. Once you got past the salty squishiness of it and the grit of the sand, it wasn't that bad. Theoretically. But poor Jendan was looking rather pale as he continued to shove clusters of sea grapes into his mouth, chewing. He'd pause, get extremely quiet, then grab at his drink, and then look just as ill all over again.

"Alys is finished!" Chip called. "We have one more spot left! You guys need to pick it up!"

Alys clapped her hands and bounded over to sit next to me on the bench.

I pressed my hands to my mouth, watching Jendan eat. I couldn't see anything left in his bowl, but the others left - Saul, Emilio, and Leslie - were trying to eat faster. Please, please, I mentally chanted. Come on, Jendan. It's just seaweed. You can do this.

As I watched, utterly tense, Jendan grabbed a huge mouthful and began to choke it down, then grabbed his kava cup and swigged it. His eyes bugged for a moment and his throat worked, and I was sure he was going to throw up. Then he gave his head a little shake and flipped his bowl. "Done!"

Chip raised his hands again. "Jendan is the last one to move on!"

I gave a happy squeal of delight and rushed to my partner's side, flinging my arms around him. I didn't care that I was pressing my body against his in front of everyone else - I was just so thrilled he'd soldiered through. "Great job!"

"Just...don't jostle me too much," he said faintly.

I immediately pulled away from him. "Sorry. You did great, though. Really good."

He nodded, hands on his h*ps and took a deep breath.

"All right," Chip said as the plates were cleared. "Red team moves on. Blue team moves on. Half of the purple team -Alys - moves on. The green team is eliminated. Alys, if you lose the next round, your team is out. Everyone that's done, sit down on the bench. Everyone else, let's go back to the table for round two."

"God. Can't we have five minutes to digest?" Jendan said, sounding a little breathless. "I'm still trying to keep the other shit down."

"You can do it," I encouraged. "It's not so bad. The worst part is over, I promise."

He nodded.

Five new covered platters were put in front of us. The pungent smell wafted up again, making my stomach churn.

Under the table, I crossed my fingers that it would be something benign and edible. Come on, Endurance Island.

"Annnd go!"

I pulled the lid off of my platter...and stared.

Something black and sinewy was twisted up in a bowl of liquid. Something with eyeballs and claws and a whole lot of stink.

"What the f**k is that?" Kip asked, aghast.

"This is a Fijian delicacy," Chip said. "Boiled bat."

"Mine still has eyes," Kissy cried out. "We supposed to eat those, too?"

"Everything but the bones," Chip agreed. "First three to finish move on."

I stared down at my plate, thinking hard. I'd given Jendan a hard time about his stomach but...I did not want to eat this. Two milky, boiled eyeballs stared up at me and I wanted to gag.

I hesitantly picked it up by one clawed wing, examining it. "Where do you start?"

Kissy grabbed hers, held it up to her mouth, and crunched into it. Loud.

I winced.

Jendan turned around, bent over, and vomited.

"Jendan's out," Chip cried, raising his hands up again in dramatic fashion. "Annabelle needs to move on if Blue Team has a hope of surviving!"

Shit! I didn't blame Jendan - hell, I wanted to throw up just looking at the damn thing myself. But I had to do this if we didn't want to go to Judgment. As I hesitated, Alys and Kip both tore into their bats, wings flying. I had to do this. Had to. I swallowed hard and broke off a wing, wincing when the meat stretched and pulled. Tough. Ew.

"Sorry, Annabelle," Jendan murmured as he moved past me to the loser's bench.

"S'okay," I said, and shoved one wing into my mouth before I could think better of it. The taste wasn't nearly as bad as the smell. Kind of like chicken, if chicken was...really gross. I closed my eyes and pulled the claw out of my mouth, dropping it back in the bowl.

"Kissy's finished with hers! She moves on to the next round."

I opened my eyes and stared down at the older woman, who was picking at her teeth with a dirty thumbnail. How the hell had she finished so very fast? Next to her, Kip was wolfing his down, and even Alys's cheeks were pouched out like a squirrel's as she desperately chewed.

Frantic, I grabbed the body of the thing and crunched down like I'd seen Kissy do. I couldn't be last. I couldn't. But...that was a mistake. I felt tiny bones shatter in my mouth and that overwhelming smell filled my nostrils. My gag reflex kicked in and I choked. The next thing I knew, I was hunched over and vomiting onto the ground.

"Annabelle is out! The blue team will be going to Judgment with the green team."

I heard a few half-hearted cheers from the people at the table as I wiped my mouth. "Can we stop eating?" Alys asked in a wobbly voice. "Please?"

"Yes. We have our two losing teams," Chip said proudly. "Let's all get ready for Judgment."

I finally righted myself and gave Jendan an ashamed look. I messed it up for both of us. Now, as I watched the looks flicking back and forth between the other contestants, I suspected we were doomed.

When I moved to Jendan's side, he put an arm around my shoulders and hugged me to him again. "I'm sorry," he said. "If I hadn't lost it, we'd still be in that challenge."

"It's not your fault," I told him. "We all have weaknesses. Ours is just...food."

I didn't blame him, either. He had a weak stomach and had still made it to the second round. I prided myself on how hard I was playing, and I still puked like a fool. No one to be blamed but myself, all because I'd rushed.

We waited in the hot sunlight while the production crews set up the Judgment area. Out came Chip's podium, the benches, and the bushy greenery that was set up to make it look like an honest-to-goodness jungle set. Off to one side, the voting booth was set up, and camera-men took their places as we sipped water and waited. That was the thing about filming reality TV. On the actual show, it looked instantaneous. Out here, it took them a good hour to set up, and that was an hour that we had to stew on what we'd done wrong.

It was also an hour in which everyone else got to plot with their partners. I glanced over at Kip and Kissy, and their heads were together, talking low. Ditto Saul and Alys.

Only two teams could vote this time, so a split vote would mean a tie. If it went to a challenge, I was confident we could beat Leslie and Emilio...as long as we didn't have to eat anything else. But I had a sinking feeling in my gut. Leslie and Emilio weren't the strongest team. Emilio was in shape, but Leslie was older, cranky, and tended to be one of the slowest ones on an obstacle course. Meanwhile, Jendan and I were both fast and strong. Other than this challenge, we'd done well in almost all of them.

If it was me voting, I'd vote for us because we were more of a threat. Which didn't fill me with confidence.

"You look worried," Jendan said to me, wrapping his arms around my shoulders and hugging me from behind. Even though we were nude, it didn't feel weird to me. "It's going to be okay, whatever happens."

"I am worried," I admitted. "There's no reason for them to keep us strong."

"What about Kip? Will he vote to save you?"

I looked over at my old partner. Good ol' Kip. He had a shit-eating grin on his face and kept looking over at me, leering. "Something tells me that's not going to happen."

"Then we'll go to a challenge," he said softly. "And may the best man or woman win. I won't hold it against you if you win. We all have to go at some point, and it'll be fair and square."

Except I had my secret word from Pandora's Box - kere kere - and I wouldn't make it fair. I could automatically oust him.

Or I could just not use it and go head to head with my stronger, more athletic partner. And then I'd go down as the dumbest player on Endurance Island twice in a row.

I was screwed no matter which way you looked at it.

"All right," Chip said, and pointed at the benches next to him for the Judgment nominees. "Everyone take your seats."

Jendan and I moved to the bench and I felt awkward sitting in the front instead of in the back. I didn't like being up for Judgment. Not one bit. It felt intensely vulnerable, and I wondered if this was how Alys had felt with her neck on the chopping block so many times.

"It's time for Judgment," Chip said, clutching the edges of the podium and leaning forward ominously. "Up for nomination are the Blue team and the Green team. We'll start with the Blue team. Why do you think you struggled so much with this challenge after dominating all the others? Jendan?"

My partner looked over at me, and then at Chip. He shrugged. "I think our stomachs are used to coconut, taro and water and little else at this point," he said. "A food challenge should have been awesome, and instead, we just couldn't keep it down. I know I'm disappointed."

"Annabelle," Chip said, turning to me. "This is your first time up for Judgment. Does that make you one of the strongest players left in the game?"

Internally, I winced. Way to point a bulls-eye on me there, Chip. "I don't know about that. Strongest, no. Maybe one of the luckiest. And I can't be that strong if I'm up here now." I gave him my sunniest smile. "Right?"

"Yes, but you've made it this far. We're past the halfway point."

I simply shrugged. "I don't see myself as one of the strongest players, no. Look at Kip and Kissy. They're definitely stronger. Kip's never been to Judgment at all, and Kissy destroyed all of us in that challenge."

Their eyes narrowed at me and I continued wearing my angelic smile. How ya like that target? In theory, it was a bad idea to call out another team, but I knew they weren't going to vote for us anyhow.

Chip turned toward the Green team. "Emilio? How are the team dynamics with you and Leslie? Are you struggling or working well together?"

"Struggling," Emilio said flatly. "Leslie wants everything done her way on the beach. Which is fine for a while, but when you don't catch any food and you have to sleep in the sand, it gets old, Chip."

"If you would listen to what I said," Leslie said tightly, "then we wouldn't be sleeping on the sand."

Emilio just rolled his eyes and looked at Chip. "What did I say? Unless you do things her way, she'll make you miserable."

"Leslie, do you think you're being unreasonable?"

"Of course not," she said, crossing her arms over her bare br**sts. "I just know I'm right, and I refuse to waste time with his silly ideas."

Emilio rolled his eyes again.

"Well. With that, it's time for our teams to vote. Red team, please proceed to the voting booth."

Kip and Kissy got up, proceeded to the booth, and wrote on a slate. They didn't even look as if they'd debated it. Next, the Purple team - Alys and Saul - went to vote. Again, there was little debate.

Yeah, we were doomed.

Once both teams were seated again, Chip hopped down from the podium and went to retrieve the slates. He returned to the podium, picked up the first one, and looked at us grimly. "I'll read out the votes. These are for the team you wish to remain in the game." He flipped around the first slate. "One vote for the Green team."

No surprise there. I watched Emilio and Leslie exchange looks.

"Second and last vote - Green team. Green team, you are safe."

I glanced at Jendan. He didn't seem surprised by the results either. We'd known we were screwed the moment we lost the challenge.

Chip turned to us. "Blue team, this means you have been Judged. Now, you will compete against each other to determine who will stay and who will continue on in the game. Do you have anything to say before we proceed?'

Jendan looked at me, a faint smile on his face. "Just that Annabelle was the best partner a guy could ask for. I'm sad that we're parting today, but happy for whichever one of us moves on."

A knot formed in my throat. Jendan, why do you have to be so darn awesome? It was just going to make things that much harder.

"Jendan's a great partner, too," I said, somehow managing to keep my voice steady. "Whatever happens after this, we had a blast together." I held my hand out, and he clasped it with his own and gave me a comforting squeeze.

He didn't hate me...yet.

"All right, then. Before we get to the competition," Chip said. "Have either of you found Pandora's Box?"

"Not me," Jendan said.

I licked my lips. This was the moment. Did I want to do this to Jendan? Annabelle's the best partner a guy could ask for.

That was about to change. I thought about all the ways the game would change for me after this moment. If I didn't use Pandora's box, I'd be an idiot. If I did, I'd be a bitch and ruin a fledgling relationship.

I thought...and thought. And thought.

And then, hating myself for what I was about to do, I spoke up. "I found it."

Jendan looked at me with surprise. "You did?"

I felt like such a bitch. Resisting the urge to cry, I nodded and kept my gaze focused on Chip. "The secret word is 'kere kere'."

"That is correct!" Chip said.

Jendan just stared at me.

"Since you have the secret word, Annabelle, that offers you automatic protection in a Judgment challenge. This means that your partner automatically exits the game without going to the challenge. Is this what you want to do?"

It wasn't what I wanted to do...but I was low on choices. My lower lip trembled and I felt the urge to bawl. I dug my fingernails into my palms to keep my shit together. Kip was still in the game, and I didn't want to leave until he was finished. "It is."

"All right, then. Jendan, you have been Judged and are now officially our second member of the jury. Please get your things and leave the game."

I gazed down at my knees, unable to look Jendan in the eye as he silently picked up his canteen and headed off on the hastily constructed stone walkway that led out of the Judgment stage.

No one said anything. The stage was utterly silent.

"We're down to seven," Chip said in an ominous voice. "Big moves are happening, and this just shows that if you think you're safe, you're wrong. Everyone head back to camp."

Numb, I picked up my canteen and headed out with the other contestants as we waited for the boats to take us back to our camps. No Jendan. No sexy, laughing partner to help me get out of my funk. No tall, delicious guy to cuddle with tonight. No hope of picking things up after the game, either.

I'd selfishly cut him off at the knees so I could keep playing. Hadn't even given him a chance. I glanced at the other contestants, and they were giving me curious looks. It was clear everyone was surprised that Pandora's Box had shown up. My partner, most of all.

When I got back to camp, my fire was out. Half-heartedly, I picked through the coals with a stick, looking for one I could encourage back to life, but it all looked dead. Figured. My stomach ached after the challenge, and I knew I should have eaten something, but I just crawled into the shelter and pulled the blanket over my body.

Jendan's blanket.

A sob escaped my throat, a big, ugly, sob. I'd wanted to vote Kip out, not Jendan. Kip, who'd dicked me over in the last game, was still here, while Jendan, who I found myself incredibly attracted to, I'd had to betray. It wasn't fair.

I clung to the blanket and sobbed myself to sleep. I don't know if I was more upset that Jendan was gone...or that he was going to think I was using him the entire time to get ahead. How could he ever trust me after what I'd just pulled?

Chapter Seventeen

"Remember what I said about hating that I was still in the game? Be careful what you wish for and all that." - Jendan Abercrombie, Day 24, Post-Judgment Interview

Being alone on the island sucked. Bad. I woke up stiff and sore and hungry as could be. My water was gone, and my fire was out. I had to gather wood, make a fire using Jendan's flint and steel, get water from the well, start it boiling, and then try to gather food to feed myself. There was no one to talk to. It was just me.

It was depressing as hell.

I moped at my campfire for hours. I was hungry and thirsty, but I just kind of lay next to the fire in the sand, thinking about Jendan.

Was he back at the loser lodge right now eating his fill and telling Rusty how I'd betrayed him? Was he furious? I thought of his smile, and how I'd loved to cuddle with him in the shelter. I thought of the way he made me laugh, and how he was always helping around camp. He'd been an awesome partner, and I'd screwed him out of his chance for a million dollars.

I already missed him.

I'd also destroyed any hope of us getting together after the game, and that was the thought that kept crushing my spirit. I liked Jendan. So very much. I knew that whatever hope we'd had of seeing this thing past flirtation and a few stolen cuddles was gone.

Blinking back more tears, I shoved another log on the fire.

"So, uh," someone said.

I sat up and looked around, and there was a cameraman nearby filming me as I laid on the beach and wallowed in my misery.

He nodded back at the trees. "We're not supposed to coach you guys or anything, but I'm told production's been waiting a few hours for you to check your camp mail and they'd really like to hurry things along."

"Oh." I got to my feet, brushing sand off of my body. I was pretty sure it said nothing good, so I didn't get excited. Was this another back to back challenge? I didn't think I had the strength in me today for another Judgment.

I was just too sad and lethargic.

Sure enough, there was a rolled up note inside the red chest. I opened it and read silently.

All colors are bright under the Fiji sun - gather your things - all teams have become one.

Another shitty poem, and reading it just made me more depressed. My lower lip trembled, and I sniffled hard to hold back the tears.

If I'd just held on in that challenge, Jendan and I would have made the merge together. One more day was all I'd needed.

And I blew it.

I wiped my nose, trying to pull myself together as I headed back to my lonely camp. I didn't want the others to see me cry.

~~ *** ~~

Two hours later, I stepped off the boat at an old, familiar campsite - my first one, with Kip. Six others were already there, talking excitedly and hugging each other. There was a big woven basket in the center of the group with a lid on it. "Here," one of the production people said and held out a key to me. "Take this with you."

I took the key she offered me and jumped off the side of the small speedboat, then began to swim for shore. I headed toward the others, dreading this. Now I had to fake a good mood so they wouldn't see how upset I was over Jendan leaving the game.

As I emerged from the water, I pasted a cheery smile on my face and waved the key in the air as I arrived. "I hope this party didn't start without me!"

The others surged forward to hug me, and for a moment, things were awkward. We'd been na**d for so long that we tended to forget about it, except at times like this. I'd been on the beach na**d for over three weeks now, and I was finding I no longer cared who got a look at my hoo-ha. Modesty had left somewhere around week one. Nudity was quickly forgotten as we hugged and greeted each other. It was day twenty-seven - almost a month into the game - and we were just now getting to really meet each other for the first time. Seeing each other at challenges wasn't the same as having real conversations with people, and my gloomy spirits lifted despite my funk.

Kissy clapped her hands together like a child, her face lit up. "Can we see what's in the basket now that we're all here?"

"Sure," I said, handing her the key.

Kip snatched it before Kissy's hand could touch it and he grinned. "I'll do the honors."

"Oh," Kissy said, looking abashed. "Sure."

Why couldn't Kip have gone instead of Jendan? For a moment, a surge of anger coursed through me, directed at Kip's sea-tousled waves of black hair. That absolute jerk. He'd probably been making Kissy absolutely miserable because she wasn't hot or athletic. He was such a high-handed prick that he deserved to be taken down a notch.

I made that my goal, then. I'd started this game with the intent of getting Kip out of here, and it hadn't changed. Come hell or high water, that ass**le was going home before I was.

The basket was full of goodies for the new camp: rice and beans, a bottle of wine for us to celebrate with, and a long, distinctly phallic sausage. There was cheese and crackers and cookies, and at the bottom of the basket, underneath the food, there was an orange flag and some paints, along with a note.

"Decorate your new home," Alys said, reading the note aloud as we stuffed our faces with cheese, sausage, and cookies. "Kick back and enjoy your feast - you deserve it. Today is a day of rest, but tomorrow, the game begins again."

"So Judgment tomorrow, do you think?" Leslie asked. "We just had one yesterday."

"That's what it sounds like," Saul agreed.

"Then we should set up shelter and get a good night's sleep tonight," Emilio pointed out.

I said nothing. I was going to let the others talk things out and observe the dynamics. I was on my own while everyone else was here with a pair. I'd need to watch the dynamics, see where there was a schism amongst teams, and then wiggle my way in.

By the time the new shelter was set up, I had a pretty good idea of how things were working. Kip was bossing everyone around, especially Kissy, who worked hard all afternoon, gathering wood for the fire and stoking it when the flames died down. She cringed unhappily every time Kip reprimanded her - which was often - and it just made me hate him more. Kissy and Kip clearly weren't the best of friends, but she was still following his lead despite his doucheness. That told me that she wasn't good at making decisions on her own. She'd follow the lead of others, but she wouldn't be one to make a big move.

I couldn't use her.

Ditto Alys and Saul. Despite coming from separate teams earlier, they'd formed a pretty good bond. They talked a lot, laughed a fair amount, and looked as if they enjoyed each other's company despite the twenty-something-year age difference. That wouldn't help me.

Leslie and Emilio bickered like an old married couple. That hadn't been an act. And I remembered from the last game that Leslie tended to be paranoid. I wondered if she still was or if she was confident in her place now.

The shelter went up that afternoon, and someone claimed my blanket before I had a chance to protest. By the time everyone had piled into the new team shelter, it was clear to me that I was on the bottom of the pecking order. Everyone slept next to their partners.

I didn't have one. I ended up on the edge of the shelter, hanging off the side and without my blanket.

That was fine. All I had to do was be patient, I told myself. Someone would show a crack soon enough. It was lonely, but I could deal with lonely. Lonely with a million dollars would make everything okay.

As I closed my eyes, I thought of snuggling with Jendan under the blankets in our old, cozy shelter, and had to sniff back my tears.

Maybe lonely and a million dollars wouldn't be okay. Not if it meant I'd lost Jendan forever.

~~ *** ~~

The next day dawned cool and windy, a sure sign we were going to get a mid-afternoon storm. I gathered wood with Kissy all morning. She was a sweet lady, and I really liked her. She was just so genuinely excited to still be in the game. We avoided the subject of Kip, since I didn't feel like talking about him, and I was pretty sure she got enough of Kip on her own time. Alys came and helped us a bit, and the others worked on fishing and reinforcing the shelter for the upcoming weather.

I didn't talk strategy to a single person. I kept my mouth shut and listened, and remained pleasant at all times. Someone would come to me soon enough. And if they didn't, that was a sign that I was the one going home and there'd be nothing I could do...

Except win the challenge, of course.

"We've got mail," someone shouted.

Kissy and I hurried with our firewood back to the beach. Saul stood there, Kip at his side, and they were examining the note. I'd noticed that the two men had paired up immediately, and I didn't like it. Saul plus Alys plus Kip plus Kissy equaled winning numbers. I had to break that up.

"Challenge this afternoon," Saul announced. "Here's what it says: Today's Judgment challenge is simple - last one standing wins."

"That doesn't help us very much," Leslie pointed out.

"Maybe they got tired of silly rhymes," Kip said, then looked over at me thoughtfully.

"Maybe," I agreed, and moved to put my wood next to the fire. "We should probably bank this if we're heading to the challenge soon."

Kip nodded, and to my surprise, he came and squatted next to me as I pulled a big log over the fire. "We need to talk later," he whispered. "Post challenge. Last season, they got rid of the reward challenges and staggered Judgment with the actual vote days. We'll have time to form a plan."

I know that, idiot. I played last season. But I hid my dislike. "Okay. We'll talk later."

This ought to be good.

~~ *** ~~

Six hours later

I squatted miserably atop a pole, my arms wrapped around my legs as the rain poured down on me. My teeth chattered as lighting blasted across the sky, but I remained locked in place.

It had been hours since the challenge started. Hours, and my legs were killing me, my entire body was wet and numb with cold, but I held on.

Today's challenge was theoretically simple; we'd gotten to the beach to see seven colored poles in the water, each one topped by a wooden disk the size of a dinner plate. Our task? Stand atop the pole until everyone else gave up.

It wasn't so bad the first hour. My bare feet ached a little and the sun had come out, but it was do-able. Everyone was still up on their platforms while Chip lounged in a director's chair under an umbrella and drank fruity cocktails.

After that first hour passed, though, Chip got up and pulled out a big tray. "Anyone want to jump down for some nachos?"

Kip had immediately jumped, and Saul after him. No one else had moved. We watched with watering mouths as they devoured the biggest plate of nachos I'd ever seen.

An hour later, Chip brought out cake and ice cream just as the skies clouded up and began to drizzle. At that point, Emilio and Leslie jumped. Kissy, Alys and I had to endure watching them lick their fingers and then their bowls as they moaned with delight.

Assholes.

After two hours, my feet were killing me, so I hunched down to balance my weight a bit more. I figured it'd probably be ugly naked, but I also didn't care. Kissy adjusted her balance, trying to copy me, and fell into the water. I could have cried for her - all that standing on the pole and she got nothing to eat.

Now it was just me and Alys. The hours wore past and the storm picked up. The rest of the contestants huddled under a tarp on the beach while Alys and I had to endure the storm on our perches. The wood was slippery and the pole rocked back and forth with the waves, but I managed to stay on.

"Five hours, girls!" Chip called. I barely heard him through the haze of pain that was my feet. My teeth chattered so loudly that I had to hold my jaw shut to hear him. "This is the final enticement. If you come down now, you get this-"

He pulled out a big red thermos.

"Hot coffee."

Alys gave a moan of pain, and I looked over at her. Her thin face was pale, and she was trembling hard. The day was just growing colder, and it was clear that she wanted that coffee bad.

But I was vulnerable if I got down. No amount of food or drink was going to make me leave this pole. If I had to be up there all night, I would be.

She looked over at me. "You going to go for it?" Her voice had a vibrato from her shivering.

I shook my head. "I'm staying."

Alys considered for a long moment. Then, she called, "Does it come with sugar and cream?"

"It can," Chip said. He looked over at production and someone brought out two canisters.

"Fuck it," Alys muttered, and hopped into the water, off of her pole.

I clenched my fists with excitement, my only outward sign of relief. Alys shivered in the water and began to head to shore, and then it really hit me. My knees went weak, and I had to clutch the small wooden plate I stood on to stay in place.

I'd won!

With immunity, I was safe. The three pairs couldn't pick me off - with immunity, no one could vote for me. I watched gleefully as Alys swam back to shore, waiting for the go-ahead to get down from my perch.

"All right, the last one standing is Annabelle," Chip called, and waved me in. "Come down and receive your immunity medallion!"

I didn't hop down as much as I sort of fell into the water, my cramped legs no longer working for me. It took me a little time to swim to shore, and my muscles were aching and I was pretty sure my lips were blue with cold. But Chip put that necklace around my neck - a thick, ropey twine with a big sunburst medallion at the end - and I felt damn good.

Whatever happened, I was here for another three days.

That was for you, Jendan.

Chapter Eighteen

"Being on the jury's not so bad. Nice clean bed, all you can eat...company's kind of shit, though." -Jendan Abercrombie, Juror Number 2, Endurance Island: Power Players

"We need to talk," Kip whispered as I huddled in the shelter, wrapped in my blanket. I'd managed to steal it back from Leslie and had been hogging it all day. I figured I deserved it after freezing my ass off out on that pole all day yesterday while the others had feasted.

I glanced over at Kip, who was poking a stick at the fire and trying to seem all casual. "So talk."

"Not here," he hissed, glancing around. "You should go get some water."

I just stared at him. Really? I hadn't left the shelter all day because I was coming down with a cold. The others had taken care of me for that day - either trying to curry my vote or out of genuine sympathy - while I sniffled and sneezed. Like they'd believe I got a wild hair up my ass and decided to retrieve water for the group.

"Come on," Kip said, casting another quick look down the beach. "Tell everyone you have the shits or something." He got up and stalked away.

I watched him go. No one else seemed to have notice Kip's disappearance. A few people were down the beach, and Kissy was under a tree a short distance away, sitting on a pillow and trying to weave herself a grass skirt.

I guess I had to talk to Kip after all. I sighed and crawled out of my nice warm bed, moving across the group camp to get my canteen.

"You okay?" Kissy asked, concern on her motherly face. She touched my forehead. "You're still hot."

"I'll be fine. Just need to take a walk in the woods." I gave her a weak smile. "Stomach trouble."

She clucked and then returned to her grass skirt. "Take it easy out there."

"I will." I ducked into the trees before anyone else could stop me, and headed down the path to the water well.

Halfway down the path, Kip stepped out of the trees. He glanced over his shoulder, then moved toward me.

"So, what's this about?" I asked, though I could pretty well guess.

"I'll just come right out and say it," Kip said. "No dancing around the subject. You need me."

My eyebrows shot up. Kip was the last person in the game I needed. The last person on earth that I needed. Period. Full stop.

"It's true," he continued, obviously missing my skepticism. "You don't have anyone on your side anymore but me. Jendan's out, and the others are afraid of you."

"Afraid of me? Why?"

"You're a challenge beast," he said. "Must be those big manly shoulders of yours."

All right, I was going to kick Kip in his balls if he said something like that again. "Where is this going?"

"Like I said, you need me. I have Kissy on my side, and I worked a deal with Saul. That's three votes. I'm pretty sure I can get Emilio, too. It's in your best interest to vote with the majority, so I'm letting you in on the ground floor of this thing."

I said nothing. He did have a point - it was in my best interest to vote with the majority. But I wasn't sure he was telling me everything about his plan.

"This is our chance to take control of the game," he said when I was silent. "What do you think?"

"Who were you thinking of voting out?" I asked.

"Leslie," he said immediately, telling me that he'd already given this a lot of thought. "Saul wants to keep Alys for a bit longer."

"I see."

"So, are you in?"

"If I am...who are you taking to the finals with you?"

He looked surprised at my question. Then, he said, "I might as well not lie. I'm taking Saul."

"I appreciate that you're telling me the truth," I said smoothly, not letting my real feelings show. Jerk.

"I'd tell you it was you, but we both know it's not." He smirked. "You probably sealed up Jendan's vote while you guys were alone, and he'll sway Rusty to your side. Cooch is a powerful thing."

Dick! I narrowed my eyes at him. "If you want my vote, this is the wrong way to go about it."

"Look, I'm just being honest with you. I can take you to the final four, but no further. After that, you're not useful to me. Still, fourth is better than sixth, right?"

I pretended to consider it. Inside, I was seething. He wasn't even trying here. He was just throwing me scraps and assuming I'd jump on it, like a scared little girl. "All right," I lied. "I'm with you."

I held my hand out to him. Dry.

He smacked his hand into mine, a gleeful look on his face.

I turned and walked back down the path, choking back a cough. We had six hours before Judgment tonight.

Time to rally the troops.

~~ *** ~~

With my immunity medallion bouncing against my belly, I went down the beach, looking for Leslie. Kip was taking a nap in the shelter, and Saul and Emilio were laying in there, talking about baseball and who would go to the series. It was a hot day and it would only get hotter, so I didn't blame them for hanging out in the shelter...but I also wanted the girls to see that.

Alys was swimming, a fishing spear in her hand. I decided I'd tackle her later. Low-hanging fruit first. I found Leslie and Kissy - the two older women - in the shoals, looking for snails and crabs. "Hey ladies, you got a minute?"

Kissy frowned at me. "Should you be up?"

"I'll be okay," I said, and ruined it by sneezing. I waved it aside. "There's something important we need to talk about."

"Oh?" Leslie's suspicious face lit up. Jackpot.

I moved closer to them and nodded at the shelter on the far end of the beach. "The guys are all hanging out in the shelter while the women work."

"Do you think they're sick, too?" Kissy asked.

Leslie snorted. "Or just f**king lazy."

I shrugged, letting her draw the conclusion she wanted. "Kip pulled me aside and let me know about his plan for the vote."

I watched Leslie's eyes narrow. "Do tell," she said bluntly. "It's me, isn't it?"

I nodded. "Apparently Kip and Saul are working together, and if you're gone, I'm guessing they're pulling in Emilio. Three guys and four girls right now. They're definitely going to get rid of a woman, and I'm safe at the moment." I patted my medallion. Thank god for it. "I was told Saul wants to keep Alys for a vote, which means you're next, Kissy, once they get rid of Leslie. He assured me I'd get to the final four, but no further. Then we'll see those three men dominate all the way to the end of the game."

So I might have thrown a little fiction in there to make things seem more dire. I didn't know for sure that Kissy's number was up, but the shocked look on her face told me I'd made the right call in pointing it out.

"Those f**king cock-suckers," Leslie swore. "I should f**king burn down that goddamn shelter around them-"

"Or...we could turn the tables on them," I said. "None of them are safe tonight. And like I said, we have four women and three guys. We can make a women's alliance and go to the final four together. They'd be sitting ducks."

"I like the way you think," Leslie said. She looked at Kissy, who still looked ready to cry. She nodded.

"We just need Alys, though," I pointed out. "Right now, all we'd do is force a tie." And I didn't trust Kissy enough not to flip if we got down to a tie, because a tie-breaker would probably put everyone in danger. They tended to be random and no one liked to force a tie.

Plus, if we didn't pull in Alys somehow, the guys would.

"Do you think she'll vote with us?" Kissy asked.

"I don't know. I'll talk to her. I'm sure we can figure something out."

"So then, who are we voting for tonight?" Leslie asked.

My smile was utterly gleeful. "The ringleader. Kip."

~~ *** ~~

It turned out that Alys was on board. Or rather, she didn't care about the vote. As long as it wasn't her, she was game for voting whoever off. Sneezing and sniffling through my cold, I regrouped with all the ladies before Judgment and made sure we were on the same page. Kip was going tonight. If something miraculous happened and we needed to vote off someone else, we'd get rid of Saul. I hoped it didn't come to that, because I didn't trust Alys to vote against Saul just yet.

And I didn't trust Kip not to scramble if he lasted three more days. This had to work tonight. It had to.

The speedboat arrived to pick us up from the beach. "As a reminder, no talking," a production assistant droned as we filed onto the boat. Kip winked at me as if we were sharing a secret, and I winked back. Enjoy your last night here, jackass.

Oh, tonight was going to be fun.

Once we got to the merge, the Judgment council area was a little more dramatic than before. Lit tiki torches lined the beach, and we each had our own tiny carved stools to sit upon. Across from Chip's podium was a long bench for the jury, and I felt a funny little quiver of excitement in my belly at the prospect of seeing Jendan again, even though I was pretty sure he hated me at the moment.

We sat in our designated spots, and Chip nodded slowly. "I'll bring in our jury members. Rusty, and Jendan, come in please."

The two men walked in and sat down. Immediately, Kissy began to sob. I heard Kip give a snort of disgust, but I ignored him. I had eyes only for Jendan.

God, he looked good. Clean and fresh-scrubbed, Jendan wore a gray vee-neck t-shirt and a pair of weather-beaten jeans. His hair was trimmed down to his scalp, nothing but a dark shadow covering his head. His eyes looked incredibly gray against his tan. He looked healthy, too, like he'd put on a few pounds. I remembered running my hands over his chest and feeling his ribs the last time.

Just seeing him sitting there made me feel a little weepy, too. I smiled in his direction but his face was carefully blank. My own smile faded. Okay, I guess I deserved that.

"Welcome to tonight's Judgment," Chip said once everyone was settled in. "Tonight, we are voting for the third member of the jury. And tonight, you can vote for anyone except Annabelle."

My nose tickled; I sneezed. All eyes turned to look at me. "Sorry," I said with a sniffle.

"Do you have a cold, Annabelle?" Chip asked.

"Bit of one. It's no problem." I sounded horribly stuffed up, though.

"You were out there on that perch for five hours," Chip continued. "You outlasted everyone. You didn't come down for food, for drink, for anything. How long do you think you could have stayed up there?"

I gave a tiny shrug. "As long as it took to win."

"Why is that?"

Because I'm pretty sure I was going home if I didn't. But I didn't want to remind my fragile alliance that I was playing without a partner here, when I expected them all to turn on theirs. "I guess I just wanted to prove to everyone that I'm here to play."

"I think you did that last time with Pandora's Box."

I smiled tightly. "I guess so."

Thankfully, Chip moved on to someone else and began grilling them. What did Alys think of the new camp? Was anyone not pulling their weight? What was it like to live with so many people on the beach? All the answers were totally cagy, and it was clear no one wanted to show their hand right away. I kept looking over at Jendan, but whenever I did, he was never looking at me, and my heart ached a little. He was probably mad and feeling used.

And I really couldn't blame him. I'd planned on pushing out my partner as soon as I'd opened Pandora's Box. I'd just never imagined that he'd be the partner.

After conversing with each of us, it came time to vote. One by one, contestants headed into the voting booth. When it was my turn, I picked up a slate and some chalk and sucked in a deep breath and closed my eyes. Please, please let everyone be on the same page as me. In big, bold letters, I wrote down my vote.

KIP.

"Screw you," I whispered to the cameras. "This was the entire reason I got back in the game - so I could vote your ass off." Then, I pushed my slate into the vote box and turned around and sat back down. My legs were trembling, and my nose was running, but I couldn't think about anything but the potential of Kip being voted off.

"I'll tally up the votes," Chip said. He returned with the slates a moment later and told us, "As a reminder, instead of voting for who you want to keep, now that we're merged, you want to vote for who you want to leave the game. I'll read the first vote." He paused, examined the slate, and then slowly flipped it.

Kip.

It wasn't my handwriting.

I did a miniature fist-pump. Someone was with me, at least. Now we just needed two more votes.

Another slate turned. "Leslie."

Okay, I expected that. I looked over at Leslie, and she had a lemon-sucking expression on her face that told me that she wasn't happy at all.

Another slate. "Kip." That one was my handwriting. My heart started to hammer nervously. What if there were only two votes for Kip? What if Alys and Kissy had stuck with their original partners?

"Leslie." Another slate. "Leslie."

I began to bite my nails. It was either that, or puke everywhere.

The sixth slate turned. "Kip. We're tied."

I stifled the squeal of excitement in my throat, but not enough. Several people turned to look at me, including Kip, whose brow was furrowed with confusion. He didn't understand what was happening.

Chip picked up the final slate and stared at it. "The third member of our jury..."

He turned it around and showed us.

There, surrounded by the Greek symbol for 'female', was Kip's name.

Yes!

Yes yes yes!!

We'd done it! Ding dong, the witch was dead!

I couldn't resist a small wiggle in my seat as Kip stood up and grabbed his canteen. He looked over at me, dancing in my seat, and a furious look crossed his face. "You dumbass," he told me. "You just sealed your fate."

I blew him a kiss. "Don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out."

"It's time for you to go, Kip," Chip said sternly. He gestured at the path that led out of the game.

Clearly pissed, Kip turned and stalked away, shooting me the bird.

I didn't even care.

Chapter Nineteen

"Call me crazy, but I think Annabelle is running the show out there. Which kind of makes me laugh. She's such a sweet girl, but...don't ever get on her bad side." - Jendan Abercrombie, Endurance Island: Power Players, Jury Interview

The ladies dominated the game after Kip's expulsion.

It wasn't bragging, either. Alys won the next immunity, and from there, we voted out Saul, who was super pissy and stomping around camp once he realized we'd outsmarted him. Emilio was next, and then all the men were gone.

Each Judgment was not a surprise in the slightest. The guys knew their days were numbered, and though they tried to flip things on us a few times, no one was budging.

I'd figured out my ladies. Alys went along with any vote as long as it wasn't her. Leslie was still pissed that she was the target, and was on a vendetta to vote the men out. Once Kip was gone, Kissy seemed to relax and was in high spirits, just happy to be in the game. She fully embraced the whole 'girl power' alliance and spent most of the day weaving us grass skirts and straw hats, and we wore matching gear to each Judgment.

We looked like one big happy family, except we weren't. I was already thinking ahead. If I was going to get to the end, I needed to pull someone along with me. Leslie and Kissy were close friends because of the nearness in their ages, and I often caught them with their heads together. That meant I needed to bring Alys in to an alliance with me.

That wasn't too hard. I just dangled the thought of the final two in front of her and she was along for the ride. Which was perfect, really. Alys wasn't ultra-competitive and she thought she was playing a good game where she offended no one (except maybe Saul). I was the bad guy, masterminding everything, and everyone knew it.

So if we could get to the end, Alys and I could sit across from each other and see who people would vote for - me, because I played hard, or her, because she was an angel.

In the meantime, I was looking for ways to split Kissy and Leslie. If I didn't win the next immunity challenge, I knew they'd be gunning for me. So I watched, and waited.

The day before the next immunity, I found a clue for Pandora's Box in our tribal mail.

I stared at it for a long moment, and carefully shut the lid, leaving it there. According to Chip, Pandora's Box could either be good or bad, and I'd already had good (well, theoretically) so I didn't want to touch it, lest it automatically vote me out of the game. My game was already under control.

It was a calculated risk, but I'd take it. So I hunkered down in the bushes, hiding and waiting to see who found it.

Alys wandered toward the water hole a short time later, and paused at the tribal mailbox, lifting the lid nonchalantly. She stilled at the sight of the note in there, so I had to emerge from the bushes and warn her away from it. It took some convincing, but Alys was easily sway-able and in the end, she walked away and I went back to my hiding spot.

Leslie found it.

I watched her read the clue with excitement, then race into the jungle. I followed a short distance behind and watched, just in time, as she found a particular tree and reached into a hollow, pulling out the tiny red lacquered box. She opened it, dug out a piece of paper, and began to read.

"Shit," she hissed under her breath, then quickly glanced around and stuffed the clue back into the box and into the tree.

I slunk away into the bushes. Bad news. That was all I needed to know.

The next challenge, I won, beating the others in a swimming-and-retrieving challenge. Kissy and Leslie were slower competitors, and Alys was my only real competition. I won easily, and felt proud going into Judgment that night, wearing the necklace so the jury - now comprised entirely of men - could see that I was kicking ass and taking names.

As usual, every time the jury filed in, I cast a longing look at Jendan. He was bulking up now that he was eating regularly, and his muscles were filling out again. The man was ripped. And gorgeous. And he made my girl parts tingle every time I saw him.

He never sent me an encouraging look, though, and I wondered if he was mad at me or if this was simply part of him playing the game.

What I wouldn't have given for just one small smile, though!

Earlier that day, I'd convinced a nervous Alys that we didn't need Kissy on our side to win the vote. Whatever Leslie had found in Pandora's Box wasn't a good thing. Even if we were wrong and it came down to a tie, Alys could beat her in a Judgment challenge. Leslie had been silent all day, except for the occasional snipe at how little work Kissy was doing around camp, and I knew she was trying to encourage us to vote in that direction.

Didn't matter. When it came time for the vote, I wrote down Leslie's name. A short time later, the votes were read, and we had a tie - two for Alys, two for Leslie.

"It's a tie," Chip said ominously. "In the form of a tie, we would normally go to a Judgment challenge. However..." He paused, milking the moment for all it was worth. "I am told we had someone open Pandora's Box. Does anyone want to confess?"

Immediately, I felt the eyes of the jury looking my way. I wanted to yell out, wasn't me! But I kept silent, watching Leslie.

The Judgment area was silent. "As a reminder," Chip said, "We can kick people from the game for not following the rules."

Leslie looked for a long moment as if she wasn't going to speak, then sighed and raised her hand. "Me. I did it."

"And what did it say?" Chip pushed.

Another huge sigh. "It said I would automatically receive a vote at the next Judgment."

I shot Alys a triumphant look. I knew it would be bad news. I glanced over at the jury and found Jendan watching me, a thoughtful look on his face. My heart fluttered. Daring greatly, I gave him a wink and turned back to the other women seated next to me.

"That means you have three votes, Leslie. That's enough. I'm sorry to say that you are now out of the game, and have become our sixth member of the jury."

With heavy feet, Leslie stomped out of the Judgment area.

Chip turned back to the three of us still seated. "You've made it to the penultimate round of the game, ladies. Tomorrow is your last immunity challenge. Whoever wins that challenge decides who sits next to them in the finale. Are you ready?"

I practically bounced in my seat. I was more than ready. I wanted to be done with this.

If I won the next challenge, I could take this entire thing home. With a million dollars in the bank, I wouldn't be Annabelle the Island Slut. I'd be Annabelle, the winner of Endurance Island.

No more waitressing. No more shame of being Annabelle the Island Ho.

And then...then maybe I could talk to Jendan and see if he hated me.

Chapter Twenty

"Annabelle has my vote. Always has. I've given this a lot of thought, and no one else has even come close to playing the same game she has. She's out of their league - in every way possible." - Jendan Abercrombie, Endurance Island: Power Players, Jury Interview

I didn't win the final immunity. Naturally. Fate stepped in, and Alys beat me in a sand-castle building contest. No one ever said I was the most artistic person.

But honestly, sand castles? Come on.

Now, Alys got to decide who would go to the final two. It wouldn't be my decision. Everything was out of my hands for the first time in two weeks and several votes.

I kept my cool, though. When we returned to camp, I let Kissy walk off into the jungle with Alys to make her plea. They were gone for well over an hour, and when Alys finally sat down in the shelter, and Kissy wandered off, I offered Alys a drink from my canteen.

"She working you?" I asked casually.

"Yeah," Alys said, looking frustrated. "It's a tough decision."

"Not that tough," I told her, and pretended to study my fingernails, totally casual. "You know you can't take her to the end, right? It's pretty obvious she'd win."

Alys frowned and looked over at me. "How do you figure?"

I widened my eyes, acting surprised. "Her husband's on the jury. You don't think he's lobbying to get her votes? He's been there the entire time - every time someone's voted off, don't you think he's pointing out how good she's doing? She hasn't made enemies. I mean, other than Kip, and he won't vote for you because he thinks we're working together. Which we are. And you know he hates me."

She said nothing.

I laid it on a bit thicker before letting it rest. "I mean, she's done really awesome so far if you think about it. She's an out-of-shape mom who's managed to make it down to the end. That's pretty impressive, you know?"

"Yeah," Alys said weakly. "If I took you...who do you think would win?"

I shrugged. "It's a toss-up, don't you think? I've made a lot of enemies. Kip, Saul, Emilio, Leslie, Jendan..." God, I hated thinking about Jendan being my enemy. "I guess it just depends on how bitter the jury is."

She brightened. "I bet they're pretty bitter."

Man, I sure hoped not.

~~ *** ~~

"And have you made your decision, Alys?"

I crossed my legs and tried to look supremely unconcerned as I studied the jury one last time before the vote was read. They looked tense. Well, except Kip, who just looked pissy. He was slouched low on his bench, leaning back and making it seem like he was doing us a favor by being there. Everyone else watched the proceedings somberly.

Next to me, Kissy was trembling with excitement. She kept looking over at her husband on the jury and smiling, and I wondered if she thought she had this sewn up? Of course, I thought I had this sewn up, so we both had the potential to be wrong.

Behind us, Alys fiddled with her slate. Since this was the only vote, she didn't even have to go to the voting booth. "I did make my decision, Chip," she said after a long moment. "And talking with my teammates helped. I heard two different arguments, but only one really rang true. So I made the only decision I could."

Slowly, she turned the slate.

Kissy's name was written in a small, hesitant hand. My plan had worked - Alys was keeping me. I was going to the final two.

I couldn't help the smile spreading across my face, even as Kissy gasped and gave me a shocked look.

"Kissy, you are the final member of our jury," Chip said as the older woman got up and headed for the path. She disappeared into the brush and I heard a small sob break out, which made me wince. Poor Kissy. I loved the lady, but neither Alys nor I could beat her at the end, so she had to go. Chip turned back to look at Alys and me. "Tomorrow night, we'll meet back here for the final Judgment, and the jury will have a chance to give their say."

One more night of this. Then, either Alys or I would end up a millionaire.

Alys gave me a beaming smile and I high-fived her. "Final two, like we said."

She nodded. "I'm ready to get this over with."

Me too. I wanted nothing more than a shower, something to eat besides coconut...and a chance to talk to Jendan. I looked in his direction one last time before leaving the Judgment area. Soon, this would all be over.

~~ *** ~~

With nothing else to do but wait for the final tribal council, Alys and I spent the day making grass skirts, bikini tops made out of banana leaves, and wove flowers and green leaves into our braided hair. We'd make it look like a party, even if it wasn't much of one. I didn't know how the jury was going to react to us, but I could guess that it wouldn't be pleasant.

Well, maybe they'd be nice to Alys.

The sun finally set, and the speedboat arrived to take us to the final Judgment. Nervously, I sipped from my canteen as we bounced over the waves. My mouth was dry and my hands were clammy, a sure sign of my nervousness.

For better or for worse, it was all going to come out into the open tonight.

Alys and I sat down on the stage, in front of the flickering bonfire. To my left, Chip's podium loomed ominously. To my right, the jury bleachers were empty. I smoothed one of my braids, adjusting the flowers to give my hands something to do.

Chip stepped up to his podium. Cameras readied. He cleared his throat, gripped the edges of the podium, and then stared down at us. "Let us bring in the members of the jury for the final Judgment."

Rusty ambled in, his beard trimmed, dressed in a Hawaiian shirt. He frowned at both of us.

Next came Jendan, looking as breathtaking as ever. My heart fluttered at the sight of him. He was more tanned than ever, wearing a dark t-shirt that seemed to emphasize his lean muscles, and a pair of khaki shorts. After him was Kip, dressed in a white wife-beater and low-slung jeans, looking like a dark prince. I was immune to his good looks now, though; his full mouth seemed less succulent and more pouty. I liked Jendan's thinner mouth, because it always seemed ready to curl into a smile.

Next came Saul, Emilio, and Leslie. Bringing up the rear was Kissy, a sad look on her face.

Everyone was here now, and the looks on their faces were deceptively mild. Leslie eyed our leafy costumes with open disgust.

Oh, we were going to get slammed. I just knew it.

I steeled myself for the inevitable. As long as I knew it was coming, it'd hurt less.

Theoretically.

"We have gathered here for the final Judgment," Chip said slowly, emphasizing each word for drama. "Tonight, our jury will be deciding if they wish to vote for Annabelle or Alys as the winner of Endurance Island: Power Players. It's been a long journey for everyone - six weeks of mayhem and scheming, six weeks of challenges, team shuffles, and surprises. And tonight...it comes to an end."

He gave Alys and me a narrowed glance. "I'll let the two of you speak your case to the jury before we let them ask questions. Alys...why don't you go first?"

Next to me, Alys straightened. She beamed a smile at the jury. "I know you guys can't be thrilled that it's two girls sitting here. I'm sure you wanted it to be all guys at the end. But we got here fair and square, and I think you should vote for who deserves the money based on how well we played." She touched a hand to her leaf-covered chest. "I tried to play a good, clean game. Some people got hurt, inevitably, but in the end, I did what I had to do to get here. When people approached me to make a big game play, I went along with it, because as long as it wasn't me, I knew I'd stay in the game a few more days. That was my method, and it worked really well." She nodded and then looked at me.

It wasn't a bad speech. And she had played a pretty clean game, if you ignored the fact that she'd voted out her own partner for the girl's alliance.

"Annabelle, your turn," Chip said.

I crossed my legs and clasped my hands on my knee, giving them my best, Southern girl finishing school pose. "I could sit here and butter y'all up and tell you what you want to hear, but I'm going to give you the truth. I came out here to play like a dick."

Emilio smothered a laugh, earning a stern look from Chip.

"It's true," I said, unable to look Jendan in the eye, even though I knew he must have been staring at me. Instead, I focused on a mole on Kip's cheek. "It started last season, when I played. That time, I was still kinda stupid and naive about how the world works. Kip flirted with me, and I flirted back, and we had an island thing going. At least, I thought it was real. It turned out that Kip was just using me to get my vote, and I realized it all when I got home and watched things on TV. Not only had Kip totally used me, but I looked like an idiot. So I came out here wanting two major things." I lifted a hand and raised two fingers in the air. "One, to screw over Kip's game."

That got a reaction from people. Eyes widened. Someone tried to bury an uncomfortable laugh.

"And I did, finally," I said, continuing. I lowered a finger. "Purpose number two was to change how people perceived me from the last game. I didn't want to come out here and play the exact same way as before. So this time, I trusted no one. I looked out for me and only me. I said that going in, and I stuck to my guns. It didn't matter who I had to step on to get ahead, but I would. Because I learned something really important last season - it doesn't matter how nice you are or how kind, or how many friends you leave the island with. The nice people don't win the game. But a dick? A dick gets respect. So I played like a dick. It's not who I am outside of the game, but in the game? I played nasty. I voted out my own partner, even though he was the nicest, sweetest man I've ever met. I deliberately tried to lose challenges so others wouldn't see me as a threat. I orchestrated the women to vote out the men. I left the clue in the tribal mailbox for Pandora's Box, knowing that it couldn't be anything good, so Leslie or someone else would find it. I roped in Alys and brought her to the end because she played a pu**y game." Next to me, Alys gasped. "I talked her into taking me instead of Kissy to the end. Like I said, I played like a dick. That was my strategy, and I hope you respect it."

And I turned to look at Chip, feeling like I left it all on the table. "Thank you."

He blinked repeatedly. "Thank you. We're probably going to have to bleep half of that, but thank you." He looked over at the jury. "Now it's your turn to ask the questions. We'll let each of you have a turn to speak, and then it's time to vote. Let's go in reverse order of how you were voted out. Kissy, that means you first."

Kissy stood, wearing an ugly, shapeless island muumuu that seemed to be made of the same material as Rusty's shirt. She smoothed her mullet and looked at the two of us. "I just would like to know why I wasn't chosen to go to the final two with you, Alys."

Next to me, Alys shifted uncomfortably. "It seemed like the right decision to make."

"But why?" Kissy asked.

"I don't know," Alys mumbled. "I just thought...it would be a bad idea to take you." She looked over at me helplessly, and as she did, I felt a twinge of guilt for her. Was Alys always this indecisive? I knew I could use that to nail her to the wall at this vote, but something about that seemed cruel. But she was floundering, and it was only the first question.

"Can I step in?" I asked Alys.

She nodded quickly.

I looked at Kissy. "Alys and I discussed it. You're an older lady. You're a mom. You're a hard-worker. You're likable." I ticked these all off on my fingers. "You have a husband on the jury that can influence votes in your direction. All of those stack the deck in your direction."

She seemed to preen a bit, then looked at Alys, her eyes shrewd. "You guys discussed it?"

"We did."

"Or did Annabelle tell you this?" Kissy looked at me. "Was it really a discussion or more of Annabelle's suggestion?"

I remained silent. I'd let Alys hang herself if she wanted to.

After a too-long, uncomfortable moment, Alys answered. "It...might have been Annabelle."

"Thank you," Kissy said, and turned to sit back down.

The rest of the questions went along those lines. The jury tore into our game play and tried to pick us apart. Leslie made some cruel, nasty comments that left Alys teary, and me irritated. Kip asked some long, annoying question about dating and reality and how both Alys and I were losers. I dismissed it. Sour grapes. Saul was a dick and a chauvinist. Emilio wanted to know who we regretted kicking out of the game. Alys said Saul.

I said no one, because it had to be done.

I mean, I regretted the loss of Jendan, but that was purely emotional, and those emotions had no place in the game itself. I knew that if he was still in the game, things might not have gone as well as they did.

Still, when Jendan stood to ask his questions, I got a nervous flutter in my stomach. I wrapped my arms around my waist and leaned in, hugging myself as he walked to the center of the small stage. Then he turned and looked at Alys and me. "Ladies."

"Hi," we said, our voices weak.

"Alys, I just want you to name a big move that you did in this game."

She thought for a moment, then answered, "I voted with the women."

Jendan shook his head, and his voice was sterner than I'd ever heard it. "That wasn't your move, though, was it? That was Annabelle's move. It sounds like she was the one that orchestrated the women voting together. Is that correct?"

"We all had a say in it-"

"But it was Annabelle that pulled it together, right? You just went along with it?"

"I guess so, yes," she snapped, annoyed.

"Thank you." He turned those heavenly gray eyes on me. "Annabelle."

"Hi," I murmured again, inwardly wincing at the husky note in my voice. God, could I be more obvious how I felt about him?

But Jendan was all business. "It's obvious that you're a methodical thinker, Annabelle. I just have a quick question for you. When did you find Pandora's Box?"

That...wasn't what I was expecting. What did he want to hear? I bit my lip, and then answered truthfully. "The first week we got on the island."

"And you didn't tell anyone?"

"No."

"And did we know each other at that point?"

Ouch. I sighed. "We did. But it didn't change anything. I wanted that to get rid of Kip. It was just misfortune that you ended up as my partner."

"Misfortune, huh?"

God, my choice of words was going to come back and haunt me, wasn't it? "Yeah. Sorry."

He nodded. "Thank you."

Then Rusty was up, and he smiled at us. "Just wanted to know who you ladies thought was the biggest threat out of all of us on the jury."

The kiss-ass question. Of course.

Alys answered first. "Kip, I think. He was the guy we had to get rid of first, because he was leading the other men."

That was a perfectly fine answer with me, since I knew I'd never get Kip's vote in a million years. "Kissy," I said, and didn't miss the pleased look on her face - or her husband's. "Because she always gave two hundred percent and she did a hell of a lot better than anyone expected."

"Thank you," Rusty said, and sat down.

Then, it was time for the vote.

Chapter Twenty-One

"Vote was a no-brainer. I mean, come on. Who else would I ever vote for? She deserves the money." - Jendan Abercrombie, Jury Member, Endurance Island: Power Players

"That's a wrap," someone said once the last person to vote had exited the booth. "Save the rest for the finale."

"Thank f**king god," Chip said, yawning. "I want a Long Island and a back-rub, in that order." He stepped away from his podium and didn't look back. "Was it just me, or was this season longer than f**king ever?"

"Not longer, sir," a production assistant said as she trotted behind him, holding the box of slates that contained the votes.

"Fucking feels it," Chip said as he headed down the path.

We were left with just me and Alys sitting in front of the jury. A long, tense moment passed, and I'm pretty sure no one knew what to do.

"Okay, guys," said a familiar voice, and I looked up to see the head of production. She'd been a familiar face during filming. Even as she moved to the center of the stage area, someone doused the fire and the men began to break their camera tripods down for the night. "Since you're all returning players, you know the drill. You signed a non-disclosure so you can't reveal who you voted for until finale night in about six months." She waved to the jury members. "You guys file out over there. These two need to go to medical and get checked out before they can head back to the loser lodge."

The jury hesitated, then began to shuffle out, heading down the path and talking quietly amongst each other. Alys and I watched them leave, and then the production head turned to look at us.

"All right, off you two go to medical to make sure you're not dehydrated." She waved her clipboard at us.

Two hours, several vein-pokings, and a bevy of medical tests later, we were released back to the loser lodge for our last evening of the 'game.' Tomorrow, we'd be on flights back home. Maybe I should have felt nostalgic that our time in Fiji was coming to an end, or mentally tabulating votes to see if I was the million dollar winner.

Instead, I kept finger-combing my hair and wondering what Jendan would say when he saw me.

I'd lost nearly fifteen pounds while playing the game. It didn't seem like too much, but considering I'd lost it all from my tits and my ass and I hadn't used soap or a toothbrush in six weeks? I was feeling pretty gross and unsexy. Combine that with the grilling we'd gotten from the jury, and I felt pretty low overall. Jendan hadn't met me when I had my makeup on and a sexy dress. All he'd ever seen was grubby, unwashed, sand-covered Annabelle.

And she'd been a betraying ass**le. So why on earth would I think that he'd ever be attracted to me? I must have been crazy. It had just been a game. We'd been caught up in the moment and caught up in what we couldn't have. Now that we were about to head back to the real world, it'd all be over.

But at least I was a little wiser about things now, and I didn't assume they were reality just because the show was called 'reality TV.'

Someone offered me a bathrobe to wear, and I suddenly realized, for the first time in six weeks, that I was na**d and surrounded by people with clothing on. While in the game, I'd compartmentalized it and put the thought of nudity aside, but now that the game was officially over? It felt...weird. Despite the grime of my body, I tucked the robe close around my body and pulled my palm frond clothing out from underneath when all my girl bits were sheltered once more.

"All right," the nurse told me. "You two are cleared to head into the lodge. I'm told they're serving ice cream sundaes tonight, so you should probably go claim a couple of bowls."

"Ice cream?" I whispered, my mouth flooding with saliva.

"God, I hope it's not coconut flavored," Alys said, clutching the sleeve of my bathrobe. "Let's go."

We linked arms and headed for the main kitchen area of the loser lodge. Even before we entered the room, we could hear the happy murmur of multiple voices. Alys hesitated, and I pushed the door open.

A chorus of cheers met us.

Surprised, I looked around. I knew the 'loser lodge' was just what the crew called the hotel they rented out for the show. Most of the time, the cast and some of the jury tended to hang out in the restaurant or bar area, near drinks and food. This place had a bar and lots of tables were set up, all of them filled with people. Most of the celebrating people were the crew themselves - Chip's makeup artists, production assistants, camera-men, the challenge assistants - all were there and enjoying the wrap with bowls of ice cream. They were pleased to see us, at least. In the far corner of the room, I saw a booth filled with familiar faces - several of the Endurance Island contestants. Saul, Leslie, Emilio, and of course, Kip.

Bitter, party of four.

That was okay - I didn't care about talking to those four ever again. Actually, I could cheerfully leave the island and if I never talked to anyone except Jendan again, I'd be okay with that.

I looked around the room. No Jendan. Maybe he'd gone to bed early? It was late, the filming for Judgment happening at night (it made things more dramatic). Plus after spending two hours in medical, the night was no longer young.

"There you are," Kissy's voice said, and she and Rusty came up and gave me and Alys hugs. "You two are so skinny!" As she hugged me, she patted me on the back. "And you smell terrible."

"Six weeks on the island will do that to you," I said wryly, and while Alys chatted away to Rusty, I squeezed Kissy's hand. "No hard feelings?"

"Oh, I'm upset I didn't get the million," she said with a big, gap-toothed smile. "But they told me there's an All-Star edition of something or other next year and they want me and Rusty for it, so we're good." She gave me a wink. "Apparently these two old coots are feistier than they thought."

"That's awesome," I told her sincerely. "I really meant it, by the way. If you'd have gone to the end, Alys and I would have been toast."

"Which is flattering as heck," she told me. "Now, you two skinny minnies, go get yourselves some ice cream!"

Laughing, I headed toward the ice cream serving table. Everything looked incredible. There were big tubs of ice cream - chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry - and every topping imaginable. Bowls of chocolate chips, rainbow sprinkles, cherries, nuts, syrup, and cookie crumbles dotted the table. A man stood behind it with an ice cream scoop and picked up a bowl. "What do you want?"

"Um...one of everything?"

"You got it," he said, dropping a scoop of each flavor into my bowl and then shoveling the works on it. I watched, stomach growling, as the mountain of food grew higher, and then he grabbed a can of whipped cream and began to shake it, making a swirl on top. By the time the swirl was done, I was pretty sure I was going to have an orgasm just from staring at that ice cream monstrosity.

My hands trembled as I reached for the bowl, only to have my hopes crushed when someone swooped in and grabbed it away before I could touch it.

I looked up in shock...into a pair of laughing gray eyes.

Jendan.

"I'd give that back if I were you," I said in a shaky voice. "If I harmed you for snatching a starving girl's ice cream sundae, no jury would convict me."

"I had to think of a way to get your attention. I've been trying to flag you down from across the room for the past five minutes." He handed the bowl to me.

"Oh? You have?" I clutched the bowl to my chest stupidly. God, he looked good. He even smelled good. Over the overwhelming sweet scent of the ice cream in my hands, I caught a hint of aftershave. How was it possible that he smelled better than my food?

"Yeah, I saved a seat for you at the bar. Want to come sit and eat?" He gestured at it behind him. "I figured we could finally sit and talk. I think we're overdue for one."

"Probably," I said softly, then looked around for Alys. She was off at the ice cream table, chatting animatedly with Kissy and Rusty, and Saul had approached to give her a big bear-hug. She'd be fine.

I turned toward the bar, and Jendan's hand went to the small of my back, steering me. Just that soft, confident touch was enough to make my knees weak.

Man, I wished he'd greeted me with a kiss.

Man, I wished I'd brushed my teeth in the last six weeks. Maybe that was why we hadn't kissed.

Running my tongue over my choppers, I sat down at the barstool he'd saved for me and was pleased when he sat down right next to me.

"What do you want?" Jendan asked, looking at me with those sharp gray eyes. "The bar's an open one for anyone on the show."

"Um...chocolate milk?" The look he gave me was so odd that I blushed. "I know, it's stupid, but I've been fantasizing about chocolate milk instead of beer."

He gave his head a small shake, but motioned for the bartender to come over. "A chocolate milk for my friend here." When the bartender disappeared to fill my order, Jendan looked at me again. "You're not eating?"

I considered the bowl of inevitable lactose intolerance in front of me, then decided I didn't care if it made me sick. I shoveled a big spoonful into my mouth, then closed my eyes, savoring it. God, that was good.

"You look skinny," Jendan told me. "And dirty. And you smell."

"You prince charming, you," I said between gulping bites of my food. "And here I was feeling guilty for voting you off."

"Were you really, though?"

I thought for a moment, my mouth full of ice cream. Then, I swallowed and shook my head. "Not really. You had to go if I was going to win the million."

He laughed. Threw back his head and laughed. "I'm glad it wasn't personal."

An enormous glass of chocolate milk was set in front of me, and I put my bowl down and clutched it with both hands, suddenly greedy for it. "None of it was personal." I gulped down the milk and then added, "Well, except for Kip. That was personal. But I'd kind of planned on getting him out on day one, which was why it pissed me off when they did the partner switch and you got stuck with me. I didn't want to have to use it on you."

"I knew."

"You did?"

"Yeah. I mean, when I was first voted off, I was a little mystified at how you could turn on me. But then a few things clicked into place. Like how come you looked as if you'd been sucking lemons when we got the partner switch. You did not look happy at all, and I couldn't figure it out."

I blushed. "I was happy about some aspects. A little too happy. And that was another problem."

He just grinned.

I licked my spoon clean and then smacked him on the arm with it. "So what's with the poker face at every Judgment? I thought you were furious at me!"

He wiggled his eyebrows. "Thought I'd make you sweat a little for voting me out."

"Evil," I said with a shake of my head. "You are pure evil, Jendan Abercrombie."

He leaned forward, a bit closer to me. "And you, Annabelle Tucker, have a milk mustache."

I put a hand to my mouth, giving it a bit of a wipe. "Sorry."

"Here, let me get that for you," he murmured, and then leaned in.

His mouth grazed mine.

His tongue slid across my parted lips.

Stunned, I sat there and clutched my chocolate milk, staring at him.

He kissed my upper lip again, slowly, thoughtfully, and warmth began to spread through my limbs.

"Y-you're not mad at me?"

"I'm trying to kiss you," he murmured against my mouth. "That's not what mad people usually do."

"But you said I smell-"

"You do." He pulled back a little and his gray eyes were twinkling, and oh, there were crinkles at the edges of his eyes that made my girl parts do flips. "I'm not going to lie, you smell pretty rank."

"Then why kiss me?"

"Because I've wanted to for weeks and it's made me crazy anticipating it?"

I licked my lips, wondering if I could still taste his mouth on mine. "How...how was it?"

He reached out and cupped my face. "Sweet. Like you."

"Not...stinky?" I huffed a breath on my wrist and then sniffed it.

"Don't worry. You can have a shower before we go to bed." His eyes grew dark as he adjusted the collar of my bathrobe, sliding it shut where it gaped. "Together."

Jiminy cricket. I crossed my legs so my sex would stop throbbing, and just stared at his mouth. God, he had a pretty mouth. All smiling and wonderful with beautiful teeth-

Jendan leaned in. "The faster you eat, the faster we can get to bed."

I shoveled more ice cream into my mouth.

~~ *** ~~

It turned out that we didn't get to bed anytime soon after that. The cast party went on for hours, and when someone decided they wanted late night fajitas, both Alys and I wolfed down every serving they put in front of us. We were starving, and everyone was content to sit by and let us eat while they picked at all the delicious food laid out for the cast and crew. Jendan nursed a beer or two and kept a hand at the waist of my bathrobe, letting everyone know I was taken.

God, it was a great feeling.

My eyelids began to close as exhaustion set in, and I nodded off once or twice mid-conversation, only to jerk awake again a moment later. Jendan retrieved me from face-planting into someone's plate a moment later. "Annabelle's tired. She needs to head to bed."

We said our goodbyes, though it was mostly a blur to me. I struggled to stay awake, pinching my arms and widening my eyes to try and wake my body up. I couldn't be tired. This was my last night on the island. I wanted to spend it talking to Jendan and then seeing if he was interested in kissing me more.

And then maybe doing more than kissing.

But I couldn't stop yawning. By the time Jendan steered me to my room, I was too sleepy to appreciate the fact that my bag of clothing was in one corner. "A bed," I said between yawns. "Look at that. A big fluffy bed."

"I hear they have one of those in every room," he teased.

"Oh God, a bed. I can't wait to climb into it," I said, running a hand across the crisp white duvet.

Jendan tugged me away from it. "You should shower first. You don't want to get it all dirty."

"Oh, that's right." I sniffed my arm. Couldn't smell anything. After so many days of living in my own stink, I could no longer sense it. But judging from other people's reactions, I was pretty sure I reeked. Okay, shower first. I stripped off my robe and tossed it to the floor, heading into the bathroom...and then paused. Should I have been concerned about stripping down in front of Jendan? I hadn't given it a second thought. I'd been na**d in the game for the last six weeks.

But...we weren't in the game any longer.

My skin prickled but I ignored it, heading directly for the shower. Maybe Jendan wouldn't even stick around. I saw a teeny tiny bar of soap on the counter and grabbed it, unwrapping the paper and giving it a sniff. Oh wow, even soap smelled good. "Mmm."

As I sniffed the soap, Jendan entered the bathroom behind me and leaned against the wall, arms crossed. Was he...going to watch me shower? "So where's your room at, Jendan? I-oh God, is that shampoo? And toothpaste? This is heaven, isn't it?" I clutched the bathing products to my chest with glee.

He laughed, watching me race around the room. "I'm a few doors down. I thought we could hang out for a bit, though, if that's okay with you?" His gray gaze followed me as I went around, grabbing toiletries.

"Of course," I said, glad he probably couldn't see my blush under my grime. Neither one of us seemed ready to lay it out in the open.

"Great. I'll just wait out here while you clean up, then." He slid out of the bathroom and closed the door behind him.

Well, that made things slightly less awkward. I turned on the water and gave my reflection a quick glance...and then stopped in horror.

Lord have mercy, I looked awful. My face was a nice shade of brown, but bug bites and scratches covered almost every inch of my arms and legs. My hair looked like dirty straw, my eyebrows like caterpillars. My body was skinny, my boobs deflated, and my butt was non-existent. My fingernails had half-moons of grime under them. I gave a small moan of horror, leaning in close to look at my pores in the mirror. Clogged. Gross.

I looked like I'd been sleeping under a bridge. Why on earth had I thought Jendan would find this sexy? No wonder he was rushing me to the shower. I climbed in under the hot water and immediately began frantically scrubbing.

A half hour later, my hair was deep-conditioned and repeatedly shampooed, my nails were as clean as I could make them, and I'd shaved, soaped, and scrubbed every inch of my body. There was a killer ring at the bottom of the tub, but when I got out, I felt so much better.

Human, even.

Toweling my hair dry, I slathered on some lotion before wrapping a towel around my body. Next, teeth. I think I brushed them for a good twenty minutes before I decided to call it a day. They just felt so clean and delicious. That done, I stepped out into my room, and found Jendan stretched out on one side of my bed, remote in hand as he watched TV.

"Anything good on?" I teased, pulling out my bag and grabbing an old t-shirt and a pair of panties to sleep in.

"Nothing, actually," he said with a smile at me. "The TVs aren't hooked up to a satellite so we can't see the news. All we have are DVDs. Old ones, at that."

I eyed the TV. "Is that..."

"Ernest Goes to Camp? Yeah. Don't ask. It was either this or Leprechaun II."

I laughed, grabbing my clothes and heading back to the bathroom to dress. I don't know why I felt weird about it, but I did. We were in that bizarre neutral zone where we weren't quite friends, but weren't quite anything else, either.

I quickly dressed and returned to my room, dragging my damp hair over my shoulder. It smelled so fresh and clean that I couldn't help but touch it. Ditto my teeth. I ran my tongue along their surface again. "I don't know how you kissed me earlier. I was gross."

He tilted his head, watching me from my bed. "You're never gross." Jendan patted the side of the bed. "Want to join me?"

"Sure," I said, feeling nervous. This was just Jendan. There was no reason to feel skittish. I climbed into the bed and snuggled up against him, like we had in our shelter so many times. It felt weird to have all the clothing separating us, and I remembered all the sessions of skin to skin, limbs wrapped around each other.

He tugged me closer, and my cheek rested against his pectoral. His scent enveloped me - soap and clean aftershave, and underneath that, the faint smell that was uniquely Jendan. He always smelled good to me, but tonight, he smelled heavenly. I buried my face against his shirt. "You smell incredible."

"That would be deodorant," he chuckled. "I hear it's all the rage."

"Mmm." I sniffed again, and then closed my eyes, cuddling close. It was so nice to just lay in a soft bed here with him and not feel sand grit between my toes. "Can we just lie here for a minute and appreciate the finer things in life, like a real bed and air conditioning?"

"We can do that for as long as you like," he said softly, tone amused. "I'm still in awe of food. Real food that's not coconut." His fingers played with a lock of my hair. "And water I can drink that hasn't been boiled first."

I stretched a hand over his stomach. He was so warm, my own personal furnace. The sleepiness I'd been fighting returned full-force. "You know what's nice? A bed that isn't infested with hermit crabs and sand fleas."

"And I promise nothing at all will rain on you here," he said, fingers tracing along my cheek. "You're safe and sound."

Safe with him. That was exactly how I felt. Like I could suddenly relax after six weeks of tension and scheming. My fingers curled in the soft, clean fabric of his t-shirt. "I like being safe with you," I murmured sleepily. "You make me feel good."

"The feeling's mutual." His fingers continued to skim and caress my cheekbones, the soft touch soothing me.

I really needed to wake up. This was my last night in Fiji, and Jendan was here and didn't hate me. We were both clean, and I was pretty sure there were plenty of condoms in the bathroom. And I'd spent six weeks longing for this man.

But, warm and clean after six long weeks, my stomach full of something besides coconut, I couldn't help it.

I fell asleep.

Chapter Twenty-Two

"Any regrets? I'm not the kind of guy to focus on regret. Things play out how they're meant to." - Jendan Abercrombie, Juror Number 2, Endurance Island: Power Players

God, I'd slept so well.

I stretched an arm over my head, my eyes still firmly closed. Sunlight was streaming in through a nearby window, and I was so deliciously comfortable that I didn't want to wake up and ruin the cocoon of bliss I was currently ensconced in. There was no need to wake up anytime soon. The game was over, after all. I rubbed my foot along the strong leg wedged between my own and burrowed deeper against the warm body. There'd be plenty of time in the morning to find Jendan...

Morning...

Sunlight...

Something tickled my mind as 'not right' and I cracked an eye open. There, sprawled against me on top of the blankets, was Jendan, fast asleep. My cheek was pressed to his chest, and there was a patch of drool where I'd been sleeping. My legs were tangled with his, and my hair was all over his chest. Bright early morning sunlight streamed in through the plantation blinds.

I gasped and sat upright. "Oh my God. What time is it?"

Jendan shook himself awake and rubbed his eyes with the back of his hand, blinking up at me. "Good morning to you, too."

"We slept through the night?" I asked, dismayed. Here I'd had all kinds of plans for a sexy reunion and the moment I'd cuddled up to Jendan, I'd conked out.

"Yeah," he said with a yawn. "You must have been exhausted."

"But what about us? What about you and me?" I wiped my wet chin and then scrubbed at the wet mark I'd left on his shirt. Not sexy, Annabelle. Not sexy!

"What about us?" He was smiling up at me in a soft, sleepy way that made my heart do silly little flips.

"We missed out on us time." God, I felt like crying. "My plane leaves today."

"So does mine."

"That doesn't leave us much time together. I wanted to spend all night with you."

"You did." He grabbed me by the waist. With neat, effortless precision, he rolled until our bodies flipped. Then, we were on the bed, but our positions were reversed. He was looming over me and I was under him. Jendan grinned down at my expression. "I seem to recall someone dragging her cold feet against mine over and over again."

"Yes, but...I didn't want to sleep the entire time." To my dismay, I felt tears pricking at my eyes. "I wanted us to spend it, you know, together. Seeing what it means to be us now that we're no longer in the game."

"I think it's too early to predict how we'll be post game. It's barely been twelve hours since you left." His mouth crooked slightly, in that way I loved. "Maybe you slow down a little and give yourself more time?"

"That's just it. We don't have more time." My fingers slid along the rumpled collar of his shirt. He'd slept in his clothes right next to me all night. Funny how that made me feel all aroused and pleased at the same time. "They're sending us home today."

"And then what? We never see each other again? Is that what you're thinking?"

I bit my lip. It was what had happened last time. Once I'd boarded my flight, the game was over, and so was that relationship. But Jendan wasn't Kip.

He gave me another one of those heart-tugging grins. "You not going to call me when you get home?"

"Of course I will."

"And there's always the finale."

Six months from now, yes. I made a face. "I'm trying not to think about the finale, or else I'll worry about whose vote I got and whose I didn't. Let's concentrate on me and you right now."

"Fair enough." He leaned in and brushed his lips against mine. The weight of his body pressed mine into the mattress in a rather glorious feeling. "You're here. I'm here. We have hours and hours before our planes leave." His tongue slicked against my upper lip, tracing it.

I sucked in a breath, all my frantic thoughts immediately turning to desire.

He nibbled on my upper lip. "And..."

"Mmm?" My mind was already distracted, lost in kisses and the knee he pressed between my thighs.

Jendan's lips grazed mine again. "Your morning breath is atrocious."

I gave an outraged squeal and pulled away, smacking his shoulder. There was a mischievous look on his face that he couldn't hide, and I giggled. "If it's so awful, quit kissing me!"

"I'm not going to stop kissing you until it's time to go to the airport," he told me with a grin, brushing his lips over my nose. "Just maybe not your mouth."

I snorted and pushed at his chest. "Let me up and I'll brush my teeth, Prince Charming."

We got up from the bed and brushed our teeth together, laughing and teasing each other. Jendan flicked water on me as I brushed, and then we both flossed - he was a flosser, yay! Just another thing I liked about him. When my teeth were clean, I pointed at my mouth. "Would you like to inspect the goods?"

"I would," he agreed, and wrapped his arms around my waist, dragging me against him. He pulled me in for a long, slow kiss that left me breathless. When his mouth finally lifted from mine, I gave him a dazed look as he considered me, thinking. "I think I need to give it another checkup, just to be sure." And he leaned in and began to kiss me again.

I flung my arms around his neck and kissed him back, all the pent-up need in me rising and overpowering the playfulness. Six weeks of endless waiting and teasing had led to this moment, and I was going to enjoy it.

Jendan's mouth was firm against my own, his lips parted as his tongue brushed against mine. I gave a whimper at the touch, and he licked at my mouth in response. With a soft moan in my throat, I pressed my br**sts against him, continuing the kiss with eagerness. I loved kissing this man. He seemed to instinctively know how to hold me, how to move his lips against mine, how to flick his tongue in ways that would drive me utterly mad with desire.

All the touching, the playing, the flirting - it all came down to this. This kiss. This press of bodies against each other. This undeniable lust. He was finally mine.

His hands slid down from my waist to my ass, giving it a quick squeeze just as his mouth pulled from mine. "I think those teeth are acceptably clean."

"I'm so glad you agree," I murmured, then leaned in and bit at his chin. He just looked so biteable with a bit of scruff on him.

Jendan gave a soft groan and his hands clenched on my ass harder. "Want to take this to the bedroom? Or did you want to stay in here?"

The marble counter in the bathroom was cutting into my side, and it was cold. And that bed was so darn nice. "Bedroom, please."

"Your wish is my command." He hefted me by the ass and carried me out of the bathroom while I clung to his neck and laughed. Now that the game was over, I felt so light and free. I'd gotten to the final two, given a good argument for my actions, and the guy I liked still liked me. I'd stuck to my guns and still came out feeling like a winner, even if I didn't know how the votes fell.

Sometimes, that was all you needed.

Jendan sat me on the edge of the bed and brushed my tangled hair aside, then began to kiss my neck. I moaned.

Okay, sometimes you needed that stuff, and then you needed a sexy, gorgeous man to make love to you. That, too.

I clung to Jendan as he pressed his mouth to my neck, wrapping my legs around his strong thighs. His big body practically enveloped mine, something that I found incredibly arousing. My hands went to his butt and I grabbed it, kneading. Oh heavens, he had such a tight ass. I could bounce quarters - or heck, golf balls - off of it. I gave it another pleased squeeze, and he took the hint and pushed me back on the bed, body looming over mine.

"Condoms?" I asked as my mouth went to his ear, and I ran my tongue along his earlobe.

He groaned and tore his mouth away from my throat, then looked over at the bathroom, then back at me. "Don't go anywhere."

"I'll be right here," I teased, feeling breathless and giddy with happiness.

Jendan disentangled himself from my limbs and headed to the bathroom while I stretched out on the bed and waited. I heard him rummaging through the drawers, pulling them out and slamming them shut again. "Aha!" He reappeared a moment later with a strip of condoms. "Thank God for that. I'd have hated to run next door for condoms sporting wood."

I eyed his jeans, which were now straining across his erection. "But it's such magnificent wood. You sure you don't want to share it with everyone?"

"It's a one-woman kind of wood," he said, sauntering back to the bed. He tossed the condoms down on the bedside table and grinned at me. "He's not a big fan of sharing."

"Lucky for him, neither am I." I pressed my hand against his bulge and tsked. "He looks like he's trapped in there."

"Wanna free the beast?"

I giggled. "As long as you promise to never use that line again."

He made a 'cross my heart' symbol and grinned at me. "You're telling me that's not a winner? I'm hurt."

"I'll make it up to you," I teased. My hand rubbed on his c**k again and I watched him as his eyes closed with an expression of sheer bliss. "Is that better?"

"Much," he said thickly, reaching out and holding on to one banister of the bed while I stroked and fondled his c**k through his jeans.

Pleased at his reaction, I continued to rub him through the denim with one hand, while the other went to his button fly. I undid each button, revealing a hint of plaid cotton boxers underneath. Nothing racy or impractical for Jendan...but for some reason, the sight of that pleased me very much. Despite his daredevil career, Jendan was a normal guy.

And I found that the more I knew about him, the more arousing that 'normal' was. Kip had been impractical and wild, and he'd also been a douche. Jendan might not be impractical or wild, but he also turned me on far more than Kip ever had.

When his fly was finally loosened, I grabbed the sides of his jeans and began to tug them down. Jendan's hand went to my hair and he dragged his fingers through it, then cupped my face. "You're so lovely, Annabelle. I'm the luckiest guy in Fiji right now."

I gave him an arch, teasing smile, hiding the fact that his words made my heart flutter. "You're about to get even luckier," I told him, and dragged his boxers down to his knees. His c**k sprang free, the full, thick length of it making my mouth water a little. "There's my old friend," I murmured. "I've missed seeing him."

"Not half as much as he's missed you," Jendan said, and his thumb traced my lower lip. "Or even close to as much as I've missed you. Just seeing you next to me. Waking up to your smile. Your hand touching mine. I've missed all of you, Annabelle. I don't know what I'm going to do when I go home."

My throat tightened at his sweet words. "Hookers and blow?"

He chuckled. "Despite what you might think of Hollywood people, not all of us are into that sort of thing."

"I know," I said softly. "I don't know what I'm going to do either." I tilted my head back and looked up at him. "Let's not think about it right now, okay?"

He nodded and cupped my cheek again, just gazing down at me.

We both needed a distraction, or I was going to start weeping at the prospect of leaving his side again just after being reunited. So I wrapped my fingers around the girth of his c**k and gave it a small squeeze. That got his attention. Jendan's hand went to my shoulder and he squeezed in response, and began to stroke my skin through the fabric of my shirt. "God, Annabelle."

"If you get this excited," I teased lightly, "You're really going to be in for a treat when I put my mouth on you."

He groaned again.

All right, then. Time to put my money where my mouth was. With another squeeze of his thick length, I leaned in and brushed my tongue over the head of his cock. A bead of pr**cum met my tastebuds, filling my mouth with Jendan's unique flavor.

Above me, Jendan groaned again, and his hands tangled in my hair. "Wait, wait. Slow up."

I pulled away, curious. Did he not like head? "Did I do something wrong?"

"Christ, no." He took my hand and dragged me to my feet. "I just...want us to be on equal ground for our first time. I don't want you to feel obligated to do anything for me."

I pushed his hands off of me. "Obligated? I'm not obligated to do anything. I wanted to touch you. I've been dreaming about it for weeks."

"I'm glad I wasn't the only one preoccupied during the game, then," he said with a grin and a kiss on my nose. "I don't know... I guess I'm just feeling weird about this."

"Because for so long it was look but don't touch, and now we can finally touch?"

He nodded, burying his hands in my hair again and giving me another steamy look. "Though I have to admit, I'm enjoying touching you."

"You can touch me for a while if you'd rather," I told him, stroking my hands along his strong arms. "I'm certainly not going to protest."

"Can I take your clothes off of you?"

I nodded, fighting off the weird hint of shyness I felt. He'd seen me na**d daily for the last six weeks. Why did this feel so very different? This must have been how he'd felt when I'd started to go down on him.

Funny how casual nudity could make us so awkward in the face of true intimacy.

His hands went to the hem of my baggy sleep shirt and he began to slowly tug it upward. I raised my arms to assist him, and felt a blush heat my cheeks when he pulled it over my head and my br**sts were exposed. They were just br**sts. Nothing he hadn't seen before.

"Just as beautiful as I remembered," Jendan murmured as he tossed my t-shirt to the side.

I lowered my arms and stepped a little closer to him, eager to slide my hands under his shirt. Even though his pants and boxers were around his ankles, he was still wearing a shirt and I wanted his bare skin against mine.

His hands moved down my shoulders, then my back, caressing me with every movement. My skin prickled with arousal under his light touches. Then, his hands slid into my panties, cupping my ass. As I gasped, he began to work the fabric downward, even as he leaned in to kiss me again. "Beautiful Annabelle. You made me crazy with lust every day we were out there."

"I did?" I asked, my voice breathless. His mouth dipped in to kiss mine, our lips slicking together and distracting me.

"You did. Ever wonder why I kept going off into the trees? I had to get things under control before I had some uncomfortable moments on camera." His lips caressed my upper one. "The last thing I needed was to make you feel awkward because I couldn't handle my reactions."

I giggled at the mental image. "Sounds like you were doing a lot of handling to me."

He chuckled, and his hands squeezed my ass. My panties were now bunched low on my hips, below where his hands rested. "Cruel woman. I guess you didn't have the same problem."

"Oh, I don't know," I said lightly as his fingers stroked along the curves of my bottom. "I might have had quite a few dirty dreams that I had to ignore, or else I'd have to go run off into the jungle myself to take care of things."

"Mmm. Tell me more about these dirty dreams." His fingers delved into the part of my bu**ocks, making me gasp at the sensation.

"Well, I know I woke up more than once with this pressing against my hip," I told him, grasping his straining c**k in my hands. "And it took everything I had not to throw a leg over you and slide you deep inside me."

Jendan groaned again, and his fingers brushed a little deeper.

I gave a small wiggle and my panties dropped to the floor. I kicked them aside and spread my legs so he could move his fingers even deeper if he wanted. "But I resisted," I murmured. "It was very...hard, but I managed." At hard, I bit down on his lower lip and sucked on it.

With that, Jendan pushed forward, landing us both back on the bed again. I went backward gleefully, my heart pounding with excitement and arousal as he climbed over me and pushed my legs apart, settling between my spread legs. "You should be rewarded for being such a good girl, I suppose."

"Mmm." Just the sexy tone of his voice had me wet. "What did you have in mind?"

"This," he told me, just as his mouth captured mine again, and his fingers brushed through my slick folds.

I clung to him, whimpering my pleasure. Oh God, his touch was incredible. I was so wet already, all this talking and back-and-forth play just driving me mad with need.

Jendan's fingers stroked my pu**y, teasing the wetness back and forth until my folds were soaked with my own juices. "So lovely," he murmured between hot kisses. "So wet."

"Just thinking about you touching me makes me wet," I told him breathlessly, clinging to his big shoulders. His skin felt so good against mine - why had I waited all those weeks to do this? Pride in my game be damned. I'd met a great guy and pushed him away until the time was right.

Now, time felt like it was slipping away from me.

Frantic, I kissed him with increasing desire, raising my h*ps to meet his fingers. His thumb found my clitoris and rested there, and I moaned and rubbed up against it, needing more. "Jendan, please," I whispered. "Let's not go slow. Not this time. Not at first."

One finger sank deep inside me. "You that ready, Annabelle?"

I arched my back, my mouth opening in a silent moan. Oh God, I was so ready. Weeks and weeks of tantalizing had left me primed and ready for sex like never before. "Jendan, I need you."

"I'm here," he murmured, showering my face with kisses as he thrust deep with his finger. "I'm here with you."

I rose to meet the thrusts of his fingers, each one increasing the ache of need I felt. His thumb continued to tease and stroke my clit, driving me wild.

I was near an orgasm when he withdrew from me, and I gave a cry of protest, clinging to his mouth with frantic kisses. No! Not yet! Not when I was so close!

"Condoms," he murmured against my insistent mouth. "Need condoms."

"Hurry," I encouraged him. "Need you."

I continued to cling to him as he stretched over to the nightstand, grabbing a condom off of the strip and ripping it open with his teeth. While I writhed underneath him and ran my hands all over every inch of skin I could touch, he rolled the condom on, concentrating fiercely.

Then, when it was on, he put a hand to the side of my head to still me, and pulled me in for a long, slow kiss that left me breathless and distracted.

I was so distracted that when he sank inside me with one push, it came as a surprise. I cried out, clinging to him, and my outburst was silenced by his quick kiss again. "Shhh," he murmured. "You okay?"

I nodded, breathless. Oh God, he was so deep inside me, and he felt so good. I was totally filled by him, every inch of my body feeling stretched to deliciousness under Jendan. I'd needed this so badly.

He kissed me again, his mouth caressing mine. Then, he gazed down at me and began to slowly, rhythmically, move inside me. Pinned under his gaze, I arched with every thrust, wanting him to enjoy my body as much as I was enjoying his. I raised one knee up to increase the depth he was thrusting into me, and he hooked it with his arm and pulled it forward, even as he leaned in to kiss me again.

And then we were face to face, lip to lip, as he thrust deeper and harder inside me than I'd ever been f**ked.

I was normally a fairly silent partner in sex, but I couldn't resist the moan that escaped me. That felt incredible. My movements became more frantic, my nails digging into his shoulders as I clung to him. "Jendan," I panted. "Oh, like that!"

"Annabelle," he murmured, his strokes taking on a fierce edge. "You're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. From the moment I met you, I wanted this moment. Wanted you in my arms, my c**k deep inside you."

I whimpered, clinging to him.

"Now you're finally mine," he told me softly, then claimed my mouth with a kiss, even as he thrust deeper. His next stroke bottomed out, taking me so deep that I could feel it all through my body.

I came with a fierce cry against his mouth, shuddering against him. Every muscle in my body seemed to take part in the orgasm, tightening deliciously and then slowly releasing. Above me, Jendan continued to murmur sweet words and slam into me, our bodies rocking the bed.

Then, he leaned down and buried his face against my neck, dragging in a rough breath. My hands went to his ass, clutching him against me, and I felt his bu**ocks tense, hard as rocks, as he came with a shudder of his own, and then collapsed on top of me, spent.

With a heavy, blissful sigh, I slid my hands over his back contentedly. "That was wonderful."

Jendan moved off of me, rolling to the side. He got off the bed, quickly disposed of the condom and then returned, dragging me against him so we could continue to cuddle. "Wasn't too fast for you?"

I shook my head, eyes closing as his arms wrapped around me. "Just perfect. That was exactly what I needed."

He kissed my neck from behind me, mouth moving over my damp skin. "I aim to please."

"You succeeded," I said with a smile, snuggling close to him again. Then, I sighed, remembering what day it was. "I hate that we have to leave soon."

"Soon? Who said anything about soon? My plane doesn't leave until tonight." He began to nibble on my ear, sending ticklish sensations through my body. "Way I look at it, we still have hours and hours of loving to get in before we part."

I rolled over so I faced him, and couldn't help but trace a finger down his tanned cheek, then down his equally tanned chest. "So what's with all this talking, then? I thought you were a man of action."

He wagged his eyebrows at me. "So you want action, do you?"

"I thought that's what I signed up for. I-" A yelp escaped me, then a helpless laugh as he tackled me on the bed, a gleam in his eye...and reached for another condom.

Chapter Twenty-Three

"I enjoyed my time on Endurance Island. Learned a lot about myself. I'm not an impulsive kind of guy, or a mean player. I guess being the nice guy is not the worst thing in the world. I could be Kip." - Jendan Abercrombie, Jury Interview, Endurance Island: Power Players

At the airport, I kissed Jendan one last time and slipped my phone number into his hand. "You'll call me, right?"

He smiled, those crinkles around his eyes making my heart melt. "Of course I will."

~~ *** ~~

Four Days Later

When my phone rang, I dove over my couch and clutched it with both hands, heart frantically pounding as I looked at the screen.

Mom.

Oh. Darn it. Not Jendan. With a sigh, I clicked on the phone to take the call. "Hi, Mom."

"You're home," my mother said excitedly. "How did it go? How come you didn't call me sooner?"

"Oh. I was waiting for a phone call." I blushed a little. "I was going to call you as soon as I connected with...that person."

If my mom noticed my pause, she didn't comment on it. "So how did it go? Are you skinny as a rail?"

"It went fine. We're not supposed to discuss details, but I did really well. And I'm a little skinny, and really, really tanned."

"I hope you wore sunblock. Cancer, you know."

I rolled my eyes. "Mom, it was a survival game. They didn't hand out sunblock."

"Then you sue them later when you get cancer. They should have given you something for that."

"Sure, Mom, sure. It's fine, and I'm not going to get cancer, okay? I was very careful." I flopped down on my couch, resigned to a long phone call with my mother to catch her up on the last two months. "Did I tell you that we were in Fiji? It was gorgeous. Lovely beaches, blue water, and tons of coconuts."

"You sound so happy, Annabelle. You must have done well. Did you win the money?"

Didn't my mom even watch the show? "They don't award the money until the live finale, which won't be scheduled for a few months yet."

"But you don't have an idea?"

Count on my mom to keep pressing the subject. "Well...don't tell anyone, but I was in the top two. It's either me or this other girl that won the whole thing. I'm trying not to think about it because I won't know the results for a long time."

She gave a squeal of delight. "Really? Oh, baby, I'm so excited for you!"

I smiled into the phone. "Thanks, Mom."

"I've been worried sick the entire time you were gone. I was afraid it'd turn out like last time. They did you dirty with how they made you look on TV, you know. All my friends kept saying, 'that's not your Annabelle Tucker.' And I'd always tell them, no, it's not. They're making her look like a tramp for ratings because she's pretty -"

"Mom," I protested. God, this was why I didn't call her right away. She'd been so excited and proud when I'd made it on the last show...until it started showing. "The new show hasn't even aired yet. They could make me out to be some sort of huge jerk this time. Let's not get too excited just yet."

"A huge jerk with a million dollars? No, they'll make you look good if you're the winner."

She had a point.

"I just hope you learned your lesson from last time, that's all," my mother said, that disapproving 'mom' tone in her voice. "No hooking up with men on TV, no matter how pretty their hair is."

I winced. "Gee, thanks, Mom. Did I mention Kip was on there again, too?"

She gasped. "Did you knee him in the family jewels?"

"No," I said smugly. "Better than that, I got him voted out."

"Well," she said reluctantly. "That's almost as good as a knee to the groin."

"Mom, you're so bloodthirsty." I couldn't help but smile, though. Good old mom.

"He did my baby wrong," she grumped. "I hope you stayed away from the men this time."

Again, I winced. Count on mom to hit the nail on the head. "Well...now that you mention it-"

"Oh, Annabelle, you didn't. After last time?"

"We were just friends in game! Nothing more! I promise. It's not like last time." My face was a humiliating flush of heat. "And he's nothing like the other guy."

"Is that who you're waiting on to call?"

I was silent. Okay, so it was.

"Oh, Annabelle," my mom said again, clearly disappointed. "This isn't different than last time. You're still waiting for a man to call. Didn't I tell you? Why buy the cow when you get the milk for free, honey?"

I groaned and rolled my eyes at the phone again, not that Mom could see it. "I'm an adult, Mom. I know what I'm doing."

"But honey, you're just so trusting," she complained. "This is just like that time in high school-"

"Mom, enough," I said, putting a firm note in my voice. "How's Dad? How was his fishing trip? What about Kimmie and her boyfriend?"

With a distraction to gossip about, my mother launched into a recap of my family's latest escapades while I pretended to listen and made appropriate noises.

Truth be told, I was a little worried. Jendan and I had parted at the airport amidst several last quick, stolen kisses. We'd exchanged phone numbers, and promised to call each other. I, sticking to the age old rules of womanhood, didn't call him first. He needed to make the first move, because I'd been burned like that before.

Except it had been four days and he hadn't called.

So I really wasn't sure what to think. I thought about texting him, but would that seem desperate? Or just friendly? But I kept thinking about how Kip had treated me before and...I couldn't do it. I couldn't reach out to Jendan first. He had to come to me.

He would come to me, wouldn't he?

The first day, I excused it. The second, I figured he was just busy.

But as the third and fourth days crept around and I hadn't had so much as a smiley-face text? My heart began to ache again. Not just that I'd been used, but that it had been Jendan - funny, kind, good guy Jendan - who I'd trusted and had abused that trust all over again.

I'd never learn, would I? Tears pricked my eyes. The thought of Jendan using me just like Kip had hurt more than I could bear.

"Don't you think so, honey? Annabelle?"

I blinked rapidly, swallowing hard to make my voice seem normal. "Hmm? Yep," I replied, not even knowing what we were talking about. "Listen Mom, let me let you go, okay? I need to run some errands."

"Okay, sweetie. Love you! Stay safe!"

"Love you too," I said, and hung up. But I didn't get up. Instead, I curled up on the couch and hugged one of my old, worn out throw pillows and let myself have a good cry.

I'd wanted Jendan to be different, damn it. Special. Turned out he was just like Kip - a user. I'd denied it for four days, but I had to accept the fact that he'd been interested only in an island hookup, and I'd fallen for the wrong man yet again.

Except this time, I'd fallen harder. I'd been wounded when Kip had used me and tossed me aside, but the real wound had come from how he'd humiliated me on television. That had been a small wound with salt rubbed in it.

The wound from Jendan was like the Grand Canyon. My heart felt shattered, as well as my trust. It'd be almost impossible to get over him, and in six months, I'd have to relive it all over again when the show started airing.

That just made me weep harder.

I cried for hours on the couch, for my broken heart and my dashed hopes, and for Jendan and the man I'd thought he was. Eventually, I fell asleep, clutching the pillow and wishing it were a certain stunt man.

A knock on the front door of my apartment woke me from my sleep. Groggy, I sat up on the couch and wiped at the strands of hair stuck to the sides of my face. My eyes felt swollen and scratchy from my crying, and I was pretty sure I looked like a ripe mess, dressed in sweatpants and an old t-shirt.

Then again, did it matter what I looked like? No one was around to see me except whoever was at the door, and it was probably UPS or the landlord. With a grumble, I dragged myself off the couch. "Coming."

With a yawn, I kept the chain on the door and opened it a crack.

Familiar gray eyes crinkled and smiled back at me from the other side. "Hello, beautiful."

My eyes widened.

He shifted on his feet, then glanced down the hallway. "Your neighbors are giving me the stink eye. Can I come in?"

The walls were thin - they'd probably heard me crying. At least someone was on my side. I frowned at Jendan. I didn't know what to think of this. "No. What are you doing here? How did you know where I live?"

Most importantly, why the hell hadn't he called?

He looked surprised at my refusal. The charming grin faded a little. "I missed you, Annabelle. I couldn't stop thinking about you, so I contacted the casting department and got your information. I've been packing up my stuff in LA for the last few days. I'm taking a hiatus from the stunt man shit for a while. Let my MCL heal up fully. Thought I'd come and visit. See if you and I could...make something...of us." His words got slower as he spoke, his face more solemn. "But maybe I was wrong..."

I was silent, processing the information. He was here to visit?

Jendan gestured at the hall. "You know what? I think I'll just go. It was nice seeing you, Annabelle. You look...great." A faint smile touched his mouth again. Then, he gave me an awkward wave and turned to leave.

"Wait," I blurted.

He turned quickly, and I slammed the door shut, fumbling with the chains. Then I slung the door back open again and almost charged out after him...then waited, suddenly unsure. "You came to see me? Why?"

The look of hope on his face quickly changed to confusion. "Because I like you? Because you're the most stubborn, smart, funny, clever, and fun girl I've ever met? And I want to spend time with you? And I thought you liked me, too? Is that reason enough?"

"No," I said, though my voice sounded a little sulky, even to myself. I crossed my arms over my chest and didn't move from the doorway. "How come you never called me? You said you'd call."

His face lit up with understanding, and Jendan fumbled with his pocket. "So, right before I came out, I totally forgot that I'd dropped my phone when they called me for the show." He pulled a smartphone out of his pocket and held it out to me.

I took it from him hesitantly. Two thirds of the screen was cracked in a million places. Only the bottom part was intact.

"See," Jendan said, moving closer to me and leaning over my shoulder. He pointed at the screen and tapped it to unlock it. "It's all messed up. I can get calls but I can't dial out." He punched another button and the keypad displayed. He touched the screen repeatedly, but it never registered.

"Oh," I said softly.

"I wanted to call you, but it wouldn't go through. The phone wouldn't work. And I kept waiting for you to call me-"

"I can't call you first! I'm a girl!"

"What, it's against the laws of physics for women to call men?" His mouth crooked in that smile again. "Pretty sure I never learned that in college."

"That's not it," I told him, handing his phone back. I was starting to feel a bit silly. "Girls don't call guys back first. And, well, I sort of have a bad history with men following up."

Recognition dawned on his face. "Ah. Kip."

"Yeah." I crossed my arms protectively over my chest again. "So you'll forgive me if I thought the worst when I didn't hear from you."

He studied my face, then stepped forward and caressed my cheek. "Have you been crying?"

I brushed his fingers away and averted my gaze. "Maybe. Just a little. No big deal."

"Oh, Annabelle." He leaned in to kiss me.

I ducked out of his grasp. "It wasn't over you!"

"Then who - or what - is making you so upset? Tell me, so I can go punch that person in the balls."

"Okay...I lied. It was you." I snuck a glance at him and then gestured. "Punch away."

His mouth quirked. "I was kind of hoping you'd want to do something more productive with my balls."

I started to laugh, then stifled it again with a sigh. "You couldn't have borrowed a friend's phone?"

"I should have," he admitted with a grimace and rubbed his neck. "I wasn't thinking clearly. All I could imagine was coming back out here to spend more time with you. To be with you again like we were in Fiji. And I kept thinking that if this meant something to me, I needed to act on it. So I spent the last few days going through my crap and tying up loose threads. I ditched all my stuff to come here to be with you."

For the first time, I noticed black straps on his shoulders. I frowned and tugged at his arm, looking at his back. There was a backpack there. "What's that?"

"Just the stuff I couldn't live without. Mostly underwear and a change of clothes."

I blinked rapidly. "You...really got rid of your stuff? All of it?"

"All of it," he agreed. "My roommate back in LA kept most of it, but yeah, I ditched the rest of my crap and bought a ticket out here."

I just stared at him.

Jendan gave me a sheepish look. "For once I do something impulsive in my life and it seems like it backfired on me. I don't think impulsive is my thing."

"It's not," I agreed, even as I moved toward him and curled my fingers in the front of his t-shirt. "So what are you going to do now?"

He licked his lips, and that small motion made my heart begin to pound all over again. "Well... I see this as going either one of two ways. One, I get to come in and kiss those tears away, or two, I find the nearest airport and figure out what the hell to do with myself-"

I pulled his mouth to mine before he could even finish the statement. I kissed him fiercely, my lips and tongue claiming him for myself. I let that kiss be my apology. And when we broke free, I gave a happy little sigh and wrapped my arms around his neck.

"I...guess we're going with number one?"

I nodded. "Wanna come inside and make up on my couch?"

"Love to."

Chapter Twenty-Four

"Would I come back and play again? That depends...can I pick my partner? Because I can think of only one person I'd like to be stuck on an island with again." - Jendan Abercrombie, Post-Game Interview, Endurance Island: Power Players

I dragged him into my apartment and we barely shut the door before we were on each other, kissing and ripping at each other's clothes. "My Annabelle," he murmured as he tore off my t-shirt. "God, I missed you. The last four days have seemed like forever. At least when we were on the island, I got to watch you play."

"You did?" I asked between kisses, fumbling with his belt. God, belts were so inconvenient!

"Yeah, I sat with the camera crews when they'd let us. We weren't allowed to see the camp stuff, but I could view the challenge footage." His mouth kissed every inch of my skin he could reach. "I loved watching you. And not just because you were na**d - though that certainly helped things."

I giggled, finally undoing his belt buckle and moving on to his fly. I paused to raise my arms above my head as he stripped my top off, then worked on my bra. He unclasped it and tugged it down my arms, and then my br**sts were free. Immediately, his hands went to them, cupping them and rolling the ni**les against his thumbs. "You're so beautiful, Annabelle. I love touching you."

I clutched at his clothing, moaning as twin streaks of desire rocketed through me. "Oh, Jendan, I missed you. I missed you so much."

He continued to rub and stroke my ni**les as he leaned in for a kiss. "Missed you too, baby. Felt like forever."

"Next time, f**king call," I told him breathlessly as I pressed my br**sts against his hands.

"I will," he said, bending down to take a nipple into his mouth. "Couldn't think about anything but getting to you again."

Good answer, I decided, and shoved his jeans and boxers down. "Condoms?"

"Condoms," he agreed, sitting down on my couch and dragging me along with him. "Straddle me, Annabelle. I need to be inside you."

I pulled free from his arms long enough to shimmy out of my sweatpants and panties. "Sorry I'm not wearing anything sexy." Self-consciously, I touched my hair. "I probably look like a wreck-"

"You don't," he told me, grabbing me and dragging me back against him. His mouth went back to my br**sts. "And you're beautiful. You're always beautiful."

Okay, so Jendan had a knack of saying the right thing. I let him pull my body against his, one of my knees sliding over his thigh. When he encouraged the other, I followed his lead, and then I was seated atop him, facing him, his c**k pressed between our bodies and my br**sts in his face.

His mouth dragged across my nipple, taking it into his mouth and toying at it with his teeth. I moaned and closed my eyes, clinging to him and enjoying the sensations rippling through me. I loved breast play, and Jendan was terrific at it. His other hand massaged and teased my breast in tandem with his mouth, until I was squirming and writhing on his lap, my breathing coming in short, gaspy pants of need.

Then, Jendan's hand slid between us and his fingers stroked through my folds. He groaned against my breast. "You're so goddamn wet, Annabelle. God, I want to put my mouth on you."

I quivered at the mental image. "You do?"

"Yes." He nipped at the tip of my breast and then looked up at me, giving it one last, lingering lick that implied all kinds of naughty things for my other body parts. "Let me go down on you."

"Well, I'm not going to tell you no," I said, a nervous, excited hitch in my voice.

He turned to the side, dumping me on the couch with my legs still around him. Jendan slid downward, between my parted thighs, and before I could wonder what he was doing, buried his face between my legs.

I gasped, startled and titillated all at once. Okay, I had not expected that. He seemed so...eager to go down on me. That was not my normal experience. I'd learned not to ask for o**l s*x, since a lot of the guys I'd dated in the past hadn't been eager on that front. If it happened, great. If not, no big deal.

But Jendan was a man with a mission, and that mission was clear. His tongue slid through my folds, licking me up and down. I shivered when he stroked across my clitoris. That seemed to encourage him to zoom in on that spot, and he began licking and sucking on that tiny piece of aching flesh, his fingers circling at my core, driving me wilder and wilder until I was writhing on the couch, begging for more and more.

When I came, I came so hard that stars burst behind my eyes. I gave a tiny little wail, my thighs clamping around his face, and that only made him suck harder. I came down slowly, every inch of my body feeling languid and marvelous.

Jendan moved on top of me again and kissed me, his mouth tasting of my orgasm. "Be right back."

"I'll be right here," I said languidly, stretching out on my sofa. Okay, so I'd have to flip the cushions to hide the wet spot, but I didn't care. I was feeling too darn good.

He got up from the couch, headed to his bag, and I closed my eyes, luxuriating in how good I felt. A moment later, I heard the rip of a condom package. A pause, and then Jendan was back on top of me, his mouth pressing hot against mine as I felt his c**k nudge against my core.

"Annabelle," he murmured, and then pushed into me, exquisitely slowly.

I moaned, lifting my h*ps to encourage him to move faster, but it seemed that Jendan wanted to take his sweet time now that he'd made me come. Each stroke seemed to last an eternity, and was clearly intended to drive me wild until I was clawing his back with need. He knew how to angle our h*ps just so, to where his c**k drilled against my g-spot, making me erupt with a shrill little scream at each rock of his hips.

Within moments, I was crying out with a second, even fiercer orgasm. Jendan's thrusts took on a wild edge, and then he was pushing into me so hard that the entire couch was rocking with the force of our movements, and my br**sts bounced wildly with each stroke. "Jendan," I gasped, my toes curling. I hadn't come down from my last orgasm yet, and another one seemed to be barreling right in my direction. "Oh God! Keep going!"

His response was to clamp a hand on my shoulder and hammer into me harder than before. When he came with a groan of my name and a wild surge of his hips, I was right there with him, orgasming for an un-heard of third time in one session.

Damn, the man was good.

We lay clasped together, panting and sweating from our turbulent lovemaking. I ran a finger along his shoulders, feeling utterly content. How funny to go from the pits of despair to post-coital rapture in the space of one afternoon.

As if sensing the turn of my thoughts, Jendan kissed my breast and glanced up at me. "I should have called you."

"Mm, you should have." Was I angry? I couldn't remember. I felt too good.

His fingers began to tease one of my ni**les erect again, even as he spoke. "There was just so much to do to get ready to come out here. All I could think about was seeing you again."

"Apology accepted," I told him, and squirmed when he flicked my nipple. "So...wanna move in?"

He laughed, grinning up at me. "Is this the part where most guys say things are moving too fast? Because...I do want to move in. I have a hard time sleeping without you beside me. I think our time on the beach ruined me for alone time. It's not nearly as pleasant as being with you."

"Why, Jendan," I teased. "Is that a declaration of love?"

"Not yet," he told me. "But give me a week."

Epilogue

Six Months Later

The Endurance Island finale crowd roared when I came onto the stage. They'd cheered when Alys had arrived, but my fans were deafening. I waved happily, loving the moment. How different this was from last year when I'd had to hang my head in shame over my portrayal.

No longer. This year, I was a bad-ass.

I'd been worried when the show had begun to air, concerned that I'd get a bad edit again. Jendan, that sweet, patient man, had been calming my fears for months on end, but the proof would be when the show actually aired. To my surprise, I'd gotten a fabulous edit. Instead of looking like a villain or a jerk, they'd spun me as a woman scorned and out for revenge, and even my dirtiest moves were edited in a positive light.

Well, almost all of them. The episode where I'd had to vote Jendan off had won me some mixed reviews and online haters, but they'd cut it in with some footage of me sobbing in my bed that night, alone, to show that I wasn't heartless.

It had affected Jendan as well as the audiences - he'd made love to me so long and so tenderly that night that I'd had sore muscles the next day...not that I was complaining.

And here we were, back at the live finale, ready to see who'd won the money.

I almost didn't care. I'd come on the show to change my reputation, and to knock Kip down a peg. I'd done both, had come away a TV hero, and I'd gotten the guy. Of course, if I won the million dollars, I'd happily take it. I wasn't stupid. I was a broke college girl - or I would be, once the semester started. I needed the money as much as the next person. The participation money had been a nice fifty grand, but most of it had gone to catch up my student loans. I'd take the prize money for sure.

It was just that...I felt like I'd gotten so much more out of the experience than just money. I'd come out with a sense of who I was again.

And I'd gotten Jendan. Just thinking about him made me smile, and I scanned the stage looking for him. There, seated between Rusty and Kip, was my honey. He looked fine as hell, too. His tan (and his muscles) were nicely offset by the open-throated white dress shirt he'd worn.

I'd worn a white dress too, so we could be all matchy-matchy like dorks. Because that was how we rolled.

When I looked over at him, he winked at me. I blew him a quick kiss.

The crowd went nuts. Months of rampant internet speculation? Just confirmed. The Endurance Island fans were going to have a field day with that, but I didn't care. Let them make gifs out of something besides my boobs bouncing in a challenge.

The roar of the crowd quieted when the lights flickered, and I sat at my designated seat next to Alys, who was glammed up and looked fabulous. We hugged quickly, and then sat and adjusted our clothes, waiting for the final vote to show up on the screens. The finale played while those of us on stage waited, and we watched along with the audience as Alys, Kissy and I fought through the last few days of the game.

As we waited, Alys nudged me. "Is that what I think it is on your hand?"

I beamed and showed her my engagement ring. A month after Jendan and I had more or less moved in together, we were engaged. Jendan liked to joke that he was never impulsive about anything except for me.

(He'd said it'd take him a week to tell me that he loved me. In reality, it took about two more days. Like I said, impulsive.)

"It's huge," she mouthed to me, and I beamed proudly. Okay, it was a huge ring. Jendan, it turned out, made a really good living as a stuntman. I felt a little guilty that he'd given it up to be with me, but he was excited about starting a martial arts school and turning over a new leaf. I guess being lit on fire for the camera got old, even to people as steady as Jendan.

"It's time to reveal our final vote," Chip said, interrupting our silent gossip. The crowd cheered again, and I felt an excited tingle in my stomach. As blase as I tried to be about the whole thing, being here on the stage with all these people just emphasized how much I wanted to win.

The gigantic screen flashed and changed to the last night of the game. I watched the screen as it showed an up-close of the voting booth, the box of slates waiting. On screen, Rusty walked into the booth, scribbled something on his slate, then turned and held it up to show the cameras.

ANNABELLE, it read. Rusty began to whisper. "You were always real nice to my wife and you played hard, even when you played dirty. At least you had the balls to tell things how they were. I hope you win."

The crowd roared their approval. I gave Alys a faint, awkward smile. We both knew the 'no balls' comment was for Alys, who'd skated through the game trying to be sweet and nice to everyone and in the end, couldn't make a single decision on her own.

The camera flashed to Jendan's vote next, and the crowd roared again. He confidently wrote down my name, flipped his slate and showed the camera, smiling the entire time. I could barely hear his words over the cheering. "Hey, Annabelle, no hard feelings. I know it's just a game, and I'm really proud of how you're playing. I hope we can have dinner when we both get off the island. Clothing optional." He gave the camera that wink I was so familiar with, and then dropped his slate in the box.

My heart hammered with love and I looked over at Jendan, where he sat with the rest of the jurors. He winked at me again and gave me a thumbs up, and I knew it was to reassure me.

Was I that nervous? I mean, sure, a sweat had broken out on my forehead and I was trembling, but this was no big deal, right?

Kip's vote was the next one. He thought for a moment, scribbled something, and then held up his slate. He said nothing, just flashed a peace sign.

His slate read ANNABELLE.

Holy shit. Even Kip had voted for me. My heart was pounding like a gong in my breast when the camera switched to Saul, who quickly wrote Alys's name down. That was expected. No problem. I clasped my hands and pressed them to my mouth, waiting to see Emilio's vote.

He wrote slowly, drawing little hearts and stars all over his slate, but when he finally turned it around, one word stood out boldly amongst the rest.

ANNABELLE.

"Annabelle," Chip said, barely audible over the roar of the crowd. "That is four votes and enough to win. You are the champion of Endurance Island: Power Players."

I sat there, stunned.

Alys grabbed my hand and dragged me to my feet, embracing me. "Congratulations," she shouted in my ear over the roar of the crowd. I looked around, dazed. Everyone was on their feet, and Jendan rushed to my side, picking me up in his arms and swinging me around.

"You did it, baby," he yelled in my ear even as I began to cry and confetti rained down on the stage. I could hear nothing but the roar of the crowd and Chip's garbled voice in his microphone.

I'd won.

Holy shit, I'd beaten everyone and won Endurance Island.

Sometime later, when the crowd had calmed and we were all seated, Chip took turns interviewing everyone. There were lots of questions about myself and Jendan. Lots of commentary about the nudity. A short segment with Kip, who was outraged that I'd been 'poisoning him' with unboiled water. He'd found out when the show aired and was apparently pretty pissy that he'd had the shits for a month after the game.

He told Chip he would have changed his vote if he'd known.I simply smiled serenely. If he'd have gotten his own water or even asked about it (which Chip had also pointed out), it would have never been a problem.

"And I'd like to go back to Annabelle one last time before we close the show," Chip said, turning to me. He waited for the cheers of the crowd to die down, and then flashed his megawatt smile in my direction. "Of all the returning players on the show, you wanted to return the least. According to my staff, you were extremely hard to convince to return. Is that correct?"

I nodded, a sheepish smile on my face. "I didn't have the greatest time with my first outing, and I had a lot of people seeing how I was on TV and assuming that was who I am in real life. It left me with a bad taste in my mouth, and I didn't want to play again and risk making things worse."

"So what motivated you?"

"Money," I said immediately. The crowd roared with laughter.

Chip smiled. "Nothing else?"

I bit my lip, then looked at Jendan, seated a few rows behind me. "Actually, it wasn't just the money, if I think about it. After the last game, I think I lost the sense of who I was. I got wrapped up in what I thought was reality, when none of it was real in the slightest. And seeing it played back on TV made me ashamed of who I thought I was. So more than the money, I think I wanted to find myself again. I wanted to play how I should have played the first time. I wanted to make a game plan, and stick with it."

"Well, you did," Chip agreed. "On day one, you had a plan - get rid of Kip, and win the money. And you did both. Any regrets, looking back?"

I thought about it. I thought about the first game, when I'd been so naively stupid to chase after a guy that was using me. I thought about how much it had hurt to see myself on TV and realize that I didn't like what I saw.

And I thought about Endurance Island: Power Players. I thought about Jendan, and how I'd constantly wondered if I was making the right choices in holding him at arm's length. How I'd played fast, hard, and dirty...and still won the money. How I'd been able to watch every episode and say to myself, yes, that's the real Annabelle. That's her, with the sunburn on her girl parts, sand between her toes, eating boiled bats and gritty seaweed. That's her voting out the guy she likes to stick to her guns. That's her deliberately sabotaging others to get ahead...because she finally realizes it's a game, not real life.

And that's her with a million dollars, pride in herself, and in a relationship with the right guy.

So I smiled at Chip. "No regrets."

** The End **

