Chapter 1

I'm trying to focus on the menu, but I'm too giddy, which is weird for me. I don't blush. I don't get butterflies. Not over some guy.

But here I am, and my stomach feels fluttery. Maybe it's indigestion, from the barbecue ribs I had for lunch. Sure, we'll say it's that, and not that I've gone soft and turned into a girlie girl.

The waitress comes by, and we tell her we need more time.

Well, he tells her we need more time. I just stare across the table in wonder. Something's happening with me and a cute guy, and it's happening right now. I feel so girlie, I may even bite my lower lip.

After the waitress walks away, the cute guy tilts his head to the side and really looks at me. I tilt my head to mirror him and do the same.

He's got long hair, for a guy. It's not long enough for a ponytail, which is good, because no self-respecting guy should wear a ponytail. When you're wrestling, it's too easy to grab the ponytail and crush his face into the mat.

This guy's cute, though. Okay, so he's a little on the short side, but other than that, he's perfect.

Perfect... except for the goatee.

But besides the long hair, the shortness, and the goatee, he's perfect.

My date and I are at Delilah's Cafe, sharing a meal. I didn't even know his name an hour ago, and now I'm having dinner with Duncan, the owner of Sweet Caroline Antiques.

Is he picking out my flaws, too? Is he noticing that one of my green eyes is a little higher than the other, and the tip of my nose isn't quite straight? My mother had difficulty pushing me out, and it deviated my septum at birth. My sister was born by C-section, so her nose is perfect, plus she had a lovely round head that everyone admired-or so I've heard. Aunt Jane carries on about my perfect sister a lot.

Duncan's eyes, which are nearly the same green as mine, make their way to the top of my head, then follow my wavy brown hair down to my shoulders. He stares at my chest just long enough for me to know that he's noticed I have boobs, but not long enough to mentally undress them.

Now he's looking at my chin. What's so interesting about my chin? I wish he'd look at my boobs a little more. What do girlie girls do in a situation like this? Move their arms and squeeze the boobs together? I can't do that. I'm surprised to even be here.

I sure wasn't expecting this whole date thing when I stopped into the antiques store right after closing the flower shop for the day. I only went in to welcome them to the street, and see if they had any special vases, because sometimes customers turn their noses up at the inexpensive ones we carry.

Duncan showed me what he had in the way of vases-which wasn't much-and then he asked me on a date.

Well, technically, he asked me if Delilah's was any good for dinner, and then technically I asked him on a date, but when I tell my sister about all of this, I'll leave that part out.

Then again, maybe I won't tell my sister about this. She'll give me that look of pity, and I don't want her pity.

Tina has always been lucky with guys. They take one look at her, and fall deeply in love. It was just a few months ago, in the spring, when Luca Lowell first came to Baker Street with his garage. Little did he know he was going to suffer a love-lobotomy.

Luca took one look at my perfect, gorgeous sister, and then part of his brain just pulled away from the rest and walked right out his ear and down into his pants. Or maybe the missing brains went into his heart. I don't know what happens to guys when they get that stupid look on their faces, because it never happens to me.

Luca had it bad, though. He even came into the flower shop and personally hand-sold a thousand dollars' worth of flowers, just so Tina could take the next morning off and have brunch with him.

I have to give him credit: It was a pretty sweet trick. And I like the guy. We're buds now.

Now I'm in the same restaurant where Tina and Luca had their first date. Is this a sign? A good omen? Is my losing streak over?

I stare across the table at Duncan's green eyes, and I wonder... is he the one? I sure hope Duncan's not one of those insecure guys who can't take a joke. Those guys are the worst. My last sorta-boyfriend said I was always emasculating him. I told him to grow some balls, and then also grow some hair on the balls. He didn't think that was funny.

After we broke up, I sent him a box of tampons by mail. He didn't think was funny, either.

No sense of humor.

Most guys do not get me, but I have a feeling Duncan is different. Back in the antiques store, he made a crack about handjobs and stepmothers. His joke made me feel uncomfortable, and I liked it.

I'm all about personal growth, and getting out of my comfort zone. That's why I'm going to a self-help group, and trying to take more risks in life. That's why I asked Duncan out on a date, even though he's short and has a goatee.

I'm looking forward to telling my self-help group about this date. Some of the people there would never be brave enough to ask someone out for dinner. My heart just aches for people who won't take a risk.

One of the older guys in the group told me last week that my honesty has helped him a lot. He gave me a big hug, and in his wrinkly arms, I felt like maybe I'd found my reason for being on this planet. I felt like maybe all the loneliness and time with my thoughts was actually worth something.

The waitress comes back, and Duncan orders a pizza with onions and roasted garlic. So much for a makeout session later. I smile politely and order a plain cheese pizza.

After the waitress walks away, Duncan says, "All that time with the menu, and you order a plain cheese pizza?"

"You're on a date with a girl and you order onions and garlic?"

His green eyes crinkle at the corners. "This is a date?"

His words feel like a slap across my face. He's making fun of me. Suddenly, I feel disgusting and ugly. I never was the pretty girl that guys liked. I'm the late-night booty call. I'm the one they might settle for, just for now.

The butterflies inside me turn into a marching army of little green soldiers, stabbing me in the guts with bayonets.

What was I thinking? I must be wearing a cosmic Kick Me sign that everyone but me can see.

"No, it's not a date," I snap back. "It's an interview to be my new g*y bestie, but I don't think you're g*y enough." I mean to sound sarcastic and witty, like someone on an HBO comedy, but my words come out like they're drenched in venom. "You own an antiques store, so you must be g*y, right? I thought g*ys had good fashion sense, so what's up with the goatee?"

Oh, no.

It's happening again.

He turns his head to the side, giving me a suspicious look. "Megan, what did you say your nickname was?"

Wishing I hadn't mentioned it back at the antiques store, I swallow and say softly, "Meenie. My sister's name is Tina, so we're Teenie and Meenie. It's a rhyming thing, not because I'm not mean."

He blinks. "I didn't say you were mean."

No, he didn't say it, but now he's thinking it. I can see it all over his face.

I look down at the table, avoiding his scrutiny. "People like to say I'm mean. But that's just because they're insecure and can't take a joke."

"Is that so?" he says calmly.

I can feel the attitude running through my body, making my head twitch to the side. "Most people can't take a joke, or the truth, for that matter. But I can take it. I wish more people were honest, and got to the point. Small talk is the worst."

He's quiet, so I glance up to see his reaction. I'm hoping he'll laugh and agree with me, but he doesn't. He's not a cool dude like Luca. Not many guys are.

Duncan picks up his import beer and takes a long swallow straight from the bottle. It's a light beer. Shit. That should have been my first clue he was the sensitive type. Or vain. Or both.

He keeps his green eyes open and on me the whole time he drinks.

I look around for the waitress. "Wow, I am so hungry. We should order some nachos."

He wipes his mouth with the back of his hand and sets the bottle down carefully.

"You must do some really nice flower arrangements at the shop," he says.

"We do. Why?"

"Because that attitude of yours would drive you out of business if you didn't. I wouldn't hire you to sweep my floors, much less talk to customers." He pauses to let the words sink in, then says, "How's that for some truth, Meenie?"

This date is over. I push my chair back and dig through my purse for some money. I toss some bills on the table and get to my feet.

I open my mouth to tell him I just remembered that I have a group therapy meeting tonight, and I can't stay for dinner after all.

But all that comes out is, "You're short, and your goatee makes your mouth look like a lady's privates."

I turn and walk out of Delilah's as fast as I can without running.

Outside, I turn down the side street and pick up the pace.

I mutter under my breath, "What the hell, Meenie? Why do you have to be so aggressive? No wonder you don't have any friends or a boyfriend. You're hopeless. You thought you were making progress with your stupid self-help group, but you're getting worse and worse every day. You should just give up and stop trying. Go to a shelter and get a dozen rescue cats and be done with it."

I keep walking and muttering to myself like the unhinged and unlovable person that I am.

Chapter 2

I get home, walk in the door, and toss myself face down on the sofa. The pillows smell like my mother's perfume.

Sadness burns in my lungs. I miss my mother, who's traipsing around Europe like she's Julia Roberts on a magical zero-calorie pasta binge.

I'm about to start a massively self-indulgent sob session when I feel cat feet on the backs of my legs and then my back.

Muffin has sensed that I need his furry comfort, and begins kneading my back, between my shoulder blades. Of course I am still in deep despair over the disaster that was my almost-date, but one cannot wallow in despair when a loving ginger cat is giving you a compassionate back massage.

He leans forward and gives my earlobe a nip.

"Muffin, I thought you loved me, but you just want tuna, don't you?"

He purrs louder, and nips my ear again, harder this time.

Cursing him, I get up and walk to the kitchen. The orange cat follows along, trotting on his white-socked feet, a look of pretend surprise on his face. Oh, you're going to the kitchen? Oh, you're opening the fridge? What? There's tuna in there? In that can? For meeeeee? Well, I suppose if you insist!

I sprinkle his blood pressure medication onto a tablespoon full of low sodium tuna. He'd love the whole can, but it would give him painful gas and irritate his pancreas. Then I'd have to google feline forums and get the cold sweats over cat care disasters.

The powder turns bright green. Opening the capsules with my thumbnail and doing this always reminds me of a Disney witch, happily poisoning children. Sometimes I cackle.

Muffin doesn't care what I say or how I laugh, as long as I deliver the goods.

Once he's been taken care of, I give the countertops a wipe down and pull out the canisters to do some baking. I tap the radio on with flour-dusted fingers, and then lose myself in classical music and a divine batch of cinnamon buns.

My unhappiness over what happened with Duncan is still present, but it's more of a dull ache than a raw hurt. I'm practicing one of the things I learned at group-procrastination. When I think about bad thoughts, I tell myself I'll just worry about it later.

Meenie, you told Duncan his goatee makes his mouth look like a lady's privates.

Did I? Oh, well. I'll worry about that later. I've got to put on a fresh shirt for group, because this one's covered in flour.

Meenie, no man can ever love you.

Really? Is this because-oh, wait. I'd better think about this some other time, when I can truly focus on the issue. I'll worry about this later. Not now.

I pull into the parking lot for the community center and park my mother's big Cadillac at the far end, where it won't get dinged. I like this big car. It makes me look skinny.

I'm already late for the group session, but I have a pan of cinnamon buns, so I'm okay. This group loves my baking. I could probably murder one of them at random, and the others would help me bury the body, if I had cinnamon buns.

I walk down the hallway, past the community bulletin board, and arrive at the door to Room 3C.

Most groups will put a sign on the door saying what the meeting is for. Our coach just tapes a small business card on the door-a business card that is really not that descriptive.

The door to Room 3C opens with a squeak.

Our coach, a pretty blonde named Feather, waves for me to come in. I put the cinnamon buns on the back table, careful to keep the plastic wrap on so the smell isn't distracting, and I take an empty chair in the circle.

One of the older ladies, the librarian, is sharing the news that things are going well with the widower she's dating. When she talks, my eyes get leaky. I'm happy for her, finding not one, but two great loves in a lifetime. It gives me hope that maybe if I'm half as decent a person as her, I might get half as lucky. That would be enough.

Feather leads the group like a true professional, offering some comments and asking the group for thoughts before moving to the next person.

Someone raises his hand, and everyone turns with interest.

I turn as well, and for an instant, the chair under me disappears and I feel like I'm falling.

There's a new guy, and he's hottt. That's HOTTT with three T's.

First of all, he's wearing a suit. It's 8:15 on a hot Tuesday night in August, we're at a community center that's showing its budget cuts, and the guy is dressed for... I don't know, the opera? He's got that fancy pants look to him. Good breeding. Like generations of his ancestors selected their partners based on a points system. I think racehorses are bred that way.

His hair is dark, but not black. He's around thirty, and if his hairline is receding, it's at a rate of one follicle per year. His brown eyes look sharp and inquisitive. He glances at me, then looks away almost immediately, as though he figured me out in a microsecond. As I stare at his perfectly-square, thoroughbred-horse-like jawline, I long for him to flick his attention back over to me and linger.

Instead, he says to our group's coach, "How does this whole thing work? How many sessions does it take for people to fix their problems?"

I hear a collective gasp from the whole group. I can't help but smirk. Feather tucks her pale, perfectly straight hair behind her ear and licks her lips. She always does that before she rips someone a new butthole.

As she collects her ammunition of words, her pretty earrings swing gently. People always give her feather-themed jewelry, because of her unusual name.

Feather says, with authority, "Andrew-"

"Drew," he says, cutting her off. He turns on the grin to soften his rudeness. Damn it, the smile works. His teeth are bright and perfect.

"Drew, I'd like to tell you how many sessions it takes before a person solves their problems, but first, you tell me: How many ties should a man own?"

He blinks and pulls his head back, seemingly caught off guard by Feather's question. His smile becomes a genuine one, a dimple forming in the cheek visible to me.

"As many as he wants," Drew says. He looks down at his own tie, a simple blue pinstripe. He frowns at the tie, as if seeing it for the first time.

"Exactly," Feather says.

He keeps looking at the tie, all his seriousness gone.

"I don't even like this tie," he says, laughing.

Oh, be still my beating heart. A good-looking man, laughing at himself? Marry me, New Guy Named Drew. Sweep me up in your thoroughbred-horse arms and carry me off to make sweet, sweet-

"Forget the tie," Feather says. "If you need help with your style, you can schedule one of my assistants for one-on-one personal shopping. Why don't you share a few words about why you're here?"

"If I give it up now, I'll have nothing left for next week," he says, chuckling.

Feather nods, makes a note in her little notebook, and turns to the person seated next to the librarian, a white-haired lady who's been part of the group since long before I started. "Let's hear from you, Abbie. Have you been making progress talking to your sister about your mother's reluctance to move into a home?"

With the sigh of someone who's been waiting to be asked, the woman starts talking about her family drama. Well, I shouldn't say drama. That word implies that someones problem's aren't real. Feather doesn't like us to say drama.

I put on my best I'm-listening expression and try to pay attention to Abbie. I'm distracted by Drew, though. He's also paying attention to Abbie. His well-bred dark brown eyebrows push together in concern. He's also slowly loosening and removing his tie.

Wow.

Paying attention to a woman talking about her problems, AND undressing at the same time? Be still my... everything. I think I've just discovered the equivalent of p**n ography for women, and it's this.

I want to sit on Drew's lap, cradle his head in my hands, and lick every square inch of his face.

What's happening to me? Licking his face? Is this because I didn't eat dinner, and I can smell the light sweetness wafting over from the cinnamon buns? Why are my boobs feeling so sensitive? This room is warm, but I swear my ni**les are hard right now.

For the next hour, I do my best to keep my face pointed at whoever is speaking. My eyes, however, keep darting over to explore every visible part of Drew.

I'm getting the same feelings I get watching Patrick Swayze movies, by which I mean I'm getting some very intimate sensations. Yearning sensations.

Suddenly, it's my turn to talk. All eyes are on me, including Drew's.

"I went on a date and it was really bad," I blurt out.

Everybody is very still. I definitely have their attention, and Drew's. I want him to like me, and this is my only chance. We get a lot of people who come to the group once and never come back. We call them sightseers. Drew seems like one of those people.

Everyone is waiting, so I keep talking about my awkward date. "The guy was totally rude. Everything happened so fast. One minute we were ordering pizza, and then he was saying he wouldn't hire me to sweep his floors."

Drew straightens up in his chair, looking outraged. "Was this during an interview?"

"No. I thought it was a date."

Drew looks even more outraged than I feel. "Do I need to kick his ass? Just say the word, and I'll take care of this jerk."

A flush of warmth like I've never experienced before washes over me. "He didn't threaten me. He was just... mean. He said mean things."

Drew's jaw gets even more rugged and sexy as he grits his teeth. "Just say the word, and I'll give him a little chat."

I get so warm, I'm in danger of melting into a puddle of goo.

Around the group's circle, everyone starts talking at once, and Feather has to clap her hands to get everyone's attention.

She finally gets the group calm, and then we go through and share reactions. Some people tell me I was brave to put myself out there on a date, and I should keep trying.

I barely hear a word that anyone else is saying. Every time I look over at Drew, he's looking back at me. I'm still thinking about sitting on his lap and licking his whole face.

I don't know why I'm suddenly such a freak. This kind of instant crush and weird face-licking fetish has never happened to me before, I swear.

I feel the way I did the first time I watched Dirty Dancing.

Drew keeps looking at me like he feels it, too.

Yes, this attraction is real, and it's bigger than both of us.

Chapter 3

My insides are fluttering for the second time of the day when the formal part of tonight's session ends.

We have twelve members present tonight, but they sound like three times as many when they stampede to the back table for refreshments. Everyone dives into the snacks and thermos of half-decaffeinated (or half-caffeinated, if you're an optimist) coffee.

The cinnamon buns are a hit. As usual, people joke about calling our little group Carbohydrate Lovers Anonymous.

Abbie wields a shining spatula, her big grin taking ten years off her face. "I'm Abbie, and I'm a Carboholic! Oh, Meenie, you spoil us so good."

The object of my Patrick-Swayze-like affection, Drew, pauses mid-pour of a half-decaf. His brown eyes twinkle as he says to Abbie, "Excuse me, but did you just call this nice girl a meanie?"

Abbie excavates cinnamon buns and distributes them on paper plates. "She's Meenie with two E's." She blinks at me, frowning. "Sorry, love, I don't remember if that's your real name or a nickname. Is it ethnic? You don't look ethnic to me, but I don't see color. I adore everyone. Unlike my sister, who has a problem with the kinds of ethnic people working at the seniors facility."

Feather interrupts to remind Abbie that we don't talk about our big issues during the coffee chat. This time is supposed to be for pleasantries only.

After Feather leaves the area, Drew walks right over to me and leans in close. Is he smelling my hair? He's practically touching his beautiful chiseled cheekbone to mine.

His voice low and rumbling, he murmurs, "Did you hear that? We'd better stick to pleasantries, or we'll get in trouble." He leans back and gives me another dimpled grin. "She runs a tight ship."

"But she is a great coach. You made a good choice coming here. She'll definitely help you with your issues, which are..."

He gives me a devious look. "You're trying to get me in trouble."

I roll my eyes. "I know you're not here for booze or gambling, because there are dedicated groups down the hall."

He brings the paper cup of watered down coffee up to his lips and takes a sip. This gives me a special moment to enjoy looking at his mouth, which is certainly no disappointment.

Around us, everyone chatters happily over the food and coffee. I look up at the top of Drew's head, at his lush, dark brown hair. Unlike Duncan, there's nothing short about him. I have to look way up at him, so he's well over six feet tall. The impeccable dark blue suit makes him look even taller.

I turn away to grab a bottle of orange juice from the table. When I turn back around, I see he's followed me.

He moves toward me, his elbows nudging out at his sides to make him wide like a wall. I step back. He grins and keeps moving, tacking from side to side.

"Are you herding me?" I ask.

"Woof."

I keep backing up, terrified that if I stop moving, he'll collide into me and I'll spontaneously cl**ax from his touch and let out embarrassing coitus moans. I haven't known the lust of a man in quite some time, let alone a HOTTT with 3 T's man.

"I'm not a sheep," I tell him. "I'm the opposite of a sheep, or lamb, or whatever. I'm very opinionated, and I have a unique sense of humor that most guys can't handle."

He keeps herding me, pushing me away from the herd. "Woof."

He doesn't stop until we're by the window, overlooking the courtyard. The sun has set, and the shrubs and garden are brightly lit by security lights and strings of white fairy lights.

I stop with my back to the window. There's nowhere left to go.

He looks down at my chest with interest. This low cut shirt I borrowed from my mother's closet is really pulling some interest today.

Huskily, he says, "How long do pleasantries usually last?"

I clear my throat and try to look coy. "Don't tell me you're one of those guys who goes to self-help groups to pick up chicks with low self esteem."

"What if I am? That sounds like a lot more fun than my usual Tuesday nights, which involve earplugs. Would you like it if I was that kind of guy?"

His words stir conflicting emotions in me. I'm definitely in a pit of low self esteem, and I'd love to have Drew's gorgeous arms reach down and pull me out. I can't see his arms through his suit jacket, but I know they're bound to be as perfect as the rest of him.

He sips his coffee again, wincing at the taste. "What is this, chicory?"

"My sister says all coffee tastes like a goat's backside, even the good stuff."

He glances over at the group, then back at me. The gesture makes me feel like I'm the most interesting person in the room. He keeps gazing into my eyes, until I feel like the most interesting person in the whole world.

"You have a sister? What's that like?"

"I love my sister. She's also my best friend." I unscrew the cap from my orange juice bottle and raise it to my mouth.

He licks his lips, then says, "If your sister's half as pretty as you, she must be a knockout."

I choke on his compliment. Literally. The orange juice in my mouth has nowhere to go. I expel the juice from my mouth, spraying it all over Drew's crisp jacket and equally crisp dress shirt.

He doesn't back away or flinch. He nods his head down to one side, sticks out his tongue, and licks a few beads of orange juice from his shoulder.

"A much better choice than the coffee," he says.

"That juice was in my mouth."

"Should I be worried? Where else has your mouth been?"

A warm sensation creeps up my body and through my neck. The warm feeling extends to my cheeks. Am I sick? What's happening? Oh my goodness, I'm blushing. It's such an unusual sensation. I never blush.

This guy is making me blush, with his sexy smoldering brown eyes, and his innuendo about where my mouth has been.

He doesn't seem at all concerned about the orange juice that's settling into his expensive suit. His gaze doesn't stray much from my face, except to move down to my cle**age and then back up again. He's watching me like he's a bounty hunter and I've got a million-dollar contract on my head.

I casually bring the orange juice back up to my lips and take another drink. I'm careful to swallow this time. I finish the whole bottle, and he takes the empty from my hand.

"Mouth clear?" he asks.

"All out of ammunition." I open my mouth and stick out my tongue to show him.

"Good, because I have a request." Staring steadily into my eyes, he says, "I'd like to get my hands on your buns."

"Tonight?"

"Right now."

Now, I'm not an idiot. I know he's making a joke based on the cinnamon buns, but I also know he's making a play for my other buns. Cute as he is, this needs to stop right here. I'm not as stupid as I used to be.

"Listen, Drew. You are an attractive man, and I'm definitely suffering from low self-esteem right now. Part of me is screaming yes, but my brain is saying no."

He keeps listening.

I shake my head emphatically. "I'm not into hookups. A few years ago, sure. I would have trotted right out of here with any cute guy who showed interest. But what I've learned is that guys like you are... terrible at sex. Just terrible."

The smile drops off his face instantly. "Guys like me? What do you mean?"

"You good-looking guys make a sport out of sleeping with as many girls as they can. You're all about the quantity, not the quality. Oh, you'll buy a quality suit, and a quality car, and one day you'll get married to a quality woman who's either an idiot or a liar, but right now you're only interested in the cheap buffet." I point my thumb at my face. "But this cheap little carbohydrate is off the menu."

His eyebrows pull together in a very sexy frown that almost makes me eat my words. "You're what they call a complicated woman," he says.

"Complicated. Hmmm. Isn't that the word they use in magazines to describe someone who's a bitch?"

"We just met. We don't even know each other, and you told me I'm terrible at sex. How could you know that?"

"I guess I am pretty complicated after all."

His shoulders rise as he takes a deep breath. "Maybe complicated is exactly what I need. In my job, I'm the one giving all the orders. Nobody stands up to me and calls me on my bullshit."

"Is that why you're here? Bad relationships? Bad choices? What? I'm dying of curiosity here."

Very plainly, he says, "If I knew, I'd tell you."

"There's always next week. I hope you're more than a sightseer."

He pushes his left jacket sleeve up to reveal a flashy-looking watch.

"Time flies when you're having fun," he says.

He keeps backing away from me, but he's moving slowly, like this is a game, and he's waiting for me to say the magic words.

"Don't let big, bad Meenie scare you off," I say.

His dark eyes flash with annoyance. I smile inwardly. I've struck a nerve.

He stops retreating. "It was nice meeting you, and I hope you find what you're looking for." His tone has the ring of someone saying goodbye, not of someone who's coming back next week.

"Drew, never mind me. This is an excellent support group. You'd be stupid not to come back."

"You don't know me."

"Well, maybe you should call up that girl who took your balls and ask if you can have them back. Get your balls out of her purse, then stick them back on."

"My balls?" His eyebrows raise higher and higher, until they look like they're trying to merge with his handsome hairline. Now that he's speechless, I want to lick his face more than ever. I bet his cheeks taste like orange juice.

I should shut up now. Or I should apologize for insulting him.

Instead, I keep going, my head bobbing with attitude.

"Yes, Drew. Your balls. If memory serves me correctly, they fasten right under your dick. Do that, and then come back next Tuesday, and work on your personal shit. Like a man. Like a grown, adult man."

He blinks, clears his throat, turns around on the heel of one Italian leather shoe, and walks straight toward the exit of Room 3C.

And that's the end of New Guy Drew.

He doesn't say a word to anyone on his way out. He drops the empty orange juice bottle and coffee cup in the bins by the door. He takes the time to sort out which is recyclable and which is garbage.

I feel terrible. He recycles. He might come off as sensitive and touchy, but a guy who recycles can't be that bad.

He reaches for the door handle.

Time slows down and my surroundings come into focus. Abbie and the other seniors laugh as they declare themselves Chocoholics. They're such lovable goofs. This group is diverse, but what they have in common is they all have good hearts. Every one of them would gladly give up a moment of happiness to share the sorrow of another.

And then there's me. Driving people away.

I should stop Drew, if only for business reasons. Feather lets people drop in to their first session for free, so she only makes money if people come back. Now I've gone and scared away one of her potential clients.

Drew pulls open the door.

I shouldn't have said his balls are in a lady's purse. But if I go after him, the truth will come out about what I said to drive him away. The others will know I'm not kindhearted like them.

Drew slips out without anyone but me noticing.

A guilty, shameful feeling slips over me like a dark cloak.

I'm poison.

I'm toxic to other human beings, and myself.

I am, quite simply, the worst.

But I don't want to be like this. I want to be sunny and nice. I want a guy to like me. I want Drew to like me.

Things never turn out with me and guys, and I keep thinking maybe it's the guys I pick. They definitely can't handle my honesty.

But I'm getting a feeling that maybe the problem is bigger than that.

Maybe the problem is me.

Chapter 4

I wake up Wednesday morning to sweet little kisses.

Muffin is on my chest, licking my chin and rubbing his wet nose on my mouth. I open my eyes. He looks at me like he's truly surprised I'm not sleeping right through the application of his snot to my face.

"Good morning, Prince Charming," I say.

He pulls his face back, disgusted by my morning breath. Of course. He licks his own butt, yet my morning breath offends him.

Muffin retreats to the foot of the bed and stretches his ginger-orange body out. You'd think I bought the seafoam green bedding just because it was a perfect complement to his fur. And you'd be right. I did.

We get up, and I feed him his wet food on the porch so the smell doesn't get in my nose while I'm having breakfast. I sit by the window and look out at the back yard. My sister Tina lives back there, in the former garage that my mother converted into a cottage. She was going to rent it out, but Tina parked herself in there, and Tina always gets what she wants.

I crunch my toast and stare at the windows of the cottage. The blinds are closed, which means Luca is staying over.

He's basically the perfect guy, from looks to personality. I'm really glad he's in Tina's life, and I'm truly happy for both of them, but seeing them together has brought back some old feelings. Bad feelings I'm ashamed of.

When we were growing up, I was always in Tina's shadow. We're close in age, only eleven months apart. My mother was breastfeeding her when she got pregnant with me by accident.

At first, I did better than Tina. When it was time for me to emerge from the womb, I rolled my tiny body around just like babies are supposed to, according to the baby manual. My mother wanted another C-section, but the doctors said she didn't need it.

Out I came, a day later, with my pointy head and tilted nose-almost as cute as baby Tina, but not quite.

In school, I was almost as good at Tina in every subject. As teenagers, she did some modeling, and I didn't.

I decided to do something she'd never tried, and joined the girls' wrestling team in high school. Tina came to my first match and was fascinated.

That night, we were watching TV with Mom and Tina said she wanted to join the wrestling team. I suggested she try the drama club. Within seconds, she had the coffee table pushed aside, and we were tangling with each other on the area rug, both of us laughing like maniacs.

My mother said, "Teenie, wouldn't it be nice to let Meenie have something just to herself?"

With my sister distracted, I slammed her down and crushed her face into the floral rug. It felt good.

"It's okay, Mom," I said. "Teenie can join wrestling with me. I don't mind."

My mother nodded and gave me a knowing look, as if to say, I completely understand your desire to kick your perfect older sister's ass, and I approve of this adult-supervised method of doing so.

What my mother didn't know was how much trouble we would get into on trips to other towns for matches. My sister started dating Jonathan not long after we started wrestling, so she was off the dating market, but I got my pick of all her would-be suitors. And wrestlers are hot.

I had a lot of fun, but I'm twenty-seven now, and things with guys my age are changing. When you're younger, guys are into girls, period. Girls. Any kind.

But now, guys seem more choosey. It's like there are two types of girls: the marrying kind, and the okay-for-now kind.

I look down at my toast and tap the crumbs onto the plate, fighting down a wave of pathetic sorrow. I'm having breakfast alone right now because I'm not the marrying kind.

Last night, I met two different cute guys, and I struck out with both of them.

I didn't realize my situation was this bad. When Luca was first chasing after Tina, he and I got along well. I was never after him for myself, of course, but I'd indulged in a fantasy that he might have a brother... perhaps a slightly less perfect, less handsome, less amazing version of himself.

Unfortunately, though, Luca doesn't have a brother. That's why the only sweet little kisses I'll be getting in the morning, for the rest of my days, will be coming from a whiskered companion who licks his own butt.

Fine. I accept my fate.

I clear up the breakfast dishes and check the time. I wonder what Drew, the new guy I drove away from the group, is doing right now. Is he sorting through his ties for one he likes? In my mind, I can see him shaving his perfect, handsome face, then pulling on a crisp, clean dress shirt.

I wonder what kind of job he has, and why he came to our group. Since he's probably not coming back, I'll never know.

What can I do? What can I do to stop driving guys away?

My eyes dart over, seemingly with a mind of their own, to the business card I took from Duncan's antique shop.

I'll start making amends. That's what I'll do.

Tina will be opening the flower shop today, so I've got the morning free, and I'll make amends with Duncan.

It can't hurt to try to be nice, can it?

Chapter 5

I walk into Sweet Caroline Antiques, where I'm shocked to find Duncan chatting with the actor, Matthew McConnaughey.

Matthew grins and says, "All right, all right!"

When he turns to look me up and down, I realize the guy is not the famous actor, but someone who looks an awful lot like him.

Duncan says, "Thanks, Cooper. I know Charlie said to forget about finding her, but he doesn't mean it. I'll tell him the good news tonight."

"Road trip," the guy says, grinning.

Duncan gives me a polite nod, not acknowledging that I'm anything more to him than a potential customer.

I walk over to a cabinet full of tea cups and pretend to be interested, while listening in.

Duncan and the guy talk for a few for minutes about some girl they've tracked down in Arizona, then the not-Matthew-McConnaughey guy leaves.

I turn around and say, "Private detective?"

Duncan puffs out his chest and runs his hand through his long, sandy brown hair. He looks cuter than I remembered, like someone who should be on a surfboard, not standing behind the counter of a little antiques store.

"Who wants to know?" he answers, his tone light and teasing. "Do you need to hire a detective to search for your manners?"

I keep staring at his face, until I realize what's different. "No, but there has been a mysterious goatee disappearance."

Duncan rubs his smooth chin. "I'd been meaning to shave it off anyway. Don't think I did it on account of you saying my mouth looked like a you-know-what."

"A lady's private business."

He winces. "Regardless, I'm glad you stopped in. I don't know what I said or did last night that set you off, but I'm the guy, so whatever it was, I'm sure you think it was my fault."

I walk around some oak tables, getting closer to the counter where Duncan's standing, but I keep moving past him, as though my primary motivation is shopping.

I run my fingers over some honey-stained oak. "We can split the blame, fifty-fifty."

"Sure. Let's try to be friends, since we're practically neighbors."

"I was joking about the g*y husband thing, but that wasn't right of me. I don't care what you are." I keep moving deeper into the shop, where the smell of fresh varnish and furniture polish is stronger. "My family raised me and my sister to accept all people, and I do. Not just because of how I was raised, but because it's only right. If I ever joke about something, I'm joking about the stereotype itself, and not the person."

"I'm not g*y," he says. "But between you and me, if a couple of guys with expensive shoes come into my shop and get excited over redecorating an entire house, I do start to speak... a little more like this." His voice goes up and becomes more precise. "That sideboard absolutely must not be split up from the matching table."

"You're bad," I say, laughing. I keep looking around, and Duncan busies himself with some paperwork behind the counter.

After a minute, he says, completely out of the blue, "You're pretty."

"What?" I look around to see if someone else has come in the door.

"I have an eye for beauty," he explains. "I go to auctions all the time, and I always get the deals. The key is being able to spot value, being able to tell trash from the real deal."

I frown at him, unsure if I should be offended or flattered. "So, you're saying I'm not trash?"

"I'm saying you're the real deal, and you're pretty. Please don't take this the wrong way, but you're just not my type."

His words are probably said with a kind intent, but they still sting to hear. I snap back with, "You're not my type, either. I like a guy with balls."

His mouth opens, like he's about to say something brutal-something I probably deserve to hear-but then he stops himself. "Good luck with that," he says softly as he pulls his phone from his pocket.

I cross my arms, hunch over to make myself small, and weave my way around the furniture. "This place is like a maze," I mutter under my breath.

"Good to see you," he calls after me. "I'm heading out of town for a few days, but I'll see you around."

I drop venom-filled words like water bombs. "Not if I see you first!"

Chapter 6

I am ashamed of how desperately I want to be loved.

Six days have gone by since my failed apology to Duncan, and I still feel lousy about my inability to be nice.

It's Tuesday, and I've taken the entire day off work, just so I can make ridiculously complicated treats for the self-help group tonight.

I'm being silly. Those carboholics would be more than happy with a simple jelly roll, or cookies. But here I am, slaving away in my mother's kitchen all day, making petit fours-tiny French tea cakes with delicate flower decorations.

I've been planning this since last Wednesday, when my attempts to make amends with Duncan at the antiques store blew up in my face.

I keep trying to procrastinate my anxiety, but I can't push away these thoughts about Duncan. (Duncan, then Drew, then Duncan again. I'm cursed by problems with D-named guys. Must be something in my horoscope.)

Now Duncan's in my head. He's not paying rent in there, but he's my noisy tenant and I can't kick him out.

Duncan's words keep ringing in my ears. "Please don't take this the wrong way, but you're just not my type."

Whenever someone asks you to not take something the wrong way, they should have the decency to explain exactly how you're supposed to take it the right way. He said: not my type. What the hell? Is that supposed to be a compliment? It's not like Duncan said, "I like wrinkly old ladies with big hairy moles, therefore you're not my type."

He said he had an eye for beauty, or value, or something like that. I don't remember that part. Just the kick in the ovaries that was his not-my-type rejection.

I'm finally finished toiling over the petit fours, and I carefully transfer them over to a serving tray. Now I have a new problem. They're too perfect. Everyone will think I bought them from a bakery. Growling with impatience, I grab some leftover icing and petals, and smudge up a third of them so they don't look so perfect.

"Meenie, you are unhinged," I mutter to myself.

I get ready for group, rummaging through my closet for a fresh shirt. I want something with attitude, so I grab my trusty 'I Love Beijing' shirt. It looks like a classic 'I Love New York' shirt, only instead of NY, it says BJ.

Yes, I'm going to self-help group wearing an I heart BJ shirt. That's just how I roll!

To class myself up, I spend some extra minutes on makeup.

I'm going to come clean tonight. I'm going to throw myself upon the mercy of the group, and tell them the whole truth. I won't tell some edited half-truths about why my interactions with guys end in disaster. I'll admit that I talk way too much about guys' balls-specifically, their lack of them.

Then Feather will give me a diagnosis-probably some therapy crap about blah-blah-who-knows-and then I'll get a list of what to do, and I'll cure myself of talking about balls.

It's going to be great! I feel better already. This is totally going to work.

I'm the first to arrive at room 3C, so I start setting out chairs. Feather comes in next, floating on a cloud of that special beauty and happiness that only natural blondes who are married to sexy hotel owners have.

"How are you doing, Meenie?" she asks, looking over the tiny square cakes set up on the snack table.

"Pretty good."

She tucks her perfect, platinum blond hair behind one ear. "The last time I saw you bring something so elaborate, your grandmother had just passed away. Is there anything you'd like to talk about before the others get here?"

I stare at her perfect lips and think about the rumor I heard-that she met her husband when he hired her to kiss him. Her kissing magically cured him in some unspecified way I spend far too much time thinking about. She's so pretty. I'm not into girls, but damn it, I'd probably kiss her too, if she felt it would help my situation.

"Do you think my name is a problem?" I set out the final chair and stand behind it, resting my palms on the back. "I'm just thinking that people take on the qualities of their name. You look like a feather. You're dainty and wispy. You're soft and soothing to people, but you still have that core of strength."

"That's an interesting idea." She sets out the sign-in book and begins circling the chairs, adjusting each one with precision.

I take a seat in the circle and wait for her to answer my question. Feather likes to take her time and think before she responds. Her answers are always worth the wait. I look down at her sparkling engagement ring and wedding band. Feather's definitely the marrying kind, so I don't know if she can even relate to me on a personal level, but maybe she's had other clients like me.

"Would you prefer that I call you Megan?" she asks.

"I think it might be too late. Everyone knows me as Meenie, and I'd have to constantly correct everyone, and that's not very nice, so there goes that whole idea. Forget I asked. Never mind."

She purses her lips and gives me an amused smile. "It's always interesting how people answer their own questions."

"Do you think I'm mean because of my name?"

"I don't think you're mean." She takes a seat in her usual spot, with her back to the door, and crosses her legs. She quickly adjusts the loose-fitting sweater that falls down over the waist of her long skirt. It's a tiny gesture, but gives away everything.

"Holy shit, you're pregnant, Feather."

Her eyes widen, and she glances over her shoulder at the door to make sure we're alone.

Turning back to me, she's beaming. "Shh. It's not official. Please don't mention this, because my first pregnancy years ago ended in miscarriage. This one's going well so far, but... you know."

I pat my own stomach and nod. "I don't know about babies, but I do own a baby maker, so I'm qualified to pretend I know. Don't worry, I won't tell the others."

She re-adjusts her sweater, so her bump isn't visible. "You're good at noticing things in other people. I hope you'll share something tonight about yourself, if you're ready."

"You know I don't have major problems, though. I'm not a mess like some of the others."

She gives me another amused smile. "Of course not. I remember. You came here that first night because you thought it was a Weight Watchers group."

I nod solemnly. "And I thought it was a good one, because there were so many skinny people in the group."

"At what point did you realize it wasn't Weight Watchers?"

My cheeks get hot. "Halfway through the second meeting."

Feather laughs. "But you kept coming."

I shrug. "I lost five pounds, so it worked."

The door creaks, and the rest of the members start filing in. People sign their names in Feather's book, so she can keep the billing straight. She charges a small fee per drop-in, just to cover her time.

I keep watching the door for Drew. I hope he shows up tonight, even though I also hope he doesn't. I'm so mixed up, feeling two opposite things at once.

Abbie sits beside me. "That's certainly an interesting T-shirt. You've got a lot of guts, Meenie."

I look down at my I heart BJ shirt. "It's for Beijing. I love Beijing."

"Have you been to China?"

"No."

She pats my leg. "I know what a BJ is, dear. There may be snow on the mountain, but there's fire below."

"You wild thing, Abbie."

"I wonder if that young man will come back tonight."

"Who?" I ask, playing dumb.

"Don't worry, dear. He's all yours. I won't fight you for him."

"Oh, that guy. You can have him. I don't like good-looking, well-dressed, sensitive guys."

"Sure, you don't," she says knowingly.

Chapter 7

We start on time for a change, at eight o'clock, and get right down to business. Abbie tells us about the crazy things her sister did this week, and we all offer our support.

I'm up next, and just as I take a breath to start, the door creaks open. Drew steps in, an apologetic grin on his face. Feather gestures to an empty chair, and thirteen sets of eyes watch as Drew unbuttons his suit jacket and takes a seat.

I'm speechless. He's so confident. He looks like a famous actor or model sitting down to do an interview on a talk show. He's way too good looking to be in group therapy. He should be paying for one-on-one. It's not fair to the rest of us. How are we suppose to focus on our problems when we're busy drooling over Drew's square, lickable chin. Or staring at those dazzling brown eyes.

Oh, it just keep getting better. The hem of his suit pants have ridden up enough to reveal his socks, and even his socks are HOTTT with three t's. They're argyle-those interlocking diamond shapes that have a sexy-older-man quality to them.

Feather clears her throat. "Welcome, Drew. I'm sure you'll be on time next week, now that you know where the room is. I guess we'll just keep going. Meenie was about to share something with the group."

I tear my eyes away from Drew and look at the floor. The floor is gray carpet tiles. Not sexy. My eyes flick back up to Drew. He's much nicer to look at.

"Meenie?" Feather snaps her fingers, and a few of the others laugh.

"Oh, balls." I cover my face with my hand and slump down in my chair. "Somebody else go. I can't go. Not if he's here."

There's the collective sound of everyone gasping in breath. My tone was accusing and rude.

I peer through my fingers at Drew. "No offense."

He points to his chest, confused. "Me? Hey, everyone, I'm really sorry I got here late. But if you want me to go, I'll go."

Carla, sitting across from me, says, "Young man, you're bothering Meenie." I look up in surprise. Carla doesn't usually say much at all. She's really worked up, though, saying, "I saw you putting your dirty eyes all over our Meenie last week. This isn't a group for sex addiction, you know."

I start laughing. I'm so overwhelmed with emotion, I think I might even start crying. "He didn't do anything wrong," I tell Carla and the others. The group is quietly listening, so I continue, "Drew did come over and talk to me last week, but he didn't put his 'dirty eyes all over' me. I'm fine, honestly."

"I'm not a sex addict," he says, his voice considerably louder and more forceful than necessary.

A few ladies make ooooh sounds and I hear someone snicker, "Methinks the gentleman doth protest too much."

I pull my hand down from my face and mouth an apology to Drew. I'm sorry.

He locks me in his gaze, and I can't pull away from his dazzling brown eyes. "You were here first," he says, directly to me. "I can find another group. Just say the word, Meenie, and I'll back off." He looks around at the others, meeting their eyes and charming them one by one with his undeniable, palpable, inescapable, unstoppable, overwhelming, so-real-you-can-taste-it, charisma.

I can feel the energy shifting over to take his side. Now I'm the mean one, mean ol' Meenie, driving away the sweet young man with the GQ cologne and the GQ suit and the GQ looks.

"I want nothing more than what's best for the group," Drew says.

He bats his thick, dreamy eyelashes.

All the ladies whip off their panties and throw them at him. Feather uncrosses her legs and gets double-pregnant just by looking at him.

I know! I know! I'm out of control!

There's no such thing as double-pregnant!

I push my chair back and stand up. "I brought f**king TEA CAKES!"

A hush falls over the group.

Now that I'm standing, my full shirt is visible. I can feel everyone reading it. I want to tell them I know, I know. I'm out of control.

Feather smiles sweetly. "Tea cakes? Are you suggesting we take a short break?"

"No! Keep going. I just mean..." I trail off when Drew looks up at me with his big brown eyes, like he's begging me to let him stay.

"Your call," he says, looking all vulnerable and puppy-eyed.

He's wearing an orange tie with splotchy flowers. It's the ugliest tie I've ever seen. I want to grab him by the tie and strangle him. But I also want to hold his face in my hands and nibble his eyebrows.

"You should stay," I tell him. "And I'll stay." I sit back down in my chair with a hard plopping sound and a jolt that goes up my spine. "We'll both stay, and we'll work on all our problems."

"Good," he says.

"Good."

We both turn and look at Feather. She's holding her fingers to her mouth, like she might throw up. Either she's not past the morning sickness phase, or Drew and I are about to make her vomit. This isn't good.

She puts her hand down slowly and rests it on her knee.

"Good," she says. "Drew, why don't you go ahead and share next, while Meenie composes her thoughts."

He rolls his shoulders back, suddenly cocky. All of his humility is instantly gone, and we're back on his talk show. Now what is he going to say?

"I called up the lady who had my balls," Drew says, looking self-satisfied. "I got those balls back, and I tucked them back onto myself, and that's why I'm here." He gives me a fiendish look. "All thanks to Meenie's suggestion."

The group turns to look at me. I can feel their support shifting even further toward Drew, and against me. Even though I spent the entire day making fancy tea cakes, for them. The nerve.

Abbie leans in and whispers, "What does he mean?"

Her whisper is loud enough for the whole group to hear.

Drew doesn't wait for me to answer. "Last week, Meenie tried to drive me away from the group. She said I have no balls. I don't think she meant to, but she seems to be a... complicated girl."

I raise my hand. "That means bitch, everyone. Drew's insulting me. I vote we give him a time out."

This stirs up some noise, and people start to argue. We don't usually do time outs, but it has happened.

Feather gets up from her chair, covering her mouth. "I'm not feeling so great." Her porcelain skin is as white as cake flour. "Excuse me, I just need to use the restroom." She runs clumsily from the room.

Drew gestures to her empty chair with one gorgeous hand. Does he have a manicure? His nails are shiny.

"Meenie, you should take over," he says, laughing. The others join him with their own chuckles. "You seem to like being in control."

I get up and cross over to Feather's chair, calling his bluff.

"First order of business," I announce. "All in favor of giving Drew a time out?"

Everyone but Drew looks down at the ground. I feel like a high school teacher looking for a volunteer to solve a chemistry equation. Drew maintains steady eye contact, his kissable lips curved in a smug grin.

"Fine. I'm complicated," I spit out. "But I was just joking around with you. Can't you take a joke? I've hung out with guys before. Most of my friends in school were other wrestlers, and they constantly razzed each other about their balls. Why is it that some guys can't take the same joke, when it comes from a woman?"

The group is very still, like they're pondering the same question.

One woman raises her hand. Deborah has been coming to the group for a few months now, trying to cope with her anxiety over trying to be the perfect mother. In fact, that's why most of the ladies are here. I'm the only one who doesn't have any major issues, probably because I don't have kids. I only started coming here by accident. I don't have problems like these people do.

Deborah keeps waving her hand. I nod for her to go ahead, and she says, "I was watching a TV show last night, and the wife said something to the man about him not having any balls... and he killed her. He picked up a hammer and just whacked her right on the head."

The group gasps, and Drew starts to laugh. He pretends to wipe tears from the corners of his eyes.

Within seconds, everyone is asking Deborah what TV show it was, and they start talking about the show. One of the younger women pulls out her phone and starts reading text messages, oblivious to everyone. The few older men in the group just look confused.

I'm terrible at leading this group.

My heart sinks. For the past few months, I've been harboring a fantasy that I could be an assistant to Feather, or one day run my own support group. I'd have to take some more courses, like Feather's been doing, but now those dreams are evaporating.

I glance over at the door and rub my damp palms on my jeans. Tonight is a total write-off. I came here to get some wisdom, but clearly fate had other plans.

Total disappointment.

I keep staring at the door and feel a rush of relief as I imagine myself slipping out right now. Maybe my time at this group has run its course, and I should find something else to do Tuesday nights. I hear there's a good pottery studio here at the community center.

I lean down to grab my purse from the floor.

I'm out of here. This chapter of my life is finished.

Chapter 8

My hand passes through empty air where I expect my purse to be. Of course. My purse is not under my chair, because I'm in Feather's seat.

Before I can get up, Drew says to me over the din of everyone else chatting, "Meenie! You lost control over your group. When Feather gets back, you're in trouble."

I shoot back, "Oh, what do you know, Mr. Fancy Manicure? Seriously. Why are your hands so clean and perfect?"

His eyebrows raise, and he moves to fold his hands on his lap, tucking his finders under and hiding his nails.

"Too late," I call out over the noise. "I already saw your shiny nails, Mr. Manicure. That's my new name for you, by the way."

He shrugs. "Better than Mr. No-Balls."

"Why are you even here?" My words come out like poison arrows. "What's your damage, anyway?"

"You go first. What's your damage?"

I snort. "I don't have any damage. I came here the first time thinking it was a Weight Watchers group, then I just sorta stuck around."

His dark, sexy eyes flit down my face and over my body. He licks his lips. "You don't need to lose weight. If anything, you could stand to put a little meat on your bones."

I roll my eyes. "You're a salesman, aren't you? That must be in the guidebook of cheesy things to say to manipulate any woman on the planet. Ugh, I'm not stupid. What do you sell? Fancy cars?"

"What do you sell?"

I give him an eye-flash worth of attitude. "Flowers. I own Gardenia Flowers, on Baker Street." The last part is not entirely a lie. On paper, my sister and I are equal partners and owners. My mother opened the store, though, and the store knows it. When she's in town, she takes over. Whatever. Drew thinks he's blue cheese on Carr's water biscuits. If I tell him I'm a lowly peasant who works at her mother's shop, he'll probably say something arrogant that makes my fist fly up into his mouth.

"The flowers sell themselves," I add. "We don't resort to your style of smarmy high pressure tactics."

"What?" Drew gets up, picks up his chair, and circles around the outside of the group. Everyone is still talking about the TV show, mixed in with a bit of speculation over Feather possibly being pregnant. I should probably try to get everyone back on track, but now Drew is slipping his chair back into the circle next to my chair, and taking a seat next to me.

A pleasing, manly scent wafts into my nose. This smell is new. The community center smells like the back of a family car, with crayons, dog hair, and fast food wrappers melted into the upholstery like some unholy stew.

Drew, however, smells like that freshness that hits you when you peel a grapefruit. There's also a hint of sweetness, like cocoa. And a musky scent I think of as testosterone. Citrus, chocolate, and balls. That's what I smell. And my ni**les are getting hard. Interesting.

"I couldn't hear you," he says, his voice gentle yet still manly.

Citrus. Chocolate. Balls.

Now I know how zombies feel about brains. ME WANT WHAT ME SMELL.

Oh, crap. He's still talking.

"Wha-wha-what?" I stammer.

He repeats himself. "I couldn't hear you over the noise. Did you say you run a flower shop, or did you say it's a secret military training facility? I can't see you playing with daisies, but I can see you crushing the spirits of young military men, breaking their will to defy orders, then building them up again as trained ninja-like assassins."

My mouth can't help but smile at his joke. "That's a good one," I admit.

He gets comfortable on his chair, angling his body open toward me. Everything about him right now feels very open, from the polite and inquisitive look on his face, right down to his shoes. His feet are pointing toward me, yet angled out at the toes, like a funnel drawing me in.

Feather has been talking to us about body posture, so I notice it even more now. I think I'm naturally perceptive of the way people telegraph their thoughts with small gestures. It made me an excellent wrestler, that ability to anticipate moves. The only problem is, sometimes I get so caught up in the whirlwind of craziness happening in my brain, I forget to really look at other people.

"You'd be a great personal trainer," Drew says with sincerity. "I like how honest you are."

"I like how you had the balls to come back this week."

"You were surprised to see me." He looks back down at my lap, his gaze moving over my jeans. His hand twitches, like he's thinking about running his fingers up my thigh. For an instant, I'm so sure of his intent that I actually feel his fingers on my thigh.

My body trembles at the suggestion of being touched. My mouth goes dry, and I feel my heart speed up, whooshing blood up my neck. Now his beautiful, charming, devilish, cunning, sweet, salesman eyes are on my neck. I'm sure my pulse is visible, because I can feel my neck throbbing.

I bite my lower lip. Honestly, I've never once bitten my lower lip, except as a joke. After we watched Twilight, I did it a bunch of times, but only to make my sister and our friend Rory laugh.

Now I'm actually biting my lower lip. What does that even mean?

That scent. Citrus. Chocolate. Balls.

Drew turns his head, jerking his eyes away from my legs like he's breaking a spell. "I really am sorry that I barged in on your group right when you were going to share something." He gazes at the courtyard beyond the window.

"It was nothing. Just this dumb thing, with this dumb boy."

He angles his body away, giving me some space, then flicks his eyes back to mine. "Tell me what happened, and I promise to listen without judgment. I won't try to alter your experience."

I narrow my eyes. "This isn't your first therapy group."

"I swear it is, but I've read the occasional self-help book." He looks over at the others, who are still chattering, and getting up from their chairs to help themselves to the tea cakes and goat-ass coffee at the back table. "Dump it on me," he says.

I choke up a little laugh. "Dump it on me," I repeat. "If I ever become a counselor, that's going to be my slogan. Dump it on me. I'll put it on all my business cards."

He chuckles as well, and damn it. His genuine laugh, plus his light GQ scent wafting into my nose, are combining to make me feel like a puddle of mega-giddy, super-girly, watch-Twilight-too-many-times goo.

His voice deep and GQ-sexy, he says, "If you had a problem with some dumb boy, I'm sure it was his problem, not yours. I think what you need is a real man, who can handle the truth."

"Are you that man, Drew?" I hear the words I just said, and it strikes me as funny. Man, Drew. "Wait, that sounds like a new nickname. Man-Drew. Mandrew."

"Are you hitting on me?" He bats his dark, GQ-thick eyelashes. "Tell me something, Meenie. Do you troll these self-help groups looking for guys with low self-esteem to add to your list of conquests?"

I give him an equally flirty eyelash flutter. "You got me. Guilty as charged."

"Actually, Mandrew is our couple name. Meenie and Andrew. Mandrew. I work around a lot of women's magazines, so I know about celebrity couple names."

My eyelashes keep going. "Awesome. Let's get married."

He goes along with the joke. "How about next Tuesday? The group meets every Tuesday, right? You'll have to make those cake things again. Sounds like they're a hit."

He's right. It's just the two of us sitting in the now-empty circle. Everyone else is at the snacks, hoovering down the tea cakes.

Even Feather is back in the room, though I didn't hear her slip in. She's loading a paper plate with sliced fruit and tea cakes. It's not even nine o'clock, and tonight's meeting has gone completely off the rails.

"Is it usually like this?" Drew asks.

"No, I don't know what this is." I give him a serious look. "But it's all your fault, that's for sure."

"What were you going to tell everyone, right before I barged in with my giant balls and ruined everything?"

I draw a blank. A total blank. My mind is a sheaf of white paper, fresh from the stationery store.

"I don't know," I say slowly.

"You probably wanted to relive some painful experience. Something someone said or did, that sticks in your head. It's locked into your experience. It defines you, this traumatic event. And now you blame every messed up thing in your life on that one event."

I study his eyes, trying to figure out if he's joking, or talking about himself. "Something like that."

"People always want a reason. If a plane crashes in the ocean, they want to know why. They need to find out what bolt was loose, because if there was no bolt loose, that means the universe is nothing but chaos. If there's no loose bolt or terrorist plot, then nothing means anything. There's no story or narrative to bad things that happen. Things just happen. Everything decays." He looks away from me, like he's annoyed by me, or this group, or by all of humanity. "Only when we embrace our frailty are we free to..." He trails off, staring over at the group chatting by the food. His nostrils flare as he inhales. "Those cakes smell good."

"You were saying? About frailty?"

He gets up and smooths down his impeccable suit. He straightens his orange tie, which no longer looks ridiculous to me because I've gotten used to it. I stare at the tie, my brain sputtering like a car with manual transmission, shifting gears at the hands of a student driver.

If the orange tie isn't ridiculous now, was it ever? Is reality shifting right now? Am I in the Matrix?

"Let them eat cake," Drew says matter-of-factly, like he's answering the questions in my head. "Let us all eat cake."

Then he walks away, leaving me alone with the echoes of his words. Nothing means anything. Things just happen. I'm falling down a philosophical rabbit hole, where there's nothing but tiny tea cakes and mysterious vials that say Drink Me, I Promise I'm not Poison.

Well, hell.

I thought I liked Drew for a few minutes there, but deep, sensitive guys are always so dark and brooding, plus they put me in a weird head space.

I think I liked Drew better when I thought he was a seductive sex addict. At least those guys are fun.

I reach under my chair once more for my purse. It's still not there, but five chairs over. Muttering under my breath, I crouch-walk forward and retrieve my purse.

Feather calls out, "Meenie, you're not leaving, are you?"

I stand up straight, my purse on my shoulder. "I don't know."

"Come here," she says, nodding with her head for me to join her and Drew, off to the side of the group.

I swallow hard and walk toward them. A guilty shame washes over me. I know this feeling well. This is me, being sent to the principal's office for teasing boys and making them cry. I only took down the bullies who deserved it, but the principal never saw it that way. A bully who bullies other bullies is like a serial killer who... oh, never mind. Dexter wasn't on the air yet, so I couldn't have known about that comparison as a kid. But in my heart, I thought I was doing good.

"Sorry I ruined the group dynamic," I say to Feather.

Her blue eyes widen with surprise. "On the contrary. I think we're on the verge of a breakthrough, but I need to talk to you both about something delicate."

Delicate?

I glance down at her stomach.

"Oh, no," I gasp. "Feather are you okay? Is there someone we should call?"

She gives me a quick head shake. "It's about you and Drew."

"We're called Mandrew," he says. "That's our couple name."

Feather gives him a long look, then turns to me. "Drew has several layers, and he uses humor to disarm people and deflect attention from himself. I think you two can help each other a lot, but... here's the delicate part. You can either date, or be in the same group. Not both. The others might enjoy the show you put on, but eventually they'll stop coming. So, what's it going to be? Dating, or group?"

I look up into Drew's glinting brown eyes.

"Let's answer on the count of three," Drew says. "One. Two..."

My body says dating, but my mouth says, "Group."

He says, "Dating."

I shake my head. "I meant dating."

"Actually, I meant to say group," he says. "But then I thought about how it would affect your low self esteem, so I said dating at the last minute, but I didn't mean it."

"Fine," I say coldly. "I wouldn't date you anyway, because you're not my type."

"Come on. I'm everyone's type." He turns to Feather. "Right?"

She shakes her head. "You two have so much work to do."

I hold my hands up. "Not me! I already lost my five pounds. I don't have any real problems. I'm perfectly happy with how I am."

"Me, too," Drew says. "Who wouldn't want to be me? I love being me."

Feather holds up one hand to stop us. "I think that's enough for tonight. Now, if you don't mind, I'm going to round everyone up and see if we can't help the people who aren't already perfect." She gives us each a scolding look that's so effective and parental-feeling, that my confidence in her future child-rearing skills doubles.

Chapter 9

It's late when I get back home from the meeting, but the lights are still on at Tina's cottage in the back yard. The blinds are open, so she's probably not having wild monkey sex with Luca at the moment. I park my mother's Cadillac behind Tina's car, in the alley.

The alley is lined with cars, because many of the homeowners in the neighborhood have rented out their basements or converted their garages into rentals. When I was a little kid, riding my bike up and down the alley, you'd never see cars parked back here. I guess things change, whether you want them to or not.

I knock on my sister's door, which feels weird. I used to just walk right in, or use the spare key, but two weeks ago, I got an eyeful of their monkey sex by accident.

The passage of two weeks' time hasn't erased the visual from my brain. At least they didn't know I saw them, because I closed the door and walked away, keeping the experience to myself.

But what a sight it was!

Luca broke his foot at the Baker Street Block Party earlier this month, and now it's in a cast. He's staying here with Tina, because apparently he keeps motorcycles parked on the main floor of his house, while the living quarters are upstairs. I think he could hobble up the stairs if he wanted to, but he likes staying with Tina for now. He probably doesn't want her to get away from him again.

So, there he was with his foot in the cast, standing on one good leg, with Tina up against the wall like they were recreating a scene from the classic Patrick Swayze movie, Roadhouse.

For a second, I thought they were joking. I actually believed they'd heard the car pull up, and were only pretending to be having wall-sex, as some hilarious prank on me. That's why I stood in the doorway for several seconds, smiling. I was thinking, Great job, guys! You're nailing it!

Then one of them made a coitus moan, and I realized they were in actual coitus, not pretend-Roadhouse-joke coitus. I slowly backed away, and I haven't walked through this door since then.

I knock again, just as the door opens.

Tina's cheeks are flushed, but she is wearing clothes.

"Did I interrupt your coitus?"

She rolls her eyes. "Meenie, don't say that word."

"You and Rory and your word hang-ups." I peer around her and see Luca sitting on the L-shaped couch, making the enormous thing look relatively small under his tall, muscular, motorcycle-riding, sister-banging, roast-beef-eating, handsome frame.

"Come in," Luca says. "We're just playing Scrabble."

Tina giggles.

I walk in and join them in the living room, which is also the entire room. The couch we're sitting on folds out into a bed, and the only other room is the bathroom.

I glance around at the extra things that must belong to Luca: laptop, manly jeans, manly boots, manly sweaters with chunky buttons.

"You guys could take over the big house if you want," I tell them, offering a swap for the second or third time this month. "It's just me and Muffin over there, and we can totally trade while you're in that cast."

Tina slips another pillow under Luca's white cast, then tickles his toes affectionately. "We're cozy," she says.

"I see you have wine," I say.

Tina jumps up and grabs a wineglass from the kitchen, then fills it for me. "You're a good sister," I tell her before taking a long sip.

"Ooh, this is my favorite kind," I say of the wine.

"You like pinot grigio?" Luca asks while clearing the Scrabble board to start over with three players.

I grin at him. "My favorite kind of wine is free wine."

Tina groans. "Luca, everyone in my family says that, at every single Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner. It's so corny."

He gives her a loving look, as if to say, Tina, I can't wait to spend every family dinner with you and your family, even Meenie, who really isn't as bad as everyone says she is.

Tina gives Luca a loving look, as if to say, Roadhouse me against the wall again, stud.

I sort through my Scrabble tiles, guzzle the rest of the wine, and pour myself a refill. "The service here is lacking," I mutter. "No tip."

Tina swats me on the arm.

We start playing the game, and two rounds in, Tina says, "What's bugging you? Did your self-help group not go well tonight?"

I look into her concerned and pretty green eyes, then over at Luca's equally concerned blue eyes. How is this going to work? Now that they're together, is he the silent partner who hears about all my problems through Tina, whether he's present or not? I've heard that's how it works with couples, but haven't had much experience.

"There's a new guy at group," I tell them. "He's a total jackass. He's rude and crude, and he dresses like a department store mannequin. He smells like-don't take this the wrong way, Luca-but he smells like citrus and chocolate and balls."

Luca glances around, like he's wishing there was another room. "Why would I take that the wrong way?"

"No offense, Luca, but I need to be honest, and she was my sister before she became your squeeze toy. Tina, this guy Drew is a billion percent hotter than Luca. So, you can understand my problem."

She looks at me sideways. "You like this guy? But he's a jackass."

"Exactly. I think I finally found someone who's got enough balls to take a few jokes and put up with me. I think I would like him to put his sperm shooter inside me and pretend we're making a baby." I take another big glug of the pinot whateverio. "This free wine is pretty good for free wine."

Luca looks confused, in the way that only a handsome man who grew up with no sisters can look confused. "He sounds... interesting. So, what's the hold-up? Do you want me to call my friend to do a background check?"

I suck in air, gasping with excitement. "You'd do that for me?"

"It's an option."

"Hold that thought. I'll let you know." My hand starts moving around to help me talk, the way it usually does after some wine. "My first problem is he doesn't have a last name. Not one that I know, anyway. My second problem, which is why I'm drinking tonight-my glass is empty by the way-is that the silly high priestess of the self-help group has banished us from dating each other, because she thinks we have problems."

Tina splashes my wine glass with the remainder of the wine. "Do you mean the lady who's the licensed therapist? I thought you said she was brilliant and incisive."

"She kissed her own client, though. It's not fair! The kissing coach thing was before she got her therapist license, but still. Not fair." I turn and stare into Luca's handsome face, framed by his golden blond hair. "Why does everyone else get to be blond?"

"You've had a rough day," Luca says.

I whimper drunkenly.

"You should probably take your therapist's advice," Tina says. "This guy sounds like trouble."

"I disagree," Luca says, his eyebrows dancing as he enjoys the playful angry look Tina gives him for disagreeing. "Fate put this guy in your path for a reason. Fate will lead you to the trough, but it can't make you drink. I know I'm mixing metaphors here, but meeting him won't mean anything if you don't take a chance."

"Weird. You sound exactly like him. He was talking about chaos and stuff."

Luca looks interested, so I tell him as much as I can remember from the evening's interactions, plus everything that went down the previous week at the group. He produces another bottle of wine as if by magic, and we talk for the next few hours.

Tina takes advantage of our distraction, and hogs up all the good spots on the Scrabble board, scoring double what Luca and I had together.

They finally kick me out around three, and I hit my seafoam green sheets with a smile on my face. I have everything figured out, and I know exactly how I'm going to solve the Drew situation.

Chapter 10

On Wednesday, I wake up with a pinot grigio headache. Like the white wine I imbibed the night before, it's an elegant, dainty headache with a crisp aftertaste.

Muffin stomps across the bed, his white socks hammering on the duvet like elephant feet. He lowers his whiskered face to my chin and batters me like a rutting mountain goat until I finally get up and feed him.

I have a vague recollection of talking about Drew last night, and figuring out what I was going to do with my attraction to him.

Here's my big plan: I'm going to play hard to get, for once in my life. It's definitely going to drive him mad with desire! We'll both keep going to the self-help group, then once we get his mystery problem resolved-say, in a month or two, maybe three-then I'll finally agree to a date. The tension will be OFF THE CHARTS BY THEN!

(Ugh, why am I yelling in my head? My poor pinot grigio headache.)

I shouldn't get ahead of myself, but the autumn sun is shining, the leaves are turning a gorgeous red in the garden, and I have a pretty good feeling about Drew.

Maybe I'll go looking at engagement rings today, just to be ready. I'll take Luca. We've gone shopping together before, and he's fun. He wanted to buy Tina something when they started dating, so I helped him pick out a bracelet and some charms. I let him take full credit for being perfect.

He didn't seem so perfect during the summer, when those two dunderheads were broken up for a bit. It was good for Tina to do some housekeeping, literally and metaphorically, but I'm so glad they finally got back together a few weeks ago. If they hadn't sorted it out, Rory and I were going to secretly buy them "winning" tickets to a resort package and force them to stay in the same room.

I should call Rory. She's always been closer to Tina than to me, but we're good friends. I bet she's having a tough time adjusting to Tina being with Luca all the time. I'm okay, because I can hang out with both of them as a couple, like I did last night.

That Luca is a bad influence, though. He kept forcing me to drink more wine last night. I don't know if I can keep up with his partying ways.

Rory can't hang out with the both of them, because intimacy scares her. If they kissed in front of her, she'd probably barf. She's squeamish about certain words, and heaven forbid you make a rude joke and grab your crotch like a rock star. I did that once, and she didn't talk to me for a week.

The three of us girls were at lunch last month and I made the mistake of mentioning menstrual cramps. She put down her fork and wouldn't make eye contact with anyone.

I love the girl, but she needs some serious help.

Or not.

She seems happy enough with her catering job and her life. This might be my elegant headache talking, or lingering drunkenness, but I'm seeing things in a new light today. Maybe we're all perfectly fine in our own unique ways, and it's the rest of the world that's always trying to sell us crap we don't need, like therapy, self-help books, and those blow-up exercise balls. Nobody needs those, yet they exist.

You know what else exists for no good reason?

Those clear lids that fit on the top of a Pringles can. As if! As if anyone ever opens one of those bad boys and puts the lid on to keep the chips "fresh" for "later."

Also, butt implants are a real thing that exists.

Interesting how so many useless things are all made of plastic... hmmm.

Chapter 11

Friday! Friday! It's time for the radio station to play the same annoying songs about Friday!

I walk into O'Flannagan's pub and scan the place for my date.

Funny thing about O'Flannagan's: because of the typeface they used for the sign out front, the F and the lowercase L sit too close together and look like an H. As a result, half the neighborhood thinks the place is called O'Hannagan's. I swear to God that half the staff answer the phone wrong as well. Even the current owners, the Jackson family, aren't entirely sure what it's supposed to be. They got the phone company to list the pub under both names, though I don't know why anyone needs to phone a pub.

Here's me, phoning: "Hey, do you have pinot grigio?"

O'Flannagan's / O'Hannagan's: "We're a pub, you dunderhead. Why are you phoning? This isn't a flower shop."

I keep scanning the murky darkness of the pub, until I spot my Friday night date. She's sitting in the corner, her back to the wall. Her golden brown eyes are fixed on the flickering votive candle before her. She's wearing her curly dark hair loose around her shoulders. Rory has beautiful hair, dark auburn, with a natural streak of white. She's always threatening to shave her head, because she goes nuts over the idea of getting a hair in her food. When her hair is down like this, I know she's in a good mood, which puts me in a good mood.

I trot over to the table. "Nobody puts Baby in the corner!"

Rory's eye twitches. "Are you going to behave, or are you in one of your weird moods?"

"No and yes, but I'm paying for your dinner, so suck it up." I pick up the menu that's already on the table and check the specials insert. "How was your day? You had that snooty auction job, right? Where the rich ladies bid on paintings they don't like, for charity? They buy some abstract thing that doesn't match the sofa, and they act like they're personally curing the world's hunger crisis, right?"

Rory's face lights up. "They loved the tea cakes. We got booked for three more jobs, right on the spot. I couldn't be happier. That's why I'm paying for your dinner tonight, not the other way around."

"We'll see about that." We look over the menus and place our order with the waitress. Rory's not sure if she wants a drink or not, so I take the liberty of getting a bottle of pinot grigio, largely because I love saying, "Pinot grigio."

We get our food, and we talk some more about Rory's catering, plus a few things about life at the flower shop, and updates on my mother's Eat-Pray-Love adventures in Europe.

I'm intentionally holding back on mentioning Drew until she's got some wine in her system, and is weighted down with post-linguini-eating inertia.

Funny thing about Rory: she can't say linguini because the word reminds her of cunnilingus. So, she orders "these noodles" and points to the menu. That Rory. She can't say it, but she'll eat it.

Anyway, I'm about to open my mouth and tell her about my new crush on Mr. GQ with the good smells, when the universe decides to play a hilarious trick on me.

I look up at the group of guys playing pool at the nearby pool table. My eyeballs wander over a guy's butt, as eyeballs often do.

I'm admiring the nice butt-which is wearing dark jeans-when the butt turns around suddenly. I am a lady, which means I cannot openly stare at crotches, so I jerk my eyes up, over a shirt that's packed with all the right kind of muscles, and up to a handsome face. This guy has a superhero jaw, great skin, lickable cheeks, and sexy dark hair. He could be a twin of my crush from self-help group. Or a clone.

He waves over at me. Hot guys in pubs don't usually wave at me, therefore I must conclude that Rory has forced me to drink too much wine, and I am drunk.

He says a few words to the guys he's playing pool with, and saunters over to our table.

"Drew! I didn't recognize you with your clothes on." My words come out pretty clear, considering how much wine Rory made me drink. On a scale of one to ten on the slurr-o-meter, I'd say I'm at a three.

He grabs a chair from a nearby table and joins us without being invited. His sexy brown eyes are on me the whole time, which is good, because now Rory is pinned in the corner, and if Drew focused his magnificent, magnetic, majestic attention directly at her, Rory's head would pop right off like a Barbie doll head and roll away.

"You mean you didn't recognize me without my suit," Drew says, his perfectly kissable lips curled back in a grin. "A man is not his suit, Meenie."

He starts to turn toward Rory to introduce himself. I let out a tiny shriek and grab his shoulder to pull him toward me. I whisper in his ear, "My friend is very shy, so do me a solid and dial your sex magic down about three notches, will ya?"

He gives me an amused look, then shuffles his chair closer to mine, to give her space. Without looking directly at Rory, he says, "Sorry to barge in on your meal."

I introduce them. "Rory, this is Drew. I met him at the community center." I give her two winks, to let her know that by community center, I mean my self-help group. "I'll get rid of him, if you want."

Rory's body language is stiff, but she doesn't seem too horrified. "Don't be silly. Of course your friend can join us." Her voice is pitched high and thin, like she's making an effort, but it's okay. Rory isn't afraid of men, just intimacy stuff.

That means this situation is okay, because Drew and I are just friends. His knee is touching mine. We're just friends. He gets more relaxed in his chair, waves for the waitress to bring another bottle of wine, and then his hand moves down from the air to land on my knee. We're just friends. But his hand is on my knee.

I give Rory a wide-eyed look, but she's not even paying attention to me. Drew is telling her about the guys he's here playing pool with. They used to be on a rugby team together, back in college, and they still get together sometimes for a few drinks. Now Rory's asking him about rugby, and is it as violent as it seems on TV? Now he's telling her about men's bodies slamming together. I would expect her to run screaming any second, but she seems to be enjoying every word he's saying.

Meanwhile, his big, masculine palm remains on my knee. The heat is radiating into me, making my whole body warm and tingly. The waitress brings a fresh bottle and pours me some much-needed refreshment.

Drew's hand doesn't stray from my leg. It doesn't move up, or down. His hand reminds me of those orange traffic cones people put in parking spots to reserve them for later. This is mine. Find another parking spot, because I've claimed this one, and I'm going to do exciting, adventurous, intimate things in this parking spot. Not now, but later, under the cover of night.

Rory says, "What do you think, Meenie?"

"About what?" I think my ni**les are turning into orange parking spot cones, but you don't want to hear about that, Rory.

She laughs, seemingly even more comfortable with this situation than I am. "What's more manly, guys slamming into each other on a rugby field, or grunting over each other in a wrestling ring?" She looks over at Drew and explains, "Meenie was on the wrestling team in high school."

He gives my knee a delightful squeeze, the kind of squeeze that sends pure delight through my muscles and veins and bones.

Chuckling, he says, "Why am I not surprised? Did you trash talk the other guys about their lack of balls? Did you hold the guys down until they cried?"

"I only wrestled girls." Well, that's not entirely true. "Officially." I take a sip of refreshing wine, since my glass is too full and in danger of spilling.

"Meenie, go easy on that," Rory says, looking at the bottle between us.

"I think the waitress is trying to get me drunk so I'll give her a big tip."

Drew turns to me, and just as I'm about to swallow, he says, with lusty fire in his eyes, "Do you think you can handle a big tip?"

Big tip. He means penis. The hand on my knee squeezes. I can't swallow. Wine's in my mouth.

He waggles his eyebrows.

My throat clenches, and the wine sprays from my mouth, in a perfect spray-perfect if you were, say, filming it, not perfect if you were hoping to stay dry during your visit to the pub. The wine lightly coats Drew's handsome, GQ-pretty, lickable face, as evenly as a spray tan.

At least pinot grigio is a white wine. (Did you think, from the name, it was red? So did I, until this week.)

Across the table from me, Rory pushes her chair back and starts looking around urgently for the waitress.

Drew picks up a napkin from the table. Instead of wiping his face, he laughs and starts dabbing at my chin. I push his hand away. "Drew, don't be intimate in front of Rory. You'll make her head pop off."

"I'm fine, you guys," Rory says, which is about a seven on the white lie scale. "I've got to be up early, so I think I'll call it a night."

We've both finished eating our dinner, so I really have no excuse to beg her to stay. My only option, sadly, is the truth.

"Rory, you can't go. Drew is in my self-help group, and we're not allowed to be more than friends. But he's wearing a tight-fitting shirt, and look at his face. Don't you want to make a cake that looks like his face and eat it? You can't leave me alone with him."

She stands, her purse on her shoulder. "You're a big girl," she says, and then she leaves.

Drew uses the napkin to wipe his own face, then turns to watch Rory leave. He watches her just a few seconds too long, with his eyes just a little too low.

I grab his perfect GQ chin and turn his face back to mine. "If you look at Rory's ass one more time, I will take you down. You'll be eating peanut shells off the pub's carpet, and there's something else you should know. They haven't served peanuts here in five years. That's how far into the floor I'll shove your face."

He blinks. "I've never wanted to make love to a woman so badly as I do now." He blinks again. "And that woman is you." He blinks slowly, eyebrows raised like he's having difficulty keeping me in focus.

"Are you drunk?"

"Noooooo." He shakes his head emphatically. "I just had a few beers. Beer? Plural? Beers."

I run his words through my internal slurr-o-meter. On a scale of one to ten on the slurr-o-meter, I'd say he's at five.

His hand is back on my knee, or maybe it never left. The hand slides up, and it's saying something. Mine. Mine, mine, mine.

My chest gets a fluttery feeling. It's saying something, too. Yours. Yours, yours, yours.

"Drew, I really need my support group. It's not for my personal problems, because I don't have any personal problems, obviously, but going there makes me have more purpose in my life. I've always been good at counseling people when they come to the flower shop, whether it's apology flowers or bereavement, or whatever. I just level with people, and they appreciate it. Usually. So, I don't want to jeopar... leopard... jepper... damn this wine-"

I can't finish what I'm about to say, because someone's mouth is on my mouth.

Drew is kissing me.

Chapter 12

O'Flannagan's pub disappears, like someone put it on mute.

His lips are just as kissable as they look, and I'm not exaggerating at all when I say Drew's kisses could probably stop wars and lead humanity into a new golden age of enlightenment.

He keeps kissing me, his sweet, wine-soaked, amazing lips leading the way for mine, which are stunned but happy.

His hands move up, catching me firmly on the sides of my face, which is just the framework I need to keep me upright, because his kisses are making my whole body melt like a cheap birthday candle on the cake of someone too old for birthday candles.

The whole world tilts, suddenly.

I'm falling.

Not falling in love.

Falling off my chair.

Our lips pull apart as we hit the ancient carpet of the pub's floor. We must be having an earthquake. I look around in shock as we both scramble to right ourselves.

The guys over by the pool table are staring, and one calls over to us, "Need a hand there, Drew?"

"We should get into a doorway, or outside," I tell Drew breathlessly as I jump up from the floor.

He pushes my shoulders and does the sheepdog thing again, where he herds me down into my chair. His chair is overturned, so he rights it, and takes a seat next to me.

Wincing because I already know the answer, I say, "I guess we're not having an earthquake?"

He holds up his hand between us. "Listen, Meenie. I'm not against kissing you, but you've got to give a guy some warning."

"Excuse me? You're the one who kissed me, Mr. Mouth Rugby."

He shakes his head. "You're crazy."

I reach for my water glass, which has been untouched until now. I take a big drink, fuming over the nerve of Drew, lying and saying I'm the one who kissed him.

He chuckles again. "I'm glad you're drinking that water, because for a minute, I thought you were going to toss it in my face."

I stop drinking and throw the remaining second half in his face.

Sopping wet, he holds one hand to his eye. "Ow! You got me with the lemon wedge."

"Boohoo. Let me see it." I pull his hand down. His eye does look a little red, but there's nothing stuck in it.

He reaches down and grabs the hem of his shirt. He pulls it all the way up, revealing a very appealing torso, and a belly button that's downright adorable. He mops his face with the hem of his shirt, raising it higher and higher. I hold my breath as his ni**les are revealed. They're perfect. I'm not saying I wouldn't date a guy with big pepperoni ni**les, but, all things being equal, I do prefer the smaller, non-pepperoni ones.

He pulls the shirt down again and licks his lips. "Good job. You got most of the wine rinsed off."

"I didn't do it." I clutch my hands tightly together on my lap. "My hand did that, not me. I think my hand might have Tourette's."

"That's not a thing."

"Are you a doctor?"

"Yes."

"Shut up. You are not. You're just being contrary."

"I have a certificate."

"Where?"

"At my dental practice."

I roll my eyes. "You're a dentist, not a doctor."

"Yes, I am. I'm Dr. Morgan."

I shake my head. "No way. That can't be your last name. If I married you, I'd be Megan Morgan."

He gives me a funny look. "Tonight is certainly a fascinating journey into how your brain works. Is that your real name? Megan? Why does everyone call you Meenie?" He shakes his head. "Never mind. I shouldn't ask. That's something people who are dating would do, and you and I are just friends. Feather's orders."

"Tonight doesn't count, because we're both drunk."

"Do you want to come back to my place?"

"No. I'm not interested in one night of mediocre sex."

He smiles, which is not the reaction I expected. "Who says it'll be mediocre? I predict it will be terrible. I am terrible in bed. Plus I've had a few beers, and up until recently, my balls have been in someone else's purse." He keeps grinning, really working the whole self-deprecating thing in a way that makes me want to cradle him in my arms and tell him everything's going to be magical.

He continues, "In case you're not reading between the lines, what I'm saying is that I haven't been with anyone since my breakup, two years ago."

"Do you mean you haven't been with the same hookup twice in a row since then?"

His dark brown eyes lock on mine. "I'm being honest with you. I don't know what came over me the first night I met you. That's not what I'm like, but you painted me as this wild player character, and I liked how that felt. Right up until you saw the truth, the real me. I ran out of there like the coward I am."

"You're not a coward."

He leans in toward me, until our foreheads are touching. I'm aware of the noise around us in the pub, but none of it matters. We're in our own private bubble.

"Of course I'm a coward," he says. "But you've already seen that in me, so I've got nowhere to go but up. You think I'm terrible in bed. Your opinion of me can't get any worse, so what have I got to lose?"

His words sink in, and a darkness rises within me. "You want to sleep with me because you've got nothing to lose? Because it can't get any worse?" My voice is cold, like a parking meter in the dead of winter. "Thanks a lot."

Our foreheads are still touching, and he looks down at my lips like he's thinking about kissing me again.

I put my hands on his shoulders and push him away. "Thanks, but no thanks. I'm going to take Feather's advice and stay away from your bed."

"Are you saying that if it wasn't for her, you'd be in my bed tonight?"

"That's a paradox, because if it wasn't for her, we wouldn't have met."

He settles back on his chair, stretching his broad shoulders out just enough to make his shirt taut and give me a little nipple visibility. That tease.

"I beg to differ," he says confidently. "We're meeting right now. A week ago, our regular pool hall closed down, so this is our first night here. How often are you here on a Friday?"

"Even if I am here on Fridays, you wouldn't have come over to talk to a girl who looks like me. Not unless you needed directions to the men's room."

"Wrong again. You're beautiful, Meenie, and you're just my type."

"Your type?"

"Complicated."

His words settle on me like a heavy-carb-pasta inertia. I'm finding it hard to breathe. He called me beautiful. He's drunk, but still. Beautiful.

"Let's get a cab somewhere," he says, his voice low and seductive. "We'll go dancing, or get coffee, or find a bowling alley. Let's do something."

My mouth starts to move, to say sure, I'd like to get coffee, but then he says, "We won't tell Feather."

His final words crush me. I push my chair back and get to my feet. The room swirls, but my recent tumble and this conversation have sobered me up.

"Forget it," I spit at him. "I'm not your dirty little hookup secret."

I turn on my heel and march away from the table.

He doesn't run after me, which confirms I'm making the right decision.

I stop off at the bar and settle the bill, paying for everything that went to our table. This takes a few minutes, and still Drew doesn't try to stop me.

With my head held high, I push the big wooden door open and step outside. The air is crisp and colder than expected.

It's September now, and even though we're only a few days in, August feels like a pale shadow, like a photo of yourself from yesterday, before you endured today's humiliations.

Chapter 13

I'm still feeling blue when I open Gardenia Flowers on Saturday morning. The bluest blue. I've got the blues, and like the song says, these blues cut me to the bone.

I put an all-blues playlist on the stereo and stand inside the walk-in flower cooler to clear my thoughts.

Last night's debacle with Drew keeps playing on repeat in my head. I really wanted to go home with him, and have some of that mediocre-to-terrible sex he was offering. It would have been better than the zero sex I've been getting.

What I did do, after I left the pub, was stop by the grocery store and buy half a roasted chicken and three kinds of chips, plus dip. My sister has a sweet tooth and goes on candy binges when she needs a mood boost. Me, I hit the savory aisle.

Even though I'd eaten dinner at the pub, the walk back home burned off enough calories to justify a second dinner at home. I sat on the floor in the kitchen and shared the chicken with Muffin. I got the plain kind, with no seasonings, on account of him.

This doesn't paint me in the most flattering light, but I'll be honest. I did sob and blubber to Muffin about him being "the only man who loves me, and that's only because I have free range chicken." Then I used his soft, orange fur to soak up my tears.

Because that is how future crazy cat ladies like me roll.

Now I'm standing inside a walk-in flower cooler with my face pressed against the interior glass, in an attempt to press down the puffy bags under my eyes.

I can see by the reaction of people walking into the shop that this is not the sight they were expecting.

With a heavy heart, I step out of the cooler and try to be as professional as I can, helping an excited young woman pick out wedding flowers. I do a decent job with the girl, considering I'll never (cue the cat-fur-soaking sobs) know the joy of being a beautiful bride myself.

I get through the day with no meltdowns, and I'm feeling good by closing time. I worked the full shift today, so Tina could spend the weekend with Luca.

She phones me right at closing time, just to make sure I've got everything under control. Sometimes we get a flurry of orders right before closing, but today's been quiet, so she doesn't need to come in.

"Rory said she met your friend, Drew last night at O'Flannagan's," she says. "He sounds like a player. I'm worried about you, sis."

I squeeze the phone in my hand, silently cursing Rory for tattling on me.

"I'm being a good girl. I didn't sleep with him. I'm taking your advice, and Feather's, and I'm staying away."

"Good. That's a relief."

"Tina, how do you turn down guys? I thought I'd feel better today, but I feel horrible. Is it possible that Drew wants me for more than a booty call hookup? Like, if I'm really good at sex, do you think he'll fall in love with me?"

"Are you joking? I can't see your face over the phone."

"Of course I'm joking." I wasn't. "I'd be pretty stupid if I thought a guy would fall in love with me because I'm good at sex, ha ha. Um. Ha."

"Just hang in there. There's someone for everyone."

"That's what pretty people say to ugly people."

She laughs. "What are you talking about? We're sisters, and we're practically identical. How can you say I'm pretty and you're ugly?"

"My nose is crooked and one of my eyes is higher than the other."

"Meenie, love always makes us feel vulnerable and not good enough. I thought Luca was way out of my league. I still do. But he wants to be with me, so who knows. Maybe guys aren't half as critical as we think they are."

"But what do they want from us? Besides sex."

"Most of them just want someone to be vulnerable with. There's a lot of pressure on guys to be tough and rugged, and they all razz each other. Take Luca, for example. He was raised by his father, with no women around for most of his life. All those nice things that we girls do for each other, we take for granted. Guys aren't like that, but they crave it. You know, I bought Luca some big socks, so he could wear one over his cast and keep his toes warm now that it's getting chilly. When I looked up at his face, he looked like he was going to get all emotional, or propose to me, or both." She chuckles softly. "He's a big sweetie."

I snort. "I could buy someone socks."

"Good. But stay away from this Drew guy. I don't like him."

I promise her I will stay away, and I end the call.

It's five minutes past closing time, so I hit the lights, grab my jacket, and fly out the door to lock up.

I'll still have to see Drew on Tuesday nights, if he keeps coming from group, but I'll ignore him. Is his problem something to do with women? He did share with me that he's recovering from a breakup that's a few years old, but that only confirms that he's looking for a rebound girl to pump and dump. It's not going to be me.

I've got some checks to put in the mailbox, so I walk up Baker Street, toward the post office.

As I draw close to Sweet Caroline Antiques, I see a familiar person locking up the store's door. It's Duncan, his sandy brown surfer boy hair almost touching his shoulders. I haven't seen him or talked to him since my failure of an apology on Wednesday.

The idea of talking to him again makes my throat feel tight, so I slow my pace and then stop, pretending to look in the window of the hardware store, at their collection of welcome mats.

I watch out of the corner of my eye as a fancy-looking silver car pulls up to the sidewalk in front of the antiques shop. Someone approaches me from the opposite side and taps my arm.

"I thought that was you," Rory says. She joins me in looking in the hardware store window. "Are you buying a welcome mat?"

"Shush, no." I jerk my head in Duncan's direction, but in a small, subtle motion. "I'm spying on the owner of the antique shop."

"Why?" Rory looks amused.

"Because it's fun to spy on people."

She shrugs, as if to say that's a good enough reason for her. She stands next to me, leaning back enough to look past me, at Duncan.

"Oh. He's really cute," she says.

"He's short."

"I don't care. I'm short."

"Wait a minute, Rory. Back the train up. Did you just say that a guy was cute? A real, human being, not a movie star or magazine photo?"

"Shh." Her golden brown eyes get wide with apprehension.

"He can't hear us, I assure you."

She keeps looking past me. "Figures. Of course he has a girlfriend."

I turn my head and look. A girl is stepping out of the silver car. She's got long, long legs, and she's gorgeous. She walks over to Duncan and ruffles his hair with one hand.

"Wow. Go, Duncan," I mutter.

"That's a cute name. Duncan."

"You think? Come on, I'll introduce you to him."

Rory's eyes widen and her mouth puckers into a tiny rosebud. Before I can tell her I'm joking, she turns and does her Disappearing Girl act. I blink, and she's gone.

I look back over at Duncan, who's accepting a shopping bag from the beautiful long-legged girl. He pulls out something-a white pair of overalls like the kind house painters wear-and holds it up to himself, laughing.

They certainly are enjoying their little in-joke.

The two of them get back into the car, with the girl sliding into the driver's side.

As they drive away, my spirits feel like a guttering candle flame. If a big-mouthed dunderhead like Duncan can pull a hot chick who looks like that and drives an expensive car, then the universe is most definitely not fair at all.

Maybe there is no grand plan for everyone, no happy ending waiting in the wings for those who have patience.

Maybe the key to life is to act like it's a shopping spree and grab what you see.

I run my tongue over my teeth. I think I have a loose filling.

Maybe I should call a dentist.

Maybe I should go home, put on my sexiest underwear, and call a dentist.

In fact, that's exactly what I'm going to do.

My sister would not approve.

Chapter 14

Back home, I monkey around with my teeth for about an hour. Is my filling loose? Or is it the whole tooth? It would be ridiculous for me to call Dr. Drew Morgan's after-hours answering service with an "emergency" as minor as a slightly wiggly tooth.

So, I grab a pair of pliers and pop the filling right off. Technically, I guess it's a cap, or an onlay, not a filling, because it fits around the tooth.

I lean over the bathroom counter and give myself a crooked grin. I look like a jack-o-lantern. This calls for a selfie! I take a picture and upload it as evidence of my real dental emergency, just in case I'm questioned later by... the dental authorities or whatever.

Ouch. Maybe pulling my dental cap off with a pair of pliers wasn't a great idea. Now I'm looking at the grody little stump thing that should be inside the cap, and looking at it makes the stump hurt.

Worse, my mouth is all germy because I didn't brush my teeth and use mouthwash before attempting home dentistry. Now I need something to make sure my mouth isn't too germy.

What's this? A bottle of vodka? Well, I only had one shot an hour ago, to work up the nerve to phone Drew's answering service, but I think I should take a medicinal shot now. For my stump.

I pour a splash into the only shot glass we have in the house-a 40th birthday glass someone gave my mother-and toss it back.

Oops. I meant to swoosh it around in my mouth. I pour another half shot, swoosh it around, then put the call through to Dr. Morgan's answering service.

A familiar male voice says, "Hello?"

It's not an answering service. It's Drew, and he sounds cranky.

"Oh, shit." I end the call and toss the cordless house phone on the bathroom counter.

The phone starts ringing. I scream.

Muffin, who was standing in the tub licking the drips from the tap, rips out of the bathroom in a tumbleweed of cat fear.

I pick up the phone and answer in what I hope is the accent of someone who doesn't speak English: "Allo?"

"Meenie?"

"You meanie! Wong numba." I stay on the line, holding my breath and waiting to hear his voice.

Drew says, "I know it's you. I know your last name because I googled your flower store."

I shake my fist. "Curse my mother's old-fashioned land line! I should have used my cell phone."

"What can I do for you? Are you having a dental emergency? This is my special phone number for after-hours emergencies."

I snort. "I know that."

"Well?"

"Is it an emergency if my cap fell off?"

"That depends. What did your dentist say? The one who put the cap on and has all your dental charts?"

"Nothing, because she died." I shake my head and send a silent apology to my dentist, who's a nice lady in excellent health, I hope.

"Meenie, are you trying to get me over there for a house call?"

"I didn't drink a bunch of vodka and take pliers to my mouth for no reason!"

"What?"

"Joking!"

He chuckles softly. I can see his handsome face, lit up by a smile. He sounds nice on the phone right now. He sounds like he's wearing a chunky, cable-knit fisherman's sweater. I'd like to hug him and kiss him, with a fisherman's sweater between us like a woolly chaperone.

"Give me your address," he says.

"Just a minute. Let me get a pen." Holding the cordless phone to my ear, I exit the bathroom and start wandering through the house in a state of urgent confusion.

Drew keeps laughing at me, then finally tells me I don't need a pen, because he'll write it down on his side. After a few minutes of arguing over the logistics, I decide to do it his way, and give him my address.

After I end the call, I run to my room and yank some clothes on. I've been running around in a towel for the last hour. I go back into the bathroom, where I grab the tiny white ceramic cap and put it in my old retainer case for safekeeping.

The pliers are sitting on the counter, angling at me in an accusing stance. I pick them up just as the doorbell rings.

Dr. Drew Morgan, Emergency After-Hours Dentist, is fast! I yank open the laundry hamper and toss the tell-tale pliers in.

I run to the front door and yank it open with one hand, holding my other hand to my cheek. This is, after all, a dental emergency.

Drew is wearing a sweater, just as I suspected. It's not a chunky cable-knit, but a lightweight cotton in a bright orange. He's wearing a collared shirt underneath, and his lower half is looking equally respectable in a pair of chinos.

"Wow, you look yummy," I tell him. "Are you on your way to a date?"

"I don't date." He glances past me, like he's hinting I should invite him in.

I wave him into the house. "You didn't have to dress up on my account."

He comes in, carrying the most adorable leather bag I've ever seen. It looks like something a country doctor would bring to deliver a baby in a movie.

He wastes no time finding the dining room table, turning the overhead light onto its brightest setting, and then laying out some tools on the table.

I run to the bathroom, grab the cap, then run back and drop it in his palm. He winces, and sets the cap gingerly on a white tray on the table.

I sit down in a chair and cross my arms. "You weren't so scared of my saliva germs last night in O'Flannagan's, when you had your tongue in my mouth."

He sits on his chair and shuffles closer to me, so that his knees are on the outsides of my knees. His legs are hugging mine. I want to touch his sweater.

He gazes deeply into my soul with his beautiful brown eyes and lush eyelashes. "Open," he says sexily.

I open my mouth, and he quickly swabs my stump with what smells like more of the vodka I was drinking. I close my eyes and think about something funny to say next. Maybe something about no foreplay, just diving right in there?

I smell something like solvent, and then feel pressure on my tooth. His hand is in my mouth, tasting like latex. When did he put on gloves? My eyes flutter open. I grunt in alarm, because he's wearing a green medical mask over his mouth.

When did that go on? Hot damn, his eyes are even more sexy now that his mouth is covered. Now I can see the flecks of copper and gold in his rich brown eyes. Wow. He could be an eye model. I'm not sure if that's a thing, but he could definitely be an eye model for contact lens advertisements.

My body gets hot and weird, letting me know it's now developing a dentist fetish. I have a feeling my next cleaning appointment is going to be weird.

He pulls away from my mouth and removes the latex gloves with a sexy snap. "You're all fixed up," he says through his sexy medical mask.

"That's it?" I run my tongue over the stumpy spot and find only tooth. "Damn, you're fast."

"How does it feel?" His mouth isn't visible, but the concern is unmistakeable in his eyes.

"It's not loose anymore. It was really loose before." I flick the spot with my tongue again. "Are you sure it's not on backwards?"

The tooth feels perfect, but the frown on his face is so enjoyable. "Maybe not backwards, but definitely crooked."

He thrusts his hands at my jaw. "Let me see." He sounds annoyed, and I don't know why it turns me on, but it does.

I squirm in my seat. "Ew, bare hands! Yuck."

He drops his hands to my legs for a moment. We stare into each other's eyes. Now what?

I keep rubbing my tongue over the perfectly-installed cap. "Definitely crooked."

He reaches up and pulls the dental mask down to rest around his neck. He places his bare hands on either side of my jaw. My breathing gets shallow. I open my mouth to let him look.

He leans closer and closer, then brings his mouth to mine. I adjust my jaw, and we're kissing.

This is happening!

And to think, this all happened because I used a pair of pliers to pop off my dental cap.

Totally worth it.

Chapter 15

Drew's GQ-sexy tongue slips into my mouth, and I mean all the way in. As he licks my molars, I realize he's checking the filling with his tongue. This makes me giggle, blowing air out awkwardly between our lips.

"Tooth feels fine to me," he murmurs softly against my mouth.

"Can you check the other side?"

He locks his mouth on mine and gently tongues the inside of my cheek. I don't usually like so much tongue, but Drew's tongue is different. It's better than regular tongue. He's got GQ tongue.

He pulls the tongue back and goes back to lip stuff. Ah, this is nice. Sexy, soft GQ lips.

I want this moment to last, so I'm being very careful not to fall off my chair. He shifts his body to be closer to mine, his legs on either side of my legs.

I do what feels natural and reach down to grab his ass. Clutching his divinely muscular butt, I pull him toward me, until he's over my thighs, basically sitting on my lap.

He moans in protest, but keeps kissing me. Our mouths fit together perfectly, and he tastes like that good smell that comes off him: chocolate, citrus, balls.

I reach both hands up under his sweater, touching his back under the heat trapped by the orange sweater. His torso undulates over my touch, sending a white hot lightning bolt of lust through me.

He pulls his mouth off mine and quickly slides back off my thighs, onto his own chair. My heart sinks, the rejection of his body language washing over me. I don't have to feel bad for long, though, because he reaches down, grabs my ass, and pulls me onto his lap.

I slide up, getting a nice surprise when I reach my destination. He's not rejecting me at all.

"Meenie, I've got balls."

I move back an inch. "Am I squishing them?" I speak directly down toward his crotch. "Sorry, balls."

He laughs. "What I mean is, I'm comfortable with myself. I know I'm a man. I can sit on your lap if you want me to. Hell, I'll squirm around and give you a lap dance, if that's something you like." His hands feel hot on my ass, and he squeezes my butt, rocking me against his lap. "But, all things considered, I'd rather have your sweet, heart-shaped ass right here, on my lap." He rocks me again, rubbing me against his growing hardness. "Selfish jerk that I am."

I place my hands on his shoulders and grind against him like a horny teenager with ten minutes left on curfew. He moans to let me know he likes this just as much as I do.

We kiss some more. I keep rocking and grinding on his lap, my eyes closed. This is good. This is so much better than what I dared imagine when I called his phone number.

When I open my eyes, he's staring up at me with the most loving expression I've ever seen on a man in real life. He's looking at me like I'm wearing devil horns, plus a halo. Like I'm his dirty slut and his salvation, all wrapped up in one.

"Oh, f**k," I mutter. I lean forward, my hair settling around our faces like a curtain, and I crush my lips against his. Speaking of horny teens, I'm about to come, right through my jeans. He grips my butt and grinds me against him. I try to pull away before it happens, but my reflexes are not on the same program. My h*ps jerk with urgency, and I mash my mouth against his as I cry out in ecstasy.

My body fills with goodness and light, stars shooting everywhere. My toes curl and my fingers clutch the back of Drew's perfect head.

Gasping to catch my breath, I pull my mouth away from his. He looks confused. "Did you just come?"

I slide a few inches back, my eyes cast down on the green mask sitting at his collar like a deconstructed bow-tie.

"Shut up," I growl.

"Did you?" he asks, incredulous.

I reach down to his neck and yank his mask up to cover his mouth and nose. The mask makes it slightly easier to look at his face, but I can't meet his eyes.

"No," I say defensively. I pull back from his lap and retreat to the safety of my own chair. I cross my legs. "Whatever."

He studies my face, his gold-flecked brown eyes sharply inquisitive above the green mask. He blinks, holding me with his gaze as he slowly pulls the mask off over his head.

"I've never seen anything so hot," he says.

I roll my eyes. "Don't make fun of me. I'm embarrassed enough as it is. Stop looking at me, you freak."

He chuckles. "Meenie, I'm not what you'd call a virgin, but in a way, I am."

I shrug, putting on a cool, dismissive air. "Looks like you just lost your dry humping virginity."

He lets out a long, audible breath, then places his palms on my thighs. "For a long time, I thought there was something wrong with me. That I wasn't man enough." His eyelids lower as he stares down at his hands on my legs. "But maybe I'm not the one with the problem. Maybe I never was."

I look over at his dental tools spread across my mother's oak dining room table. I don't know what he's talking about, yet I understand what he's saying.

The dining room is really quiet. The only sound, besides us breathing, is the soft hum of the refrigerator in the next room.

Into the silence, I say, "Your last girlfriend didn't like sex."

He lets out a small laugh that sounds like relief, bordering on crazy. Living on my own in this big house all these months, I know that laugh well. It's the laugh of realization, of absurdity, of truth revealed.

His palms are still hot on my thighs. My body shakes involuntarily as I get one final, delayed tremor from my orgasm.

He looks up into my eyes, smiling now. "Thank you, Meenie. I think I'm going to be okay."

I hold my hands out, palms up. I put a big smile on my face. "You're cured. See? The self-help group really works."

He keeps gazing into my eyes, a goofy look on his face.

I should probably offer him a handjob or something, but I hear myself saying the words in my head, and it seems like the wrong thing to say. Normally, that doesn't stop me, but tonight it does.

Now what?

"Thanks for fixing my tooth," I say sweetly. "Let's not tell Feather about those two times you kissed me."

"You want me to leave?" His tone is neutral, and his face doesn't give anything away.

"It's Saturday night. I'm sure you have plans." I turn and look at the clock on the dining room wall. "Look at the time! I hate to dry hump and run, but... I really need to dry hump and run."

"Again?"

I hold up my hand. "Thanks, but I'm good. That one should do me for a while."

He turns and starts packing his things back into the leather doctor bag. "I guess I'll see you Tuesday?"

"You will if you have the balls to show up to group again." As soon as the words are out of my mouth, I regret them.

His face is in profile to me now, and his expression stays neutral. He finishes packing the tools into the bag.

"What do I owe you?" I ask brightly.

His voice flat, he says, "The glue and the house call are on me." He mutters, "As for the dry hump, I'll send you a bill."

The joke falls so flat, I can't even muster a pity chuckle. I just say, "Sounds good."

He finishes packing his bag and heads back through the house, to the front door. I trail after him, keeping at least five feet between us at all times.

"See you Tuesday," I mumble when we reach the door.

He mumbles something about looking forward to it, then he leaves.

I lock the door behind him and slide down to sit on the floor.

Muffin suddenly appears at my side, thrusting his head at my hand.

"Sure, now you show up," I say to the ginger cat. "Why are you so shy around new people? I could have used you as comic relief just now, dude."

Muffin arches his back and creepily stares at a spot on the wall for no reason at all.

"Why can't I be a normal girl?"

He keeps staring at the mysterious spot, his tail twitching. Cats can see things on the UV spectrum, so there's probably a shadow or reflection there that he can see and I can't.

There are plenty of things I can't see.

I hear my thoughts in my head, as clearly as a person speaking. I keep looking without seeing.

My eyes are hot, and my jaw hurts. Tears threaten to spill down my cheeks. Drew would still be here right now, if I hadn't driven him away. Why do I do that? What the hell is wrong with me?

(Don't answer that.)

Chapter 16

On Sunday, Rory comes over to do laundry. I'm feeling a little less devastated about last night's dental encounter with Drew, but I'm on edge.

Rory and my sister usually do laundry together and hang out in the TV room watching movies on Sundays. I join them about half the time, once I'm done my Sunday baking. It's the one day of the week that the flower shop is closed, so we try to get housekeeping stuff done, even though Mom's not around to kick our butts.

Rory looks a little lost. Maybe I'm projecting my emotional state on her, but she seems, for lack of a better word, wobbly.

She stands in the kitchen, her cotton laundry bag of clothes strung over her shoulder. She's wobbling, swaying like a wildflower in a windstorm. It's just the two of us today, so that could be what's throwing her off. Rory looks scared that I'm going to scream PANTIES or start talking about double penetration.

I put the cookie tray in the oven as I explain to her, "Teenie had to drive Luca around for some garage business. She'll stop in later, but she said you should try to have fun with me." I set the timer on the oven. "I promise to behave."

She looks like she's struggling with the decision to stay, which makes me feel like crap. I'm already beating myself up over driving Drew away last night, and now this rejection by her feels like the lard icing on the crap cake.

"I don't want to impose," she says.

"This is practically your house as much as mine, Rory. You're like our third sister. Don't be silly. Let's get the laundry going."

I dash around the house, grabbing my clothes, and join her for sorting.

When it comes to laundry with Rory, you need to know the rules, and not freak out. The first load is her underwear, which she has to throw into the machine directly from an opaque bag, with nobody looking. She tops up the load with other clothes, and sets it washing.

Rory doesn't mind me or Tina seeing the panties after they've been washed, but the initial step is too intimate. She's also unable to purchase underwear, so Tina and I have to buy everything for her. She wears the same size bra as I do, so I'm her fit model. When we go to the mall together, she goes to get frozen yogurt while we purchase her undergarments.

I dump out the hamper, and the pliers fall to the floor with a clunk. I let out a guilty laugh.

She looks at the pliers, then at me. "Meenie, now what have you done?"

"Nothing odd, I swear. I had a loose filling that was bothering me."

She's not buying my story. Her amber eyes are burning into my soul. She's known me too long to buy my bullshit.

"I did a stupid thing," I admit begrudgingly. "I pulled my dental cap off and called that guy Drew, the one you met at the pub. He came and glued it on, then we kissed for a bit, then I drove him away because it got weird."

She takes a long drink from her takeout coffee.

"You did more than kiss," she says.

"My clothes didn't come off, but there was some heavy breathing."

"You guys seem to have a lot of chemistry. He really likes you, Meenie."

I roll my eyes. "No, he doesn't. He's looking for a rebound lay, or some sort of cure-by-magical-p-word."

She winces at my near-mention of the word pu**y.

We keep sorting the remainder of the laundry. To my surprise, even though I've been talking about a guy, she doesn't pull her disappearing act. Tina mentioned Rory was doing a little better lately, but I didn't believe it until now.

"What do you mean by cure-by-magical-p-word?" she asks.

"The whole Manic Pixie Dream Girl thing. Where the guy meets a girl, and she's wild and crazy, but she's actually just what he needs. Like an antidepressants prescription, only the kind he wants to take, because he can put his dick in her."

Rory shudders visibly, and I apologize for saying the D-word.

Slowly, carefully, she asks me, "Did he put his D-word in you?"

"No, he did not. But I sat on his lap and rubbed up against it for a bit."

"Why?"

I shrug. "Because it feels good."

"Does it?"

"Yes. Rory, it feels really good. When the guy is cute, even holding hands feels good. What else do you want to know?"

She keeps sorting the laundry. She's not talking, but her face keeps moving, like she's having a conversation with herself.

I remember my promise to behave, so I won't push her to share when she's not ready. It's tempting, because I'd much rather focus on Rory's problems than think about mine.

The timer for the cookies goes off, so I run back to the kitchen and pull the trays out.

For the next few hours, we do laundry, talk about safe topics like food, and eat cookies.

As we're folding up the last load, she says, "I watched some g*y p**n ."

My jaw practically hits the floor.

"The p**n with two guys," she says. "And then three guys."

"Good for you," I say with the measured cheerfulness of a Kindergarten teacher complimenting the world's ugliest finger painting.

"It was interesting," she says.

"Lots of women watch g*y p**n . It doesn't mean you're g*y, Rory."

"I know that," she snaps back.

"Sorry."

We fold laundry in silence, then she says, "I saw Howard."

"My ex? Was he in the g*y p**n o you watched?" I snort. "That would explain a lot."

"No, I saw him at work. We're catering his engagement dinner."

She bites her lip, like she's on the verge of telling me something.

I prompt her with, "And?"

"Howard's a nice guy, Meenie. He told me some of the things you said to him when you were breaking up. They were pretty bad. And I just wanted to hear your side of the story."

Rory flicks her amber eyes up to meet mine, and I feel like a wild animal trapped in a corner. There's an intensely smelly wave of judgement coming off her.

"If you must know, I was terrible to Howard. There's no excuse for what I said to him. I'm a toxic person, Rory, don't you know that? You shouldn't have told me about the g*y p**n stuff, because I'll probably bring it up in front of other people. I'm just an awful, horrible, toxic waste dump of a person."

"But why?" She looks genuinely curious, which only irritates me more. "You grew up with a nice family. Not like mine."

"Rory, shut up about how bad you had it. Maybe some of us are just born screwed up. Have you ever thought about that? You blame your family for how you are, but maybe you just came out that way, already wired to be screwed up. Everybody feels sorry for you, and bends over backward to accommodate your little quirks, but nobody feels shit for me." I've stopped folding, and my hands are just waving around the air with no purpose. "I've got nothing. Nobody cares about me except for my self-help group, and now even that's ruined because of Drew. So, thanks a lot for bringing up Howard and making me feel bad about things from the past, because I wasn't feeling bad enough already. Thanks a lot."

She finishes stuffing her clothes into her bag and slings it over her shoulder.

"Good talk," she says, and she leaves the laundry room as fast as she can.

I should chase after her and apologize, but I don't.

After a moment, I pick up the pliers from the folding table and chuck them against the wall as hard as I can.

My day has gone from bad to worse. Just like my whole life.

Chapter 17

I'm still a wreck on Tuesday, and I seriously consider skipping the self-help group.

At ten minutes to eight, I'm still pouting in the bath tub. Muffin is sitting at the edge lapping up the warm bath water.

"You're the reason I can't have soapy bubble baths," I tell him.

He gives me an innocent look and keeps drinking. Then he sits up, licks his paw, and gives me a look, as if to say, Meenie, get your weirdly pink, non-furry body out of this tub and go to your Tuesday group. The nights you feel too depressed to go are exactly the nights you should be there. Why don't you have any fur? Here, I will lick your shoulder, because you are weird and pink like a kitten. I love you. I love you and I want you to stop moping around here, crying in the tub like a weird furless kitten.

"You're right," I tell him.

He blinks slowly. I'm always right.

I pull out the drain plug and climb out.

He trots ahead of me. Oh, you're going out? If you're going to be late, you should leave out some extra food, in case I get peckish.

I sneak into the group session as quietly as I can, considering how squeaky the door is. The gang is all here. There must be sixteen people, a couple of them new. Drew is here, and he barely flicks his gorgeous brown eyes up at me.

I appreciate his discretion, and cross my fingers that when it's his turn to share, he doesn't talk about being dry humped by a psychotic after-hours dental patient.

Feather keeps talking, reading from a book about boundaries that she's recommending to the whole group. It sounds a little touchy feely to me, but Drew asks her to show him the cover, so maybe the book's worth looking into.

I have mixed feelings about self-help books. My mother's got an old dog-eared copy of The Rules. That's a book by two trainwreck ladies with a bunch of divorces, all about tricking guys into not thinking of you as an actual person, but as a prize to be won.

Tina and I like to dramatically read quotes from The Rules at parties, or have people take the quizzes from a Cosmopolitan magazine. Tina acts like it's a big joke, but I've heard her quote Cosmopolitan articles with zero irony.

Everybody scrapes their chairs on the gray floor to make room for me, and I squeeze in next to Abbie. She gives me a sweet smile, and I'm so glad Muffin made me come here tonight, that I surprise Abbie with a big hug.

For the next hour, I keep my problems to myself and listen to the others share their problems. I offer a few comments, keeping it honest and respectful. I start getting that high feeling I get from group.

Tuesday nights are the best part of my week. Hearing that bad things happen to other people doesn't exactly make me feel better, but it puts my bad feelings in perspective.

So what if I dry humped a hot dentist? The way the older ladies in the group keep smiling at Drew, I think they'd sell a kidney to get to experience what I did.

(Note to self: That would be an interesting way to run a drive for people to fill out their organ donor registrations. Give a Kidney, Dry Hump a Dentist. It's like the modern version of a Kissing Booth, which is something I've never, ever, ever seen in real life, yet is a staple of sitcom plots and romantic comedy movies, as common as people meeting their friends for a casual hangout, IN THE FRIGGING MORNING before they go to work. Like regular people get up at five a.m. to pop by each other's houses for a few jokes before even beginning their commute.)

Feather calls my name. "Meenie, is there something you're ready to share tonight?"

"Have you guys ever seen a Kissing Booth in real life? Do you think charities actually do them? I wouldn't think so, considering sexual harassment lawsuits, not to mention mouth herpes."

The group laughs uncomfortably, which is not an uncommon reaction from them when I talk.

Feather says, "Anything else?"

I look over at Drew for a microsecond, then pull my eyes away. It's too late. I'm sunk. He's wearing a chunky, cable-knit sweater, and he's never looked so huggable. He's like a human teddy bear.

I look back to Feather's blue eyes, and I'm transported to the ocean. All is safe here. Feather sees my soul. She gives me a reassuring smile, as if to say, Meenie, you've only dry humped one person here at the group, which is only about a five on the skank-o-meter, but who amongst us is perfect? Let she who has not dry humped anyone, or grabbed their hot dog at an inappropriate moment, throw the first stone. You came here to share, and you're paying for it, so share.

"I was depressed today, so I didn't bake anything," I tell the group. "Sorry."

Abbie puts her arm around me. "Honey, we love you anyway."

"Of course you'd say that. You're nice. What I want to know is... why can't I be nice? Why can't I say sweet, supportive things? I'm always wrecking everything by being mean. I could try changing my name, but I don't think it will help."

I look up at the people across from me. They're all avoiding eye contact, because it's true.

One of the men speaks up. "You have a gift for honesty, and I might not have kept coming to group if it wasn't for you." He looks around at the group apologetically. "No offense. I like everyone, and you're all great in your own way, but Meenie's the only one who calls me on my bullshit."

Abbie gives me another squeeze around my shoulders. "Not everyone was meant to be sweet, my dear. Some of us are more... savory."

Drew lets out a loud "Hah!"

The group turns to face him. Feather says, "Is there something you'd like to share with us?"

He gazes deeply into my eyes, making me feel like I'm tumbling off my chair, even though I'm sober and perfectly still.

"Just that she's perfect," he says. "She's not mean. There's nothing wrong with her, and she doesn't need to change."

Feather leans forward with very interested, very suspicious body language. "Interesting," she says.

I exchange looks with Drew: We are both getting in BIG trouble from Feather after this session. She knows all about you giving me a dental exam with your tongue, Mr. Teddy Sweater.

Drew smiles back at me, all innocent sex appeal, like a hot teacher who doesn't know he's hot. "Last week, Meenie was saying that guys couldn't take a little teasing from her. I've been thinking about it, and she's right. There's nothing wrong with her."

"Thank you," I say.

He winks at me. "Guys razz each other all the time. I've got some friends I used to play rugby with, and if we're not talking about the smallness of each other's private parts, we're talking about nailing each other's mothers." He grimaces and looks around at the seniors present. "Sorry to be so coarse, but it's relevant."

They motion for him to go on. I might not be impartial, but Drew's speech so far is definitely one of the top ten moments of group since I've been coming.

He fixes his eyes on mine, sucking my soul out of my body and over to his for a soft, fuzzy, sweater hug with his soul. "Meenie just needs to find a real man, who knows who he is. Someone who can take her over his knee and show her a firm hand when she's-"

Feather interrupts, "DREW!"

He keeps looking into my eyes. Yeah, I said it, his look says. You're just a naughty girl who needs a good spanking, and I'm the guy to give it.

My ni**les are so amped right now. They are trying to tunnel out of my bra and shirt, along with the rest of my body. I'm on the edge of my seat.

One of the new faces, a woman a little older than me, raises her hand. "My husband and I enjoy a little light spanking." She pushes her glasses up her nose. "I read that Fifty Shades book, and I turned into a wild sex animal. You all should try it."

Abbie nods in agreement. "Spanking is the new oral."

Another lady chimes in, saying she thought anal was the new oral, and from that point, the group basically becomes a free-for-all of sex tips and book recommendations.

I look over at Feather, and see that she's smiling. That's weird. Everybody's talking at once, yet she doesn't mind a bit. She even reaches up to wipe away a glistening tear of happiness from one eye. Wow. Those pregnancy hormones must be a real roller coaster.

I've been avoiding looking at Drew since his offer to spank me, but I can't avoid his eyes forever.

I turn to him and give him a sexy tigress look.

Over the noise, he says, "I meant what I said."

I keep nodding. "Game on," I tell him. Game on.

Chapter 18

While the other group members surround the snack table after the session, Drew and I make a hasty exit.

I don't turn around to check, but I'm sure Feather is giving us a withering stare. She forbade us from dating each other, which only makes sneaking out together the MOST. FUN. EVER.

Out in the hallway of the community center, I get the giggles. My voice reverberates through the hallway, making me sound even more crazy than I feel right now.

Drew pins me up against a community bulletin board and starts kissing me. His fall sweater makes him even more cuddly. As our tongues get reacquainted, one of my legs rises up on its own and hooks itself around Drew so he can't get away.

His breath hot on my face, he reaches down and grabs my butt so hard, he lifts me right off the ground. As he grinds the zipper area of his pants against mine, I moan and lift the other leg, so they're both wrapped around him.

The colored papers on the cork bulletin board behind me start falling to the hallway floor like autumn leaves.

My arms are wrapped tightly around Drew's strong shoulders, and I don't want to let go.

"You're such a bad girl," he says, gasping. "You've really got a good grip on me, too."

I gaze up into his dreamy brown eyes. "I am your human barnacle."

He doesn't even blink. "You are definitely my human barnacle, and I'll never scrape you off."

"That's the most romantic thing I've ever heard."

"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"

I take a deep breath. "Yes."

"What am I thinking?" he asks cheekily.

"That we should have coitus in that janitor's closet right there."

He starts to laugh, his whole body shaking. His arms relax, and his fingers loosen their grip on my bu**ocks. I slide straight down between Drew and the bulletin board, landing hard on my tailbone.

He stops laughing immediately and stoops down to pick me up. "Are you okay?"

I grin through the tailbone pain. "I'm okay," I gasp.

"You shouldn't make me laugh so hard when I'm trying to be sexy. And what kind of human barnacle are you if you couldn't hang on while I got a better grip on your sexy ass?"

"You make me weak," I sputter. "You make my knees weak, and my spine weak, and you're all up inside my boundaries, with your tongue in my mouth checking my molars. Shame on you."

He helps me to my feet, then crosses the hallway to check the janitor's closet. "Locked," he says with disappointment.

"Hmm." I pretend to be struggling with the problem at hand. "Let's do that thing where we go to my house, on the pretense of doing an errand, and then we fool around."

He rubs his chin. "There is that book you promised to lend me."

"What book? Oh! Yes, that book." We start walking toward the main exit.

Since we both arrived for the meeting in separate cars, Drew follows me home in his car. Funny thing about this: he drives the newer model of my mother's car. So, that's weird.

It's dark and cozy out when we get to my house. As we cross the lawn to the front door, we both glance up at the same time and then stop in our tracks.

"Cloudless night," he says.

The moon and stars look more beautiful than ever.

Drew wraps his arms around me and kisses me under the stars. I've never swooned before, but I think I'm swooning right now. His sweater is fuzzy. I feel dizzy, like my head just struck the mat in a wrestling match.

He squeezes me.

My wrestling instincts kick in, and I sweep with my leg. Drew goes down hard, like a bag of sand. He wasn't expecting that.

I gasp and cover my hand with my mouth. "I'm so sorry, Drew. I don't know what happened, but my head was swooning, then you squeezed me, and I panicked."

He stays down on the grass, staring up at me with a stunned expression. "Are you on any medications?"

"No, but I probably should be."

"How's your tailbone feeling?"

I reach back and give it a rub. "A little sore, but-"

He pounces like a tiger and tackles me to the ground. We roll together, a tangle of arms and legs. His mouth is on mine. We're both laughing, and I'm laughing so hard my eyes are leaking. There's grass caught between out mouths, but Drew just fishes the grass out and keeps on kissing me.

He's on top of me, and I'm letting out soft, happy moans as our bodies grind against each other.

He reaches between our torsos and slips his fingers inside the waistband of my jeans. "May I?"

I try to look coy and resist the urge to beg. "Be my guest."

He rolls to the side, so he can slip his hand down my jeans and into my panties. I stare up at the beautiful, starry night sky, until he starts kissing me, and I close my eyes.

I hear the night sounds of the city: traffic in the distance, the sounds of conversations coming from open windows, and someone calling in either a cat or a dog.

Drew's hand is in my jeans. His mouth is hot on my lips. His fingers push down the front of me until they push between my legs. The whole world slips away, and it doesn't matter that we're on the front lawn of my house with only a hedge for privacy.

He starts breathing heavily as he finds my core, where his fingers slip and rub easily. My body tenses as my h*ps rise up, pushing against his hand.

He's keenly focused on my pleasure, first stroking one way, then swirling, and pausing, as if waiting for a response.

"Well?" he finally prompts. "Am I doing it right?"

"Yes," I whisper. My ache is building, and I'm rocking my hips, but I want more. I desperately need more.

I reach down and finish unbuttoning my jeans, then start pushing them down. Drew uses his free hand to help get my jeans down to my knees, and I'm able to kick them the rest of the way off, along with my shoes.

He glances around, "I'm glad those hedges are there."

The grass is ticklish on the back of my legs, but Drew keeps stroking me with his fingers, and everything is perfect. Without clothes in the way, he's able to angle his palm and slip further inside me.

He moves his body down along mine and kisses my stomach, circling his way down. I reach down and catch his jaw before he goes too far and gets too intimate.

"Anything but that," I whisper.

"Okay," he says.

We stare at each other for a moment, my refusal hanging between us like a boundary.

I reach for his hand and put it back, then smile encouragement. "Your hand feels so good. You have incredible hands."

He smiles, lifting away any awkwardness. Now we're just having fun again. His fingers start having a lot of fun.

I moan and rock my h*ps against him. He's so amazing with his fingers-responsive to me-but there's an urgency to his movements that isn't just from me.

Pushing myself up on one elbow, I reach for Drew's zipper. "Time to let the tiger out of the cage."

He rolls his h*ps back. "Do you have any condoms in the house?"

"Not as many as I have in my purse. They're old, but I checked the expiry date on the drive here." We stare into each other's eyes for a moment, both grinning like two idiots who are dumb enough to have coitus on a lawn but smart enough to use protection.

"Game on," he says.

He gently withdraws his hand from between my legs and starts looking through my purse.

I unzip his pants and let the tiger out of the cage. It leaps right into my hand, ready to go. I give it a few strokes, while admiring Drew's form in the moonlight.

He's still wearing his sweater and shirt, but that seems reasonable, since the fall night air is crisp.

He tears open a packet, and I reach up with one hand, palm outstretched. "Let me do it."

He shakes his head at me and rolls the condom on himself while I watch. We're both grinning, and then he returns to being on top of me. He uses his chin to push my shirt up, along with my sports bra.

His mouth sinks down on my nipple at the same time as he nudges my legs wider.

No more grinning or jokes. This is serious business time.

He sucks the flesh of my breast into his mouth at the same time as, down below, he slides the tip in. I cry out in sweet anticipation of release. He teases my nipple in his mouth, sucking so that unimaginable pleasure shoots through my body. I'm writhing around now, barely able to keep my moans quiet.

Now his hands are on my hips, his fingertips digging into the flesh of my butt with pleasure as excruciating as his teeth and mouth on my br**sts.

He slides in further, sending sparks of desire shooting through me. We move together like we've been here before, with each other. He pulls my shirt and bra off over my head, and now I'm na**d on the grass underneath him, like a wood nymph.

He rains kisses down on my chest, my neck, my lips.

The sweater has to go. I grab it and yank it off over his head. Next, I work the buttons of his shirt and pull it open at the front, so I can slide my hands up his smooth, gorgeous chest.

We keep rocking together, our h*ps working together and then against each other.

He reaches his full depth inside me, the tense mass of his balls tickling between my legs, along with the blades of grass.

The sparks inside me turn into fireworks. I murmur to Drew that I'm coming, as long as he keeps moving the way he is.

He pulls his face away from mine, to watch me as I come. I roll my head to face away to the side, conscious of my eyebrows tenting together and rising.

"You're so pretty," he murmurs.

I peak, and it's like cotton candy raining down around us. It must be from what he said, because this orgasm is the prettiest one I've ever felt, in shades of pink, like cherry blossoms raining down in the spring.

He switches gears, turning his face in the opposite direction as he bears down on me. His movements are steady and powerful. My whole body is sliding up on the grass with each thrust. His pace quickens until he gasps, spending himself in five, six, seven pulses.

He rests on me with a contented exhale.

My arms are both curled up around his back, one arm under his shirt and one over. My knees bent. My body lets go of all tension and I let my legs stretch out, and then my arms.

Another pleasurable feeling takes hold of me as I stare up at the starry sky, only this one isn't physical. It's as if all of life is gathering up in this one moment, making a knot, as if to say... this is something.

Drew's body is hot, and the grass beneath me is cool. I can smell the earth now. I move my arms and legs slowly, the tickling sensations of the blades of grass sending me the message again. This is something.

Drew plants a noisy kiss on my cheek and starts to pull away, lifting his upper body weight onto his elbows.

He moves his face over mine, blocking my vision of the stars. "What on earth are you doing? Are you making grass angels?"

I stop moving my arms and legs. "Not on purpose."

He chuckles. "I think the best things we ever do are not on purpose." His expression grows serious. In the dim light of just the moon and the house's porch light, with his face in deep shadows, this look is very serious.

I frown up at him. "Don't fall in love with me."

He doesn't react immediately.

I quickly apologize. "I'm sorry. I don't know why I said that. You can fall in love with me if you want. But you should know, I'm a terrible girlfriend. It's going to end in tears, and there's something else you should know. I won't be the one crying."

"I don't care if you're a terrible girlfriend, because I don't want one of those."

"You don't?" My voice cracks.

"Silly Meenie." He kisses the tip of my nose. "I want a human barnacle, like you promised."

I let out a sigh of relief. "I could be your barnacle."

"Could you wear that captivating shirt you wore the night we met? The I-Heart-BJ shirt?"

"Even better. I'll wear the I-Heart-BJ shirt while giving you one."

At the mention of this, the part of him that's been recovering gives a twitch.

I let out a squeal, which makes him twitch again.

He pulls away from me, reaching for his pants to cover himself. "Maybe we should go into the house before someone calls the cops."

Right on cue, a police siren sounds off in the distance.

We stare at each other, eyes wide.

"No way," I whisper.

We scramble to gather up our clothes and run laughing into the house, moving as quickly as we can.

Chapter 19

In the morning, I wake up to an elbow in my face. Drew keeps sleeping, oblivious to me groaning about his elbow hitting my nose.

"I think it's more crooked now," I grumble.

He rolls onto his side, his back to me. I run my hands up and down his bare back, enjoying this quiet moment in the morning sunshine to admire Drew's perfection. His back is broad and strong, with just a smattering of freckles on his upper shoulders. I cuddle up to him and cup my hands around his butt cheeks. He must have put on his boxer shorts after I fell asleep last night... after he finally wore me out.

The guy is insatiable! After we came in from the front lawn, I made him a sandwich, and he couldn't keep his hands off me. We went for two more rounds in my bed, much to the irritation of Muffin, who wouldn't stop jumping up on the bed to judge at us. We shut him out of the room finally. Naturally, he scratched at the door and meowed pitifully until we were done.

Speak of the devil. I hear him jump up onto my nightstand.

I kiss Drew on the back of the neck, then roll over to find a very angry orange cat scowling at me with narrowed eyes and flat ears.

"Be nice," I tell him.

He flicks his tail, meows once, and then runs from the room.

"Don't you dare pee on Drew's shoes," I call after him.

Drew rolls onto his back and blinks up on me. "What?"

"He doesn't do it all the time."

"I can't tell if you're joking. Should I be concerned?"

I shake my head. "I'm pretty sure Muffin is not peeing on your nice Italian loafers right now. But you should probably smell them before you put them on." I smile and run my fingers over Drew's chest in a flirty way. "I'll sniff your shoes and make sure they're okay. What else can I do for you? Breakfast in bed? Pack you a bagged lunch for work today?"

He looks over at the time on the LED alarm clock. "It's Wednesday, right? You know, I don't have patients until after lunch."

"Your practice is slow? Oh, no. Are you not a very good dentist? Maybe I should get a second opinion on that cap you glued into my mouth all willy nilly."

He gets a mock-outraged look and rolls onto me, tickling my sides with both hands while pinning me down. "Not a very good dentist? You are so mean, you bad girl."

Drew is bigger and stronger than me, but his hold isn't as effective as he thinks. I shift my weight in a way he's not expecting, and a second later, he's pinned under me.

He goes limp, saving his dignity by not even trying to get away. "Now what? Do you spit in my mouth until I say Uncle? That's what my brother would do."

I laugh. "I'm not going to spit in your mouth. How old is your brother?"

"Two years younger than me, but he was always a big kid." He laughs self-consciously. "I'm more of a lover than a fighter."

"I'll say. You wore me out last night."

He lifts his head enough to give me a kiss. His lips on mine flip a switch in my brain. Now his body, underneath mine, isn't just the muscles and bones of a wrestling opponent. My body electrifies. Drew is so much more than his body, yet I really like his body.

He rests his head back on my pillow. The seafoam green linens are a perfect complement to his skin tone. His brown eyes are rich with bright flecks, and an inner ring that's nearly green. You'd think I bought these sheets just to make Drew look even more delicious.

"What are you thinking about?" He reaches up to run his fingers through my tangled morning hair.

"That you look really good in my bed."

"Thanks." He grins. "I can't wait to see how good you look in my bed. Maybe this weekend?"

As he's talking, he casually slides one hand down the side of my na**d body and then slips his hand between my legs.

"This weekend?" I ask casually, even as I shudder with pleasure at the deliciousness of his finger stroking me.

"I'll make you dinner, but I should warn you that I have a roommate. I might even throw a small party. So don't show up na**d under a trench coat."

His finger is working magic, but I won't let it show on my face.

"What makes you think I'd show up na**d in a trench coat?"

"You're a wild girl. Exactly what I need right now." He doesn't let it show on his face, but his body is also reacting to our morning pillow talk. Under the thin cotton of his boxers, something is getting some powerful ideas about places it would like to visit.

"You need me right now?" I ask.

He groans and rolls us over so he's on top.

"Yes, right now. I need you, Megan."

I gasp and reach down to push his hand away.

"What's wrong?" he asks.

"You said my real name," I whisper. "You said it like you know me, like we've known each other forever." I blink up at his gorgeous face, aware that I sound like an idiot, but unable to stop myself. "You said my name like you know me," I repeat softly.

He kisses me gently, the skin around his mouth faintly scratchy from his overnight stubble.

"I want to know you," he says.

My eyes hurt, and I get a chill all over my body. I turn my head to the side, looking away. He takes this as an invitation and kisses the side of my cheek softly, and then my neck. His touch is so beautiful and tender, it hurts. My whole body hurts, especially my chest.

I pull away from him and grab a condom that I thrust into his hand. He blinks at me, his brown eyes big and innocent.

I've got a terrible feeling he wants to make love to me. Like, the whole deal, with looking into my eyes and saying sweet things. Saying my name. Loving me. And then later finding out I'm not worth all those things he thought he felt.

I give him an eyebrow waggle, and then get into position on my hands and knees. "How do you feel about doggie style?"

He licks his lips and looks over my body. I shake my hips, and watch as his desire to make love morphs into something I can handle.

"I don't know," he says. "I've never had the chance. I told you, my history hasn't been that adventurous."

"Well, saddle up. What are you waiting for?"

He pushes down his boxers and rolls the condom on. My body tingles with anticipation. He gets in place behind me and pauses.

"Um... did you mean..."

I look over my shoulder. "Not the back door. Not unless you...?"

"Ah. Sorry. Just the regular one, then. Of course, of course."

He slides the tip in hesitantly. I push back impatiently.

"Oh, that's nice," he says.

I whip my head around to give him a dirty look. "Nice? Don't make me kick you out of this bed."

He gives me a frustrated look. "What do you want?"

"Reach your hand up to the base of my head, grab my hair, and then give it to me like you mean it."

He reaches for my hair and growls. "Like I mean what?"

"It's just something people say. Hey, didn't you promise to spank me? You did. Right in front of everyone at the group."

He lets go of my hair and slaps my ass. "Like this?"

My inner walls clench at him, answering his question. He thickens inside me and thrusts pleasurably. We both groan.

He laps my butt again, making me cry out in surprise, but not pain. I clench again, and he keeps moving, driving himself into me.

"Again," I beg, and he does it. He smacks me with a flat hand, first hard and then soft, massaging me in between.

I grab both of the pillows from the bed and hold on to them for support while he drives himself into me, rocking me so hard I can feel my face shake.

Just as he's coming, he gets a flash of inspiration and reaches around to glide his fingers around in front of where he's filling me. He finds the spot and takes me with him, over the edge.

"Oh, Megan," he groans, and I come with him.

I feel so dirty, with my name washing over me.

"Megan," he says softly.

I shake and shudder like the last leaf on a tree, caught in a howling windstorm.

"Megan."

I let go.

Clutching the pillows tight to my chest, I moan, "Drew."

Chapter 20

Drew takes a shower in the main bathroom, and I use my mother's bathroom. The room smells a little funky, which makes me think the water in the P-trap under the shower has dried up, so it's probably a good thing I'm using her shower.

With the fan on and the window open, the room is perfectly fresh within minutes. I shower quickly, because I don't want Drew snooping around the house without me. There are certain things I might have in certain drawers, and I don't want to have to explain them. Some of those things have batteries. Those things, and my relationship with them, is between me and the company that sends them to the house in plain brown boxes.

Once I'm all showered, I grab Drew's clothes from my bedroom floor. There are grass stains on his trousers.

In the laundry room, I put some pre-wash stain treatment on the grass stains before tossing everything into the washing machine.

I'm in the kitchen when he comes out of the bathroom wearing the gray unisex sweatpants and white T-shirt I sent him in with.

"Sexy," I say, whistling.

"This is very casual for me."

"I won't tell anyone, Mr. GQ."

He frowns. "Why do people call me that? Some of the hygienists at the practice call me that if I'm wearing a new suit. It's emasculating to call a guy that, just because he likes to look stylish. I don't go around calling them Miss Vogue if they buy a new skirt."

"They'd probably like it if you did." I nod toward the table by the window. "You can sit. I'll make you breakfast."

I'm at the sink, and he comes up behind me and puts his arms around me. He nuzzles my neck. "Let's make breakfast together."

I scrunch my neck and shoulder together to push him away gently. His touch is way too intimate, and we'll never get breakfast if he keeps this up.

He pulls away with a chuckle. "Tell me where the coffee stuff is."

While I start getting some English muffins ready, I give him instructions on where to find the coffee supplies. He measures out the coffee grounds and water like he's a high school chemistry teacher making crystal meth.

Once we have breakfast made, and Muffin has been served his soft canned food, we sit together at the breakfast nook. The large window faces the back yard.

"My sister lives there," I say flicking my chin at the converted garage that's now a cottage. "She's one year older than me, but she's got a boyfriend now, so we can't set her up with your brother, as cute as that would be for us and double dating."

He chuckles. "I'd never set a girl up with my brother."

"Does he prefer dudes? I only have the one sister, but I do have a g*y cousin."

Drew gives me a sideways look. "No, he likes girls. He likes a lot of girls."

"He's the opposite of you." I grab the jam and spoon some onto my toasted English muffin, and then onto his.

"You sure make a lot of assumptions." He leans back in his chair and takes a sip of his coffee. "Like you assume I want jam on that, and that I can't spoon it on myself."

I stop what I'm doing and stare up at him. Is he serious? I'm being nice here, making him breakfast, and he's going to grind my gears over some jam?

I bring his English muffin to my mouth and start licking it. He watches, his expression a complicated mix of amusement and horror. Once I'm finished licking off every bit of jam, I set the English muffins back in front of him. He keeps sipping his coffee.

I pull out my phone and chew away contentedly on my own breakfast while I check my text messages and stuff. My sister is working at the flower shop today, so I have the whole day off. What am I going to do? I could bake something. I send Rory a message asking if she wants to hang out. Her schedule is usually relaxed during the week.

Out of the corner of my eye, I watch as Drew opens the peanut butter and coats his English muffin, then takes a bite.

"How's that taste?" I ask.

"Perfect," he says. "The saliva blends nicely with the peanut butter."

"You're kind of a dick sometimes, aren't you?"

"I can't say the thing you are sometimes, because I'm a gentleman."

"Stop being such a dick. You're making my ni**les hard right now, and I don't need you wearing out my you-know-what. You're probably stretching it out with your big thing."

"I didn't hear any complaints this morning. Or last night, when I was begging to go to sleep, and you wouldn't let me."

I snort. "Right. Funny, that's not how I remember it."

We go back to eating our breakfast, the sexual tension and animosity hanging in the air.

After a few minutes, I casually stretch my arms over my head, and then pull off the sweater I had on over my T-shirt. I smooth down the shirt and cough to get his attention.

Drew looks at my shirt, and his jaw stops moving, mid-chew.

I'm wearing the I heart BJ shirt.

Drew watches me as I grab the jam jar, dip my finger into the jam and then slowly suck it off my finger.

His gray sweatpants give him no privacy at all. I can see him rising to my challenge.

I lick some more jam as he watches, then I get up from my chair and kneel down in front of him. I give him an innocent look as I nuzzle my face along his thighs, moving up.

After teasing him with gentle nudges for a few minutes, I reach up and pull down the sweatpants. He closes his eyes as I lean forward and pretend he's got jam all over him.

His body is all tension and urgency, and I enjoy having the control. I take it slow, easing him into relaxation and drawing it out. I take a short break and look up at him. The words come from my mouth without any pre-thought: "Say my name. Tell me what I am. Angel or devil?"

"Megan," he says softly. "You're a devil and an angel all wrapped up in one, Megan."

Smiling, I take him back into my mouth and drive him to completion.

Even though I'm not technically the one being satisfied, I feel very satisfied by the time I help him pull his sweatpants back up.

"That was great," he says. "You're too good to me."

"I know. What can I say? I can be a really nice girl." I take my seat again, the heat of my arousal comfortably contained, like fireflies in a jar.

He finishes his coffee and pours another cup from the carafe.

"So, this weekend," he says, picking up on the conversation from two sex acts ago. "Dinner on Saturday night at six?"

"Only if you tell me where you live."

He chuckles. "I think I'm willing to take the security risk."

The washing machine interrupts us with its load-finished chime.

Drew follows me down toward the laundry room, and I give him a tour of the rest of the house along the way.

"Great house," he says with admiration. "When did you say your mother was coming back?"

I open the washing machine and start pulling out the clothes we were wearing last night.

"She might never come back. The woman just loves Europe, apparently."

"Do you miss her? My parents live ten blocks away from me. I can't imagine them being gone for so long."

I keep moving, putting the clothes into the dryer. I stop on Drew's trousers. "Uh-oh. The grass stains on the knees didn't wash out."

"Did you pre-treat them?"

"Of course I did."

"Did you let the stuff sit for twenty minutes before you put them in the wash?"

"Sort of," I say, which is a lie. I threw them straight in. "Don't worry, I'll run them through again."

Drew pulls the other wet clothes back out of the dryer. "What's going on here? These are all different colors. Don't you sort by colors?"

I squirt the pre-wash on Mr. Fussbucket's grass stains. "Calm down, dude. There's nothing bright red in there. I'm not a complete idiot."

He pulls out his dress shirt and scowls at it. "There's a grass stain on the elbow of this shirt."

I snatch it from his hand. "Fine. I'll pre-treat that one too, even though it's barely visible."

"Don't get huffy. I'm not mad at you. I just don't want to go into work late, doing the walk of shame with grass stains on my clothes. People will talk."

I empty the rest of the bottle of stain remover on Drew's grass stains, then keep squeezing, making the plastic bottle fart noisily.

"Let them talk."

He lets out an exasperated sigh. "I'm actually running out of time. Do you mind if I borrow these sweats? I'll just swing by my house on the way to work."

"Come with me. My mother's got some guy clothes in her room."

Drew seems reluctant, but I grab his hand and haul him along behind me.

We go into my mother's room, where Drew sits on the edge of the bed while I open up the second closet-the one my mother doesn't actually use.

Drew looks surprised by what's in the second closet. "There's a whole wardrobe in there, and it's not bad."

I shrug. "I guess the guy had good taste." I start laying some dress shirts and trousers on the bed.

"I almost hate to ask, but... why would someone leave so many clothes behind? These aren't brand new, but they're nice. Did your mother's boyfriend... pass away?"

"My mother's never had a boyfriend. Not until now, in Europe. With the Italian or the Jamaican or whoever it is."

I hold one of the light brown shirts up to Drew's neck. This khaki shade is a good color on him, but he's so cute, I can't imagine any color looking bad.

He takes the shirt from my hands, and then takes both my hands in his. He's still sitting on the edge of the bed, and I'm standing in front of him. Does he want to fool around again, already? Grinning, I move forward and sit on his lap. I lean down for a kiss, but he pulls his face away.

"Whose clothes are these?" he asks.

"Does it matter?"

"You tell me."

I push back and get off his lap. It was stupid of me to bring him in here. I should have let the pre-wash soak on the grass stains. I'm always so stupid and impulsive and impatient.

"Talk to me," he says.

I take the khaki shirt off the hanger and toss it on the bed next to him, along with a pair of dark brown slacks. The other clothes, I put back in the closet, back to where they came from.

"I don't like to talk about it," I say.

He crosses his arms. "I'm not leaving this room until you do."

"Just go. You can't be late for work. You have an important job. People are waiting for you. Patients. You don't have time for my dumb stuff."

"You're wrong. My job isn't that important. Not today, anyway. They can reschedule my appointments, or my partners can take over for me today. Meenie, I think there's a reason I got grass stains on my clothes."

I chortle. "There sure is. The reason is that you're an insatiable sex beast, and you had to take me on my lawn because you couldn't wait another minute to get your hands on-" I slap my h*ps twice for emphasis. "-all of this booty."

Drew's face is still serious, his brown eyes drawing me to him. "Look at me. Look at us. We're here together because both of us went to a self-help group-a self-help group we didn't mean to go to. You thought it was a weight loss group, and I thought I was going to a seminar on investing."

"Investing? No, that's at the other end of the community center. And it's a terrible group. They don't even have snacks."

"Can you be serious for a minute?"

"Probably not."

"Try."

I take a deep breath and sit down on the carpet, cross-legged. I put my palms together and calmly say, "Om. Serious."

Drew slides off the end of my mother's bed and sits in front of me, also cross-legged.

"You're flexible," I comment.

"I really was going there for an investment seminar. As soon as I walked into the room, I knew I was in the wrong place. But there was this cute girl there. So I stayed, even though I didn't have any emotional or life problems to discuss."

My neck is itchy. I rub my neck. This conversation is uncomfortable.

"You're going to be late for work," I say.

He keeps gazing into my eyes, unwilling to let me go. "The more I spent time with you, the more I realized I did have a problem. I was lonely. And I was afraid of being with a woman, because my last relationship was so exhausting."

I let out a big breath, blowing the air up my face to make my hair flutter. "If you don't like exhausting, you'd better stay far away from me."

"I find you invigorating. You're a little... complicated, I'll give you that, but you're the good kind of complicated."

Scratching my ear while I look away, I mutter, "I like you too, dude."

"Since you're helping me with my problem, maybe I can help you with yours."

"I don't have a problem."

"Whose clothes are these?"

"They're your clothes now. You can throw them out when you get home. They're from some guy who was passing through."

"Some guy passing through?"

I stare at him with bugged-out eyes. "Yeah, Drew. Just some random guy. I couldn't even tell you his name. Don't worry, he didn't hurt me or do anything bad. It's not like that."

"If you want to talk, I can stay. I should call the office so they don't worry about me."

I nod my head forward, over my knees, and then throw my torso back and roll over my shoulder then spring up to my feet.

"I'm fine." I stretch my arms out wide. "Get dressed and get going. We've got plenty of time to talk."

"You're sure?"

I walk over to where Drew's still sitting cross-legged, and I pull his borrowed white T-shirt off over his head, then grab his hands and help him to his feet.

"You can talk to me," he says.

"I have plenty of people to talk to. I have a whole group full of them."

"They seem like decent people." He holds his arms out and lets me slip the khaki shirt on him. He buttons the shirt.

"You'd think it was custom made for you," I murmur, admiring him.

He pulls on the pants. "You can have the self-help group back to yourself. I'll stop going, of course. In case you need to talk to them about relationship stuff and the new guy you're seeing." He tucks in the shirt and admires himself in the mirrored door on the main closet. "I hear your new guy is quite the catch, a dentist with a good credit rating, and no arrests for public nudity... yet."

I wrap my arm around Drew's lower back and start showing him out of my mothers room, and onward to the front door. "No public nudity. We'll see what we can do about that."

He grins. "I'm looking forward to it."

We get to the front door, and I pick up his shoes to sniff them for signs of trouble from Muffin. They smell fine, but when I tip one over, a furry catnip toy falls out.

"Good news," I say. "My cat likes you."

"I'm so relieved." He puts on the shoes, then kisses me goodbye. "Should I call you tonight?"

"About what?"

He looks mildly exasperated. "To talk? I don't know. Don't you girls like to be called?" He opens the door, but stands in the doorway. "What's up? You can tackle a man to the ground, lick all the jam off his English muffin, and countless other things I can't say with your door open, but the idea of a phone call makes you uncomfortable?"

I shrug and look around for a distraction. Where is that cat when I need him?

"Let's just take it one day at a time," I say sweetly, moving toward him.

"Are you herding me out of your house?"

"No," I say, even though I clearly am.

He darts back in, getting past me. "Forgot my phone," he says. He gets it from the table where we ate breakfast, and then makes his way out the front door again, watching me warily. "What's your number again?"

"I never gave it to you."

"I know. You called my after-hours line from the home phone. I want your cell number so I can text you my address for Saturday."

I give him my number, and then program his number into my phone, since it would be rude not to.

Standing in the doorway, he looks down at how close I'm standing. Our stomachs are nearly touching. He says, "You can't wait to get rid of me."

"I think you're projecting. You should probably talk to someone about that. Maybe a self-help group."

He grins. "You're so cheeky." He gives me another kiss, and then he finally steps back out of the doorway and turns to leave.

I watch his GQ-adorable butt as he walks past the spot where we got the grass stains last night.

He stops and points to the lawn in that area. "Looks like some wild animals bedded down here last night. You can see some of the blades of grass are bent."

"Maybe coyotes." I wave at him. "Have a good day at work."

Still grinning, he waves back, and then disappears around the hedge.

I close the door and finally relax, slouching forward with my hands on my knees as I mutter a string of curse words.

I'm in a real pickle now. I certainly don't want to go to Drew's dumb house on Saturday and meet his roommate and then his parents who live ten blocks away. I don't want to date someone who badgers me about how long I left stain remover on grass stains.

I don't know what I want, or why I want what I want. Or why I don't want what I don't want. But I do know I need to take another shower, and throw this stupid BJ shirt out, and get my life together for once.

Chapter 21

After Drew leaves, I spend the bulk of Wednesday watching TV and leafing through magazines. I've got to break things off with Drew. Our hookup was fun, but I'll just get hurt eventually, so I can't be with him.

Muffin seems agitated, and keeps looking at the front door, like he's expecting Drew to return.

At quarter after six, Rory phones to ask why I'm not at O'Flannagan's.

I slap my palm to my forehead. I completely forgot that a few hours earlier, I made plans to see her for dinner.

"Are you okay?" she asks.

"Obviously not. I am so sorry. Hang on, I'll wipe the chip crumbs off my shirt and be there as fast as I can."

"Don't bother."

I start to sniffle. "Rory, I'm so sorry. You're my only friend, and I said the D-word when we were doing laundry, even though I knew you'd be upset, and now I've stood you up. I'm the worst person."

"No, I mean don't bother wiping the chip crumbs off your shirt. I'll grab some takeout and bring it over there."

"You'd do that for me?"

"Sure," she says slowly. "Promise you'll stay away from pointy things and pliers until I get there."

I sniff again and thank her.

Rory shows up at the house with a bunch of food, including spicy hot wings. I didn't think I was hungry, but then the sharp vinegar smell of the barbecue sauce hits my nose and my mouth waters.

Rory has her curly dark hair loose around her shoulders, and her eyes are bright and gold tonight. She's also wearing makeup, which is unusual for her.

"New dress?" I ask.

"Yup." She opens the takeout containers and places them around the table with a quickness that comes from being a professional caterer.

"New lipstick?"

She smiles. "Yup."

"Are you going to tell me what's going on, or do I have to drag it out of you one syllable at a time?" The smell of the food is making my mouth water so much, my lips are making smacking sounds when I talk.

"I can't explain it," she says, her eyes darting around to check that we have utensils and napkins. "But I talked to the guy who owns Sweet Caroline's."

"Duncan?"

"Shush." She blushes and looks around nervously.

"Rory, we're in the dining room of a private residence. We're not in the high school cafeteria. Duncan's not going to hear us talking about him."

"It's nothing." She shakes her head, her dark curls twirling. "I'm buying some furniture. That's all."

"He might have a girlfriend. I saw him with a hot girl in a fancy car."

"That's his roommate."

I snort, and then snort again. "Girls like that don't live with platonic roommates. Do they?"

She loads up her plate with food, ignoring my question.

"Meenie, grab the food while it's hot. And tell me what's going on with you. You don't usually flake out and forget dates that involved food."

"Not much is new, except that guy Drew has fallen in love with his first impression of me and I'm going to have to cut him loose before he figures out who I am."

"You don't like him? It seemed like you did."

"Sure, I liked him. I liked him a couple of times. On the front lawn, and in my bed, but he's delusional. Plus he's using me."

Rory looks uncomfortable at the mention of sex, but doesn't run away. "How can you tell if a guy's using you?"

"It's pretty easy if he comes out and tells you. This morning, Drew basically told me his life was all bleak like a black and white movie, and then I came in and started rocking his world in technicolor, like a Manic Pixie Dream Girl." I spoon more blue cheese dressing onto my plate for the hot wings. "These wings are great, by the way. So, where was I? Right. Drew. So, he's all sad because he was with some ice queen for too long, maybe since high school, then he meets me and starts gobbling me down like I'm Prozac and Boner Pills all rolled up in one. But when the drug high wears off, where does that leave me?"

"Huh?" Rory looks confused, but she's never even had a boyfriend, so the idea of getting used as a thrill ride is a foreign concept to her. How can I put this in a metaphor she can understand? What kind of food am I?

"Rory, I'm like birthday cake. I'm the corner slice, with all the icing. Drew is the greedy kid at the party. He wants me, and all the icing, but he's going to get a stomach ache, and tomorrow he's going to want his plain sandwiches again."

She's quiet for a minute, as though mulling it over. Or maybe she's thinking about cake, like I am.

Finally, she says, "You're not cake."

"But I'm not Tina, am I? I'm not the marrying kind. I'll never get a guy like Luca. Nobody's going to sell out the flower shop just to take me on a date. I'm the girl they call to help them fix a flat tire."

"That's not true. Duncan said some nice things about you."

"Shut up!" I howl with laughter. "He did not. Either you're lying, or he is."

"I'm serious. He said you're very interesting."

"He's trying to get into your panties."

She winces at my mention of the word panties.

I apologize immediately. "I'm sorry I said that, Rory. You're a good friend, and you brought over food, and I'm going to work hard to be a better friend right back. I'm so sorry about all the mean stuff I said on Sunday."

"Nobody's perfect."

"I'm serious, Rory. I am truly, truly sorry. I'm trying to change."

She reaches across the table and pats my hand. "I love you exactly how you are. You and Tina are like the sisters I never had. I don't want you to ever change. I just want you to be happy."

I choke back emotion. "I love you, too, dude. Let's just be happy from now on."

"Okay."

I put on a smile and think about being happy, but it's too big and abstract, so I start thinking about baking a cake tomorrow.

After a few minutes of eating, I ask, "What else did you and Duncan talk about? Tell me everything."

"He likes electronic music."

"And?"

"Well, mostly we just talked about you, and furniture."

"I'm so glad my humiliation was a great ice-breaker for you two."

She gets a big grin that lights up the whole room. "Yeah, you give me so much material."

"Thanks," I say, because I am feeling weirdly proud of being so interesting.

My phone, which is sitting on the table, vibrates with an incoming call. It's Drew.

I'm still eating dinner, and I don't feel like breaking up with him tonight, so I send the call to voicemail.

Chapter 22

I'm at work on Thursday when I finally send Drew the official break-up text.

I know it's rude to break up with someone by text message, but it certainly does get the job done.

Here's my final message:

Drew, I'm super bummed I can't come to dinner on Saturday, because I'm just not looking for a relationship right now. You're a cool guy, plus you have the whole dentist thing happening, and you said you have a good credit record, so you probably make good life decisions. Now that you've had your crazy animal lawn sex (thanks for that, by the way!) you're ready to move on. I hereby pronounce you cured of your funk, and give you all my blessings to go forth into the dating world and conquer. I hope you find a NICE girl. And, before you ask, the answer is no. No, I don't want an invitation to your wedding. I don't want to be "friends." I hope this text message finds you well. It might seem like I forgot to say hi and ask how you are, and then lead up to more by saying something like "we need to talk," but this truly is my first text message to you. There aren't any lead-up messages that got lost in transmission. I think it's better to just rip the waxy hair removal strips straight off.

Peace out, dude.

Meenie (a.k.a. Megan)

After I send the message, I go and stand in the walk-in flower cooler for a few minutes. I feel like I'm burning up, like I have a fever.

The front door chimes. It's just Tina, not a customer, so I stay in the cooler.

She slides open the glass door. "Now what have you done?"

"I had sex with Mr. GQ, and then I broke up with him."

She steps in with me and slides the door shut. Our breath quickly fogs up the glass. "Are you going to be okay?"

I shrug. "I can't get any worse, really."

"You do know you are your own worst enemy, right? That you make things complicated for yourself?"

I stare into her brown eyes like I'm looking at a mirror that shows me the truth, especially when I don't want to see it.

"Tell me how to be uncomplicated," I say softly.

"It's very easy. Think about what Mom would do, and then don't do that."

I start to laugh. "Teenie!"

"Or better yet, think about what Aunt Jane would do, and definitely don't do that."

I keep laughing, feeling better. I might be complicated, but Aunt Jane is difficult, which is a whole 'nother level.

My phone buzzes. I swear and jerk my arms up, nearly knocking over a shelf of roses. I pull my phone out of my pocket and hand it to Tina. "That's Drew, I bet. Don't read me all the words. Just give me the general idea of his message and then delete it."

She rolls her eyes in that big-sisterly way that makes me feel annoyed, yet also deeply loved. "You're such a weirdo."

"Do it."

Her eyes widen as she looks at the text on the screen. Her jaw drops open.

I grimace. "That bad?"

She flicks her eyes up to mine briefly. "Actually I was reading the one you sent. Did you have Aunt Jane help you compose that masterpiece?"

"Shut up and tell me what he said."

She keeps reading, and her expression changes from horror to something else. She looks upset.

"This is the guy you met at your self-help group?" she asks.

"Yes. Don't act like Rory hasn't reported everything to you."

"Maybe I was wrong about this guy. He seems nice, Meenie. I think he genuinely likes you."

"Delete it. Delete the message."

Through the glass door of the cooler comes the sound of the door chime and a customer coming into the shop.

My heart skips a beat. If that's Drew, coming to declare his love for me, I'll throw myself into his arms and just enjoy our time together for as long as it lasts. I rub the foggy glass with my sleeve and peer through. It's not Drew. Why did I even imagine that it would be him? Now my heart sinks to even lower than where it started, before the glimmer of romantic hope.

"It's just Luca," I say to Tina.

"We're getting lunch at Delilah's, then I'll be right back." She hands the phone back to me. "You should read it."

I push the phone back to her. "Delete his message, or I'll smash the phone right in front of you."

Grumbling about how difficult I am, Tina deletes the message.

She puts her hand on the door handle, but pauses.

"He said that if you change your mind, you're still invited to his dinner. He sent his address in a second message, and I didn't delete that one."

"Fine." I nod for her to open the door. "Well? Don't keep Luca waiting."

She steps out ahead of me and greets Luca with a hug and a kiss. "I actually had a late breakfast," she says. "Why don't you take my sister for lunch?"

I object to this, but Luca is so perfectly sweet, insisting I go with him, and I can't say no. I apologize to Tina, telling her I feel bad for stealing her date, but she just shoves us out the front door and says to have fun.

Luca and I walk down the street together, toward Delilah's. When we reach the diner, he points up to the giant teapot high over the door. "That's made of Styrofoam," he says.

"So's your head," I say.

He busts out laughing. "So's your butt," he says.

We walk in and sit at a table. We place our order with the waitress, then I stare across the table at Luca, my chin on my right palm. "Luca, why aren't more guys like you? I get along so well with you. With other guys, it's always a disaster."

"I just ignore half the things you say." His blue eyes sparkle with mischief.

"Probably a good idea." I rearrange my silverware. "Are things as good with you and Tina as it seems?"

"I think so, but I'm not an expert on women, or relationships. You know I'm just taking things one day at a time."

"She was really hung up on Jonathan."

He looks saddened by the mention of Jonathan's name. He was Tina's boyfriend, and he died right after high school graduation. For almost a decade, Tina seemed like a princess under a spell in a fairy tale, preserved in a bubble, until her prince came along.

"We went to his gravestone," Luca says. "I wanted to go. I sort of said hello, and then I waited in the car while she had some time with him."

I swallow down what I'm feeling. Jonathan was my friend, too. Maybe even my best friend. Everyone was so worried about Tina, they didn't notice me grieving in her shadow.

I turn and look out the window of the diner. I survived, and I don't blame anyone for assuming I was fine at the time. It's my own fault for being so tough on the outside. I guess I'd rather be ignored than be vulnerable in front of people. At least you can keep your hurt to yourself, small and contained.

The waitress comes to our table with two milkshakes in tall glasses.

"I didn't order a shake," I tell her, but she's already rushing off to another table.

Luca pushes one tall shake toward me. "I ordered two, because the last time you wanted a sip of mine, I hardly got any."

I pluck off the maraschino cherry and pop it in my mouth. "You're a good guy, Luca Lowell. Unlike the others."

"What happened with that guy you liked? From your group?"

"What happened? Grass stains." I turn and stare out the window again. "I don't know. Who can say? It just didn't work out."

"I'm sure you'll meet someone better," he says, and he's so solid and steady-so Luca-like about the whole thing-that as we eat our lunch and talk about how things are going at his garage, I actually believe him.

Chapter 23

Thursday and Friday are marked by a heaviness in my chest that won't let up.

Why do I feel so terrible? I'm the one who ended things with Drew. He didn't dump me, because I beat him to it. Is this how the dumper always feels? Honestly, it's easier being the dumpee.

Every song on the radio is about sadness, and I feel like I have no right to that sadness, but here it is, all up inside me like an invasive weed.

I've thought about calling Drew. I even looked up his office address and drove by, but I couldn't stop the car. What would I even do, anyway? Go into his upscale dental practice, get on the reclining patient chair, and beg him to take me back? Ugh. I can smell the desperation, just from the mental image alone.

Nope. I need to get on with my life, and look for someone more like Luca. Someone gruff, with motor oil stains on his fingers. Someone who swears a lot, maybe.

Better yet, someone who doesn't speak English.

That would work.

Saturday afternoon, I'm working at Gardenia Flowers when I come across flowers that would be perfect for Drew's dinner party tonight. I would bring these if I was going. I'm not going, but he should have flowers for everyone to enjoy.

I pull out my phone and jot his address down on a delivery card. The arrangement comes together nicely, and I smile as I think about what a decent gesture this is-sending flowers to apologize for not attending. More people should be this thoughtful.

When our delivery guy shows up, he groans at the additional delivery, but he takes it anyway.

It's almost six o'clock already. I'd be rushing to close up the shop if I was actually going to Drew's place instead of just sending very nice, perfectly appropriate flowers.

I close up about ten minutes after, and I pull out my phone as soon as I get into the car. Drew's address is still on the screen.

My brain suggests I go there. Meenie, you've already got the car pointed in the right direction. You might even get there before the flowers. Think of how nice it would be to see Drew's handsome face smiling at you.

I shake my head to show my brain who's boss, and I delete the message permanently. Next, I delete Drew's phone number. There. Now I can't embarrass myself.

I drive home, feed Muffin, and have a beer. I don't need to cook, because the food Rory brought is still in the fridge. I warm up the food and enjoy my beverage.

"Pub night at home!" I declare to Muffin. "Beer and hot wings on Saturday night. This is our new thing."

He keeps grooming his ears, pouting that I won't give him any of my people food. I'd be happy to share with him, but things like onions and garlic powder are toxic to cats-something my old duvet cover found out the hard way.

Once I'm full of pub food, I let out a big burp and get into my warm blankets on the couch. Time for some quality TV viewing.

I'm at the Tuesday night self-help group, which is weird. I don't remember driving here.

OH MY GOD I'm not wearing any clothes. Everyone is staring at me. How did I get here with no clothes on, and not notice? This situation defies logic.

Feather takes off a stunning gray cape she's wearing, which reveals an equally stunning baby, suckling at her breast. She's ten feet tall. Working with only one free arm, Feather magically fashions the cloak into a dress. She graciously uses it to cover my nakedness.

With the new dress on, I look around the group. At least Drew isn't here, to my relief.

"Your hair has certainly grown out nice and long," says someone.

I look across the circle and find my mother sitting in a chair that's higher than all the other chairs. I think it's a throne. She's got two gorgeous men sitting on either side of her, and they're both grooming her like she's a movie star. One is buffing her nails and the other one is rubbing night cream on her face.

This is definitely my mother, and not an impostor, because that's her night cream that she smuggles in by registered mail. I've never asked why she can't legally buy it here in America, because I don't want to know.

As I'm staring at my mother's face, wondering how she got back into town without me noticing, a woman walks up behind her and starts talking to me.

It's her sister, Aunt Jane.

"Meenie, your mother's speaking to you," Aunt Jane says. "She said your hair is bleep gorp meep funf."

I lean forward. "What?"

Everyone laughs.

Feather switches her baby to the other breast, and someone hands her a second baby, which she cradles to the first breast. I want to tear my eyes away, but I can't stop staring at Feather's chest. "Meegoop lebby snorb," she says.

I turn and look at my mother to see if she can understand anything that's happen.

"Your father called today," my mother says. "He says to wish a belated birthday to Teenie, and an early one to you for next month."

I look down at my body and see that I have very small knees and legs. All of me is small. I'm turning twelve, I think.

"That man has no balls," my mother says, shaking her head.

"No balls," says Aunt Jane.

The two men sitting on either side of my mother turn to me and say, in unison, "I'm sorry your father has no balls."

I scream about them, "Shut up about my father!"

They stare at me with disgust.

I raise my tiny, weak arm slowly, pointing my finger at my mother. "You drove him away."

She leans over to get a cigarette from one handsome man, then has the other light it. My mother hasn't smoked in over a decade. I'll have to talk to her about this smoking thing. She takes a deep drag and lets it out as she says, "How would you know I drove him away? You were just a tiny baby."

"Aunt Jane told me."

My mother turns to look up at her sister. "Is that true?"

Aunt Jane takes a cigarette for herself and sucks it down to the filter in a single inhale. "She's your kid. How the hell should I know what goes on in her head? The other one's fine. This one came out funny. You had them too close together. I told you, you shouldn't have had this one, but you found out too late."

I'm so furious with Aunt Jane, I could throttle her, but my little twelve-year-old hands wouldn't even fit around her neck. I reach under my chair and find an entire birthday cake. I pick it up and throw it in her face.

She melts into a puddle and disappears.

My mother looks at the puddle and says, "I wish someone would have done that years ago."

"Why are you here?" I ask.

She gets another cigarette. "You tell me."

"I'm lost, Mom. I should have gone to Europe with you. My life here is no good. I need a foreigner."

"What about that nice boy you're dating? The dentist? I like him."

"Teenie made me break up with him."

"Meenie, don't lie to me. I can always tell."

"Fine. I broke up with him."

Thunder rumbles. We take a break from our conversation while a herd of elephants runs through the room on their way to an investment workshop.

"Mom, is it because of you and Aunt Jane that I'm always such a ball buster?"

"This is your dream, so you tell me."

Feather, still sitting in her regular spot in the circle, waves her hand. We turn to her, and she says, "It might be a form of overcompensating for your lack of feeling feminine, to attack a guy's masculinity."

My mother nods in agreement. "That's why she gets paid to listen to everyone's nonsense."

The other group members mumble their agreement with Feather.

"So, what am I supposed to do?" I ask Feather. "Wear more dresses and lipstick? Will that make me nice?"

Feather gets up from her chair, both babies still held to her bosom. She's about twenty feet tall now. "I'm going to let my assistant field this one."

I blink, and suddenly there's a new person sitting in Feather's chair.

It's me.

Me, but with a better wardrobe. I'm wearing really nice boots, and my hair falls in soft, perfect ringlets.

"Dresses won't help," says Better Me.

"Thanks for nothing. I guess I'll just stock up on rescue cats."

"Meenie, you don't get it, do you?" Better Me gets a very smug look on her face. Is that how I really look when I feel smug? I want to throttle myself.

Through gritted teeth, I start to ask the question. It's very difficult to say the words, but I need to know the truth.

At first, only a growl comes out. But I keep trying, and finally I say, "What's my problem?"

Better Me sits up straight, the smugness gone. She is open and vulnerable. She looks terrified. I want to hug her.

"You keep testing them," she says softly. "Many of them fail your test, and you're so used to them failing, that when one passes your test, you fail him anyway."

"Drew? He passed my test?"

"You pushed him away. You showed him how mean you could be, and he still invited you to dinner. He didn't close the door. You did."

I wake up.

It's nearly eight o'clock.

I reach for my phone. Drew's number's not on here. Or his address.

The numbers flash in my head. I can see myself writing down his address for the delivery. I know the street and the block. I'll just drive until I see his car.

I run out of the house, wearing the clothes I was sleeping in.

It's starting to rain.

I get in the car and drive to Drew's neighborhood.

My eyes are open, now that I'm willing to see.

I get to his block, and I see his car, but then I see it again. And again. There are three cars on this block that could be his, and I still can't remember the final digit of his address.

The cold autumn rain is coming down hard when I get out of the car and run to the first house.

Nobody answers the door.

I run to the second house.

The door is answered by a sweet elderly couple who invite me in for tea to warm up. I thank them, and run back out into the rain.

I'm breathless when I knock on the final door.

It opens... to a house full of people in dressy clothes, drinking wine and laughing. A serious-looking woman holds the door, staring curiously at my drenched clothes.

"You'll catch your death of cold," she says. "Come in, come in."

"Is this Drew Morgan's house?"

The woman calls over her shoulder. "Drew!"

I start backing away, but she grabs my arm and hauls me in. "You're Megan, aren't you? He'll fire me if I let you get away."

The door shuts behind me. I shiver. Now I'm trapped in an entryway with a woman who knows who I am.

"How do you know who I am?" I demand.

She chuckles. "You're the one who pulled her dental cap off with a pair of pliers. I'm Drew's office manager. I know everything."

"Everything?"

She gives me a serious look. "He's a good guy. You'd better not break his heart again, or you'll have to deal with me."

Drew appears. "Patty!"

She ducks her head, looking innocent, and runs over to join the party happening in the living room. Drew and I are visible to about half the room, but people are politely pretending they can't see us.

Drew takes my hand. "You're freezing." His brown eyes are full of so much sadness, I feel like running around in the cold rain with no jacket on was something I willfully did to hurt his feelings. As compared to, say, breaking up with him by text message.

"It's raining out."

"The flowers you sent are nice." He grabs my other hand and warms them both between his palms. "I'm glad you're here. I'd much rather have you than flowers."

"Drew, I need to tell you something. I might have a problem or two. I think it comes from family stuff, surprise surprise, right? Those clothes I gave you, they were from my father."

He turns to the side, so his body shields us from the people at his party. "I figured as much."

"He left when I was too small to even remember him. To me, he was just this guy who sent us money for stuff. He wasn't a deadbeat or anything, he just moved across the country and settled in with his new family, so he didn't have time for us."

"That's awful."

"I was never mad about it, though. I grew up with lots of aunts and uncles and plenty of love. I think I had a decent childhood, but..." I lick my lips and glance over Drew's shoulder. "Is this some sort of wine tasting party?"

"It's a book club. Would you like some wine?"

I wipe some of the rain from my face. "If you have a bottle open already."

He nods for me to follow him, and we skirt along the edge of the living room, into a kitchen, where he grabs an open bottle of white wine, and two glasses. He keeps walking, leading me up a set of stairs and into a bedroom.

It's a nice bedroom-huge, with a couch and a fireplace. He flicks on the gas fire and pulls me over to sit on the hearth with him.

The fire starts to warm me immediately, and the wine in my hand is a natural complement.

He reaches up to sweep damp strands of hair off my face. "You were saying? You had a decent childhood, but...?"

"I think that either my mother or my aunt gave me a bad attitude about guys. Or maybe it's wrong to blame them. Maybe it was just society, or movies. I grew up watching all my mother's favorite Patrick Swayze movies, and it's hard for guys to live up to him."

"A movie star made you send me that text message?"

I take a sip of the wine, warming up inside and out.

"No, that was all me. I take full responsibility for that." I gaze up into his eyes. The look on his face is so hopeful and forgiving, it makes the sides of my neck ache. "I thought I was secure, because I can kick anyone's ass, and I don't usually care what people think of me. I thought that was being secure as a girl. But then, when it came to you, I was insecure. I think I pushed you away to test you."

"That's normal. There's nothing wrong with you that isn't wrong with every human being who's worth being in a relationship with. I don't know if I'd want to be with someone overconfident, who didn't push me away a little." He leans in close, until his lips are nearly touching mine, but stops short of kissing me. "Just don't push me too hard, because I have feelings, too."

The ache spreads up from my neck, into my eyes, stinging my nose.

I pull my head back, bumping the back of it lightly on the mantle of the fireplace. "Drew, I don't want to push you away anymore. If this thing fails, I want to say I tried my best."

"That's all any of us can say." He leans in and kisses me. Really kisses me. My head bumps against the mantle again, trapping me against his lips. My whole body softens, melting against him.

This is something.

His lips feel so right against mine.

His soul feels right, too.

My head is swirling, but I'm not dizzy. I'm perfectly clear.

Drew and I might be together forever, or we might come apart at the seams in another week. But if this thing fails, it won't be entirely my fault.

I will try my best. I will stop testing him, and start testing myself. Can I let myself be vulnerable? How far can I go?

I want to try, and if I sometimes fail, I want to try again.

The fire is warm at my back, and Drew's kisses take away my shivers.

We kiss for at least ten minutes, maybe longer, both of us still holding our wineglasses.

Neither of us spills a drop.

Chapter 24

Thanks to the fireplace, plus the heat coming off Drew, my clothes are dry by the time we finally take a break from kissing.

Music and laughter drift up the stairs from the party.

I glance over to the bedroom door, which is still open a crack. "Quite the event you have going on down there."

"It was just going to be a small dinner, but Patty wanted to cheer me up, so she invited our whole book club."

He picks up the wine bottle from the floor and offers me some more.

"Just a splash," I say demurely. "I don't drink very much."

Drew raises his eyebrows.

"Fine, I'm a lush," I admit. "Not the kind who drinks all the time, but the kind who thinks every drink tastes like another. I don't have to start, but once I start, I'm not putting the cork back in."

"Two people can share one bottle of wine. That's reasonable."

"I like the way you think."

He refills his glass and looks at the door like he wishes all those people downstairs would leave.

After a few sips, I say, "We should probably go down there and be sociable."

"My brother's co-hosting. That's who my roommate is. He bought this house with his fiancee, and when they split up before the wedding, I moved in to help cover the bills."

I look around the room. "This is really nice. Vaulted ceilings. And is that a skylight?"

"I like to stare up at the stars when I go to bed. There's a retractable shade that's on a programmable switch, so it doesn't get bright too early in the summer. I can actually control the shade from my phone. It's pretty cool."

I chuckle at his nerdiness over a programmable window shade. He's so cute, and I never noticed the nerdiness until now. Layers. Drew's got layers. I'm looking forward to unpeeling them.

Looking around the room again, I realize something's off. "Drew, if your brother bought this house, why did he let you have the master bedroom?"

Drew looks sheepish. "He's... kind of a musician."

"Ah. So it's your house, and you let him live here."

"Do me a favor and don't ever say that in front of him. He does have his pride. He's a really good musician. I think he's going to make it someday."

"If he looks like you, sure."

Grinning, Drew gets to his feet and helps me up. "Let's go down. I want to show you off."

I look down at my plain shirt and sweatpants. "Aren't you embarrassed to be seen with me, looking like this?"

"You look perfect."

"But this shirt is too sheer. You can see my bra right through it."

"Isn't that in style for women?"

"No."

With a sigh, he leads me over to his closet and hands me a black, V-neck T-shirt, and a pair of his dark jeans. "These might fit."

I whip off my damp clothes and stand before him in my underwear. He looks me up and down, then swallows audibly.

"You'd better get those clothes on fast, or I'm going to be a very rude party host."

Giggling, I get dressed quickly.

"Damn. You look better in those clothes than me."

He kisses me again, but before things get too hot, I take his hand and lead him back downstairs.

Drew's office manager, Patty, as well as the other people gathered around the living room, go quiet when we walk into the room.

"Everyone, this is my girlfriend, Megan," he says.

"Hi." I wave at the room. "I'm Megan, but everyone calls me..."

I turn and raise my eyebrows at Drew. He smiles and nods, as if to say that I can call myself whatever I want.

"But everyone calls me Megan," I say. "I used to have an embarrassing nickname, but I'm letting that part of me go."

A guy with a guitar on his lap says, "Megs? Did they call you Megs? Or Maggie?"

The guy has dark hair and brown eyes, plus a dash of Drew's good looks. He's definitely the brother. I can tell by the glint in his eye that he's curious about my nickname. He should be able to tell by the glint in my eye that I'm not telling. Not yet, anyway.

"Megs or Maggie, sure. Something like that," I say.

Patty brings some additional chairs in from the nearby dining room, and Drew and I join the party.

Drew's brother starts strumming his guitar and singing the Rod Stewart song, Maggie May. He's got a good voice.

Over the sound of him strumming and singing, I call out, "I haven't heard that one!"

Everyone laughs

I look around the room, at all the friendly faces. Drew has more friends in real life than I have on Facebook. For a moment, that nasty insecure feeling takes hold-the bad feeling that says I might not be good enough for Drew.

Drew leans over and murmurs in my ear, "I'm glad you're here. I barely know half these people."

I let out a laugh of relief.

He pats my knee, and then he starts singing along with his brother on the chorus. He's got a nice voice. He's not as practiced as his brother, but when he turns to me and sings the chorus while gazing into my eyes, my heart flutters in the most deliciously girly, butterfly-like flutters I've ever felt.

Chapter 25

It's been six weeks since I showed up at Drew's party, looking like a drowned rat.

We had our first big fight two weeks ago, over the dumbest thing. My regular dental cleaning appointment came up, and I went to see my normal dentist, a nice lady who makes me laugh while she's checking my teeth.

Apparently, this sort of thing is considered cheating, according to Drew. He didn't care that it was with a woman, not a man. I responded by making fun of him for being so sensitive. He got distant. And then I realized what was happening, and I apologized.

I literally got down on my hands and knees and crawled toward him, apologizing. His eyes twinkled, and he took me over his knee and playfully spanked me.

Pretty soon, all was forgiven.

I plan to see her again in six months, then beg Drew for forgiveness again. I'm really looking forward to it.

Drew walks up behind me and grabs me in a hug. "This was a good idea, babe." He rubs his cat whiskers against my cheek.

I bark at him, because I'm dressed like a dog, and that's what a dog would do.

We're at his house, throwing a Halloween costume party for everyone from my self-help group. It's back to being my group again, because Drew stopped coming once we started dating. He says he doesn't need the group, since he has me. He can be so corny sometimes.

I'm the one with the bigger issues, so I'll keep going on Tuesday nights. I had a big breakthrough last week and asked everyone to start calling me Megan. I felt like a dunderhead asking people to change their habits on account of me, but they all took it in stride.

Feather says I'm doing well, and she said I can fill in for her when she has the twins. That's right, twins. It turns out my crazy dream was a bit of a prophecy.

She's here at the party, looking radiant and lovely in her creamy white pantsuit. She says she's dressed as Humpty Dumpty, but she looks like that supermodel, Heidi Klum.

Abbie won the prize for best costume, because she came dressed as a dominatrix. I now see the white-haired granny in a whole new light. Good for her.

Drew rubs his cat whiskers on my cheek again. "Meow."

"Let's start clearing the dishes so people take a hint and leave."

He hugs me tighter, swaying us both to the music. Drew's brother's entire band is here, doing an unplugged version of their songs in the living room.

"Meow," he says. "Nobody will notice if the two of us disappear upstairs for a bit."

"Don't you have that book you wanted to lend me?"

"What book? Oh. Right. Yes, come with me."

We cut through the living room, muttering about getting more chips and salsa, then we race up the stairs to the master bedroom.

I shut the door behind me and lock it.

Drew jumps on the bed and slinks around like a tomcat on the prowl.

I look down at my furry dog suit. "Honey, you do realize we're turning into freaks, right?"

"What do you mean?" He pretends to lick his paw.

"First of all, there was the spanking. And then we went a little further. We've had a few turns playing dentist, and you are one very kinky boy."

"Excuse me? You're the one who started it, showing up at my practice in a trench coat. You know, I had to special order a new headrest for that chair you nearly destroyed."

"That I nearly destroyed? Excuse me, Mr. Open Wider."

He laughs. "We are so wrong." He grabs his cat costume's tail and flicks it. "Come here and chase me around the bed."

I put my hands on my hips. "And now this is happening."

"What?"

"The costumes. Are we Furries now?"

"Megan, I want you because you're you, not because you're dressed like a poodle."

"Excuse me? I'm a purebred terrier."

Drew looks down at the front of his costume. "We can't be Furries. These suits unzip at the back only."

I gasp. "How do you even know about that?"

"You look scandalized. Listen, just because I looked up what yiffing was on Wikipedia, during one of my dateless Saturday nights, that doesn't mean I want to engage in it." He pats the bed next to him. "Why don't you come over here and snuggle with me. That's the only way to see how we like it."

I crouch down and jump on the bed in a single leap. We play-wrestle for a minute, and start kissing. After a minute, I pull away.

"Too hot?" Drew asks.

"Yeah. Plus the zipper's at the back, and I want to..." I lean in and whisper dirty words in Drew's ear.

He unzips me and has me out of the terrier costume in five seconds, plus another two seconds for his.

"There's my human girl," he murmurs, admiring me in my underwear. "There's the girl I love."

He rolls and pulls me on top of him.

I kiss the tip of his nose. "I love you, too."

He puckers his lips until I kiss him on the mouth. He groans as he kisses me, then says, "I really mean it. I love you, Maggie May."

"You're really calling me that, aren't you?"

He kisses me again. "Okay, enough mushy stuff. I know you hate the mushy stuff. Get on your hands and knees."

I roll off to the side and remove my underwear, but I don't get on my hands and knees.

"What's going on?" Drew removes his cat whiskers and rubs away the adhesive, becoming fully human. "Are you tired, babe?"

"I want something really kinky. I want the mushy stuff."

He slips his undershirt and boxer shorts off and grabs a condom. "Are you serious?"

"Let's start off mushy, and see where it goes."

"I'm going to make sweet love to you." He grins. "I'm going to gaze into your eyes and lose myself in your beauty."

I cover my face with both hands. "This is so messed up."

"If you'll let me, I think I know how to make you comfortable."

I keep my hands on my face. I hear him moving around, getting off the bed and turning off the lights. He flicks the gas fireplace on.

"This is more relaxing already," I say, taking my hands away from my face so I can gaze up at the skylight, at the stars and moon.

He starts kissing my knees, and then my thighs. My pulse starts to race. He wants to do that thing I won't let him-or anyone-do. He kisses my stomach and my hipbones, circling in.

I relax my legs and let them push apart. I can do this. I can be vulnerable with Drew, because he's not just anyone. He's the guy I'm in love with, and I trust him.

He circles around, and then he's between my legs with his mouth. It feels weird, for about a second. I tip my head back as my eyes roll up. Wow.

I have been missing out.

He's unsure of himself, asking for a bit of guidance, and I'm happy to give it.

By the time he kisses his way back up my body and we move on to the next part, I'm like soft clay in his hands. He can do anything to me, and I'll just be open and vulnerable, giving myself to him.

Tomorrow, I'll probably get out those Velcro handcuffs I ordered online, and tie him to the headboard, but for tonight, I'm happy to lie under him and be made love to. Thoroughly and sweetly.

I gaze up into his eyes and whisper loving things.

He looks down at me like I'm an angel.

And for tonight, I suppose I am his angel.

I can take a break sometimes and let myself be uncomplicated.

THE END

