Prologue

I know you think the story has been told. That the demons have been slayed and the battle had been won.

That would be a lie. Every day was a fight. And every day served as a reminder of how I had almost lost everything.

Even after I had made the right choices, I was still crippled by second-guessing.

But I've told that tale. The beleaguered boy that fought for the love of the only girl who could save him.

No, this story is something else entirely. It's a story of self-realization. Of understanding.

Of how one winter's night I was finally able to see that all of my insecurities, all of my doubts had no place in my heart.

A story about how I embraced the fact that even though emotions hurt, and that loving someone can be so painful it incapacitates you; it's so much better than the cold. The ice in my soul that freezes everything.

But there is warmth in ice. A flame that became an inferno.

Because Maggie is my fire. The passionate heat that consumes everything in its path, incinerating me in a perfect, unyielding death.

And during the heat of a Florida Christmas, I was reminded of why I needed fire to survive. To exist. To breathe.

This is that story.

The one that matters.

The one with the happy ending.

1

"It's...nice," Ruby said, parking her car on the street across from a two-story brick building. I looked over at my aunt as she chewed on her bottom lip. I knew she was trying to be positive. This was her first time seeing the place where I would be living now that I had been discharged from the Grayson Center.

I had been by several times in the last few weeks to check out my new apartment. It was in a building block reserved for transitioning patients out of mental health treatment. Five other people with varying degrees of mental illness shared the building. It was a far cry from the over the top opulence of my parents' home or the comfortable shabbiness of Ruby's house in Virginia. But I wasn't there to put down roots.

I was there to start over.

Because I was the king of motherfucking second chances.

Ruby pulled a duffle bag off the back seat of my BMW, the car she refused to sell after being sent to a treatment facility in Florida last year. She had stubbornly kept it, even after I had insisted she get rid it.

After she sold her house and shop in Virginia and moved to Key West, she brought the damn thing with her. And now here it was, back where she said it belonged. At one time that car had represented everything I hated about my life. It was a symbol of the million and one ways my crappy parents had tried to buy me off and shut me up.

But now it was just a set of wheels. Metaphors and symbolism be damned.

"You know you could always move in with me. Key West is great. I've just opened my new shop and I could really use the help," Ruby suggested. I slid her a sideways look.

"I'll be fine, Ruby. Stop worrying so much. This is temporary, not forever." I slung my arm around my tiny aunt's entirely too frail shoulders. Lisa's death had destroyed a huge part of what made Ruby, Ruby. I knew with absolute certainty that loving and losing wreaked havoc on the heart and the soul.

I had been there done that. I had gotten the stupid "I f**ked up" T-shirt. I was going to make it my mission in life to never lose the other half of me again.

But Ruby...she was trying.

Not long after I had checked back into the Grayson Center at the end of last school year, she had sold the house in Davidson, Virginia, loaded the back of her car up with only the bare essentials and headed south to Key West, Florida.

Losing the one place that had always been my home was hard. I could admit that I lost it for a while over the thought of being displaced. But I was a man set on reframing and focusing on the positive shit.

Because drowning in the negative wasn't an option anymore. The dark didn't hold the sway that it once did. Not now that I had a future that meant something.

Ruby handed me my bag, grabbed the Target bags off the backseat and followed me to the flight of steps off to the side of the brick building. I had nothing to my name but a duffle bag of clothes, my laptop computer, and my car. I had to start my new life with cheap towels and scratchy sheets. But it was my life and that made the fact that I didn't have a clue as to what the hell my next steps were a bit easier to swallow.

We were met at the door by an older Hispanic woman with greying hair pulled back in a tight ponytail. Her lined face was serious and no nonsense as she regarded me.

"Clayton Reed?" she asked in a rough voice. She was scary. It didn't make me a pu**y to admit that a woman intimidated me. Christ, she looked as though she'd gnaw off my testicles and have them for dinner.

I fought the urge to cross my legs protectively. Ms. Bulldog raised an eyebrow when I had yet to answer her. "Uh, yeah, that's me," I said, trying not to stammer like a five year old.

Scary lady held her hand out for me to shake and her hard and unyielding face split into a surprisingly easy smile. It made me feel off balance. "I'm Roberta Silva, your case manager. I wanted to stop by and introduce myself." She took several of the plastic bags from Ruby after handing me a set of keys.

"You'll have your own room but the rest of the house will be common use. You have three roommates and there are two staff persons who will be here to provide support and assistance in all areas of independent living. They are here to alleviate any stress this transition might cause," Roberta said as she followed me into my new home.

I didn't miss the underlying meaning. The less stress, the less likely I'd go off the rails and flip the f**k out.

I felt my jaw stiffen at the implied judgment. I hated any reminder of how much I had messed up in my life. Now, how at nineteen years old, I was a guy who should be going to college, partying, loving my girlfriend without a care in the world. Instead here I was just outside of Orlando in a crappy neighborhood, moving into a group home for people with a severe mental health diagnosis who had just been released from in-patient treatment.

My entire world had to be focused on being better. But those pesky feelings of resentment and bitterness acted like the chick you dumped that just wouldn't go away. You keep telling her she doesn't have a place in your life anymore but she tries to convince you that you belong together.

"It's cute, Clay," Ruby said excitedly, dropping the rest of the bags onto the counter. I looked around, having not bothered to notice anything about the place that would be my home.

Roberta dropped her purse on the coffee table in the common living room. It was a large space with an open floor plan. The living room bled into the kitchen and there were huge windows that let in light in every direction. Who ever had been tasked with decorating had taken their job seriously.

I was surprised at how nice it was. There was a sectional sofa as well as a recliner in front of an entertainment center complete with flat screen television and I could see an Xbox on the floor. Nice to see how taxpayers' money was being spent, I supposed.

A young guy came in from a door off the kitchen carrying two bags of groceries. Another guy who looked about my age followed him.

"Just put those over there, Oscar," the first man instructed, pointing to the counter.

"Jason, Oscar, come over here please," Roberta said in a way that said don't give me a reason to slap you. I wasn't sure who was who but both guys looked up. Though only one smiled in greeting. The other one looked at the ground almost immediately after making eye contact. Something told me that was a roommate.

The less socially awkward guy came over and held out his hand to me. "Hi, I'm Jason Frank. I'm a behavioral aide here at Rose Heights." I shook his hand before he turned to shake Ruby's hand.

"This is Oscar Martin. He's a resident as well. Come on over here, Oscar," Jason urged kindly as though talking to a Kindergartner.

Oscar shuffled forward but finally looked up and gave Ruby and me a timid smile. "Hi, I'm Oscar," he said, stating the obvious. I blinked in surprise. His voice was totally at odds with his appearance. He sounded like a gruff, scary biker dude when in reality he looked more like Dwight from The Office.

"There are four of you living here. Ryan and Kyle are at school but you'll get to meet them later tonight for the house meeting. Greg is the other behavioral aide that you'll see around. His shift is tonight," Jason informed me. I nodded, trying not to look as f**king overwhelmed as I currently felt.

Roberta made a clucking noise before interrupting. "Okay, well thank you Jason. I'll show Clay and his aunt around now," she said curtly. Jason didn't seem perturbed by her brusqueness.

"Happy to have you here," Jason said before returning to the kitchen with Oscar to unload the groceries.

"Let me show you the rest of the house," Roberta said, heading toward the stairs. I glanced at Ruby, who was chewing on her lip again. We followed our less than enthusiastic tour guide as she showed me my room.

I was at least happy with the size of it. The bedroom was more like two rooms combined. There was a space with a bed and a dresser and then a side room with a sofa and desk. There was a door off to the side that led to a bathroom I would apparently be sharing with another of my roommates.

While Ruby and I were looking around, my other roommates showed up. I heard Jason call out a greeting but there was no response. Roberta, Ruby, and I were leaving my new bedroom when we passed by two guys, again about my age, with their heads down and heading toward the only other door on this floor.

"Ryan, Kyle, come over here and meet Clay," Roberta called out. Ryan and Kyle didn't look up, nor did they come over as they were requested. Almost simultaneously they lifted their hands in greeting and then went inside the room at the end of the hallway, closing the door behind them.

Roberta made a frustrated grunt but didn't comment on my less than sociable housemates.

Ruby gave me a worried look and I knew she was debating whether she could bundle me up and put me back in the car so she could take me to Key West with her.

I gave my aunt a one armed hug, trying to reassure her. Though if I were honest, I needed reassuring as much as she did. This was not what I would call an ideal living situation. And I would be expected to endure it for a long ass time.

We started to head back downstairs and I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket. And just like that the heavy weight in my chest lessened just a bit, because there was only one person who could be calling me. It's not as though I had a lot of friends; at least not those out mingling with the general population.

Only one person would call me just when I needed her most.

Maggie Young.

The beginning and ending of my entire f**king world.

Before I could pull my phone out to see her name dance across the screen, Roberta handed me a sheet of paper. I looked down, seeing a crap load of words.

"These are the group home rules and guidelines. The staff here at Rose Heights works closely with the Grayson Center to ensure you achieve a successful acclimation. Coming out of treatment is tough. We're here to support you as you move from one environment to the next. I've spoken at length with Dr. Todd Trimble about your outpatient plan," Roberta explained and I nodded.

Dr. Todd had been exhaustive in going over my continued treatment plan. After six months at Grayson I had been released into outpatient care within the setting of an independent living facility. I was deemed "high-functioning" enough to warrant some slack on the reins. I was no longer a threat to myself, so the staff at Grayson thought living on my own would be beneficial for my progress.

So why, do you ask, did I not get into my car and head straight back to Virginia? Back to the girl I had promised my future to.

Because I had come a long way from being the selfish, self-centered prick who would launch himself back into Maggie Young's life before I was 100% ready. I had done the second chance with Maggie and it hadn't ended the way we both had hoped. And I wasn't going to screw this up again.

My shit would be sorted before I took up residence in her world again.

So I was staying in Florida. I would follow my treatment plan. I would stay straight on that damn path until the only way to go would be back to Maggie.

I'd get there. I had to. Failure was not an option.

Roberta was still talking, going through the list of rules like I had lost the ability to read while I was as the center. She was being purposefully slow as though I didn't understand what she meant by no loud music and parking only in my assigned space.

"Staff reserves the right to unannounced searches of the property if it is suspected you are using drugs," Roberta stated firmly, pressing her mouth into a hard line. I tensed again at another one of her implied assumptions.

Though I guess I hadn't earned the right to be exempt from them. There was a reason I had been institutionalized three times since the age of sixteen.

"I understand," I said, tapping the paper against my palm, feeling more than a little agitated. I had stupidly expected today to be low key. That maybe Ruby would help me unpack. I'd order a pizza, maybe read a book. I'd call Maggie and remember why I was doing all of this to begin with.

Apparently Rose Heights was more hardcore than the brochure had led me to believe. I had yet to see the smiling residents sipping their coffee or a friendly game of badminton on the lawn that graced the advertisements. Reality wasn't the pretty pictures on glossy pages. This reality was wariness and distrust until you earned otherwise.

"I've penciled you in for ten on Monday morning for your first case management meeting. My office is across the street. I'll see you then," Roberta said, handing me a thick folder of information and flashing me that genuine smile of hers that was so at odds with her scare-me-shitless demeanor.

Roberta called out a goodbye to Ruby, who had gone into the kitchen and was chatting with Jason. Oscar was parked in front of the TV and hadn't acknowledged me since I had come back into the room.

I can tick off becoming BFFs with my new roommates on my list of delusional expectations.

After my case manager left, I had the urge to chuck all my good intentions for a better future in the trash and get the hell out of there. Because this was going to be hard. This was going to hurt. And I was terrified that I wasn't able to handle everything that my real life wanted to throw at me.

Ruby came in carrying a cup of something and put into my slack hand. "Drink. It'll help you settle," she insisted. I gave the cup a sniff and tried not to cringe.

"It won't kill you, Clay. It's just a little catnip tea to help with your nerves. I drink two cups every day. I sweetened it for you," she said as though a boatload of sugar would help.

I sipped and gagged, making a face. "I'll drink it later," I promised, trying not to hurt her feelings.

Ruby gave me a stern look but didn't comment. "Let's get the rest of the things out of the car and get you unpacked. You're looking tired," she commented, pushing me gently toward the door.

When Ruby had picked me up from the Grayson Center that morning I had been hesitantly optimistic. Dr. Todd and I had met and we both felt confident in my progress. But as with every time I checked out of residential treatment, those warm fuzzies slowly faded into teeth gnashing self-doubt. I tiptoed on the edge of a full blown freak out.

What if I had gotten so used to being locked up that I didn't know what to do once I was given the key to get out? I was expecting to build a life out of the ashes of the old one but I didn't even know where to begin.

Feeling my phone vibrate in my pocket again, I knew that I could do this.

Because it wasn't just for me.

"Hey you," I said, answering the phone, going out onto the porch for some privacy. I didn't need Jason or Oscar the Grouch listening in on my phone call.

"Hey back. I've been sitting here on pins and needles wondering how you were getting on," Maggie said. Just the sound of her voice was all I needed. I let her words wrap around my heart and warm me from the inside out. The self-doubt, the inner loathing, it all melted away just knowing that this beautiful, amazing girl was waiting for me on the other side of all this.

I walked down the stairs, the phone pressed to my ear. "It's fine. Ruby's here, we're just bringing in my stuff now. I met my new case manager. Her name's Roberta." I dropped my voice down into a teasing whisper. "She scares me, Mags. I think she might use my testicles for target practice if I'm not careful."

Maggie's warm laugh made my heart beat faster and for the millionth time I wished she were here. I would give anything to smell her hair and feel her fitted against me, filling the space meant only for her.

I felt like the worst kind of masochist for denying myself the one thing I needed most. All it took was Maggie and everything was perfect.

But I guess that was the point of all this. Because I needed to find a way for my life to make sense with or without the girl I loved. My world would always revolve around Maggie May Young but I desperately needed to become the guy who wouldn't fall apart without her.

She had been my fix for so long and it wasn't fair to put the entire fate of my mental health squarely on her shoulders. Existing like that was unhealthy and toxic. And she deserved so much more than that. So much more than what I had always given her.

"Well, you had better toe the line then. I think I like the sounds of this Roberta. She's my kind of woman," Maggie giggled and the last threads of unease slipped away.

Because she and I were in this together.

"How about the roommates? What are they like?" she asked and I could hear her banging things around over the phone.

"Great if you like the whole looks like a serial killer and refuses to make eye contact thing," I said dryly.

"Just give 'em a chance. You'll be watching The Jersey Shore and braiding each others' hair in no time," Maggie joked and I snorted and decided to change the subject. We spent way too much time focusing on my stuff.

"When are you leaving?" I asked her, trying not to feel selfishly unhappy with the thought of my girlfriend heading off to college without me. Maggie had kept me involved with every detail as she prepared to leave for James Madison University.

It was our pact to each other. That no matter what, no matter how far apart we were, we'd share everything. There wasn't a single piece of our lives that was off limits. This total inclusion was necessary for our relationship, which was still growing out of a shaky foundation.

We talked about the small stuff like her matching comforter and pillows (which she was really excited about, even if I didn't understand what was so awesome about pink and brown circles on a blanket) and the new laptop her parents got her. This opened up our world to Skyping. Which was both incredible and gut wrenchingly painful. Because seeing her face made my days that much better. But not being able to touch her was the closest thing to torture I had ever experienced.

We'd also talk about the big stuff like how scared she was to leave home and live on her own. How she worried that she'd hate her new roommate. And the fact that this would be the first time in her entire life she wouldn't see Rachel and Daniel every single day.

And we'd talked endlessly about the future. What it would look like and how we'd make it all work just so we could be together.

There were voices in the background as Maggie answered me. "Tomorrow morning. Mom's a mess; Dad has inventoried my school supplies at least a dozen times. They're driving me sort of crazy. I really wish you were here," she said softly.

My throat tightened and I had to close my eyes so I wouldn't f**king cry. "I wish I was there too, baby. So much," I half whispered, half sobbed into the phone. Maggie made a whimpering noise and I knew she was feeling this desperate separation as much as I was.

"We'll get through this won't we? I mean, this will all work out in the end and these miles between us will one day be a bad dream. Promise me," she pleaded and I took a deep breath in through my nose.

"I promise, Maggie. We'll get through this. You need to go to school and kick ass. I'll do what I have to do down here. I'm going to follow this plan step by step and we'll be together before you know it," I told her, feeling the truth even as that tangly, dark place inside of me wanted to hijack it with uncertainty.

Because for now she was my entire reason and until I could find one for myself that was enough.

"Danny and Rachel are here. We're going out to dinner and then to see a movie. They leave in the morning too," Maggie told me and I recognized the sound of her friends.

"Tell them I said hey and good luck," I said sincerely. I would always love Rachel and Daniel for the simple reason that they loved my girl.

"I will." Maggie paused before continuing, "I miss you. So much," she let out in a rush and I knew she felt guilty for exposing her vulnerability over the phone knowing there wasn't a thing either of us could do about it.

But I missed her just as much, if not more, and that wouldn't go away until we were together again.

"I miss you too. More than the moon misses the stars," I said, laying the cheese on extra thick. I could practically hear Maggie's smile over the phone.

"More than the waves miss the beach," she added, laughing.

"More than a hamburger misses ketchup," I chuckled.

"You are such a sap, Clayton Reed. All of this mush is making me want to vomit a little," she said making a gagging noise.

"You love it," I teased.

"No, I love you," Maggie breathed out quietly, three words just for me.

"I love you Maggie May Young. For forever."

2

How was I going to be expected to live in a room the size of my parents' closet? This had hyperventilation written all over it. How could to people co-exist in such confined living conditions without resorting to base level brutality in order to survive?

There was no way I was going to fit half of the stuff I brought with me from home in here! I was freaking out! I was so freaking the hell out!

My dad dropped a heavy hand onto my shoulder and looked around. Mom was still down in the car, needing the extra minute to compose herself before leaving her "baby" all alone at big bad college.

"This is cozy," Dad said, putting too much optimism into his voice to be anything other than fake.

"Cozy like a prison cell," I mumbled, dropping my suitcase onto the twin-sized bed. There were two twin beds separated by no more than five feet. There were two desks smooshed against opposing walls. Two closets were built into the wall and were wide open, no doors, though one was covered by a shower curtain (we'd get to this later). There was a small sink in the corner with a mirror over it and a door beside it that led to a fungus filled bathroom.

"Come on, Maggie May, it's not that bad. It's a freshman rite of passage. You are given the worst rooms on campus as a means of culling the herd. Consider this a young adult survival of the fittest," my dad enthused, setting a box on my desk.

My roommate had obviously already arrived. Hard not to notice the bright pink comforter and Justin Bieber posters on her side of the room. Christ, how was I going to breathe the same stale air as someone who listened to Justin Freaking Bieber?

I was about to be thrust into my very own version of college hell.

"Here's the rest of your stuff, sweetie," my mom said, her voice tight and muffled from her recent bout of crying. She looked around the room and her face registered the same horrified shock that I knew had crossed mine a few moments before.

"This is your room?" she asked aghast. My dad tsked her under his breath.

"Don't start, Laura. The room is fine. Maggie will be fine," my dad said tersely, surprising me with the harshness in his tone towards my mother. But I knew it had more to do with his feelings of empty nest syndrome than anything else. He was trying to make lemonade out of this big ol' pile of nasty ass lemons.

Mom rubbed her eyes and gave me a watery smile. "No, you're right, Marty. It's fine. Maggie will do great. Things will be...great!" she said with a forced enthusiasm it was obvious she didn't feel.

The problem with being an only child was that your parents clung a little too tightly every time you tried to fly. Even though they wanted what was best for you, they spent more time trying to keep your feet on the ground than pushing you to head for the sky.

I knew my parents wanted me to live my life. They wanted me to go to school and to do well and to make them proud and all that other Hallmark card stuff. But I think for the two people standing in front of me, trying to hide how desperately unhappy they were to lose their "little girl," the ideas looked better on paper than in real life.

"So where's the roommate?" my mom asked, sitting down on the end of my narrow bed. I glanced at the Justin Bieber posters again and tried not to shudder.

"Don't know. Haven't seen her yet." I had spoken to Ashley McCawl, aka the apparent Bieber-loving roomie, a few weeks ago. She had seemed nice on the phone if not a bit perky. But I shrugged that off as excitement and a case of the nerves. We had only talked for about twenty minutes. Exchanging banal information like where we lived and who would be bringing the fridge and who would bring the microwave.

I had never thought to ask about whether she had an obsession with eye burning color palates and really bad pop music. Shit, she had covered her closet with a Little Mermaid shower curtain.

Was I living with a five year old?

"She has some cute things," my mother mentioned, doing the nosy parent thing and totally looking at all of the little knickknacks that covered Ashley's desk. She picked up a bright pink snow globe with a pair of Mickey Mouse ears inside and shook it.

"Someone really loves cartoons," my dad commented, looking around. He was right, it looked like Walt Disney had thrown up in my dorm room. Aside from the overabundance of Bieber, there were the Cheshire cat throw pillows and the collection of porcelain Disney princesses on the shelf.

My Pixies and The Cure posters would definitely clash.

"You must be Maggie!" I heard from behind me, followed by a girlish squeal. I was blind tackled by a tiny girl with frizzy brown curls and a bright pink shirt with the word princess written in glitter.

I automatically put my arms up and around my overly excited roomie, patting her back mechanically because I didn't know what else to do with all of...this.

"Last time I checked," I answered drolly, taking in the cute as a button appearance of Ashley McCawl, my freshman year roommate with an apparent Disney fetish.

Her smile was wide and strangely infectious. I felt my lips stretch and surprised myself by smiling back. "I'm Ashley! I'm just so happy you're here! I haven't been able to sit still I've been so excited to meet you! And now you're here!" she said, her words running together in a hurried rush.

My mom and dad came over and shook her hand. They beamed at the so-happy-she-was-borderline-scary Ashley.

"We're Maggie's parents. I'm Laura and this is her father, Marty. We were just admiring all of your figurines," my mom said, relaxing marginally as though Ashley's meth addict on a sugar high personality instantly made her feel better about leaving me all alone in the terrifying world known as James Madison University.

Ashley bounced on her feet, her hair bobbing around her heart shaped face. Her green eyes sparkled in barely contained enthusiasm. This girl was like a shot of adrenaline after your heart stopped. It made you all sorts of twitchy.

But she was nice and maybe, just maybe, I could stomach having Dopey and Ariel watching me while I slept.

"I can help you unpack! I'm really great at organizing and color coordination! Oh I love your comforter! Is this a memory foam mattress cover? I'm so jealous!" Without waiting for my permission, Ashley ripped off the tape on the box closest to her and started taking everything out.

I could only stand there and blink at her stupidly. I didn't think I'd have an option of not liking my new roommate. She wouldn't allow me any time to think about whether she annoyed me or not. Hell, she already exhausted me and it had only been five minutes.

"I think that's our cue, Laura," my dad said, putting his hand under my mother's elbow. I braced myself for the waterworks. I could see Mom's eyes glassing over and I worried that if she started, I would start and then there would be the two of us, crying like idiots, while my crazy happy roommate alphabetized my paperbacks on the shelf.

But my mother was strong just when I needed her to be. She pulled me into her arms, holding me tightly but with the intent that she was letting me go.

"I love you, Maggie May," she said quietly and I could hear the effort it took for her not to cry. My dad's arms came around both of us and I hugged my parents, wishing irrationally that they'd bundle me up and take me home.

I was hit with the fact that this was it. My parents would leave and I would be left here on my own.

Well, not entirely on my own. I had Miss Perksalot to keep me company.

"I'll take care of her Mr. and Mrs. Young. We're going to be the best of friends. I can just tell," Ashley said, breaking my moment of self-pity. And I was grateful for the distraction from my sudden and overwhelming homesickness.

My mom gave me a final squeeze and then she and Dad released me. My dad sniffed and I grinned at him.

"Are you crying, Dad?" I teased and my father gave me a wry smile.

"No way, there's just a lot dust in here," he joked, kissing the side of my head.

"Bye sweetie, call us later, okay?" my mom asked me. I nodded as Dad took her by the hand and practically pulled her from my room. And when the door closed behind them, I wasn't quite sure how I was feeling.

Sad? Yeah. Excited? Maybe a little. Scared out of my freaking mind? You betcha.

"They seem really nice, Maggie!" Ashley chirped after they had left. I turned back to her and tried not to sigh. She already had her hands back in the box on my desk, pulling out the rest of the items.

I thought about telling her to get her hands off my stuff but telling her off would be like stomping on a puppy. There was no sense in imposing any personal boundaries where this chick was concerned. They'd be ignored the very next minute.

This girl was no Rachel, who instinctually understood every nuance of my moods. The sign of an easy friendship that came from a shared childhood and history.

But that didn't mean I couldn't appreciate what this girl was so freely offering. I picked up the pile of sketchbooks Ashley had unpacked and sat on my bed. I thumbed through the first few pages and smiled.

Clay had given them to me before he left for Florida four months ago. I had taken to looking at each and every picture before going to sleep at night. Staring at the small indentations from his pencil where he had bled his heart and soul onto the pages.

It was like having a small piece of the boy I loved with me.

These pictures were Clay's promise to me. That no matter what, we'd end up where we belonged. Together. For always.

"Oh my God, Maggie! Who is this?" Ashley cooed, holding up a framed photograph, her mouth slightly agape.

I took it from her hands and sat down on the bed, a goofy smile on my lips. Ashley sat down beside me, encroaching unapologetically into my personal space as she looked at the picture in my hands.

It was one of my favorites. Rachel had taken it after Clay had moved back to Davidson earlier in the year. We were sitting on the steps in front of the high school. Clay's arm was slung around my shoulders in a manner both protective and possessive. His face was slightly turned as he looked down into my upturned face. A smile unlike anything I had ever seen in my entire life lit him up from the inside out. He was beautiful, even in two dimensions.

I pressed a fingertip to the glass. "That's Clay," I answered her, my throat feeling uncomfortably tight.

"Is he your boyfriend? Because damn girl, he is gorgeous!" Ashley squealed. I couldn't help but smile with pride. Damn straight he was my boyfriend. He was the boy who loved me with absolute completion. He was the person who I would spend the rest of my life with.

But I didn't tell Ashley that. Instead, I simply nodded. "Yeah, he's my boyfriend." As if that title could ever truly define what he was to me.

Soul mate. Love of my life. My reason for breathing. Each of those seemed to make a lot more sense.

"Where is he going to school?" she asked, already moving on to the rest of the stuff in the box.

"Florida," I answered shortly, not even contemplating sharing with her what he was doing over a thousand miles away.

"Wow, that's really far away. Is he going to come up to visit? I sure hope so because long distance relationships rarely last," she quipped a little too enthusiastically for the less than happy turn of the conversation. Because she had unknowingly given voice to my deepest fear.

That despite everything, that even after we had fought so hard to be together, a few thousand miles would destroy it all.

I didn't know if Clay would come to see me. I wasn't sure he even could. He had promised to include me in every step of his treatment and so far he had done just that. I had no reason to doubt his intentions or his love but I was a teenage girl, damn it. And insecurity was as easy to slip on as the freshman fifteen.

"I'm not sure," I said vaguely, not wanting to talk about Clay visiting or whether our relationship would last with a girl I had only known for a few seconds.

Ashley mercifully changed the subject and I was able to forget the nagging questions for another time.

"Is that Justin Bieber on the wall behind you?" Clay asked, smirking. I looked over my shoulder and groaned.

"I had almost forgotten he was there. Thanks for reminding me," I grumbled, rolling my desk chair from side to side.

Clay laughed and my toes curled at the sound. Thank god for Skype, otherwise I would have gotten in my Corolla and headed for Florida by now. But seeing his face on the computer screen, while not nearly as good as having him here in the flesh, was pretty damn great.

"I'm living with a real life Disney princess, Clay. I have never been surrounded by so much pink in my entire life. It's like someone spilled Pepto-Bismal all over the place," I complained good-naturedly.

"It doesn't look so bad," Clay said and I rolled my eyes.

"That's because you're not here to see it in person. Trust me, you'd agree with me if you could get a load of the seven dwarf figurines for yourself," I chuckled. Clay smiled and I tried not to let the miles that separated us bring me down.

"I wish I was there, baby. But you seem to be doing just fine. Not that I ever doubted it," Clay said warmly and I touched the screen wishing I could feel the weight of his hair through my fingers.

"How's the house? It looks decent enough," I remarked. There was movement and the screen went lopsided as Clay stood up to give me a sweeping view of his new bedroom.

"You need some pictures on the wall. Maybe some pretty throw pillows. Girl the place up for me, babe," I teased. Clay snorted.

"I'll wait until you come for a visit and let you have free reign," he promised, though his words made my heart ache a bit. We had made ambiguous plans for me to fly down and see him over fall break, but I wasn't sure if that would be okay with my parents. And their approval was essential given they'd be paying for it.

But I didn't want to rain on his parade, so I only nodded and made noises of agreement.

After giving Clay the grand tour of my cubbyhole, our conversation inevitably turned more serious. It was already ten o'clock and I knew Ashley would be back soon. She had tried to convince me to go to some sorority rush meeting but I had politely declined. I had no interest in any of that.

"I miss you so much, Maggie," Clay said softly, leaning toward the screen. His face filled my vision and my heart hurt at the sadness in his eyes.

"I miss you too," I whispered even though I was alone. "Do you think...I know it's probably asking a lot, but that maybe you could come up here for a visit?" I asked him, already fearing the answer.

Clay closed his eyes and I could read the pain on his face clearly. This was the expression he wore when he had to disappoint me.

"I don't think that's an option for me right now. I want to...more than you know...but with just moving into Rose Heights and getting started with case management and meeting with my new therapist..." he trailed off and I knew he hated to deny me anything.

I felt selfish for even bringing it up. It wasn't fair to ask that of him when he was trying so hard to make things right for the both of us. But I couldn't help the twinge of resentful disappointment all the same.

"I know, Clay. I'm being silly. We'll see each other soon," I said, making a promise I didn't know either of us could keep.

Clay sighed deeply. "I love you, Maggie. More than anything," he told me, his words coming out as a plea.

"I love you," I replied just as earnestly.

Before we could say anything else, the door swung open. Ashley ran into the room, followed by two guys I didn't recognize.

"Maggie, you need to come with us! Josh and Brent live one floor down and they want to take us to a party off campus!" Ashley cried, pulling on my arm.

Clay's jaw tightened as the two unknown guys came into view. Ashley giggled when she realized who I was talking to.

"Is this Clay? Oh my god, Maggie, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt!" Ashley apologized, giving my boyfriend a pretty smile. Sometimes it was easy to forget the effect my boy had on the opposite sex. I tried to ignore the quick flash of jealousy that sparked deep in my gut. Because jealousy was a useless emotion and one that was completely unnecessary.

Especially since I picked up on his own feelings of jealousy as Clay eyed Josh and Brent. They stood awkwardly with sheepish smiles on their faces. They were cute. But they weren't Clayton Reed.

"I don't think so..."I began but Clay cut me off.

"You go on, Mags. I've got to get going anyway," he said, his voice clipped and annoyed.

Was he angry with me?

"I'd rather talk to you," I said, dropping my words into a whisper. Clay clenched his jaw and shook his head. Shit, I didn't like the look on his face...at all.

"Go have fun. We can talk tomorrow," Clay said, eyeing the guys again. Christ, if looks could kill.

I didn't want to end the conversation like this. And not with an audience. I turned to my roommate and gave her a pointed look.

Ashley, who perhaps wasn't as clueless as she let on, got to her feet. "We'll wait for you in the lobby! Bye Clay!" she wiggled her fingers at my boyfriend who had become cool and distant.

Josh and Brent gave me a quick smile before following Ashley out into the hallway. I looked at Clay, who was obviously trying to get himself under control.

"I can stay here. We can talk some more," I said quietly, placating.

Clay took a deep breath and his face relaxed and his teeth unclenched. He gave me an embarrassed grimace.

"Stop it, Maggie. You need to go and be a college student, not worrying about your f**ked up boyfriend," he said sadly.

I felt instantly defensive. "You stop it, Clay! Don't say shit like that! It's not fair," I ground out.

Clay lifted his hand and touched the screen, bowing his head down. "It's not. I'm sorry. Go. Please. Have fun for both of us. I'll be here tomorrow. And every day after that," he swore. And just like that my irritation fell away.

I pressed my own hand against my computer, willing myself to feel his skin. "I love you, Clay. Don't ever forget that," I said more harshly than I intended.

Clay looked up at me, his eyes boring straight into mine with a love that would never burn out.

"You have my heart, Maggie. Keep it safe."

3

I tapped my pencil against my thigh and looked out the window into the parking lot beside the Rose Heights office building. I was waiting for Roberta to come back with the paperwork from the local community college that I needed to fill out.

September had already come and gone and now I was walking into October with a plan of action. Roberta, for all of her scary drill sergeant ways, kicked serious ass as a case manager. I had never been so focused and on task in my entire life.

She had already helped me to navigate the government red tape in order to get my housing subsidized. Next on her list, she had me going to a community job fair where I sat down and interviewed for not one, not two, but three different jobs.

Funnily enough, the one I had decided on was as a part time library assistant. Mr. Young would be either proud or shocked.

We had discussed my long-term goals and I had mentioned wanting to become a counselor. Roberta hadn't seemed remotely surprised by this. She told me that a lot of counselors went into the field because of a personal connection. I guess if anyone could understand how to navigate through the crazy, it would be someone who had experienced it first hand.

She encouraged me to enroll at the local community college. "Just take a few classes, see what you think. No pressure. If you don't like it, no big deal," Roberta suggested. And I couldn't fault that irrefutable logic.

Over the last month, I had come to realize that there was no arguing with Roberta Silva. Her brusque personality, while at first had made me want to hide under my bed, now was almost reassuring. I knew she'd give it to me straight, no sugar coating.

I couldn't help but give myself an internal fist pump at the way I had transitioned into the group home. Sharing your space with three other people, particularly people who were dealing with their own level of bullshit and trauma wasn't ideal, bit it wasn't so bad either.

Ryan and Kyle continued to keep to themselves. I rarely saw them. I knew that Ryan worked at the grocery store down the road; stocking shelves and kept strange hours. Neil was going to school at the community college as well. He was getting a bunch of tech certifications and spent most of his time in his room in front of the computer. And when they were home, they were playing Call of Duty until all hours of the night.

The only person I interacted with on a semi regular basis was Oscar. But his extreme paranoia and social phobias made it difficult to have a lengthy conversation with him about anything beyond the weather.

The only time I really talked to all of them at the same time was three times a week for group meetings.

It was just as well. I wasn't there to make friends. And most of the time it felt like I had the place to myself. The staff checked in twice a day but for the most part, we were left to live as independently as we were able to.

Roberta came back into her office and shut the door behind her. Her steps heavy as she walked around to her desk and had a seat. She pushed a pile of papers towards me. "This is the registration packet. One of your goals for this week will be to call the school and set up a time to go to sit down with the registrar. Sort through this paperwork, see what financial aid you're eligible for. We can talk about what you learned at our meeting next week." Roberta wrote down some notes on the pad of paper she kept on hand.

I picked up the papers and shoved them into the folder on my lap. When Roberta was finished writing, she handed me a slip of paper with a list of three items that I was tasked with accomplishing for the week. Visit community college. Fill out paperwork. Research financial aid options. Seemed easy enough.

I signed off on the goals and put my copy, with the college stuff, in the folder.

Roberta folded her hands and leaned on her elbows. "How are things going at the house? Any issues I need to be made aware of?" she asked me, raising an eyebrow. She had a way of asking things that made me feel like I was sat in the principal's office. It wasn't me Ms. Silva! I didn't do it!

"Not that I know of?" The statement came out as a question. Roberta clicked her tongue.

"I haven't heard of any problems, I just like to ask," she said with a small smile. I got the distinct impression she liked to make people squirm, particularly me.

"Don't forget your art therapy starts tomorrow morning. And support group is tonight at six. If there aren't any concerns, let's call it a day," Roberta got to her feet and went to open her door.

I followed suit and went through the doorway, giving my case manager an easy smile. "Thanks Roberta, you know I appreciate it," I said oozing just enough charm to crack through her prison guard persona.

She swatted my arm and gave me a genuine smile. "Get out of here, I have other clients to see," she said harshly but still wearing that incongruent smile.

I chuckled and headed back to the house. Using my keys, I unlocked the front door. Jason, the behavioral aide was in the kitchen with Oscar, helping him to cook something. Both looked up when I walked in but only Jason greeted me. Oscar returned his focus to mixing something in a very large bowl.

I didn't feel insulted or rebuffed by being ignored like that. I didn't live with people who understood basic social skills. I went up the stairs. I could hear a television blaring and knew that either Kyle or Ryan were home, but all the doors on the first floor were closed.

The whole point of group living was to instill social supports. I think these guys missed that particular therapy memo. Not that I was complaining. I wasn't there to swear brotherhood to a bunch of strangers.

My goals were more fixed than that.

On the second floor, I headed right and opened the door to my room. I had taken Maggie's advice and prettied it up a bit. Or at least tried as much as my guy fashion sense would allow.

I had felt like a total douchebag going to Walmart and getting throw pillows and pictures to hang on the walls. I had hoped to impress Maggie if she came down for a visit over fall break. But with her classes ending this Friday there had been no confirmation from Maggie. So I could only assume that she wasn't coming.

I tried really hard not to be angry. But the desperate need to see her trumped rational thinking. And that stupid, insecure part of me worried that she was slowly and deliberately moving on.

Whether I wanted to or not, I obsessed at times about what she was doing at college. Yeah, she filled me in on classes and friends and parties but I couldn't be sure she wasn't keeping something from me.

And those f**king guys, Jackass and Jackassier seemed to come by every time we talked lately. I had tried to calmly ask who the f**k they were but Maggie laughed it off, saying they were her friends that lived in the dorm.

If they saw her as only a friend, than I'd cut off my left nut. Even through a damn computer screen I saw the way they looked at my girl. She was gorgeous; of course they'd look at her the way I always looked at her. And that filled me with a rage that was scary and consuming.

I knew being apart was going to be hard. I hadn't been delusional. Even still, the sharp pain in the gut I felt every time I had to hang up the phone or shut down my computer, took the wind from my sails.

I was convinced it would be easier if I knew Maggie was at least making an effort to try to see me. I would be able to control all of these ridiculous insecurities if I knew we'd see each other soon.

But as things stood right now, I had no f**king clue when I'd see her again. And I wasn't hearing her making any plans. I wanted her to live her life and do her thing, but I also needed to know that I fit into her world somehow.

Don't judge me for being a whiny bitch. I hadn't developed a bad case of PMS. I was just a guy trying to get better who needed reassurance that the girl he loved was right there beside me, where she said she would be.

Looking at the time, I knew Maggie had an hour before she had to be in her next class. Sitting down in front of the computer, I logged onto Skype and saw that she was online.

Feeling nervous and more than a little agitated, I called her. It rang once before she answered. I watched as her pixilated face cleared and she smiled brilliantly at me.

"Hey you," she said softly, her brown eyes happy, her mouth smiling.

"Hey," I said back, crossing my arms over my chest and leaning back in my chair. I was in a defensive posture. I knew I was communicating a mad amount of tension. But I was feeling f**king tense and I wasn't a guy who could cover up his emotions with random bullshit.

If I felt it, I said it. I lived it. I showed it. It's who I was. So pretending otherwise wasn't an option.

Maggie's smile slipped and then finally disappeared. "What's wrong?" she asked. We had moved way past beating around the bush. Maggie and I had learned the hard way it was better to get the nastiness out of the way so we could move on.

"Are you coming down here for fall break?" I asked shortly. Maggie's face shuttered instantly and the grim set of her lips was all the answer I needed.

"I'll take that as a no," I bit out angrily.

Maggie rubbed her forehead, her eyes closing in exasperation. "Clay, don't start this crap. I don't have the money to fly myself and my parents won't give me the money for that. Not right now," she excused.

"Did you ask them?" I asked her.

Maggie chewed on her bottom lip and tucked her brown hair behind her ears. "I know what they would say," she muttered.

"So you didn't ask them. You don't know for sure they would have said no," I surmised, feeling a sad realization like a cold rejection in my heart. She hadn't even tried.

Here I was, trying like hell to become the person she needed me to be. Planning a future that included her in every way possible. But was she doing the same?

Because right now, I wasn't so sure.

"Clay, you know as well as I do that there was no way in hell my parents would fork over five hundred bucks for me to fly to Florida and back. Not when they're still trying to get comfortable with you and me. I promise..."

I cut her off. "Save it, alright," I growled.

Maggie's shoulders drooped and I tried to ignore the sudden glassiness in her eyes. "Don't you think I want to see you? That I feel only half alive without you? Don't make this into something it isn't," she pleaded, wiping at her eyes.

I had to look away because if I focused on her sad face, I'd crumble. "What about me, Maggie? What do you think I'm feeling being down here? I don't know what you're doing. What you're thinking," I said bitterly.

Maggie laughed hatefully. "What I'm doing? Is that was this is about? Your ridiculous jealousy? I thought we got over that a long time ago, Clay...you know around the time I showed you how willing I was to throw my life away for you. How I'd follow you anywhere."

I grit my teeth. I knew Maggie was pissed. That was the only time she'd throw the less savory pieces of our past in my face.

"Look, I'm sorry, Mags. I just didn't realize how hard this would be. Maybe I can try to get up to see you. Come to Davidson for a few days," I suggested illogically. There was no way Roberta would sign off on that. Plus I didn't have the money for that kind of trip.

But at this point I'd f**king hitchhike if I could see Maggie.

Maggie's anger melted away as quickly as mine had. "You know you can't do that. I'll talk to my parents, see if I can come down for Christmas..." she began but I shook my head.

"Let's not make each other any promises we can't keep right now. I'm not sure I can handle the disappointment," I said, laughing humorlessly.

I was a tripwire set to detonate. These moments were a bitter reminder of the dark, twisted places my mind could go. Of where it still wanted to go.

I picked at the skin around my thumb, drawing blood. Seeing the bright red against my skin I stilled, gripping my hands into fists. "I'd better go," I strangled out.

"Clay..." Maggie began. She shook her head, her face hidden by a long curtain of hair.

"You know I love you, right?" she asked and I hated how it felt she like was trying to convince both of us.

I nodded, still clenching my fists as tightly as they would go.

"Yeah, Mags. I know. I love you too," I replied, the words as brittle as glass between my teeth.

Maggie was distracted by a knock on her door and I heard voices that had become unwelcomingly familiar.

"Just give me a minute to finish up and I'll meet up with you," Maggie was saying, her back to me as she spoke to the guy at her door.

The hateful coil of jealousy reared its head and without another word, and before Maggie could turn back around, I disconnected the call. I quickly logged out of my computer and slammed it closed with a decisive bang. I pulled the plug from the wall and the picked up the laptop and shoved it in my desk drawer as if I could shove away the ugly emotions burning a hole in my gut.

My breath came in painful bursts.

I had come so far. Yet how easy it was for me to lose all of that at the thought of Maggie disappearing forever.

4

Fall Break sucked a fat one. I spent most of the time volleying between being miserable and morose and being annoyed and pissed off. Rachel and Daniel had decided to stay at their school, so I didn't even have my best friends to keep me company.

Clay and I continued to talk every night but after our argument, the conversations changed. There was a distance and decisive chill that I couldn't undo. I tried to bridge the widening gap but every time I thought I was getting closer, Clay took another step back.

And I made a million and one excuses for his altered behavior. He was tired. He had a lot on his plate right now. I wasn't being fair or understanding enough.

At one time, I had been the master of enabling explanations where Clayton Reed was concerned. It was a habit I had hoped to have outgrown by now. But it was like last year's pants that had become too tight. It was uncomfortable as hell but I still tried to squeeze my fat ass in them.

"How's group going?" I asked Clay on the last night of break. I was helplessly trying to hang onto the conversation, though it had died of awkwardness about twenty minutes ago.

"It's going," Clay responded noncommittally. Damn, I wanted to throttle him.

"What sort of stuff do you talk about?" I tried again. Clay was quiet for a while and I was starting to wonder if I was speaking into dead air.

"Last week we talked about the holidays. You know because Thanksgiving is a month a way and shit. Holidays are usually hard for most of us, so we were working through triggers and coping plans," Clay said and I was thrilled. Not that he was planning ways to get through a painful holiday season, but that he was actually talking. Actually sharing. I was tiptoeing back in.

"And what's your plan?" I asked him, pushing that door wide open again. I didn't do timid. I wasn't going to walk on eggshells around the very focal point of our lives. His treatment and his recovery were the most important things our worlds. I wanted the XYZs and the 123s.

"Seeing Ruby. Remembering to be thankful for those who love me," he said quietly and then added, "Seeing your face even if it's just on a computer screen. Being appreciative that you're there even when I don't deserve it."

My heart became tight in my chest and my cheeks hurt from smiling. After a week of bullshit, this was nice to hear.

"Is that your way of saying sorry?" I asked, with only a hint of teasing.

"It's my way of saying I should never have been an ass**le in the first place," he admitted and I felt the knot in my stomach begin to loosen.

"I'm not going to argue with you," I said more harshly than I intended.

Clay became quiet again and we sat there, listening to each other breathe.

"Do you think we can do this?" he asked finally and the knot gripped tightly again.

"What do you mean?" I asked sounding sort of panicky.

"I just think we were incredibly naive to believe that we could handle being this far away from each other. This is so much harder than I thought it would be." I hated the stark sadness in Clay's voice.

How often would he doubt what we had together? How many times would I have to convince him that together we could handle anything?

That together, we would make it.

"I refuse to have this conversation with you again, Clay," I said in frustration.

I could almost picture Clay putting his hands through his hair in his characteristic agitated gesture. His fingers curling into fists as he fought against the urges screaming in his head. The thought of him struggling in any way made me want to back off and play nice.

The instinctual fear that resided in my heart clawed its way to the surface. Our history dictated my response. Clay had never handled dissention between us very well. It was ingrained in me to retreat, to placate, and to surrender.

But if we were ever going to move away from our past, I had to check those instincts and give us both a hefty dose of tough love. And that meant calling my boyfriend on his shit.

"I'm serious, Maggie, this is eating me alive!" his voice rose and I winced at the desperation I heard.

"Fucking hell, Clayton! Yes, this sucks, but it's not forever. And I swear to God if you try this whole I'm letting you go because I love you too much line of crap again, I will smack the crap out of you!" I threatened.

Finally Clay laughed but it was a sad sound. "I learned the hard way that letting you go isn't possible," he said softly.

I ran my fingers over the ink on the inside of my wrist. The rune Uruz, black against my skin, seemed to remind me that healing took time but that it was possible. It was necessary. And I couldn't give up on the boy who had come so far.

"This isn't going to be easy, Clay, but you have to trust me. You have to trust us. Because I would rather be there, beside you, than anywhere else. We made promises to each other and we have to remember that at the end of all this, there will only be you and me."

I felt the truth of those words in the pit of my soul. Because Clay wasn't just my first love. He was my forever love. And I would fight for that forever until I was bloodied and broken. And then, only he could put me back together.

We didn't function in half ways and maybes. We were always. We were constant.

We were endless.

And one day we wouldn't be struggling for every heartbeat. We wouldn't be walking uphill against the weight of his illness and our combined insecurities.

I wasn't delusional. I knew that a lifetime with him would be to face a barely restrained uncertainty. But I was convinced that eventually, we'd be able to relax and finally just...be.

And it was that that kept my dreams peaceful and my sleep undisturbed. Because there was no other option for the boy and the girl who had walked through fire and now waited for the smoke to disappear.

"I know, baby," he said and then chuckled. "Look at you, two months in school and you're already a f**king genius."

I snorted. "Sweetheart, I've always been a genius. I chose you didn't I?"

"That you did. I'm one lucky ass**le."

"But you're my ass**le."

Clay laughed again and we were finally right again.

I was glad to be back at school. I loved my parents but they could be more than a little smothering. And now that Clay and I were good again, I felt like I was able to relax.

"How was your break?" Ashley asked as soon as I entered the dorm room. I noticed that the Justin Bieber posters had been taken down. The Biebs had been replaced with Harry Styles. Sheesh, her taste in music just kept getting better and better.

"Fine. How about you?" I asked. No sense in sharing that I spent most of my time moping and eating my weight in mint chocolate chip ice cream.

"It was great! You have to see the new clothes I bought!" she squealed, going to her closet and pulling out shirts and skirts and dresses, throwing them on my bed.

"Wow, Ashley. It's all so...bright," I said looking at her new neon wardrobe.

"You can borrow whatever you want!" she said, grabbing a tangerine colored dress and pressing it against my front. "This would look fabulous on you with all that dark hair."

I instantly backed away. "I won't play dress up, Ashley. I'll stick with my own clothes, thanks," I warned.

Ashley pouted and I knew she was gearing up for an argument when there was a knock at the door.

Josh and Brent came into the room, grins on their faces. "Girls! Finally! We've missed you!" Josh said in a loud, booming voice, throwing an arm around Ashley's shoulders. Josh was your stereotypical skater boy with shaggy blonde hair, shorts that were sagging off his hips and battered Vans on his feet. His crush on my roommate was painfully obvious and unfortunately for him, Ashley wasn't interested. But it didn't stop the poor boy from trying.

Brent sat down at my desk and swiveled in the chair, taking in the huge pile of clothes on my bed. Brent was shorter than me but built like the Incredible Hulk. He worked out religiously and it showed. His brown hair was shorn close to his skull and his smile was marred by a scar on his upper lip that he had told me came from a nasty bike riding accident when he was a kid.

Out of all the people I had met since coming to college, Brent was my closest friend. He reminded me so much of Daniel with his laid back attitude and protective affection. He watched my back at frat parties, keeping an eye on my drink and making sure random drunk guys didn't molest me.

But there weren't any romantic undercurrents to Brent's actions. He wasn't a Jake Fitzsimmons who waited in the wings hoping I would see him as more than a friend. Brent was crazy in love with his long time girlfriend back home. Sasha was a senior in high school and planned to enroll in JMU in the fall.

We spent many an afternoon talking about our significant others. Brent was the first person at college who I felt comfortable enough with to really talk to. I would never share Clay's difficulties and the roller coaster that had defined our life for the last year with just anyone. Ashley only knew Clay as my hot boyfriend that lived in Florida. Josh barely remembered his name.

But Brent knew it all. And it was nice to unload on someone who hadn't been there to experience the chaos first hand. Rachel and Daniel had been too embroiled in the mess to be objective. But Brent listened without judgment. And that's how I knew I had made a lifelong friend.

I hefted my suitcase onto my bed and opened it, looking at Brent over my shoulder.

"Did you see Sasha?" I asked him, tossing my dirty clothes in the hamper and dumping the rest of my stuff into a drawer. I'd worry about sorting everything later. Brent turned and straddled the chair, crossing his arms over the back.

He nodded and smiled happily. "Yeah. It was pretty great. She's getting her JMU application together to send off. She's going for early acceptance. She was stressing about not getting in, which is ridiculous. She has a 4.0 GPA," he bragged, obviously proud of his girlfriend.

"Wow, smart girl," I replied, setting my toiletries bag on my desk beside my laptop.

"I'm guessing you didn't get to see Clay," Brent surmised. I shook my head, letting out a huge sigh.

"No and we barely talked either. He spent most of my break being pissed at me," I said irritably.

Brent frowned. "Why was he mad at you?"

"He's feeling insecure with me being here and him being there. Long distance relationships are hard enough for people who started normally. And normal is one thing we never were. So for Clay and me it's twice as hard because we're still fighting all that old stuff too," I explained.

Brent swung his legs around and leaned his elbows on his knees, giving me a stern look. "That doesn't mean he can be shitty to you, you know," he lectured. I had to smile. He reminded me so much of Danny that it made me feel warm inside.

"I know, Dad," I teased and Brent rolled his eyes.

"I'm not making excuses, I promise. But the thing with Clay is he doesn't always see and hear things the way they really are. When he's doing well, it's easy to forget that he's a guy who is still learning how to think and act like the rest of us. And I'm here, experiencing life-changing shit and he isn't with me. It's just hard." I sat down on my bed and faced my friend.

"He was upset I wasn't coming down to Florida for fall break. I was upset he couldn't come to Virginia. So we ended up spending the last seven days upset with each other and not really talking about it," I finished, throwing my hands in the air in my frustration.

"Well, you don't seem depressed and you're not throwing shit so either you cope really well with stuff or you talked it out eventually," Brent accurately deduced.

"Yeah, we did," I admitted, smiling.

Brent gently tapped my knee. "Relationships are tough. The long distance ones even more so. There has to be give and take. Just make sure you're equal in who does the giving and who does the taking. From what you've said, Clay has had a rough go of it. So if you're serious about this relationship lasting, you need to put the effort into it. More so now that you're not together every day," Brent said sagely.

"Shit, Brent, you should start your own relationship advice column," I smirked, earning me a dirty look.

"You know I'm right. So, you've said Clay can't come up to see you because of his program, maybe you should surprise him. Fly down to see him," Brent suggested.

I made an inelegant snort in the back of my throat. "Yeah, with what money?" I asked, rolling my eyes. "There's no way my parents would pay for that," I complained.

Brent threw a pair of socks at me and I had to bat them away before I was hit in the face. "There are these crazy things called jobs...maybe you could get one." Jeesh, Brent's sarcasm could rival my own.

Instead of responding with my own smart-ass remark, I paused. Brent was right. I got to my feet and pulled him after me.

"Where are we going?" he asked, grabbing his baseball hat from the desk and putting it on as I hurried into the hallway.

"We're finding me a job!" I answered excitedly.

5

Clay is worth it. Clay is worth it. Clay is worth it.

Three weeks later, I was repeating this mantra over and over again.

I had gotten a job waiting tables at a small Italian restaurant down the road from the university. I somehow, in my exuberance to make money, momentarily forgot that I sucked at waiting tables. That me and trays full of glasses was a match made in hell.

My manager was a dick, the customers tipped like crap and I left work smelling like I had been dipped in garlic. It took days after a shift to get the smell out of my hair.

But Clay was worth it.

I had gotten two paychecks and had saved all of my tips. I already had enough money for the plane ticket to Florida. Now it was just a matter of getting my parents on board with the plan.

I would be going home for Thanksgiving and I planned to drop the bomb then. I knew my mom was feeling her empty nest but this bird was gonna fly. All the way to Florida for Christmas.

I hadn't said a word to Clay yet. We hadn't mentioned my visiting since our argument before fall break. The undercurrent of tension was still there. It was palpable and laced every conversation.

Clay was more abrupt and less willing to engage in long conversations than he had been before. I felt the boy I loved drifting away, just as he had promised me he wouldn't do.

I would sometimes bring up the distance I was feeling and Clay would apologize, telling me that he loved me and that he had a lot going on. But I was starting to doubt his words.

Which is why this trip to see him was so important. I needed it to reassure Clay. To reassure myself. To solidify the connection that was so essential to both of us.

I had called Ruby and told her of my plans. She was excited and thought it was a wonderful idea. She had originally planned to drive up to see Clay for Christmas. But she thought it would be nice for us to have that time together. Instead, she would drive up December 26th.

She agreed to not say a word to Clay about her change in travel plans. Both of us knew how this could have catastrophic effects on his tenuous recovery.

Clay's feelings of abandonment triggered extremely negative reactions. And that was the last thing we wanted when he was trying so hard to get better.

"Hey," Clay said tiredly when I called him just before Thanksgiving break. I had a mountain of classwork to get through but I had needed to hear his voice. I was supposed to work tonight and could have used a nap but that would have to wait. Something had been nagging at me the entire day. An inexplicable sense of dread that I couldn't put my finger on.

"Hey, is everything all right?" I asked, trying not to sound as concerned as I was actually feeling. Lately, Clay had been sounding increasingly more tired and stressed. He had decided to take a few classes at the community college. And while I thought this was a step in the right direction for him, he didn't seem to be embracing his life the way I had hoped.

In fact he sounded entirely too much like the boy he had been when we had first gotten together. The boy I had held after he had destroyed his bedroom and collapsed on the floor. A boy I never wanted to see again. I couldn't help but worry about how he was coping. Clay's demons were even more frightening now that I wasn't there to help him fend them off.

Clay sighed. "No, not really," he answered and my heart seized. The despair in his voice terrified me. The all too familiar knot in my stomach made itself known.

"Why? What's going on?" I asked softly, my words barely above a whisper.

"I got a letter from my parents' attorney today."

I grit my teeth. His parents. Shit. Why can't those people leave him alone? It seemed they had a "let's screw with our son's head now that he's feeling good" radar. I had never encountered such a cold and unloving pair of people in my entire life. I hated them with a ferocity that bordered on violence.

"What?" I rasped.

"Well, it was a more of a check with a letter stating I was not to have any further contact with them. It was a f**king pay off, Mags. They want me to stay out of their lives." He sounded defeated and I had never hated the distance between us as much as I did in that moment.

"I'm so sorry, Clay-" I began but he cut me off with a harsh bark of laughter.

"Don't be sorry, Maggie. I don't want them in my life anymore than they want me in theirs. I'm not surprised. I kind of figured by the lack of communication in the last year that I was cut from the will." He laughed again and the sound sent chills down my spine.

Because for all of Clay's brave words, I knew this hurt him deeply. What child wanted reaffirming proof that their parents didn't love them? We all possessed a fundamental need for our parents' approval and affection. The root of Clay's problems rested solely on the inhuman people who had callously given him life and then left him to fend for himself.

He tried so hard to move past the emotional isolation and neglect that had defined his childhood. But I knew without a doubt, that this ripped him apart. Because there was still that small boy inside that yearned for a love he'd never have.

"The only people who will ultimately suffer because of that, are them, Clay. They are missing out on the opportunity to know and love a remarkable person. You are beautiful and amazing and that has nothing to do with them and everything to do with you. You have become who you are because of your strength and determination in spite of their despicable actions," I said emphatically, hoping he'd hear me.

Clay was silent, not saying a word. "You have Ruby, you have me. You have people who love you so much. So take that f**king money and put it toward going to school, toward building a future that means something. Shut the door on them for good," I urged, trying not to sound panicked.

"Fuck their money, Maggie! Fuck them! I don't want a god damned cent from those people!" he yelled and I winced at his anger. "Five hundred thousand dollars! That's the price they place on cutting me out of their lives. The bounty on my head, Maggie! Now they can wipe their hands of me and my constant f**king disappointments!" he screamed.

I could hear him sobbing and once again he broke my heart.

And I knew it was one of those times I had to hold him up because I sensed that he desperately wanted to fall down.

"Clay, baby, please don't let them hold this power over you! Stop for a moment and think about all of the things you've already accomplished! You've taken control of your life! You are so smart, passionate, talented. You love with your whole heart and you remind me every day what it means to fight for something that matters," I told him.

Clay had stopped crying and was quiet again. His silence had always made me nervous. It was ingrained in me to wonder what he was doing to fill the void. What thoughts were wreaking havoc in his mind? What he would do to deal with the pain he was feeling.

But I had to trust him. I had to. He needed people to have faith in him, even if my instincts cried out for me to be wary.

He deserved it.

"That's fine, tear up the stupid check then. Light it on fire and watch it burn. Or put it away and maybe one day you'll be able to take that money and do something positive with it," I tentatively suggested.

"I don't know what I'd do without you, Mags," he said finally, his voice rough with emotion.

"Well lucky for you, you'll never find out," I promised.

"I love you so much. I swear to god I'll do whatever I have to do to make things right for us. One day I won't be such a f**king mess. One day I won't cripple you with my shit. I'll do this for you and for me. I won't let them destroy me. It'll take more than their hate to sink me," Clay said, sounding stronger than he had in weeks.

"You can do anything you want, Clay. I believe in you. Now you need to believe in you."

"Well at least now I can buy you one hell of a Christmas present," Clay said lightly and I felt relief flood my body.

"I'm counting on it," I teased, thankful that the intensity of the moment had passed...for now.

6

I pulled the check from the bottom drawer of my dresser for the millionth time. Five-hundred thousand dollars was a lot of money. But it wasn't nearly enough to erase the bullshit pain I had been dealt by the people who had given it to me.

I was so angry after opening the letter from my parents' lawyer; I had crumpled up the check and the official letter stating that this money was contingent on having no further contact with my parents. You know, the people who had given me life, for whatever the hell that was worth. Because obviously it didn't mean shit to them.

I thought I had met my f**ked-up-things-parents-do quota for a lifetime. Apparently not. Just when I thought they could no longer shock me, they had to pull out this doozy.

It wasn't as though I was holding onto the unrealistic idea that one day they'd wake up and decide to be the mom and dad I wanted them to be. They were way too invested in being shitty human beings to be anything else.

But the black and white finality of that letter still hurt. Hell, it hurt a lot.

What to do with the pay off money then? Do I cash it and put it toward something important like Maggie suggested? Do I set the bitch on fire and watch it turn to ash? That seemed like some seriously overly dramatic symbolism though.

So instead, I smoothed out the rumpled paper and shoved it in my dresser drawer, underneath a stack of T-shirts.

But it sat there, burning a hole through to the floor.

There was a knock on my door that made me jump a foot before slamming the drawer closed. I didn't know my roommates well enough to trust them with the knowledge of a half a million dollars in my room.

I opened the door to find Ryan standing awkwardly in the hallway. He shoved the portable phone into my hand. "You've got a phone call. Sounds like a chick," he mumbled before shuffling away.

It couldn't be Maggie or Ruby. They only ever called my cell phone. I wasn't due any calls from Roberta or my therapist. That eliminated all of the possible options. Shit, I really didn't know that many people. I wasn't sure if that made me hopelessly pathetic or extremely relieved.

"Hello?" I said into the receiver.

"Clay?" a voice said and I frowned.

"Yeah?"

"It's me. Um, Maria. Tyler gave me your number. I didn't want to call your cell in case you didn't answer."

My eyes widened and I thought seriously about hanging up. Maria's head games and bullshit were the last things I needed. Fucking Tyler! He clearly needed a thorough explanation of what don't give my number out to anyone actually meant.

Because clearly something had been lost in communication. Damn it!

"Maria," I said evenly, waiting for her to talk. I wasn't going to make this easy on her. She f**king called me.

"You were right," she let out in a rush, surprising me. I mean, I could think of a lot of things I had been right about in my life. James Cameron's Titanic, yeah it was just a movie about a ship sinking and lots of people dying. Kate Winslet's boob did not make up for the fact that it sucked.

How about my affirmation that Coke Zero tasted nothing like actual Coca Cola. Don't let the name fool you, people. And the dumbass working for Subway that decided to put turkey and avocado in the same sandwich should be f**king lynched.

So I needed a little clarification as to what I had been right about this time.

"About?" I prompted.

"Everything," she said quietly.

"Can you be more specific?" I said dryly. I wouldn't give this girl an inch. I thought Maria had been my friend. She had been one of the few people I had allowed myself to get close to while in treatment. Yeah, I know life works differently when you're in that setting, but I saw a whole lot of myself in Maria. I thought we were on the same page when it came to the way we saw things.

What I hadn't counted on was for my so-called friend to show up at Ruby's house and shit all over our friendship. She disrespected me. And most importantly she had disrespected the relationship I was building with Maggie.

Maria had some messed up delusions when it came to our friendship. I knew that while we were at Grayson's she had a bit of a crush. But I thought I had made my feelings perfectly clear. Obviously I was about as clear as mud. And when Maria had come to Virginia for a visit after I had moved back earlier in the year, she had been a bitch. She had made things awkward and uncomfortable. Not only for me but also for Maggie and our friends.

Maria had created needless drama and tension and then had taken off without an explanation or an apology. I hadn't heard a peep from her since.

Maria let out a shuddery sigh. "I was a mess, Clay. I completely f**ked up. I am so f**king f**ked!" she said shrilly and I hatefully wished I had gone with my earlier instinct to hang up the phone. I had enough of my own stuff going on, dealing with Maria's was not on the agenda for this lifetime.

"Look, Maria, I'm sorry you've had a crap time of it, but there's nothing I can really do for you. I tried to be your friend. Obviously that wasn't enough," I reminded her harshly.

"I didn't call to hash through all of this," she said defensively, which in turn made me defensive.

"Well, what the hell did you call me for then? Besides to tell me that I was right in calling you a mess that needed to get her shit together," I barked out.

I heard Maria's sad little sobs on the other end and instantly felt like a dick. I needed to dial back the jackass a bit.

"Look Maria, that was hateful of me. I'm sorry," I said, trying to backpedal. I needed to end this conversation about five minutes ago.

"No, you're right, Clay! I'm the stupid mess that shacked up with a guy old enough to be my father and who turned out to be an abusive ass**le. Then the ass**le decided to pimp me out to all of his friends and I agreed because I have no f**king pride! No self-respect! What's wrong with me? Why can't I make a decision that isn't shit?" she cried and I didn't know what to say.

Part of me wanted to make her feel better. This was the girl who had been my friend during a really messed up time in my life.

But the other part of me wanted to tell her to wake the f**k up. We all needed to take responsibility for the choices we make and until she did that, she'd be stuck in the same pattern. I was learning that slowly.

"I'm going back to the Grayson Center. I spoke to Dr. Todd yesterday. He's set up an intake for me after Thanksgiving," Maria said before I could say anything.

I hadn't been expecting Maria to be that proactive. To say I was surprised would be an understatement.

"Wow, Maria. That's great!" I told her sincerely.

"Thanks. I'm feeling like it might stick this time," she said genuinely and I truly hoped that for her.

"I'd like to see you before I'm readmitted. You know, for coffee, or whatever. I've messed up a lot of things in my life and I'm trying to make stuff right. I screwed up our friendship. I know I was a jerk when I saw you last. I was a bitch to your girlfriend. I just want to see you and try to make amends," Maria let out in a rush.

"I don't know," I said hesitantly. I was worried what this would mean for Maggie. I could reassure my girl until I was blue in the face but I knew that she felt insecurity and jealousy just as I did. If the tables were turned and it was that stupid ass Jake calling her up wanting coffee, I'd be on the next flight to Virginia ready to kick some ass.

"I understand," Maria said sadly. Shit, that made me feel worse. Call me a sucker, but I didn't want Maria feeling bad before heading back to Grayson's. I couldn't forget that she was just a f**ked up girl trying to get it together. She and I were the same in that respect. We just acted out in different ways. Maria spread her legs and I cut my skin. Who was I to judge the choices she had made?

"Actually, yeah. Let's get coffee. I have classes on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons and I work on Wednesday mornings but just let me know a day and I'll make it work," I told her.

"Really? That sounds awesome, Clay! Thank you! How about I text you later and we can figure out a time and place," Maria said excitedly and I felt guilty for being less than thrilled at the idea.

We got off the phone after that and I went back to my room to grab my backpack. I had a meeting with my therapist and then class this afternoon. I hadn't been lying when I told Maria I had a ton of crap to do in a week.

Between classes, support group meetings, therapist appointments, medication management, case management, my part time job, I barely had time to freaking breathe. But it was probably for the best. The busier I was, the less time I had to sit on my ass and think about shit. And that wasn't a good thing for me to be doing. Maybe one day I could sit back and reflect on my life and be all Zen about the mistakes I had made.

But that day hadn't arrived yet. So for now, I appreciated the chaos.

Ten minutes later I had pulled up in front of a non-descript building with off white siding. I went inside and signed my name on the clipboard at the receptionist window and had a seat.

This place was nothing like my last therapists' office. Shaemus had decked out his place with fish tanks and houseplants. He had said it was important that patients feel comfortable, like they were walking into someone's home.

This place was clinical and bland. A place with no personality at all. Though I guess the people that sat on the generic furniture weren't there because they gave a crap about the decor.

The woman who sat beside me picked obsessively at her thumbnail. Her fingers were red and raw, her arms covered in healing scabs. She was obviously a nervous picker. After a few minutes, she moved from her thumb to her lips, where she pulled at a piece of loose skin until it bled.

"Hi," I said, hoping to distract the lady from her masochistic lip torture. She didn't acknowledge me at all. Just kept picking away. It was gross.

I turned my attention to the older guy sat across from me. He looked like he was asleep, his head drooping down onto his chest. He let out a snore every few minutes and twitched involuntarily.

There was another guy about my age sitting in the corner but he seemed preoccupied with getting his finger up his nose.

Jeesh, this place was depressing. Government run mental health care at its finest.

I picked up a magazine from the coffee table. It was dated, November 2009. I tossed it back on the pile and leaned back in my chair to stare at the ceiling.

"Clayton Reed," a nasally voice called out and I jumped to my feet. The lady sat beside me continued to pick at her lip, sleeping guy stayed a sleep and the nose bandit seemed to have struck gold.

I couldn't get out of there fast enough.

I followed the small woman with the sour expression through a locked door. Her nametag read Chloe. Her name didn't suit her at all. Chloe made you think of ponytails and big tits. This woman wore a turtleneck, even though it was eighty degrees out. She had a run in her tights and lipstick on her teeth. She made me feel like I was being taken to a time out. Maybe she and Roberta had studied at the same scary bitches school.

She led me to a closed door and pointed to another row of chairs along the wall. "Dr. Cary will be out to get you soon," she said shortly.

"Thanks Chloe," I said, purposefully using her name. Hey, I could be charming when I wanted to be.

Clearly my charm was lost on Chloe. She didn't bother to look at me again before heading back to reception. I sat down to wait some more.

After only a few minutes, the door beside me opened and a woman around Ruby's age came out, dabbing her eyes with a tissue. She was followed by a woman in her late thirties who patted her on the shoulder.

"I'll see you next week, Robin," my therapist said. Robin nodded and headed down the hallway, her head bowed down.

Dr. Danielle Cary turned to me and smiled. "Hi Clay. Come on in," she said smiling. I followed Dr. Cary into her office and sat down on the sofa. I had only been to see the new shrink a few times. Dr. Todd had referred me to her, so I had tried to reserve judgment.

The truth was, I hadn't connected with her the way I had with Dr. Todd or Shaemus. Dr. Cary (no using her first name) seemed kind of uptight and overly clinical. She was nice enough; she just didn't put in a lot of time with the whole "make you feel comfortable" thing.

It took me a lot to open up to people I liked, so Dr. Cary was having a rough time with me. I wasn't trying to be oppositional. I had grown out of throwing therapy temper tantrums but that didn't mean I was ready to throw up my entire life just because this chick was being paid to listen.

Excuse me if I felt she had to earn that trust. Dr. Todd had talked her up, saying I'd do well with her. The jury was still out.

So far our sessions had consisted of me answering a bunch of questions and looking at pictures, describing what I saw. Stereotypical counselor bullshit.

Tell me what you see in this picture...Tell me how you feel when I show you this photograph...

I had mastered the monosyllabic reply over the years and that particular skill was definitely being put to use now.

Dr. Cary sat down in a chair across from me and crossed her legs. Yes my eyes went there. Even though she clearly wore her panties too tight, I could acknowledge that she was a damn good-looking woman.

But that is where my appreciation ended. Because while Dr. Cary may be the focus of her other male client's wank fantasies, she definitely wasn't mine. There was only one woman who made my guy parts twitch and the good doctor wasn't her.

"How has your week been, Clay? Classes going all right?" Dr. Cary asked, sliding her glasses from her hair to sit on the end of her nose. She put a notebook in her lap and clicked her pen a few times.

I settled into the couch trying to get comfortable. "Fine," I answered. See, I killed it with the one-word responses.

Dr. Cary's eyebrows pinched together and she wrote something on her notepad. "How are things at the house? Are you getting along with your roommates?" she asked me, switching gears.

"Yeah," I said, chewing on a hangnail and looking bored. Dr. Cary seemed frustrated as she put down her pen to look at me.

"Look, Clay, you know how this works. Therapy isn't new to you. So tell me what we can do to make this a beneficial relationship for you. This is a necessary part of your outpatient care. I have to provide monthly reports of your progress to your case manager. I won't be able to give her anything positive if you're not willing to talk to me. Dr. Todd says you are a responsive and interactive patient. I have yet to see that Clayton Reed in my office," she said sternly.

I didn't say anything, instead choosing to look out the window. Dr. Cary let out an audible sigh. "I'm sure you get tired of rehashing the same thing over and over again. I don't want this to be painful for you. This is your therapy. You dictate how this is going to go. So how about, instead of me asking you questions, you tell me what you want to talk about and we go from there," she suggested kindly and I turned my attention back to her.

She was right of course. These meetings were part of my outpatient plan. I didn't have a choice. But I did have a choice in what I got out of it. I had come a long way in how I thought about therapy and talking about my feelings. I now recognized the necessity of it.

"Okay, well, I got a letter from my parents' attorney this week. With a check. Basically, they told me to never contact them again," I said, feeling kind of relieved to talk about it.

Dr. Cary frowned. "That had to have been hard. What did you do when you got this letter?" she asked, making more notes.

I let out a bitter laugh. "Do you mean did I cut or think about using?" I asked hatefully. Shit, would it always come back to this? The answer was yes. It would.

Dr. Cary dropped her pen and gave me a hard look. "Yes, that is exactly what I meant. That had to have been a strong trigger for you. I know in the past your parents have always brought about your most negative and self-destructive behaviors. So lets talk about that. Re-frame your coping mechanisms," Dr. Cary suggested.

She was right...again. There was a reason she got paid the big bucks to listen to a bunch of crazies talk about their impulses and feelings.

"Yeah, I thought about cutting. That was my first instinct actually. But I didn't do it," I finally admitted.

Dr. Cary gave me a small smile. "Well, what did you do instead?" she asked.

I picked at a thread on my jeans. Talking about this shit never got any easier. The need to cut myself continued to sit like a shadow in the back of my mind. Always there, ready to make me feel better. It still whispered in my ear that just one slice would make all the noise in my head go away.

But with each passing day, I was getting stronger and the pull of that shadow was becoming easier to ignore. And I hoped like hell that one day soon I'd stop hearing it all together.

"I called Maggie," I told my counselor.

Dr. Cary made a few more notes. "Maggie. That's your girlfriend right?" she asked, pulling a folder off her desk and looking through it until she found what she was looking for. I recognized Dr. Todd's handwriting on the paper in her lap.

"Yeah, she's my girlfriend," I answered, trying to get a look at the notes in her lap.

"I've read through your case file from the Grayson Center. There are lots of mentions of Maggie in Dr. Todd's notes. From what I can gather, in the past, Maggie has also been a trigger for you. Is that not the case anymore?" she asked, still reading whatever was written in the file.

I felt myself get instantly defensive. This was usual response to any supposed criticism of my relationship with Maggie.

"No, she...well...she helps me. She has always been able to help me. Just for a while there, it was all mixed up with my f**ked up feelings. But she gets me. She knows what can set me off. She's not my trigger!" I said louder than I meant to.

Dr. Cary gave me a sharp look. "It's important that you be honest with yourself. If she is still a trigger for you and she is someone who is in your life, then we need to address that."

I shook my head. "No, we don't need to address that. It's not a problem. Maggie is not the problem," I grit out. I was about to add a back the f**k off for good measure but stopped myself.

Crap.

"Okay, maybe there is a problem with Maggie. And maybe it triggers some intense stuff," I grudgingly admitted. Dr. Cary's face relaxed and she sat back in her chair.

"Thank you for being honest, Clay. Do you want to talk about it?" she asked gently.

Like I had a choice. She had opened this can of snarly worms, there was no putting the lid back on.

"Maggie goes to college in Virginia," I started. Dr. Cary watched me quietly, doing that thing that therapists do best. Waiting for me to spill my guts all over her carpeted floor.

"And I'm down here. So it's been hard. Really there hasn't been a moment of our relationship that hasn't been hard," I said, shocking the hell out of myself for admitting this to a stranger.

"Long distance relationships are tough in the best of circumstances. But given everything you've been challenged with, it must make things even more difficult," Dr. Cary stated as a matter of fact.

I nodded my agreement. She was good. Better than I gave her credit for. Because I found myself unloading all the screwed up and beautiful history between Maggie and me. I told her about how pissed I got over Maggie's new life. How I felt left out and left behind. How bitter I was that she wasn't making more of an effort to see me, when if the roles were reversed and I was able to leave the f**king state, nothing, and I mean, nothing, would have kept me from her.

"And now Christmas is coming up and it's just another freaking holiday where we won't be together. I know she needs to be with her family but I need her too," I said angrily.

Dr. Cary clicked her pen a few times and then tapped her chin with the tip, leaving an ink stain on her skin. "Don't you think you're being unfair to Maggie?" she asked me. Her statement had me flushing in shame.

"Probably," I conceded, knowing the doctor was spot on.

"Maggie has stood by you through a lot. She put everything on the line to be with you more than once. She is doing something for her and you have to be selfless and let her. I understand this stirs up a lot of negative self-talk for you. But that is about you and not about Maggie. Which is why the two of you are doing the best thing for each other. You are working on things here while Maggie is building a life outside of your relationship in Virginia. Your life can't completely revolve around each other. That isn't healthy in the long term," Dr. Cary advised and I wanted to argue with her.

Because my world did revolve around Maggie. It always had since the moment I met her. Dr. Cary didn't understand how things were between us. Just because she had a few letters after her name didn't make her the expert on my relationship.

I was ready to dismiss this entire conversation out right. But her next words sank in. And they sank in deep.

"You told me you left Maggie once because you thought it was the right thing for her. Right now, you have to let her live her life and you need to focus on your own. If you spend your time divided, you will never be whole. Use this time apart to create something for you. If what you have with Maggie is as strong as it seems, then it will be there when you've done that. But the biggest part of your outpatient treatment is to do things that are good for your health and your progress. To build a positive life for you. And once that happens, then you can share it with another person."

"Walk slowly with Maggie. The two of you jumped from A to Z rather quickly. Now it's time to take a step back and learn all the other letters. See the distance between you not as a barrier but as a way to do things the right way," Dr. Cary said with a smile.

I nodded. I thought it was time I learned what the right way looked like.

"And remember to be open and honest. It is the most important component of any relationship. If you're feeling insecure or unsure, tell her. Listen to Maggie if she is upset. If you have that foundation of trust, then the rest falls into place naturally," Dr. Cary said.

I felt a flare of guilt because I had planned to keep Maria's upcoming visit to myself. I didn't want to rock an already floundering boat. But Dr. Cary was right, if things were going to work between Maggie and me in the forever sense, I had to be honest. I had to take things slow. And I had to be comfortable with letting her finding her way...by herself.

"I have to tell you something," I said after I called Maggie later that night.

Maggie was quiet and I realized how I came across. God knows what those words sounded like to her.

"What?" she asked quietly.

"Maria called me," I told her and then waited.

But the reaction I received wasn't anything that I had been expecting.

Maggie started laughing.

Huh?

"Uh, what's so funny?" I asked, completely confused.

Maggie snorted. "Jesus, Clay, I thought you were going to tell me something really horrible. I mean, Maria sucks, but shit...okay..." Maggie started laughing again and I started laughing with her.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to freak you out. I just thought you'd be pissed," I said once she had calmed down.

"Pissed? Why would I be pissed?" she asked.

Had I entered some crazy chick alternate universe? Or was I walking into a trap without realizing it?

"Because Maria was a bitch to you? Because she made it obvious she wanted to sleep with me? Because you have every right to ask me not to see her?" I supplied.

I could almost see Maggie rolling her eyes. "Clay, Maria's got some f**ked up issues. I get that. But I trust you. Yeah, I don't trust her, but that doesn't matter. She's not my boyfriend. You are."

I sagged in relief, not sure I deserved her understanding. "If it were Jake calling you, I'd be f**king livid," I admitted, feeling ashamed.

Maggie didn't say anything for a moment. "Yeah, well, that has more to do with the things you're dealing with than with me or our relationship. You know you're the only guy in my life. So sure, you'd be angry, but I would hope you'd trust me to be faithful to you," she said quietly.

Trust. Such a hard thing to give when you had been burned so much in your life. But if being with Maggie and living with Ruby had taught me anything it was that there were people in your life that you could trust.

"I don't deserve you," I said quietly.

"Clay, when will you realize that you deserve the world?"

7

I shoved a few more shirts into my suitcase. I tried to make room but it was already extremely over packed. My plane left for Florida tomorrow morning, Christmas Eve.

I'd be lying if I said I wasn't nervous as hell. Clay still had no idea I was coming. I had received a package in the mail yesterday from him. My Christmas present I assumed. I took it out of the box and put the still wrapped gift in my suitcase along with the things I had gotten for both he and Ruby.

I had been home for two weeks. My parents hadn't been thrilled when I said I'd be spending Christmas in Florida with Clay. My dad had shot down the idea the second I mentioned it over Thanksgiving break.

"Clay lives in a group home! There is absolutely no way you are staying with him there!" my dad had said vehemently. He turned an alarming shade of purple when I said we'd be staying in a hotel instead because overnight visitors in the group home were prohibited.

My mom had stepped in and tried to put on the parental guilt trip. "But it's your first Christmas in college. We've missed you so much, we just want to spend the holidays with our little girl," she had reasoned.

I had almost caved. My parents knew exactly what buttons to push to make me feel like an ungrateful child. But I stuck to my guns. "I've been working to save up for the ticket. I haven't seen Clay since June. I plan to go whether you are okay with it or not. But I'd prefer for you to be okay with it." I had been so proud of how strong I sounded. Maggie Young was pulling up her big girl panties!

My parents shut the subject down and refused to discuss it any more over break. I had spent most of my time with Rachel and Daniel anyway, so there hadn't been much time to say more about it. But my mind was made up; I just hoped I could go with their blessing.

It wasn't until I had gone back to school that Mom had called and said that I was an adult and I could do what I wanted. She hadn't sounded particularly happy about it, but I was relieved that they had conceded.

So after that, I had booked my flight to Florida. I would be arriving at Orlando International Airport at ten-thirty in the morning on Christmas Eve. I planned to stay for three nights (because that was all I could afford) and fly back to Virginia on the 27th.

I booked a room at a Holiday Inn not far from where Clay was living. I had gone out and gotten myself a small, fake Christmas tree already decorated with lights. I was going to make this the most perfect Christmas possible.

Hiding my visit was proving extremely difficult. Clay didn't seem very enthused about the upcoming holiday. He talked about Ruby coming up to visit and about some of the activities the group home was doing for the residents. But he seemed a little sad.

I only hoped that once I was there I could make up for the years of shitty holidays he had experienced.

But the truth was I didn't know what to expect. As hard as we tried, the tension between Clay and me hadn't gotten any better. I blamed the distance but a huge part of me worried that it was more than that.

That maybe while he was moving forward, he was going to walk so far away from me that I'd never be able to catch up.

I tried to hold onto the belief that our love could overcome anything. We had already climbed the mountain, this should be the easy part, right? Why couldn't my heart believe my head?

"Knock, knock," a voice called out from the hallway. My door flew open, bouncing off the wall. "There you are!" Rachel said, coming into my bedroom with a huge smile on her face with Daniel right behind her.

Rachel grabbed me in a huge hug and without hesitation, I held her back. Once upon a time, physical demonstrations of any form would have been a huge no-no. I didn't do the hugging stuff. But times had changed. I had changed. And now I didn't think twice about kissing Daniel's cheek and giving Rachel's long, brown hair an affectionate tug.

"Hey you two," I said, pulling my suitcase off the bed. It landed with a loud thud on the floor.

"Think you packed enough?" Daniel asked, cocking an eyebrow before taking his usual spot on my bed. Rachel sank down beside him, her body leaning into his.

I had been worried that when my two best friends decided to go to school together, that they wouldn't make it. That their relationship would die a fiery death and as a result we'd lose the friendship that we have had our entire lives.

But they seemed stronger than ever. I watched as Daniel tucked a piece of hair behind Rachel's ear and she gave him a small smile. They were cute, in that so-adorable-it-makes-you-want-to-vomit-kind of way.

"You've seen how your girlfriend packs for a weekend away, so don't start with that shit," I warned Daniel who laughed before being elbowed by Rachel in the gut.

"She's right, baby. Who needs five pairs of shoes for one night?" he asked, moving out of striking range. Rachel scowled but then shrugged.

"I can't believe your parents are cool with you being gone for Christmas," Rachel said, her eyes wide.

"Well, I'm not sure cool would be the appropriate word to use," I admitted.

Daniel sniffed the air and got to his feet. "Your mom's making snicker doodles. Later," he announced and was out the door before either of us could say a word. Rachel and I laughed.

"I would have thought he had beaten his snicker doodle addiction by now. It's really concerning. Maybe we need to stage an intervention," I snickered. Rachel shook her head.

"That's all he could talk about on the way over here. Those freaking snicker doodles. It's a sickness," Rachel mused, getting up and going to my jewelry box. I watched as she picked out a pair of gold hoops and put them on. "I'm taking these. You never wear them," she informed me.

I waved my hand in her direction. "Take them."

Rachel continued to sift through my jewelry and I just sat there, a bundle of nerves and overloaded anxiety.

"Are things still good with you and Daniel? I mean, they seem to be, but has going to college changed anything?" I asked. Rachel looked over her shoulder, her eyebrows knitted together.

"Things are great. We make sure not to spend every waking moment together. I have my friends and Daniel is rushing a fraternity. My class load is insane so it's not like we have a ton of time to be together. But that's probably for the best. I don't think being in each other's back pocket would be the right thing for us. Why do you ask?" She gave me a pointed look and I sighed, lying back on my bed, my hands folded under my head.

"I guess I'm just worried," I answered.

Rachel came over and moved my legs so she could sit down beside me. "About Daniel and me? Why?" she asked.

I stared up at the ceiling. "I'm not worried about you two. That was my less than subtle attempt at telling you I'm scared as hell that things will be different when I see Clay again. What if we've moved too far away from where we were before?"

Rachel patted my foot. "Well of course things will be different. I'd be more worried if they weren't," she said.

I rolled my head to look at my best friend. She rolled her eyes. "Mags, if I thought you were flying all that way to spend time with the Clay that we knew last year, I'd never let you go. I'd chain your ass to your bed and keep you here. He needed to change. Otherwise a relationship between the two of you would never work," she said as though it were the most obvious thing in the world.

"What if I don't know how to be with this Clay? What if I fly down there and we both realize that our time is over? That the people we are now don't fit together anymore? I don't know if I would be able to survive that." I sounded sad and more than a little pathetic but the fear in my gut was consuming.

"Look, I'm not expert on relationships but I do know that what you and Clay have is something special. And if it's meant to be, it will. Though I can't imagine two people who have fought so hard to be together allowing anything, least of all time and distance, to destroy what they have. But if for some reason things are different, then either you learn to be these new people together or you move on. Those really are your only options. So stop driving yourself crazy with scenarios that may not even happen," Rachel lectured.

"I'm not sure if that was helpful or not," I muttered just as Daniel came back into the bedroom with a plate full of cookies. When Rachel tried to take one, he pulled the plate out of her reach.

"These are mine, go get your own," he warned, stuffing his face.

Rachel looked at me. "Great boyfriend huh?" I laughed and allowed myself to be pulled to my feet. "Let's go raid the kitchen. Your mom gone has into Christmas cookie overload and since Mr. Stingypants isn't sharing, we had better get our share before there isn't anything left."

"Ma'am, the pilot has turned on the seatbelt sign. We're starting to descend," the flight attendant said, waking me from my fitful nap. I wiped my mouth, checking for drool and smiled in thanks.

Realizing I was so close to Clay had my heart racing in my chest. After boarding the plane two and a half hours ago, I had immediately fallen asleep. I had stayed up late last night with Rachel and Daniel after having our Christmas dinner and opening presents.

I knew that my parents were upset about not having me around for Christmas day but they had tried to hide it as best they could. They shocked the hell out of me by giving me a small wrapped gift before leaving me at the airport.

"This is for Clay, from your dad and me. It's not much. Just a little something," my mom had said, pressing the package into my hand before I went through security.

I blinked in surprise. "That's really sweet of you, Mom. I'll make sure he gets it," I had said, giving her a hug. Then I had turned to hug my dad.

"Call us when you get there and please call us on Christmas. And make sure you keep your phone on you at all times and pay attention to your purse. There are pickpockets everywhere," my mother rambled. This was hard for her. Perhaps even harder than leaving me at school. I was traveling, over a thousand miles away, on my own.

"I will. Stop worrying so much!" I insisted, still trapped in my parents' death grip.

When I was finally able to pull away, I gave them a reassuring smile. "Love you and thank you, for everything," I said, holding up Clay's gift.

My dad patted my cheek. "We love you too, Maggie May. We hope you and Clay have a wonderful Christmas," he said warmly. Then I had left them, feeling better than I had in a long time.

When the plane touched down on the runway and taxied into the gate, I was a ball of restless energy. My brief nap had energized me and I could barely contain my nervous excitement.

I had spoken to Clay last night and tried to surreptitiously ask about his schedule for today. With it being the day before Christmas, Clay hadn't planned to do much more than to stay at the house and wait for Ruby, who unbeknownst to him wouldn't be coming into town for another two days.

I couldn't get off the plane fast enough. I got my carry on out from the overhead compartment, almost smacking the guy who had been sat beside me in the face. Which would have been a nice case of karma, given that I totally caught him stealing my pretzels while he thought I was asleep.

Mr. Pretzel Stealer made an exasperated noise under his breath and shot me a look of perturbed annoyance that I barely noticed.

"Sorry," I muttered. I was way too fixated on my complex mixture of emotions to give it another though. Nerves and excitement warred against the overwhelming urge to freak the f**k out. Which was so ridiculous. This was Clay. And he was everything to me.

You would think after walking into the dark so many times for this boy, that making an impromptu visit to Florida in order to surprise him for Christmas should have been a walk in the park.

I wish I could sort out why this felt so monumental. Why my entire world seemed hinged on what would greet me forty-five minutes away.

After waiting for what felt like forever for my bag, I finally left the airport and walked out into Florida's warm December air.

I hailed a cab and gave him Clay's address. I sat in the back seat and stared out the window, my heart hammering in my chest and trickles of sweat, that had nothing to do with the heat, dripping down the back of my neck.

The cabbie tried to engage me in meaningless chitchat about the unseasonable warmth. Apparently this was the warmest Christmas on record. I nodded my head and feigned interest but my mind was definitely not on the weather.

My phone buzzed in my hand and I looked down to see a text from Clay.

Singed and burned I yearn for the warmth of your beloved ice.

I smiled as I texted him back.

Did you write that?

His response came a minute later.

Just a Japanese poem I know. You should read it sometime.

His words echoed those he had said the first time he had left me his first butterfly with similarly beautiful words written along the bottom. I grinned with the wave of bittersweet nostalgia. This came at just the right moment when I needed to be reminded that we loved each other beyond any obstacle. And that no matter what, this visit, my being here, it could only serve to reinforce something I already knew.

That Clay and I were in this forever.

Grinning I quickly responded, You sure do like those Japanese poets.

Clay replied with they say all the right things when my own words aren't enough.

I was trying really hard not to sob like a baby in the back of this poor guy's cab. He was already looking at me in the rearview mirror curiously as I started to sniffle loudly.

My text back was a simple heart. Anything more and I would be a mess.

"You alright back there?" the cabbie asked.

I nodded, giving him a watery smile before returning my attention to the palm trees and buildings whizzing by my window.

Twenty minutes later the cab stopped in front of a non-descript two story house. I peered out the window and was a bit taken aback. This looked so...normal. I hated to admit to myself that I expected something a lot more institutional. I wasn't expecting pretty potted plants and a porch swing.

The cab driver got my suitcase out of the trunk and handed it to me. I paid him and he wished me a Merry Christmas before pulling away, leaving me standing on the sidewalk, staring up at the house like some sort of idiot.

I walked up the steps, took a deep breath, and knocked on the door. And then I waited. And waited some more. And still no one answered.

Shit. What if no one was home? I'd feel like a complete ass if I had to text Clay to come and get me because I was stranded on his front porch.

I clenched my fist and banged on the door again, louder this time. I was just starting to think I had totally screwed up my big surprise when the door swung open.

The guy standing there looked at me with wide eyes that darted back and forth nervously. His white blond hair stood on end and his clothes were rumpled as though I had woken him up.

"What do you want?" he asked me shortly. I tried not to be offended by his rudeness. Clay had said that his roommates were pretty anti-social.

I plastered a smile on my face and held out my hand. "Hi, I'm Maggie Young, Clay's girlfriend. I'm here to see him. Nice to meet you."

The guy looked at my face, then my hand. He seemed suddenly panicked and backed away. "Uh, Clay's upstairs." He pointed to the staircase behind him. "Go that way," he said before turning his back to me as he fled into another room.

Okay then.

I pulled my suitcase inside and leaned it against the wall in what must be their living room. I was pleased to see that it was actually pretty nice. It was tastefully decorated and there was a small Christmas tree in the corner and lights hung around the doorways.

I didn't see anyone else but I could smell something cooking and saw a crockpot hooked up on the counter in the kitchen. This was a lot better than I had envisioned in my head and that made me feel so much better.

I walked up the stairs and I realized I had no idea which room was Clay's. I went left and peeked around the first door to find it was a bathroom. It was so obvious guys lived here. The bathroom was clean but messy with towels strewn on the floor and no toilet paper on the holder.

I knocked on the door just to the right of the bathroom. No one answered and when I looked inside, I saw that it was empty. I didn't recognize anything, so I could only assume it belonged to another roommate.

I went back down the hallway, toward music I recognized all too well. The door to the left was ajar and I slowly pushed it open. My heart immediately went into my throat.

Clay was hunched over his desk, his head bowed down. I could see a pile of crumpled paper beside him and he was furiously drawing on a piece of paper. He was completely lost in his own world. Seeing him like this was so familiar it brought tears to my eyes.

I looked around his room and couldn't help but grin as I took in the throw pillows on his small couch and the pictures I had suggested he buy to put on the wall. This space was lived in. It held small touches of Clay everywhere.

It was vastly different from his room at Ruby's. There, he had seemed to only be visiting. He had never allowed himself to settle, to get comfortable. Everything had been completely impersonal.

This room in so many ways represented the person Clay was becoming. It was warm and comfortable...and happy.

I leaned against the door jam and tucked my hands into my jeans pockets, a goofy smile on my face, content to watch him. I drank in the sight before me.

After a few minutes, as though sensing me behind him, Clay looked over his shoulder and froze. A myriad of expressions crossed his face. Shock and disbelief being the most prevalent until everything was washed away by a radiant and total joy.

He got to his feet so quickly, he knocked over his chair. "Oh my god, Maggie," he said, his voice rough and I could see his beautiful eyes glossing over.

We rushed toward each other, meeting in the middle of the room. Our arms went around each other, Clay's face burying into my hair, my face pressed into the hollow of his neck.

"You're here, you're really here," he whispered over and over again. My entire body shuddered and I couldn't speak, too overcome with the emotional overload of seeing him again after so long. I could only nod and cling to him as though my life were depending on it.

And this, being held by him, was the only place I ever wanted to be. I couldn't ask for a more perfect Christmas.

8

I couldn't believe this was real!

Maggie.

She was here, in my f**king arms. I thought I had progressed to full on visual delusions. I was questioning my recovering mental health for the whole thirty seconds it took for me to cross the room and touch her.

I could smell her.

Feel her.

She was here.

I pulled back and looked down into the most beautiful face I would ever see in my entire life and I thought I would split in half with f**king happiness. Joy like this didn't live inside of me very often. But when it did, there was only one person who could put it there.

And she was smiling up at me with tears in her gorgeous brown eyes.

"What the hell are you doing here?" I asked, shaking my head, completely undone by this moment.

Maggie raised her eyebrows and gave me a look. "Wow, you sure know what to say to the gal who traveled over a thousand miles on Christmas Eve to see your sorry ass," she teased, pinching my side.

I cupped her face in my hands. "I am so blown away right now, sorry if I suck and can't put into words what I'm feeling. I just can't believe you're here," I said softly.

Maggie's face softened and her lips stretch into a smile that tore me apart in the best way possible.

She wrapped her arms around my neck, her fingers slide into the hair at the base of my skull. She leaned up on her tiptoes so that her lips were just touching mine. Our noses brushed together. Her eyes sparkled as they looked into mine.

"Merry Christmas, Clay," she whispered.

"Merry Christmas, Maggie," I whisper back and then I tightened my arms around her waist and pulled her forward, pressing my mouth to hers. I groaned deep in my throat at the moment of impact. Her lips parted and my tongue danced inside.

Touching. Tasting. Devouring.

And just like that, I was home.

My hands swept up her back as I fit her body to mine. She tasted like peppermint and that indefinable thing that was all Maggie and made my gut twist and my dick instantly harden.

This thing between us had always been so much more than physical. It was emotional and spiritual. Passionate and f**king overwhelming. But the attraction that surged between us hadn't waned in the months we had been a part. If anything, it burned hotter and stronger than ever before.

Maggie tugged my shirt out of my shorts and pushed her hands up my stomach, scraping her nails along my skin. She moaned loud into my mouth and I had a faint recollection that we should probably slow down. There were reasons that this was not a good idea right now, but hell if I could remember why.

I pulled my mouth away from Maggie's and she tilted her head back as I ran my tongue along the column of her throat, dragging my teeth as I nipped at her skin. Maggie started to frantically unbutton my shirt, tugging it off my shoulders.

My fingers were on the button of her jeans when I heard a door slam downstairs and I instantly stilled. Shit. Shit. Shit.

I grabbed a hold of Maggie's hands as they started on the zipper of my shorts. "Baby, please. Just stop a second," I pleaded, sounding like I had run a damn mile.

Maggie pushed my hands away and resumed trying to get my zipper down. Her heated eyes met mine and she kissed me...hard. "We have waited seven months for this, Clay. How can you ask me to stop? Why would you want me to?" she asked and I hated to see the doubt and insecurity start to take the place of the desire on her face.

I grabbed her hands and brought them up to my mouth. I kissed her knuckles and then turned them over to kiss the soft skin of her open palms. I skimmed my nose along the wild heartbeat in her wrist, just below the dark ink of her tattoo.

"I want this, so much. But there are rules here. I can't...I can't do this here. Mags, I'm so sorry, but I could get thrown out. We're not allowed overnight guests. But maybe I can call Roberta...tell her what's going on. Fuck, maybe she'll have half a heart and give me some slack," I rambled.

Maggie was here. Finally. After all this time and I would be damned if she would sleep anywhere but next to me.

Maggie squeezed my hands. "Stop stressing, Clay. You know me, I plan everything. I've got a room for us. We're spending Christmas together, I promise," she said, grinning.

I grinned back, wrapping my arms back around her waist and lifted her up, swinging her around. "I love you so f**king much, Maggie May Young," I declared, kissing her soundly before setting her feet back down on the floor.

And then a thought hit me. "Wait, Ruby's coming into town tonight. She's coming here and we're going out to dinner. I can't ditch her," I explained, feeling my bubble burst a bit. It's not that I didn't want to see my aunt, but the thought of sharing my time with Maggie with anyone, even Ruby, was intolerable.

Maggie laid her check against my chest, right over my heart. "I've spoken with Ruby already. She's planning to come up the day after Christmas. She wanted to give us time to be together. Just us. So it's you and me, baby. Our first Christmas together."

I couldn't help it, I started crying. No, not in a bitch way. It was silent and understated, but yeah, I was crying.

I couldn't help but think about last Christmas. That had been one of the bleakest times of my life. I was in lockdown at Grayson's. I had only been away from Maggie for a few weeks after trying to kill myself. I was angry and depressed and hadn't been able to see a way out of the hell I had created.

I had ended up on a twenty-four hour suicide watch that Christmas Eve after slicing open my wrist with a fork during breakfast. I remembered all too well the way it had felt to dig the tine into my skin.

But cutting didn't hold the appeal it used to. It had been months since I had felt the compulsion to hurt myself. And now, holding my girl in my arms, the need was non-existent.

I was healing. Just as I had promised her I would.

Maggie pulled away and ran her fingers down my cheek. "Pack a bag, let's get out of here," she urged.

I did as I was asked, grinning like a fool the entire time.

"Did your parents give you money for all this?" I asked Maggie after we had checked in and brought our bags to the room. She had gone for the king suite, which was pretty nice.

Maggie was already digging through her suitcase, pulling bags and boxes out. She shook her head. "I took a job at a restaurant by school. I've been saving up for months," she said offhandedly and I was floored. She had been planning this for a while.

As if reading my mind, Maggie looked over her shoulder, her hair, which had grown out and now hung to the middle of her back, fell around her face. "It was really hard not to tell you what I was planning. You know I suck at keeping secrets."

I snorted. "Yeah, you are. I have to say I'm impressed," I teased. Maggie rolled her eyes and started to pull things out of bags. I came up behind her and pressed my front against her back. Now that we were alone, I was going into full guy mode.

I leaned down and kissed the back of her neck and was satisfied by the way she shivered. I looked down at what she was doing and chuckled.

"How in the hell did you get all that in your suitcase? It looks like you packed half of Target in there." And it was true. Maggie had brought with her a tiny decorated Christmas Tree, two stockings, a snowman that lit up with fiber optic lights, two boxes of candy canes, and a canister of cookies.

"We're doing this holiday thing the right way, Clayton Reed. So roll with it," she warned, picking up the tree and walking over to the coffee table. She plugged it into the wall and smiled when it lit up.

I lay back on the bed and watched as she set up our Christmas decorations, hanging the stockings from the TV stand and stringing more lights around the window.

When she was finished, she went back to her bag and pulled out a bunch of wrapped gifts and placed them under the tree. It was then that I started to panic. I had sent her gift to Virginia over two weeks ago. Crap! What if she hadn't gotten it yet? Then I'd be the shittiest boyfriend in the world of shitty boyfriends. Making an excuse to sneak out to get her a quick present wouldn't fly.

"Stop the meltdown, Clay, I brought the one you sent me," Maggie said, giving me a wry look. I laughed.

"Was it that obvious?" I asked, holding my hand out to her after she situated the gifts and had come back to the bed. She wrapped her fingers around mine and I gave her a tug, pulling her down onto the bed with me. I noticed the sucky wrapping job of the present I had sent her.

That gift had taken a lot of time to put together. It would have gutted me if she hadn't been able to open it on Christmas.

"Like a neon sign, Clay. You wear your freak out on your sleeve, babe," she joked, nudging me with her elbow.

I squeezed her into my side, her head fitting under my chin. "Thank you for doing this, Maggie. I can't believe it. I've wished for this for so long, I keep thinking it's a big, crazy delusion and I've finally tipped the scales to full blown psychosis," I said, breathing in the scent of her shampoo as I pressed my nose into her hair.

"I couldn't stand the thought of not being together for Christmas. The distance was killing me, Clay. I knew this would be hard, but..."

"We had no idea how hard it would actually be," I finished for her. Maggie folded her hands under her chin on my chest and looked up at me, her brown eyes serious.

"I've been so worried," she admitted and I frowned. Had I given her a reason to think I wasn't doing okay?

"I've been fine, Mags. I swear it. Every day is a challenge, but they're getting easier. I promise," I assure her, wanting to erase her fears.

Maggie shook her head and looked away. "I wasn't worried about that," she murmured.

Now I was confused.

I tucked my fingers under her chin and pulled her face around to look at me. "What was worrying you then? If it wasn't about me relapsing, what was it?" I asked.

Maggie sighed and didn't say anything. The silence stretched between us and I was starting to feel a tension that I didn't like between us.

"Maggie, please, just tell me."

I was shocked to see the tears fill her eyes and spill over. What the hell? I wiped the wetness away with my thumbs and pulled her up so I could kiss her mouth. I needed to take this away. Her sadness, her anxiety. I couldn't figure out where it was coming from.

"I thought you'd get better and move on, Clay. I've been scared to death I'd lose you," she sobbed and buried her face into my shirt.

You could have knocked me over with a f**king feather. Had she completely lost her mind? How could she ever think I'd move on from her? She was my entire world. My entire reason for trying so damn hard. Without Maggie May Young, there was no Clayton Reed.

"Maggie, look at me," I said softly as she continued to cry into my chest.

I sat up and held her away from me, even though all I wanted was to hold her. But I needed her to look at me when I said what I had to say.

"Maggie, damn it, look at me," I said harshly, feeling a little out of control with this whole situation. The fact that she could even for one second think that was too much. I couldn't stomach the thought of her feeling pain over something so completely ridiculous.

Maggie finally looked at me, her eyes red and puffy. I kissed her mouth, her eyes, her cheeks. I rubbed my nose with hers and clasped my hands around the back of her neck.

"Mags, I'm in this forever. You are my future, my always. How could you ever think that? Everything I'm doing here is to make a life with you. Sure I'm learning to live for myself too, but there's nothing without you. It's what gets me out of bed in the morning. You are what keeps me going through the day and your face is what I see when I go to sleep at night. If there is one thing in this messed up universe you can count on, it's my love for you. It's constant. It's endless. And it's never going anywhere," I swear.

Maggie is crying even harder now and this is not how I wanted our time together to be. I didn't want us sitting in a hotel room while Maggie cried.

"You've just been so distant since I went to school. Being away from you is so hard, Clay. I start to imagine things and think things that drive me nuts." I laughed and Maggie glared at me.

I hold up my hands. "Sorry, I'm not laughing at you. It's just, I've been trying not to be an over the top jealous boyfriend. The first time I saw those guys in your room I wanted to fly up there and beat the shit out of them. Every time I think of you living your life without me, I start to think that maybe you'll leave me. That you'll realize that what we have is too hard. Too complicated. Not being able to hold you every day is the worst kind of torture. It's all I can do not to lose it some days." Maggie starts to look panicked again but I silence her with a kiss.

"But then I remember why I'm fighting so hard to begin with. For you. For me. For what we are building together. And then I can get through the day." Maggie had finally stopped crying and she was smiling. Just a tiny grin but it was there all the same. I placed her palm over my heart.

"I told you once that this was yours. There's no giving it back. Even if you decided you didn't want it anymore, it would still only ever belong to you," I said. I knew with a certainty, soul deep, that our love was more than a moment.

It was a lifetime.

9

"Wake up, Mags. It's Christmas," Clay whispered in my ear, nuzzling my neck with his lips. I burrowed down into the covers and grumbled. I was not a morning person and I was even less a morning person when I had only been asleep for what felt like a few hours.

Even if the reason for my lack of sleep was kissing the skin below my ear, sending pulsating waves of warmth throughout my body.

After my crazy cry-fest last night, we had decided to get out of the hotel for a while. We went and saw a showing of Ernest Saves Christmas at the dollar theater a few blocks away. We had eaten our weight in junk food and laughed like little kids the whole time.

Afterwards, Clay decided he wanted to go to the Sea World Christmas Celebration. I had wrinkled my nose at the idea but he was persistent. So we ended up paying for overpriced tickets and sitting through cheesy Christmas carols and fake snow falling into the stands.

It was completely over the top and so not my thing, but Clay seemed to be having a great time so I set aside my sarcasm and enjoyed it for what it was.

By the time the show was finished it was getting dark, so we went to get some dinner and then drove around looking at Christmas lights. We stopped to get some hot chocolate, which was a little unnecessary given that it was still eighty degrees at ten o'clock at night, but Clay was insistent.

He was boyishly embracing all things Christmas and I couldn't remember a time I had seen him so excited and exuberant. By the time we got back to the room, we were exhausted.

Though not so exhausted that we were willing to waste the time we had together. We were frenzied and almost frantic as we removed each other's clothing. We were a blur of tongues and teeth. Nails scraping, hands grasping.

Clay had laid me down on the bed and braced himself over me as he pressed his hips against mine. After the desperation we had experienced in getting ourselves to that point, it was with heart shattering tenderness that Clay pushed inside me, filling me completely.

We had made love with an aching gentleness that brought tears to both of our eyes. We stayed up most of the night, talking, touching, loving until we had fallen asleep exhausted yet deliriously happy.

"Please, Maggie. Wake up," Clay nipped at my ear, tracing his tongue down the side of my neck, making me shiver. I rolled onto my back and looked up at my boyfriend, who was wearing a contagious grin.

He settled himself over top of me and softly kissed my temple, nuzzling my hair with his nose. "Merry Christmas, baby," he said, his breath causing gooseflesh to break out over my skin.

"Merry Christmas," I replied, wrapping my legs around his waist, very aware of the fact that we hadn't bothered to get dressed before passing out.

Without preamble, Clay sank inside me slowly and deliberately. I arched my back, groaning deep and low. As we started to move our bodies together, Clay whispered, "Best Christmas ever."

I chuckled but then my laughter changed to moans as our movements became frenzied and rough.

When were sated, laying tangled up in each other, Clay's hands drifting lazily up and down my naked back, my phone started to ring.

"That can only be my parents or Rachel. No one else has such impeccable timing," I muttered, reaching over to the nightstand to grab my phone.

I pulled away from Clay so I could answer it. "Merry Christmas!" I said brightly into the phone.

"Merry Christmas, Maggie May!" my mom and dad replied in unison.

"Thanks," I said, looking over at Clay who was lying on his side, his head cushioned by his arm, watching me with a peaceful smile on his lips. I couldn't remember the last time he had looked so content and it made my heart stutter in my chest.

"We hope you have a wonderful day. We just wanted to tell you that we love you and miss you," my mom said.

"I love you too," I replied.

"Can we speak to Clay for a moment?" my father asked, taking me by surprise.

"Uh..." I started, not sure if this was such a great idea. Even though my parents had come around and were much more supportive of Clay and our relationship than they had been in the beginning, I was never entirely sure how their interactions were going to be.

"We'd just like to wish him a Merry Christmas," my mother assured me. I handed the phone to Clay, who sat up and looked confused.

"They want to wish you a Merry Christmas," I said, shrugging.

Clay took the phone and held it to his ear and I had to hold in my laughter. He looked petrified to talk to my parents. It probably had everything to do with the fact that he had to speak to them only moments after our morning sexathon.

I bit my lip and hid my smile.

"Hello Mr. and Mrs. Young." Clay was silent for a moment and then his eyes slid to mine and he relaxed.

"Thank you so much. Merry Christmas to you too. I know. I'm a very lucky man. I will. I promise." Clay hung up the phone and handed it back to me.

"You have some pretty great parents," Clay said, reaching out for me and pulled me close. I snuggled into his chest and wrapped my arms around his waist.

"Come on, let's open presents and then go out to get some breakfast," Clay said, getting off the bed and going over to turn on the Christmas tree lights. He witched on the TV and found a station showing an endless loop of a burning Yule log while playing classic Christmas music.

Clay was like...well...a kid on Christmas. He sat cross-legged on the floor and I sank down beside him. I picked up the small gift to Clay from my parents and handed it to him. He read the tag and smiled before opening it.

"Damn," Clay said pulling out a really nice wristwatch with black, leather straps and a trendy, modern face. I knew that particular brand cost over a hundred dollars. I was more than a little surprised that they had spent that much on him, though honestly, I shouldn't have been. My parents were generous to a fault.

Clay opened the case and pulled it out, strapping it around his wrist. "This is too much. These things aren't cheap," he said, setting the time and admiring it on his arm.

"And you thought they didn't like you," I teased. Clay's smile was shy but pleased. He reached under the tree and picked up the package he had sent to Virginia. He held it out for me to take, looking anxious.

I shook it but it didn't make a sound. I made a show of weighing it in my hands. "Well, it's not bigger than a bread box. It's kind of heavy. What is it?" I asked giddily. Clay ran a hand through his dark hair and started to pick at the strap of his new watch, a sure sign he was feeling nervous.

I ripped off the paper and stared down at a thick cloth bound book. There was an engraving on a small plaque across the front that read, The Story of Us.

I looked up at Clay and he was gnawing on his bottom lip but his nervousness was being replaced by a look I recognized all too well. Total and complete love.

I opened the front page and saw a short dedication:

Our story has just started. This was only the beginning.

I turned the page and saw a beautifully drawn picture of a boy and a girl standing on a sidewalk in front of what I recognized as Jackson High School. There was a cellphone at the girl's feet and papers scattered everywhere. Both of them looked annoyed but there's a smile on the boy's face as he looked at the girl with dark brown hair and irritated scowl.

Of course I knew who they were. This was us. The first time we had met. Clay had written along the bottom: Today I learned to believe in love at first sight.

I flipped through the pages and everything was there. Me standing up to Paul Dewlader in the lunchroom. Us having coffee while I grilled him about his past.

When I opened to the day we had gone to the swimming hole I grinned at the drawing of a girl and boy just starting to fall in love. Clay had written: Today I made you realize that normal just might be perfect. And I remembered him telling me how much he had wanted my kind of normalcy and that is when I knew there was so much more to him than I had thought.

My throat closed up when I saw the dark lines of his drawing depicting himself lying on the floor with me wrapped around him. His words today you saw the side of me I wish you would never know brought tears to my eyes. I wiped them away and looked up at him. Clay's eyes were wet too.

I continued to look through the book, remembering every detail of our relationship. The beautiful like the Fall Formal. And then the two of us studying at my house while my parents were at work. The graceful lines depicting the very first time we said I love you. Of course there was Lisa's cabin and Clay giving me my butterfly necklace.

And there was the ugly. A picture of my down turned face, tears falling to the ground. Shattered glass at my feet. The words, today I lost everything, broke my heart all over again.

"Keep reading," Clay whispered, his voice thick with emotion.

I scrubbed at my face and turned the page to see a drawing of Clay and Ruby. Words I remembered writing, flowed over the top of the page. It was from the scrapbook I had put together for Clay after he had left Davidson. The scrapbook I had taken to Ruby to give him on his birthday.

Below the picture, Clay had written: Today I was given hope.

It was then that I had to put the book down. I was overwhelmed with the enormity of this gift. Clay leaned forward and cupped my face in his hands.

"Did I screw up? If it's too much, I totally understand. I know I can be a bit on the intense side." I laughed at his too true statement.

Clay kissed my lips. "I just wanted to show you that every moment has mattered. That every tiny second has changed me. You have changed me, Maggie. You've given me something I had never dared to dream for myself. A future. Hope. Love. I can't even begin to put into words what your gifts have done for me. All I can do is cherish and adore you every day for the rest of my life."

"Sheesh, Clay. How can I compete with this?" I ask, holding up the book. "My gift is seriously lame in comparison." I gave him a watery smile that Clay returned.

"I like lame," Clay grinned and I punched his arm playfully. I grabbed Clay's gifts and handed him the first one. Clay unwrapped a world atlas.

"Cool..." he said, turning it over in his hands. Noticing a few tabs at the top, he opened them to the pages they marked. One was a map of France. Another Egypt. The last one showed Peru.

"These are places we've talked about wanting to go. I figured we could start planning a few trips. You know for the time when we can go together," I hurried. I had gotten the book with the idea that it showed Clay I had plans for us that went beyond today, tomorrow, or next year. I wanted him to know that I wanted to see the world with him. That every new experience in my life would involve him in some way.

"I love it," Clay said, his voice breaking and I knew he got what I was trying to say. He grabbed the back of my neck and pulled me forward, crushing his lips to mine. I broke away after a few minutes, completely breathless.

"Well, hell, if that's what I get for an atlas, check out the rest of your gifts," I teased. Clay unwrapped a new art set and a super swank I-Pod filled with all the music I knew he loved.

I left him to his presents and went to the bathroom to get a shower. When I came back out, I found that Clay had opened his new art set and was bent over the book he had given me, drawing.

He looked up as I approached and I saw what he was doing. He had drawn a new picture at the back of our story. This one showed the two of us, sitting together in front of our small Christmas tree. He had written at the bottom: Today I was given the greatest gift of all...you.

"You are such a mush ball," I teased, leaning down to kiss his mouth. Clay grinned underneath my lips.

"You love it," he said, smiling.

I kissed him soundly before replying, "No, I love you. For forever."

Spending time with Clay at Christmas did everything I hoped it would. I made the journey to Florida feeling apprehensive and unsure. Clay and I had been struggling to solidify our relationship even as we fought to overcome all of the insecurity and mistrust that had defined our past.

Clay was waging a war against the demons inside of him as I was trying to build a life for myself over a thousand miles away.

But that's not the chapter we were living. We weren't at the end of our happily ever after...yet. We still had the growing and learning left to do.

And seeing him for those few days restored everything that I knew to be true about us. We were a boy and a girl who loved each other past all reason, past all logic, and to the point that we could over look just about anything to be together.

We were each doing what was needed to make sure that when the day came and we could finally walk side by side into that future we wanted, we were doing it as the best people we could be.

We would still feel the doubts, the conflict over our decisions. But they were only bumps in the road, not the defining path we were taking.

Three days later, as I sat on the plane that would take me back to Virginia, I didn't feel the painful, scary knot in my stomach. I held the book Clay had given me in my lap and I didn't worry whether the man I loved was walking farther and farther away from me. I knew that this was it...for both of us.

This was our story.

And one way or another we'd get our happy ending.

Epilogue

Ruby straightened my collar and smoothed the lapels of my jacket. This was taking a lot longer than necessary, mostly due to my aunt's frequent tears and sniffling.

"You look so handsome," Ruby said, blowing her nose for the millionth time. I grinned over her head at Daniel, who was trying to fix his bowtie.

"What about me, Ruby? Tell me I'm handsome," Daniel whined. Ruby chuckled and turned her attention to Daniel, leaving me to finish getting myself ready with a lot less snot.

I mouthed "thank you" across the room as Ruby went about straightening his best man attire.

"You both look wonderful. But you already knew that," Ruby patted Daniel's cheek and he gave her a toothy grin.

The door to the room where we were getting ready flew open, followed by a blur of dark brown curls and a frantic Rachel not far behind.

"Poppy, get back here!" Rachel grabbed her and Daniel's two-year-old daughter around the waist and hoisted her up onto her hip. Maggie's best friend was in an obvious state of panic. She was wearing a green dress that was still unzipped in the back and her hair was up in curlers.

Rachel looked at me and smiled sheepishly. "Sorry about busting in here like this, but Pops wanted to see her daddy," Rachel explained handing the squirming little girl over to Daniel.

"She ran down the hallway like she was busting out of prison. She's fast for a toddler," Rachel wheezed, trying to get her breath.

Ruby started cooing and talking gibberish to Poppy, while the dark haired escapee giggled. Daniel blew a raspberry on the side of his daughter's neck and her giggles morphed into near hysterics.

Rachel gave me a once over. "Not bad, Reed. You clean up real good." She gave me a wink.

I put a hand on my chin and struck a pose. "GQ ain't got nothin' on me," I joked. Rachel rolled her eyes.

"Are you okay with Poppy staying in here for a while? I still have to finish getting ready and Maggie's a mess. Her mom is trying to do her hair and god knows if they're both still breathing. I have to get back there and run interference," Rachel said and my heart thudded in my chest.

In less than an hour, on this warm April day, I'd be marrying the love of my life. There were many times over the years that I thought this would never happen. I had doubted that the road would ever lead to this point. Even after Maggie agreed to be my wife, I still lived my life, waiting for the other shoe to drop.

Surely she'd wake up one morning and realize she was better off without me. That the daily burden of being loved by me would prove too much.

Even as we secured a future for ourselves, I had an underlying obsessive fear that it would all come crashing down around me. That this world Maggie had given me would be taken away in an instant.

There were nights I'd wake up in a cold sweat, pulled out of nightmares where I was back at Grayson's and I was never getting out. My therapist insisted they were anxiety dreams. He reassured me I was doing well. My meds continued to work the way they were supposed to. I diligently followed my outpatient care, which I refused to let up on all these years later.

The closer the wedding came, the stronger the anxiety. I had almost convinced myself that something would happen and Maggie would call the whole thing off. Would I ever be able to enjoy my happiness without waiting for the ceiling to cave in?

Probably not. Every day was a learning experience. Every day was a lesson in celebrating small successes. And while I didn't think I'd ever be that guy again, the person who had self-destructed and almost taken everyone else down with him; I still saw the shadow of him in the mirror. A constant reminder of what I had almost lost but also of what I had gained.

I couldn't think back on the last decade without being thankful for the miracles that I had been given. Maggie, Ruby, our friends, this chance to have the life I had always wanted.

I was set to graduate with my Masters in art therapy in May. I had already secured a job at a non-profit program in Washington D.C. for children with mental health issues. Maggie had decided to go back to school at night to get her Masters in education and hoped to be a school administrator. She still taught high school and there were days we didn't see each other until darkness claimed us in exhaustion.

But we woke up together each and every morning. And that is what mattered.

There was a knock at the door and Oscar, my old roommate from Rose Heights, poked his head inside. He looked uncomfortable in his suit and tie but he seemed to take his role as usher very seriously. We had stayed in touch all these years and when he had moved to Maryland to work as a computer programmer for a development company, Maggie and I made it a point to see him regularly. He, Tyler and Maria, who were all in attendance today, were my only friends that I kept in contact with from my years in Florida.

I know it should be surprising that Maria would be at my wedding but she too had come a long way from the girl she had been. And when she had met her boyfriend, James, last year and had moved in with him, I knew she would be all right. I had learned from our periodic conversations over the years that she relapsed several times and was still struggling with living outside of treatment. But she was getting there.

And in the end, isn't that all any of us could hope for?

"I was told to come up to get you. The minister's here," Oscar said, giving all of us an awkward smile.

My hands went clammy and my mouth was dry. This was it. The day I had been waiting my whole life for.

"Let's get down there, man," Daniel said, clasping my shoulder while Poppy tried to poke my eye. I grabbed her finger and pretended to bite it. She squealed and snatched her hand away.

"No, Uncle Clay," she pouted, giving me a stern look.

I smiled at the tiny terror, knowing I was firmly under her little finger.

"Come on, let's get our wedding on," Danny joked, tucking his daughter into his side. I took a deep breath and headed for the door.

Ruby caught my hand before I went into the hallway. "Lisa would be so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. You're the son of my heart. I love you very much," she said with a watery smile.

I hugged my aunt and thanked the universe for giving me this woman to love me when my parents hadn't. I had, in a moment of weakness, sent my mother and father a wedding invitation. I was never given a response and for the first time it hadn't destroyed a small piece of my heart. It bothered me that they didn't have the capacity to love me. I'm sure, in a way, it always would. But it no longer defined my life.

And that's because I knew what love really looked like. Ruby, Lisa, and Maggie had made sure I was given it in spades. And that love sustained me.

"I love you too, Ruby," I replied, giving her a final squeeze before letting go.

We walked down the familiar hallway of Maggie's parents' home. Down the stairs and toward the backyard. The house had been transformed with flowers and decorations. Outside in the yard, there were people in the rows of chairs that had been set up for the occasion. At the back of the garden was a gazebo where Mr. Young spoke with Reverend Miles, the man who would officiate the ceremony.

There were no more than fifty people there, but that's how Maggie and I had wanted it. I felt a tug on my pants leg and looked down at Rachel and Daniel's daughter who stood with her arms outstretched for me to pick her up.

Grinning, I reached down and lifted her into my arms. Poppy's little brown head rested on my shoulder and Daniel rolled his eyes. "She'll never get used to walking anywhere with you and Maggie around. You spoil her rotten," he joked, not meaning a word he said. Daniel Lowe doted on his daughter and wife in a way that was amazing to see.

"You and Maggie need to pop out a few, give this little diva some competition," Daniel teased, running his hand over his daughter's head.

"My hair!" Poppy yelled, swatting her dad's hand. Daniel and I laughed.

"She's her mother's girl, that's for sure," Daniel said, chuckling as I handed the little girl back to her father.

I spoke with Tyler, Maria, and her boyfriend before heading to the gazebo. I tried to still my restless energy as I spoke with the minister and Daniel while we waited for the ceremony to start.

But I was ready to get things started. I wasn't sure I could wait another moment to make Maggie my wife.

Then it was time. Everyone took their places and the music started. And it was then that I felt my heart fly out of my chest.

I watched as Maggie May Young, the girl who had stolen my soul on the sidewalk in front of our high school all those years ago, came walking into the backyard on the arm of her father.

She didn't wear a veil so nothing obstructed my view of the face I adored above all others. Her brown eyes were wet and I smiled so wide I thought my face would split in half.

When Mr. Young put her hand in mine and I looked at the woman who would be my wife, I knew we had come full circle. I leaned down and brushed a kiss underneath her ear.

"Are you ready?" I asked in a whisper, knowing the answer as her eyes shone brilliantly up at me. I noticed that she wore the butterfly necklace I had given her when we were still kids trying to figure out the messy world we had been thrown into.

She was my butterfly.

My warmth in the ice.

The reason my heart beat in my chest.

"I was ready the first time I saw you," she said softly, lacing her fingers with mine.

I lifted our joined hands to my lips and gently kissed her knuckles. We stood together, in the light of a perfect April afternoon, saying our vows of forever in front of the people we loved.

And finally, after all this time, the darkness was behind us.

THE END

