Prologue

-Ellie-

I am an ugly person.

I do ugly things.

I think ugly thoughts.

You will hate me.

You will detest the choices that I have made.

You won't understand me at all.

You may feel some sympathy. A shred of sadness for the woman I've become. It's hard not to feel bad for the person who has fallen so far.

But you will love him.

It's hard not to.

He is everything that I'm not.

He is good. He is kind. He cares for others deeply and absolutely.

He is talented. He is shy. He is smart in ways I can only dream of.

He loves with all of his heart.

He believes when I refute. He succeeds when I fail. He blooms when I shrivel up and die.

Why does a man like this want a woman like me?

It's blasphemous. Improbable. Completely wrong.

But he does.

He sees the beauty where others don't. He hears love when others only hear pain. He gives me the strength to become the person I've been terrified to be.

You will hate me.

You will love him.

I love him.

He has changed my world.

1

-Ellie-

I handed the yellow slip of paper to the bored looking girl behind the counter. "Box number 113," I said impatiently. The girl didn't bother to make eye contact as she took the slip from me and turned her back after closing her mouth on a yawn.

She came back a minute later with a small brown box and handed it to me. I took it without a thank you. Manners weren't my thing. Squeezing my package in my hands I hurried out of the post office. I felt a thrill of excitement as I crossed the street and let myself into my tiny ground floor apartment.

The sad state of neglect I lived in didn't register. It never did. The stale air smelled sour but it didn't bother me. The giant hole in the ceiling where the plaster was missing didn't matter. I quickly went into my bedroom and shut the door. I made my way to my dresser and laid the box down.

With eager fingers I ripped it open, pulling out tissue paper and dropping it on the floor. My hands practically shook as I reached inside and pulled the small, perfectly detailed replica of the Taj Mahal. I held it in my palm and gently touched it, amazed and totally in awe of the craftsmanship that went into creating such a perfect piece of art.

Carefully I placed the figurine in its place amongst the others of similar size and quality. I admired my new edition, sat there beside the Eiffel Tower and Big Ben. There was the Sphinx and the Sydney Opera House. The Kremlin and Christ the Redeemer. They were beautiful and my one allowed sentimental indulgence.

Now that I had added the new purchase to my collection, I swiftly left my room and shut the door. Closing my excitement and momentary feelings of joy inside. Locked away where they belonged.

Not bothering to change, I went to work, walking three blocks to the run down convenience store where I spent forty hours a week. Jeb, the owner, had new metal bars installed over the windows just last week and already it looked as though someone had taken a hacksaw to them.

People in this town had no shame. They had no respect for other's property. Little care and attention had been given to the blocks of buildings housing storefronts and apartments.

The town of Wellsburg, West Virginia was dying a slow and painful death. And I was trapped inside. This ship would be taking me down with it.

I walked through the door of JAC's Quick Stop, the bell sounding out like a tortured cow above me. It was empty. It was always empty. I wasn't sure why Jeb bothered to hire anyone to begin with. Customers were like good taste in this godforsaken part of the world, non-existent.

JAC's Quick Stop was a mouthful, so the locals had shortened it to JAC's. Jeb had originally named the store for his floozy ex-wife, Jemma Anne Crawford, who had left him over two years ago for the pimply faced pizza delivery guy twenty years her junior. It had been quite the scandal, but the gossip had eventually fizzled out under the weight of real life, which wasn't as exciting but a lot more depressing.

Wellsburg sat in a tiny pocket of land in the Appalachian Mountains. We weren't a bunch of mountain folk that slept with our cousins and kept chickens in the house, but it was a place where hope disappeared.

It had been founded for the coal miners and their families and had at one time been alive and thriving. But that was before the Black River coalmines had collapsed in a horrific accident twenty-five years ago. Over fifty men had been killed and the company operating the mine had sunk under the heaviness of public disapproval and official investigations into the safety of their operation.

People began to move away from Wellsburg and those that had stayed behind were the ones with nowhere else to go.

It made sense that the small town was still my home. It was the perfect place for a girl with no plan. No future. No one that really gave a damn.

But I wasn't lonely or bitter. I had stopped feeling sorry for myself by the time I had entered my third foster home at the age of seven. The tears had dried up. Emotions packed away. The need to survive at all costs taking their place.

So here I was, twenty-two years old, working shitty hours at a dead end job, and living with a grim acceptance of my fate.

I hung up my jacket and purse on the hook behind the cash register. I didn't greet the young boy who sat on the stool behind the counter. He gave me a nervous smile before vacating his seat, leaving it for me to occupy.

"Hi, Ellie," he said, his voice cracking.

"Hi Steve," I answered back. He blinked at me in surprise, perhaps because I said hi, or maybe because I remembered his name. It wasn't something I typically bothered to do. But I was feeling a little nicer than normal after receiving my package.

"I'm clocking out now that you're here. See you later?" Steve posed the statement as a question. Was he expecting an answer? Why would he see me later? It was a stupid thing to ask. But sixteen-year-olds weren't known for their brilliance.

I didn't say anything. I hopped up on the stool; pulled out the magazine I had left under the counter yesterday and popped a stick of Juicy Fruit into my mouth.

"Okay...see ya," Steve said, a last ditch effort for my attention. I ignored him.

He finally left and I was alone in the empty store.

After a few minutes, boredom started to kick in and I began to wander the aisles, alphabetizing soup cans and making crazy designs with the boxes of pasta. That occupied about twenty minutes of my time.

Six more hours to go.

I grabbed a soda and a bag of pretzels and returned to my station behind the counter. I watched the security monitor from the camera trained on the alleyway behind the building.

It amused me how many dumb asses didn't realize a camera was there. It was better than reality television. I filled my mouth with pretzels and watched as a guy and a girl started getting it on by the dumpsters.

I could think of better places to have sex than beside rotting garbage, but to each their own. It was a good thing there wasn't sound, because it would have gotten down right p**n ographic.

I turned away from the screen and started flipping through my magazine again. I pulled out a leaflet I had stashed in the back and smoothed out the creases.

Black River Community College was emblazoned on the front in a fancy, swirly font. The brochure was shiny, with bright colors, and pretty photographs meant to catch the eye. Smiling students on manicured lawns under a sunny sky.

It was all a bunch of bullshit. I had been over to the BRCC campus several times, mostly out of curiosity, and it looked nothing like the glossy pictures in front of me. It was pretty, don't get me wrong, but it was a far cry from the perfection they were trying to peddle.

I had picked up the pamphlet from where it had been displayed at the free clinic. I had given my friend, Dania, a ride for her monthly prenatal checkup. It had been sitting there, lost in the pile of information about healthy eating and STDs.

But I found it anyway. And then my mind wouldn't stop thinking about the pages full of minute details. The website address. The phone number. Just a mouse click away from a whole new life.

The thought of college was appealing. I had never let myself think about it before. I hadn't even been able to graduate from high school. I had earned my GED while wasting away in Juvenile Detention until I was eighteen.

A girl with a rap sheet and no prospects was not exactly bright, shiny future material.

But I had allowed myself to pick up the brochure and slip it into my purse. And there it had stayed, burning a hole in my subconscious.

Until a few days later I had caved to my delusional thinking and made a phone call that could very well change the trajectory of my world. I had set up an appointment to go down to the college and talk about my options. After I had hung up I had felt sick, convinced that I had made a horrific mistake.

Because now my mind was occupied with possibilities.

If I wasn't careful, I just might make myself start thinking that I had a chance. And that was a scary sort of insanity for a girl like me.

The bell droned miserably as the door swung open. I heard a tittering laugh and a guy's unintelligible whispers.

"I knew you'd be here." I looked up to see the two people who had been f**king like rabbits in the alleyway only moments before. My best friend Dania Blevins, wearing a tight belly shirt that exposed her growing baby bump, was wrapped around a random guy I only vaguely recognized as a regular at our regular hangout, The Woolly Mammoth Bar and Grill, a few streets over.

Dania picked up a few bags of chips and shoved them into her bag. "Take whatever," she said to the guy, who swiped a chocolate bar and a pack of gum, which he looked like he desperately needed.

"You gonna pay for that?" I asked, knowing it was useless to ask.

"Ells, you are the funniest chick I know," she chortled, opening the freezer and pulling out a Creamsicle.

I took the ice cream wrapper from her outstretched hand and threw it in the waste bin behind me. I would have to remember to put some money in the register to cover her sticky fingers before closing up tonight.

"Craig and I are heading down to Woolly's. You wanna meet us there when you're done?" Dania asked, slurping on her ice cream and giving Craig a lascivious look.

I shrugged, not wanting to admit that I couldn't stomach another night watching her knock back shots of Jaeger, while she rested her hand on her swollen stomach. She was four months pregnant. She knew she was having a little boy. But it didn't change her lifestyle one bit.

Sure the pregnancy had been an accident, caused by Dania's promiscuity and lack of family planning, but that didn't excuse her selfishness. She joked that she had been raised Catholic and subscribed to the pull out method as a form of birth control.

Obviously that had worked out really well for her.

So now she was twenty-two years old, set to give birth in five months, and still smoking like a chimney and drinking like a fish. And if I tried to say anything, she'd chew me a new ass**le. And she did it in a way that was vicious and cruel and usually very, very public.

But Dania was my oldest friend. We had been in the same foster home for two year before I had gone to juvie.

We had hated each other on sight. But that had ended when we realized that protecting each other from our pervy foster dad was more important than any dislike we had shared.

It was a friendship born out of survival. One that had been necessary rather than a natural bond formed by people who genuinely liked each other. Our friendship became like a bad case of herpes. It was uncomfortable, sometimes it made you sick, but it never went away.

Dania was a loud mouthed, overly dramatic bitch with serious psychotic tendencies. She had been in the system almost as long as I had. Her mother had given her up when she was ten after her dad had died, finding the out of control behavior of a grieving child too much to handle.

As a result, there was a direct correlation between the frequency she spread her legs and her desire to be loved. It was textbook. And it landed her with an unwanted pregnancy and no idea who the father was.

Whatever her faults, Dania was the only person to stay in contact with me during the two years I was in juvie. She would take a bus over to Mt. Hope almost every weekend, without fail. And when I got out, with nowhere to go, she offered me her couch.

So even if I didn't like her choices, even if she made me want to pull my hair out most of the time, I would never turn my back on her. That's how I rolled. Loyal to the point of stupidity.

"I don't think so. I'm beat," I said indifferently. Dania giggled while Craig grabbed her ass. And while he did so, he leered at me suggestively, his cold dark eyes lingering on my bigger than average chest.

My friend sure knew how to pick 'em.

"Are you sure? The whole gang will be there," Dania gasped as Craig did something I didn't want to think about. He was still leering at me so I flipped him off. His smile grew. Bastard seemed to like that.

"Definitely think I'll pass then," I muttered, looking away from the amateur p**n show.

"What is your problem?" Dania hissed under her breath. I had pissed her off. She didn't take my disagreeing with her very well. She couldn't understand why I'd be less than thrilled to hang out with the same sorry ass jokers we had partied with in high school.

And I sure as hell couldn't tell her that I planned to get up early and head over to the community college. That I had made an appointment to talk to a woman in the financial aid office to see whether I could afford to take a class. That I was thinking about actually doing something with my life. And continuing to hang around with my so-called friends would only bring me down.

Because that would go over like a lead freaking balloon and would most likely involve lots of screaming, clawing and hair pulling. Dania was a scrappy fighter and it didn't take much to set her off. I had been on the receiving end of those evil nails more times than I could count.

"I'm just tired," I began but started to cave under the strength of Dania's derision. Dania narrowed her eyes, her hand on her hip as she leveled me with her best don't f**k with me bitch stare.

"Fine. I'll head over after my shift. There had better be a shot waiting for me," I said, giving in. I was just glad to see that both of Craig's hands were now in plain sight and no longer underneath Dania's skirt.

The bell chirped above the door and I barely glanced up as someone came into the store.

"We'll see ya later, snatch," Dania sing-songed. She grabbed a pack of Jolly Ranchers and another soda. I mentally added the items to the running total.

I eyeballed Craig, daring him to eye-fuck me again, but he looked away. Good thing too. Because I wasn't above gouging the smarmy blues out of their sockets.

I propped my elbows up on the counter and cradled my chin, swinging my legs as I sat on the stool. Looking around the tiny convenience store, it was hard not to get depressed.

I hadn't exactly progressed in my life. After I got out of juvie I was focused on living. That was it. That's all I had been capable of.

Finding a place to live. Food in my stomach. Money in my pocket. Those were my only goals. I hadn't allowed myself to think of anything else.

Being locked up for two years, waiting to turn eighteen, hoping you won't get shanked for your hair gel, sucks your soul dry. Dreams were definitely not allowed. Not that I ever had them to begin with. My life had beaten all of the good out of me until there was nothing left but the shell of a person I was now.

And heading to juvenile detention was the icing on the crappy cake. Every horrible thing they tell you about incarceration to scare the shit out of you was 100% true.

It's a terrible place. It makes you angry. It makes you mean. It ensures you will do just about anything to survive. I knew a thing or two about survival before doing my time, so I had naively thought that I was better prepared than most for what lay ahead.

I had been completely and totally wrong.

The acidic taste of my own bitterness burned the back of my tongue. It was always there. It never left me.

The squeaking of sneakers on the worn linoleum made me jerk my head up. The store was silent except for the ear-splitting screech of rubber on the floor. I caught sight of a brown mop of hair disappearing behind a shelf.

I really hoped it wasn't some ass**le high schooler trying to shop lift something. I wasn't in the mood to chase them down. Hell, I'd probably let them take the entire store. That's how disinterested I was.

I pulled the college flyer out of my pocket again and looked at it long and hard. Was I really going to do this? Was I really going to bite the bullet and see what else was out there for me in the big, scary world?

I felt a tingling on the back of my neck and rubbed at it furiously. What the heck? I looked up and saw the dark head again, ducking behind a display of magazines. Something about the convenience store creeper made me uncomfortable.

I hopped down from the stool and tied my long blonde hair up in a loose ponytail. I rolled my sleeves up and tucked the tiny gold cross I wore around my neck into my shirt. You never knew what to expect from people, so it's important to always be prepared. I had learned a long time ago that the fewer things for someone to grab, the more likely you are to walk away.

I put my shoulders back, my chin high. I was a pro at looking confident. I was tough as nails and everyone knew it. Messing with me was a bad idea. I had a reputation in Wellsburg. Particularly after my stint in detention, people tended to stay away from me. Those with good sense anyway.

I used my fists first and my brain later. My mouth often landing me in trouble that I took care of with my steel-toed boots. I never shied away from confrontation. The scars underneath my chin and at the hairline by my ear proved that.

I didn't like feeling uncomfortable. I didn't like feeling anything. This guy needed to get what he came for and get out.

"Can I help you?" I asked belligerently. The man stood at the end of the aisle putting things in a basket. His back was to me and all I could see was the stooped bend of his shoulders beneath a long sleeved blue shirt, which seemed strange in the middle of July. His hair was dark and messy and he looked to be of average height. He wasn't overly muscular, nor was he slight. He seemed to have a medium build with a nice definition to his arms.

He didn't turn around at the sound of my voice. He continued to choose items from the shelf and carefully placed them in the basket, ignoring me.

"Hey! I asked you something!" I called out walking toward him. The man shuffled away and slipped into the next aisle, his sneakers shrieking against the smooth flooring. Why did I get the feeling he was running away from me?

Well, I did have that effect on people.

My general sense of disquiet increased as I followed him. He was still putting things in his basket but I noticed his movements were now jerky and less controlled. But he kept his face turned away from me.

I reached out to take the basket from him. "What the f**k is your problem?" I barked, giving the basket a hard wrench.

The guy ripped it out of my hands and then promptly dropped it on the floor with a loud clang. It tipped to the side. Tubes of toothpaste, a box of crackers, and several sleeves of chocolate chip cookies rolled across the floor.

"You need to pick that up, you know," I commanded. The guy was already hurrying out of the store.

Forgetting about the spilled groceries, I scrambled after him.

He pushed his way outside and practically ran down the sidewalk. I stood in the open doorway, watching him, bewildered by the strange encounter. The hot summer air was suffocating in its warmth. Humidity bearing down on me like a blanket.

The dark haired guy waited for a car to drive past and then crossed the road. I thought about yelling after him. Maybe following him and making him clean up his mess. I was feeling edgy and wanted to take it out on someone. I wasn't picky whether it was a stranger or not.

But then the guy stopped and looked back at me.

And I froze.

I knew that face.

It was a face I had hoped I'd never see again.

The face I hated, blamed and missed in equal measure. A face I hadn't seen since that night six years ago when my entire life changed.

Why had he come back here?

I didn't really care.

All I knew was that Freaky Flynn was back in Wellsburg.

The man who had ruined my life.

2

-Ellie-

My head felt like it would split in two. Welcome to hangover hell. I rolled over in bed, the small action making me groan. Every. Single. Part. Of. Me. Hurt.

Seeing Flynn Hendrick last night, after six years of trying to forget him, had served as a catalyst for some good ole fashioned self-destructive behavior. Something I was extremely good at.

I had closed up JAC's and headed to Woolley's bar, where it was packed with the drunk and stupid crowd. Of which my friends were the leaders of the bunch.

Dania was slumped over in a booth, her pregnant belly poking out from underneath a shirt that was way too small for her growing body. Her eyes were closed and a bottle of beer had tipped over into her lap. Craig, the sleaze, was nowhere to be found. I guess he had gotten what he wanted and f**ked off. Such was Dania's way with the opposite sex.

I had joined the rest of the group, my nerves jangled and my anger piping hot. Shane Nolan, the guy who had taken my virginity when I was fourteen and had been trying to get in my pants ever since, was making out with our friend Regina, aka Reggie, Fisher on the other side of a passed out Dania.

I had sat down beside Stu Wooten, a guy with a police record to rival mine and stole his beer. He didn't blink, only raised a hand to get the waitress's attention and ordered us a round of shots.

I got drunk. Really, really drunk. And then I had gotten rowdy. Shane, once he realized I was there, had shoved Reggie away and spent the rest of the night groping my ass. I had ended up punching him. Reggie and Stu laughed, I had shrugged it off, and Shane had left Woolly's with a black eye.

The night had deteriorated after that. Some chick had claimed I was flirting with her boyfriend, so I had yanked a chunk of hair out of her head. Reggie had joined in and the place had gone nuts. The boyfriend had tried to pull me off his girlfriend and Stu had jumped him.

The police were called. Stu had thrown a barely conscious Dania over his shoulder and we had taken off out the back door and down a side street to evade arrest.

We had ended up back at my place where the party had continued. And by the time I had helped Reggie finish off a bottle of vodka, I had forgotten all about Freaky Flynn's return.

I sat up in bed, squinting into the darkness. My mouth was dry and my throat was on fire from dehydration. I crawled over a body sprawled out beside me in my bed. I had to look closely to see who it was and was relieved to find that it was only Dania. She had thrown up at some point in the night and the putrid smell of sick hung in the still air.

I started to heave and barely made it to the bathroom before I emptied the contents of my stomach in the toilet.

Why the hell did I do this to myself all the time? You'd think I'd have learned my lesson by now. Alcohol and Ellie McCallum did not mix.

Shit! What time was it?

I stumbled to my feet and lumbered out into my tiny living room. I turned on the TV, ignoring the moans of protest from Stu and Reggie, who were passed out on my floor.

Crap. It was already nine thirty. My appointment at Black River Community College was in a little over an hour. I looked around at the state of my home and cringed. The place was trashed. And that was definitely puke on the carpet.

I kicked Stu's leg, a little harder than necessary. "Get up!" I yelled. I yanked open the curtains, letting the morning light stream in.

Reggie screamed like a banshee and covered her face with her hands. "Close the curtains!" she shrieked. I kicked Stu again and he smacked my leg.

"Get up! I have somewhere I need to be!" I called out. I turned up the volume on the television, blaring it. Stu finally opened his eyes, glaring at me. Most people would be intimidated by the level of malice rolling off the tattooed guy with the buzzed head.

Most people weren't Ellie McCallum. It would take a lot more than a glare from Stu Wooten to make my blood run cold.

"You need to make me some coffee," he demanded, his voice sounding like he had been gargling broken glass. Reggie sat up, wearing only a bra that barely covered her boobs. Her short, brown hair stuck out from the side of her head and it was obvious by the dried funk on her face that she was one of the people who had vomited on my floor.

"You know where the coffee pot is. Make it your damn self. I have to get in the shower." I headed back down the hallway toward my bathroom. "Reggie, put some clothes on and get Dania up. You all need to be out of here in twenty minutes."

I slammed the door to the bathroom and turned on the shower, letting the steam fill the room.

I rooted through the medicine cabinet and found a bottle of pain reliever. I shook out four capsules into my palm and swallowed them. My head was pounding and I felt as though I might be sick again.

I hurried into the shower and sighed as the hot water hit my back. This time of the day, under the warm flow of water, was the only point I could really relax. Before my day could begin and screw up everything. I liked mornings. They made me almost...optimistic.

My mind flashed back to the sight of Flynn's face yesterday. It had shocked me to see him again after all this time. Over the years I had almost convinced myself that he didn't exist at all.

My denial was useful at times.

But seeing him had been like a fist to the gut. It had taken me back to a time I had tried hard to forget.

He hadn't changed much. He looked a little older. But he still had that same out of control brown hair. He was still on the thin side and shuffled his feet when he walked. He still carried himself like he wanted to curl into a ball and hide. And it was more than obvious his people skills hadn't improved any.

He was still a freak.

So why did my heart flutter madly in my chest as though it wanted to break free? And why did my body buzz at the memory of a boy who I hated to remember?

My feelings toward Flynn were more complicated than ever. You would have thought after all this time the intensity would have faded into non-existence.

But every tangled, ugly, wild emotion was still there. And they slashed me open all over again.

I wondered if he had recognized me? Unlike Flynn, I had changed a lot about my appearance since I had left Wellsburg High School during my junior year.

Then I had been a punk teenager who dyed my hair a new color every week. I had worn my makeup thick, particularly the eyeliner. I had worn baggie clothes and a face full of metal. I had done everything I could to make myself as unattractive as possible. It had been my only defense.

Too bad it had never worked.

I stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around my body. I raised my hand and wiped the condensation from the mirror and looked at my reflection.

Yeah, I had changed a lot. I wasn't sure Flynn would recognize me now. Long gone were the nose, eyebrow, and lip rings. My hair was now its natural blonde and I wore it long, hitting the middle of my back. I didn't wear makeup anymore. I had stopped bothering just after going into detention. Having my ass beaten for my mascara made me less than worried about my appearance.

I had gone au naturel after that. And it had stuck. I never went to the trouble again.

I wasn't a bad looking girl. I didn't hate myself enough to deny that. I was even sort of pretty. Though I would have given anything to get rid of the freckles on my nose and cheeks. They made me look like some innocent prairie girl.

And I was anything but innocent.

I was just on the side of too skinny but that had everything to do with not being able to afford food as opposed to choice.

So yeah, I was pretty if you didn't look me in the eye. Because my eyes always gave me away. They were a cold, hard blue. There was nothing warm in my gaze. If it's true that eyes are the windows to your soul, I knew that mine held no possibility for goodness.

Anything good had been killed a long time ago.

There was a bang on the door. "I need to piss!" Stu called out from the hallway. My hand curled into a fist and I bit my lip, closing my eyes.

I couldn't stand Stu. Or Reggie. Or Shane. In fact I hated most of the people I called friends. They were selfish and inconsiderate and at times downright cruel. But they were all I had. Just like Dania, they had known me for years and they were like stuck to me like crap on my shoe.

I tucked my towel firmly above my br**sts, which were entirely too large for my liking, wrung out my hair into the sink and opened the door.

Stu didn't bother to look at my barely covered body. He didn't leer at my cle**age peeking out above the towel. He didn't roll like that. I might as well have been a block of wood. He wasn't a known lover of the female form. Sure he f**ked when he felt the itch, but it wasn't something he seemed to enjoy doing.

I had often wondered if his overt aggression concealed latent homosexuality. It would have explained so much. But hell if I'd ever question him about it. I liked the look of my teeth in my mouth, thank you very much.

He pushed passed me and slammed the door behind him. Like I said, my friends were dicks.

I walked back to my room and turned on the overhead light. Dania was still passed out cold and I could see the line of bile from her mouth down the side of my comforter.

"Dania, I've got to go. You need to head home," I said a lot more nicely than I had been with Reggie and Stu. With Dania you had to tiptoe carefully. While I was known for my quick temper, Dania was known for ripping your guts out with her bare hands if you looked at her funny. She was volatile and completely mental. Add a dose of pregnancy hormones on top of her already scary personality and you had someone closely akin to a psychopath.

Dania opened her eyes slowly and brought her hands up to her eyes, covering them. "Turn off the light, Ells," she moaned.

I shook her foot lightly. "I've got somewhere to go. You need to head back to your place. I can give you a ride if you need me to," I said gently.

"I feel horrible," Dania whined, trying to sit up. She glared down at her belly as if it were the unborn baby's fault she felt like shit.

She gingerly combed through her long, black hair with her fingers. Even hung over and with dried saliva on the side of her mouth, Dania was beautiful. She always had been. With black, shiny hair and light blue eyes framed with thick lashes, she looked like a movie star.

When we were in foster care together, Dania talked about running away to New York. She said she'd be discovered and begin her amazing career as a world famous model. Back then, she both loved and hated the way she looked. She thought her face would be her ticket out of Wellsburg. That it would give her a better life. But she hated it because of the attention it brought her. Particularly from our foster dad.

But since leaving the system at eighteen, her dreams of leaving Wellsburg had dwindled away. Pummeled by real life. She stopped dreaming. She stopped thinking big. She accepted. Like we all eventually did.

They say misery loves company. And we were the best company each other had.

"Where are you going?" Dania asked, slowly swinging her legs over the side of my bed, making sure to avoid the vomit on the carpet.

"I promised Jeb I'd help Melanie with the inventory this morning," I lied effortlessly. What a load of shit. And if Dania were feeling half way human she would have called me on it. I hated Melanie Stanton, the other female clerk at JAC's. To be fair I hated most people. But I made it a point to never willingly be in her presence. Jeb had learned early on that it was not a good idea for Melanie and I to share shifts.

Melanie was a forty-year-old woman who, up until her husband was laid off work, had been a stay at home mom. And she was everything I disliked in a person. She was perky. She was always put together. She talked endlessly about her perfect f**king family. And worst of all, she smiled all of the goddamned time. She made me want to slide down into a warm bath and slit my wrists.

"Oh okay. Is Reggie still here?" she asked, pushing her feet into her three inch spiked heeled boots.

"She should be. She and Stu were half naked in my living room when I went out there a little while ago," I commented dryly. Dania's eyes narrowed and I wished I had made more of an effort to filter my comments.

"Did they hook up?" she growled. Why had I said anything? I had no doubt Reggie and Stu had screwed on my lumpy couch after I had passed out last night. Our group of friends was incestuous. It was disgusting really.

We should have been way passed declaring ownership on one another. We hung out. Some of us screwed on occasion. No biggie.

But Dania was extremely territorial of Stu. They had dated for almost a year when we were fifteen. And even though I was pretty sure Stu didn't possess the ability to develop feelings for anyone, Dania had been crazy, head over heels in love with him. When they had stopped dating (which had everything to do with her jealousy and possibly due to his sexual orientation), she had lost it. In true Dania style, she had gone raging psycho bitch and had egged his car and smashed his bedroom window with a rock.

Stu had taken it all in stride, not seemingly bothered by his ex-girlfriend's nuclear meltdown. Though he had, on one occasion, called her a whore in front of half the school.

But over time, Dania had calmed down and moved on. It's what she did. But that hadn't stopped her from harboring a deep seeded burn for Mr. Lack of Personality.

I shrugged, already done with the conversation. I checked my watch and saw that if I didn't leave now, I'd be late for my financial aid meeting. "I doubt it. I think they just fell asleep." I was a really good liar.

Dania shoved passed me and stomped out to the living room. Sighing, I followed her. Reggie was reclining on the couch.

"Where's Stu?" Dania demanded. Reggie blinked up at her in surprise. Reggie wasn't the sharpest knife in the drawer. Honestly she was as dumb as rocks.

But even she could tell that she was in some deadly waters.

"Uh, he already left. You need a ride home?" Reggie asked, looking at me in a near panic. Everyone knew Dania went mental over Stu. Particularly when Stu was screwing someone else. Like I said, Reggie was an idiot.

"Did you f**k him?" Dania screeched. Sheesh. I'd never get out of here at this rate. I reached down, took ahold of Reggie's arm and pulled her to her feet. I then began herding both of them out of my apartment, grabbing my bag and keys on our way out.

"It's not like that, D," Reggie pleaded. Dania had already clenched her fists and I knew a fight was brewing. My friends were a classy bunch.

"Look you two. If you're going to do this, don't do it here. My landlord is already breathing down my neck about my late rent payment. You two having a chick fight in front of the building would not look good. So please, take your shit somewhere else," I said tiredly.

I gave Reggie a push toward her car. "Take her home. Deal with her there," I told her. Reggie looked scared. I didn't blame her. Dania was pissed. And when she was pissed, she was irrational. Good luck with that.

"Take me home," Dania demanded, glaring at Reggie who looked ready to pee in her slutty pants.

I made sure the two of them left before I got into my own car. I turned the key and the engine made a clicking noise before it finally turned over. I heard a distinctive clanging as I pulled out onto the road and knew that couldn't be good. But as long as the old clunker got me to where I needed to be, I internally promised to have it looked at as soon as I had the cash.

Black River Community College was only fifteen minutes from where I lived but it might as well be on another planet. This was a side of Wellsburg that still looked semi-decent. Well-manicured lawns and pretty brick buildings were everywhere.

I stuck out in my jean shorts and second hand button up shirt like a sore thumb. I had made an effort to look nice today but my wardrobe was severely limited. As I looked around at the other kids in their pretty clothes and nicely trimmed hair, for the first time I was embarrassed by how little I had.

Enough of the feeling sorry for myself shit. That didn't get me anywhere. I threw my shoulders back and squared my jaw before heading in the direction of the financial aid office.

An hour later I left the building in a bit of a daze. I had gone into the meeting expecting to have the door kicked shut in my face.

What I hadn't anticipated was to have...options.

That wasn't something I was accustomed to.

But they were there, shining like new pennies. For the first time in my life, something I wanted might actually happen.

Mrs. Randolph, the head of financial aid at the school, had looked over my GED paperwork. I had done surprisingly well on the test for having barely paid attention during the prep course.

Apparently, given my history in the system as well as my low-income status, I qualified for several grants that would pay for me to take classes. As in I wouldn't have to pay for it out of pocket. As in, I no longer had an excuse for not doing this.

I had taken the folder of paperwork from Mrs. Randolph with a promise I'd fill it out and return it to her before the fall semester's July 30th deadline. She had said she could expedite the financial aid process so that I would be able to start at the end of August when classes started.

She had been kind and helpful. And I hadn't wanted to knock her teeth out. I was super proud of myself.

I clutched the red folder to my chest and walked out into the hot, summer sunshine. I knew better than to get my hopes up. I just knew something would come along and snatch this golden opportunity from my needy grasp.

Things like this just didn't happen for Ellie McCallum.

And there he was again.

I saw the slouched shoulders and dark hair darting between the trees, skulking as though trying to go unnoticed.

Just like that, my tenuous good mood evaporated and I became angry again. As though Flynn Hendrick were a bad omen.

One that I needed to get rid of...quickly.

So I followed him.

I watched as he skirted around people as he hurried toward his destination. I also couldn't help but notice the way girls looked at him.

Huh. That was new.

He had never been a guy to get the right type of attention when I had known him. He was a joke. A freak. Not the sort of boy that girls lusted after.

Apparently things had changed.

Because even though he kept his head down, girls were definitely checking him out.

They just didn't realize what a weirdo he was.

An older man stopped Flynn and I ducked behind a tree to watch them, fascinated in spite of myself. Flynn fidgeted, his hands jammed into the pocket of his khakis. I snickered seeing them. He always wore the same thing. Khakis and a long sleeved button down shirt, no matter how hot it was. The guy really hadn't done himself any favors by dressing like a dork. He was such an easy mark. As though he were begging to be picked on.

I took a sadistic joy in realizing he was still awkward and messed up.

Just like me.

But then he did something that surprised me. He lifted his head and smiled at the older man. Then he laughed. And I could hear it from my hiding spot behind the tree.

It had been a long time since I had seen Flynn Hendrick smile. In all the years I had known him, in all the time I had made it my mission to hurt and humiliate him, he hardly ever smiled and he very rarely laughed. I often made sure that he never had a reason to.

But he was laughing now and it completely transformed him.

My heart twisted painfully in my chest at the sight.

Because Flynn looked happy.

Freaky Flynn looked content and at ease.

My hatred and bitterness clawed inside of me, desperate to get out. Wanting to be free. To bring this guy back down to the depths of hell with me.

Why did he get to be happy? What rules of the universe deemed him worthy of joy while I was suffocating in my own despair?

Fuck Flynn Hendrick and his smile. Fuck him and his apparent wonderful life.

I was having a hard time breathing. I wanted to leave. But I couldn't stop watching this man that I blamed for so much. This man I had tried so hard to bring down and who was clearly better off for it.

Flynn turned his head, as though feeling the weight of my stare. The sun shone down on him like a freaking halo. How fitting.

And then he found me. As though I had a neon sign pointing in my direction. He frowned and I knew he was trying to place me. And I knew the moment when he recognized me.

He began to rub obsessively at the back of his hands. Something I remembered him doing when he became upset.

The rubbing became more pronounced, as though he were trying to remove his skin.

The older man beside him said something but he didn't respond. He continued to stand there, like a deer in headlights, staring at me as though he had seen a ghost, rubbing at his hands over and over again.

Then some cruel part inside me that had been left to fester all these years lifted its ugly head. I grinned at Flynn's discomfort. It made me feel good.

I raised my hand and wiggled my fingers in his direction. Letting him know that I saw him too.

Flynn's hands stopped rubbing, as though he were making a conscious effort to stop himself. He shoved his hands back in his pockets, his eyes never leaving mine. I was surprised to see a strength that had never been there before.

It left me feeling weak in comparison.

He turned to the man beside him, giving me his back. Letting me know that he didn't care if I was standing there or not. That I didn't bother him. Not anymore.

And Flynn stood on the steps of a brick building, pretending he had never seen me.

But I noticed that he had pulled his hands out of his pockets again and was once more rubbing them furiously.

3

-Flynn-

Many years ago...

I couldn't get comfortable. My mother hadn't changed my sheets this week and they are rough on my arms and legs. I hate them. They hurt. I don't want to roll over because then I'll feel the fabric.

So I lie there in my bed, rigid, staring up at my ceiling.

I don't sleep.

I can't. Not with the sheets touching me.

I was staring a new school tomorrow.

Everything would be new.

I didn't like new.

I wanted to be back in Massachusetts where everything was the same. Especially my house.

The bathroom was two doors down on the left. The light switch was just inside on the right wall. My room was brown with a green border. My bed was beside the closet. The stairs had exactly twelve steps.

It was the house I had lived in my entire life. It was the last place I had been with Dad before he went to heaven.

I didn't like West Virginia. I didn't like the house we live in now that I don't recognize.

Here the bathroom is beside mine and it confuses me. My room is blue not brown. And there are fourteen steps. I hate counting them. Because it isn't right.

It makes me anxious.

My mom tells me to stop being silly. She says that this is a fresh start. I don't understand what that means.

I start rubbing my hands back and forth. Back and forth. Down my hands and back up again. Running over the smooth skin. Over and over again.

I lie there until I can't take the feel of the sheets anymore. I rip them off my bed and throw them out the window. That makes me feel better.

My mother comes in to see what the noise is. When she sees my window wide open and the sheets and blankets gone, she gets me some new ones and makes up the bed again.

These sheets feel much better.

But I still can't sleep.

So I lie there rubbing my hands. Over and over.

Until the sun comes up.

Wellsburg High School is much bigger than my last one. There were people everywhere.

"Stop rubbing your hands, Flynn," my mother said as she pulls into the parking lot of my new school.

Telling me to stop only makes me rub them harder.

Up and down. Over and over again.

My mother reaches out to take my hand but I pull away. I hate when she touches me. She usually didn't. I don't like it.

"Flynn, please try and make an effort to get along with the other kids. Let's make this time different," she said with a sound in her voice I didn't understand.

Her eyes are wet and I frown. Why was she crying?

I rub my hands a little harder.

My mother let out a breath and got out of the car. She opens my door and I slowly get out, making sure not to touch the rough fabric of the seat with my bare skin.

I follow her up the steps to the front door of the school.

I keep my eyes down. I don't want to look at anyone.

I rub my hands again.

It is really noisy. Too much noise. And the lights are bright. Too bright.

It was better once we are in the office. It is quieter and I stop rubbing my hands.

My mom fills out some paperwork and I wait, not looking at anyone, though I can't take my eyes off the tiny statue of a pyramid on the secretary's desk. I reach out and poke it with my finger. It doesn't look like the pictures I have seen in my books. It isn't right.

I like looking at pictures of different places and then drawing them. I like the details.

"It has a crack in it. And the color is all wrong," I said to the woman I haven't looked at yet.

My mom makes a noise and swats my finger away from the pyramid. I touch it again anyway.

"It's ugly. And it's all wrong. That's not how they're supposed to look," I said flatly. I tell the truth. It doesn't look like a pyramid. I can make one a thousand times better than that.

The woman behind the desk clears her throat and reaches out to pick up the tiny pyramid and tuck it into her drawer so I can't see it anymore.

"I'm so sorry. He has Asperger's. He has trouble communicating," my mother said and I feel the woman behind the desk looking at me. I don't like the way she looks at me. People always look at me when my mom says that.

"Principal Higgins will be with you shortly," the secretary said, her voice sounding funny and tight.

"Flynn. We talked about this. Remember what Dr. Johnson told you about not always saying what's in your head?" my mother said quietly.

I remember. There isn't much I don't remember.

I start rubbing my hands again. Harder this time.

My mother makes another noise. She did that a lot. "Is there something in your throat?" I asked her.

She closes her eyes and I wonder if she is tired.

She reaches out and touches my hand. I don't like feeling her touch me. My skin doesn't like it. I pull away.

"Stop rubbing your hands, Flynn," she said and I know she is mad. Dr. Johnson had shown me pictures of faces and told me what they were feeling. Right now my mom's face looks like the guy with the angry expression.

The principal comes out and introduces himself. He holds his hand out for me to take.

I don't.

My mom explained I had Asperger's syndrome. The principal was looking at me like they all looked at me.

They talk a little more about giving me an individualized Education Plan with a focus on my behavior. I hear what he is saying, I just don't get it. What is wrong with my behavior?

Then we are done and I am given a slip of paper with my schedule on it. My mom bites her lip and her eyes are getting watery again.

"Do you need me to walk you to your first class?" she asks me. The principal puts a hand on my shoulder and I push it away.

"Don't touch me," I said.

Principal Higgins clears his throat. "I'll make sure he gets to his class. Don't worry, Mrs. Hendrick."

Before my mother leaves she says, "Be nice. Try to get along with people. This is our fresh start."

I start rubbing my hands again.

There is a girl in my class with bright purple hair. She sits in front of me. Her hair is long and brushes the top of my desk.

I don't like that.

I take my pencil and push the strands away, careful not to touch them.

She slouches down in her chair, her hair falling on top of my desk again.

"Move your hair," I said loudly.

People are looking at me. They always look at me.

"Is there a problem, Mr. Hendrick?" the teacher, Mr. Goodwin, asks me. He is ugly with a bald spot on the back of his head. He made me stand in front of the room while he told everyone who I was. I didn't like them looking at me. I told him he smelled like beer.

He let me sit down after that.

I hate when people looked at me. I put my head down and poke at her hair with my pencil again.

The girl turns around and her lips curl up. Was she smiling at me? Maybe she was nice. Maybe we'd be friends.

It would be nice to have a friend. I don't think I ever had one before.

"What the f**k is your problem?" she asks, her lips still looking like a smile.

I frown, not understanding her question.

"Your hair was on my desk," I said. She is pretty. I like the way she looked. Except for the metal in her eyebrow and her nose. Those aren't pretty. Why did she put them there?

I point at the ring in her bottom lip. "Why did you do that?" I ask her.

The girl's lip curls again. I can't tell if she is smiling now.

"None of your business, freak," she spits out.

I rock back in my seat. She isn't smiling. She doesn't want to be my friend. She is really mean.

I put my head down and tuck my hands into my lap, rubbing them furiously.

"What are you doing? Jerking off?" she asked me, her voice sounding not nice at all.

She leans down and looks under my desk to where I am rubbing my hands. Up and down. Over and over again.

"Fucking freak," she hisses before turning around. And then she lifts her long purple hair and drapes it all over my desk.

I try poking it with my pencil but she keeps shaking it back in place. It covers my book and papers.

"Move your hair!" I yell, knocking my book off the desk and onto the floor.

The room is silent.

Everyone is looking at me.

I hate when they look at me.

"Mr. Hendrick, I think you need to leave," Mr. Goodwin said, pointing to the door. Keeping my head down I leave the room. But I look at the purple haired girl before I do.

This time I know she is smiling at me.

4

-Ellie-

I laughed. An honest to god laugh. The hairy body pressed into me, a long, slobbery tongue darting out between black lips.

I nuzzled my face down into the furry neck and let myself smile. This was the only place I let myself do that.

The large dog bounded out of my arms and ran to fetch the rubber toy I had thrown. I grinned like a mad woman as I watched the light brown furry thing shake the toy in his mouth before bringing it back to me and dropping it on the ground at my feet.

"Good boy," I cooed, scratching a spot behind his floppy ear.

"You should adopt him. You're the only one he listens to," a voice said from behind me. My smile dropped but my hand kept scratching the spot behind the dog's ear.

"I don't have time for a dog," I said gruffly, forcing myself to remove my hand from the inviting warmth of fur.

Erin Hoffman, the director of the Wellsburg Animal shelter, gave me a smile that I didn't return. She was about ten years older than I was and lived for her job. Good for her. I could admit, even to myself, that it would be nice to be dedicated to something...anything...like that.

I rarely said much during my volunteer hours at the shelter. Erin and I had only engaged in minimal exchanges. It's not like I was there out of the goodness of my heart.

I had been given court ordered community service after getting caught with Stu and Shane vandalizing the old covered bridge outside of town over a year ago. We had been drunk. Stu had convinced us it would be hysterical to spray paint a c**k and balls on the side.

It hadn't been so funny when the cop car had driven by. And it was even less funny when I had been wearing handcuffs and taken downtown for processing.

I had been put on probation and was given a list of places where I could volunteer in order to "better the community." My probation officer, Mr. Cox (go ahead and laugh, I did) thought the animal shelter would be a good fit.

"Since you're not exactly a people person," he had told me. And he was right. I wasn't fond of people. Not even the ones I spent time around.

But I liked animals. Always had.

Animals didn't hurt you. They loved unconditionally. They gave you their heart without expecting anything in return.

I appreciated that.

Erin didn't push me. She had quickly learned that pushing didn't get her anywhere with me. This wasn't the first dog she had tried to foist on me. But this was the first time I had considered taking her up on the suggestion. Murphy, the furry critter in question, pushed his head into my hand, a silent order for me to continue my administrations. I curled my hand into a fist, refusing myself the brief happiness.

Erin rubbed Murphy's head and his tongue lolled out of his mouth. If I had a heart, he would have made it melt.

"Come on boy, let's get you back in the cage," I said, annoyed by Erin's presence.

"No, don't put him back yet. He needs more exercise. I just wanted to check on him. You know he's been here for three months already," Erin said, not looking at me, her focus on the dog at my feet.

My stomach clenched. "Yeah, I knew that," I said shortly. I also knew that funding for the shelter was bare bones. Space was limited. And with new animals coming in every day, there was only one thing left to do when dogs and cats weren't adopted.

"We're going to need his cage pretty soon," Erin said, her eyes soft as she watched Murphy bound across the enclosed yard to chase a squirrel.

He had been brought in as a stray. No one ever came to claim him. He'd been tossed aside. Forgotten.

Murphy and I were a lot alike.

The gigantic dog ran back to my side and sat on the ground, pressing himself into my legs, nudging my hand again. I couldn't help but curl my fingers into the fur at the back of his head.

Erin looked at the two of us. "Just thought you should know," she said, giving me a sad smile. She gave Murphy a treat and then left us alone.

I looked down at the dog munching happily, unaware of his fate. He had no idea that in a matter of months, weeks maybe, he'd be given an injection to make him go to sleep and he'd never wake up.

A sick part of me was jealous of him. Of his obliviousness. If only I could slip away quietly...ignorantly.

I clipped the leash onto his collar and walked him back to his cage, closing him inside without another glance.

I couldn't look at him anymore.

Because it hurt.

And I didn't like hurting.

"You wanna go swimming? It's going to be in the nineties today," Dania asked from her perch on top of the counter at JAC's. I was due to get off in an hour and had planned to go home and finish my college paperwork.

I had hemmed and hawed over the folder that was hidden in my bedside drawer. It was stupid of me to think a few college classes would miraculously make this shit life all better.

But I had been given a taste of something I thought I could never have. At that made it downright irresistible.

What would one class hurt? If it sucked, I could chalk it up to experience and never have to think about it again.

I was prepared to fail. It's what I did best after all.

Though what if I didn't fail? What if I did something right, finally? The possibility of succeeding was almost more terrifying than the familiarity of failure.

But the fact that I was thinking about it all indicated a huge shift in my outlook.

I couldn't pin point the cause of my change. Whether it was a gradual realization or lightning bolt awareness that I wanted something more. I had no idea. But I could remember with vivid clarity, the day it had happened.

I was waiting for Dania after her first prenatal appointment at the free clinic three months ago. I was still hung over from my bender the night before. I had gotten wasted and ended up sleeping with Lyle Katz, a guy six years older than me and with a lot less prospects. I had kicked him out and proceeded to empty my stomach into the toilet.

Two hours later I was driving Dania downtown while she teased me about taking my shirt off at the party. I was notorious for doing dumb crap when I was drunk, so the news was no surprise. I listened to her tell the story of my craziness with an encroaching sense of embarrassment.

Dania described a pathetic, nasty, and downright loathsome person who got into a fight and hooked up with some dude who had come to the party with his girlfriend.

That person was me. And I hated it.

Dania had gone back to get checked out and I had been sitting in the waiting room, trying not to be mortified by the things I had done the previous night and thumbing through a magazine ten years old. Something had made me look up and take in the room around me.

It was depressing.

These were people just as stuck in their destructive patterns as I was.

Underage moms. White trash. Meth addicts. The tired and useless.

And I was one of them. I had allowed myself to be.

I had been going through the motions for so long. With no self-respect and little to no pride. Looking at these people, so much like me, everything inside me screamed at me in realization. Life sucked. I was tired of life sucking. I was sick of being okay with my life sucking.

Something had sunk in deep. At the next visit I found the brochure for the community college and while it hadn't been an "aha" light bulb moment. A tiny, dim flame had been lit and it had been there ever since.

Sure everything else in my life tried to overshadow it. But it was there. Slowly burning. Just waiting for me to allow it to grow.

And looking at my best friend, with her ever growing belly and good looks that became more tired and haggard every day, I could admit that I was starting to get scared that this was all there was to my life.

This was it.

The end.

How sad was that?

"I'm pretty beat," I said lamely. Dania hopped off the counter, grabbing a candy bar and unwrapped it.

"I'm beginning to think you have a vitamin deficiency or something. You're always tired. You used to be so much fun, Ells. You kind of suck lately," Dania pouted, taking a bite out of her Hershey bar. She grabbed a bag of jalapeno chips and opened them as well.

"Yuck!" I made a face. Dania shrugged, taking a bite of chocolate and then popping a chip in her mouth.

"Cravings. They're weird," she remarked breezily. I wished I could get a read on what she thought about her pregnancy. You would think her constant drinking and partying would be answer enough.

But there were moments when I almost thought she cared. That she even looked forward to bringing that new life into the world.

She kept her prenatal appointments. She went every month. And I knew she still took the vitamins she had been prescribed. Once I had even caught her looking at baby clothes online.

Though when I tried to bring up what her plan was for after the baby was born, whether she'd keep it or give it up for adoption, she absolutely refused to discuss it.

I didn't understand Dania. I don't think I ever did.

"So you're coming. One of us has to show off the body they still have. And Reggie's thunder thighs are enough to make my eyes bleed. Plus, Shane's been bugging the shit out of me to get you to come," Dania said dismissively.

I snorted. That so was not going to happen this side of sanity.

I popped my bubble gum and wiped some sweat off my brow. The air conditioner had been on the fritz for the past two weeks and Jeb had yet to call a repairman. He was such a cheapskate. Right down to his shiny pants and bad toupee. He was the walking, talking stereotype of a weaselly, middle-aged shop owner.

"It's hot as hell and with this thing cooking inside me, I need to cool off. Stu said he'd bring a keg. Come on!" Dania wheedled. I hated it when she wheedled. It grated on my nerves.

"Fine whatever," I mumbled, giving her the victory she had been looking for. I was such a hard ass in most situations but was somehow unable to stand up to my best friend.

It was a serious character flaw.

"So what happened with you and Reggie the other morning? Did you rip her hair out?" I asked, though I probably shouldn't have bothered to ask. I had seen Reggie yesterday and she was sporting a split lip. Dania apparently hadn't been very forgiving.

Dania rolled her eyes and hopped down from the counter. She rolled her tiny tank top up over her belly. "I can't stay mad at Reggie. She's too stupid to know what she's doing half the time," she dismissed.

I came out from behind the cash register and started straightening the cans of whipped cream in the cooler knocked over from a teenage whip it raid.

"Why do you care though? You and Stu haven't hooked up in years," I asked. I didn't expect Dania to answer me. This was one of the topics she would shut down each and every time.

"So, you and Shane gonna get naked tonight?" Dania asked, doing just what I knew she'd do. Change the subject.

I made a gagging noise. "Yeah if I want syphilis," I smirked. I had slept with him when I was young and stupid. When I had been trying to fill the void in my heart by spreading my legs. I had thought sex would help me feel connected to someone.

It hadn't. It had hurt. A lot. It was one of the most humiliating experiences of my life. We had been drunk in a field. Shane, not much caring where he got his rocks off, took me into the brush and didn't even bother to remove my clothes. There was no kissing. No caressing. No whispered sweet nothings in my ear.

He had pushed down my jeans and screwed me right there. With a pinecone in my back and grass in my hair. He had been rough and sloppy, poking away before pulling out and telling me to jack him off with my hand.

I had been horrified by the sticky stuff on my skin and had tried to wipe my hands off on the ground.

Afterwards he hadn't even bothered to help me up, returning to the party like nothing had happened.

I had wanted to cry. But I hadn't. I never cried. Not since I was six years old.

I remembered the blood on my thighs and the sight of my crumpled underwear around my ankles and I had felt dirty. Even after all that I had been through at that point in my life, I had held onto the foolish idea that sex would be magic. It would be beautiful and all consuming.

I should probably have picked someone other than Shane Nolan to pop my cherry then.

Dania smacked my arm. "You're so picky. I don't know who the hell you're waiting for? Prince f**king Charming? Because if that's the case you'll be waiting a long ass time. Princes don't ride into Wellsburg, sweetheart," she scoffed, giving me a loud and messy kiss on the cheek.

I wiped my face with the back of my hand.

"So, I'll be at Woolly's when you get off. Come and get me," Dania said, not giving me time to argue.

The remainder of my shift passed uneventfully. There had been a whole ten customers. It really was a dead end store in a dead end town.

Melanie came in to start her shift around five. Her energetic smile was enough to make me scramble out the door.

The sun sat low in the sky and I knew our swimming trip would turn into an all-night kegger. The air smelled like a party. It was the only thing to do on sweltering summer nights in the middle of nowhere. Drinking and drugs and lots and lots of sex.

Woolly's had the front door propped open, indicating that they too had a broken down air conditioner. Inside was oppressively hot and I hoped Dania was ready to leave. There was no way I could hang out inside and stay conscious.

Dania was perched up at the bar, Stu and Shane flanking her on either side. Stu looked bored. Shane was staring blatantly down Dania's low cut tank. He didn't seem to care about her pregnant belly jutting out from beneath her shirt.

My friend looked up and saw me, her face lighting up. She was already wasted. That was the only time she seemed genuinely happy to see me.

"There you are! You ready to go?" she squealed. Shane removed his eyes from Dania's boobs and attached them to mine. My chest had always been a magnet for male attention, whether I wanted it or not. I hated my body. I hated the curves and definition to my hips. I hated that when I was younger, men had thought that because I had the body of a woman it was okay to treat me like one.

"I'm really glad you're coming, Ells," Shane grinned. I barely nodded, already tapping my foot impatiently.

"Can we get out of here? It smells like piss and arm pits," I complained. I glared at Shane pointedly, only making him laugh.

"Yeah, babe, let's go," Shane said, grabbing my hand. I wrenched out of his grip.

"Look Shane, I'm not your babe. And if I see your eyes on my tits one more time, I'm going to rip your balls off and shove them up your nose. Got it?" I threatened, baring my teeth in an angry smile.

Shane laughed again, though a little nervously. His wariness was warranted. I had earned it over the years.

Dania leaned on Stu who steadied her. He barely looked at her, seeming bored by her endless chatter and attempts to touch him. I couldn't understand my best friend's obsession with him. He wasn't even that good looking and his personality bordered on Jeffery Dahmer levels of creepy.

I didn't wait for the rest of my less than savory posse to follow me outside. I could hear Dania laughing and Shane's snickers. This would take a while.

And then I saw him.

God he was everywhere.

I couldn't escape him.

Flynn, with his hands characteristically shoved into the pockets of his khakis, was standing outside of the crummy art gallery down the street.

Florence's Portraits was a bit of a joke. Flo had moved to Wellsburg after her husband had retired three years ago and opened the gallery in an effort to try to inject some culture into the shoddy little town. It didn't help that aside from the name, there absolutely no portraits sold in the dingy shop. Flo's idea of art was second-rate knock offs of wildflowers and streams.

I had never seen a single person step foot inside.

But there was Flynn Hendrick, staring at the crappy pictures as if they were the most interesting things in the world. He had always been so focused like that. And I felt an uncomfortable twinge as I remembered how he'd pore over his notebooks, sketching in the corners.

I had never let on that I watched him. But I had.

A lot.

Dania finally came out of Woolly's with Stu and Shane. Her heavy form crashed into my back and I stumbled forward. She giggled and apologized and I cringed at the smell of alcohol on her breath.

"Let's walk this way," I said, trying to steer my friends down the road in the opposite direction of Flynn. I didn't want to see him. I didn't want them to see him.

"I'm parked back there," Stu mumbled, jerking his thumb toward the parking lot on the other side of Florence's Portraits.

Well here we go.

I grit my teeth and kept my eyes trained forward as we moved closer to where Flynn was still standing by the storefront window.

Why did he have to be so weird? I thought angrily. Why did he have to stand there, staring at those stupid pictures and ruin my entire night?

Why couldn't he, just for once, be normal?

Because Flynn Hendrick wasn't normal.

"Oh my god, Ells, do you know who that is?" Dania asked in an excited whisper, pointing at Flynn who was completely oblivious to our approach.

I pulled her arm down and shushed her.

Shane squinted in Flynn's direction. "He looks familiar. How do I know that guy?" he asked, his words slurring from the three shots of Jose Cuervo he had consumed earlier.

"That's Freaky Flynn!" Dania hollered, her voice ringing in the air.

"You're right! It's that weird dude from high school. Isn't he the reason you went to juvie? The one whose..." Shane began just as my fist made contact with his gut. Hard.

"Oomph," Shane groaned.

"Shut the f**k up," I growled, not needing any reminders of that messed up night all those years ago.

Flynn finally realized we were there. Dania yelling his name down the street was probably a big giveaway. He looked up and then promptly looked back down. And I was struck again by how little he had changed. Yet there were small differences that appeared to be for the better. If you could look past his awkwardness and general weirdness he was a good-looking guy. He had dark, messy hair, a long straight nose, and a dimple in the center of his chin. And I could never forget the clear, green eyes that were always trained on his feet. Eyes that would never make contact no matter how much you might want them to.

Flynn's shoulders came up as he tucked his chin into his chest. He looked as though he were trying to fold in on himself. A posture that was familiar and sad at the same time.

He turned his back to us and started walking swiftly down the street.

"Freaky Flynn!" Dania screamed, pulling away from my arm that was holding her up and tried to run after him.

Flynn ignored her.

"Dude, hang on a second!" Shane yelled.

Flynn kept walking.

"I think we need to teach this f**ker some manners," Stu muttered and I recognized the predatory light in his eyes. It was the same one I glimpsed every time he messed with people in high school. Those people primarily being Flynn Hendrick.

We followed Flynn to the parking lot, Stu calling his name again.

"Hold on, we just want to talk to you!" Stu said. Flynn fumbled with his car keys, keeping his eyes on his hands.

Seeing him again, up close, was like being sucker punched in the jaw. It wasn't pleasant.

He stirred up memories I didn't have time to think about. I didn't have the emotional capacity to allow myself the pain and grief a normal person would have felt.

Because you see, I wasn't normal either.

We were a perfect, messed up pair, Flynn and I.

We always had been.

Stu put his hand on Flynn's car door, shutting it just as he was about to pull it open. It felt like we had been transported seven years in the past. The deja vu was unreal. Here we were, cornering Freaky Flynn, like not a day had passed since we used to throw his book bag to the ground and ripped the pages from his notebooks.

It was like watching a scene from the movie of my life. Only this time Flynn didn't cower. He still looked extremely uncomfortable, but the Flynn of my memories was a lot meeker. And a lot more volatile.

"I've got to go. Move," Flynn said in that flat, toneless voice I remembered well.

Shane laughed, though it was anything but friendly.

"Whatcha been up to Freaky? I never thought you'd come back to Wellsburg. I thought you had up and left after..."

"Shane!" I barked, cutting him off. Flynn tensed at the sound of my voice. His jaw worked and his hands clasped in front of him as he began to rub them together. He was upset.

"Just wanted to know what he's been up to. I was trying to be nice," Shane said, hanging his head like a dog that had been kicked.

Dania watched Flynn in a way I hadn't seen in a long time. She appeared thoughtful and shrewd. It was a dangerous expression for a girl who thought nothing of tearing others down to make herself feel better.

"You've changed a lot Flynn," she said quietly. Flynn yanked on the door handle but Stu slammed it shut again.

"Move," Flynn said unemotionally.

"No," Stu said just as dispassionately.

Stu grabbed Flynn's keys from his hands and dropped them on the ground. Flynn's jaw clenched and I could tell that he was getting angry. I had a morbid fascination with wondering how he'd respond. Would he freak out like he used to? Would he hit Stu? Would he throw something?

He rubbed his hands furiously. His fingers working up and down over his skin.

I used to enjoy watching Freaky Flynn go ballistic. It had given me a sick sense of satisfaction to send him over the edge. And when he was finished he would cry, not caring that we stood around and watched him fall apart. We'd laugh at him. Call him names. He had always been an easy target for a group of ass**les like us.

Even when I had gotten to know him and realized there was more to him than the label we had given him, it didn't stop me. I hated the joy his pain gave me. But it was a power I couldn't have anywhere else.

A power I was desperate to have.

But that had been a long time ago. And I was suddenly tired of these high school games. Teasing the poor Aspie kid didn't hold the thrill it used to.

"Give him his keys, Stu," I demanded. Dania narrowed her eyes as she looked at me, her hand rubbing her belly absently.

"He can get 'em if he wants 'em," Stu responded shortly.

I walked over and bent down to pick up the keys. When I stood up I held them out, letting them dangle from my fingers. Flynn slowly reached out and took them, careful not to touch me.

He didn't say anything. And of course he never looked at me.

I had expected nothing less.

"Come on," I barked. Shane looked confused, Dania looked irritated, and Stu looked downright murderous.

I hadn't mocked or teased. I hadn't belittled or bullied.

And I hadn't been sucked in by his quiet, vulnerable demeanor that resurrected twinges of emotion I hadn't felt in years.

I turned my back.

I walked away.

I guess there was a first time for everything.

5

-Ellie-

This felt wrong. I didn't belong here in my cheap flip-flops held together by Scotch tape and carrying the same backpack that I had in high school.

I stood in the parking lot arguing with myself. One minute I was convinced that this was stupid and I should go home. The next minute I was channeling my inner cheerleader, chanting you can do it over and over again inside my head.

I looked at my watch. I only had five minutes to find my class. It would be so easy to let those five minutes tick by and forget all about my crazy, delusional fantasies of becoming Super Ellie, College Student.

"You look lost."

I startled and gripped the strap of my book bag tightly against my shoulder.

"Excuse me?" I said shortly.

A girl with fly away brown hair and the worst sunburn I had ever seen pointed toward campus.

"You goin' that way?" she asked, pulling out a cellphone and tapping at the keys.

"Yeah, I guess I am," I admitted.

"First day?" she asked.

Was it that obvious that I had no clue what I was doing? I drew myself upright; straightening my spine as I always did when going into a situation I was unsure of. Be it a raging house party where a police bust seemed imminent. Or walking into the break yard my first day at Spadardo's Juvenile Center, just knowing I'd get my ass jumped before the day was out.

So walking onto the too-pretty-to-be-in-Wellsburg college campus should be a piece of cake. Only I wasn't feeling so sure of that. And I knew it was better to put out a confidence that I didn't feel. It established a precedent. It showed people you couldn't be messed with. That you were strong.

Even if you were being deafened by the voice in your head screaming in terror.

But I had a lot of practice at ignoring that voice. And I struggled to do that now as I faced an experience that left me quaking in my tattered flip-flops.

"I can find my way," I responded, not wanting or needing her help. I had to face this alone, or not at all.

Sunburn cocked her head and leveled her own steely gaze in my direction.

"I'm sure you can," she mused before tucking her phone back into her pocket.

"But just so you know, classes aren't usually held in the parking lot. You'll need to go to an actual building," she mused.

I should smack the shit out of her. If I weren't feeling so off balance, I would have. Who the hell did she think she was?

So I ignored her and walked toward the campus quad. I pulled out the slip of paper with the name and location of the class I was supposed to be taking.

It was a basic 101 English Lit class. I had always loved to read. When I was in juvie, it had been my only escape. I practically lived in their tiny, cramped library.

I had never been a very good student when I was in school, but that hadn't been an indication of my intelligence. It was because I had never bothered to try. School had been a place to pass the time. Somewhere I could count on at least one warm meal and didn't have to worry about avoiding my foster dad's overly feely hands.

School had been safety. Security. It had offered me a way out.

And I had hated it. Every single moment of my time there, I had fought against it. I had focused on the wrong things. The wrong people. And I had paid the price for it.

Maybe this time could be different.

Maybe this time I could be different.

I walked with my teeth clenched and my hands curled into fists at my side. Like a soldier heading to the battlefield, I was ready for anything. I headed straight for the Dunlop building where my class was held. I didn't pay any attention to the groups of students congregated outside. I wasn't there to chitchat and make friends.

Though the truth was, I wasn't sure what I was there for.

Inside the classroom, I found a desk towards the back, and I headed straight for it. I hoped to blend in with the wallpaper and avoid attention. The class was mostly comprised of kids just out of high school. They were noisy and annoying and I felt my jaw tick already.

Had I mentioned I wasn't a people person with some major anger issues?

The professor breezed in a few minutes later and dropped a pile of papers on his desk. He was nondescript as far as people go. Bland facial features beneath boring brown hair. Perfectly groomed beard and blah wire rimmed glasses.

He was appropriately named Professor Smith. An uninteresting name for an uninteresting man.

We were given the syllabus and I looked it over, not recognizing any of the books on the list. I wanted to kick myself for not paying more attention in high school. But the books I tended to read were of the non-fiction variety. I loved reading biographies and true account stories. I enjoyed immersing myself in other people's lives. Because they were usually a hell of a lot better than mine.

"Hello everyone! I'm Professor Smith. I've been teaching here at Black River Community College for ten years. I graduated with a Masters degree in English Literature from the University of Virginia..."

I tuned him out around that point. I could care less about his life history or what brought him to little ole Wellsburg. And looking around the room, I wasn't alone in my complete and utter disinterest.

I stared out the window, already zoning out. Classrooms and teachers had an almost Pavlovian affect on me. Sitting in a desk had me mentally checking out in less than thirty seconds. So much for trying to change.

I only snapped out of when someone patted my arm. I wrenched backwards, startling the person who was trying to get my attention.

"Sorry, but we're supposed to be getting into small groups to talk about what we've already read on the syllabus. Then we have to choose one and discuss the plot and themes," a young girl with pretty red hair and an overly large mouth said nervously.

Okay, time to play contentious college student.

"Sure," I muttered, picking up my book bag and moving my desk over to join the three other students who had already started talking amongst themselves.

"Hi, I'm Casey," redheaded, big mouth said. Everyone nodded as though we cared what her name was.

"I'm Davis." A skinny kid with big ears spoke up after Casey was finished introducing herself. What was it with this group and big body parts? Because the next guy, who said his name was Andrew had a nose as long as my arm. Well, not really, but you get the picture.

Now that the three of them had shared their names, they looked at me expectantly. I supposed this was my cue to play nice.

"Um, yeah. I'm Ellie," I said, plastering my fakest smile on my face. I think my efforts were perhaps a bit over the top and my smile more closely resembled a psychotic grin, as I watched the slight recoil from my fellow students.

"Hi, Ellie!" Casey chirped, clearing her throat. Obviously she had deigned herself our unofficial group leader.

"Let's have a look at the syllabus and then we can decide which one to focus on." Casey cleared her throat again, which was really annoying.

I looked down at the list again, knowing I had nothing to contribute.

"Well, I've read the Margaret Atwood short story and the Milton stuff," Davis piped up.

"Cool! I've read those as well in my high school AP class!" Casey enthused.

"I've read the Milton and the Keats poem," Andrew offered.

And then they were looking at me.

"Uh..." I started, making a show of looking at the syllabus.

I must have taken too long because Casey started pointing to the different reading selections.

"Have you read the Atwood story?"

"No."

"What about Milton? Have you ever read Paradise Lost?"

"No."

You get the picture. Casey kept asking and I continued giving her my monosyllabic response. My face began to flush red the more it became apparent that I hadn't read a thing on the list.

When Casey had gone through the entire syllabus, she gave me a puzzled look. "Haven't you read anything?"

I understand that she most likely didn't mean for this to sound as condescending as it did. She seemed like a nice, corn fed country girl with her pretty red hair and mouth the size of a football. But she had just royally peeved me off.

I crumpled the syllabus in my hand and leaned toward her. "No, Casey. I haven't read anything," I grit out.

Casey blinked a few times, clearly not understanding my aggression.

"Well, you have to have read something in high school. What about the Robert Frost poem? Everyone reads Robert Frost. It's like sophomore stuff," Casey said, again putting just enough arrogance in her voice to trigger my anger reflex. Andrew and Davis were keeping quiet. Too bad Miss Too Big Smile didn't have their common sense.

I brought my fist down on my desk with a loud bang. The classroom went instantly silent. I was used to being the center of unwanted attention, so I didn't even bat an eye about causing a scene.

"No, I haven't read any of these stupid f**king stories on this stupid f**king list! While you were sitting in your nice little AP classes, my ass was in juvie, trying not to get raped by a gang of dykes with a thing for blonde girls!" I yelled. I grabbed my book bag and wrenched upwards out of my seat.

"Miss. Wait a minute! Miss!" Professor Smith called out as I slammed out his classroom.

I was breathing heavily by the time I walked back out onto the quad.

I knew there was more than anger bubbling up like acid in the pit of my stomach. I was embarrassed. Ashamed that in a room full of eighteen and nineteen year olds, I was the most ignorant person in the room. Sure I had my fair share of street smarts, but I could never compete in this setting.

This wasn't a place where knowing how to hotwire a car and evade the police would get you far.

My skillset was limited and most times illegal.

But I wouldn't feel sorry for myself.

I would just leave. Head home. Get something to eat before going to work and carrying on with the life that had been there this morning. And the day before. And the week before that.

This was a lesson learned. It had been an unrealistic hope. And the sooner it was dashed in the dirt the better.

I raised a hand I hadn't realized was shaking and swept my hair off my face. My skin was flushed and hot to the touch. My mortification still blazing bright.

I took a deep breath and hoisted my book bag up on my shoulder.

And there he was.

Flynn walked down the sidewalk, his head down. Always down.

And then I was following him. I walked into the manicured grass, stepping over landscaped flowers as I pursued him.

I don't know why I bothered. What did I hope to gain by stalking him across campus? But I kept going.

Perhaps I was looking for someone to focus my frustrations on and Flynn was a comfortable target.

Or maybe it was something else entirely.

My anger simmered. Just like it always did. It was my constant companion. I was a bitch with one hell of a chip on her shoulder. It's what flavored my experiences and shadowed my thoughts. It's what made me follow the man shuffling his feet ahead of me.

But the anger wasn't the only thing I was feeling. There was something else. Something I had forgotten how to identify. It was a bubbling in my stomach. A fluttering of my heart behind my ribcage. A strange sort of anticipation.

And I had felt it before.

With Flynn.

He slipped into the side door of a building on the far side of campus. I entered the door behind him, staying far enough back that he wouldn't notice me. Though I shouldn't have worried. Flynn rarely noticed anything. He lived his life oblivious to everyone and everything around him. He had always been a person of single-minded focus.

Flynn entered the door at the end of the hallway and I hurried after him. A long window looked into a crowded art studio.

I could see a pottery kiln and several wheels. Easels lined the wall and tables were covered in a variety of art tools. I hung back and watched Flynn make his way to one of the tables containing a slab of dark grey clay.

He dropped down onto a stool and immediately picked up a long wooden stick with a metal tip. He bent down over the clay and started pulling it apart and remolding it. His hair fell down on either side of his face, his shoulders hunched as he worked.

I couldn't see exactly what he was doing, but watching him like this was very familiar.

I could easily picture the way his hands stretched and shaped the clay in careful, precise movements even if I couldn't clearly see it with my eyes. My mind took me back to a time when I had liked nothing better than to spend time with him while he worked. I was hit with deja vu so powerful it shook me to my core.

Your face is pretty.

I want to draw it.

I like looking at you.

I shook my head. The space behind my eyes started to pound. I should leave. Go home. Forget about this horrible mistake of a day.

But I couldn't move.

Flynn's concentration was absolute. His hands swift and sure. The lump of clay forming into something else under his adept fingers.

Then he looked up. As if sensing I was there.

His eyes met mine.

Dark green. Deep and endless. Sucking me under.

I expected him to look away. He always looked away.

This time he didn't.

The flutter in my chest progressed to violent spasms the longer we looked at each other. I had never stared into Flynn's eyes for so long before.

I waited for him to start rubbing his hands. It was his tell. How I knew he was upset or angry or ready to detonate.

But he didn't. And his eyes continued to hold mine.

I was finding it hard to breathe.

And then he lifted his hand in a tiny, little wave, acknowledging me.

I turned on my heel and hurried down the hallway, slamming through the door I had entered through and into the oppressive afternoon heat.

My feet never slowed as I headed back to my car. My fingernails digging into my palms as I fled.

My heart exploded in my chest in a million tiny fragments. All because of a glimpse of dark green eyes that I hadn't realized I missed.

Not until now in the span of a moment I remembered the people we had once been.

In that flash of seconds I missed those people.

I missed him.

I missed me.

What was I going to do?

6

-Flynn-

Many years ago...

She's so pretty.

I really like to look at her.

Her name is Ellie McCallum. That's what the teacher calls her when he says the names every morning.

Her hair is blue today. Not purple like the first time I saw her.

I don't like the blue. But I still like looking at her face. Even with the hoop in her lip and the piece of metal in her nose.

But she doesn't like it when I look at her. She frowns at me a lot and calls me names. Her friends say nasty things to me when I leave class.

Last week a guy with a big nose took my lunch. I was really hungry. My mom made me my favorite chicken salad sandwich. It was my lunch, not theirs. I hate it when they're mean to me.

It makes me really angry.

I yelled and told him to give it back. He laughed, though I didn't think it was funny.

But he didn't give it back.

And I was really hungry.

I ate a whole bag of potato chips when I got home.

"Stop looking at me, freak!"

Ellie is talking to me again. I was looking at the new ring in her nose. Why did she put it there? Her nose is pretty without it.

I point at the ring. "That's ugly. You should take it out."

Ellie touches her nose. I want to touch her nose. But I can't.

I don't like touching people.

But I want to touch her.

Ellie didn't call me any more names. She turns around so I can't look at her face anymore.

Her hair is all over my desk again. It upsets me.

I push it off with my pencil and then start to draw. I had been reading a book about the history of the Eiffel Tower last night. I can draw things after seeing them.

I would count the lines. I would measure the spaces. And then I would draw it.

I could draw anything.

I am drawing now. I will draw something for Ellie.

Maybe then she will be my friend.

When she is nice, I'll give it to her.

I wait for her to look at me again so I can give it to her.

I keep the drawing.

"Freaky, Freaky Flynn!"

That's what everyone calls me now. I know it is bad name. They say it before they do something that makes me angry.

The boy with the big nose is the worst. And the girl with the black hair that Ellie talks to a lot.

They took my notebook after school yesterday. They took my pictures of the Eiffel Tower and tore them up.

I yelled. I threw rocks at them. They laughed.

My mom had screamed at them when she came to take me home.

I had cried and Mom had tried to hug me.

I hit her.

Then she cried and I knew I had hurt her. She told me I shouldn't do that. That I should talk about what makes me mad.

I didn't say anything.

But I still liked looking at Ellie.

She had a pretty smile when she laughed. She liked to laugh when I yelled.

She laughed a lot.

The teacher tells me to work with Ellie for a paper in class.

Her hair is purple again. I like it more than the blue. But I still hate it.

"Why is your hair purple now?" I ask her.

"Why are you so weird?" she asks me.

"I'm not weird," I said back.

"You're a freak," she said.

I don't like that word. Freak. It makes me so mad I want to break my pencil.

I throw my book on the floor and start rubbing my hands. Fingers smoothing down over the back of my hand.

Up and down.

Over and over again.

Ellie looks at me and I can see her eyes are brown. Like my bedroom in Massachusetts.

I look down at my hands. I keep rubbing them. I don't like to be looked at.

"Why do you do that?" she asks.

Up and down.

Over and over again.

"Why do you rub your hands?" she asks.

I don't answer her. I rub harder.

Ellie picks up my notebook.

"Give that back!" I tell her. She ignores me.

"Did you draw these?" she asks, pointing to the picture of the Parthenon I had done a few minutes ago.

I stop rubbing my hands and take my notebook back. I don't touch her.

I want to touch her.

I couldn't.

"Yes," I said, closing it.

"They're really good," she said. Her mouth stretching and doing something strange. It looks like a smile but not the one she usually wears. Not the one I see when I was yelling.

"What's wrong with your face?" I ask her.

Ellie's mouth stops stretching.

"You are such an ass**le," she said.

The teacher comes around then and Ellie asks to be move to another group.

I'll give her a picture another day.

7

-Ellie-

Living in a small town really sucked sometimes. Well, most of the time, but some days were worse than others.

Particularly when you were trying to avoid someone.

Flynn was everywhere and nowhere.

I'd see him in places I hadn't expected him to be but he'd never show himself when I was actually looking.

I could admit I was becoming slightly obsessed with knowing where he was and what he was doing.

I couldn't sort out in my f**ked up head why I was so fixated on him. My emotions were a jumbled mess. I resented Flynn Hendrick reappearing in the small, dreary world I inhabited as though he had a right to be there.

But his appearance did one thing. It snapped me out of my self-pitying funk.

So I returned to my English class. Professor Smith seemed surprised when I returned for the Thursday morning class but he didn't bring up my abrupt and angry exit earlier in the week. Casey, Davis, and Andrew gave me shaky smiles but made sure to sit several desks away from me.

I tried to ignore the sideways glances I was given by the other students and I gloried in a small sense of accomplishment when I was able to swallow my angry retorts and not tell them to take a picture because it lasted longer.

I buried my nose in the textbook and lost myself in the dark, depressing world of Edgar Allen Poe. And I actually became excited when we were given our first essay topic on the use of fear in Poe's short stories.

I found myself sitting in the library after class, reading through my assignment, writing notes in the margins. For the first time I felt like perhaps, just maybe, I could do this.

"How's the class going?" the short, stocky woman with the flower print shirt and socks up to her knees asked as she sat across from me a week later.

I was sitting in Wellsburg's only excuse for a coffee shop. And that was giving it a lot of credit. In reality, Darla's Drink and Dine was a collection of four tables pushed into the corner of a thrift shop.

Darla, the owner, had a low-end commercial coffee machine and made fresh donuts every morning. It was her one saving grace. If it weren't for those freaking donuts, she'd have no business at all.

I shrugged, dusting powdered sugar off my fingers. "It's going," I said. I was the queen of evasive. But the woman with shrewd eyes behind wire rimmed glasses was entirely too astute for my defensive tactics.

"You're loving it," Julie Waterman stated with a small smile after wiping a bead of coffee from her upper lip.

Julie Waterman was in her early forties but dressed like somebody's grandma. She was pushy and in your face and exactly the type of person that drove me bat shit crazy. But I liked her. As much as I was capable of liking anyone.

She was the foster care worker who had been assigned my case when I was only six years old. She had been fresh out of college and was one of those idealistic, change the world types.

I remembered so little about my early childhood. Flashes of memories here and there. Most of what I remembered was ugly. Being taken out of my home after being found alone. I had been abandoned by my mother five days previously. I had been eating things out of the cabinet that I could reach and by the time police broke down the door, I was starving and dehydrated. Apparently, the school had alerted the authorities, saying they hadn't seen me in a while and my mother hadn't called me in sick.

I remembered the first horrible foster home I had lived in. There had been three older children who resented the sudden appearance of a young girl, who refused to talk. A shadow child who had been rendered mute by her experiences.

The eldest girl would pinch me when her mother wasn't looking, leaving bruises on my pale skin. The boy, who was only a few years older than me, would lock me in closets. Sometimes for hours, until their mother would come looking for me.

My foster mother never asked why I was sat huddled in a closet with the door locked from the outside. She turned the other cheek when her three children spat in my food so I couldn't eat my dinner. She ignored the names they called me under their breath. The nasty truths they'd throw at me when they thought she was out of hearing.

Your mom didn't want you.

We don't want you.

No one will ever love you.

Those were harsh words for a child to hear. Especially one who had already been to hell.

And I never said anything to anyone about the way they treated me. I kept it buried deep inside me. I never cried. I never screamed. I never spoke.

Mostly because I went almost an entire year without saying anything.

My words had failed me. I had nothing to say. So I kept silent, lost in the world inside my head.

But smashed in between those memories were those of a young social worker with kind eyes and a soft voice who refused to give up on me. Julie had been my one and only constant in a chaotic, out of control life. She tried really hard to make up for the shitty hand I had been dealt, but she could only do so much.

I had seen how much it hurt her when my foster families couldn't handle me anymore and invariably sent me back. I knew it broke her heart each and every time she had to pick me up, sometimes in the middle of the night, and take me to yet another home that didn't want me.

I remembered the way she bit down on her lip to stop the tears from falling as I curled into a ball on her backseat, my stuffed dog, Clyde, tucked beneath my shirt. She hadn't wanted me to see the grief on her face. But I had. Even if my own grief had bled out of me a long time ago.

She had tried to turn my life around. She got me counseling. She tried to coax me into sitting through support groups. She insisted that I get evaluation after evaluation to determine what exactly was wrong with me. To get answers to why I was unable to connect with anyone or anything. To find out if what was broken inside me could ever be fixed.

When I was seven, some therapist diagnosed me with Reactive Attachment Disorder brought on by a lack of nurturing and my traumatic past. My label did nothing to make me any more loveable or easier to deal with.

Even armed with the understanding of what made me the way I was, my foster families were never equipped to handle the angry, violent girl who had invaded their homes.

So I would have to leave. I never settled. I never allowed myself to get comfortable. Because I knew it would be over soon enough. Even the nice ones never lasted long.

My life had been a series of temporary situations.

But Julie continued to try. I'd give her that.

And I could still see the disappointment on her face when I was carted off to juvie six years ago. Her tears were the only ones that fell.

So now, even though I had outgrown her services years ago, she still insisted on "touching base" with me every few months. And living in a small town, we ran into each other a lot more than that.

It wasn't a coincidence that she stopped by on my shifts at JAC's, even though she lived and worked across town.

And she, more than most people, knew when I was bullshitting and evading. She sipped on her coffee, a brown lock of hair flopping in her face.

"You do. I can tell. I'm so glad!" she enthused and I knew a grilling session was imminent.

I rolled my eyes but didn't deny her statement. What was the point? She was right.

"Are you going to take any more classes?" Julie asked, dumping more sugar into her coffee.

"Let's just take one day at a time, okay?" I said watching her over the rim of my tea mug.

Julie was saying something. Her mouth was moving but I didn't hear the sounds coming out. Because at that moment the bell tinkled above the door and I nonchalantly lifted my eyes toward the momentary distraction.

And froze.

I swear to f**king god, was nowhere safe from Flynn Hendrick's all too visible ghost?

He came inside, wiping sweat off his forehead with the back of his hand. He walked slowly toward the cashier and then stopped, staring up at the menu boards. He stood there for at least five minutes, not noticing the fact that a line was forming behind him. He took his time. Deliberating carefully as though he were developing a plan for world peace as he stood there.

Finally he gave his order and then took out a wad of money from his pocket and meticulously laid it out on the counter, making sure to count out the exact amount so change wasn't necessary.

I knew he was mumbling to himself, counting out loud, his fingers hovering above the coins. He would take as long as he needed to in order to get it right.

I knew this because I had seen him do it a hundred times before. I recognized his pattern and his routine as though I were watching a movie I had once memorized but had forgotten I knew so well.

"Ellie!" Julie snapped her fingers in front of my face, making me blink and forcing my eyes back to her.

"Did you hear anything I just said?" she asked me, smiling in bemusement. Only Julie Waterman could find my complete lack of manners endearing.

"Sorry, I've got to go." I grabbed my bag and dropped some money on the table. I chanced a look at Flynn and saw that he was still counting out his money and the people behind him were getting angrier by the minute.

"Where are you going?" Julie asked, getting a concerned look on her face was reserved solely for me. She followed my not so subtle gaze to Flynn who had finally handed over his money and was tapping his fingers against the counter in a perfect, controlled rhythm.

That was new.

I had at one time been intimately familiar with his ticks. But this was one I hadn't seen before.

But a lot can change in six years.

Julie frowned, the line between her eyebrows deepening and I watched her try to place the very good-looking, but extremely awkward man that had entirely too much of my attention.

"Is that?" Julie began but I cut her off.

I needed to get out of there before Flynn saw me. I didn't want an exchange. I didn't want any interaction. I desperately wanted to continue living my life the way it was before he had danced back into it.

We hadn't shared a single word in the three weeks since he first came into JAC's but already my world felt tight and restrictive. He took up too much space and I resented him for that.

"I've really got to go," I said hurriedly, picking up my to go cup and giving Julie a frazzled smile and hurried toward the door.

Just as Flynn was heading in the same direction.

Smash. Crash.

Shit.

I had my mocha dripped down my front, plastering my shirt to my boobs. And I wasn't wearing a bra. Great, now the entire coffee shop was getting a good, long look at my ni**les.

"Sorry," Flynn mumbled, holding his hands out as coffee dripped from his fingers. He hadn't realized it was me yet and I wondered what the likelihood was that I could still make it out the door without him seeing me.

Slim to none.

"Ellie," he said flatly, raising his head and meeting my eyes briefly before lowering them again.

"Flynn," I said just as evenly. I pulled at the soaked material that was stuck to my skin. "Can you get me some napkins?" I asked, irritated that this moment I had been trying to avoid at all costs had happened in the most public and embarrassing way possible.

"Sure. Sorry," he said quickly, grabbing a stack of napkins from the counter. We had everyone's attention. I purposefully made eye contact with a few of the gawkers closest to me and they quickly resumed their conversations.

Being the town hot head had its advantages.

Flynn came back and started patting at my chest with napkins. He rubbed over my br**sts, trying to mop up the liquid, not aware of the fact that he was essentially groping me.

For a man who didn't like to be touched, he was spending an inordinate amount of time touching me in an obliviously intimate way.

I snatched the napkins from his hands and took a step back. "I've got it," I said through gritted teeth. Flynn's cheeks blazed red and he dropped the rest of the pile onto the floor.

"Sorry," he muttered again.

"Stop saying sorry," I barked, wiping the rest of the coffee off my bare arms. It was a good thing I was only wearing a tank top. I didn't have time to go home before my shift, so I was going to have to suffer through six hours of smelling like dried coffee.

"Sorry," Flynn said again and I snorted. Flynn's lips quirked as if deciding whether he wanted to smile or not.

We stood there stiffly, the coffee slowly drying into a sticky mess across my skin. I tried not to stare at him, but it was hard. I thought I'd never see him again. I had counted on the fact that I'd never have to be face to face with this confusing, conflicting range of emotions.

He was still cute and unassuming. His shy smile still sweet yet uneasy. He still wore his brown hair messy and longish around his forehead and ears and he was still the only person to ever make me feel edgy and unsure.

I hated that I knew the details of his face. I hated that I knew his favorite television show and the way he ate his cereal (dry and with two spoonfuls of sugar). I hated that I had at one time catalogued these seemingly inconsequential details with a resolute dedication. Because at one time they had mattered.

But the girl that had known these things had died a long time ago. I had destroyed her. Flynn had ruined her. She was six feet under an unyielding earth.

"Mocha latte three sugars," Flynn muttered, scratching the back of his neck.

"What?" I asked, frowning.

"That's what you drink. Mocha latte with three sugars. You'd bring it to school in your blue thermos and drink the entire thing before the first bell rang." Flynn's flat voice reciting such an innocent detail made my stomach clench.

"What the hell are you talking about?" I blustered, feeling unreasonably annoyed by his recollection.

"It was September third the first time I saw you drinking it and I asked you why you had coffee when it was so hot out. You told me to f**k off."

For some reason, his words made me flush in embarrassment. His memory sounded about right. I had had very little patience for Flynn's idiosyncrasies in the beginning of our acquaintance. He had irritated me and thrown me off balance and I had reacted in the only way I had ever been able to...with nastiness.

"How the hell to do you remember stuff like that?" I bit out, flustered. Flynn shrugged but didn't bother to answer. The door opened behind his back and a woman shoved passed us as we blocked the entrance. She harrumphed under her breath with an irritated expelling of breath.

"Is there a problem?" I asked coldly and the woman's eyes widened for a moment before scurrying off toward the counter. I had that affect on people.

I turned back to Flynn who had finally lifted his eyes and watched me steadily. He stared at me as though he were studying me. His intense gaze had always made me uncomfortable. I had never been sure how to handle his intense scrutiny and I didn't know how to handle it now.

I turned my face away, breaking our eye contact. Flynn Hendrick was the only person to ever make me back away. I never hid or ran from conflict. I faced things head on and bulldozed my way through them with an aggressive and self-destructive force.

But Flynn made me retreat.

"I've seen you at the community college. Do you go there?" Flynn asked, his voice hovering and halting as he spoke. His inflections were typically off.

"Yeah. I do," I told him, not offering details.

Flynn frowned. Fine lines at the corner of his eyes crinkled his skin and I found myself watching his face in fascination. I had always found his reactions to be different and oddly interesting. And while he had clearly schooled himself on appropriate emotions over the years, he still came across as stilted and awkward.

"I saw you outside my studio. You were watching me." I flushed again and this time with mortification. I didn't know how to respond to his forthright observation but I also felt relief that he wasn't aware of how often I had looked for him in the past few weeks.

"So?" I mumbled, eyeing the door behind his back, ready to make my quick getaway.

"You used to do that a lot. Watch me draw. I liked it," Flynn said, his lips turning up into a small smile. He didn't know how to be anything but honest and not for the first time, I found that refreshing.

"Yeah I did," I admitted, trying to control the twitch in my lips that threatened to curve up into a full-blown smile.

"You can come by and watch me. It would be nice. That way you can look without standing in the hallway," Flynn suggested and I grimaced.

"It was just the one time. I saw you and was curious about what you were doing there. That's it," I lied, shuffling my weight from one leg to the other. I was aware that we were standing in the middle of the coffee shop and were obviously the most interesting thing these people had seen for quite a while. And no amount of glares would make them look away.

"I use the art studio three times a week. I couldn't bring a lot of my supplies with me so I'm using their kiln," he said as though that explained anything.

"Okay," I replied. I wanted to ask him why he had moved back. I had thought that out of all the places in the world he could live, Wellsburg, West Virginia would be the last place he'd end up.

I wanted to know about his art and what he was working on. I was curious about what he had done with his life in the six years since I had seen him last. I wanted to know if he hated me and blamed me as I suspected he did.

But I didn't ask any of those things. I could never give voice to the fascination that I always had for Freaky Flynn Hendrick. I couldn't acknowledge in any way that he intrigued me. Or that standing in front of him after all this time reminded me of things I was only too happy to leave in the past.

"I could get you another coffee," Flynn said suddenly, startling me out of my thoughts. His habit of changing topics was just as disconcerting as it always was. I needed to take notes if I was hoping to keep up with him.

I looked down at my brown stained shirt and shook my head. "That's all right. I think I've had my fill of coffee for one day," I told him dryly.

Anyone else would have looked ashamed for dumping coffee on an innocent person. Anyone else would have picked up on my irritation and overall discomfort and not pressed for further conversation. But Flynn wasn't like anyone else. He was clueless and socially maladjusted and right now he was being a huge pain in my ass.

"You like your coffee. I'll get you another one. Or here, take mine," he insisted holding out his to go cup and I crunched my teeth together hard enough to break enamel.

"I don't want a f**king coffee, Flynn! So back off!" My voice rose. The whispering in the coffee shop went up a notch.

Flynn cocked his head to one side, his hair obscuring his eyes. "You're mad," he deduced.

"I'm not mad. I just don't want any damn coffee. Look, this has been swell, but I've got to get to work." I moved around him, careful not to brush against him.

"I'd like it if you could come by the studio and sit with me sometime," he said before I could leave.

I should have left it. I should have ignored him and kept on moving. But I didn't. I couldn't. I had to end this before I allowed anything resembling friendship to infiltrate our non-relationship. I was not going to repeat past mistakes.

I pivoted on my foot and turned to face him again. His eyes met mine and then skittered away nervously.

"Why would I do that, Flynn?" I demanded. He didn't say anything. But I pressed on, making sure I communicated exactly what I needed him to hear.

"Why would I want to spend time with you? It's been six years since I've seen you and truthfully I could have gone another six quite easily." My heart slammed into my ribcage and I felt a strange twisting in my gut as I threw my words at him like knives.

He didn't look at me. He stared resolutely at the floor and I wasn't entirely sure he heard me at all. He closed in on himself and that annoying twinge manifested as guilt.

I let out a frustrated breath and turned around, my back to Flynn and pushed through the coffee shop door and out into the humid, August heat.

I stood there a moment, looking up and down the quiet and desolate street, my chest painfully tight.

I wanted to look over my shoulder, back into the coffee shop. The urge to turn around was overwhelming. But I wouldn't let myself. I denied myself the right to look again on the man I had just torn down as easily as I had done six years ago.

But it was for the best.

If there was one thing I knew it was that Flynn and I only brought each other pain.

And I had learned that the past was best left behind us.

8

-Ellie-

I was drunk.

I had just lost the contents of my stomach along the side of Shane's Chevy Challenger, which stopped all efforts on his part to put his hands down my pants.

"Fucking hell, Ellie!" he screamed, pulling the over on the side of the backcountry road to have a look at the damage.

"You pinstriped his car, Ells!" Dania cackled from the back seat. The sweet smell of the joint between her lips wafted my way and I waved the smoke out of my face. My throat started to constrict and mouth began to water.

I was going to puke again.

I shoved the passenger side door open and collapsed on my knees as I heaved again. My head was pounding and my stomach clenched in a vice. Why had I agreed to a shoot out with Stu? Why had I thought it a good idea to slam back six shots of Evan Williams?

I collapsed into the gravel, my face an inch from the pile of vomit I had just expelled.

"Come on, Ellie! We're already late!" Reggie yelled. I groaned and rolled my face into the dirt.

Welcome to a typical Saturday night, full of bad alcohol and shitty choices.

"Pick her up, Shane and get her back in the car!" Dania said and I knew she was annoyed. I was ruining her night. She had plans to meet up with a guy named Brock at the field party we were heading to. She was wearing her f**k me red shoes and slut on a mission halter-top.

Reggie and Stu were trying to be discrete as they felt each other up beside a stoned Dania and I was once again drunk and trying to fend off the unwanted advances of Shane.

My life was stuck on an endless loop and I wanted desperately to hit the fast forward button.

"She sure as f**k ain't gettin' in my car if she's gonna barf again," Shane grumbled, the driver's side door slamming shut as he got back in, leaving me sprawled out on the side of the road.

"She's a hot mess. Leave her ass here," Stu suggested. Clearly he wasn't aiming to become my BFF anytime soon.

"We can't leave her here. Get out and pick her up, Shane!" Dania demanded, her voice heavy and thick from the weed she had smoked.

I heard a car door open and hands lift me up in a less than gentle manner. I was shoved unceremoniously back into the front seat and the door slammed, catching my hair.

"Oww," I moaned, trying to move my head. My scalp was on fire as my hair pulled taut against my skin. I fumbled for the door handle and whimpered as I tried to move my head.

"My hair," I slurred.

Dania leaned over the back of the seat and rubbed my head. "Your hair looks beautiful," she giggled. Shane pulled back out onto the road, my head knocking into the window as he swerved. I grabbed the hunk of trapped hair at the base of my skull and gave it a vicious yank. It came loose, leaving a good portion stuck in the door.

My scalp burned and I felt sick again but I swallowed down the bile that filled my mouth and closed my eyes. Dania and Reggie were laughing in the back seat; smoke filled the car as they lit up another joint. They passed it to Shane who took it and sucked it between his thin lips.

He held it out for me to take but I shook my head.

"It'll stop you from getting sick again," Dania urged, rubbing the back of my head. There were times, even when she was high and acting stupid, that I could remember why she was my friend. For all of her faults, there was a streak of gentleness that made her almost bearable.

And I made sure to notice it when I saw it. I didn't miss the way she rubbed her protruding belly when she thought no one was looking. I recognized the soft, dreamy expression on her face when she talked about the baby she was carrying, even as she tried to deny she felt anything.

And she looked after me. When I hadn't been able to take care of myself, she was there. And she was the one person in my life who had never turned her back on me. She was all I had.

I leaned into the soft pressure of her fingers against the back of my skull. Shane leaned over, one hand still on the steering wheel, the other pressing the smoking roach to my mouth.

"Suck it like a cock, Ells," he leered and I would have rolled my eyes if I didn't feel like I was going to puke again.

I smacked his hand away. Even if he didn't care about passing our random drug tests, I sure as hell did. I rolled the window down so I could breathe in some fresh air.

It helped. After a few minutes my stomach started to feel better.

Shane pulled into a field a few minutes later and our motley crew lumbered out in a giant heap. Reggie and Stu disappeared only moments after arriving. Dania, after giving me a quick kiss on the cheek, ran over to a guy who was sat in a lawn chair by the bonfire.

Shane, who had clearly been turned off by my outstanding version of The Exorcist, left me by myself on the outskirts of the party.

And then I was alone.

I was always freaking alone.

I leaned against Shane's car and watched people I had known most of my life drinking, laughing, and enjoying themselves. It seemed so shallow and useless. My head was buzzing and I was a long way from being sober but the dope in my system was making me entirely too introspective.

The scene in front of me was like a frozen moment in time. Unchanging. The same thing every weekend. The same shitty beer and out of date music. The same people getting lucky in the back somebody's van while the rest of the party got wasted. I could see Chris Donald's fashioning a beer bong by cutting off the bottom of a milk jug and attaching it to a long piece of plastic tubing. I had seen him do this exact same thing a thousand times before. And I knew that in fifteen minutes he'd be passed out on the ground.

I watched Shelly Clements lift her shirt and show everyone her newest nipple piercing. Her tits, while a bit saggier than they had been in high school, were still large enough to get the guys' attention.

Each of these people carried on, as if nothing else existed. There was a great big world outside the boundaries of Wellsburg, West Virginia, but no one seemed particularly eager to see it. And my friends and I fit right into this stagnant purgatory. Here I was, drunk and hating it. Sneering disparagingly but unwilling to turn that judgment on myself.

I turned away from the party and headed toward the thick growth of trees at the edge of the field. I could barely stand upright and fell down several times but I kept moving forward.

I disappeared into the brush and headed north. I knew these woods like the back of my hand and if I continued for a half a mile, I'd find the road. I would walk back to town. In my fuzzy, alcohol soaked mind, trekking the ten miles back to Wellsburg beat hanging out with the high school rejects.

Branches snagged at my clothes and my legs were getting scratched raw by brambles. A gnat flew into my mouth and lodged itself in the back of my throat, making me gag.

The farther I walked, the clearer my head became. The weed had started to wear off and my head was throbbing.

I broke through the trees expecting to find the main road and was surprised to find myself at the edge of a very familiar piece of property.

The moon was full and lit up the manicured yard in front of me. A house stood off in the distance, surrounded by a group of out buildings that I remembered all too well.

I blinked at the uneasy sense of deja vu. In my mind's eye I didn't see the freshly painted structure with bright blue shutters. I didn't see the repaired shed at the edge of the long driveway.

I flashed back in time and all I could see was smoke and flames.

I felt dizzy and my eyes filled with sudden tears that took me by surprise.

Not being able to stop myself, I started walking across the lawn. I was like a woman possessed and I felt like I was trapped in a time warp, marching the same path I had done on that particular night all those years ago.

I could swear I still smelled the scent of burning wood and I thought I was going to be sick again.

The grass tickled my feet by my thin flip-flops. I wanted to leave. I wanted to run far, far away. But my traitorous legs kept on going.

I stopped at the steps leading up to the house. I ran my hand along the obviously new bannister, recalling when I had watched it crumble into ash. My hands shook as I touched the new wood, cool beneath my fingers.

I looked up at the dark windows and wondered who lived there now. I wondered if they loved it as much as I had. For a brief moment in time this had been my sanctuary. I had been happy here. Well, as happy as a girl like me ever could be.

I heard a noise behind me and I dropped my hand from the banister as I stumbled backwards. I was trespassing and the last thing I needed was another run in with the local police department.

I hurried around the side of the house and hid behind one of the buildings that like the house had been recently painted. I could still smell the fumes heavy in the humid air.

"I can see you." A voice rose up out of the darkness and I jumped. I couldn't help my reaction. His sudden appearance freaked me out.

I pressed myself against the side of the building, feeling foolish for being there in the first place. Why hadn't I left as soon as I had realized where I was? What had compelled me to venture onto the property in the first place?

"What are you doing here?" he asked me and I could barely make out the black silhouette in the moonlight.

"I didn't mean to. I was trying to find the road," I excused, annoyed that my voice sounded breathless and weak in my ears.

Being here after all this time was doing crazy things to my head and my heart. And seeing him now, when my memories of this place were making me feel uncharacteristically vulnerable, was almost too much.

Flynn walked into a swath of light that filtered out from the back of the house and regarded me steadily.

"The road is over there," he pointed back toward the trees in the direction I had just come from.

I laughed nervously. "Yeah I know. I had forgotten this place was here," I answered lamely. It was a lie of course. Maybe subconsciously this is where I had been heading all along. Maybe I wanted to come here.

Because I could never forget this place, no matter how much I wanted to.

"What are you doing here?" I demanded roughly, trying to hide my growing sense of unease.

Flynn's hands clenched together in front of him as he looked up at the large, white farmhouse. "I live here," he said shortly.

My stomach dropped to my feet at his statement. He was living here?

"I thought it had been sold..." I began.

"No, I took it off the market last year after my mom died," Flynn said and I heard emotion in his voice for the first time.

Then I registered what he had said and I felt an uncomfortable familiar crush of feeling.

"I'm sorry, Flynn," I told him sincerely. Because I was. I recognized the look of grief on his face as surely as if it had been my own. I wasn't one to empathize. It was almost impossible for me to identify with the emotions of others, but it had always been different with Flynn.

And for the first time in six years I identified and felt someone else's feelings as if they were my own.

It scared me shitless.

Flynn's eyes that had been shadowed and dark flickered my way and met mine for an instant. A flash of understanding arched out between us. Awareness that I had thought dead and buried under the mountain of our past.

"Thanks," Flynn responded, his voice cracking on the one, simple word.

We stood silent. Locked in place by the weight of a thousand memories and words unspoken.

I wasn't quite sober enough for the heaviness of the moment. It was overwhelming me. I thought I would suffocate in the tension.

"Did you do the work on the house?" I asked him, not knowing what else to say. I should probably just leave but for some reason, I couldn't make my feet travel back the way they had come.

I didn't want to go backwards.

Flynn nodded and looked back up at the house. I remembered that the shutters had once been yellow. I recalled flowerbeds overrun with blossoms and an apple tree laden down with fruit. His mother's banana bread and hot cider on a cold fall night.

These memories slammed into me with the force of a wrecking ball. I hadn't allowed myself to think about any of this in years.

But being here, with Flynn, it came flooding back whether I wanted it to or not.

"Do you want to come inside?" Flynn asked me and I shook my head. I couldn't go in there. Definitely not now.

Taking my refusal at face value, Flynn didn't argue, he didn't even comment. Instead he sat down on a small bench and watched me while I raged internally.

There was always something so easy about being with Flynn. Even as I was embroiled in resentment and age-old bitterness, I couldn't deny the effortlessness in which we were together.

An ocean of time separated us from the kids we once were together, yet I was surprised to find those people still there, beneath the surface.

"I planted some flowers. The ones you liked are there. The yellow ones with the black center," Flynn said suddenly, breaking the quiet. I blinked in confusion.

What was he talking about?

"You used to pick them on the way home. They grew by the road near the bridge. You would wrap the stems together and then throw them in the water. You said they were too pretty. They were your favorites." He seemed to be reciting from a book, his sentences monotone and fluid.

How the hell did he remember all this shit about me? Whereas I had made a conscientious effort to forget, it seemed Flynn's memories were as vivid as ever. I didn't know what to do with that.

"Black Eyed Susans," I said softly, rubbing my temples, my head throbbing.

"That's a stupid name," Flynn replied.

I barked out a laugh. I couldn't help it.

"Yeah, it's a stupid f**king name," I agreed tiredly.

"You shouldn't cuss like that," he admonished. He had always hated when I swore. Yet another ridiculous detail that had gotten stuck in my head.

Flynn got up and disappeared around the side of the building and I wondered if he had gone back inside. I wouldn't be surprised if he had left me without another word. Flynn wasn't one for things like closure. He was abrupt and final.

But he came back a few minutes later with a handful of yellow flowers. He held them out toward me. "Here. These are for you," he said, handing me the bouquet an impatient shake.

I slowly reached out and took them from him. Our fingers brushed briefly and I recognized his instant recoil. His hands clasped together in front of him and I watched as he started to methodically rub them together.

"Thanks," I said, holding the flowers limply. I knew never to be surprised by what life threw at you, but I was shocked as hell by the direction my evening had taken. I hadn't expected to find an odd sense of comfort in the presence of the person I hoped to never see again.

"Are you going to come by the art studio?" Flynn asked abruptly.

I remembered our conversation days before and how rudely I had turned him down. I had been hateful and mean. Clearly that hadn't deterred him. It was on the tip of my tongue to tell him where to shove it in the most inelegant way possible, but there was something in the air that made rejecting him seem impossible.

Maybe it was this place that had inexplicably always felt like a home. Maybe it was standing here, with Flynn, being reminded of a time when things made a perfect sort of sense.

Maybe it was the fact that I was still slightly inebriated and not in my right mind.

Whatever it was, my inhibitions were gone.

"Sure," I found myself saying. Even though Flynn wasn't looking at me, I thought I could make out the edges of his smile.

"Good," he answered. He finally looked up at me and the ghost of a smile was still painted on his lips. "You look cold. You should dress better," he said, indicating my bare legs and tiny top.

I snorted. "I'm cool. But thanks for your opinion," I muttered, rolling my eyes.

"You look cold. I'm going to get you a jacket," he pressed and I shook my head.

"Flynn, I'm fine," I assured him firmly, knowing that once he was stuck on an idea he wouldn't let it drop.

"Why were you in the woods?" Flynn asked.

"Uh, I was walking home from a party," I answered.

"A party," he intoned in his oddly pleasing voice.

"Yeah. It kind of sucked," I said, surreptitiously rubbing my arms, not wanting to admit that I was in fact quite chilly.

"Why did it suck?" Flynn's eyes fell to where my arms were crossed over my chest. He stared long enough for me to know he was enjoying the view of my ni**les poking through my shirt.

"Dude, my eyes are up here," I snapped, annoyed at the way I flushed under his gaze. Most guys would have had the decency to look embarrassed at being caught ogling. As I said many times, Flynn wasn't most guys.

"Why did it suck?" he asked me again.

I shrugged. "Just the same ole' same ole', you know?" I said, not wanting to get into all the reasons I had left. Like it even mattered. I knew for a fact that it was most likely my friends hadn't even noticed that I left.

"I don't know. I don't go to parties," he responded.

I wasn't entirely surprised by his confession. Flynn had always avoided social situations. When we were fifteen I thought he was ridiculous because he never went out. I had been in the midst of my own raging social life that involved delinquency and foolish decisions. But that was before I realized how hard it was for Flynn to be around other people. He struggled with daily interactions in a way the rest of us took for granted. And why would he choose to hang out with people who never once made him feel like he belonged?

Myself included.

"That's not true. We went to a party once," I said, before I could censor myself. My mouth fused shut and I wished I could take back my words. The last thing I wanted was to connect with him over that particular shared memory.

Especially one that was so horrible.

From the look on Flynn's face I knew he was remembering that night all those years ago with perfect clarity. But unlike me, he wasn't one to hold back what was on his mind.

"Your friends put my head in the cooler and then made me leave," he stated flatly. I winced. Even though I had convinced myself I had gotten over my Flynn laced guilt, I still felt it rearing its shameful head.

I had taken him with me to a party at Stu's, whose parents were out of town. Stu lived in a trailer park by the river and the drinking was primarily happening in his fenced in back yard.

It was in a less savory side of town so the typical collection of high school dropouts, stoners and preppy kids trying to seem hard-core were there. I knew better than to take Flynn there. He had been adamant that he didn't want to go.

He had been anxious yet I had pushed him even knowing what kind of reception he would be given. I don't know why I had done that; what I had hoped to prove by dragging him there. I had known that my friends would gang up on him. So why hadn't I listened when he had pleaded to stay at his house and watch television?

Because I had always been selfish. I had always had a hard time thinking of anyone but myself. I had wanted to go. And that was the end of it.

I had been working overtime to keep my friendship with Flynn a secret so I must have been experiencing some temporary insanity when I had made the suggestion.

So we had gone to Stu's party. And it had been a disaster. And I had done nothing to stop Flynn's humiliation.

I hadn't stopped my friends as they tormented him. I had actually joined in as everyone started changing "Freaky Flynn" over and over again. Flynn had gotten violently angry, turning over a table and kicking over lawn chairs. He had clawed at their hands as they lifted him up and dunked him in the ice-cold beer cooler headfirst. I had forced myself to laugh through all of it, encouraging Shane and Dania as they tossed him out the back gate and locked it behind him.

And I silently hated myself the whole time.

I had remained at the party like a coward instead of going after him to make sure he was all right. I had been thanked by everyone for bringing the night's entertainment and then I proceeded to get wasted.

I had buried my guilt under a deep layer of alcohol and drugs.

And Flynn had forgiven me, even when I couldn't apologize. He always did. I wasn't sure who was the bigger idiot. Flynn for accepting an apology I could never verbalize or me for not being brave enough to say it.

"I waited out here all night for you to come by after I left that party. But you never came," Flynn went on. His words were matter of fact. Not an accusation, just the simple truth. I could picture the Flynn Hendrick of years ago, huddled up on the bench, shivering in his wet clothes.

"What's the point in talking about shit that's already happened, Flynn? What's done is done," I said harshly, my voice rough with emotions I was trying like hell to put a lid on.

Flynn didn't say anything at my outburst. He continued to look at the ground, refusing to meet my eyes. And perhaps that was for the best. Because the sight of the piercing green would undo me.

"I'd better go." It was long past time for me to leave. I had pushed beyond the reasonable limits for this less than pleasant walk down memory lane.

"Okay," Flynn said. Though a part of me wished he would stop me. But he had never asked me to stick around. Not even when we were friends a lifetime ago. He had always let me leave.

I realized I was more than a little resentful about that.

Because just once I'd like someone to ask me to stay. I needed to feel wanted. And the one person who had ever made me feel like that was incapable of verbalizing it when I needed so desperately to hear it.

"I'll see ya around," I threw over my shoulder as I headed back across the darkened yard.

Flynn stayed quiet. And his silence pierced the thick walls around my heart.

9

-Flynn-

Many years ago...

I was alone.

I was always alone.

I don't have friends.

I don't talk to anyone.

I sit by myself at lunch. I eat my chicken salad sandwich really fast so no one can take it from me. I don't like being hungry. And if Stu saw my lunch he'd eat it.

I hate being alone. I want people to talk to me. I want them to like me. It makes me angry when I try to say something and people ignore me. Or worse they laugh.

They call me names. Lots of names. Mean names.

A girl named Dania started calling me Freaky Flynn a few months ago and now they all call me that. They yell it when I walk down the hall.

Someone wrote it on my locker with black marker. I cried. I was so angry and everyone was laughing. They called me a pu**y and someone shoved me into the wall.

The mean girl, Dania, pushed me and called me a loser. I didn't want her touching me. I yelled at her and threw my science book at her face. There was a guy named Shane standing next to her and he threw my book in the trash and told me to go get it.

I didn't want to. But he grabbed me and shoved me into the trashcan.

It smelled bad. I threw up. And they just kept laughing and shoving me.

Every day is the same. I hate going to school. I try to stay home but my mom makes me go. She says I can't let them get to me. That I have to be strong. I don't want to be strong.

I want them to stop.

The only thing I like about school is Ellie. I like seeing her. When she talks to me in class, it makes me happy.

She is still mean sometimes but she is nicer now. She asks me about my drawings and she tells me she wishes she could draw too.

I tell her I can teach her.

She laughs and says she isn't talented enough. I like her laugh. It makes my insides feel weird.

I still get angry when she calls me Freaky Flynn. But it also makes me feel something else. Not mad, but worse. My new doctor says it is sadness. He helps me figure out the way I am feeling and how to tell what other people are feeling.

I know when Ellie is frowning, she is mad. And when she is laughing, she is happy. But the other stuff is harder to figure out. I don't understand when she looks at me sometimes and her mouth turns down. It makes me nervous.

And I feel sad when Ellie is mean to me. When she is with her friends she is just as mean as they are.

I want to cry when she calls me bad words. I don't like it when she cusses. I told her that once and then she got mad and called me something even worse. Then she laughed with her friends and I felt bad.

But she is nice to me in class and then I'm happy again.

She is pretty. When I go home, I'll draw her face. But I still hate the colors she puts in her hair.

She came to school one day without any color in it and she looked really nice. I told her she was pretty and she smiled at me. And I felt weird inside again. It was like a tingling but better.

My mom isn't able to pick me up after school today and I am worried. She started a new job and she told me sometimes I would have to walk home. I didn't want to walk home. It was really far. I would get lost.

So Mom bought me a watch and told me it would take me eighteen minutes to walk home. Mom and I had walked back and forth from school to my house five times over the weekend so I knew where I was going.

Mom was right. It took exactly eighteen minutes to get home. I knew which houses I'd see and how long it should take. Mom had written down the times so I could check my watch.

But I am still nervous.

My stomach feels tight as I start to walk down the road after school. What if Dania or Stu try to hurt me? What if they yell at me and call me names? That makes me worry. I rub my hands together. Up and down. Over and over again.

"Hey!" I hear someone yell but I won't look at them. I just have to keep walking. I am scared it is Dania or Stu.

"Hey!" they call out again and I start to walk faster. I don't want to be called names again. I don't want to feel angry.

"Flynn, stop!" A hand grabs my arm and I flinch back.

"Don't touch me!" I yell, pushing the hand away.

Ellie holds up her hands and frowns. "Sorry! I didn't mean anything. I just saw you walking and wondered where you were going," she said and I don't know if she is going to be mean or not. Her eyes are frowning but I can't tell if she is angry.

"Are you mad at me?" I ask.

Ellie frowns again, her mouth turns down. "Why would I be mad at you?" she said.

"You're frowning and your mouth looks mean. I thought that meant you were mad," I tell her.

Ellie's mouth isn't turned down anymore. She is smiling. I know this means she is happy. And then she laughs and my stomach feels like bugs crawling around inside. I like her laugh. It makes me feel good.

"You're so f**king weird Freaky," she said.

She called me Freaky. I hate that name! It makes me worse than angry.

"Don't call me that!" I yell, wanting to hit her.

She frowned again. Why was she frowning so much? I was the one that was mad.

"Okay, I won't," she said and then she smiles. I smile too.

I start walking again. I need to get home. I have been standing there too long. I only have twelve more minutes to get there. I haven't even passed the red barn yet. I know I should have passed it two minutes ago.

"Wait up, Flynn!" Ellie said, running to catch up with me.

"I haven't passed the barn yet," I tell her.

"What?" she asks.

I point to the building ahead of me. I should have passed the barn when my watch said three forty-five. Now it is three forty-nine. This isn't right. I feel anxious.

"Okay, well let's hurry up then," Ellie said and starts to run down the road. I don't like to run but it is already three forty-nine. I should have passed the red barn at three forty-five.

I start to run. We pass the barn at three fifty.

"Where to next?" Ellie asks after we have slowed down.

"The stream with the four rocks. I'll see it in four minutes," I tell her, still walking.

"Cool. I don't think I've ever seen the stream with the four rocks," she said, pushing her shoulder into mine. I move away from her when she touches me even though I kind of like it. Because she is still smiling. She is really pretty, even though her hair is blue now.

"I hate the blue," I said, pointing to her head.

Ellie touches her hair and her mouth stops smiling. "Me too," she said. I don't understand. If she doesn't like it, why did she make her hair that color?

"Is that the stream?" she asks, pointing. I look down at my watch. It is only three fifty-three. We have gotten to the pond too early. It should have taken four minutes, not three. I start rubbing my hands. Up and down. Over and over again.

"Hey, what is it?" Ellie asks.

"It should have taken four minutes. Not three! Four!" I said, feeling upset.

Ellie laughs. "It's okay, Flynn. That just means we'll get to where you're going that much quicker. No need to get upset about it," she said.

I look at my watch. Ellie puts her hand over it and I pull away.

"Stop it!" I tell her, feeling mad again.

"Stop looking at your watch. It's okay if it takes us a little longer. What's the big deal?"

I point at my watch and the list of times Mom had made. "It was supposed to take four minutes! Not three!" I yell. Why can't she see it?

Ellie takes the paper and looks at it. "Is this for real?" she asks and I don't understand what she is saying.

"I'm supposed to be at the purple mailbox in three minutes. See," I said, pointing to the paper, still feeling upset.

Ellie is frowning again. I like it better when she smiles.

"What's wrong with you?" she asks me and my stomach twists up. Everyone always asks me that. I don't understand why they ask me that.

"I have to get to the purple mailbox," I said, taking the paper from her hands and folding it back up along the creases.

Ellie walks beside me. I don't want her asking me that question again. That question makes me angry and worried.

"There's the purple mailbox," Ellie said and her voice is funny. I look at my watch and am happy to see it has taken three minutes just like Mom said it would.

"Five minutes and I'll be home," I said, feeling good. I like being at home.

"Can I come with you?" Ellie asks and she makes a strange noise. Like she is trying to cough up something.

"Stop making that noise. My dog makes that noise when he's swallowed a bone. Did you swallow something?" I ask her.

Ellie shakes her head. "You say the craziest shit, Flynn. No, I didn't swallow anything. I was just hoping we could hang out for a while."

"Does that mean you're my friend now?" I ask. I hope she is my friend. I want a friend. And I like Ellie. Except when she is mean. Then I don't like her at all.

Ellie kicks something. "Yeah. I guess so. I'll be your friend if you want."

I smile at her. "I really want you to be my friend, Ellie," I said.

And Ellie is smiling again and I know she is happy.

"I think I like you too, Flynn. Even if you say a lot of weird crap."

"I'll try not to say weird crap," I said. I want her to be her friend. I don't want to say weird crap and make her mad at me.

Ellie laughs and I smile bigger. "I like when you say weird crap, Flynn. It's sort of funny."

"Don't laugh at me. I don't like that," I said, worrying that she'll start being mean again.

"No Flynn. I won't laugh at you. Only with you. Cool?"

I don't know what she means but I can tell she isn't laughing at me so I feel okay.

"You can come to my house. You can have some of my mom's banana bread. She makes it every day for me," I tell her; happy she wants to come with me.

"Your mom makes you banana bread every day?" she asks me.

I nodded. "Every day. It's my favorite."

Ellie is quiet again. I look at my watch. Three minutes until I will be home.

"Can I stop to pick some flowers?" Ellie asks, pointing at the yellow flowers on the side of the road.

"I have to get home," I tell her, crossing over the wooden bridge that leads into the woods by my house.

I know where I am. I like knowing where I am.

Ellie stops following me. I look down at my watch. I have two minutes. But I don't want to leave Ellie by herself.

So I stop. I cover my watch with my hand so I can't look at it. And I wait for Ellie while she picks the yellow flowers with the black dots in the middle.

I am going to be late. I have two minutes.

But I won't leave Ellie by herself.

She comes back and starts walking with me. She holds the flowers and twists the stems together into a knot. She isn't smiling anymore. Her mouth is turned down again.

Then she throws the flowers into the stream by the road. Why did she pick them and then throw them away?

"Why did you do that?" I ask, pointing to the flowers in the water.

"They're too pretty," she said.

"Like you," I tell her. And that makes her smile. I am glad I said it.

She looks at me and I drop my eyes. I can't look at her. It makes me feel strange.

"I'm too pretty?" she asks, her voice rising but she is still smiling.

I nod. "You're beautiful."

It is true. She is the most beautiful girl I have ever seen. Much prettier than the lady on television that reads the news. She makes me feel funny inside too. But Ellie is prettier. She makes my stomach turn. I like her.

I don't look at her though. I have to get home. I should have been home one minute ago.

But then Ellie takes my hand. I try to pull away but she won't let me. I don't want her to touch me. But she won't let go.

Her fingers go between mine and it feels really strange. I don't like people touching me. But I think I like Ellie touching me. My stomach turns again and I feel a tingling lower in my body. I have never felt that before. I don't know what it is. It makes me nervous.

"I like you, Flynn. A lot," she said and I look up at her. She isn't looking at me but she is still smiling.

"I like you too, Ellie," I said and she squeezes my hand and then drops it. My fingers curl up and I hate that she wasn't touching me anymore.

I like it.

I like her.

A lot.

And she likes me.

I am happy.

10

-Ellie-

"So my lease is up at the end of November and my landlord said he's renting it out to someone else," Dania was saying as I counted the money in the cash register at the beginning of my shift.

I hoped my friend would leave soon. I had three chapters of reading for my English class that I had hoped to finish this evening. I then had to write a five-page essay. I was strangely excited to get started. I was finding that I loved my college class.

After I had gotten over my initial feelings of inadequacy I was able to get into the experience. And even though Casey and the others kept their distance I was too engrossed in the lessons to care about the looks I still received.

I had even done something crazy. I had spoken with the financial aid lady about whether I could afford to take more classes next semester. She had looked into it and said that the state would pay for me to take four classes. That would make me a full time student at Black River Community College.

I never thought I would be full-time anything other than possible jail inmate or JAC's employee.

We had talked too about the possibility of my transferring to a four-year school after next semester. I had immediately shut that conversation down. While I was making the step to even consider continuing my education at the community college, talking about going on to an actual university had me close to a panic attack.

I just wasn't emotionally ready for that kind of preparation and commitment. I was only now getting used to the idea that perhaps there was more for me than minimum wage and the prestigious honor of being Jeb's employee of the month.

My bag toppled over, my textbook falling out onto the floor. I hastily kicked it under the counter before Dania could see it and start asking questions. I wasn't ready to hear her unsupportive opinion.

I tried to give Dania my full attention. I couldn't help but notice that she wasn't looking very good. Her skin was chalky and she had dark circles under her eyes as though she hadn't been sleeping well. Her long, dark hair, normally glossy and full of body, was lank and dull.

"So what are you going to do?" I asked her, knowing that problem solving wasn't Dania's strong suit. I knew I would be called on to help fix her situation. It's what I had always done.

So why was I now feeling slightly resentful at her inability or unwillingness to figure this stuff out on her on?

Dania shrugged, grabbing a beef stick from the glass jar and peeling the plastic back. She took a bite and gagged, dropping it on the counter. "That tastes awful!" she blanched.

I picked up her discarded snack and put it in the trash. "Try one of these. You'll like it," I said, handing her a raspberry flavored sucker.

She popped it into her mouth and smiled around the candy. "Thanks, Ells," she said, smiling genuinely.

She hopped up onto the counter, letting her legs dangle. "I don't know what I'm going to do. I've got nowhere else to go. I don't know why Mr. Lewis is being such an ass**le! How can he go to sleep at night knowing he's kicking a pregnant woman out on the streets?" she fumed.

I could hazard a guess as to why Mr. Lewis was more than eager to see my friend find somewhere else to live. Dania's penchant for not paying rent probably made it pretty easy for him to toss her on her backside.

But I'd never tell her that. "I can help you look for a place if you want," I suggested less than eagerly, closing the register and switching on the security monitor.

"Or..." Dania began, giving me a look I knew all too well.

It was a look that meant only trouble.

For me.

"Or what?" I prompted.

"We could look for a place together. It would be like old times, Ells! Come on!" Dania urged, her face lighting up.

I suppressed the urge to groan. The last thing I wanted was to share a space with my best friend. Aside from her inability to pay her bills, her penchant for bringing home random men and excessive amounts of recreational drug and alcohol use didn't make her an ideal roommate.

Even though she had been the only person to help me out after I had come out of juvie, it wasn't a time in my life I cared to repeat. I had hated living with her. Aside from the reasons already mentioned, she was also a bitch to deal with on a regular basis. I could handle her dramatics and mood swings when I had my own space to disappear to at the end of the day. Being around her 24/7 could very well push me over the edge.

When I didn't answer with equal enthusiasm, Dania's face clouded darkly. "I get it. I help you out when you need it but I shouldn't expect it in return. That's fine. At least I know where our friendship stands."

She was angry. And angry Dania was an irrational and scary Dania.

"Don't be like that. I've just worked really hard to get my own place. You know that. I don't do well living with other people. Having to share a room for my entire life makes me possessive of my own space," I tried to reason. But Dania wasn't listening.

She hopped off the counter. "I'm in a f**king bind here, Ellie. You think I want to have to grovel at your feet for help? But I have nowhere to f**king go! I'm almost five months pregnant!" She poked her belly hard. "What the hell am I supposed to do if my own best friend won't help me out?" Her voice had become shrill and borderline hysterical.

"Of course I'll help you, Dania. Don't be stupid," I said, feeling the familiar exhaustion of having to deal with her temper tantrums setting in.

"Don't make me your charity case, Ellie!" she spat, knocking a canister of gum off the counter, sending it crashing to the floor.

"I'm just the knocked up idiot! The view must be great on that pedestal your fat ass is sitting on," she sneered. "It must feel good to be able to look down your perfect little nose at the rest of us. Did you forget that I know you? I know all of your ugly secrets? I was there when you sucked off half the football team for a line of coke!" I grimaced. Nothing like having your worst mistakes flung in your face by the person who was supposed to be your best friend.

She was going in for the kill. And when Dania was pissed, she was cruel. She didn't care about the consequences or effects of her words.

"Or in your efforts to be better than the rest of us did you forget about slashing the gym teachers tires after you told him you loved him and he turned you down?" God, did she have to bring that up?

It hadn't been my finest hour. But I had been young and desperate for attention. And the hot, young gym teacher had been sweet and attentive. He had been nice about it when I declared that I was in love with him and that he should leave his wife for me. But I had been devastated. I was only fourteen for crying out loud.

And it had been Dania who suggested that we trash his car. She stood there while I took a switchblade to the walls of his brand new tires. She handed me her house key so I could scrape it down the pretty red paint job. But she took off when the principal came out into the parking lot. And I was the one left to take the fall.

Dania's memory was selective at best. She remembered things in a way to make it easier for her.

But she didn't mess around. She was digging her claws into every single wound and ripping them open.

"Or how about that f**king freak you used to hang out with? Did you conveniently forget what you did to him?" she shrieked. I needed to calm her down. Of course she chose to lose it when there were actual customers in the store.

A little, white haired lady was glaring at a seething and venting Dania.

"Dania, stop it!" I hissed, coming out from behind the counter. She slapped my face when I tried to get close to her.

"I hate you, Ellie McCallum! You're the worst friend ever! How could you turn your back on me when I'm like this?" she screamed, beating her fists on her stomach. She was unraveling quickly.

I grabbed her by the upper arms and gave her a firm shake. "Calm the f**k down, Dania! Right. Now!" I demanded. She shook her head, her dark hair flying. And then like a switch had been flipped, she wasn't raging anymore. She crumpled into a heap on the floor and started sobbing.

The white haired lady gave my friend a look of disgust and quickly left the store. I hurried to the door and flipped the closed sign.

I returned to Dania who hadn't moved from the ball she had curled in. I was unfortunately too used to her meltdowns. They had been occurring with more and more frequency since she had gotten pregnant. Dania was volatile on a good day. Pump her full of hormones and you had a level ten detonation.

I realized as I helped her to her feet that at some point in the past year I had grown increasingly tired of Dania's dramatics. Of her selfish and narcissistic behavior. It was easy to excuse when we were young and stupid. But now that were staring adulthood and all the responsibilities that entailed in the face, I was less willing to excuse her craziness.

That's just Dania didn't really cut it anymore.

But I still found myself helping my borderline psychotic friend to her feet.

"Stop crying, Dania. We'll figure something out!" I told her firmly, needing her to snap out of it so I could get back to work.

"You'll help me?" Dania asked, instantly brightening.

I nodded, knowing I had been played. How often had she flipped out in the past to get her way? Someone hadn't grown out of the toddler tantrum phase apparently.

She's my friend. She's the only family I have. She helped me; I have to help her.

I repeated this over and over again, hoping it would erase some of the growing irritation I felt toward her. And it did. Somewhat.

I didn't have anyone. But I had Dania. Whether I really wanted her or not.

"Of course I will. Now I've got to clean this up," I admonished her gently. Dania rubbed her red eyes with her hands and just like that she was fine.

"Yeah, sorry about that," she giggled and I wanted to strangle her for her self-involved indifference.

I bit down on my frustrated sigh and cleaned up the mess while Dania hopped back up on the counter and started talking about the places she knew would be just perfect for us to move into.

I pulled out my essay that I had somehow been able to finish in between dealing with Dania and agreeing to take the closing shift at JAC's the night before. I had come to the college campus two hours early so I could type up my sloppy hand written paper.

I passed it up to Casey, who had obviously forgiven my outburst a month earlier. We were never going to be best buddies, but I could talk to her without growling and Casey could look at me without looking like she wanted to run away.

"What did you end up writing about?" Casey asked as I handed her the rest of the papers from the people behind me. We had been reading Nathanial Hawthorne's Young Goodman Brown. I'd really enjoyed it and I had gotten into my topic.

"I ended up writing about the role of Satan," I told her quietly.

"Wow. That's good! I just did a plot analysis. It totally sucked." Casey made a face. I didn't respond.

I was hesitantly pleased with my paper. I think I had done a good job, but considering the chaos of my evening I couldn't be sure. I hated that I wanted to focus on this. That I really wanted to give it a shot, but it seemed like everything else in my life was determined to get in the way.

Dania had stuck around for another hour after her flip out. I had practically counted down the minutes until she left. By the time she went out the door she had somehow convinced me to go apartment hunting later in the week.

I didn't want to live with her. I'd rather chew off my own arm. But somehow she made me feel that I owed it to her. Good to know her friendship was so conditional.

I had been more than eager to get to school the next day. Somehow, someway in the last month, Black River Community College had become my sanctuary. I was only there for four hours a week but it was enough to keep me going the rest of the time.

Being on campus, sitting in class, talking about things like symbolism and plot devices, I could put some distance between Ellie burgeoning college student and Ellie my life sucks and I'll never get out of Wellsburg McCallum.

It had been almost two weeks since I had ended up at Flynn's house. Two weeks and I watched and waited for him to pop back up at the most inconvenient moment.

Imagine my disappointment when it was almost as though he had vanished.

And that annoyed me. And it annoyed me that it annoyed me.

Sure, I could have gone to the art studio. Flynn had asked me to stop by after all. I could have appeased my potentially destructive Flynn Hendrick curiosity and gotten it out of my system by seeing him again.

But I just couldn't.

I was more than embarrassed by my behavior the last time I had seen him. I had been weak. I had been vulnerable. I had been a big, whiny ass**le.

Flynn represented a life I had left behind me. A world I had severed ties to when I had gone to juvie.

A world I thought I'd never exist in again.

I had lost everything because of that unusual man and I was beginning to think he had no idea.

I had held onto my bitterness and anger for so long it had become a part of me. If I let it go I wasn't sure what I'd be left with.

My anger had kept me strong. It kept me whole. It was part of the person I had become.

As I talked with Flynn in his moonlit yard, I felt the snarls of my rage loosen and fade away.

It had everything to do with the way he spoke to me. The way he had me reminiscing. The way he had reminded me of the girl I had been. One that wasn't angry. That wasn't bitter.

He made me remember a lonely girl who had been drawn to a sad boy and had found comfort in him.

I had to push him away. It's what I did. It's how I ensured my continued survival. It's how I protected my heart. I had to destroy the renewed connection before it had a chance to destroy me.

Keeping my distance seemed the only real way to do that. But it also felt like a coward's way out.

And if I knew anything, it was that Ellie McCallum was no coward.

After class, I gathered my things and walked with purposeful strides across the manicured lawns.

"I see you found your way to class." I stopped and turned to see the sunburned girl walking in the same direction I was headed.

Her brown hair was now in matted dreads down her back and her sunburn had faded into a healthy, golden brown.

"Guess so," I responded, not in the mood for superficial conversation. The girl was clearly not tuned into subtle cues because she fell into step beside me. I gave her the ubiquitous once over and rolled my eyes. She was obviously of the pseudo hippie persuasion with patched jeans and dirty toes peeping over the edges of her battered Birkenstocks. Just give the girl a second hand guitar and the look would be complete.

"Is this your first year?" she asked and I thought about ignoring her. I hadn't come to school to make friends. Hell, I could barely tolerate the ones I had, so I wasn't looking to acquire any new ones. And small talk would invariably lead to conversation, which would end up in invitations to hang out and expectations to develop a relationship I wasn't interested in beginning.

But some strange compulsion had me answering her honestly. "Yeah. It is. You?" Shit, why had I asked her that? Now she would think I was interested in anything she had to say.

"Nope. I'm a second year. I plan to transfer out of here in the spring. Get my Bachelor's. Do something with my life, ya know?"

No I didn't know. But I didn't tell her that. No sense in unloading my lack of forward planning with a girl who obviously hadn't washed her hair in a while.

I didn't respond and we fell into silence. Awkward for me, easy and comfortable for her.

"I'm Kara Baker," she said, offering her name in the same tone you offer a cigarette. Unbothered. Noncommittal. Whatever.

I nodded and kept quiet. She laughed after a few minutes. "Am I supposed to guess yours? Because I'm really bad at that shit." Her rich laugh had me smiling in spite of myself.

Whether I wanted to or not, I kind of liked this chick.

"Ellie McCallum," I answered.

"Ellie. That's a cool name. Is it short for something? Eleanor maybe? Elvira? I know it's Elora!"

I smirked and shook my head.

"Nope, just plain ole Ellie."

"Plain my ass. You've got the whole tortured lone wolf thing going on. There are probably all kinds of crazy shit going on with you."

"Not exactly," I mumbled, the momentary softening I had felt already freezing over. I was officially done playing let's get to know each other.

"There's a story there. I can feel it," Kara teased but I wasn't in the mood for teasing.

"Nope, no story. Look I've gotta go," I said abruptly. Without waiting for her response, I picked up the speed and hurried ahead. I heard her call something after me but this time I went with my first instinct and ignored her.

I pushed through a door I had only been through one other time and silently moved down the almost empty corridor until I found myself standing outside the large windows looking into the art studio.

And just like the last time, Flynn was sat at a table, his hands moving deftly through a mound of clay. His fingers molded and shaped without hesitation. I had always enjoyed watching him like this. Creating. He became someone else. Someone confident and almost ballsy. It was awesome.

I stood in the hallway a little while longer, debating whether I should go inside. I didn't know if I would be crossing into territory I needed to stay away from.

But then I acted without thinking. I pressed down on the door handle and faltered only a second before taking the plunge. The door hit the wall as I pushed it open with more force than was necessary. The bang bounced around the quiet room.

Flynn looked up, his hands still deep in the clay and he appeared startled to see me.

"Ellie," he said flatly.

"Flynn," I replied just as emotionless.

I stared at him long after he had dropped his eyes and continued to work on his project. I was already second-guessing my brash impulsivity.

"I'm glad you came," Flynn's words carried across the room and hit me directly in the chest.

Not able to stand there any longer, I shuffled toward him, my flip-flops slapping against the tiled floor. My bag hung off my shoulder and my terrified reluctance echoed in every step.

I still hadn't said a word. I didn't know what to say. So I watched him and it was easy to fall back into an old pattern. I sat down on the bench beside him, careful to allow a certain amount of space between us. I dropped my bag to the floor and leaned forward, my hair brushing the backs of my arms as they braced the wood in front of me.

I followed the movements of his hands with eager eyes, wishing, not for the first time, that I contained an ounce of his talent. What I wouldn't give to be able to express myself like that.

The clock on the wall ticked its way through the hour. Each second punctuated by a growing sense of familiar ease. His art was therapy. Not just for him but for me as well.

After almost thirty minutes, Flynn blew a lock of hair out of his eyes and rolled his shoulders. "My fingers are starting to ache," he explained, pulling his hands out of the clay and flexing them in front of him.

I leaned my head on my hand and stared down at the tiny structure he had sculpted. It looked like a gingerbread house with a latticed roof and decorative trim. It was tiny and perfect.

"What is it?" I asked him, as he stretched out his back in exaggerated movements.

"It's a house," Flynn replied blandly.

I rolled my eyes. "Yeah, I see that, but what's it for?" I asked.

"I'm making a model of the Candy Land board game village. This is going to be the Peanut Brittle House. I've already made the Gumdrop Mountains and the Lollipop Forest," he explained, rubbing out the edges of the small roof with his finger.

"Why?" I asked.

"Because someone paid me to," Flynn replied, already returning to his sculpture.

"Who would want a replica of Candy Land?" I asked, genuinely curious.

Flynn shrugged. "It's for a shop window in New York for Christmas. It's going to light up and have animatronic stuff around it."

I blinked in shock. "New York as in New York City?" I gaped.

"Yep," he responded, seeming a lot less impressed than I was.

"And is that what you do? You make sculptures and people buy them?" I don't know why I was asking. I shouldn't care what he did for a living but I could admit that I was sort of interested. Though I was working hard to convince myself that it didn't mean anything.

"Yeah. I make it and people seem to like it. They pay me a lot of money for it too," he said with zero modesty and absolutely no tact.

"So you're loaded then," I inquired, sounding more than a little bitter.

"I make more money than a lot of people. Probably more than you," he said and I tried not to be insulted. Who was I kidding? I was really insulted.

I had the urge to smash his stupid little house with my fist. But I didn't. I wouldn't let him get to me. I wouldn't be hurt by his thoughtless comments that I knew he didn't really mean.

It sucked how he was able to reaffirm every crappy thing I had thought about myself and my life with only a few words.

Flynn didn't realize the massive blunder he had made with his insensitive observation. I picked up the tiny detailing knife he had been using and carved a line through the smooshy clay.

"Don't touch that," Flynn said, grabbing the implement from my fingers, though I was aware of how he made sure not to touch me. So many things had changed for him, but some were fundamentally the same.

"Sorry. That was probably rude huh?" he asked and I blinked up at him in surprise. Was this Flynn being self-aware?

"Yeah it was," I agreed.

"Sorry," he said again and I found myself smiling again.

"You said that already."

Flynn gave me a shy grin. "I always liked it when you smiled. You have really pretty teeth."

I snorted and it came out as a cough.

"Uh thanks," I stuttered, finding myself without a witty comeback. What could I say to something like that?

"They're really straight and white. They fit your mouth really well," Flynn went on as he peered at my teeth. I wondered if I should open my mouth and let him have a look inside.

"I don't even know what to say to that, Flynn," I told him honestly. Flynn laughed. It was stilted and strained but it was a laugh. And it made me smile with a rusty stretching of lips.

"Do you still want to learn how to do this?" Flynn asked and I frowned. What was he talking about? When had I told him I wanted to sculpt?

Flynn turned back to the table and started rolling the extra clay into a ball and then flattened it with his palm. He repeated the movement over and over again. He was methodical. Every pat, every roll, done in perfectly timed increments.

"You told me that day in school when you were wearing the blue shirt with the torn collar that you wished you could draw. You said you didn't think you were talented enough. I offered to teach you," Flynn said, surprising me with another accurate recollection of a conversation that had occurred almost seven years ago.

"You did offer. I never took you up on that," I said, forcing my brain to think back to a time I had worked hard to forget. My mind stretched and strained as it sought to extract the event Flynn was talking about. I had worked hard to suppress so much of my past that trying to remember things I actually wanted to was difficult. One of the many therapists I had been forced to see over the years had told me that it was my defense mechanism. My mind shut down and shoved away the things that hurt.

It had served me well up until now. Up until I wished to remember specific elements of my past with the same clarity that Flynn did.

"You never asked me again. But if you want, I can show you now," he said, his voice slow and unsure.

I slid across the bench until I was beside him. I still didn't touch him. I knew he didn't like that. I didn't want that either. But I was close enough to smell the soap he had used in the shower and the sharp acridity of sweat drying on his skin from sitting in the warm room.

Flynn cleared his throat and looked at me from the side of his eyes, never meeting my gaze head on. It was amazing how his nuances and behaviors were familiar to me. Even after all this time and no matter how much my mind blocked out, there were still some things I couldn't forget.

One was the awkward twist of his hands when he was nervous. Another was the slight tick in his jaw when he was worked up. He was doing both right now.

With what seemed to be a conscientious effort, he stopped rubbing his hands together and placed them back in the clay. He took the ball he had made and rolled it across the table until it sat in front of me.

"Knead it for a few minutes. Make it pliable. It will be easier to mold," he told me in small, complete sentences.

I did as he said, enjoying the way it oozed between my fingers.

"Break off a small piece and roll into a cone, like this." Flynn's fingers formed his own piece of clay expertly. I fumbled as I tried to do the same. I held up my finished product with a wry grin.

"Like this?"

Flynn's lips twitched. His smiles were rare things. He gave them sparingly and I found that I resented him for withholding them from me.

He plucked the clay out of my hand and pressed it together between his palms, flattening it before rolling it back into a ball. He put it down on the table.

"Try it again," he instructed. I fought the urge to become oppositional and angry. I had never taken direction well. I balked at authority and had made it a mission while growing up to fight against the system in the only way that I could, with complete and total defiance.

But with Flynn, I knew he wasn't trying to be bossy. It was just who he was. And I felt like I was trapped in an endless loop of deja vu as I fought down my annoyance and attempted to accept this man for who he was.

It was becoming frighteningly easy to slip back into our old roles. I was slowly stepping back into the shoes of an Ellie McCallum that I had thought long gone. An Ellie that had existed only with Flynn.

Swallowing thickly. I rolled and spread the clay again. And once more Flynn flattened it and handed it back.

"You're not doing it right. It should look like this," he held out his own flawless example and I thought childishly about squishing it, ruining it the way he had ruined mine.

But his insistence on perfection resulted in me finally creating a cone he was happy with.

"That looks good. Now pinch off another ball of clay and roll it between your fingers," he said and I followed his directions. I watched and mimicked his movements, often not to his standards. And I would get frustrated when he'd insist I do it over again.

Forty-five minutes later, I was grinning from ear to ear as I put the last touches on a tiny, detailed bouquet of clay flowers that I had made all by myself. With Flynn's help of course.

"Wow, that's beautiful," I breathed out; hardly able to believe I had made something so delicate. My clumsy, inept fingers seemed incapable of something like this. But here I was, holding something lovely. It filled me with pride.

And it had been fun.

I had enjoyed myself.

Flynn nodded his head. "It is. You did a good job," he said, his praise making me happier than I'd like to admit.

"What should I do with it now?" I asked, not wanting to touch it, afraid I'd mess it up. My hands, so unaccustomed to making anything worthwhile, seemed poised ready to destroy it. It's what I was good at.

"It needs to go into the kiln," Flynn said, indicating the clay oven on the other side of the room. I carefully picked up my tiny creation and followed him. He gently took the flowers from my hand and placed them on the rack inside.

While he situated the pieces I looked at the pottery on the table that Flynn had just removed from the kiln. I picked up a tiny dog that was strangely familiar.

"This is cute. Did you make it?" I said, rubbing the rough edges with my finger.

"Yes," Flynn muttered, taking the dog from my hand and placing it back on the table.

I stared closer at the creature he had made and struggled with another memory I had shut away. "You had a dog that looked like. What was his name?" I asked, hazy recollections of a hairy dog danced through my head.

Flynn's face paled and he dipped his chin until it hit his chest. His hands clasped together in front of him and he started to rub furiously.

What had I said?

"Marty," Flynn said quietly.

Marty?

That's right! He had a Border Collie named Marty!

"You would throw balls around your yard and he'd pick them up and put them in a pile by your feet," I said, smiling. Images of long fur and a wet tongue on my cheek made me feel warm inside.

Another memory of sitting on Flynn's living room couch and Marty laying his head in my lap flooded my mind.

It was a memory of happy days and smiling faces. His mother's banana bread and Flynn's hesitant touches followed by breathless laughter and dog fur tickling my skin.

"Did you bring him with you?" I asked, hoping Flynn would say yes.

"Marty's dead," Flynn barked out with obvious anger. He gripped the clay dog in his hands and then in a flurry of violence, he threw it against the wall. It exploded in a rain of rubble to the floor.

The room was deathly quiet after Flynn's outburst.

I waited a few beats, unable to move.

"Flynn..." I began but he shook his head.

"Shut up! Don't say anything. Just leave me alone for a minute!" He retreated to the other side of the room and I was left standing there, not knowing what in the hell I said to send him spiraling like that.

I listened to the ticking clock and wondered whether I should leave. It seemed our nice afternoon was at an end.

But it felt oddly wrong to leave him while he was so upset. So I sat down and fiddled with the small sculptures.

The minutes ticked by and I chanced a look at Flynn. He seemed composed now if not a bit embarrassed. His face was flushed red and he was chewing on his bottom lip.

"It was the fire. The fire killed him. He never got out," he called out, startling me.

"What?" I asked, not sure I had heard him correctly.

"The fire at my house. He died in it. He used to sleep in the basement and Mom couldn't get to him."

Air left my lungs and my head began to buzz.

Flynn slowly came back to my side of the room. With shaking hands, he bent down and started cleaning up the shattered remains of the clay dog.

I felt sick. I felt horrified. I wanted to run screaming from the awful truth I had just been given. I hastily tried to shove the guilt into a more manageable space inside of me before I choked on it. But it was too late.

Marty, the beautiful Border Collie was dead. The dog I had cuddled and kissed and who Flynn had loved was gone.

Because of me.

I felt it deep in my soul. The unjust futility of his lost life. The tragedy of it threatened to undo me.

I started the brutal and violent process of smothering the shame in the pit of my stomach. Shove, push, cut it up into tiny compact pieces so that it was easier to get rid of.

Once I had packed it away I was finally able to face him again and express the words that were expected in this kind of situation.

"I'm so sorry, Flynn" I began but he interrupted me.

"Why are you sorry? You didn't kill him. The fire killed him. He couldn't get out."

The door to my emotions flew wide open again and I was left speechless.

What?

My throat closed up and my mouth went dry.

Flynn didn't know.

Somehow he had been shielded from the reality of that horrific night.

I had lived the last six years thinking all my cards had been on the table. That Flynn knew what had happened.

But for some reason he hadn't been given that particular painful piece of knowledge. And I was jealous of his blissful ignorance. He didn't have to carry around the knowledge of what I had done to him. He was oblivious and a hateful part of me despised him for it.

My head hurt. My chest felt too tight.

I needed to leave.

Without another word, I grabbed my bag and left the art studio. Flynn didn't call after me. He didn't follow me. I didn't expect him to.

But some tiny, annoying part of me that hadn't been beaten down by emotional numbness was sad that he didn't.

11

-Ellie-

Spending time with Flynn had been a mistake. And it wasn't one I wanted repeated.

Our brief encounter had been as explosive as a land mine. It had blown open doors that I had kept resolutely shut for a very long time. But in the end it had also fortified me in the way only self-destruction can.

Days faded into one another and I didn't see him. My feet were itching to walk across campus once or twice, heading in the direction where I knew I'd find him, but my rational mind reigned supreme over traitorous desires.

I hated myself for the weakness. I hated him for bringing it out in me. I was in a thick quagmire of all around loathing.

But it wasn't all bad. Even as I struggled with Flynn's presence in my world, I was finding dreams perhaps weren't so unattainable.

Professor Smith had called my name before I left class one Friday afternoon. I startled at the sound of his bland, non-descript tone. I immediately began to catalog the million and one ways I could have possibly gotten into trouble.

It was instinct. I couldn't help it. Rarely was my name called for a good reason.

So I was shocked to the tips of my toes when he pulled out the essay I had handed in several weeks ago on Young Goodman Brown with a red A blazoned on the top.

I took the paper and stared at it. Was this a joke? I don't think I'd ever gotten an A in my life.

Professor Smith had written a few comments along the margins. Excellently explained! And wonderful analysis! Well done!

Professor Smith pointed at my essay. "This is excellent work, Ellie. It was one of the better essays I've read in a long time. Your arguments were solid and well thought out. There was a level of deduction that is highly complex and in my opinion more in line for a graduate level class. I have to say I'm extremely impressed by your work in this class. I would urge you to take some more challenging English classes next semester. Your writing is effortless and fluid. It's clear you have a natural gift. It would be a shame for you not to pursue it."

My mouth gaped open and I closed it quickly. I didn't know what to say. I had taken the class on a whim. And here I was being told I was actually doing well.

I couldn't think of a time in my life when I was told I was good at something. In school, I had barely coasted by and the people at juvie had been anything but encouraging.

But here was a college professor telling me I sort of rocked in his own boring, uninspiring way. Pride was nice to feel.

I rolled my essay up and gripped it tightly in my hand, scared to accept what he was telling me, but unwilling to dismiss it altogether.

"Have you signed up for classes for the spring yet?" Professor Smith asked me.

I shook my head. I didn't want to say that I was suffering from a severe case of chicken shit. Not knowing how to believe in yourself was hard on the whole planning for a possible future thing.

Professor Smith wrote something down on a sticky note and handed it to me. I looked down and saw that he had listed three other classes. British Literature, Creative Writing, and the Development of the Short Story.

"These are just some ideas when you're putting your schedule together. They are good pre-requisites for transferring to a four-year school."

I almost swallowed on my tongue. Four-year school? It was the carrot dangling in front of my face. The cheese at the end of the maze. Tantalizing but still so out of reach.

"I don't think" I began, ready to give voice to the idiocy of these pipe dreams.

Professor Smith interrupted me. "Just think about it. No need to make a decision about it now."

Think about it.

Yeah I could do that.

I tapped my essay with my finger. "Will do, Professor. Thank you," I said and I meant it.

Maybe Professor Smith wasn't so bad after all.

I left the Dunlop building in good spirits.

And then my phone rang.

Damn that phone!

"Miss McCallum?" a voice said on the other end.

"Hi Mr. Cox," I said, trying not to snicker. It was my probation officer. Mr. James Cox. Mr. Cox to me. I couldn't say his name without wanting to bust a gut. I was pretty sure his dickish demeanor had a direct correlation to the amount of teasing he received as a kid bearing the brunt of that unfortunate name.

He wasn't the worst as far as probation officer go but he was still a jerk. I for one didn't like having someone look over your shoulder every time I sneezed. I had to account for all of my X,Ys and Zs. I may have mentioned that I didn't care for authority and Mr. Cox embodied everything I hated about people with power.

"I'm going to need you to head over to the Straight Lab office to submit some urine for a drug screening," he informed me.

"I'm supposed to be at work in twenty minutes, Mr. Cox," I argued.

"And this is mandatory as per your probation. Or perhaps you like the view inside a jail cell," Mr. Cox said shortly.

I thought about giving him a sarcastic response but Mr. Cox was not a person who appreciated my dry sense of humor. Mostly because he had no sense of humor himself. His wife must hate him.

"Fine. I'll be there in ten minutes," I muttered, despising the man who jerked me on a string.

"Good. I'll call you in a few days with the results. I hope for your sake they're clean," he warned. He didn't need to tell me what would happen if they weren't.

"I know, sir," I snapped. I couldn't help it. He was pushing the ass**le thing a little too far today.

"We all need a reminder now and then. Goodbye." Mr. Cox had hung up.

I grumbled a few choice obscenities under my breath as I made my way to my car. I shouldn't be so pissy about having to go take an impromptu piss test. It was my own stupidity for getting myself in this situation to begin with.

But it still sucked being tugged around like that.

I drove over to Straight Labs and went inside. I gave a humorless laugh to find Shane and Stu sat in the waiting room.

"The crew's all here," Shane grinned when he saw me. Stu didn't look up from his phone but raised his hand in a lazy wave.

I checked in with the receptionist and went to have a seat across from my friends.

"So what were you doing when you were told to drop everything and come piss in a cup?" Shane asked.

I picked at my cuticles. "Uh, I was at home, no biggie," I lied.

"Well, I was getting some seriously fantastic head. Nothing destroys a hard on like a call from your PO," Shane grumbled.

"Nice," I replied dryly.

"Oh, baby, don't be jealous. You know I'll always have a spot in my heart for that pretty mouth of yours," Shane leered and I rolled my eyes.

"You coming to the party tonight?" Stu asked, still not looking up from his phone.

"Didn't know there was one," I said. I had no plans to go out tonight. I was exhausted and had a lot of reading before Thursday's class.

"I'm wounded, Ells! It's my birthday! How could you forget?" Shane pouted.

"Sorry, Shane. I forgot," I apologized though it wasn't surprising I forgot his birthday. Stu and Shane weren't the remember-their-birthdays kind of friends.

"You haven't gone out with us in ages. What's up with that?" Stu asked, looking up finally. I didn't want to look at him. There was something about his eyes that always made my blood run cold.

"I've just been busy," I responded lamely.

Before Stu could say anything else he was called back to give his urine sample.

"This better not take too long. I need to get back to my apartment. I've got things to take care of," Shane said, grabbing his crotch.

I made a gagging noise. "God, Shane. Enough with the visuals. So who's the lucky girl?" I teased.

I wasn't expecting him to flush red and refuse to meet my eyes.

Huh.

"Shane...come on, tell me!" I goaded.

"Uh..." Shane stuttered.

I had never known Shane to be so secretive about his conquests. He was the type of guy to kiss and tell everyone. Including some grandmothers and a priest or two.

I raised an eyebrow, instantly suspicious.

"Shane..." I said, giving him my best tell-me-or-I'll-twist-your-junk look.

"Dania, okay. But don't say anything to Stu. He's been talking about hooking up with her again."

I groaned. What the hell was wrong with my friends? They jumped in each other's pants faster than a case of crabs. It was gross.

"You jealous, baby?" Shane asked, looking entirely too hopeful.

I threw a magazine that had been sitting on the chair beside me at his face. "No, I'm not jealous you moron! But my god, can't you find someone to f**k that isn't in our immediate group of friends? And I thought Dania was hooking up with that guy from the river party." I realized it had been a while since I had bothered to find out the latest goings on in Dania's personal life. I wasn't sure if that made me a bad friend or a protecting my brain from the images.

"I don't know if she is or not. It was just a random thing. She came by to pick up a movie she left at my place last week and you know how she is," Shane smirked and I threw another magazine at him.

"And you're saying Stu wants her back? Seriously?" Well there went my Stu is g*y theory.

"Yeah. Maybe. He's been sort of nostalgic about her lately," Shane said, rubbing the cheek that was hit the magazine.

My mouth dropped open in shock. "You're kidding me! Nostalgic about what? The time she broke his window? Or the time he called her a slut in front of the entire cafeteria?"

Shane shrugged. "Whatever. I don't really care what they do. I was just getting my rocks off and I don't need Stu up in my ass about it. So just don't say anything."

I curled my lip in disgust.

"Yeah, whatever. I'll let you keep that lovely tidbit all to yourself," I said, looking away. Dania and I were definitely having a talk later about this one. What the hell was she thinking?

You would think after getting knocked up, she'd learn her lesson. Spreading your legs to randoms, even if the random was Shane Nolan, was a stupid idea.

But obviously she needed to be beaten around the head a few more times before she saw it. And I was happy to do the beating.

Shane was called back a few minutes later and then it was my turn.

After I was finished, I went outside and found Stu waiting for me.

"You wanna go get a drink at Woolly's?" Stu asked. My mouth fell open for the second time in less than twenty minutes. Stu Wooten was actually asking me to hang out?

Stu and I weren't close. I could pretend at a relationship with Reggie and Shane but never with Stu. He wasn't a talker. And it was no secret he was a bit homicidal. The truth was he freaked me out. He was the type to shank you as much as look at you.

"Uh, no thanks. I've got stuff to do," I mumbled, unable to come up with a better excuse.

Stu lit up a cigarette and blew out a cloud of smoke. "I saw you talking to that freak," he said, surprising me.

"Flynn?" I asked.

"Is that his name?" Stu countered.

"Yeah. That's his name. And when the hell did you see me talking to him?" I asked. And why did I feel like I was being interrogated?

"At Darla's. You guys seemed pretty cozy." Stu blew out another puff of smoke, this time in my face.

I coughed and waved a hand in front of me.

"What's it to you, Stu?" I was getting annoyed by this whole conversation.

Stu dropped his cigarette and stomped it out.

"It's nothing to me. Just thought it strange that you were hanging out all friendly like with the tard. Seems to me you should be a little more selective in who you hang out with," Stu remarked.

I was going to blow my top. Stu Wooten was the last person I needed shit from.

"Look, Stu, I don't hang out with Flynn. And if I did, that wouldn't be any of your business! And he's not a tard. He has a name. So freaking use it!" I had to take a deep breath to calm myself down. I was getting strangely worked up.

Stu didn't say anything about my outburst. And that made me feel even more foolish. What had possessed me to defend Flynn like that? But it infuriated me to hear Stu disparage him like that.

"Whatever. Later, Ellie," Stu said, climbing up into his truck and I was left standing there feeling completely unsettled.

12

-Ellie-

"This one is adorable! It even has a little balcony!" Dania squealed. The realtor, who had introduced herself as Barbara, stood just inside the door with a fake smile plastered across her smug and judgmental face. She had been irritatingly condescending since Dania and I had arrived at the apartment complex on the north side of Wellsburg.

She had taken one look at Dania with her protruding belly and instantly made up her mind about the two of us. The sad thing she wasn't entirely wrong. Her preconceived notions were entirely too accurate.

Yes, Dania was the flaky unwed mother who continued to smoke like a chimney and drink like a sailor. And I was the brash and aggressive friend with little education and even less class.

We were a white trash duo from the wrong side of the tracks.

"Now this one is $450 a month and that includes utilities. The landlord is strict with rent payments and they are expected on the first of every month. If you are more than three days late more than once, you will be evicted," Barbara, the realtor explained, her eyes darting toward Dania, who was still freaking out over the awesome cabinets.

I narrowed my eyes while crossing my arms over my chest. "I understood when you explained it the last two times, ma'am," I said coldly. Yeah, I get it. We weren't the ideal renters. But she didn't have to be rude about it.

Dania came over and pulled me by the hand down the short hallway. My friend was thrilled because this was the last three-bedroom available in our price range. Low-income housing wasn't exactly hard to come by in Wellsburg but given the space Dania insisted we needed, it didn't give us a lot of options. It was amazing how picky she was when right now she was living in a studio apartment with a broken toilet.

This apartment was situated in a rundown part of town. I wasn't entirely sure how Miss Realtor Lady could look down her nose at us when our potential neighbors would include a known meth dealer and a woman rumored to turn tricks at the truck stop off the highway.

Apparently, unwed mother and her bitchy friend were near the bottom of Barbara's list of shitty people.

I wasn't impressed with the interior. It wasn't horrible but it wasn't that great either. However, it would be a decisive step up from the place where I currently lived. There didn't appear to be a mold problem and the locks seemed to be working. Health and security were both pluses.

"You'd get the smaller room of course. I'll need the big one and the baby will need the other larger one for all of his stuff," Dania was prattling on. I tried not to get pissed about the fact that I was helping her out and she was shafting me with the box room.

She had been insistent that we needed enough space for the baby, even though still refused to commit to raising it. More proof that Dania's thought process wasn't rooted in reality.

I took a deep breath and counted backwards from twenty. Blowing up would end up in a nasty scene that I didn't want to have in front of the ass**le realtor.

"Sure, whatever," I muttered, heading back out into the living room.

Barbara was texting on her phone and looking extremely put out. Her cheap polyester suit had to be sweltering in the late September heat. West Virginia was experiencing an extended summer, with temperatures soaring into the nineties for over three weeks now.

Barbara's makeup was smearing under the layer of sweat on her face and I smirked as she tried to fix her sagging hair.

"When will the place be available?" I asked, openly laughing at her pitiful attempts at straightening her appearance. "I think you're starting to melt, sweetie," I batted my eyes innocently and pointed to a glob of foundation that was running down her cheek.

She huffed and pulled out a tissue from her pocket, blotting her face. "It won't be ready for another month or two. The landlord has to do some work on the unit to get it up to code. But if you're interested, I'll tell him to put you on the list for consideration," she said waspishly, obviously annoyed that I'd noticed her crappy makeup job.

"That would be great. But put it under my name, Ellie McCallum. I'll be the only one on the lease," I told her with a glare, daring her to argue with me. I knew Dania's credit was shot and while mine wasn't great, it would at least pass the required check.

"Fine. I'll let him know. I have your phone number. So I'll be in touch if I find anything else that suits your needs," she said, already opening the door to herd us outside.

Dania was still oohing and ahhing over the place and I was sick and tired of breathing the same air as Miss Makeup Impaired.

Barbara didn't even bother waving goodbye when we parted ways. Nasty bitch.

"Let's go get something to eat! I'm starving!" Dania said, rubbing her belly.

I still had to finish my reading for tomorrow's class and I was hoping to get a shower before my shift at JAC's in a couple of hours, but Dania wasn't one to recognize the word no.

And given the state of her growing stomach, she couldn't say no either, I thought hatefully.

I parked back at my apartment and we walked over to Ma's Diner, which was only a few blocks away. As we walked toward the parking lot, my stomach rumbled at the thought of Ma's famous Key Lime Pie.

I had been eating lunch there for most of my life. The little I could remember of my childhood hadn't been pretty. But I could remember coming here for Sunday lunch after one of my foster families took me to church. And that was a memory that didn't suck.

I was probably eight or nine when I lived with the Owens' family. They were an older couple. Their biological children had already grown up and moved out of the house.

I hated being there. Mrs. Owens was a bible-thumping nut job and her husband had hands that he couldn't keep to himself.

The six months I stayed in their home are hazy at best, thank God. As with much of my past I had effectively shut down the pain and refused to think about it again. But I did remember the church.

We spent four hours every Sunday listening to sermons. I had loved it because it kept me out of their house. It meant that for those four hours I could relax and not worry about Mr. Owens catching me in the bathroom or walking in while I was changing. I didn't have to tiptoe on eggshells around Mrs. Owens else I be forced to kneel on birdseed as penance.

And when church had finally finished and before my stomach would begin to curdle with anxiety at the thought of returning to their house, we'd go to Ma's Diner. And I would be allowed to get a slice of Key Lime Pie that Ma made fresh every day.

Dania and I slid into a booth near the back. I picked up the menu, my fingers sticking to the cracked protective plastic. I skimmed the items but it wasn't necessary. I got the same thing every time I came here.

"Can you take me over to the Family Planning Center tomorrow? They're holding a car seat and crib for me that I need to pick up. My caseworker with Healthy Families said she'd get me a Wal-Mart gift card so I could get things for the baby's room. I was thinking trucks or some shit."

I barely listened to Dania. I knew that her sudden burst of maternal interest wouldn't last long. In the months since she discovered her pregnancy she had flip flopped between total denial of her condition to an excitement level typically reserved for five year olds on their birthdays.

Despite her lip service about getting a crib and picking out drapes for the baby's room, the truth was later tonight she'd be at Woolly's getting drunk and taking some guy home to screw.

I wasn't one to judge anyone for their choices. Everyone had their reasons and motivations for the decisions they made. But as Dania grew larger it was becoming harder and harder to watch her screw up not only her life, but also the life of the tiny person she carried inside her.

When the waitress came over, she gave us a small smile. I recognized her from high school. Her nametag said Emily. Though I couldn't recall anything else about her.

"Hi Ellie! Dania," she said, pulling a pen from the top of the bun that secured her messy brown hair.

Dania frowned, obviously not knowing who Emily was. "Yeah, well I'd like a cheeseburger and fries with a coke. Ellie will have a club sandwich and chips. And bring her a slice of Ma's Key Lime Pie," she said, giving me a smile.

Sometimes she made it so easy to overlook the uglier parts of her personality.

Emily wrote down our order and left, if not a little put out that we didn't initiate conversation. Dania leaned over the table and dropped her voice into an intimate whisper.

"Who the f**k was that and how did she know our names?"

I smirked and shrugged. "She went to school with us I think, but hell if I remember her."

Dania smoothed her long black hair that hung limply around her shoulders. She still looked like crap. Pregnant women were supposed to glow. Dania most certainly was not glowing. Her light had gone out a long time ago.

"So do you want to come with me to pick out some things for the baby's room? We could also use the gift card to get some stuff for the apartment. Like a microwave or something," Dania giggled and I tried to smile but my mouth stuck in a grimace.

"Oh my god! There's Freaky Flynn! I still can't believe he moved back here!" Dania hissed and I looked over my shoulder to see Flynn come into the diner and head to the counter.

He looked the same as the last time I saw him. I'm not sure why I expected him to look differently. It had only been a week but I felt like a lot had changed since then.

The biggest being the realization that Flynn had no idea my part in the fire that killed his dog and burned down his house. The repressed guilt stuck in my throat and blossomed with a violent force in my gut.

"Yep, there he is," I said mildly, hoping Dania would let it go. Dania's past cruelty towards Flynn rivaled my own. She had taken a lot of joy in torturing him. The fact that he was different made it all the easier for her to make his life miserable.

And I had been right there beside her.

But then, as if by chance, I had gotten to know him. It had started innocently in English class and had grown into a friendship that I hadn't been expecting. But it hadn't stopped my abuse. In some ways it made it worse.

I had been able to compartmentalize my behavior back then. I had created all sorts of insane justifications to feel okay about the way I had treated him. This sad, lonely boy who had become my only real friend.

But I had been weak and pathetic and unwilling to stand up to the people who tormented him, no matter how much I wanted to.

And I had joined in. I had bruised and hurt him. Wounding him with maliciousness that he had never deserved.

I had cared about Flynn. So much.

It had scared me. I was terrified to feel anything for anyone. I had spent most of my life shutting everyone out. I hadn't a defense against a quiet boy who was just as lost as I was. I had opened up.

I had let him in.

And then I had pushed him away in the only way I could.

By destroying him.

And in doing so I had destroyed a part of myself that had only started to flourish in the warmth of his affection.

And these feelings hardened and solidified, freezing my heart and numbed me to everything. Then I had only survived. Only existed.

Until he had reappeared in my life.

I had hated Flynn Hendrick for so damn long that I was almost hollow without it. My hatred had warmed me, kept me going. Even if it had been ill placed and unreasonable. But now, seeing him again, with the eyes of someone older and perhaps a bit wiser, I couldn't hide behind illogical emotions.

Things had started to change for me the minute he walked into JAC's with his shuffling feet and awkward smile.

"Look at him, Ells. He's still so weird! Isn't his brain messed up or something? Isn't that what you told me?" Dania was gaping at Flynn like a fish.

"He has Asperger's, Dania. It's not like he's brain dead or something," I said with irritation.

Dania snorted and took a drink of her soda. "Well he acts brain dead. Look at him. He just acts like a freak." Something lit up in Dania's eyes that only meant trouble.

"Maybe we should invite him over. I could use a good laugh," Dania snickered.

What the hell was wrong with her? We weren't fifteen with ignorant youth as an excuse.

"Just leave him alone, Dania," I said harshly.

Dania swatted the back of my hand and grinned. "Come on. It'll be fun. Promise." How many times had she said that before and we had ended up in the worst trouble imaginable?

"Flynn!" Dania called out, waving her arm over her head, trying to get his attention. I didn't want to look, but I couldn't help it.

Flynn glanced our way and caught sight of Dania flinging her hand about.

He ignored her and I had to chuckle at my friend's agitation.

"He is so rude!" she complained.

Before I could stop her, Dania was up and out of the booth, heading toward Flynn. I got to my feet and hurried behind her. The last thing I wanted was for her to cause a scene. She had a short fuse these days and Flynn and his perceived disrespect would definitely trigger it.

"Freaky! It's so good to see you again! Isn't it, Ells?" Dania said, winking at me and biting her bottom lip so she wouldn't laugh.

I felt like I had jumped into a time machine and transported back seven years. Dania hadn't matured much in the years since graduation. In fact, since her pregnancy, I felt as though she had backtracked to near infancy.

She was playing schoolyard mind games and I didn't want anything to do with it.

"Come on Dania, Emily's going to be bringing us our food soon," I used my best no nonsense tone in hopes she would listen.

"I just wanted to talk to Freaky Flynn. We used to be buddies right?" Dania slung her arm around Flynn's waist and he stiffened instantly.

"Don't touch me," he demanded, moving out of her hold.

"Come on. I just want a friendly hug." Dania reached for him again and he threw his arms out to stop her, knocking over a napkin dispenser, sending it crashing to the floor.

The diner became deathly quiet. Everyone was watching their exchange with vivid interest.

"Dania, enough!" I said, gritting my teeth. Flynn's normally placid face looked almost panicked. He hated being touched. Everyone that had ever interacted with him knew that. And Dania most definitely knew that. What was she trying to do? This seemed so juvenile and beneath someone who was five months pregnant.

"Come sit with us, Flynn. Let's talk for a while," she said, her voice smooth as honey.

Flynn shook his head and took a step backwards.

"You don't like me. I don't like you. I won't sit with you," he said firmly and I was sort of proud of him. He was standing up for himself in a way he never had as a teenager.

Life had clearly taught him some harsh lessons. And I was sure that Dania and I had been his teachers.

Dania frowned, taken aback by his blunt candor. She looked at me and I shrugged. Then she laughed, a high trilling sound.

"Well you don't need to be a dick about it," she huffed. But I knew she wasn't finished. Dania didn't take rejection well. And she took public embarrassment even worse.

"Hold on, you have a piece of lint," she said and reached up to swipe her hands across his face in a long, exaggerated gesture. Flynn flipped out. He lunged backwards so quickly he tripped over his feet and crashed into a table behind him.

There was a collective gasp but no one tried to help him. Dania cackled in delight, covering her mouth with her hands, her eyes bright with malicious glee. Flynn sat up, looking shaken. His eyes were wide and I could see his hands trembling.

"Stop laughing at me!" he yelled, which only made Dania laugh louder. His face was flushed red and tears dripped down his cheeks.

For a moment I stood there frozen. Once upon a time I would have egged Dania on. Adding to his abject humiliation.

Not this time.

"You heard him, Dania, shut the f**k up." Without waiting for any more of her hate, I leaned down on my haunches in front of Flynn. I didn't reach out a hand to help him up. I didn't invade his personal space. I kept a healthy distance between us but I did meet his eyes.

And he didn't look away.

"Are you all right?" I asked him, folding my arms over my knees as I regarded him.

Flynn nodded and slowly got to his feet, brushing off his pants in rapid, frantic strokes.

"I'll clean it up. I'm sorry," he told Emily, the waitress as he picked up napkins and silverware and placed them back on the table.

And still no one said anything. They stared at him like he was an animal at the zoo and it was pissing me off. I knew what it felt like to be looked at and gossiped about. Our shared role as town outcasts had created an affinity between us long ago and I felt it again now.

I heard the bell above the diner door ring and I glanced out the window to see Dania rushing down the sidewalk. I could tell by her hurried gait that she was fuming. I knew I'd pay for her public mortification later.

I was the one with the attachment diagnosis. It claimed I possessed an inability to empathize with others. Yet it was times like this that I thought perhaps it was Dania who should have been given that particular label. Because she'd never understood how much her words and actions hurt others. She'd never been able to identify how harmful her behavior was.

She was incapable of seeing it.

But I saw it.

"Let me help you," I said softly, bending over to retrieve the menus scattered across the floor. Slowly the conversations around us resumed, though I still felt everyone's eyes on us as we cleaned up.

"She's still mean," Flynn muttered as he took the pile of menus that I handed him and placed them back on the table.

It was on the tip of my tongue to defend her. It's what I had always done. It's what I did despite how often she didn't deserve it.

But what came out of my mouth wasn't a vehement defense. It was sad agreement.

"You're right. She is."

Flynn nodded, straightening the knives and forks into perfect lines. I didn't think anyone that worked at Ma's took such care and attention to their tasks. When Flynn was finished it was the best laid table in the diner.

"You're food's ready," Emily said from behind the counter, pointing back to the booth where Dania and I had been sitting. I had lost my appetite.

"Can I box it up to go?" I asked. I didn't want to waste the food. A lifetime of scrimping and scavenging wouldn't let me waste it. I pulled out my wallet and handed Emily some cash.

"Sure," Emily said, looking between Flynn and me. Flynn had now turned his obsessive attention to the napkin dispenser that he had knocked over earlier.

"I'll be with you in a minute," she told him, eyeing him warily as though waiting for him to flip out again.

Flynn ignored her and continued to straighten the napkins. He had withdrawn into himself. Something I had seen him do many times before. I recognized his focused intensity.

"Hey, Flynn. You wanna get out of here?" I asked him quietly, keeping my voice low.

Flynn carried on as though he hadn't heard me. I left him alone while I waited for my food to be brought over. I shot glares in the direction of the costumers who were still openly gawking.

It was true he wasn't doing himself any favors but their rudeness pricked my temper.

"Here you go, Ellie," Emily said, coming back with bags containing the discarded lunches. She turned to Flynn who had stopped sorting napkins and was now tapping his fingers on the counter.

"Did you want to order anything?" she asked him, her lip curling in disgust at his behavior.

"He's fine. Thanks," I told her sharply. Her eyes widened and she gave me a nervous smile.

"Okay then. See ya around," she replied hastily before scampering off to the other side of the diner.

"Flynn let's go. I've got plenty of food here. I hope you like cheeseburgers," I said lightly.

Surprisingly the sound of my voice snapped him out of it. He blinked a few times and then looked down at the bag of to-go boxes in my hand.

"I love cheeseburgers," he said and gave me a small smile before heading toward the door.

I was left following after him, not entirely sure what the hell I was getting myself into.

13

-Ellie-

Flynn didn't slow down and I had to jog to catch up with him. I was wheezing by the time he stopped next to a dark blue sedan. It looked a bit like a grandma mobile and I almost laughed when I saw him opening up the driver's side door.

"I'd like to go back to my house now. I'm hungry. I haven't eaten since this morning," Flynn told me, getting into the car, not waiting to see if I would agree.

I guess I had told him he could have the cheeseburger...

I looked around, almost trying to find one last reason to not get into the car.

But watching Dania tear Flynn down had let loose something inside me and the floodgates, once they were opened, weren't so easily closed.

So I got into the old lady car. The interior was spotless. The leather seats crunched beneath me as I got situated. After he turned on the car, Flynn fiddled with the CD player and soon the strains of The Cure filled the car. I recognized the Wish album. I remembered Flynn had a Cure fixation back in high school. Obviously that was yet another thing that hadn't changed.

He sat back in his seat after turning on the air conditioner full blast. In a few minutes my ni**les had hardened in the cold.

"Can you turn the a/c down a bit?" I asked, rubbing my arms, trying to get warm.

Flynn startled, almost as though he had forgotten I was in the car with him.

"Sure," he said and turned the knob back a degree. It didn't do much to make the air more comfortable but it was something, I guess I was forced to cross my arms over my chest to hide my obvious nipplage.

"You haven't been back to the studio," Flynn said after a period of silence. I watched his hands on the steering wheel. They were at a perfect nine and three position. His rear view mirror was tilted at just the right angle and he drove with his back straight and his seat pushed forward. He was a model of driver safety.

I leaned over to get a look at the speedometer and wasn't surprised to see he was going the exact speed limit. Not a mile over, not a mile under.

Robert Smith wailed miserably and I wished he would shut up all ready. He wasn't helping me come up with a believable lie as to why I hadn't been back to the art studio.

How could I explain my reasons for staying away?

I couldn't tell him that every time I saw him I hated myself just a little bit more for everything I had done to him. That it was me that had been responsible for losing his house and his life in Wellsburg. That because of my ignorant fears I had hurt the only person I had ever considered a real and true friend.

Could I tell him that the lies of my omission might tear me apart?

Or should I tell him that I was a conflicted mess of emotions? I resented him in a misplaced sense of blame that was still carried over from years of denial. But I also l enjoyed his company. That it was easy to remember a time when I had been almost happy when we were together.

That was some heavy shit. And it wasn't something I could vocalize. Hell, I could barely admit in the quiet safety of my head the truth of it. So there was no way in hell I could ever tell him.

So I shrugged. "I've been busy," I told him; running my hands along the smooth, cool leather beside my thigh.

"This is the cleanest car I have ever seen," I said, trying to change the subject.

"It was my mom's. She bought it just six months before she died. So now it's mine," he explained in that short, succinct way of his. No need for extraneous details from Flynn Hendrick. He gave you the information you needed, nothing more, nothing less.

"Oh." I wanted to ask how his mother died. She had been a nice woman even if she had never trusted me. She had loved her son but she wasn't blind to who he was. So she had of course been wary of our friendship.

I'm sure the multicolored hair and multiple facial piercings hadn't helped matters either. But she had been civil, despite her very obvious displeasure at finding me in her home.

I often wondered if she started counting the silver as soon as I walked out the door.

It hadn't been the first time I had experienced disapproval. Not many people liked me and those that did weren't the type to be indiscriminate.

But Ms. Hendrick's mistrust had hurt. I had wanted her to like me. I envied the relationship Flynn had with his mother. The way she had taken care of him. I had never experienced that sort of love before and my f**ked up mind and screwed up heart had craved it.

Aside from enjoying Flynn's company, I had spent so much time at the Hendrick's house in part because I hoped, someday, to be loved the way Flynn was loved by his mother. I had been such a messed up kid. My desperate need to feel wanted had twisted into something horrific. And I had ended up hurting the one person I had wanted in my life.

After Flynn and I had stopped being friends, I had seen Ms. Hendrick in town. But she never spoke to me again. And I had laughed it off at the time, but it had devastated me. And that devastation had turned into a white-hot anger. It became one more thing I blamed Flynn for.

"She had lung cancer. It was already stage four by the time the doctor's found it. One day she was there. The next she wasn't." He told his story as emotionless as he said everything but even I could hear the quivering emotion beneath the surface.

"Why did you come back to Wellsburg?" I asked him.

Flynn didn't answer me right away and I wondered whether he had retreated back inside himself.

The minutes passed and my skin froze from the strength of the air coming out of the vents. It wasn't until Flynn turned down his gravel driveway that he spoke.

"I hated this house when we moved here. It was ugly. It smelled funny. I didn't know where anything was. I hated school. I hated the people." He sounded so angry and I pictured in my head the life of fifteen-year-old Flynn. He had been awkward and unhappy. It had been obvious, even to someone as self-involved as me. But what had I done to make that easier for him?

Nothing.

"But it's mom's house. She bought it for me. To start over." I still didn't understand the reasoning of that. If it had been me I would never have come back. No amount of sentimental nostalgia could have made me enter the town limits ever again.

"I painted it. I fixed the buildings. And now it's not so ugly. I wanted to live here again."

And that was that. He stopped the car and turned off the engine. He opened the door and got out, heading toward the front door, leaving me alone. I couldn't even be annoyed by his lack of manners, because that was just Flynn. In fact, I appreciated the chance to get myself together.

This house meant something to not just him. This was the only place in Wellsburg I could ever remember being truly happy. And seeing Flynn walk up the repaired steps and go through the front door, now painted a dark blue, it felt right that he was back.

I gathered the bags of food from the floor and slowly walked towards the house.

Images flashed through my mind like a movie. I had been Flynn's friend for only a few months. And it had been a relationship built on secrets. I had been terrified to openly admit I was his friend. I continued to stand by and allow the taunts and teasing. I had contributed to it all the while using him to find the happiness I so desperately wanted.

I had been a horrible person.

I was still a horrible person.

The steps creaked beneath my feet as I walked up the porch. Another image flashed in my mind. One of smoke and flames and running through the night to escape the destruction I had caused.

Handcuffs. Interrogation. Anger and Hatred. Those had been my consequences. And I had borne them bitterly. Until now.

Because it had been no more than I deserved.

I pushed open the front door and was surprised to smell the lingering scent of banana bread in the air.

I knew my way to the kitchen. I had walked over these floorboards enough times to find it. The decor was the same it had been seven years ago. Nothing had changed. Yes there was fresh paint on the walls and new doors hung from the jams, but it was still the same.

It was almost jarring.

But I should have known Flynn would never alter what he knew. This was his sanctuary. This was his home.

How I envied him.

Flynn stood at the counter already slicing thick pieces of bread and putting them down on a plate. I brought the bags of food over.

"Where do you keep the plates?" I asked him.

Flynn pointed to a cabinet above the sink. I was surprised to find new dishes and glasses. I had expected to find the same floral pattered china that his mother had owned when I was last here.

"I always liked the flowered ones your mom had. As far as plates go, they were pretty nice," I said, trying to fill the suddenly uncomfortable silence.

"They were ruined in the fire," Flynn responded and my hands gripped the plate so tightly my knuckles went white.

But before I could freak out and run away, Flynn took the plate from my hands and placed it on the table.

"Come, eat," he urged, sitting down and carefully opening the box containing Dania's cheeseburger.

I sat down across from him and took the other box but didn't open it. I watched as he lifted the bun and scrapped off the lettuce and tomato with a fork and then wrapped the discarded condiments in a napkin before throwing it away. He pushed the French fries off to the side, making sure they didn't touch anything before picking up the burger with both hands and taking a small bite.

"Stop watching me," Flynn said firmly when I hadn't started eating yet.

I blinked and looked away, flushing at having been caught. I flipped open the box and started picking at my sandwich. My appetite still hadn't come back but I couldn't just sit there doing nothing.

Flynn polished off his burger quickly and then ate his fries, one at a time. Dipping each in ketchup and then wiping the excess off with his fork before popping it in his mouth.

I tried not to stare. But his eating habits were so ritualistic that it was fascinating.

"I told you to stop looking at me. I hate it when people look at me," he mumbled, taking a drink of water.

"Why do you hate people looking at you?" I asked him. Though I could hazard a guess why.

"Because people aren't very nice when they look at me." He reached over and speared one of my French fries that I had yet to eat and dipped it in his ketchup.

Then without asking, he claimed a few more from my plate.

"Uh, you wanna ask before you take my shit," I told him. Flynn took another fry and I dropped my hand down on top of his before he could escape with it.

"Don't cuss," he said crossly, wiggling his hand beneath mine, trying to pull away.

He released the fry and I allowed him to withdraw his hand and pulling it into his lap. He didn't apologize. He didn't excuse his deplorable manners. He just began to rub his hands together.

"People aren't nice to me a lot of the times. They look at me a lot. Kevin said I had to learn to deal with it. That getting upset and angry would just make them look at me more. It's hard though. Because I just want to tell them to f**k off," he grinned then and I grinned back, forgiving his French fry transgression.

"Flynn, don't cuss," I teased, parroting the words he had just spoken.

He didn't pick up on my attempts at a joke and instead hung his head. "You're right. I'm sorry."

I clucked my tongue in frustration. "I was kidding, Flynn. It's cool. I like a good f**k as much as the next gal," I said. Flynn's cheeks turned an alarming shade of red and then I realized what I said.

I cleared my throat, feeling suddenly embarrassed and self-conscious.

"Well, Kevin sounds like he knows what he's talking about. Is he a friend?" I asked, trying to turn the conversation back into more comfortable territory.

"No, he's my therapist. He helps me a lot. He tells me how to act in public and when I'm being rude. I can tell when people are angry now. And when I say something to upset someone, I know by the look on their faces. But I still mess up a lot. I still have a lot to learn."

We had never talked about his disability much before. When we were younger I had been too ignorant and self-involved to think about what was going on with him. But I hoped I had grown up a bit in the last six years since to understand a little of what he went through.

He was different. He was more than a little odd.

But looking at him, staring into his lap, chewing on his bottom lip, I also knew he was more than a little special.

"That's awesome, Flynn," I said and I meant it.

Flynn jumped to his feet and took my plate that held the remnants of my food. He picked up the club and took a bite of it.

"I wasn't done with that," I admonished.

Flynn dropped the sandwich back on the plate and handed it back to me.

"Here," he said and I pushed it back towards him.

"I'm not going to eat it now that you've taken a bite out of it, am I?" I cocked my eyebrow.

Flynn took my plate back and looked down at the half-eaten club. "Yeah, I guess not. That was pretty gross, huh?"

"Yeah, it was. But I'm not that hungry, so it's cool," I told him.

"I have banana bread if you want. It's my mom's recipe," he offered, going to the counter and putting a slab onto a plate and bringing it back to me.

"Sure, banana bread sounds great," I replied, taking it from him. I might not be very hungry, but I couldn't pass up banana bread.

"I like being with you. I missed you," Flynn said, surprising me. Of all the things for him to say, I had not expected that. It was such an innocent thing but it held so much weight.

He missed me.

After everything I had done to him.

He missed me.

I couldn't respond. I had nothing to say to that. I couldn't reciprocate because I hadn't missed him. I had spent most of the last six years despising him. Blaming him for things that weren't his fault. It had just been easier to hate him than to hate myself.

"You stopped talking to me. After my birthday. You never called me again. Mom said to leave you alone. That you weren't my friend. But you were my friend. Because you told me I was and I believed you." His eyes were bright and even though he wouldn't look directly at me, I knew his eyes were wet.

I should tell him the truth. I should shatter his illusions of me before they could grow into something more dangerous.

His mother hadn't told him what I had done. She had saved him from that particular pain. I didn't know whether to be thankful or upset that she had done that. Because now here we were, six years later, on the cusp of something not yet realized and I struggled.

I wanted to tell him. But I wanted to lie as well. I liked the way he looked at me. To Flynn Hendrick, Ellie McCallum was important. She was wanted. If I told him the truth about that night, I was sure that would all change.

My self-destructive side urged me to tell him everything. To sever the delicate bond that was forming between us.

But I had another side that insisted on silence. The side that was scared to see this new Ellie disappear; because she was a girl who liked to feel. And the numbness of my past just wouldn't cut it anymore.

Before I could be truthful or dishonest, Flynn got up again and started loading dishes into the dishwasher. He wiped down the counters and threw the food bag into the trashcan.

"Do you want to watch TV? You like TV. We could watch the A-Team," he suggested.

"I love the A-Team," I said, slowly joining him in the doorway leading into the other room.

"I remember," he said, a shy smile on his face. His hair fell into his eyes and I wished he'd let me brush it back off his forehead. Our touches had hardly ever been intentional. And when they were purposeful, they had never lasted long enough.

I had been okay with that. Because touching him would be to admit a physical closeness I didn't want and I convinced myself that I didn't need.

Now I wasn't so sure.

We got comfortable on the couch that I realized was brand new. The sale tags were still attached to the arms.

Flynn flipped on the television and started going through the channels. "It's four forty-five, the A-Team doesn't start until five. Right now it's Laverne and Shirley," he recited, stopping on a channel that played old shows.

"You watch a lot of Laverne and Shirley?" I smirked.

"They're funny. It was my mom's favorite show," he said and I nodded.

"Well, let's watch Laverne and Shirley then," I told him, watching as he sat on the other end of the couch.

He sat upright, his hands in his lap, his feet flat on the floor. He didn't look particularly comfortable.

So we watched television together. And I smiled at the sound of Flynn's barking laugh. His shoulders shook and his mouth curved upwards into a beautiful grin. He looked happy.

I spent more time watching Flynn than I did the television. But he didn't comment. He was too focused on the show.

He really was sort of amazing. After everything life had thrown at him, here he was, whole and healthy. He hadn't become embittered or angry. He had become content and fulfilled in ways I could never understand.

He had welcomed me into the home I had destroyed. He sat beside me, sharing his space, opening his heart and even though I felt the weight of my truth deep in my soul, I also felt the joy.

Had I ever felt joy before?

Yes I had.

Once.

With him.

I surged upwards on my feet, startling Flynn. He looked up at me, his brow furrowed in confusion.

"I have to go," I told him suddenly.

His frown deepened.

"You don't like the show? I can change the channel. We can watch the A-Team another time," he said, consulting his watch to be sure of the time.

I shook my head.

"I don't f**king want to watch TV!" I fumed, unable to hold back the outburst that barreled its way out of my chest.

I needed to leave. The hateful part was combating the tiny shred of happiness that had unwillingly unfurled in my gut. The happiness didn't belong there. It had no place in the black pit of my heart.

"You're mad," Flynn deduced, watching my face, analyzing.

Yes I was mad. I was freaking furious. But it made no sense.

I was f**ked up. I was scarred and ruined. I would taint him with my ugliness.

I needed to leave.

"I just need to go." I didn't explain. There was no way I could give voice to the demons possessing me.

"I'll drive you. I can watch the A-Team tomorrow. It's on at 5:00 every day." I was sick and tired of hearing about the stupid A-Team!

I didn't say anything. I waited for him to get his car keys and I let him take me home.

I couldn't say I'm sorry.

I hated those words. They sucked and they were never true.

Because I wasn't sorry.

It was better to break now than shatter later.

14

-Flynn-

Many years ago...

I hated the snow.

I hated the way it made my hair wet and fell into the collar of my shirt.

My mom had given me a scarf but I wouldn't wear it. It felt too tight on my neck. It made me itch.

I walked home from school. I liked walking home. I looked at my watch and started to count. Five minutes until I came to the fork in the road. Three hundred seconds.

I didn't need the paper Mom had made for me anymore. I remembered the minutes and seconds without it. That made me happy.

"Hey Freaky!" I knew that voice. It was the mean girl, Dania. I walked faster. Snow slushed into my sneakers. My toes were cold. Too cold. I needed to take off my shoes and socks.

"Slow down! Where you goin'?" That was also a voice I knew. It was the mean boy Stu. He was worse than Dania. He would hit me in gym class. He locked me in a bathroom stall last week and I missed my classes.

I cried and yelled but no one came to get me.

No one found me until after school let out. My mom was mad. She went and spoke to the principal. The principal said he'd do something.

Stu was still mean to me.

Now he was worse.

I was scared. I didn't want them to walk with me.

"Freaky Flyyynn," another voice sing-songed and I stopped. Because that was the voice of my friend. Ellie. She liked me. She came to my house almost every day and we played with Marty and ate Mom's banana bread.

Mom told me she wasn't a good friend. That if she was mean to me at school then she didn't really like me. I got angry when Mom said that and broke the mirror in my bedroom. Mom started to cry and then I felt sad. I hated it when my mom cried.

I turned around and was happy to see Ellie. She was smiling too but it looked weird. I didn't like that smile.

"Hi, Ellie," I said. I pulled my gloves off and dropped them in the snow. I started rubbing my hands. Running my fingers along my skin. I didn't like the cold. Up and down. Over and over again.

"You didn't answer my question, Freaky. Where ya headed?" Stu asked. He wasn't wearing a coat. Wasn't he cold?

"Home," I told him.

"Home? Well why don't we walk with you to make sure you get there safely. Wouldn't want anything to happen to our good buddy Freaky on the way," Dania said.

That was nice of them. Maybe they wanted to be my friends now. Maybe they'd want to hang out like Ellie did. Maybe then she would talk to me in school and they'd let me eat my lunch.

That made me happy so I nodded.

"You can come to my house," I said.

Ellie was frowning. She looked mad.

"Let's go, guys. We're supposed to meet Shane and Reggie at the diner," Ellie said. Why didn't she want to come to my house with Dania and Stu?

"No, Ells, we're going with Freaky. We have to escort him home. It's our civic duty, ya know," Dania smiled at me again and I smiled back.

She was being nice. I liked it when she was nice.

She put her arm around me and I shoved her back.

"Whoa, what was that for?" she asked me and I knew I had done something wrong. She wasn't smiling anymore. She didn't look like she wanted to be my friend.

"He doesn't like to be touched, Dania. Everybody knows that," Ellie said. I shook my head. That wasn't true. I liked it when she touched me. Sometimes Ellie would hold my hand and that felt nice.

Ellie was frowning again and that made my stomach hurt.

Dania said something to Stu and then they were smiling again. "Come on, Freaky. Let's go to your house. I won't touch you. I promise," Dania said.

"My name isn't Freaky. It's Flynn," I said as we started walking again.

"Freaky Flynn. Yeah, I know," Stu said. He was walking beside me.

"No. Not Freaky Flynn. Just Flynn!" I told him. I hated that name. It made me mad when people called me that. I never wanted to hear it again.

Stu patted my arm and I pulled away. He laughed. He was laughing at me. I wanted to hit him.

"Stop laughing at him, Stu. Be nice," Dania said, hitting his arm. I liked Dania. She was nice.

My feet were really cold. I needed to take my socks off. My toes hurt. I couldn't walk while my toes hurt.

"Why did you stop?" Dania asked.

"My socks are wet. I need to take them off," I told her.

"Let's walk up to the bridge and you can take them off there. I'll help you," Dania said and I was smiling again. She would help me. She was my friend now.

I looked at my watch. "We will be at the red barn in four minutes. That's two hundred and forty seconds," I told them, proud of myself for not needing the paper Mom had made for me. I could tell them without looking at it.

"Two hundred and forty seconds, huh? Well that's good to know," Dania said.

"Guys, seriously. We should be heading to the diner," Ellie said from behind me.

"I want them to come to my house, Ellie. Just like you do," I said and she looked mad again. Dania started laughing. I laughed too because she was my friend.

"Oh really? Like Ellie? She comes to your house?" she asked me.

I started to nod but Ellie shoved me from behind and I stumbled forward.

"Shut up, Freaky! You don't know what the f**k you're talking about!" she yelled and it hurt my ears. Ellie hurt me and I wanted to cry. Why was she being so mean?

"Stop being so nasty, Ells. You're upsetting Flynn," Dania said and she gave Ellie a mean look. Why was Ellie hurting me?

"You're a bitch," I said to Ellie then Stu and Dania started laughing again. I never said bad words. I didn't like them. But I knew what a bitch was and Ellie was being one.

Ellie's mouth was twisting in a strange way and I pointed at it.

"You're doing that thing with your mouth again. Why are you doing that?"

Dania and Stu were still laughing.

"Am I being funny?" I asked them.

Stu hit my back and I moved away from him. He held his hands up. "You're the funniest dude I've ever met, Freaky." He covered his mouth with his hand. "I mean, Flynn,"

Stu wasn't being so scary right now. Maybe he wouldn't hurt me anymore. That made me feel really happy.

When we passed the barn I told them we had five minutes until we got to the bridge and then I could take my socks off. My toes were even colder. I hated the wet snow in my shoes.

Dania and Stu were talking to me. It felt good. Ellie wasn't talking to me and that didn't feel good. Why wasn't she talking to me? She always talked to me while we walked to my house.

She usually smiled a lot and she was pretty when she laughed. Then she'd hold my hand for a while and that made my body feel weird in a good way.

She wasn't smiling now.

"There's the bridge," I said, pointing to it. I was happy to see the bridge. I wanted to take my socks off. Dania said she'd help me. She was my friend.

I bent over and started to untie my laces when someone shoved me. I fell over. It hurt. I was on the ground and it was cold. I hadn't taken my socks off yet.

I tried to stand up but Stu pushed me over again and this time I slid down the hill. Dania was laughing but it wasn't a nice sound like Ellie's. "Get him in the water!" she yelled and then Stu pushed me into the stream.

I yelled. The water was in my shoes. My pants were wet. It was really cold!

I tried to stand up but my foot caught on a rock and I fell down again. I started to cry. Dania and Stu were laughing.

"Let's get out of here!" Dania said and then they were gone.

I was wet. I hated being wet.

I sat there.

I was sad.

They weren't my friends.

They were mean.

They hurt me.

I was really cold. My fingers and toes were starting to ache.

My pants and shoes were wet.

I needed to take them off.

I sat there.

"Come on Flynn, let's get you home." Ellie had come back and she was pulling on my arm.

My teeth were chattering and I couldn't talk. I hurt badly. I was wet. I wanted to get out of my clothes.

Ellie put her arm around me and it didn't bother me when she did it. I liked when she touched me.

But she had hurt me before. She had been mean. Now she was being nice.

She was my friend again.

"Stu pushed me into the water," I said, my teeth banging together.

"Yeah, he did. He's a dick," Ellie said and I tried to nod. But I couldn't.

I was wet.

I was cold.

Ellie got me home. My mom was upset when she saw me. She yelled at Ellie to leave. But I wanted Ellie to stay. She helped me.

"No!" I yelled at my mom. Ellie was taking off my shoes and socks and wrapping them in a towel. She was touching me..

"I want Ellie to stay!" I screamed. Ellie needed to stay! I wanted her there!

My mom said okay but made Ellie leave while she got me changed.

And then Ellie sat with me on the couch and we watched the A-Team. That was Ellie's favorite show. I liked watching it with her. My toes and fingers were still cold. Mom said I could have gotten frostbite.

"I'm so sorry, Flynn," Ellie said.

"You're my friend, Ellie. You helped me," I told her, not understanding why she was sorry. She had been mean but she had helped me. That was nice.

"I shouldn't have let Stu do that to you," she said.

"He's mean. I don't like him. I don't like Dania either. They aren't my friends," I told her.

Ellie moved closer to me and took my hand. She always put her fingers between mine and it felt good. I liked it when she did that.

"No they aren't. I don't think they're really mine either. You're my only real friend, Flynn," she said and then she put her head on my shoulder. And I liked that too.

I was her only friend. That made me smile.

I was happy.

15

-Ellie-

I was on campus finishing my homework. I was scheduled to have a meeting with Professor Au, my academic advisor to talk about possible class options for next semester. I had yet to make up my mind about what I was going to do.

I seesawed back and forth between excitement at the possibility and total denial that I could do it at all.

It had been a week since I had gone with Flynn to his house. I struggled with a glut of new feelings I hadn't experienced since I was a child. I had felt more guilt in the past month than I had in the past fifteen years combined. Every interaction with Flynn brought with it wave after wave of emotion that threatened to rip me apart.

I had made peace with Dania, though it had involved considerable groveling on my part. She had been furious. Nasty words were hurled and I took them like I always did.

And even though I gave her the lip service that she expected, I was quickly growing tired of our vicious cycle.

Watching her attempts to humiliate Flynn last week had wrenched something loose inside me. I had been reminded of that day in high school when Stu and Dania had pushed him into the freezing stream by his house.

They had thought it was funny. I had gone along with it. I hadn't stopped them.

I remembered the look on his face. He thought they were being friendly. He didn't understand the calculated cruelty that they had planned for him.

I had played my part in it. I had been just as culpable.

But that had been the first time I had truly felt bad for my behavior.

By that point Flynn had become my friend. Sure, no one knew but us. I wasn't willing to endure the wrath of my friends should it come out. But he had become someone important to me.

He was the only person who had accepted me for who I was and liked me anyway. He didn't expect me to be anything but Ellie McCallum. And I had been such a messed up kid that his simple, unconditional affection became the balm for my tormented heart.

But my self-loathing was unstoppable. And it managed to destroy the only good relationship I had ever had in my life. It was my fate to push him away. To hurt him. To hurt myself.

And I had done that in the most destructive way possible.

But that day at the stream I had hated Dania and Stu for hurting Flynn. And it was my one moment of courage.

I had run off with my so-called friends, leaving Flynn freezing in the stream. But the sudden over powering sense of shame had stopped me. Dania had asked what was wrong.

I told her that we couldn't leave Flynn like that. That'd he'd freeze to death. Stu had called me a f**king pu**y. Then they started calling me a Freak Lover. And it had made me so incredibly angry. They had turned on me in an instant.

For a brief moment, I hadn't cared. I had turned around and gone back to help Flynn. Stu and Dania's taunts ringing loudly in my ears. And that had felt good. It felt right. Because I cared about him.

It was the last good day we had together. It was the last time I had spent with him unencumbered by my own shit.

It was the last day I had been truly happy.

So watching Dania's passive threats had triggered inside me the instinct to fight and protect all over again.

And just like all those years ago, I had paid for it afterwards.

"I just keep running into you. If I didn't know better, I'd think the universe was forcing us to be friends."

I looked up at the sudden invasion of my personal space and bit down on my frustrated sigh.

At some point in the two weeks since I last saw her, Kara Baker had shaved her dreads. She was sporting a buzz cut so short that I could see her scalp. I wasn't a big fan of the Sinead O'Conner look, but at least she had the head shape for it.

"Or you could just have a thing for stalking," I remarked dryly, already resigned to at least fifteen minutes of asinine chitchat.

And honestly, Kara wasn't too bad. She was chill and laid back, even if she was too damn nosy for her own good.

"Nah. If I wanted to stalk someone, it wouldn't be a bitch with a bad attitude," she quipped and I had to smile at her comment. She could hold her own, that's for sure. I had to respect that.

"Fair enough," I conceded and watched as she settled into the chair opposite me and pulled out a textbook.

"Whatcha workin' on?" she asked, poking her pencil at my English book. I flipped over the cover so she could see it.

"Trying to write an essay on the fundamentals of personal liberty as found in the short stories of Kate Chopin," I answered drolly.

Kara arched a blonde eyebrow. "Whoa, heavy shit. And you like that stuff?" she asked and I realized that yeah, I did. I was really enjoying my class. It allowed me to flex my brain in a way that working at JAC's would never provide.

I didn't have any opportunity in my everyday life to discuss the meaning of Byron's poetry or to talk about the theme of greed in Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice. For the four hours a week I was in class, I didn't feel like a useless failure. I felt competent and smart and Professor Smith seemed to think I actually knew what I was talking about.

Sure I'd always had Julie in my corner cheering me on, trying to build up my shaky self-esteem but I had never internalized any of it.

Until now.

"Yeah, I do," I answered.

"More power to ya, I guess. I don't have a head for that stuff. That's why I'm going into political science. I much prefer the drama of lawmaking any day."

Kara was a talker but it wasn't overly obnoxious, as I had first thought. Her uncomplicated conversation was nice.

"So you're going to be some Congressman's bitch? That sounds like an HBO special waiting to happen," I said, my lips curling into an awkward semblance of a smile. I didn't get much practice at making small talk so I hoped I wasn't rude or aggressive. My personality didn't lend itself well to polite niceties.

"No way, I'm going to be the one making the laws, darlin'." I snorted and looked pointedly at her baldhead.

"I can't remember the last time I saw a female senator without hair and a tattoo up the side of her neck," I observed.

Kara rolled her eyes. "Whatever. You'll see. You'll be voting for me soon enough."

"You'd better have one hell of a platform if you expect my vote," I said, looking back at my textbook, hoping to get back to my work. I had to meet my advisor soon.

"Legalization of marijuana and lowered drinking age for all!" she said, pounding her fist on the table.

I chuckled. "Well you'll definitely get the pot head vote," I muttered.

Our conversation dwindled after that, both of us getting back to our assignments. But it was cool having her sit there. She'd make random comments about her reading and I'd tell her to shut up. We had established a workable dynamic.

I looked up about halfway through writing my essay, my pencil poised over my paper. There was Flynn. He came into the library and spoke briefly with the young girl at the circulation desk.

He was dressed in his usual uniform of khakis and button down shirt. It didn't matter how hot it was, he never wore short sleeves.

The girl was smiling at him and batting her eyelashes. Clearly for her, Flynn's awkwardness didn't overshadow his good looks. I felt a strange twisting in my gut as I watched her flip her hair and giggle. And even though Flynn wasn't looking directly at her, I saw the soft curve of his smile. He seemed to like whatever she was saying to him.

"Earth to Ellie!" Kara called out, snapping her fingers in front of my face. I scowled at her, annoyed to have been caught staring.

She looked over her shoulder and gave me a coy grin. "Drooling over the hottie artist I see."

"Don't be an idiot," I growled, pulling my eyes away from Flynn who was now gathering up a pile of books and putting them in his book bag.

"Don't be defensive, then. You're staring at that dude like you want to cut him up and eat him for dinner," she purred and I clenched my fists in my lap so I wouldn't smack her in the face.

"That's a wonderful visual there, Kara. Thanks for that." I looked at the clock on the wall and saw that I only had fifteen minutes until I needed to be at my advisor's office. I started to pack up my books and shove them into my ancient bag.

Ever mindful of Flynn's location in the library.

"I've seen him around campus. He keeps to himself. But I've heard he's an amazing artist," Kara was saying but I barely heard her. I was too busy trying to escape without Flynn noticing me.

"Yeah," I said, distracted.

"He's definitely a cutie but he seems a little weird. But I do like me an oddball," she teased and I felt myself snapping back at her.

"He's not an oddball!" I said much louder than I intended.

Fuck. I had the attention of everyone in a three-table radius. Including Flynn. He lifted his hand in a wave and I waved back before I could stop myself.

Kara's mouth was hanging slightly open, her face flushed red. "I didn't mean anything by it. I wasn't trying to be an ass**le," she said, her feelings clearly hurt.

Flynn was standing at the circulation desk. The girl was still talking to him but it was obvious he was ignoring her. I got the impression he was waiting for me. So much for avoiding him.

I looked back at Kara and did the only thing I knew to do when I was feeling uncomfortable. I lashed out.

"Well stop being one then," I bit out, putting my book bag on my shoulder and walked off. So much for our burgeoning friendship. Something told me she wouldn't be so keen to say hi the next time we saw each other.

And my thawing heart didn't feel particularly good about that.

"Hi, Flynn," I said, knowing there was no way out of the library without him seeing me. And hiding wasn't my thing anyway.

"I haven't seen you lately," he said, getting straight the point like he always did. The flirty librarian noticed she was being ignored and finally stopped her incessant talking.

"Flynn, don't forget the rest of your books," she said, interrupting. I thought about growling territorially, but I wasn't quite sure where these unreasonable feelings were coming from.

Flynn didn't bother to look at her; he simply scooped the books off the counter and carefully placed them in his bag.

"I can't wait for your workshop next week! I'm coming with a friend of mine. We love your work," she continued.

Flynn nodded and then turned back to me, cutting her off. I couldn't help but laugh at his rudeness, which I totally appreciated.

Librarian girl's mouth hung open for a second in shock at his blatant dismissal and then slunk off as quickly as she was able to.

"You have a workshop next week?" I asked.

Flynn nodded, walking ahead of me to leave the library. He didn't hold the door open, instead letting it fly back and knock me in the face.

"Thanks," I muttered, rubbing my nose.

"You're welcome," he said, my sarcasm lost on him as always.

"One of my conditions for using the art studio rent free is I have to provide workshops twice a semester. I have one next week. It's on sculpting with unusual mediums. I'm using scrap metal," he said as I hurried to keep up with his long strides.

"Wow, you're going to teach a bunch of people to sculpt with scrap metal? That sounds pretty cool," I told him, finally falling into step beside him.

"I don't teach them. I sculpt. They watch. They try to do the same thing I do. I don't like talking to people. I don't like them looking at me either. Kevin says it's a good step for me. So I'm going to try it. He says he might try to come up from Greensboro," he said. And the long stream of information he had just given me surprised me.

He was doing an art workshop for students. His therapist was in Greensboro. So he must have lived there at some point.

"I'm sure you'll do great," I said, though my encouragement felt flat.

Flynn shrugged. "Kevin says so too."

"Kevin is one cool guy," I smiled.

"Yes. He helps me. He tells me when I do something I shouldn't. My mom used to do that," he said swiftly.

"What sort of things do you do that you think you shouldn't?" I asked him.

"Telling people they're fat or ugly. Or yelling when they make me mad. He tells me when I should stay quiet and listen instead of talking. He also helps me know when people are happy with me and when they're mad. But I've learned some of that on my own. Like I can tell you're listening to me because you're looking at me. You're not mad because you're not frowning but you're not happy either because you smile when you're happy. I know your face and what it looks like when you feel things."

I couldn't help but feel good at his words. I grinned.

Flynn pointed at my face. "See, now you're happy. And you're happy because of what I just said. Why is that?" he asked, cocking his head to the side, his hair falling into his face, making him look so much younger than his twenty-two years.

"Because you know me, Flynn. No one else pays attention to my feelings like you do," I admitted.

Flynn chewed on his bottom lip and looked at me. He never once met my eyes but he stared at me intently all the same.

"I like making you smile. It makes me smile," he said, his lips stretching into a beautiful grin.

I hesitantly reached out and took his hand, the same way I had done when we were teenagers. I linked our fingers together, pressing my palm against his.

The first time I had done this many years ago, he had pulled away. It had taken a while until he was comfortable enough for me to touch him. And I wasn't sure we were at that stage now. So much time had passed since I had last touched him.

But seeing him happy, knowing how in tuned he was to me, I couldn't help myself.

I shied from physical affection as much as Flynn did. That was one of the many reasons I had felt so connected to him in the early days of our friendship. Neither one of us could handle the implications of touch. Both of us were so isolated.

But then we had somehow found each other.

And here we were again. We were still those same disconnected people that we had been years ago, only now a little older and a little more damaged.

Once again I found myself reaching out to the only person I had ever felt safe with.

Flynn Hendrick.

The freak with Asperger's. The boy whose life I had made miserable before I had made him happy. And then I had destroyed him before I could enjoy the changes he exacted in my life.

Or maybe I hadn't destroyed him.

Maybe I had only succeeded in destroying myself.

Because Flynn didn't seem ruined.

He seemed healthier than he had ever been before. His confidence, while still beleaguered, had grown by leaps and bounds.

This wasn't a man who had been beaten down by circumstances. This was someone who embraced life the only way he could. The only way he allowed himself.

I pressed my hand into his and gave him a slight squeeze. I felt him stiffen and then pull away. His fingers escaping, recoiling.

Flynn clasped his hands together in front of him and started that incessant rubbing that I recognized all too well.

I curled my fingers into my palm and clenched them tightly. I felt his rejection acutely. I knew it wasn't his fault. I knew his physical limitations. I felt them as well. But I had hoped...

That was the problem. I had hoped.

It would be so easy for me to get angry. To reject Flynn as surely as he had just rejected me. To call him names. To turn my back and walk away.

But I didn't.

I dug my nails into my palm and gave Flynn a smile like he hadn't just hurt me.

He had no idea what he had done.

"Where are you going now? Can I walk with you?" Flynn asked me. He was still rubbing his hands and I wished he'd stop. His anxiety was catching.

"I have a meeting with my advisor to talk about classes for next semester. I'm not sure I'm going to go though," I said, telling him the thing I hadn't quite admitted to myself yet.

Flynn stopped rubbing his hands and tucked them into the pocket of his pants. "Why wouldn't you go? You have to pick out classes. That's important," he said, as if it were that easy.

"Did you go to college, Flynn?"

Flynn nodded. "Yes, I went to Guildford College. I graduated last year before Mom died. I majored in fine arts." I wasn't surprised. Flynn was smart. He was talented. Even at fifteen I had known he was destined for greater things than Wellsburg, West Virginia.

"I never went to school," I murmured, looking down at my feet. The pair of us must look ridiculous, standing there, neither looking at the other.

"You're at school now," Flynn said, sounding confused.

My shoulders rose and fell in an exaggerated shrug. "I don't know if I can keep it up. It's a lot," I said, giving voice to fears that I had tamped down with a lot of effort.

"I don't understand." I could hear the frown in Flynn's voice.

"I just don't know if it's right for me," I replied almost belligerently. I could tell him that a sad, little kid, raised in the system didn't have a chance for happy, shiny futures. That I had accepted that I would my days in Wellsburg, living with Dania, hanging out with Stu, Shane and Reggie. Getting wasted on the weekends and barely paying my bills.

It may not be the life I had hoped for, but it was the one I was given.

"You should do it. I liked college. You will too," Flynn's reassurance washed over me.

I startled when he took my hand in his. He twined his fingers through mine, just as I had done a few minutes before. My head shot up and I met his eyes. His intensity made me shiver.

His fingers trembled in mine but he didn't pull away. Our hands were joined together, his arm stretched out in front of him. He didn't move any closer. We did nothing to close the distance between us but his palm pressed against mine was more intimate than if he had been holding me.

"You should do what makes you happy. You are smart. You are beautiful. You can do anything. You don't belong here. You belong out there," he said. I was struck speechless. I never expected something so poignant from Flynn. He surprised me.

He pushed me just when I needed it. Despite his social awkwardness, he had given me the words that I needed.

His hand clung to mine and I never wanted him to let go.

"I've got a meeting to get to. Will you walk with me?" I whispered, scared that if I spoke any louder I'd lose my nerve.

Flynn nodded.

And he held my hand the entire way.

16

-Ellie-

"Where's Murphy?" I asked Erin after arriving at the animal shelter later that afternoon.

Flynn had walked me to the Dunlop building and had let go of my hand.

"I have to go," he said.

"Thanks for coming with me," I had responded but he hadn't heard me. He was already walking away.

I had met with Professor Au, another English teacher at Black River Community College and I told her of the classes Professor Smith had suggested. She had agreed they seemed like good options. I needed to make another appointment at the financial aid office to finalize the grants to cover the costs.

Then Professor Au had asked me, "Will you be looking to transfer to a four-year school for the fall?"

And even despite Flynn's pep talk and the huge step I had taken by confirming my continued enrollment for next semester, I just couldn't commit to anything beyond that.

So I had brushed off her question in my brash, rough way and our meeting had ended shortly after that.

But I felt good. I had been given some cautious optimism. And that was a hell of a lot more than I had ever had before.

I was in good spirits when I arrived at the animal shelter for my volunteer hours. I needed some fur and slobber and puppy adoration. It was with a dawning grief that I found his cage empty.

I knew that he was scheduled to be euthanized next week, though I had purposefully kept this out of my mind. I didn't want to think about my big beautiful dog being put to sleep. But I couldn't commit to bringing him home with me, as much as I cared for him.

Not now with my future so up in the air. Not when I was being pulled in so many different directions.

Murphy deserved better than my flaky selfishness.

Erin came up behind me and put a hand on my shoulder. I tensed and instantly pulled away. Her sympathy smothering me.

I was too late.

Murphy was gone. And I could have saved him. Once again my inability to make the right choices had cost me something that mattered.

"He was adopted," Erin said and I was so lost in hating myself that I didn't register her words right away.

When it finally dawned on me what she had said I felt my chest constrict.

"What did you say?" I demanded.

Erin chuckled but didn't touch me again, though I knew it was killing her not to pat my back. She was the touchy feely type.

"Apparently someone came in over the weekend and adopted him. I saw the paperwork on my desk when I got here this morning."

"He was adopted? He wasn't put down?" I asked, needing the clarification.

Erin shook her head and smiled. "Nope, he was really adopted."

She was already heading back to her office so I followed her. "Who adopted him? Can I see?" I asked.

"I've already put the information in the system and shredded the paper." She looked at me with that goddamned sympathetic stare of hers again. "You know, it really doesn't matter who adopted him, it's that he was adopted. He found a home," she said.

"But how do you know he went to a good home? What if they aren't nice people? What if they hurt him?" I was feeling more than a little panicked. I thought about Murphy and his soft, loving eyes and laughing mouth. What if his new owners were ass**les?

"I'm sure they'll love him as much as you do," Erin said and I drew myself upright.

"Don't get carried away, Erin, I just want to make sure he went to a good home, is all," I blustered, hating that she called me out on my feelings.

What was wrong with me lately?

But she was right. I loved Murphy. And even though, deep down, I was happy he had been adopted and I wouldn't have to face the prospect of him being euthanized, it still hurt knowing he'd found a home with someone that wasn't me. Even though I had the opportunity to give it to him and hadn't because of my inability to commit to anything.

But that was the story of my freaking life.

Erin grinned at me like she had just learned some big secret. Instead of growling at her like one of the dogs in the shelter behind me, I turned on my heel and stalked off.

Murphy being gone left a huge gaping hole in my chest. I enjoyed the other dogs. Some of them were pretty damn cute, but they weren't Murphy. And I hated how attached I had become to the fur ball.

I caught myself obsessing about his new family. I thought maybe I could get into Erin's computer and see who they were. I had to stop myself from attempting it several times during my shift.

Because Erin was right. The who really didn't matter. He had gotten out. Someone had wanted him. They had given him a home when I couldn't.

I had to be okay with that.

I felt heavy when I left the animal shelter later that night. I was supposed to go by Dania's to hang out but I wasn't feeling up to it. I wanted to go home and curl into a ball and sleep until I could wake up and feel semi-normal again.

As if reading my mind, my phone chirped in my pocket and I pulled it out to see a text from Dania. We had maintained a tentative truce since our argument. It wasn't the first time I had resented how she expected me to apologize for her behavior. But it was the first time I couldn't let it go.

I had always been able to tell myself that Dania was family. I could repeat the same facts over and over to make myself feel better. She had helped me when no one else had. She was there for me when I needed her after being sent to juvie. She had my back, always. Blah, blah, blah.

But now those words felt hollow and fake. And I was beginning to see the massive holes in our friendship.

I opened the text and saw a picture of Dania holding a bottle of vodka and Shane licking the side of her neck. The text read, Get over here bitch!

I thought about texting her back and giving an excuse but I knew that would never fly and I didn't have the energy for another round of fend off Dania's crazy.

I wrapped myself up in my I don't give a shit shield and made my way to Dania's apartment. I knocked on the door and tried not to sigh as I heard the sounds of laughter and loud music on the other side.

It was only seven o'clock and it seemed Dania had a party in full swing. I heard a door open down the hallway and an older woman poked her head out.

"You a friend of hers?" she asked, pointing to Dania's door.

I thought about denying our relationship.

No ma'am, I'm just selling Bibles.

"Yeah," I said, already knowing what she was going to say.

"Then you tell her to turn her damn music down. I'm sick and tired of banging on the wall," the elderly lady wagged her finger and glared at me as though I were the one being a public menace.

"Sure thing," I said just as she slammed her door closed. I rolled my eyes. It was no wonder Dania was being evicted. She most certainly didn't understand what it meant to be a respectful neighbor.

Hell, she didn't know what it meant to be a respectful anything.

The door swung open showing a scantily clothed Reggie. Her short brown hair was sticking out on all sides of her head and from the glassy focus of her eyes, I knew she was on something.

"Ellie..." she slurred, pulling me inside. I took in the usual crowd of people. Some weren't nearly as inebriated as Reggie, but it was clear that they had been at it for a while.

"Here!" Reggie shoved a shot glass in my hand. Normally I would down it without a second thought. But I wasn't in the mood to party. I was feeling edgy and I didn't think alcohol would help with the situation.

Reggie stumbled off and soon I was absorbed into the party.

It was soon pretty apparent that these get-togethers weren't nearly as fun while sober. Danielle Davis, a girl who had graduated a year ahead of me was throwing up off the balcony. Shane was playing sexual predator with a girl who looked like she was barely out of high school.

I hadn't seen Dania yet, not that I was making a huge effort to find her.

I deposited the still full shot glass on the coffee table and headed into the kitchen, hoping I'd find my best friend. Instead I was met by a group of tweaked out jackassess snorting crushed up pills off the phone book.

How many times had I seen this and it had never fazed me? Often I had joined in. Now, I curled my lip and retreated into the living room, disgusted.

I was surrounded by people I couldn't stand.

I headed toward Dania's bathroom. I wanted a few minutes to myself. I needed to think of an excuse to leave. Something that I wouldn't get crap for later.

But I opened the door to find Dania f**king Stu on top of the toilet. Her pregnant belly bulged outward while Stu groped her tits.

"Shit, I'm sorry," I said holding my hand up so I could shield my eyes. I'd need to bleach my brain later.

Dania rolled her head to the side to find me trying to back out the door without throwing up.

"Ells!" she shrieked, her eyes unfocused, her speech slurred. She climbed off Stu's lap and ran over, throwing her arms around me. She seemed unconcerned by the fact that she was completely naked.

"Fucking hell, Dania!" Stu yelled. He started stroking his dick while I was standing there. "Now, I've got take care of this myself," he growled. Dania giggled.

This was wrong. So very, very wrong.

I pulled away from Dania and stumbled backwards. I needed to get out of there. I couldn't do this.

Not anymore.

"Where are you going?" Dania asked, following me out into the living room.

There was laughter and catcalls as she flashed the entire party. She put her hand on her hip and struck a pose. It was obscene.

I stared hard at her stomach, thinking about the baby that lived in there. The baby she was hurting with her selfish behavior.

She wasn't thinking about the person she was supposed to protect. She was throwing away his life, just like her mother had done to her.

And mine had done the day she had walked out and left me alone to fend for myself.

In that moment I hated Dania.

I really f**king hated her.

"I've got to go," I said and hurried back to the front door.

I could hear Dania's laughter as I fled.

I slammed the door behind me and leaned back against it heavily. The vibrations of the music rattled my bones just as my thoughts rattled my brain.

I had made a million excuses for Dania. For my friends. For the way we lived our lives.

How could I do that? How could I stand there and say I don't give a shit?

I had been numb for so damn long.

But every day, every hour, the deep emotional freeze was beginning to thaw.

And it hurt.

It was excruciating.

But it made me feel strong.

I gripped my keys in my hand and headed out to my car.

I didn't know where I was going but I knew where I wouldn't be.

And that was here. Stuck. Never changing.

It was time to do something about it.

17

-Ellie-

I drove around for a while; thinking until I thought my head would explode. Somehow I had ended up parked at the bottom of a familiar graveled driveway. The night was noisy as I climbed out of my car.

It was the early days of October and the heat of August and September was slowly slipping away. The night held the sounds of a dying summer.

I closed the door to my car, the sound like a gunshot. I don't know why I ended up here, only that I had nowhere else to go.

And that had been what led me to him all those years ago.

I walked up the worn path that cut through the trees. It looped around by a stream that edged the property. I had traversed these woods many times. I knew exactly where the road would lead me.

I heard him before I saw him, my heart speeding up in my chest.

I edged through the trees until I was at the bottom of his yard. I could make him out in the moonlight. I could hear his laughter and it made me smile.

What was he doing?

A huge figure barreled past me and I almost wet myself.

"Come here, Murphy!" I heard Flynn call out and the furry creature trotted up the yard carrying a stick in his mouth.

I stepped out into the open, barely able to believe what was right in front of me. My dog, my Murphy, was running as fast as his gangly doggie legs could carry him toward Flynn, who slapped his thighs, encouraging him to run faster.

Murphy dropped the stick on the ground at Flynn's feet. Flynn knelt beside the dog I loved and scratched his head, running his fingers through his fur. I could still hear him laughing, even though I couldn't see his face in the darkness.

I started walking toward them, barely able to breathe. Barely able to contain the tears that prickled behind my eyelids.

As if sensing my presence, Murphy started running back down the hill, towards me. He jumped up, his paws landing on my stomach, just as he had done when I'd let him out of his cage at the shelter.

He toppled me over backwards and I landed with a whoosh on my backside. Murphy's tongue lapped my cheek, his hot doggie breath filling my nose.

"Good boy," I crooned, scratching underneath his chin just how I knew he liked it.

"He likes you." I looked over my shoulder to find Flynn approaching.

I laughed as Murphy nudged my chin with the top of his head. I thought I'd never see him again. I had spent a better part of my day fixated on what had become of him. And here he was, with the one person I knew would love him as much as I did.

"I can't believe it was you that adopted him," I said in between breathless giggles.

"What?" Flynn asked, clearly confused.

I got to my feet, Murphy pressed against my legs.

"You got him from the shelter. I volunteer there. I've been taking care of Murphy since he was brought in over the summer," I explained, still in disbelief that my dog was here. Only he wasn't my dog anymore. He was Flynn's dog. And that made me incredibly happy.

"Do you want to play with us?" Flynn asked, smiling shyly. His innocent question was all it took to turn my night around.

I had left Dania's upset and conflicted.

And I had found my way here.

I had found my way home.

I grabbed the ball from Flynn's hand and tossed into the air before catching it. Murphy wagged his tail and reared up on his hind legs trying to take it from me.

"Go long, Flynn!" I cried, winding back my arm to throw the bed.

"Where am I going?" Flynn asked, jogging backwards.

I chuckled, pointing to a spot on the other side of the yard that was visible in the spotlight shining from the porch.

"Over there! I'm going to toss this to you. Murphy loves this game. When you catch it throw it right back," I instructed, feeling an almost indescribable joy.

"Okay. I'll throw it back to you after I catch it," Flynn confirmed, repeating back to me the directions I had just given him.

"Right. Throw it back after you catch it." I knew he needed the repetition to ensure he understood. Patience wasn't my strong suit, yet with Flynn I found that I had it in spades. Anyone else I would have barked my orders and hurled insults if they didn't get it. Anyone else and I wouldn't be bothering to play fetch in the dark.

But this wasn't anyone else.

And experience had established that my usual just didn't apply with Flynn.

I threw the ball as fast as I could and watched as Murphy bounded after it. Flynn caught it and then fumbled, dropping it to the ground.

"Get it, Flynn! Hurry!" I yelled, laughing as I watched him wrestle with the dog for the ball. But Murphy was tenacious and he was the one walking away victorious. He trotted up the hill and lay down beneath the old apple tree, gnawing on the ball. If dogs could smile, Murphy was grinning like a fool.

"He's strong," Flynn grumbled, wiping canine salvia off his hands in the grass. He made a face and held his palms out away from his body. I pulled a tissue out of my back pocket and took one of his hands gently and slowly wiped his skin clean.

He didn't pull away. He stayed perfectly still until I was finished and had tucked the tissue back in my pocket.

I was standing so close to him that I could smell the clean tang of his soap. I could see every strand of his thick, dark hair in the moonlight. The sloping curve of his lips and the dip of his neck where it met his shoulders beneath his long sleeved shirt.

Flynn was looking at the ground, his hands now gripped in front of him in a tight knot. His chest was rising and falling rapidly but he wasn't backing away.

We were only a few inches apart. If I reached out I could wrap my arm around him. If I leaned in, I could kiss him. I could lay my head on his shoulder.

I swallowed around the lump that had taken up residence in my throat. The air hummed with awareness. And I could tell by the tension in Flynn's shoulders and the tightness in his jaw that he felt something too.

And he still wasn't moving...

"Can we try that again? I won't let him get the ball this time," Flynn said suddenly, breaking our trance.

I licked my dry lips and could only nod. Words had failed me.

"Let me get it. No sense in getting your hands covered with dog drool again," I said, giving him, what I hoped, was a convincing smile.

Flynn peeked up at me through the long strands of his hair and returned my smile with a shaky one of his own.

Something had happened in those few seconds that had changed everything.

I just didn't know what.

I crept back over to Murphy who was now watching me warily as I approached. His tail started thumping the grass behind him, his large paws holding on to the ball in front of him.

"Hey big boy," I crooned, grinning as his tail started wagging wildly. I dropped down onto the ground beside him and scratched behind his ears. Out of all the dogs for Flynn to take home, he had adopted the one I loved the most. The one I had connected with in a way I had never been able to connect with another living thing. Except for Flynn.

And now they were making a home together. They would keep each other company. They would love each other. And I wished like hell I could be a part of that. I wanted to be included in the tiny family Flynn had created by bringing Murphy here.

There were those damn tears again. That smelly dog and frustrating man were reducing me to a sniveling mess.

I rubbed my eyes with the back of my hand, wiping away the wetness that had escaped behind my eyelids, and grabbed the ball while Murphy was still enjoying his ear scratches.

I jumped to my feet and ran. The huge beast lumbered after me, his tongue lolling out of his mouth.

"Over here, Ellie! I'll catch it!" Flynn hollered, waving his arms over his head. I threw the ball in his direction.

"In coming!" I screamed, doubling over in fits of laughter as Murphy took off after it, colliding with Flynn, sending them both to the ground.

A few seconds later, Murphy trotted off, once again victorious.

Flynn sat up and held his hands up in the air. "I give up. He's too strong for me!"

I joined him on the grass, the dirt cool beneath me. "Yeah, he's one tough pooch," I conceded, watching the dog in question with blatant affection.

"That was fun," Flynn grinned, slowly stretching his legs out in front of him but he was careful not to touch the grass. He folded his hands in his lap, looking rigid and uncomfortable.

"Yeah it was. I needed that," I said, my voice sounding loud all of a sudden. I cleared my throat and looked up toward the house. It was lit up like a Christmas tree. Lights were on in every window. It looked warm and inviting, just like it always had.

Flynn fidgeted. I looked down at him and he was trying to situate himself so he could be more relaxed.

"We don't have to sit on the ground. You have some perfectly nice benches that we can use," I told him.

He shook his head. "No. Kevin says I should make myself experience new things. Things that I don't like or that make me anxious."

I smirked. "And sitting on the ground is a new experience?" I scoffed.

"I don't like the feel of the grass. It's rough. It's itchy. I hate it," he mumbled, rubbing his hands together.

Sometimes I could almost forget that there was anything unusual about Flynn. He had obviously worked hard over the years to suppress his more troublesome traits. Sure he was still awkward and said things that the rest of the world would only think in their heads. But his honesty was refreshing. It was nice knowing where you stood with someone instead of constantly second-guessing.

But then there times like this, when it was impossible to ignore how much he struggled in his day-to-day life. I was in awe of the man who was sat beside me, trying not to freak out because the grass was scratching his skin.

I thought I had it tough. I had lived so long in my egocentric bubble that I had forgotten that there were other people in the world who fought battles a lot more brutal than mine.

Flynn reminded me that fighting had to always be an option.

"Can you lie back on the grass, Flynn?" I asked him. He looked at me like I was crazy.

"There are bugs in the grass, Ellie. They'll crawl in my hair. They can get in my ears." He sounded as though he were on the verge of a full-blown panic attack.

I needed to try this another way.

I pointed upwards and tilted my head back. "Look up then," I said in hushed tones.

Flynn obeyed and tilted his head back.

"What do you see?" I asked him.

Flynn was quiet, his eyes trained on the sky above him. Finally he answered in an equally quiet voice.

"I see the universe."

"It's beautiful, isn't it?"

Flynn looked over at me and I met his eyes. And he held them. He didn't look away. "Yes. It's beautiful."

I felt myself flush. I cleared my throat. "Can I touch you?" I asked.

Flynn was quiet for a long time and I didn't think he was going to answer me. But finally he nodded. A slight incline of his head giving me permission.

I gently placed my fingers on his chin, turning his face back up to the night sky. "If you watch long enough you'll see a falling star. Have you ever seen a falling star before?"

Flynn shook his head. "No. I haven't," he whispered.

"Well, let's look for one. They're supposed to be good luck, you know. And I don't know about you, but I could use a little luck in my life," I mused.

And we sat there, the night wrapping us in its safe and silent arms, watching the stars wink and shine above us. After a while, I reached over and took Flynn's shoulders in my hands. "Keep watching the stars," I murmured as I pulled him back onto the grass with me.

He didn't protest. His body tensed for a moment and I thought he'd sit back up. But after a few seconds, I felt him relax. I moved as close to him as I thought he'd allow. And we continued to watch the twinkling worlds in the sky.

"I saw one!" Flynn gasped, pointing. I followed his finger but didn't see it.

"Looks like the good luck is all on you then," I remarked lightly. Flynn's hand clasped mine and I hissed in a breath as he brought it up to his lips. With an excruciating slowness he kissed my knuckles. His actions timid and unsure.

My heart fluttered madly.

"Is that okay?" he asked, his breath hot on my palm.

"Yes," I croaked.

Flynn pressed his mouth to my hand again, this time a little harder and a little longer.

"Your skin feels nice," he said, my hand still touching his face.

"Your lips feel nice on my skin," I breathed.

"I've never done this before," he let out in a rush.

I rolled my head to the side and watched him as he continued to watch the sky and kiss my hand. "You've never done what?"

He carefully placed my hand on his chest. Over his heart. He turned his head to look at me. His green eyes dark in the shadows but as bright as the stars.

"Kissed a girl. Touched a girl. I've never done anything," he admitted and I was more than a little shocked. Sure he was different, but that didn't change the fact that Flynn was beautiful. There had to have been a girl at college, somewhere, who could see the amazing man he was beneath his awkward exterior.

"You've never kissed anyone? No one has ever touched you like this?" I asked, lifting my hand from his chest and lightly stroking my fingers down the length of his cheek.

I watched as his Adam's apple bobbed up and down with the force of his swallow. I rested my hand at the hollow of his throat, feeling the frantic beat of his heart beneath my fingertips.

"I don't like people touching me. It makes me feel strange. I get nervous."

Was he telling me to stop?

I started to lift my hand but he grabbed it with a sudden aggression that startled me. He gripped my hand tightly in his. He closed his eyes, frowning as though in pain.

"I like it when you touch me," he said in an agonized whisper.

I wriggled my fingers free and brought them back to his face. "I'll be careful Flynn. I promise."

I traced the curve of his lips and my breath became labored. How could just touching his mouth affect me so much?

"I know you will, Ellie. I trust you."

That made me stop.

He trusted me.

This incredible man trusted me! Ellie McCallum. I was hateful. I was inconsiderate. I had thought nothing of making him the brunt of my juvenile cruelty. I had grown up to become a woman who cared nothing for anyone or anything. To me, people had always been disposable. No one was worth the effort it took to love and open myself up.

I was hated. I was feared. I was barely tolerated by the people I considered friends.

And yet Flynn Hendrick trusted me.

The power of those words wasn't lost on me. He had given me something infinitely precious without even realizing it. He offered it without a second thought to who he was giving it to.

Because Flynn was pure. He was untainted. He was good.

And this man trusted me.

I slowly wrapped my hand around the side of his neck, my fingers curling up into his hair. I heard Flynn's sharp intake of breath as I pressed myself against the length of him. Our bodies were touching from chest to toes.

My breath mingled with his and his eyes squeezed shut. I couldn't ask him to open his eyes. As much as I wanted him to look at me, to see me, I knew instinctively that it would be too much.

"Is it alright if I kiss you, Flynn?" I asked, caressing the skin below his ear in slow, soothing circles with my thumb.

"Yes," he let out in a voice barely loud enough for me to hear.

But I heard him. In the depths of my heart I would always be able to hear him.

I leaned in and touched his lips with mine. I didn't move. I didn't kiss him. I let him get used to the feel of my mouth. If he wanted to pull back, now would be the time. Before I let go and kissed him the way I wanted to.

He was breathing noisily through his nose. The air whooshed in and out so fast I was a bit worried he'd hyperventilate.

"Is this okay?" I asked, my lips brushing against his.

He didn't answer me. He only nodded.

So I closed my eyes and pressed my mouth firmer. And then I was kissing him.

I started slow, as difficult as that was for me. Delicate pecks against his mouth as he worked out what he was supposed to do. Light caresses. Soft touches.

It felt like forever before he finally started to respond and kiss me back. His tender, innocent grazes stoked a fire inside of me that I didn't even know existed. I tentatively licked his lower lip and he shuddered.

I licked him again, this time pressing between his lips. He clenched his teeth together as though to bar my entry. I pulled back slightly and rubbed the back of his neck.

"Please let me taste you," I begged. If he pulled away now I didn't know what I'd do. I'd most likely crumble into a heap of sexual frustration and never get up again.

"I want to taste you too," he whispered and then his tongue was arching out to meet mine. I sealed my lips over his and I taught him how to kiss me like he wanted to devour.

For someone who was so new to this whole kissing thing, he picked up the basics surprisingly fast. The man was a natural. He sucked on my tongue and I couldn't control my deep, guttural moan. I instantly froze, worried my primal response would send him scrambling.

I was pleasantly shocked when it had the opposite effect. Flynn brought his hands up and pressed his palms into my back. He dug his fingers into my flesh and I felt as though he were trying to burrow his way inside. His mouth was hot and hurried.

But I could only go so far. And I wanted to scream with the irony of that. I had finally found a man I wanted to share all of myself with but he wasn't ready for me to do that.

Because I wanted to grope. I wanted to stroke. I wanted to rip his clothes off and run my hands over his smooth, hard body. But I couldn't.

This was the first step and I couldn't venture any further. Even if the ache between my thighs was threatening to reach an earth shattering crescendo.

So after a few minutes, I forced myself to pull back. I didn't want to and I could tell Flynn didn't want me to either. His lips reached out for mine again, his fingers turning to claws as he gripped me tightly. I chuckled as I leaned backwards, placing a finger over his mouth.

"Let me catch my breath," I pleaded. Because if I didn't take a minute, I'd push him for more. I had officially become the dude in our scenario.

"But I want to kiss you a lot. I liked that," he pouted and I couldn't help but kiss him one more time. But when he tried to deepen it, I pulled away and rolled onto my back.

We were quiet for a long time. I threw my arm over my eyes and tried to dampen my raging hormones. I was more turned on by Flynn's kisses than I had ever been by having sex with the countless guys that had come before him.

The only sound was our raspy breathing. It was a comfortably intimate moment, lying in the grass, our arms barely touching, lost in the waves of a passion I could barely believe was real.

"Was it okay? Did you like it?" Flynn asked and I could hear the thread of doubt in his voice. His normally flat tone was tinged with worry.

I lowered my arm and rolled back on my side so that I was facing him again. His eyes were trained on the sky so I reached out and placed my hand on his chest.

"I loved it, Flynn. It was amazing," I said truthfully. I hoped he could recognize my sincerity. I hoped, just this once, he understood the real emotion in my tone and inflection. Because what I wanted to say but couldn't was so much more profound than that.

I love you, Flynn.

"Good, because I want to do that again." Flynn grinned and squeezed my hand before sitting up.

I couldn't help but laugh.

Flynn whistled for Murphy who came galloping across the yard with his long, clumsy strides. His large body collided with Flynn, who caught him around the middle.

He touched and cuddled the creature so easily. One day I hoped he touched me with such easy affection.

"I'm freezing. I have banana bread inside. Come have some," Flynn stated, getting to his feet and systematically wiping grass from his pants and shirt. It was never a question. Flynn only gave commands.

And for once I didn't feel oppositional when told to do something. My need to defy was tucked away quietly. This time I was happy to comply.

So I followed the man who had stolen my heart and stitched up my soul into the house of our shared childhood. Where I could remember the person I had almost been.

And just maybe I could be her now.

18

-Flynn-

Many years ago...

Tomorrow is my sixteenth birthday. Mom said she'd make me my special cake. It was vanilla cake with chocolate icing. I told her I wanted to have Ellie over for cake and ice cream. Mom had frowned and told me no.

I had gotten angry. I threw my glass and it cut Mom's arm. I felt bad then. I saw the blood and I started to cry. It was gross. It made me feel sick.

Mom told me not to worry about it. She said she'd clean it up and be good as new. She told me I had to stop throwing things when I got mad. That I should talk instead of being violent.

I told her I'd try.

She told me Ellie could come over and that made me happy.

I tried to talk to Ellie when I got to school but she was with Dania and Stu and those other kids she talks to.

"Tomorrow's my birthday," I told her. Dania started laughing. It made me mad.

"It's the 'tard's birthday, Stu!" Dania said, her voice sounding like a cow I heard crying when it was dying in our neighbor's field.

I put my hands over my ears so I could block out her voice. "Shut up!" I yelled. They kept laughing.

Ellie didn't stop them. She laughed with them. That made my stomach hurt.

"Stop laughing!" I yelled even louder. If I were loud enough, maybe they'd hear me and they'd stop.

"'Tard boy's having a birthday! Are we invited to the party? Will there be balloons? What about a clown?" Stu laughed and laughed and I was getting madder.

I hit the locker and ran down the hall. I hated all of them. Even Ellie.

Ellie turned around in her seat at the end of English class. I didn't want to talk to her. She had been mean to me. She was mean to me all the time now. She used to be my friend. Sometimes she still was. When she came to my house she was nice. She'd smile a lot and I liked that.

But I didn't like her at school.

I didn't like her with her other friends.

"I'm sorry about earlier, Flynn. You just can't talk to me in front of everyone else. We've talked about that," she said so quietly I could barely hear her.

"Why are you talking like that? I can't hear you," I said loudly to show her how I wanted her to talk.

"Shh! Stop it!" she said and she was frowning. I knew she was getting mad at me again.

I didn't want to look at her. She was making me sad. I didn't want to feel sad. Mom said if she made me sad she wasn't really my friend.

I wanted Ellie to be my friend.

But I was sad all the time now.

"I got you a birthday gift. I'll give it to you after school tomorrow, okay," she said, talking quietly again.

I didn't look at her. Even if she was going to give me a present.

"Maybe I could come to your house too. We could hang out. Watch the A-Team. I'll even watch that stupid cartoon you like," she said and I smiled because I liked watching television with Ellie. She would do funny voices and make me laugh.

"It's Aqua Teen Hunger Force," I said. Aqua Teen Hunger Force was my favorite but Ellie never wanted to watch it. She said it sucked.

I was excited that she wanted to watch it with me.

"Yeah, Aqua Teen Hunger Force." Ellie made a noise with her nose that made me smile.

"Am I forgiven?" she asked.

I nodded. I didn't like to be mad at Ellie. I liked it when she was nice. And when she was nice I was happy.

Ellie put her hand on my arm and I liked that too.

"We'll spend your special day together. I promise," she said.

I believed her.

I was so excited about my birthday that I couldn't sleep. The sheets were bothering me again. Mom had forgotten to smooth them before bed and I hated the way they felt on my arms and legs.

I had yelled and yelled for Mom until she finally came in and changed them. I didn't throw them out the window. Mom said she was proud of me.

I went to school on my birthday wearing my favorite shirt. It was blue and the sleeves covered the backs of my hands. It felt soft when I rubbed it.

I saw Ellie as soon as I walked into the school. I didn't talk to her. I knew she didn't want me to. But she smiled at me and I felt happy.

She promised she'd spend my special day with me and I believed her.

Ellie was nice to me in English class and I made her laugh by telling her a funny joke. It felt good.

At the end of the day I checked my watch and started walking home. Ellie said she'd meet me by the bridge. I'd see her in twelve minutes. Seven hundred and twenty seconds.

I could see her standing by the bridge. She looked pretty. Her hair wasn't colored. It was yellow. I liked it yellow.

"Ellie!" I yelled, waving at her. She didn't wave back. Her face looked funny.

"There's our favorite 'tard!"

Someone grabbed me and held me down. I kicked out my legs, trying to make them let me go but they just held me tighter.

I screamed as they put something on my head. I heard Dania laugh.

"Look at the cute little freak with his cute little birthday hat," she said and I started to yell at them to leave me alone.

I tried to hit Stu but he moved out of the way.

I kicked gravel at his shoes. I threw my book bag on the ground. I looked at Ellie but she was laughing too.

She said she'd spend my special day with me! She said we'd watch Aqua Teen Hunger Force! She was supposed to eat Mom's cake!

I started to cry. My insides hurt so much I felt sick.

I tried to run away from them but Stu and Dania grabbed me before I could.

"The birthday boy can't go without having his cake," Dania said.

I looked at Ellie. She was still laughing.

Stu put something in my mouth. It tasted horrible. I tried to spit it out. It was stuck in my teeth.

"A shit sandwich for a shitty little 'tard boy," Stu yelled in my ear as I wiped my tongue with my hand, trying to get the taste out of my mouth.

I started to gag and then I threw up.

I threw up all over my shoes and on my pants.

"That's f**king nasty!" Dania said, backing up.

I kept throwing up. I felt so bad.

I was still crying. Why were they always so mean to me?

It was my birthday!

It was my special day!

"You lied!" I screamed at Ellie who had stopped laughing.

Dania and Stu were gone. I don't know where they went.

Ellie's face was wet.

"Flynn. I'm sorry," she said.

"Mom was right! You aren't my friend. You're a bitch!"

Ellie's face looked sad. I didn't understand. I was sad. Not Ellie. She was mean.

I wiped my mouth and picked up my book bag. I ran away from her.

I hurt so badly I couldn't breathe.

"I hate you!" I yelled back at her.

"I know," she heard her say.

19

-Ellie-

It was hard to describe what Flynn and I were becoming to each other. Since that night with him and Murphy we started spending more and more time together. I would go to his house after work and we'd watch television. Sometimes I'd bring food; sometimes he'd make me something to eat.

I was surprised to discover that Flynn Hendrick was an amazing cook.

It was with startling ease that the two of us fell back into old comfortable patterns. But with some very significant differences.

The first being that now there was kissing involved. Lots and lots of kissing.

I was attracted to Flynn. Very attracted. Sure, he was strange and awkward and his manners were worse than mine. But I wasn't looking for a gentleman. I wasn't looking for someone who would hold the door open for me or say bless you when I sneezed. That stuff was really unimportant.

Because what Flynn was outweighed that trivial bullshit women think is essential in the men they want in their lives. Flynn was tender. Flynn was kind. Flynn wanted to make me happy.

Flynn forgave without question, even when my reemerging guilt told me I didn't deserve it. Because the lingering knowledge of my crime hung heavy over me. I couldn't forget that Flynn had no idea what really happen all those years ago. The night that ruined my life and killed his dog.

It threatened to overshadow everything. The closer we became, the more I wanted to tell him. But I was scared. I didn't want to lose the way he looked at me. I didn't want to lose this growing relationship that was becoming the deepest experience of my life.

I was selfish. Was there ever a doubt? I was thinking only of myself. What it would mean to me if Flynn were ever to discover the truth.

I wasn't being fair. He needed to know. But I just couldn't tell him. Not now.

We didn't talk much about high school and the way I had treated him. Part of me wanted to avoid the topic all together. I wish I could go back to pretending I hadn't been a heinous bitch. For years I had justified my behavior. I had convinced myself that Flynn hadn't really been my friend. That our relationship hadn't mattered to me at all. I had forced myself to forget the details. It made it easier for me to accept that I had caused immeasurable damage for no real reason at all.

Flynn would mention things sometimes that reminded me of how good things had been. He brought up the time I had taught him to play the guitar.

I wasn't a great musician but I had been able to carry a tune. Flynn however, had been horrible. But it had been fun now that I was allowing myself to remember.

"Do you still play the guitar?" Flynn had asked me and it hit me that I hadn't thought about playing music in years.

Not since I was sixteen. Not since going to juvie.

It was yet another thing I had lost and had made myself forget that I had enjoyed.

So of course the next time I saw Flynn, he handed me a battered guitar case and gave me a shy smile.

"What's this?" I asked, slowly reaching out to take it.

"Open it," Flynn grinned and I could only shake my head. I set the case down on his living room floor and bent down to release the clasps. I opened the top and stared down at a very used, but still beautiful, Taylor acoustic guitar.

"Shit, Flynn. This must have cost a fortune. Taylor guitars are expensive," I exclaimed, hardly able to believe he had done this. He paid attention to absolutely everything. There wasn't a thing about me that he hadn't catalogued away and remembered.

Why did he care about me so much? What had I ever done to deserve it?

"Don't cuss, Ellie," Flynn reprimanded flatly. I chuckled and apologized.

I ran a finger down the worn neck. It was a lot nicer than the beater I used to have when I was fifteen. That one had a broken neck I had tried to fix with super glue. After my shoddy repair job it would never stay in tune. The frets had been cracked and chipped and it had been missing a couple of tuning pegs.

This one, while obviously second hand, was gorgeous. I carefully picked it up and sat down cross-legged, with the guitar resting in my lap. I wrapped my left hand around the neck, pressing down. I ran my fingers along the strings.

"I used to like listening to you play. I liked it when you taught me. I want you to play again. It made you happy. You used to smile a lot when you played," Flynn said, sitting down beside me and watching my hands as they fumbled through the few chords I could still remember. It had been a long time, so I was rusty.

"I can't believe you did this for me, Flynn." My voice cracked and broke, the emotion strangling me. My tears embarrassed me.

But Flynn had reminded me that it was okay to cry. That tears didn't make me weak; that letting them fall didn't have to mean that I was broken. It could mean that I was coming back together.

Flynn placed his hand on my leg. I looked down to where he was touching me and then up at his face. He very rarely initiated touch. Physical and emotional intimacy on any level was a new thing for both of us. He wasn't used to touching anyone. I wasn't used to being touched by someone that actually cared about me.

But when he did touch me, my heart would with swell with the force of my feelings for him. To him I was precious and wanted. I had never, in all my life, been adored the way he adored me. Not when I was a child being shuttled from one foster home to the next. Not when I was a teenager using sex as a means to connect. And certainly not as an adult when I had come to accept my emotional isolation and stopped trying to feel anything at all.

"Play something for me," Flynn urged, his fingers pressing into my thigh. The warmth of his hand burned me.

I reached up and brushed his hair from his forehead. He stiffened but allowed it.

"Can I kiss you first? To say thank you?" I always asked him if I could kiss him. I was still feeling out his comfort level. And every time I asked, I held my breath until he consented. Waiting for that time he would finally reject me and turn away. I didn't want to think about what I would do if that ever happened.

Flynn nodded and I wrapped my hand around the back of his neck and pulled him toward me. His eyes were already fluttering closed and I kissed the tip of his nose before melding my mouth to his. He opened up his lips instantly. He had become quite adept at using his tongue. He was also learning to become more vocal.

When my tongue swept into his mouth he groaned and my belly tightened in response. A deep, glowing warmth spread throughout my body. I ran my fingers through his hair and he seemed to enjoy that. He groaned again, the press of his lips becoming more frantic.

I tried not to wince as he bit down on my lower lip a little harder than I would have liked. He was still trying to figure out what I liked and what he liked. "Not so hard, baby," I whispered into his mouth, making sure to tell him.

"I'm sorry," he whispered back, running his tongue along the skin he had just bitten. I gave him my own moan to encourage him.

I almost pulled away when he suddenly put both of his hands on my br**sts. I hadn't been expecting that.

He didn't move his hands. He didn't rub or knead. He just held his palms over my ni**les, his fingers spanning the expanse of my boobs. Should I show him what to do? Would he freak out and pull away?

We were still kissing but I was fixated on his hands that sat, unmoving on my chest. Finally I pulled back and looked down pointedly at his hands. "Uh, what's going on here?" I asked.

Flynn followed the direction of my stare and quickly dropped his hands. "I'm sorry," he muttered, folding his hands together in his lap.

Oh shit, he was starting to rub them. He was gnawing on his bottom lip, another sign that he was upset.

"Flynn, it's okay. I was just surprised is all," I tried to reassure him. Flynn had closed down. He wouldn't answer me. He had gone inside his head. Things had been going so well and then I had opened my stupid f**king mouth and ruined everything.

"I wanted to touch you. I've seen it before on television. It looked nice. I thought I'd touch you like that," he said, still rubbing his hands furiously.

I wanted to bang my head against the wall in frustration. I wasn't known for my grace or diplomacy. I didn't do the whole walking on eggshells thing. I stomped all over those mother f**king eggs, smearing yolk everywhere.

But I had to tread carefully with Flynn. This was testing me in ways that I hadn't imagined.

I felt the familiar flicker of anger. The desire to lash out and abandon this thing that was starting to prove difficult.

"I wanted to make you feel as good as I do," he said and just like that my irritation burst and faded away.

I reached over and took his hand and slipped it under my shirt so that it rested on my breast but over the thin fabric of my bra. Flynn hissed in a breath, his eyes widening. He was so innocent. It was disconcerting at times. But he was eager to learn and that was a total turn on.

"Touch me, Flynn. Rub my nipple with your fingers," I instructed, my voice raspy as he started to move his fingers under mine.

He was hesitant at first but I took his hand and directed his movements. After a few minutes of uncomfortable pinching and awkward groping, he finally got the hang of it and I dropped my hand from his.

It felt good. Really good. I reached down and pulled my shirt over my head and dropped it on the floor. Flynn licked his lips, his eyes trained on his hand that covered my boob.

Fuck me, it was hot. I noticed the bulge in his pants and knew that he was enjoying it as much as I was.

"Use your other hand to touch my left breast," I told him breathlessly. He did as I told him. He started to take some initiative and pushed aside the cotton bra and touched my bare skin.

My head rolled back as he worked his fingers. "Your skin feels so good, Ellie," Flynn said, his voice breaking. He pinched and twisted my ni**les and I groaned. I wanted him to touch me all over but I knew this was as far as he could go right now. And that had to be enough.

After a few more minutes he dropped his hands. I opened my eyes and was relieved to see the smile on his face. I readjusted my bra, covering myself again.

"I liked that," he admitted shyly, blatantly staring at my chest. I laughed and leaned over to kiss his mouth.

"I liked it too, Flynn," I enthused.

After that, he wanted to touch my br**sts...a lot. And at the most random times. Like when we were sitting in the car. Or walking Murphy in the woods behind his house.

When he tried to grope me at Ma's Diner, I had to remind him that we were in public and that sort of stuff had to wait until we got to his house. Even if I wanted to let him touch me as much as he wanted.

Our days were spent in beautiful tandem. The more time I spent with Flynn the more I pulled away from everything else.

I hadn't seen Dania since her party. I had been avoiding her. We had spoken on the phone a few times and I was relieved to hear she had been busy. I didn't feel so bad about making excuses not to see her.

I should have known my evasion tactics would only go so far, which I learned after I answered the phone one day as I relaxing on my couch for the first time in days.

As soon as I said hello she started to bombard me with questions about the apartment we had been to see several weeks ago. She asked if I had heard from the landlord and I could at least be honest and tell her I hadn't.

I hadn't been particularly proactive in following up though, but I didn't tell her that. I wasn't ready to admit to her that living together just wasn't going to happen.

"Maybe we should look at some other places. My landlord is being a dick and he says I have until the end of December to get out. That only give me two months ya know." She sounded almost accusatory; as though it were my fault she was getting evicted.

"How was your doctor's appointment?" I asked, changing the subject.

"Eh. Okay I guess. The doctor was a little worried because the baby doesn't seem to be growing the way it should be. He read me the riot act because I was still smoking. I told him to shove it. What the f**k does he know about me or my baby?" she scoffed.

"Well he is a doctor, Dania. It's sort of what he went to school for. Those extra four years do give him some insight into what he's talking about," I couldn't help but say. And I knew instantly it was the wrong choice of words.

"Of course you'd side with the doctor, Ellie! You never have my back anymore. You judge me just like everyone else in this f**ked up town!" she screeched into the phone.

"Sheesh, Dania. I was just saying you should probably listen to the doctor. You want your baby to be healthy right?" I asked, trying to placate her and smooth out the situation.

"Fuck this stupid baby! It's ruined my f**king life! I just want it out! And then I can get rid of it like I should have done when I found out I was pregnant!" she screamed.

I almost dropped the phone. Her vicious bile towards the innocent child in her belly left me cold.

"Are you saying you're giving him up for adoption?" I asked carefully, making sure to call the baby "he" instead of "it." Dania needed to be reminded that this baby was a person whether she wanted him or not.

"I don't f**king know, Ellie! I get a hell of a lot of benefits for having a baby. Did you know I could get an extra $1500 a month from the state? And I can get on WIC, which will pay for my groceries. And social services will even help me pay for the apartment and childcare. I could use the cash, Ells."

My temper spiked. This was her entire motivation for keeping the baby? So she could get extra money from the government. Was she serious?

"Wow, that's very selfless of you," I deadpanned, trying to rein in my anger.

"Shut up, Ellie. You'll be thanking me when I'm getting that money every month to pay for our rent. So don't give me any of your holier than thou bullshit!"

I didn't want her money. I didn't want her goddamned drama. I didn't want to sit by and watch her screw up her baby's life the way my mother and her mother had screwed up ours.

"I've got to go," I said, needing to end our conversation before I said something I couldn't take back.

"I miss you, Ells. I never see you anymore. How about I bring you a sundae during your shift at JAC's tonight? With hot fudge and sprinkles, just how you like it," Dania said sweetly, her mood doing a 180.

"You don't need to bribe me with ice cream, Dania," I told her tiredly.

I heard her sigh on the other end. "You're my best friend, Ellie. We've always had each other's backs. In high school, you were the one who slashed Stu's tires when I caught him cheating on me. And I was the one who came and visited you every weekend when you were in juvie. We do things for each other. That's what friends do," she reminded me.

What she had just described sounded more like an episode of a bad talk show than a healthy friendship. When she put it like that, it made me realize how shitty our relationship had always been. We fed off the worst of each other.

But she did say one thing that was true.

We had always been there for each other.

Though I'm not sure that had done either of us any good.

"Okay, bring me a sundae," I gave in.

"I will! Maybe even a milkshake too," she enthused and I could only shake my head, though she couldn't see me.

"See ya," I said and hung up the phone. I felt drained. Talking to Dania was hard at the best of times. But now, with my life changing in slow, incremental ways, I was finding it even more difficult to be around her.

Because now when I looked at my friend, I only saw a person I never wanted to be.

I looked at the time and realized I only had forty-five minutes until I was supposed to meet Flynn at the community college. He had been after me to sit in on his workshop. I had agreed, knowing how much it meant to him.

He was nervous. He spent most of last evening writing notes down on paper and saying them over and over again until he memorized them. He asked me to walk him through a mock workshop. I told him I didn't know anything about art.

He had gotten upset and I had to calm him down and promise him I'd help him. He wasn't expecting to talk much. The students were going to watch him as he made a series of simple sculptures. The art teacher was planning to explain the concepts while he worked.

I didn't see what the big deal was, but this was Flynn we were talking about and his nerves were through the roof.

"Mom and Kevin used to help me with this stuff. They'd walk me through things that made me nervous until I felt comfortable. Mom would write things down. But they're not here," he had said as he rubbed his hands together.

"I can do that, Flynn. I can make sure you feel comfortable. Can you trust me to do that?" I had asked him.

Flynn had stopped rubbing his hands and nodded. "I always trust you, Ellie," he had said and I felt the enormity of that statement again. His trust was a gift and there were moments when I felt ill equipped to handle the significance of it.

I headed back to my bedroom to grab a clean pair of clothes to change into for my shift at JAC's. I planned to go back to Flynn's house after the workshop, so I could get ready there.

The sight of my sculpture collection caught my eye as I opened the drawers. I picked up the miniature pyramid and held it in my palm. It had been a while since I had ordered a new one.

At one time, these tiny pieces of art had been my one source of joy. I enjoyed looking at them and imagining all the places I'd love to go if I could. When I was a little girl, before the system had jaded me, I'd pour over travel books, fantasizing about all the places I would visit when I was older. Julie bought me a world travel guide when I was seven and I had looked at it so much that the pages had become dog-eared and faded.

I lost the book at some point during my numerous moves. But by the time it was gone, those dreams, those fantasies, had disappeared.

I wasn't sure why I had bought the first sculpture. I had been looking online at Shane's house one evening. Everyone was hanging out and I wasn't in the mood to watch the cheesy p**n o with the rest of the group.

I was surfing through random links when I found my way to eBay. The artist's collection was featured on the home page and on a whim I had clicked on it. I saw the small Taj Mahal and the little Parthenon and I impulsively bought one.

Maybe it was the reminder of a time when I had dared to dream of something outside of Wellsburg. Maybe it was just the fact that I was drunk and thought they looked pretty. Who the hell knows? But I ordered the miniature Parthenon and then promptly forgot about it.

Until it showed up in my post office box.

I hadn't been prepared for how happy I'd feel holding the little thing in my hands. It was sort of ridiculous. It was a painted piece of clay for crying out loud.

I had gone home and put it on my dresser. And then when I could afford it, I bought another. Then another. Now I had a collection. I loved the details. The artist was clearly very talented.

I wondered if Flynn had ever seen them before. I decided to bring one of them with me so I could ask him. I picked up the little Eiffel Tower and wrapped it in some tissue before putting it in my bag.

I was just getting ready to leave my apartment when my phone rang. I looked down and saw a name of someone I had rather not talk to but knew ignoring the call wasn't an option.

"Hi Mr. Cox," I said to my probation officer after answering. I tried not to snicker as I said his name. It was a never-ending battle when I spoke with him.

"Hi, Ellie. I'm just calling to remind you of your court hearing tomorrow afternoon. It's at three, but I wanted you to meet me at my office twenty minutes early so we could go over a few things and then walk over together."

I swallowed my groan. I had forgotten about my upcoming hearing. I had followed every mandate set out for me, even if the ornery child inside wanted to stick her tongue out and refuse to comply.

I peed in a cup once a month. I swallowed my irritation at having Mr. Cox (come on, it's funny!) showing up at my job and interrogate me whenever he felt like it. I put in my volunteer hours and never missed a shift.

I knew I had done everything right, but that didn't stop my paranoia from making me doubt myself. Because it seemed like it would be my fate to have everything fall apart just as I felt I was sort of, maybe, getting things together.

"Sure. I'll see you then," I muttered.

"Good. Don't be late," Mr. Cox, said and I could picture his disdainful pursed lips and I could practically feel his superior complex from here.

"I won't, Mr. Cox," I said and this time I did snicker. I couldn't help it.

"I hope not, Miss McCallum. It won't look favorably if you are," he preached and I rolled my eyes.

"Yes, sir!" I snarked.

Mr. Cox never knew how to take my bland sarcasm. I heard him bluster for a few seconds before saying goodbye.

I hung up the phone, trying to ignore the pessimistic sense of doom that had blossomed in wake of my PO's phone call.

I checked the time as I left the apartment and realized I was going to be late for Flynn's workshop. Shit!

I broke several speed limits on my way to the campus. I pulled into the only vacant parking spot and hurried towards the art building.

I peeked into the art studio and saw that the workshop had already begun.

I also noticed that everyone was staring at Flynn. And that he was sitting in his chair, his head bowed, his hands clenched almost violently in front of him.

Crap, crap, crap!

I opened the door and snuck inside. I looked for a seat close to Flynn but they were all taken. I scanned the room and a hand waved at me.

Kara Baker's arm was flailing about, trying to get my attention. I maneuvered my way through students until I passed behind Flynn.

I knew being inconspicuous was out of the question so I simply laid my hand down on his shoulder and bent down towards his ear.

"I'm here, Flynn," I whispered. I quickly dropped my hand and hurried back to the seat beside Kara. Everyone's eyes were on me but I couldn't care less. The only person I cared about was sitting silently at the front of the room, looking like he was about to lose it.

"Hey, you!" Kara said quietly as I sat down. She was obviously letting her hair grow back out and it stood in crazy spikes all over her head.

"Hey," I said back, my eyes still trained on Flynn as I dropped my bag onto the floor.

I watched him take a deep breath and release the death grip he had on his hands. He still wouldn't look up but he slowly picked up the pieces of scrap metal that lay in a heap in front of him.

"This is scrap metal. You can make art with it," he said loudly. The sudden break in the silence seemed to startle most of the room.

I saw several people look at each other and start to whisper. I felt my face start to burn. If they teased him, I'd lose my shit.

"I'm going to make a tree," Flynn said flatly. The art professor hurried to turn on the projector that was aimed at the metal Flynn was twisting and forming with his hands and asked a student to dim the lights.

"Notice the techniques Mr. Hendrick is using. He has perfected the use of assembling. He takes materials and joins them together to create a sculpture. Assembling is a complicated and additive process. It is precise and detailed," the professor droned on as Flynn's fingers moved quickly and with a confidence he hadn't possessed before.

"Do you know him?" Kara whispered. I was mesmerized as I watched Flynn work. I held my breath as he pulled out a soldering iron and started melding the pieces together.

"Yeah," I answered shortly. It had been on the tip of my tongue to deny our relationship. Old habits die hard, I supposed. But I was proud to know Flynn. I wasn't ashamed to admit it.

"I figured. We'd been sitting her for fifteen minutes waiting for him to say something. He freaked out on the professor when he asked him a question. But then you came in and he was honkey dory," Kara observed.

I didn't respond to that. I didn't know her well enough to share anything.

"He's different isn't he? I have a cousin with autism. He sort of acts like that. My cousin is a whiz at math. He can solve these crazy complicated problems in his head. Without paper or a calculator or anything. It's nuts."

She nodded her head toward Flynn as he twisted and molded the metal. I could see the tree it was slowly becoming. Everyone in the room was as enraptured by his talent as I was. They had forgotten about his strange start.

His art erased that.

"He reminds me of my cousin. I mean not as severe or anything. But the mannerisms and stuff. He's pretty amazing though. Look at that tree. I could never do that."

And just like that, this strange girl with her weirdly spiky hair, summarized and accepted the parts of Flynn it had taken me seven years to be okay with. She made me feel small and unbelievably stupid.

Because she was right. Flynn was pretty amazing.

"He's my boyfriend," I found myself saying. I was admitting it. Owning it. Just like Flynn was starting to own me.

"Cool," Kara said, smiling. And I knew she meant it.

"Yeah, it is," I smiled in return before turning back to Flynn. He had finished the tree and placed it on the table. There was a collective murmur of appreciation. The professor picked it up.

"This is fantastic! Look at the details. Look at the complexity!" he was saying. I watched Flynn, who didn't seem to be hearing the enthusiastic praise.

He lifted his head and swept his dark hair out of his face. His eyes flitted around the room until he saw me.

And he grinned. His heart in his eyes.

He was more than amazing.

He was everything.

20

-Ellie-

"Where are you going? Can I come?" Flynn asked me. I had just gotten out of the shower and was getting ready. He had gotten dressed while I was in the bathroom and was standing in the doorway wearing his slightly wrinkled khakis and button down shirt.

I had spent the night with Flynn. There had been no sex involved. We had simply slept together in the same bed.

Flynn had held my hand all night and that had felt better than any sex.

And now I was rushing to get ready so I could head into town to Mr. Cox's office.

"I told you, Flynn. It's just a review hearing. I shouldn't be more than an hour." I started to brush out my hair. It had gotten really long. It was now down past the middle of my back. I had never allowed it reach this length before. Taking care of my appearance had never ranked very high on my list of priorities.

But now, I wanted to look nice. I wanted to look pretty. Because it made me happy to feel good about myself.

Flynn fiddled with the buttons on his sleeves. He was chewing on his bottom lip and I wondered what I had done to distress him.

"What is it, Flynn?" I asked. I was learning that being direct was the best approach to handling Flynn. Sometimes he'd answer me straight away. Other times he'd get angry and there would be some flipping out involved.

But either way it usually gave me the answers I needed.

"I just want to go with you. I don't like it when you leave," he said. Even though his tone was emotionless as ever, it was his eyes that told me everything. And his eyes were unhappy.

I walked across the room and kissed him softly. I wanted to run my fingers through his hair but there were still times when touching him too much was not okay. He would still tense up and pull away and I struggled with an irrational sense of rejection because of it.

While I accepted him and cared about him for who he was, it didn't change the difficulties that were involved with being with someone like Flynn. And I was sure Flynn faced his own difficulties by being with me.

We were a messed up, complicated pair. But somehow, together, we worked.

"I don't like leaving you either. How about you meet me at Ma's Diner at noon. We can get lunch and then you can come with me over to campus for my meeting," I suggested, pulling back before he was able to.

Flynn released his bottom lip but still wouldn't look directly at me. "You're going to apply for college?" he asked, his face brightening a little.

This had been an ongoing discussion. Flynn had latched onto my applying for school like Murphy with his squeaky toy. He was emphatic that I should do it.

That it would make me happy.

Everything always came back to that. What made me happy. And to Flynn that was the most important thing.

I was terrified to commit to something like that. I didn't know if I was ready for that significant of a step.

But the longer I stayed in Wellsburg, the harder it was to pretend I was content with where my life was headed.

I was happy with Flynn. I was happy with taking a few college courses. But both had opened my eyes to what else I could do. What else I could be. And that was a tempting image.

I would never have been able to dream of it without Flynn. He had been to college. He had left Wellsburg. For someone so isolated and disconnected, he had experienced more than I ever had.

My eyes fell to the guitar case propped up against the wall in the corner of Flynn's bedroom. I kept it here because he liked me to play for him. I had purchased a few second hand music books at the consignment shop in town and was attempting to teach myself a few new chords. No matter how horrible I sounded, Flynn always clapped. Even if he was brutally honest and would tell me if I sucked.

That was what being in a healthy relationship was. Cheering someone on even when their efforts blew huge monkey balls.

And that's what he was doing now. He'd tell me if I f**ked up. But he'd encourage me anyway.

"I have a meeting with the head of the Continued Education Planning Department. She's going to help me do some applications online and see where that goes. You know if I'm doing this, you should see if Professor Channing is around. Maybe talk with him about doing some more workshops," I suggested.

Flynn's jaw started to tick and his teeth captured his bottom lip again. I knew my words had him stressed.

Professor Channing, the art teacher who had coordinated Flynn's earlier workshop, had approached him about accepting a part-time teaching position at the school. When I had agreed with the professor, saying it was a good idea, Flynn had gotten almost violently angry. He had thrown things and screamed at me.

And it wasn't until he calmed down and called Kevin, his therapist in Greensboro, that he was able to say he couldn't do it. That he hated people staring at him.

"But they think you're awesome, Flynn!" I had argued. But that didn't matter. He didn't want people staring at him all the time. It made him feel anxious.

But that didn't stop me from delicately pushing the topic whenever I felt it safe to do so. The conversations hadn't gone too well but he was encouraging me to take some pretty huge leaps of faith in my life. I felt it only right to return the favor.

"Maybe," Flynn mumbled and I tilted my head, angling my ear closer.

"What was that? Did I just hear a maybe?" I asked, smiling.

Flynn didn't grin like I would have liked him too. His face remained solemn.

"Yes. I said maybe," he replied, turning away from me. I wanted to jump up and down and clap my hands with glee. Well if I was the jumping up and down and clapping my hands sort of person.

"I can live with a maybe," I said, kissing him again before going back to get ready.

Murphy came padding into the bedroom and nudged my hand with his head. I laughed and scratched behind his ears, feeling happy despite my impending hearing. It was unbelievable how a word like maybe could make me ready to take on anything.

"Not now, boy, I've got somewhere to be. Maybe Flynn will play catch with you while I'm out," I said pointedly. Flynn's head was still hung low but I saw him visibly relax when Murphy decided to turn his attention to his owner. Flynn's entire face would light up when Murphy was around. The connection between the two was awesome to see.

I finished my hair, opting to tie it back in a low, no nonsense ponytail. Experience had taught me that the judge looked on you more favorably if you were dressed nicely.

I could have cringed when I remembered my behavior the first time I had appeared before a judge when I was sixteen. Julie had brought me a nice pair of pants and a pretty pink blouse but I had refused to wear it.

I had been hurting and angry. I didn't understand at the time that my guilt had been disguised as rage. I had been belligerent and rude, so it was no wonder the judge had been harsh in doling out my punishment.

It was a good thing I had learned at least one lesson from that horrible situation.

I smoothed down my black trousers, tucking in my sky blue top. It wasn't a particularly cute outfit. I had picked it up on clearance from JCPennys. But it looked a hell of a lot better than the hoochie shorts and halter top that I had been wearing the first time I had been hauled into court.

"You look pretty, Ellie," Flynn said.

"Thank you, Flynn," I responded, turning around to find him rubbing Murphy.

I picked up my crappy, WalMart special purse and slung it over my shoulder. I crossed the room back to where Flynn was standing, looking adorably miserable.

"Stop looking like that, baby. You don't want to go sit in a stuffy courtroom while a judge scolds me like a two year old," I reasoned.

Flynn started grinning. His eyes sparkled and I couldn't understand what brought on this sudden change in mood.

"What?"

Flynn's eyes met mine timidly. "You called me baby. I liked it."

Oh.

"Can I touch you?" I asked him.

He nodded.

I wrapped my hand around the back of his neck and gently tugged him forward.

"I'm glad you liked it, baby," I said before kissing the smile off his face.

Flynn had become increasingly...enthusiastic when we made out. It was both satisfying and completely frustrating. Because physically I wanted more. I wanted to touch every part of him. I wanted him to touch every part of me.

Here I was, twenty-two years old, dating a guy I was crazy about, and I was stuck on second base.

I don't think that had happened since I was thirteen.

"Will you meet me at lunch time? Eat with me?" I asked once we pulled away from each other. Flynn's face was flushed and I was having a hard time getting my breathing under control.

"I'll meet you at Ma's Diner. At noon. We'll sit in the booth at the back by the window. I'll sit on the right side. You'll want Key Lime Pie," he recited.

I ran my hands down the side of his face before dropping my fingers from his skin. It was almost painful to lose that small physical contact.

"Yep. That's what I want," I agreed.

I waved goodbye and went out to my car.

I pulled up out front of my PO's office building ten minutes later and got out. I hurried inside, knowing I was only minutes away from being late. I checked in with Patty, the receptionist and waited.

I didn't have to sit long before Mr. Cox waved me back to his office. I was surprised to find Julie already there.

"What are you doing here?" I asked, accepting the hug she insisted on giving me.

"You think I'd miss your review hearing? Come on!" Julie grinned. I smiled back, glad that she was there.

"Have a seat, Miss McCallum," Mr. Cox said, clearing his throat and interrupting us. I sat down on the horrible chair with its scratchy upholstery, hoping like hell I'd never have to suffer through that torture again. I hated his sterile office with the beige walls and crappy art on the walls. I went into an instant coma upon entry.

I fidgeted, trying to get more comfortable. Flynn would have blown a gasket had he been forced to sit in them. Julie gave me a warm smile and I forced myself to sit still.

Mr. Cox pulled my file out of his drawer and opened it on his desk. He read through it slowly, like he hadn't already done so a hundred times.

"I'm recommending the termination of your probation," Mr. Cox said after a minute, closing the folder.

I blinked rapidly, not quite sure I heard him correctly. I glanced at Julie who gave me a thumbs up.

"Huh?" I asked, my mouth hanging open like an idiot.

Mr. Cox folded his hands on his desk and leaned forward. For the first time in the year I had known him, he smiled at me. It was more a painful stretching of his thin lips, but I supposed it was meant to be a smile.

"You've met every single one of your probationary goals. You put in your community service hours. Erin Hoffman signed off on them yesterday. She says you were a model volunteer. That you did really well with the animals. Good job," he said gruffly.

I nearly choked. Was that an actual compliment?

"Th-Thanks," I stuttered.

"You've passed all of your mandatory drug tests. Not a one came back dirty." He said this as though he still couldn't quite understand how I had tricked his foolproof system. I could tell he still saw me as a junked out delinquent. It was sad that at one time, not too long ago, he was 100% right about me.

"You've maintained gainful employment and housing. Miss Waterman tells me you're attending the community college. Well done Miss McCallum." Julie was grinning like crazy. I knew this was just as validating for her as it was for me. She had been the only one to believe in me for a long time. Now she was seeing that her faith wasn't unfounded.

I had tried really hard not to get into any more trouble. The last thing I had wanted was to end up back behind bars. I had been there done that, have the scar above my belly button from a shiv to prove it.

But I honestly hadn't allowed myself to think of the possibility that perhaps, just maybe, I could finally put this nasty part of my history behind me. That I could finally leave my stupid choices in the past where they belonged.

Mr. Cox cleared his throat and Julie composed her gleeful face. "I just hope you keep it up. I can say that given your history with the legal system, future judges may not be so lenient. The courts don't look favorably on people who can't seem to learn their lesson," he lectured, as I knew he felt the need to do.

And I let him. Mostly because I was barely listening to him anyway.

Because my probation was about to end!

After a few more minutes of scolding, Mr. Cox finally put on his coat and Julie grabbed her purse and the three of us walked across the street to the courthouse.

I sat down on a chair in the hallway and waited while Julie and Mr. Cox went to talk to the clerk.

"Ells! Hey!" And my good mood deteriorated instantly.

Dania plopped down heavily on the chair beside me. It had been a while since I had seen her and she looked as though she had put on a lot of weight. She was dressed inappropriately as always. Her skirt barely covered her ass and her tiny tee with the words "jailbait" blazoned across her chest, was straining over her belly.

"Is your review hearing today too?" she asked, chewing loudly on a piece of gum.

"Uh yeah. What are you doing here?" I asked, looking at her warily. There was a definite tension between us now. I hated it but at the same time I couldn't do anything about it.

"I came with Stu. His review hearing was today as well," she said. I looked around but didn't see him.

"Oh, so you guys are together now?" I asked.

"I think. I hope so anyway," Dania smiled.

"That's great, I guess," I gave her a small smile in return. I knew this was something she always wanted. I should feel happy for her. But in truth it simply depressed me.

"Is he in the courtroom?" I asked.

"Nope. His ass was taken back to jail," she said dismissively.

"What?"

Dania shrugged. "His last piss test came up dirty and his PO reported it to the judge. He hasn't done any of his service hours either. So the judge threw him back in jail for two weeks."

"And you're okay with that? I mean if you're dating now, shouldn't that bother you?" I asked her, flabbergasted.

Dania shrugged again. "It's only two weeks." And there it was. The biggest gulf between us. I could no longer share her blase attitude about things like right and wrong. I knew better now.

"So what are you still doing here then?" I asked.

"I'm just waiting for Shane to finish up with the clerk. His probation was extended another twelve months but at least he's not in jail," she said, spitting her gum out in a tissue and tucking it underneath the seat.

"Well shit. That makes me a little nervous. It sounds like the judge is a bit of a ball buster." I had been feeling good. Confident. Now I wasn't so sure.

Dania narrowed her eyes, her face suddenly dark and mean. "I don't think you have anything to worry about. Ellie McCallum always lands on her feet, right?"

What the hell?

Before I could ask what her problem was, Shane came over.

"Hey there girl! Long time no see!" He leaned down and gave me a hug and I was relieved he hadn't tried to cop a feel in the middle of the courthouse.

"Dania just told me they extended your probation period. That sucks," I commiserated.

Shane lifted his hands. "What can you do? It's the cost of being such a bad ass," he grinned like an idiot.

Dania smacked him in the stomach. "Or the cost of being a total moron," she said, her voice teasing but her eyes were cold.

"You've got a hearing too?" Shane asked.

"Yep. Let's hope I don't end up next to Stu," I laughed nervously.

Shane chuckled. "I'll bake a file in a cake if you do," he promised, patting my shoulder.

We all laughed awkwardly together.

"You ready to go, D?" Shane asked, clearly ready to get out of there.

Dania looked over at me and shook her head. "I'm gonna wait for Ells. Give her some moral support," she said, giving me what seemed to be a sincere smile

Oh shit. That was the last thing I wanted. Not when I was supposed to meet Flynn afterwards.

"That's okay, Dania. You don't need to do that. I'll call you if anything goes down," I urged, hoping she'd go.

Dania frowned and gave me a piercing look. "No, I'll stay. It'll give us a chance to talk. We haven't done that in a while and we need to figure some things out about the apartment," she said.

Damn it! She was going to be harder to shake than a case of Hepatitis.

Before I could argue further, Mr. Cox and Julie came back and said it was time for me to head to the courtroom.

"I'll wait for you out here. Catch up on my bass fishing," she said picking up a fishing magazine dated ten years ago.

I left Dania and followed my probation officer into the courtroom. Julie grabbed me before we could head inside.

"Good luck, Ellie! You've done so well! I'm proud of you," Julie hugged me hard and I let her. It felt good.

There were quite a few people inside and I sat down with Julie and Mr. Cox near the back.

The judge was running behind so I wasn't called forward for another half an hour. I remembered the judge. It was the same one I had stood in front of as a smart mouthed teenager.

Shit. Shit. Shit.

I was sweating bullets by the time the bailiff called my name.

"Your honor, Miss McCallum has met all of her probationary requirements. She has completed her community service hours and has been described by her supervisor as an asset. She is currently attending Black River Community College and is taking classes. She has passed all of her urine and blood tests and has held down a full time job at JAC's Quick Stop for over two years. It is my recommendation for her probation period to be suspended and charges to be expunged from her record," Mr. Cox reported.

The judge, a small man with a bald patch on top of his head, made a few notes before turning his attention to me.

"Well, it sounds like you've made a complete turnaround from the teenager who stood before me years ago," he said, peering at me over his glasses.

Crap, he did remember me!

"Yes, Your Honor. I'm trying," I said meekly. I folded my hands in front of me and kept my face attentive.

"I just saw two of your friends earlier. They don't seem to be following your path." He was of course talking about Stu and Shane.

The judge clicked his pen a few times while he regarded me. "You are judged by the people you associate with, Miss McCallum. We live in a small town and opinions are formed rather quickly. I know your reputation as I'm sure you do as well," he said, leveling me with a firm look.

"Yes, Your Honor," I choked out.

"Now, Mr. Cox says you are taking classes at the community college. That's good to hear. Because hanging out with the likes of the fellows who were just in my courtroom won't get you far in life. Do you understand what I'm saying to you?" he demanded.

"Yes, Your Honor," I swallowed.

"I will accept Mr. Cox's recommendation and dismiss the charges," the judge said and I thought I would sag to the floor in relief. Mr. Cox nodded at me.

"But Miss McCallum, I sincerely hope I never see you in here again," he said, his words a clear warning.

"You won't, Your Honor," I said. And I meant it. There was no way in hell I wanted to see his sneering disapproval again.

Julie and Mr. Cox filed me out of the courtroom and headed me over to the clerk's window so I could get my paperwork.

I was in a bit of recoil. It was over. What a relief.

It was nice to have one less weight around my neck.

"Congratulations!" Julie exclaimed, grinning from ear to ear. I could only blink back, still in a state of shock.

"You should take what the judge said to heart. You're doing well. Keep it up. Don't let other people bring you down." Julie said, frowning as Dania approached.

"How'd it go?" Dania asked.

"I'd better go. Congratulations again, Ellie. Let's have coffee in the next few weeks," Julie said, her distaste for Dania hidden by a charming smile.

"You still talk to her? Wasn't she your caseworker or something? Hell mine went into early retirement after I left the system. I guess I had been too much for her," Dania sneered.

"Yeah. Well, they're dismissing the original charges and my probation's over," I told her.

Her mouth was smiling but her eyes were flat. "That's great, Ells. We should go celebrate!" she enthused.

The clerk handed me my paperwork and I shook hands with Mr. Cox. "Thank you sir, for everything," I told him and I realized I meant it.

Mr. Cox patted my arm. "Good luck to you, Ellie," he said shortly and then left the courthouse, most likely hoping he'd never have to see me again.

I turned back to Dania who was waiting impatiently with a hand resting on her stomach. "So, you wanna go to Ma's? Get some pie? You can tell me all about why I haven't seen you in weeks and I can tell you how pissed I am at you," Dania said, laughing, though I knew she meant it. She was mad. We walked outside onto the sidewalk while I thought of a way to part ways.

"Uh, actually..." I began and then my world imploded.

"Ellie!" No, no, no!

"Is that Freaky?" Dania giggled, watching as Flynn jogged across the road towards us.

"Uh..." I stuttered. Why was I having such a hard time formulating words?

"Ellie!" Flynn called again. His voice was loud and he was waving his arms as he walked right out into traffic. Horns sounded and Flynn covered his ears.

"Stop it!" he yelled.

"Oh my god! What the f**k is he doing?" Dania was laughing in near hysterics.

Flynn finally got across the road without being run over. He looked a bit shaken and I wanted to hold him. He looked harried and more than a little frantic but then he saw me and the smile was a happy one.

"Ellie!" he called out again but I was frozen in place beside Dania.

"Why is he yelling for you like that? Is he f**king mental? What a retard!" she mocked.

Her harsh words snapped me out of my un-moving trance.

"He's meeting me actually," I told her sharply. Dania wheeled around to look at me, her mouth agape.

"Are you kidding me? You're hanging out with Freaky Fucking Flynn Hendrick? Is this a joke?" she jeered.

I looked down at the girl who had been my best friend for the last ten years. The girl I thought I would stand by no matter what.

We weren't so different, Dania and I. We could both be hateful and nasty. We could both be cruel and vicious. And we could both be vulnerable and insecure.

However, the one big difference between us is that I was ready to leave those painful parts behind me. I had finally realized living my life in an emotional void wasn't how I wanted to be. Unfortunately for Dania, she hadn't yet made that realization. I hoped the birth of her baby would change that. But I wasn't sure anything could snap her out of her selfishness.

I took a step away from her. "No, it's not a joke. Flynn and I are together now," I said, hating that despite my firm resolve, my voice shook. I wanted to be strong and confident not meek and cowed.

Flynn reached my side and smiled at me. "I'm hungry. Are you hungry?" he asked, not even looking at Dania.

"I'm starving," I said, smiling up at him. Dania was looking back and forth between us. I was poised ready to fend off her attack, knowing it was coming.

"Are you kidding me?" Dania asked again, her eyes narrowed.

Flynn looked at Dania and then down to the ground. He started to rub his hands together but then stopped. I was proud of the way he purposefully put them at his side.

"Dania, you remember Flynn?" I asked, putting emphasis on his name. Dania didn't say anything but from the red flush spreading across her neck I knew her anger was about to boil over.

"This is why I haven't seen you? You've been playing babysitter for the f**king retard?" she demanded, her voice loud and shrill. I saw several people look our way.

"I'm not a retard!" Flynn yelled back.

This was going to explode quickly if I didn't shut it down.

"Stop it, Dania. Calling Flynn names is immature and juvenile. Don't you think we've grown beyond high school bullshit?" I asked, trying not to lose my own temper. I had always been able to control it with Dania. As much as I have wanted to tell her what I really think, I had always swallowed my tongue.

Not now. Not when she was trying to tear down the one person I had ever cared about.

Dania drew herself upright. "You stupid, f**king bitch! You're dropping me because you want to feel up the town nut job? Seriously? Did you forget how much you hated him high school? How it was you that made up the name Freaky Flynn? That you were the one..."

"Enough, Dania!" I yelled before she could finish her sentence. I could tell Flynn had gone inside himself.

I put my hand on his shoulder but he threw off my hand. "Don't touch me!" he yelled, stumbling backwards. "Don't touch me ever!" he screamed, turning to run down the sidewalk.

My heart shattered into a thousand tiny pieces as I watched him flee from me.

I whipped back around to stare down the girl I had thought was my friend. "Are you happy now? Did that make you feel good? God, Dania, you are the most selfish, hateful and nasty person I've ever met. I can't believe I've defended you and justified your shitty behavior for as long as I have! Leave me alone! Just leave me the f**k alone!" I hissed into her face, satisfied when I saw her eyes widen and she took a step backwards.

But she quickly collected herself. "You can stand there and act like you're better than me. Just because I'm the one that's knocked up and you're swapping spit with the freak. You think that makes you compassionate or something? Give me a break, Ellie! You say I'm hateful and nasty? What about you? What about the things you've done? It's so easy judging everyone else but you forget that I know you. I've been there for every fight. For every lie. For every house burning to the ground. I've seen it all." Dania shoved me squarely in the chest and I stumbled backwards, catching my foot on a broken brick and almost landing on my ass.

"And I have never judged you, Ells," she spat out once I regained my balance.

"Too bad I can't say the same about my best friend. Well I hope you're happy up there on your high horse. I hear it hurts when you fall from that height," she jeered, pivoting on her heel and storming off.

So much for my new beginning.

So I stood alone on the sidewalk.

Alone.

It was the most familiar thing I knew.

21

Flynn

Many years ago...

I didn't talk to Ellie anymore.

I still saw her every day at school. She didn't turn around to say hi in English. She ignored me when I said I liked her hair. It wasn't colored now. It was yellow. I liked it yellow. It made her look really pretty.

I told her that but she ignored me. It made me mad. I threw my pencil at her and it hit her in the head. She kept it. I yelled at her to give me my pencil back.

Mr. Goodwin made me leave. He said I was distracting the class. I knocked over a trashcan and had to go sit in the principal's office. They called my mom. She was sad.

I told her Ellie wasn't my friend anymore.

She hugged me. I didn't like it when she hugged me.

I liked it when Ellie hugged me.

But she wouldn't hug me now.

She was mean. She called me Freaky Flynn again. And she never gave me my birthday present. She said she got me something special. But she never gave it to me.

I tried to ask her where my present was. She pushed me hard. It hurt. I hit a locker and it made me mad. I yelled at her and called her a bitch. I threw my book bag at her.

She didn't laugh this time. She picked up my book bag and handed it to me.

Her mouth had done that funny thing again.

I walked home alone now. I walked for eighteen minutes. To the red barn. Then to the stream with the four rocks. To the purple mailbox and then to the wooden bridge.

"Flynn," I didn't like people coming out of the trees when I couldn't see them.

"Don't do that!" I yelled.

Ellie handed me a gift.

"It was for your birthday," she said. I took it. I liked gifts.

I opened the paper. It was an Aqua Teen Hunger Force notebook.

"For you to draw in. And you know, because you like that show. Even if it is weird."

She was smiling but I didn't like it.

She had been mean to me today. Now she was giving me a birthday present.

"Are you my friend again?" I asked, folding the wrapping paper into a square and putting it in my pocket.

"No," Ellie said and I didn't understand. She just gave me a present. Friends give each other presents. She gave me a notebook. It was smooth and I liked to rub it with my finger.

"We're not friends, Flynn. I'm sorry about the way I treat you. I'm sorry for being mean. But I'm not going to hang out with you anymore. I won't walk you home. And you can't talk to me in school."

Her words made my stomach hurt.

"You gave me a present," I said, holding the notebook out for her to see.

Ellie frowned. Was she mad?

"I got it for you; I wanted you to have it. That's it, Flynn," she said.

"That's it," I said. Ellie put her hands over her face. Why was she doing that?

What was wrong with her?

"We're not friends, Flynn!" she yelled at me. I covered my ears. She was being really loud. Why was she being so loud?

"Stop it!" I yelled back.

"I'm sorry," Ellie said. Her face was wet. She was crying. Mom had told me that meant someone was sad.

"Why are you sad?" I asked her, pointing to her wet face.

"I'm not sad! Don't be a retard!"

That made me angry.

"I'm not retarded!"

Ellie wiped her face. It was still wet.

"Go home, Flynn. And don't talk to me ever again," Ellie said.

I threw my birthday present in the stream and ran all the way home. I didn't even look at the minutes on my watch.

22

-Ellie-

I went to find Flynn after our run in with Dania. I had been rattled to say the least. I found him at home, playing with Murphy in the yard.

He wouldn't talk to me at first.

I apologized over and over again, not even sure he was hearing me.

"You made up that name? Freaky Flynn?" he asked me finally after I had been near tears.

"Yes," I admitted. It was the one thing I could come clean about.

"I hate that name. It makes me really mad. And you made it up. You told them to call me that." Flynn threw the ball for Murphy, who was oblivious to the tension between the two humans in his life.

"I know you do, Flynn. I'm so sorry."

"That's a mean name. You're a mean person," he said flatly. Unemotionally. No feeling whatsoever. He was telling me the absolute and total truth.

"Yes, I am," I agreed, my chest feeling painfully tight.

"My name isn't Freaky Flynn. It's just Flynn. Flynn Hendrick. I live at 16 Hollow Point Road, Wellsburg, West Virginia 22098. I'm five foot eleven and weigh one hundred and seventy-four pounds. I am not Freaky Flynn!" His voice rose the more upset he became.

Murphy dropped the ball at Flynn's feet and he kicked it across the yard.

"I know you're not Freaky Flynn! I'm so sorry I ever made it up! I was a mean, stupid girl! I was too scared to admit how I felt about you. That's all! But I was wrong! So wrong! I love you Flynn!" I cried out.

Crap! I hadn't meant to say that! Not now. Not like this.

Flynn was shaking his head back and forth. He was pulling at his hair so hard I thought he'd pull out chunks. "No, I'm not Freaky Flynn!" he yelled again.

He hadn't even registered the huge admission I had just made.

I wasn't sure if I was relieved or disappointed.

Murphy started to whine, picking up on his owner's state of mind.

"You're not Freaky Flynn!" I yelled, feeling myself getting worked up as well.

"You always called me names! You always made me feel bad, Ellie! I wanted you to be my friend. I wanted you to like me!" His voice rose and he had started to cry.

I didn't know what to do. I didn't know what to say. I was afraid anything I said or did would only set him off further. I had seen him like this before of course, when we were both much younger.

But then I hadn't cared about calming him down. I had laughed and teased and tormented. I had milked his freak out for everything it was worth.

Not now. Now I just felt helpless.

I was the worst person to talk him off whatever ledge he was hanging over. I knew these outbursts were just a part of who he was. But they scared me.

"I'm not Freaky Flynn!" he screamed over and over again. He was rubbing his hands together. Up and down his arms. He rubbed harshly and systematically over and over again.

I took a deep breath. I needed to get myself under control.

I closed my eyes while he yelled. Murphy was pacing in circles now, clearly distressed.

I slowly, so as to not upset him further, walked toward Murphy. I made a point to keep a healthy distance from Flynn, who was still rubbing his hands together. Murphy was whining and pacing by the apple tree. I leaned down and started rubbing Murphy's head in long, even strokes. "It's okay, boy," I said calmly. The act of rubbing his thick, silky fur relaxed me. Even as Flynn raged behind me.

I kept rubbing the dog, keeping up a steady stream of soothing words. Murphy stopped pacing and settled on the ground, his tail wagging.

"That's it, calm down," I said softly. The words were just as much for me as for the dog. I realized Flynn had quieted down. I looked back and saw that he was still rubbing his hands but he wasn't yelling anymore. He was watching me pet his dog.

"You're a good boy," I crooned to the dog as he nuzzled my hand.

I stayed like that for almost twenty minutes. Petting Murphy and waiting to see what Flynn would do. He continued to rub his hands the whole time.

Finally he came over and knelt down beside me, putting his hand on Murphy's head.

I watched as Flynn visibly relaxed while he rubbed Murphy. I let out a breath that I hadn't realized I was holding.

We were quiet for a long time; the only noise was that of Murphy's panting and thumping tail

"Do you want to sit down?" I asked as I lowered myself onto the ground.

Flynn still didn't answer me but he sat down beside me. We were silent again. My back was getting stiff but I wouldn't move away from him. I wouldn't retreat. I would be here for Flynn. Even if it was just sitting beside him while he rubbed Murphy.

A few moments later, he put his hand down on my leg. The simple touch almost reduced me to tears.

He had forgiven me. Even if he couldn't say the words.

I loved this man. So much. But how many times would our destructive history derail the future we were attempting to build? Was it possible for two people who had hurt each other so badly be happy together?

I hoped so. Because I couldn't imagine my life without Flynn Hendrick.

Somehow, someway, we were going to have to find a way to not only forgive each other, but to forgive our past.

If that was even possible.

After Flynn had settled, he had gone into the house, leaving me outside. I hadn't followed him, figuring he needed his space and the last thing I wanted to do was crowd him.

So I had stayed outside with Murphy for almost an hour. When I went inside the house, I found Flynn asleep in his room. I hadn't disturbed him. But I hadn't left either.

I slept on the couch that night, just wanting to be close to him even if I didn't know how.

The next few days were a bit strained but we eventually fell back into our version of normal. I had rescheduled my meeting with the Continuing Education Coordinator for later in the week. Flynn had gone with me to campus, going off to the art studio while I went over options for the next few years.

I had decided on applying to two schools. One in West Virginia a little over an hour away. The other was my dream school. It had an amazing English department but it was in Maryland. I had never left the state. The thought was terrifying. But I decided to go for it anyway. I had no hopes of getting in but I could at least say I tried.

I was feeling pretty buoyant by the time I was finished. Cathy, the CE Coordinator had been really nice and given me a bunch of brochures to look at.

I found Flynn exactly where I expected him to be. He was bent over a mound of clay in the empty art studio. It was perfectly silent except for the punctuated sounds of his tools as he dropped them on the table before picking up another one.

I wasn't exactly quiet when I entered the room but Flynn didn't look up. I wasn't surprised. He would disappear into whatever he was working on.

I came up behind him and looked over his shoulder and frowned at what I was seeing.

He was molding a miniature Mount Rushmore. I recognized the faces of the presidents as he scrapped and carved into the clay.

"What's that for?" I asked, sitting down beside him on the bench, careful to give him enough space to work.

Flynn still didn't work up. He wiped away some of the excess clay and picked up another glob and mashed it to the creation in his hand. Smoothing and rubbing it into shape.

"I sell these," he said, squinting at the piece of art he was making.

"Really. Just the Mount Rushmores?" I asked him.

He shook his head as he put down the tool in his hand and picked up a small, sharp bladed knife. "I like to make pyramids and Big Bens and The Great Wall of China and Machu Picchu. I find them in books then make them. Then I sell them. My mom helped me set it up. I make a lot of money," he said succinctly.

I started to laugh. I couldn't help it.

Flynn frowned. "Stop laughing at me!" he commanded.

I stifled my giggles, knowing how he was interpreting it.

"I'm not laughing at you, Flynn," I explained.

"You're laughing. I don't like it. Stop it," he said flatly.

"No, I promise. It's just that I buy these," I said, pointing at the Mount Rushmore in his hands.

He finally looked up at me.

"You buy my statues?" he asked, looking back at his tiny creation.

"Yeah. I've been buying them for over a year now. I have a lot of them. They're amazing!" I enthused; a little shocked by yet another strange twist of fate.

The universe had been working overtime in throwing us together.

"And you like them?" he asked shyly, resuming his work.

I watched him as he molded the clay until he was happy with the product.

"I love them, Flynn. They're beautiful. They're all the places I want to go some day. Maybe we could see them together," I suggested softly. This was the first time I had been direct in my wishes for our future together.

Flynn was quiet. Not saying a word. He got up and walked over to the kiln, opening the door and putting the sculpture inside.

He closed the door and walked back to the table.

"I want to go to the beach," he said without preamble.

What?

"You want to go to the beach?" I asked, not sure where this was coming from.

"After my house burned down, my mom and I moved to North Carolina. She took me to see the ocean. I hated it. I hated the sand. I didn't like the way it felt between my toes. She tried to get me into the water but it was too loud," he said.

It was my turn to be confused.

"And you want to go again? It doesn't sound like a very good experience," I commented.

"Have you ever seen the ocean?" he asked me.

"No. I've never left West Virginia," I confessed.

"I want to see the ocean with you, Ellie." He spoke without leaving room for argument.

"But it's loud and the sand gets between your toes," I reasoned. I didn't want him to go somewhere he'd be miserable. I knew Flynn well enough by now to know that if he hated it, it would be horrible for him. I didn't want that...for either of us.

"I want to see the ocean. We're going," he stated, cleaning up his workstation.

"Okay then. When are we going?" I asked him, more than a little amused by the way he was taking control. I wasn't used to this side of him and I kind of liked it.

"It's two days until Saturday. We can stay for two nights," he declared and I nodded.

"In two days then. I suppose we'd better figure out where we're going," I said, helping him put away his sculpting tools.

"In two days we can go to the beach and see the ocean. We'll walk on the sand and I won't cry this time when it gets between my toes," Flynn smiled.

I laughed.

"You're not laughing at me this time," he said, seeming proud of himself for knowing the difference.

"No, I'm not laughing at you. I'm happy. Sometimes you laugh because you feel good," I explained.

"Going to the beach makes you feel good?" he asked.

"Going anywhere with you makes me feel amazing," I said.

23

-Ellie-

We found a hotel on the ocean near Sandbridge Beach, Virginia. It would take us over five hours to get there but Flynn had already started mapping out our journey. He had calculated the mileage and the rest stops along the way.

He planned our vacation completely, down to the colors of the shirts he was going to bring and the types of socks that were the most comfortable for the long car ride.

It was hard to tell if he was looking forward to the trip or not. I was excited. I was beyond ecstatic to be going. I had always dreamed of seeing the ocean. Of digging my toes in sun warmed sand and splashing in the waves. I wasn't sure how much sea and sand Flynn would actually be up for but I was excited all the same.

I was in town loading up on supplies for our trip when I ran into Reggie. I hadn't seen anyone from my old group in weeks. Even when I had my shifts at JAC's no one came in like they normally did. I stopped going by Woolly's and I didn't take the occasional drive down to the river where I knew people liked to hang out.

In truth it was pretty sad that once I had stepped away from my old world, not a single person reached out to see where I had gone.

I had made it a point over the years to keep my friendships superficial. Even with Dania, there was only so much I allowed them to see; only so far I'd let them in. Not that they cared.

And that had worked for me. For a long time I was quite content with my seclusion. But now that I had Flynn in my life I realized how lonely I had truly been. How isolated I had allowed myself to be. I had existed, not lived, and there was a very big difference between the two.

Reggie and I had never been close by any means. She was a hanger on. Someone the rest of us tolerated because of what she could do for us. Her dad was a pharmacist and in high school her proximity to prescription meds had come in handy. The guys liked her because she had big boobs and zero inhibitions. She thought nothing of giving a blowjob or spreading her legs so long as they got her drunk first.

Dania detested her even as she used her for rides whenever she needed them. We would make fun of her behind her back and coyly to her face and then pretend we were only joking. We even gave her the nickname TFB, aka Tits for Brains.

We really were horrible people.

"Hey, Ellie!" she said in that overly exuberant way of hers.

"Hey Reggie, how's it going?" I asked, feeling bad that I was already thinking of ways to conclude this conversation so I could get out of there.

"Ah, you know, a little of this, a little of that. Crazy shit that Stu's back in the clink huh?" she asked, running her fingers through her greasy hair. Her eyes were a little bloodshot and she seemed twitchier than normal. My guess was she had been face first in a pile of meth not too long ago.

"Yeah, sucks for him," I agreed, grabbing a bottle of shampoo and putting it in my basket.

"Shane's having a party tonight. You should come. We haven't seen you in a long time. Dania's being a bitch about it too. Says you're too good for us now that you're screwing the 'tard," Reggie snickered.

I wanted to smack the drugged up grin off her face. Forget feeling bad about the way I treated her. She's just lucky I never put a boot up her ass.

"You wanna watch how you talk about Flynn? I'd hate to make a scene by ripping that ugly shit you call hair out of your head." I gave her a syrupy smile and turned back to my shopping, hoping she'd take a hint.

"Shit, I'm sorry, Ells. I didn't mean anything by it. He's nice. Really. And he's cute too. I mean, I wouldn't want to f**k the dude or anything. Because you know he's a freak and all. But I'm sure he's great." Reggie was rambling and my patience was quickly running out.

"Shut up, Reggie," I said through clenched teeth.

"Yeah, okay. I will. Um, wow, you've got a lot of stuff there. Why all the stuff, Ells?"

Tweakers were so freaking obnoxious.

"Because I'm going away for a few days," I said, hoping she'd leave me alone.

I shouldn't have told her the truth because now she wouldn't shut up.

"You're going somewhere? Where are you going?"

I sighed, feeling a headache coming on.

"Just going to the beach for a few days. Nothing big," I was hoping by being uninformative, she'd let it go.

Today was not my lucky day.

"The beach? That's so cool! I went to the beach once when I was a kid. Dad took us all to the Outer Banks. That's in North Carolina. Have you ever been to North Carolina? It's so pretty! I loved it. The ocean was cold because it was September. But it was so much fun. I made the biggest sand castle"

"Okay, thanks for the info, Reggie," I interrupted her. She was twitchy and rambling and if I let her, she'd go on forever.

"Sure, no problem. So you're not going to come the party?" she asked, scratching at a spot on the side of her nose.

"Nope, Reg. I'm not. Hope you guys have fun though," I said, not at all sincerely.

"Oh we will. You know we will. You should have been to the party two nights ago! It was crazy! Dania and Shane almost got arrested! I did so much coke I thought my head would explode. But it was so cool"

"Wait, Dania almost got arrested? What happened?" I cut her off with a sinking feeling in my stomach.

Reggie laughed loudly. A few people looked over in our direction and I saw on their faces exactly what they were thinking.

What a bunch of losers.

I couldn't believe I was ever okay with being lumped in with them like that. I honestly had always thought that I was just as bad if not worse than the people I associated with. How could I have never wanted more for myself than that?

"She was wasted. I mean waaasted," she drawled out.

"And?" I prompted, trying to keep an easily distracted Reggie on track.

"And she and Shane wanted more beer. So they broke into JAC's and got us a few cases. Of course the alarm went off. They almost got caught but they didn't. It was epic, Ells!"

I hadn't heard about a break in at JAC's. But I had started cutting back some on my hours trying to focus more on school. I hadn't had a shift since the beginning of the week. Still, I had thought I would have heard about something like that.

And what was Dania even thinking? She had been wasted. What else was new? But it wasn't like her to be that reckless. That had always been my thing, not hers.

"How wasted was she, Reg?" I asked.

Reggie giggled. "I don't think I've ever seen her that bad. Some guy from Dale County was there and he had some kick ass shit he was selling. It was grade A stuff, Ells. He seemed to like Dania. They were hooking up for a while."

"What kind of shit was he selling?" I asked.

"You know meth, weed, pills. The usual. Dania and I split a bump of crank which was killer!"

So now, aside from drinking herself stupid, she could tick hardcore drug usage while six months pregnant off the list. She smoked pot, still smoked half a pack of cigarettes a day and drank like a fish, but I hadn't seen Dania touch drugs in over a year.

"I can't believe her!" I growled, throwing the rest of the items I needed into the basket and storming down the aisle towards the cash register.

Reggie hurried after me. "It was fun, Ellie! What's the big deal?"

I turned on my former friend and unleashed the temper I was known for. I couldn't help it. I f**king lost it.

"Because she's pregnant you f**king moron! She has a baby inside in her stomach!" I pointed at Reggie's stomach for emphasis.

Reggie wasn't smiling and laughing now. She knew the look on my face all too well and was already backing away in retreat.

"She says the baby's fine," Reggie excused and I thought a moment about throwing the bottle of shampoo I was putting on the counter at her dim head.

"Did you not pay attention at all in health class? Drugs will mess you up. They will cause that baby in her belly to have a goddamned arm in the middle of its forehead! Wake up, Reggie! Stop being the stupid slut everyone says you are! Grow a brain!" I seethed.

Reggie frowned and for a minute I felt almost bad. I shouldn't be yelling at Reggie. She wasn't the one forcing Dania to make such stupid decisions. She wasn't the one I was really angry with.

"Dania was right. You have become a bitch," Reggie spat out and rushed out of the store.

I let out a huge sigh and turned back to the cashier who was now regarding me with wide eyes. She didn't look a day over sixteen and clearly my outburst had freaked her out.

She quickly rang up my items and practically shoved the bag into my hands. I paid her and tried giving her a reassuring smile. She didn't return it.

"Thanks," I said when she handed me the receipt.

She still didn't say anything and looked like she would pass out with relief when I moved away from the register.

I pulled out my phone and looked down at the time. I had told Flynn I'd be a few hours. Three at the most. He informed me that was one hundred and eighty minutes.

I needed to head over to my apartment and pack a few things but there was something else that I felt I needed to do as well. There was someone that currently needed me whether she realized it or not.

And I couldn't abandon her. No matter how self-destructive and nasty she could be.

I dialed the familiar number and held my ringing phone to my ear. I wondered whether Dania would bother to answer it when she saw my number.

I was surprised when she picked up after the fourth ring.

"What do you want?" she snarled into the phone. She sounded rough and I recognized the sound of her hangover voice. She was obviously coming down from a bender.

"I want to talk to you. I don't like leaving things like this." I said.

"Why? You've got better things to do now that you're f**king the freak. Why don't you go off and have your little freak babies and leave the rest of us to our loser lives," she bit out.

I wanted to reach through the phone and strangle her.

"You know what, fine. I just thought that our friendship was worth more than that. But clearly, I'm the only one that feels that way," I snapped.

"That's so like you, Ellie. Always putting it on everyone else. Of course it's my fault! Everything is always my fault!" Dania's voice rose the more upset she became.

I took a deep breath in through my nose and out through my mouth. Who thought those stupid breathing techniques I had learned in therapy all those years ago would finally come in handy.

"Look. Just come over to my apartment. I have some shit to do there and I'd like to see you. I think we both have things that need to be said," I said, trying to be as placating and reasonable as possible.

Dania snorted and I heard her covering the phone and the sound of muffled murmurs. Then she was back.

"Fine. Craig said he could drop me off there in a few," she said and hung up.

It hadn't taken her long to move on from Stu.

I rolled my eyes heavenward, knowing that this was most likely going to be just as horrible as I imagined.

My apartment was a mess but I didn't have the time or patience to give it the proper clean it needed. I straightened the thin pillows on the couch and washed a few of the dishes that were piled up in the sink.

I went into my bedroom and located the one suitcase I owned at the back of my closet. Julie had gotten it for me when I was a kid. She had wanted me to have something that was mine that I could take with me to a new foster home. At the time I thought it was so pretty. It used to be bright pink with purple polka dots. I remembered the handle had been curved and covered it sparkles. To a seven-year-old girl, it was the coolest thing ever.

Nowadays it was a sad reminder of a horrible childhood. The purple polka dots were long since faded. They were an off colored beige standing out against a barely pink background. The side had split open years ago and I had to staple it shut. The handle had split and I had fixed it with duct tape.

It was used and beat up but it would work. If I planned to go away to school, I'd have to invest in some new luggage. The thought was equal parts exciting and terrifying.

I pulled out some panties and socks and shoved them into the suitcase. I slammed the drawer closed, knocking over several of the tiny sculptures sitting on top. I set them upright and smiled.

Flynn had made these. I had unknowingly been cherishing small pieces of him all this time and hadn't realized it. It was beautiful and perfect and reaffirmed my belief that being with him was right.

I heard my front door open and close with an angry bang.

Dania was here.

Let the drama begin.

"Ellie!" she yelled at the top of her lungs.

I took a deep breath; I was doing that a lot lately, and composed myself so I could deal with her without ripping her hair out.

"Back here!" I called back.

I could hear Dania's furious stomps as she headed back to my bedroom. A few seconds later, she was filling the doorway with her expanding girth. She looked tired and haggard. Her normally healthy, shiny hair was dull and lifeless. She had dark circles under her eyes and her skin was ashen.

"Hey," I said, trying for a small smile.

Dania didn't return it. She looked unhappy and close to homicidal, as I had ever seen her.

"Well, you wanted me here. Here I am. What the f**k do you want to say?" She was instantly combative. I had known she'd be like that. I had prepared for it. I was an old hat at dealing with her myriad of moods and temper tantrums. But I realized my patience for her endless nastiness had disappeared. I had asked her over hoping to clear the air between us. Seeing her aggressive defensiveness I knew that wouldn't happen.

This would go either of two ways. I would either have to roll over and show her my belly. Tell her I was wrong and grovel for her forgiveness. Or I could stand firm and watch as a ten year old friendship crumpled for good.

And I wasn't in the mood for groveling.

"You can come in you know," I replied breezily.

Dania eyed me warily but took a step into my room. She looked at my suitcase on the bed and the clothes I was putting in it.

"Going somewhere?" she asked.

"Yeah, going to the beach for a few days," I said, watching her out of the corner of my eye as she sat down on the edge of my bed, shoving my suitcase to make room.

"With the freak?" she spat out.

"With Flynn, yes," I answered coldly.

"I can't believe you'd actually spend time with that waste. What's wrong with you?" she sneered.

I grabbed a handful of shirts and crossed over to the bed where she was sitting and placed them in my suitcase. Dania grabbed one of my nicer sweaters and curled her lip.

"What's the point of looking nice? It's not like he's smart enough to realize the effort," Dania said nastily.

I yanked the sweater away from her and folded it back up.

"Okay, let's do this, Dania. You're pissed. You think I've betrayed you or something. Which is stupid. So what, I'm dating Flynn! What does that have to do with you?" I demanded.

Dania glared at me. "It's has to do with me because I was the one that went to visit you every single day at the gross juvenile detention facility, where you were because of that f**king freak! It's my goddamned business because we were making plans! You said you'd help me out and get an apartment with me, but I'm guessing that's off the table now that you're with Flynn." She said his name like a dirty word.

"And you have betrayed me, Ellie! Because you didn't tell me anything! You didn't tell me what was going on! I thought we were friends. Best friends. And you kept something huge from me! That's f**ked up and wrong!"

Dania was getting worked up. Her neck and chest was splotched red and she was breathing rapidly.

But I was pissed too.

"First of all, I was sent to juvie because of what I did. Because of what we did!" I waved my finger between us.

"It had nothing to do with Flynn. I made my choices."

"But you said" Dania started arguing.

I instantly interrupted her.

"I know what I said. I know what I've always said. But it's wrong. I was wrong. Don't you get that? I f**ked up. I paid the price. And I have to live with what I did to him the rest of my life! Did you know his dog was inside? We killed his f**king dog, Dania!"

Dania snorted. "So? It's just a f**king dog. It's not like people died or anything. And I've heard he's fixed the place up and it looks better than it ever did. So I don't see what you're freaking the f**k out about? It looks like he got a better end of the stick than you did, that's for sure. So pardon me if I don't get why you'd want to hang out with him. You hated him! Don't pretend you didn't," she challenged.

Her lack of remorse, her total insensitivity wasn't surprising. I had expected it. We were two sides of the same coin really. When I looked at Dania, when I heard her speak, it was like seeing and looking at the Ellie McCallum I had always been.

I shook my head and turned back to my dresser, pulling out the two other pairs of jeans I owned and folded them neatly.

"I'm with Flynn. I love him, Dania. So either you accept that or you don't. But I'm not going to stop being with him because you don't like him. Because you're stuck in some pathetic time warp where you feel you still need to bully him to make yourself feel better. Grow up, Dania. I'm trying to," I threw at her.

Dania clenched her hands into fists.

"You self-righteous, condescending bitch!" she growled. "Since when did you become better than everyone else? Since when did you become so high and mighty that you think you can look down on the rest of us? I don't know who the hell you think you are"

"I'm the person who's trying to get her ass out of Wellsburg and have a f**king life!" I yelled.

Dania recoiled like I had slapped her.

"So, we aren't good enough for you anymore. I get it. So I'm not sure we have anything else to say to each other. You've made yourself pretty f**king clear," Dania said, her voice frigid. She got to her feet and looked around my room, her voice curling in disgust.

"And you're just a piece of shit like the rest of us. No matter how much you try to clean up," she derided.

"I'm going to college, Dania. You could go to. Take some classes. You're smart. You could make something of yourself," I protested, trying one last time to salvage a friendship that had gotten me through some of the worst times of my life.

Dania laughed bitterly. "Unlike you, I'm just fine with how things are. I don't need to go out there pretending to be something I'm not. I'll leave that to you," she scoffed.

"You're fine with drinking yourself unconscious every night? You're okay with taking drugs and potentially f**king up that baby you're carrying worse than your parents f**ked you up? You're going to be a mother, Dania. Start acting like it!" I shouted.

Dania's face turned a scary molten color. She advanced toward me, her chest heaving up and down. She looked murderous.

"Don't you f**king dare tell me how to be a mother! What the hell do you know about it? I'm sick and tired of your sanctimonious bullshit!" she screamed. She reached out and swiped everything off the top of my dresser.

"You stupid, judgmental bitch!" she shrieked as she ran over to my bed and turned over my suitcase. Everything upended on the floor.

"Stop it, Dania!" I yelled, trying to grab ahold of her.

"Oh, I'll stop it all right. This friendship is done! I never want to see you again! Don't call! Don't stop by! Don't even f**king think about me! I can do this on my own! I've never needed you, Ells," she screamed.

"You were just the sad, pathetic kid I took pity on. I stopped Mr. Flanders from messing with you because I didn't want to see you sniveling and crying. It was f**king annoying. Do you honestly think I ever even liked you? Fuck no! We all have always laughed about you behind your back. Shane used to call you the fish f**k! We all cracked up over that one. He'd tell us how you'd just lay there while he screwed you. That you were about as hot as dead fish. And then you'd cry because he didn't call you. You sad, pathetic bitch! And then there was that guy Aaron our junior year that you panted after. Yeah he screwed you. But what you didn't know was that I f**ked him right afterwards. And do you know what he told me? That you sucked. That I was so much better than you were. That you wouldn't know how to f**k a dildo! Every guy you've ever wanted, wanted me more! Just remember that. And your friends were only hanging out with you because I told them to. No one likes you, Ellie. They never have."

I didn't know what to say. She was unleashing ten years of venom that I had never guessed that she felt. Sure, I knew she was selfish and self-centered. But I had truly believed on some level, she had cared about me.

But what I was hearing spewing out of her mouth was bitter, hateful jealousy. She needed people to like her, to want her, more than they liked or wanted me. That in her head, for all of these years, we had been engaged in some sort of competition that I hadn't been aware of.

I thought I had kept myself cut off from feeling anything deeply for her or our friendship. That it had been a relationship born out of necessity rather than choice. Somehow I had convinced myself that I had never become overly attached to Dania.

That was such a lie.

Because her hate filled tirade cut me to the quick. It hurt. A lot.

"So it makes sense that you'd end up with a guy like the 'tard. No one else wants you! So go f**k the freak. You take up too much of my air anyway!" Dania flipped her hair over her shoulder and stomped out of my room.

I stood there, unable to respond. Unable to yell back at her.

Then my front door was slamming shut behind her. And just like that, our friendship was over.

I turned back to my dresser and saw the mess she had made of my things. I dropped to my knees and picked up one of my sculptures. The tiny Big Ben was broken in half. I rummaged through the wreckage. Every single one was irreparably broken.

I supposed it was only fitting Dania would destroy them.

She had obviously wanted nothing more than to destroy me all this time.

But it would take more than her hateful words to bring me down.

Because I had something to fight for now.

I ran my finger over the tiny piece of art that Flynn had created.

I had Flynn. And I had my future.

And that was something Dania could never take from me.

24

-Ellie-

Flynn was going over the list he had made for the hundredth time. We were planning to be on the road by eleven. It was now ten thirty. Flynn had calculated our time down to the second.

He carefully picked through his suitcase, counting his shirts and pants. Then he counted his socks and boxer shorts.

This trip was much more difficult for him than I thought it would be. I should have known better of course. Flynn didn't do well with change in routine. He had his days structured just so.

And even though he was the one who suggested going away, I should have realized that it would require a lot of planning and fore thought on his part so he wouldn't get upset.

I had already witnessed one such freak out when I had accidentally gotten him the wrong kind of toothpaste. He used Colgate Whitening religiously. When he said he needed some more for our trip, I offered to pick it up. He told me at least four times the brand he needed.

But Reggie and her ramblings had distracted me and I had picked up Colgate Tartar Control instead.

It had resulted in a level ten melt down.

"I use Colgate Whitening. Only Colgate Whitening. I like the taste. This stuff is horrible. I won't use it!" He was talking rapidly and I could barely keep up with him.

Then he threw the toothpaste across the room. I tried to talk to him. To tell him I'd go back and get him the right kind. But he hadn't been listening. He had told me to leave him alone.

I wanted to argue with him. I wanted to scream at him to snap out of it. That it was only toothpaste!

But I knew it was useless. He had started rubbing his hands and pacing. He was way passed reasonable.

So I told him I'd be down stairs and then I had left the bedroom, closing the door and waited for him in the living room. I heard thumping above me but I stayed put. Murphy had jumped up on the couch beside me and rested his head in my lap. He was becoming used to Flynn's fits. And while I had learned how best to deal with them, even if it was contrary to everything I wanted to do, I could admit I wasn't entirely sure I would ever get used to them.

Because his fits bothered me. They both scared me and made me angry. When he started yelling I wanted to yell back. I wanted to scream at him to stop it.

And then a part of me wanted to run away and never look back. The selfish side of me thought it was too much trouble. That Flynn was just too much for a girl like me to handle. A girl with limited coping skills of her own who was only now learning how to do something other than make shitty choices.

But then I would remember how many times I had been made to feel like I wasn't worth the effort. Every time I was packed up and shipped off to a new foster home I knew it was because no one could deal with me. That these people I thought could love me, in reality didn't care enough to put forth the effort.

I wouldn't do that to Flynn. Because he was most definitely worth it. He was worth everything.

Because Flynn Hendrick had taught me how to feel. He had taught me how to live.

He had taught me how to love.

When Flynn had quieted down, I had walked back up the stairs and slowly opened the door to find Flynn sitting on his bed.

He wouldn't look at me.

"I'm sorry," he muttered.

"It's okay," I said. I went over to him and pulled out the list he had made.

"Let's go over this again, all right, and then I'll go and get some new toothpaste," I told him brightly.

It took a long time for Flynn to look at me again. I could tell he was embarrassed. He always felt bad after a meltdown. But I refused to let him feel that way. He shouldn't feel bad for being who he was.

So I carried on, not allowing either of us to dwell on it.

"Six shirts. Twelve pairs of socks..."Flynn mumbled under his breath.

"We're only going away for two nights, Flynn. That's a lot of clothes to bring," I said.

Flynn shook his head. "No, I need twelve pairs of socks. Six Shirts. Six pairs of pants. Twelve boxer shorts. I need to bring my toothbrush, toothpaste, shampoo, nail clippers, and deodorant." He went through his list mechanically. I let him recite the things he felt he needed several more times before he finally closed up the case and lifted the handle.

"It's ten forty-five. We need to leave in fifteen minutes. I have to get Murphy's dog food and toys. He likes the squeaky cheeseburger," Flynn went on. We had been lucky to find a hotel that allowed pets because Flynn refused to put Murphy in a kennel.

"I've already gotten everything together. His food, his bowls, and his favorite toys. His blanket is already on the back seat of the car," I told him. Of course Flynn still went through the bag of dog supplies five times before he was satisfied we hadn't forgotten anything.

We went through the house, making sure lights were turned off, and windows were locked. Ten minutes later we were dragging our suitcases out to the car.

Flynn had a system of stacking the suitcases that was more akin to Tetris. So I left him to it. I put Murphy in the car and got him situated on the back seat.

"You ready to go to the beach?" I asked the dog, kissing the top of his head. He licked my cheek and I laughed.

Flynn got into the driver's side and pulled out a sheet of paper, placing it on the center console. Sandbridge Beach is three hundred and forty-three miles away. It will take us five hours and fifteen minutes," Flynn said.

"Depending on traffic," I interjected.

Flynn frowned but otherwise ignored my comment.

"We will stop in one hour and fifty-one minutes in Lexington, Virginia to get something to eat," Flynn continued.

"Okay, sounds good. Let's do this!" I clapped my hands together and Flynn finally smiled.

"Okay. Let's go," he said and started driving down the hill toward the road. Flynn loved to drive. He was a horrible passenger so it was easier letting him behind the wheel. Sure, he drove like he was a seventy year old granddad, but it was a small price to pay to see his smile.

He would listen to his music over and over again. Even though it drove me a little nuts listening to The Cure on repeat, he enjoyed it so I never said anything. It kept him calm. So I'd suck up my Cure aversion and deal with it.

Murphy laid happily on the back seat as Flynn navigated us through town and toward the highway. He had planned our route down to the smallest detail. He knew exactly how many miles until we hit different points on our journey. He also gave me an expected weather report for Sandbridge Beach. Apparently it was going to be sunny in in the low fifties both days. Not exactly suitable beach weather, but nothing could dampen my excitement.

"We're going to the beach," Flynn said happily after he had gotten onto the highway, albeit slowly. I had never seen him drive on the interstate before and I was more than a little worried at how he would handle the chaotic drivers and loud tractor-trailers. But he handled it better than I did. By this point I would have flipped off the driver behind me and yelled obscenities at the biker who had screamed passed us.

I grinned. "We're going to the beach," I repeated, hardly able to believe it.

We passed the time alternating between comfortable silence and random conversation. We discussed the many alternating story lines on Aqua Teen Hunger Force, which he still watched obsessively, until we drove into Virginia.

My stomach did a backflip. My entire life had been spent within the boundaries of West Virginia. I had only traveled outside the Wellsburg city limits when I had been taken to Mt. Hope after being remanded to the juvenile detention facility there.

I held my breath until we drove passed the Welcome to Virginia sign as though any moment I'd wake up and this would all have been a dream. I was terrified that I'd find myself shivering under my thin blankets in my crappy apartment. Flynn, the beach, college, everything, would be an elaborate fantasy created in my delusional subconscious.

"Why are you making that noise?" Flynn asked me, interrupting my mildly insane thoughts.

I laughed. "I wasn't aware I was making a noise," I said.

"Yeah, it sounds like humming."

I looked out the window as cars and trees and farms flashed in and out of view. Virginia didn't look a whole lot different than West Virginia so far. Which was both comforting and disappointing.

"I guess I do that sometimes," I answered.

"You used to do that in English class. I hated it," Flynn informed me.

If anyone else had said something like that to me, I would have been insulted. I would have gotten angry. I would have made sure that they regretted saying anything at all.

But Flynn didn't mean to be rude. He didn't think twice before voicing a thought after it entered his head. He had absolutely no filter. He didn't know how to. It was exhilarating to be around someone who had no trouble saying what everyone else thought but was too scared to say.

"I won't do it then," I said.

"I don't mind you doing it now. It doesn't bother me. It bothered me then. But you weren't very nice a lot of the time," Flynn responded. I looked over at him, sitting rigid in his seat, his hands curled tightly around the steering wheel, his eyes trained on the road ahead of him.

I sighed. "No I wasn't. I was pretty awful," I agreed.

"Why were you like that? You were my friend. You would come to my house and watch television and eat my mom's banana bread. You said you liked me. Then you would call me names at school. You let your friends hit me. You watched them when they pushed me in the stream. It sucked." His voice was deceptively flat. I knew that those particular memories had to make him angry.

Hell, they made me angry. Angry with the person I had been and the things I had done and allowed to be done to him.

"I was an ignorant, selfish, and shallow person, Flynn. I hated myself so much that I didn't know how to be kind to anyone," I found myself saying, not sure he could understand the truth I had just revealed.

Flynn gnawed on his bottom lip. "You weren't stupid. You were really smart. And you were nice sometimes," he said as though trying to make me feel better, though I knew in reality he was only stating the facts as he saw them.

"I was mean to you a lot. I'm more sorry than you could ever know. You didn't deserve that," I said. I thought about the ways I had hurt him that he wasn't even aware of. The heaviness of the truth weighed down on my shoulders and I knew I should tell him what I had done. The guilt threatened to eat me alive.

But I couldn't. Not now. I was terrified he'd tell me to leave. That he'd never talk to me again. But I was just as terrified that he'd forgive me as he had done so many times before.

I wasn't sure I could stomach that. I knew I hadn't earned his forgiveness and I didn't think I ever would.

Murphy poked his head up between the seats and sniffed my face. I scratched the back of his head. "I bought another Aqua Teen Hunger Force notebook. I still have it. It has a bunch of my drawings in it. It's my favorite one. Maybe I could show it to you when we get back," Flynn commented.

It took me several minutes to understand why he was telling me this. What was so significant about an Aqua Teen Hunger Force notebook?

Then I remembered.

I had gotten him an Aqua Teen Hunger Force notebook for his birthday. I didn't have a whole lot of my own money back then. I had stolen money from my foster mom's purse to buy it. She had slapped me in the face for that later and I remember having to wear heavy makeup to cover the bruise. But it had been worth it. I had been able to buy Flynn something for his birthday that I was certain he'd love.

And then I had given it to him. After that I had told him I wouldn't be his friend anymore.

I had always been my own worse enemy. I could never let myself be happy. So I wrecked the only thing that I had ever felt excited about. Flynn and his friendship and watching him draw.

He had thrown the notebook I had taken a beating for into the stream and then he had run away. What he didn't know was I had fished it out of the stream and taken it home, laying it across the radiator to dry.

After that I used it as a journal. It was the only thing I took with me to juvie.

I looked over at Flynn and knew how badly I had hurt him. I had hated myself for the way I treated him, even then. I had destroyed our friendship for what?

Because I didn't want to admit how much I cared for the school freak?

Because I couldn't trust my emotions around him? Because being numb was easier than feeling anything at all. Feelings brought pain and I had had enough pain for one lifetime.

Or was it because I was young and stupid and destined to push everyone away?

Every reason sucked because it had been a coward's way out.

That had been a turning point for me. And not in a positive way. I had walked home from stomping on Flynn's heart with a new layer of ice encasing me. I had hardened myself. Shut off and shut down. And that's the way I had stayed until a few months ago when Flynn walked into JAC's and back into my life.

And he had gotten another Aqua Teen Hunger Force notebook. I knew exactly what he was trying to tell me by revealing that.

Flynn couldn't tell me he loved me. He couldn't put into words the way he felt. But saying things like that told me everything I needed to know. That he cared about me. That he valued me. He valued us.

"I'd love to see it," I said, my voice catching.

We were quiet for a long time after that, listening to the endless loop of The Cure's Wish album. The two of us lost in memories that were too painful to share.

"Are you hungry?" Flynn asked a little while later. I noticed we were getting close to our first stop and Murphy was beginning to get antsy in the back seat.

"I could eat," I said just as my stomach growled.

Flynn gave me a shy and gentle smile. "That was funny," he said, his eyes twinkling.

We laughed together. Mine low and raspy. Flynn's stilted and harsh. Sounds that didn't seem to fit but somehow merged in a perfect fluidity.

Flynn pulled into the rest stop. It was relatively empty. I got out of the car and retrieved Murphy's leash from the glove compartment. Flynn popped the trunk and pulled out a small cooler he had packed before we left.

We walked over to a picnic table situated in the middle of a small clump of trees. It was chilly and brusque but the air was refreshing.

"I'll walk Murphy, you set out lunch," I suggested. Flynn nodded and I wandered away with his dog, letting him do his business.

When Murphy was finished I walked back over to the table to find a sandwich, a bag of chips and a soda. I tied Murphy up to the leg of the bench and sat down.

"Thanks," I said, picking up my sandwich and taking a bite. It was turkey and bacon, my favorite.

"You remembered," I said.

"I remember everything about you. Even the stuff I wish I could forget," he said simply and that popped my happy bubble with the weight of an age-old guilt. This time his honesty only served to remind me of the thousand ways I had failed him.

We sat in silence while we ate. When we were finished, Flynn made sure he collected every piece of trash and disposed of it. There was no time to sit and relax; it was back to the car. Flynn's allotted time for lunch was over and we needed to get back on the road.

"How long do you plan to stay in Wellsburg?" I asked Flynn a little while later when I couldn't handle the sounds of The Cure any longer.

"It's my home. I hadn't planned on leaving," Flynn said, surprising me.

"You want to stay there? Why? Wellsburg sucks! There has to be a million other places you'd rather be!" I was horrified by his answer. Now that I was making tangible plans for the future, my biggest goal was to get away from my hometown before it sucked me dry.

With Flynn's encouragement, I had started to dream about going to school. Of building a life far, far away.

But how could I do that if Flynn stayed? How could I leave him now that we had found each other again?

And more importantly how could I entertain the idea of a forever with this man if our goals and dreams took us in totally different directions?

"But what if I leave?" I asked quietly, hating how sad and vulnerable I sounded but knowing he'd never make me feel bad about it. He'd never use it against me.

"Then you'd leave. And I'd be there when you felt like coming back," Flynn said flatly. Reading him was difficult at the best of times and especially now when I wanted so desperately to understand what he was thinking.

I tried not to get angry by his blase attitude. I fought the bitterness that pushed me to lash out. How could he be so comfortable with the idea of us being apart? How could he let me leave with no thought of fighting?

Because Flynn wasn't the type to fight. Not in the way I'd expect him to.

But that's not to say he wouldn't fight for me in the only way he could. With support and quiet understanding and complete and total reassurance.

I just couldn't help but feel like there was an expiration date on our relationship and that made me furious.

"That's it?" I asked a little louder than was warranted for the close quarters.

"What do you mean? I don't understand?" Flynn asked, sounding confused.

"So you're okay with me leaving? For me to live my life without you?" I demanded.

Flynn gripped the steering wheel tightly. I saw him start to work on his bottom lip with his teeth.

"No. I don't want you to leave me. But you hate Wellsburg. You want to go to college. I've already been to college. I can't go with you. That should make you happy. Not angry. Why are you angry?" He was trying to work out why I was so upset. And in turn, I was upsetting him.

"I'm angry because I want you to come with me! I want you to be there if I decide to do this! I don't want to leave you behind, Flynn!"

Flynn didn't say anything in response to my outburst. The silence stretched between us. I had hoped he'd see how much I cared about him. How much I wanted to share my life with him. How I had planned for a future that included him in every possible way.

It seemed I had only succeeded in freaking him out. He was rubbing his hands on the steering wheel. He was gnawing on his lip to the point he was drawing blood.

"Flynn" I began but he cut me off.

"Don't say anything, Ellie. Just leave me alone," he snapped.

Well just great! So much for the perfect getaway. My inability to censor myself had always gotten me into trouble.

Some things never change.

Flynn was quiet for almost forty-five minutes. We had just merged onto the I-64 outside of Lexington when he finally spoke.

"We'll stop at the next rest area. Murphy needs to go to the bathroom," he said, as though we hadn't just spent the last hour in complete silence.

"Flynn...I really think we should" I started but once again I was cut off.

"I'm hungry too. I brought some chips and fruit. We can eat some when we get there."

Okay.

Obviously talking about our future wasn't going to happen. I was frustrated. Aside from the possible physical distance between us, how would we ever be able to survive if we couldn't communicate? If every time I brought something up that Flynn found to be unpleasant, he'd shut me down?

I was definitely not a talker. I tended to bottle shit up as much as the next messed up person. But I also knew that you had to talk about stuff. As hard as it was. And even though I had spent most of my life doing the exact opposite, I was now ready to try to do things the right way.

Murphy started to whimper in the backseat. I knew he was most likely picking up on the tension in the car. Hell, I'd start whimpering if I didn't get out of there.

Flynn turned up the volume on the radio and I wanted to bang my head against the dashboard. Whiny singing was not the way to sooth my jangled nerves.

Finally we pulled into the rest stop and I practically jumped out of the car. I needed some space before I said something I'd regret. I didn't handle rejection and hurt feelings well. The urge to hurt him as he had just unknowingly hurt me was overwhelming.

"Don't you want to eat?" Flynn called out as I walked toward the restrooms.

"No! I just need a minute!" I said, not looking at him.

I went into the bathroom, barely noticing the disgusting smell, and splashed some water on my face and looked at my reflection in the mirror.

What was wrong with me?

I knew better than to put unrealistic expectations on Flynn. He would never be able to live up to them. But I had hoped when we started this thing between us that there would be an us at the end of it all.

I had been counting on it.

And now I was beginning to realize that was something I may not be able to rely on.

It was like waking up on Christmas morning to find out that Santa hadn't been there and was actually just your parents who had been too drunk to remember to buy you any presents (my childhood didn't lend itself to any positive metaphors). It was soul shattering.

I took several deep breaths and tried to calm myself down.

This wasn't Flynn's fault. He couldn't help who he was. He was settled and comfortable. I couldn't expect him to uproot and follow me wherever I ended up. He needed consistency and normalcy.

He needed roots.

And I was the last person in the world to give them to him.

How did you reconcile yourself with the knowledge that your life and the life of the man you loved were never going to follow the same path?

I patted my face dry with a paper towel. I needed to focus on this weekend and being with Flynn. I had to trust that everything would sort itself out and we would make it work.

Failure wasn't an option when it came to Flynn and me.

I left the restroom and joined Flynn over by the tree line while Murphy sniffed the ground.

"Did you go to the bathroom? Do you feel better now?" Flynn asked and I grimaced.

"Flynn, you don't ask people that stuff, come on," I corrected.

"Come on where?" he asked and I shook my head.

"Never mind," I muttered, watching Murphy as he bounded after a squirrel.

A few minutes later, Flynn consulted his watch and deemed it was time for us to get back on the road. He had calculated it should take us another three and a half hours and he planned for us to get to Sandbridge by dinnertime. He was inflexible about his schedule.

Before I could get in the car, still feeling despondent and low, Flynn reached out and took my hand. I startled at the contact. He tucked his fingers between mine and gave me a shy smile.

"I'm glad I'm going to the beach with you," he said softly.

And he melted me. I was a giant, soggy mess. My worries, my insecurities, my endless amount of personal baggage drifted away and became completely inconsequential. I gave him a watery smile and squeezed his hand.

"Can I kiss you?" I asked him.

"Yes, I'd like that," he agreed.

I moved closer and slowly wrapped my arms around his neck. Going up on my tiptoes, I pressed my mouth against his. He returned the pressure with eager force.

Nothing else in the world existed when Flynn kissed me. His lips communicated things that he could never verbalize. Even if he couldn't give me the words, his mouth gave me everything else.

Flynn bit my bottom lip, much more gently than he had done in the past. He was learning. I smiled against his mouth. Flynn's hands started to work their way up the back of my shirt and I pulled back.

"Flynn, remember, that sort of stuff we do when we're alone. I'm all for a little PDA, but I don't need the truckers over there getting an eyeful as you grope me," I chuckled.

"I want to touch you. I like feeling your skin," he said, sounding breathless.

"I know. Me too, baby. But let's wait until later for that," I urged as he pulled his hands out from my shirt and blatantly adjusted himself.

"We'd better get going if we want to get to the beach by dinner. I've always wanted to see the ocean at sunset," I said, taking Murphy's leash from Flynn.

"We have two hundred and twenty-three more miles to go," Flynn said, turning on The Cure again once we were settled into the car.

"Why don't we try listening to the radio?" I suggested.

"I like The Cure. They're my favorite band. I want to listen to them," Flynn argued and I didn't press the issue. Though, I reminded myself that if I were ever on an extended road trip with Flynn again, earplugs would be a must.

We drove the rest of the way with very little talking. And I was okay with that.

Because sometimes the silence said more than words.

25

-Ellie-

I knew the moment we got close to the ocean. The landscape completely changed. I had lived my entire life surrounded my mountains and hills. It's all I ever knew.

So the brush and windswept trees and flat, endless expanse was like an alien planet. Seagulls swooped and soared above the trees and the sun seemed brighter.

I rolled down my window so I could smell the salt in the air.

"Roll up the window!" Flynn said, sounding irritated.

"I just wanted to smell the sea air, Flynn. It's not a big deal," I murmured, rolling the window up.

"It's too loud. I don't like the noise," he replied, relaxing again now that the sounds of traffic were drowned out by his music.

"Sorry," I said, trying to hide how irked I was.

Flynn drove through populated urban areas as he headed toward Sandbridge Beach. I was fascinated by everything I saw.

Slowly the sights and sounds of the city gave way to sand dunes and quaint beach shops. We followed the road and I could see the ocean outside my window. I had only ever seen that perfect blue on television. Now I was seeing it with my own eyes!

"Look, Flynn!" I gasped, hardly able to believe what I was seeing.

Flynn didn't look; he was entirely focused on his driving. He was consulting the paper he had written his directions on and starting to look anxious.

"This isn't right. I should have been able to turn right back there. But there was no road." I recognized the panic on his face and I knew he was minutes from a meltdown.

"Let me drive, Flynn. I'll get us there," I said softly. Flynn shook his head.

"I'm driving. I have to do it. But there should have been a road back there. There wasn't a road. The directions said there would be a road. See, I wrote it there," he pointed to the paper he had propped up on his dashboard so he could see it.

I had tried to convince him before we left to use the GPS on his phone. I had explained it would make it easier to find our hotel once we got to Sandbridge. Flynn had adamantly refused, saying he'd write it down. I knew he felt better when he wrote things down. But I had worried something like this would happen.

"Can I have your phone?" I asked, careful to keep my voice calm.

"There wasn't a road back there! There was supposed to be a road," Flynn was saying again.

I knew he was dangerously closed to losing it. I reached over and picked up his phone from the center consol. I found the navigation app and plugged in the hotel's address. The directions popped up a few seconds later.

"Look, Flynn, you can turn right at the next light. It's okay," I said, trying to reason with him. I showed him his phone.

"No, it said turn back there," Flynn said again. He had slowed down to fifteen miles an hour and there was a line of cars behind us. Someone laid on the horn and Flynn gripped the wheel so tightly I thought he'd snap it in half.

I needed to get him to pull over so I could drive us. But how was I going to do that and not push him further into his meltdown?

"Flynn, listen to me. I think you need to pull over. I can drive us. You can relax and let me take over. Please. For me," I said. I made sure not to touch him. I knew that would be disastrous.

"Flynn, please," I said again. Suddenly Flynn jerked the steering wheel hard to the left, the wheels crunching over seashells and sand on the shoulder of the road. He threw the car into park and pushed open his door, jumping out and almost into oncoming traffic.

People were laying on their horns. Several were yelling out their windows at Flynn who was now pacing in front of the car, rubbing his hands.

I didn't get out of the car right away. I stayed where I was and watched him. Every time someone honked their horn, he covered his ears.

Eventually his pacing became less intense and his hands stopped wringing. I got out and went around to the driver's side and got in. I didn't say anything to him. He would come when he was ready.

I pulled up the address on Flynn's phone and sat it on the dashboard. Murphy was whining again in the back seat. And I waited.

We were sat there for another fifteen minutes before Flynn got in the passenger side. He wouldn't look at me. He kept his head down. He put on his seatbelt and positioned his body so he was angled away from me.

"The hotel is fifteen minutes away," I said, putting on the blinker and pulling back out into traffic.

Flynn didn't say anything. I knew he was embarrassed. He was always shy after his meltdowns. But I tried really hard to act as though nothing had happened. The last thing I wanted was to make him feel worse about something he couldn't control.

My empathy for Flynn was surprising in so many ways. I had been told my entire life by therapists and social workers that I possessed an inability to empathize. I was missing the crucial part needed to identify with others. I had been labeled. Defined. Explained and diagnosed. And every single one of them had been wrong.

Because I understood Flynn. I connected with him. I wanted him to feel as good as he made me feel.

And that was completely contradictory to everything I had been told to believe about myself.

I turned up The Cure and allowed the music to soothe him in a way my words never could.

Despite Flynn's humiliation, I could tell he was starting to perk up. He looked out the window at the ocean and I saw his smile.

"You're going too fast. The speed limit is twenty-five," Flynn told me, pointing to the speed limit sign as we passed it.

I looked down at the speedometer and saw that I was only going five miles over, but I slowed down anyway, much to the annoyance of the people behind me. Well, they'd have to just get over it.

"Don't follow too closely to the car in front of you. Keep at least two car lengths between you," Flynn frowned, pointing to the vehicle in front of us. I was tempted to smack his pointing finger away.

It was like traveling with a talking driver's manual.

"Actually, that's just on the highway, Flynn," I countered. I had passed the written exam the first time. He wasn't the only one who knew his road facts.

Flynn made a noise that sounded suspiciously like a snort. I glanced over at him and his mouth was curved upwards into a smirk. I don't think I had ever seen Flynn smirk before. It made me grin.

"You're right. That's on the highway," he agreed.

"Wow, I knew something Flynn didn't. We need to mark this day on the calendar," I teased.

Flynn frowned. "Why should we mark it on the calendar? That's stupid."

It was my turn to snort. "It's a figure of speech, Flynn. We won't really be writing it on the calendar," I explained.

"Oh. Well that's a dumb figure of speech and it makes no sense," Flynn replied.

"Whatever." I rolled my eyes.

Soon we were pulling up in front of an older but nicely maintained hotel. It looked as though it were well past its prime but was trying like hell to hold on to its relevance. But it was right on the beach; I could see the ocean line from the parking lot. I liked it instantly. We were lucky to get such a good deal because it was off peak and the tourist season was dwindling down. So I wouldn't complain about the dated awnings and the garish paint job.

I parked the car and looked over at Flynn who was absently scratching Murphy's head and staring out the window toward the open ocean. The beach was mostly empty. Only a few people on boogie boards were braving the most likely cold October water.

"Let's go check in," I said enthusiastically. Flynn's mood was still off but he seemed to be coming around.

Flynn didn't move right away. He continued to rub Murphy rhythmically. The dog was loving it, not picking up on his owner's odd temperament.

"Flynn? Are you ready?" I asked.

Flynn nodded and climbed out of the car, slipping Murphy's leash over his head. The three of us walked into the small lobby and approached the front desk.

It was quaint and clean. The reception area was decorated with your stereotypical seashells and jars of colored sand. A large fishing net covered in starfish and sand dollars hung on the wall.

"Hello, welcome to Sandbridge Inn! Can I get your name?" the elderly woman with a very impressive blue rinse and whose name tag read Paula, asked, giving Flynn and me a bright and friendly smile.

I looked at Flynn but he didn't answer her. He was chewing on his bottom lip again and he was wrapping Murphy's leash around his hand over and over again.

"Uh, Hendrick," I said, smiling to cover for Flynn's rudeness.

He was looking around the lobby and he didn't look happy. He looked upset.

Paula with the blue rinse tapped away at the computer until she found our reservation. "Just two nights right?" she asked.

I nodded, glancing at Flynn again. He was still completely disengaged.

I sighed; I couldn't help it. I had wanted this to be perfect. But it seemed I overestimated Flynn's ability to handle this.

It made me completely rethink my earlier frustration about his refusal to move away with me. Looking at him now, anxious and unhappy, I knew that perhaps I was thinking too much about what was best for me and not thinking nearly enough about what was best for Flynn. Being unselfish kind of sucked.

"Here you are. You're booked for the King Suite with the extra $50 pet deposit." She leaned over the counter to look at Murphy, who was being surprisingly well behaved.

"My, he's a big boy, isn't he?" Paula asked, her eyes widening as she took in Murphy's massive girth.

"Yeah, but he's a gentle giant," I assured her. I remembered how nervous the other volunteers at the shelter had been when Murphy had arrived. He was huge. And his size alone made people nervous. But that was before it become clear his size was the only intimidating thing about him.

"Can I give him a treat?" the woman asked and I nodded.

She came around the desk, holding out the small bone for Murphy to take.

"Don't give him that!" Flynn barked, stopping her. Paula startled and instantly backed away.

"Flynn. It's fine. It's just a treat," I reasoned, trying to give the now flustered receptionist a comforting smile.

"No, he doesn't eat until six. Then he has his treats an hour after that. Not before he has his dinner. You know that, Ellie!" Flynn's voice rose and I recognized the tightening of his shoulders and the rigidity of his jaw.

Great, another meltdown.

"You're right, Flynn. No treats," I said calmly, though Murphy had started whining because he could smell the bone.

"No treats, Ellie! He has them after his dinner, not before," he repeated and I nodded my head.

"After dinner. Not before," I said quickly, knowing how this looked to Blue Rinse Paula. She hadn't said anything as she watched us warily. So much for a good first impression.

Flynn thankfully calmed down and started scratching Murphy's head again. The pair of them settled.

Paula's smile was now a little brittle as she handed me the key to our room. "Take the elevator and get off at the fourth floor. Take a left and follow the hallway to the end. Your room is number 410. There's a continental breakfast served every day at seven, though you can't take your dog into the dining room." She had abandoned all pretenses of politeness and now seemed ready for us to get to our room and out of her blue rinsey hair.

I looked over at Flynn who was staring holes into the floor. "Room 410, Flynn. It's at the end of the hallway on the fourth floor," I said. He nodded.

"Room 410. End of the hallway on the fourth floor," he repeated. Paula was looking at Flynn, her face pinched and judgmental as I had seen so many times before.

I grabbed the key from her hand a little more aggressively than I meant to. "Stop looking at him. He doesn't like it," I hissed under my breath, low enough so Flynn couldn't hear me, but loud enough that she got my message loud and clear.

She straightened her spine and puffed her chest indignantly. We weren't going to be given the favorite guests award, that's for sure.

She practically shoved the paperwork into my hand and I narrowed my eyes in warning. Without another word, I turned back to Flynn and put my hand on his arm. He didn't jerk away, leaned into me instead.

"Come on," I said softly, taking Murphy's lead from him. He lifted up our bags and followed me to the elevator. I could feel the tension radiating off him but I hoped once were settled in our room he would be okay. This wasn't the best start to our mini-vacation.

Once the doors closed and we were moving upwards, it became clear that Flynn and elevators did not mix. He pressed himself into the corner and took deep, shaky breaths. He looked ready to have a panic attack. We weren't thirty minutes into our vacation and I was already exhausted and wondering if we shouldn't head back to home.

Then the doors opened and Flynn rushed passed me into the hallway. Murphy tried to pull me after him, thinking it was a game. Flynn found our room quickly and I handed him the key. Once we were inside, I stood there, gaping in shock.

The room was huge! A king sized bed dominated a good portion of the room. But there was also a small seating area with a coffee table and television. A desk was pushed against the wall with a floor lamp beside it. There was a coffee maker and a microwave and a small refrigerator tucked into the wardrobe.

But it was the view that held me captive. The entire far wall consisted of sliding glass doors that led out to a small balcony overlooking the rolling ocean. The sun was sitting low in the sky, cutting a path of color along the water.

Murphy trotted inside and jumped up on the bed, making himself right at home. Flynn closed the door behind him and looked around.

"It's clean. That's good," he said, clutching his hands together. He was nervous. I was awestruck.

I walked toward the glass doors, feeling the pull of the sand below us. I pressed my hand against the glass.

"It's beautiful!" I breathed.

Flynn didn't respond, not that I expected him to. I couldn't believe I was here and it was all thanks to the man behind me, whose nerves radiated off him like the waves crashing along the shore.

I turned to face him and found that he hadn't moved any farther into the room. I bit down on my resentful irritation. Why couldn't he be normal just this once? I thought hatefully before I could stop myself.

And then I felt guilty for thinking that at all. I wouldn't be there if it weren't for Flynn. He was doing this for me. For him. For the both of us. It wasn't fair to be annoyed by things he couldn't control.

But it didn't stop me from wishing like a selfish brat that he'd suck it up, just this once.

I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. It's not his fault. I reminded myself over and over again. He did this for you.

I opened my eyes and crossed the room back to Flynn. I picked up our suitcases and put them on the bed. "Let's unpack and put things in their places. You can make sure you're comfortable before we decide what to do next," I suggested.

Flynn nodded and joined me by the bed. The next hour was spent taking out clothes and hanging them in the wardrobe. Then he placed his toiletries in the bathroom exactly how they were positioned on his sink at home. He and I looked in all the nooks and crannies until he knew the room inside and out.

I saw that he was starting to calm down. He had stopped rubbing his hands, though he continued to gnaw on his bottom lip.

I found Murphy's bowls and filled them with food and water. He scarfed it down quickly and then resumed his nap on the bed.

"Do you want to go to the beach?" I asked, hoping he'd say yes, though deep down knowing better.

Flynn sat down tentatively on the bed. "I don't know," he said, turning his attention to the glass doors. I was dying to go for a walk on the sand. To get my toes wet in the waves. But I couldn't rush him.

"How about we open the doors and walk out on the balcony first. See how you feel about it after that," I prompted.

Flynn stared out the window for a while longer then nodded. "Okay," he agreed, though he still sounded nervous.

I opened the sliding doors and waited for Flynn before stepping outside. There was a strong breeze coming off the ocean and I felt the salt sticking to my skin. I licked my lips, tasting it on my mouth.

"It's cold," Flynn said.

"Do you want a sweater?" I asked him. He shook his head.

"No, I'm okay." He crossed his arms over his chest and looked at the picture before us.

"What do you think? Is it as horrible as last time?" I asked.

Flynn shrugged his shoulders. "It smells just as bad. Like fish. It's gross. And I don't like how sticky my skin feels. I need to wash my hands," he held his palms out like they were bothering him.

I took one of them in mine and squeezed. "I think they feel just fine," I told him.

Flynn smiled but was still looking out at the ocean.

"It's pretty," he said quietly.

"It is," I nodded.

"I like being here with you. It makes me happy. Does it make you happy?" he asked, sounding worried.

I turned him by his shoulders so that he was facing me. I lightly grasped his chin between my fingers and pulled his face so that he was finally looking at me. I rubbed my thumb along his lower lip.

"I'm the happiest I've ever been in my entire life. Thank you, Flynn, for bringing me here with you," I said sincerely.

Flynn's shy smile caused my heart to twist in my chest. This strange emotion surging forth inside me that I knew without a doubt was love, made tears sting my eyes.

We stood that way for a while; our hands clasped together, the breeze from the ocean swirling around us. I laid my head against his chest and felt the thud of his heart beneath my ear, lulling me with its steady comfort.

Flynn's hands pulled away from mine and then came up to press into my back as he held me. He so rarely put his arms around me that I soaked up the moment.

"I love you, Flynn," I told him, not expecting or even needing a response. And it didn't hurt when I didn't get one. I knew he loved me. His actions had always told me what I needed to hear.

"I have something for you," he said after a few minutes. I looked up at him to find his green eyes dancing.

"You do?" I asked.

He walked into the room and I followed, closing the doors behind me.

Flynn dug into his bag and wrapped his hands around something small, concealing it with his fingers.

He held his arm out, his hand closed in a fist around the mystery object.

"Give me your hand," Flynn said with a touch of his customary impatience.

I did as I was told and he placed something in my palm.

I looked down to find a miniature sand castle. I held it up to the light so I could see it better. It actually seemed to be made of sand. It glinted and sparkled as I moved it.

"This is amazing," I enthused.

Flynn hung his head, not looking at me, but I could tell my appreciation of his artwork made him happy.

"It's so you can remember coming to the beach. All of those other sculptures were of places you've never been. You've been here now. You should have a sculpture of a place you've actually seen," he said, a hint of joy in his voice.

I curled my fingers around the tiny sand castle and held it over my heart. "Thank you, Flynn," I said, my voice cracking and breaking.

Flynn didn't say anything more, but his soft smile remained on his face.

26

-Ellie-

We decided to get dinner at the hotel. I didn't think Flynn would be up to going someplace different. Not when he was just finally settling into his new environment. Even though I was dying to eat at one of the little seafood shacks that dotted the beach, I knew concessions would have to be made.

We left Murphy sleeping in the room and went down to the small bar. Flynn ordered a steak and I got clam chowder with a side of fries. The place was empty, and it was good for Flynn that we were the only customers.

The bartender tried to make polite conversation but soon realized Flynn wasn't up for chitchat. After Flynn reminded him that he should be working and not talking to people that are trying to eat, the bartender left us to our dinner.

"He was just being nice, Flynn," I said softly after the bartender left, his cheeks flushed in obvious embarrassment.

Flynn wasn't concerned in the least for the bartenders hurt feelings. "I'm hungry. I want to eat. I don't want to talk to someone I don't know." He reached out to take a handful of my fries and looked at my face.

"You don't like it when I do that, do you?" he asked, his hand, filled with fries, hovering over my plate.

"Not really. You have your own food," I pointed out. Flynn opened his fist and dropped my fries back onto my plate.

"Sorry," he mumbled and returned to his steak.

"It's okay," I said and then took a few of my fries and put them on his plate.

"But I thought you didn't want me to eat them?" he asked, confused, but picking one up and putting it in his mouth.

"It's okay if I give them to you, Flynn. Just don't take them without asking," I explained.

He liked that explanation and he ended up eating all of my fries anyway.

After we finished our dinner and Flynn had paid a still very put out bartender, we wandered into the lobby.

Flynn seemed ready to head back to the room for the night. But I hated to waste the evening. I couldn't go back up into the room without sticking my toes into the sand. I needed to feel it for myself. It was time to do a little pushing.

"Flynn, I'd really like to go out to the beach," I said, bracing myself for his refusal.

Flynn was quiet, his hands shoved into his khakis. "Okay," he said after a beat.

"Okay?" I asked, hardly able to believe how easy that had been.

His eyes met mine briefly before they skittered away again. "Yes. Let's go to the beach. I know you want to see it. I want to make you happy." I couldn't stop my grin from spreading across my face. It stretched my cheeks so much it hurt.

"Let's go get Murphy, we can walk him at the same time," I said, sounding like a little kid.

We took the stairs instead of the elevator and hurried to our room to get the dog. I grabbed my coat and reminded Flynn to get a sweater knowing it would be cold and then we were heading back downstairs.

I could barely contain my excitement as we crossed the street to the stairs that led down onto the beach. I sat down on the bench and quickly removed my shoes and socks.

"Are you going to take your shoes off?" I asked Flynn.

He hesitated and I reached out to take his hand. "It'll be okay," I coaxed and he bent down and untied his shoes and slipped them off his feet. His toes curled and he made a face as his bare feet made contact with the sand covered pavement.

But he didn't say anything, and I figured so far so good.

"Are you ready?" I asked, holding my hand out for him. Murphy had already taken off down the steps and was running circles in the sand. Flynn watched his dog for a few minutes before putting his hand in mine.

We walked down the steps and the second my feet hit the sand I giggled. Ellie McCallum actually freaking giggled!

I set my shoes down by the steps and walked forward a few feet, digging my toes in the still warm sand.

"Oh my god! This is unbelievable!" I gasped, bending down and burrowing my hands in the sand by my toes.

I realized quickly that Flynn was being extremely quiet behind me. I turned around and found him only a foot from the bottom stair. His feet were in the sand but he was definitely agitated.

"Flynn?"

"Just, leave me alone. Please," he said, shaking his head furiously. I opened my mouth to say something else but decided to give him his space. I didn't move any closer but I didn't move away either. I sank down and sat down on the beach, watching Murphy burrow his nose in the sand and kick it up behind him as he raced to the shoreline.

I don't know how long I sat there, waiting for Flynn to compose himself. It could have been minutes. It could have been hours. The light was slowly bleeding from the sky and the air was getting chillier, making me glad I remembered to bring my jacket.

I felt Flynn beside me before I saw him. I looked up to find him gazing down at me, frowning.

"You want to walk down to the water?" I asked, praying that he'd say yes. I wanted to experience this with him so badly. I didn't want to pressure him but god; I wanted to have this one perfect moment with him.

Flynn wiggled his toes. "I hate it. It's getting stuck between my toes. It's rough and itchy and I want to wash it off," Flynn said, stringing his words together in a rush of panic.

"Well, let's go down to the ocean and wash them off," I suggested. Maybe I was being selfish for pushing this, but I couldn't help it. I needed him to do this with me.

"Okay," he said, giving me exactly what I wanted.

I jumped to my feet and thought about taking his hand but figured that wouldn't go over too well right now. We walked in slow, measured steps to the lapping water. The closer we got, the louder it became. Flynn covered his ears with his hands.

"It's too loud," he yelled, though he didn't need to. I could hear him just fine.

We kept walking until we reached where the water met the sand. Flynn hadn't dropped his hands and Murphy was running circles around us in his excitement. I wanted to get closer but I knew this was as far as Flynn would be willing to go.

A wave broke on the shore and water surged toward us, washing our feet. Flynn made a face but didn't retreat.

"It's cold," he said.

I nodded. He was right. The ocean was really cold. But it was awesome.

"I'm going to walk closer. You can stay here. You'll still be able to see me," I promised.

Flynn clung to my hand. "Don't go far. Promise," he demanded.

"I promise," lifting his hand and kissing the back softly.

I jogged to the water. I rolled up my jeans and waded in up to my shins. Murphy was barking at me from beside Flynn who looked ready to run away.

I knew I should go back to him. But I couldn't make myself. Not yet. A large wave crashed and I squealed as the water rushed forward, soaking the bottom of my pants.

I was laughing hysterically by the time I pulled myself away from the ocean and returned to Flynn's side.

"You're laughing," he observed, watching my face.

"I am. That was fun," I said, unrolling my pants.

"You're happy," he replied, his own smile reaching up to touch his eyes.

"Yep. And so are you," I said, pointing to his grinning face.

He laughed, an awkward sound.

"I am. You make me happy," he said. He reached out and cupped his hand behind my neck, shocking the hell out of me.

He yanked me forward with enough force to make me stumble. I laughed again.

"What are you doing, Flynn?" I asked him; my heart thudded almost painfully in my chest. I had never seen this side of Flynn. He had never tried to take control of our physical interactions. That had always been left up to me.

But he was taking control now.

And it was hot.

He didn't give me a chance to say anything else. He smashed his mouth to mine with a bruising clash of teeth. I pulled back slightly. "A little softer, Flynn. I don't want either of us breaking a tooth."

Not surprisingly, he didn't pick up on my teasing, but he listened to my suggestion. His lips were gentle when they returned to mine and he kissed me with a passion that made my toes curl.

The wind picked up and swept my hair in our face and Flynn batted it away but he never stopped kissing me. His hand continued to hold my face while the other came up to wrap around me.

This was real. This was perfect.

This was absolutely right.

Flynn pulled away abruptly, his mouth tender and swollen. "I want to walk on the beach. Will you come with me?" he asked and my mind was still trying to play catch up from being overrun by my raging hormones.

"Uh, sure," I said, blinking in confusion.

Flynn held my hand in his and called for Murphy, who was chewing on a piece of driftwood.

After the unexpected display of affection, I wasn't sure what to say. I ran my fingers along my lips. They still tingled from being pressed to his. I noticed that Flynn's face was flushed and I could tell he was worked up. But I also knew that we had once again hit his invisible wall.

We were only able to physically connect so much. But something told me he was trying to push himself for more. And that both thrilled and frightened me.

We had been walking for twenty minutes when Flynn stopped suddenly.

"What do you think those are for?" he asked, pointing to large boat with what looked like a crane on the end just off shore. It rumbled loudly as it scooped sand and deposited it closer to the break line.

I watched the machinery at work for a while and then realized what it was doing.

"I think it's reclaiming the beach," I told him.

"It's loud, can we walk a bit longer?" Flynn asked, covering his ears. I nodded and whistled for Murphy again as we quickly moved away from the boat.

Once it was quieter, Flynn lowered his hands again.

"It was making the beach bigger," he stated.

"Yeah, it seemed that way. You know how the beach erodes away after a while and those must put the sand back,"

Flynn nodded. "The sea takes it away, until there's nothing left. And the boat puts it back."

"Yeah, I guess so," I agreed. Flynn stopped walking and suddenly sat down on the sand. I joined him, followed by Murphy who tried to wiggle his way between us, resting his head on Flynn's lap.

Flynn placed his hand on Murphy's large head and stared off into the distance at the machinery still dredging up the sand.

"It's important to put it back. If they don't, the beach will disappear," Flynn said, still watching the sand being reclaimed.

"You're right," I said softly, my words floating out on the wind.

We sat huddled together in the cooling air, watching as the boat returned the beach to where it belonged.

I sat there, the waves crashing in their soothing symphony and realized I was like the sea eating away at the beach. I had taken and destroyed heedlessly. I had grabbed Flynn's sand and carried it away, not caring about the consequences.

And in the process I had washed away and lost myself.

But Flynn had scooped me up and put me back where I belonged. He gave me my beach back.

I wiped away the tears that were suddenly dripping down my face. I sniffled, trying not to draw attention to my blubbering.

Of course Flynn noticed the one time I had counted on his obliviousness.

"You're crying. Are you sad?" he asked, frowning. He reached out and wiped the tears from my face, rubbing the wetness between his fingers as he tried to work out what was wrong with me.

I scrubbed my face with my hands. "I'm not sad, Flynn. I'm just thankful. Thankful that you came into my life and changed me. I was such a miserable bitch before you came back." I hung my head in shame.

"Don't cuss, Ellie," Flynn scolded.

"Sorry," I muttered, my lips quirking upwards into a smile.

"But I was. I was horrible. I treated you so badly, Flynn. How were able to forgive me? How can you stand to touch me after everything I've done?" I was crying in earnest now. The girl who never shed a tear was sobbing like a baby.

Flynn didn't put his arm around me. He didn't comfort me as others would have tried to do. He simply watched me cry with a curious expression on his face. Murphy lifted his nose and nudged my arm as though asking what was wrong.

"Don't cry. It makes me feel sad. Like I want to cry too," Flynn said, his face pained.

I tried to stop. I really did. But it was like a dam had broken and years of repressed tears came flooding out.

"I'm so sorry, Flynn. For everything. For calling you names. For being your friend and then taking that friendship away because I was a coward. For not standing up for you when I should have. For not being stronger," I babbled. I was a snotty mess. I wiped my nose with the back of my hand, disgusted.

Flynn didn't respond to my apology. He continued to watch me as I cried myself out.

"I know you're sorry, Ellie," he said when I had calmed down.

"Huh?" I wasn't sure I had heard him correctly.

"I know you're sorry, Ellie. You weren't very nice to me. You made me feel angry and sad and I cried a lot because of you. But now you make me smile. You laugh and I laugh and we have fun together. You want to be with me and I want to be with you. We belong together," he said with complete conviction and an emotion I hadn't heard in his voice before.

"You think we belong together?" I asked weakly.

Flynn nodded, dropping his eyes to his fingers that were tunneling through the sand. If I wasn't such a mess, I'd be thrilled by this huge step for him. He wasn't recoiling. He was purposefully touching the beach beneath him.

"You make me feel good, Ellie. I make you laugh. We're happy together. That's all that matters."

And he was right. That was all that mattered. We had each other.

I loved him. He had given me a life I never dreamed I could have. He had given me connection and belonging and acceptance.

He had become my world.

I leaned over and kissed his cheek and he ducked his head bashfully.

"Can we go back to the hotel now? I want to get a shower. I've had enough sand," Flynn stated, getting to his feet, rubbing his hands on his pants as he tried to get rid of the grains sticking to his palms.

"Let's go," I said, getting to my feet.

As I walked behind him, letting him lead us back to the stairs where we had left our shoes I knew that I would follow Flynn Hendrick anywhere.

Flynn had gone straight to the bathroom after we returned to the hotel room. I heard the shower turn on and I knew he'd be in there for a while. Flynn was not a quick clean kind of guy.

I had wiped Murphy down with a towel and patted his bed so he wouldn't jump up on ours. He listened obediently; curling into a ball and promptly began snoring his big, doggie snores.

I opened my tattered suitcase and pulled out a pair of pajama shorts and tank top. I needed to shower. I was feeling pretty gross from the sand and salt. But I had to wait until Flynn deemed himself clean enough to get out.

I thought about him naked and wet only a few feet away and I felt myself flush and my body began to buzz. It had been a long time since I had sex. It wasn't something I had ever spent a lot of time thinking about.

But now, as I fell deeper and deeper in love with Flynn, I found that I thought about it...all the time.

What I wouldn't give to open the door and climb into that shower behind him but I knew that was absolutely out of the question.

I looked over at the large bed that we would be sharing. We had slept in the same bed for weeks now and I had carefully kept a lid on my sexual desires. But it was becoming harder and harder to do that. Going slow had never been my strong suit. And I was starting to feel if I went any slower I'd be dead.

Sex had only ever been just sex. It had never meant anything. Sure when I was a kid I thought that by sleeping with Shane and a few other faceless guys that they would care about me. That I would matter.

Even when they had ultimately rejected me after getting what they wanted, my pride had been hurt more than anything else. Because I may have let them into my body but I had never let them into my heart.

But Flynn had dug down deep. I knew that if he ever rejected me, moving on wouldn't be an option.

I wanted to give him my body. I wanted us to connect physically just as we had connected in every other way.

I needed it.

I craved it.

My mind started to go a million miles a minute, thinking about Flynn touching me. Taking off my clothes. Kissing every part of me.

By the time he came out from his shower, steam billowing into the room, dressed in his flannel sleep pants and usual T-shirt, I practically pushed passed him to get into the bathroom, closing the door behind me.

I turned on the shower a little cooler than was comfortable. I needed to calm down before I lost all sense of reason. Attraction and lust were powerful emotions. But love trumped them all. It was impossible to turn your back on that.

It claimed you.

My teeth were chattering by the time I got out of the shower, my skin pruning. But it worked. I wasn't a raging ball of crazy physical desire anymore. And that was almost depressing.

When I came out of the bathroom, I found Flynn sitting on the bed, looking out at the sea. I had opened the window earlier so we could hear the pounding surf and for once he hadn't complained.

The waves matching the rhythm of my heart as I looked at the man who had come to be my everything.

I sat down beside him, brushing my side against his. He tensed for a moment but then relaxed.

We were quiet for a long time, which had quickly become our norm.

Flynn fiddled with the drawstring of his pants, his dark head bowed. I wish I knew what he was thinking about. But my mind reading skills sucked.

But I wouldn't have to wait long to hear what was troubling him.

"I've never," he said softly, his shoulders tense. I blinked in surprise by his strange statement.

"You've never what?" I asked him.

"Had sex," he said shortly, his voice, typically so flat and unemotional held a depth of feeling that made me dizzy.

Clearly we were on the same page and I hadn't realized it. I had thought I was alone with my overwhelming urges but obviously Flynn had been thinking about it as much as I had.

It wasn't a shock that he was a virgin. Hell, he hadn't kissed anyone until a few months ago. But I was scared to be his first. That was a huge responsibility. What if I wasn't gentle enough? What if he hated it? What if I messed up so badly he never wanted to have sex again?

Oh god, that was a horrible thought.

And that was a lot of pressure for a girl like me to handle. Staring down at his downturned head, I knew he wanted this experience with me. We were sharing so many firsts together. First walk in the sand, first kiss, first love.

This was just one more first to add to the ever growing list.

I wanted to touch him. I wanted to take his hand and make this awkwardness go away. I wanted to make this easier for him. For me too. Because I was a nervous wreck.

I cleared my throat, my mouth dry. "It's okay," I began, not wanting to push him, but Flynn cut me off.

"I don't know what I'm doing. I won't be good. You'll hate it," he muttered and I watched in disappointment as he started to rub his hands together.

He was upset. He was close to hitting or throwing something. The tension rolled off him in waves like the ones crashing on the beach.

"Stop it," I said a little more tersely than I meant to. I reached out and stopped myself before grabbing a hold of his hands.

His obvious discomfort was exacerbating my own nerves.

I wasn't the virgin in the room. So why was I the one shaking like a girl on prom night?

Because Flynn made me feel innocent and untouched. Because being with him for the first time would make me forget that there was anyone else before him.

Because with him there was no one else.

He was still rubbing his hands. He would rub his skin raw with the ferocity.

"I can't do this, Ellie. I don't know what I'm doing." Flynn's voice raised an octave and I wanted to yell at him to stop. I wanted to smack his face and force him to look at me and not give all of his attention to the spot in his lap.

I needed him here with me. Not locked inside his head.

My unreasonable anger was rearing its nasty head and I had to work hard to tamp it down.

"Can I touch you, Flynn?" I asked softly.

Flynn didn't say anything. He just kept rubbing.

This time I didn't ask him. I told him what I was going to do.

"I'm going to touch you, Flynn. And you're going to let me. You're not going to freak out. You're not going to get upset. You're going to feel me and I'm going to feel you and it will be awesome," I commanded, not leaving any room for argument.

I had tried sweet and gentle. Now it was time to be Ellie McCallum. And Ellie McCallum took over.

I grabbed one of his hands and covered it with mine. I laced my fingers through his, pressing my palm into the back of his hand.

Flynn's entire body was taut. I noticed the tick in his jaw as he gnawed at his bottom lip.

I rubbed his hand with my thumb. Slow, purposeful movements repeated over and over again. I forced my own tension to subside. I relaxed my shoulders and made my entire body loosen up. Loose as a goose, Ellie, I said to myself.

"We don't have to do anything you don't want to do, Flynn. I'm not going to force you. I won't steal your virtue, I promise," I teased, trying to lighten the heavy mood, though I knew my efforts at humor would be lost on him.

Flynn's body shook with fine tremors and I was beginning to think this trip was a bad idea. He wasn't ready. Hell, I wasn't sure I was ready. We were two f**ked up people walking around blind, hoping we wouldn't bump into shit.

There were never two people more ill suited for a relationship than us. We were all wrong. We didn't have a chance.

And that made me want to fight for it even harder.

Being with Flynn had unleashed the gladiator inside me. Long gone was the girl who would sit idly by and accept her fate. The old Ellie had died the day Flynn had walked into JAC's.

Flynn had come back into my life at the exact moment I needed him to. I had been on the cusp of something monumental. I could have gone either way. I could move forward, or I could have stayed stuck.

He motivated me to move forward. And I would do right by him.

By us.

How had this man that I had blamed so long for all the bad in my life become something integral? Something essential?

We both wanted to leave our pasts. We had carried on with our lives hoping the pain was over.

But the pain had also brought me him.

And I loved the pain.

I'd never let it go.

"We can just be here...together," I said quietly, lightly squeezing our joined hands.

Flynn's fingers were limp beneath mine and in slow increments, he began to sag. He let out a long, noisy breath and shook his shaggy hair out of his face.

"I want to, Ellie. I want to touch you. I want to feel you. I want to know what it's like to be naked with you," he said simply, speaking in his short, halting way.

I swallowed thickly. "Okay," I squeaked out. And that buzzing in my body that I had drowned out in my ice cold shower, blazed to life again.

Flynn lifted his head and looked at me. And like every time I was rewarded with a glimpse of his beautiful, green eyes, my heart stopped.

"Can I touch you?" he asked. My eyes widened marginally.

He never asked me that. I felt our roles suddenly reversing. It was unnerving but exciting.

I nodded, stilling as he lifted his hand and slowly, carefully placed his fingers on the side of my neck. I tried not to squirm.

He stared at my face, as though to make sure he was doing was okay. I didn't move. I bit down on my lip as his palm pressed into my skin, his fingers curling up into the heavy layers of my hair.

"I like your hair when it's normal. I hated all the colors," he said. I smiled, knowing all too well how much he hated it when I used to dye it in high school.

"Keep it like this," he demanded, sounding almost angry.

He pulled his other hand out from underneath mine and ran a finger along the seam of my lips. I wanted to close my eyes; the light brushes of his fingers almost my undoing.

But I couldn't stop watching him as he explored my skin. So gently. And with such heart melting resolve.

"I won't change it, I promise," I told him.

Flynn's beautiful face relaxed and he smiled and it lit up the room.

"You're so beautiful," he said firmly, as though I would argue with him. How could I argue with him when he said it with absolute conviction?

And then his mouth was on mine and I had barely any time to register what was happening before he pulled away again, just like he had done on the beach. He was panting, his cheeks red. He dropped his hands from the side of my neck and looked down into his lap again.

What the hell had just happened?

"It's okay," I told him. Kissing Flynn was a unique experience and no two kisses were ever the same.

The one he had just planted on my mouth was bruising and harsh and extremely conflicted.

Flynn shook his head and he started to rub his hands again. This time I grabbed ahold of them without waiting for permission. I brought his fingers up to my mouth and kissed them lightly.

His hands trembled beneath my lips.

"It's okay," I told him again.

He nodded and I put his palms to my face. With his head still bent low, he cupped my cheeks.

"It's not okay. I want to touch you. It just feels...strange," he said, frowning.

"We can take it slow. We don't have to do this right now. We have all the time in the world to be together, Flynn. I'm not going anywhere." I felt it important to stress that. I wasn't going anywhere. Not now.

Flynn pushed his hair back from his face and looked into my eyes again, as though he were forcing himself to meet my gaze head on.

"I've never wanted to have sex before. I've never wanted to touch anyone. I want to touch you, Ellie. I want you to touch me. You just have to let me get used to this," he said, fidgeting.

I laughed and Flynn watched my mouth, his own lips turning up in a smile.

"I'm funny?" he asked.

I covered my face with my hands and tried to get myself under control. Taking a deep breath, I shook my head.

"No, you're perfect, Flynn. Just as you are." And I meant it. After all these years, I knew that who he was, limitations and all, was everything I had ever wanted.

How had I not seen that before?

Shit, here came the waterworks again! Enough already!

Tears were useless. They accomplished nothing.

But they continued to fall anyway.

But they weren't the tears of the broken. These were the tears of someone being put back together.

Flynn, his eyes never leaving mine, grabbed the hem of his shirt and pulled it over his head. He dropped it on the floor, his chest rising and falling rapidly.

"Crap," I muttered under my breath as I took in the sight of his naked and very toned chest. I couldn't help myself. I reached out and touched the skin of his abdomen. His muscles quivered beneath my fingers as I softly traced a line along the length of his stomach.

"That tickles," he said, sounding strained.

I flattened my palm, feeling his warmth radiate up my arm.

"Are you going to take yours off?" Flynn asked and I had to chuckle.

"Would you like me to?" I asked coyly.

Flynn cocked his head to the side, his gaze falling to my chest. His eyes burning holes through my shirt.

"I want you to," Flynn murmured, his voice cracking as he watched me slowly lift my shirt over my head and join his on the floor.

Flynn's fingers flexed and then came out to cup my breast. He really did have a thing for my boobs.

He groaned deep and low in his throat and I felt the warmth build between my legs.

Knowing I shouldn't push him, but unable to stand it a moment longer, I wiggled onto his lap and straddled him. Flynn's eyes widened and then his mouth went slack as I pressed down onto the erection I felt beneath his jeans.

"That feels really good," he rasped. I grinned at the euphoric look on his face. I felt powerful and feminine and loved. Being held by Flynn like this was the most erotic experience of my life and we were still mostly clothed.

His lips found the space between my br**sts and he kissed me lightly. I shivered at the feather light touch of his mouth. His tongue tentatively licked the skin and I started to squirm as he squeezed and kneaded my breast.

Slowly and with a growing confidence, Flynn began to explore my body. I simultaneously wanted to slow things down and speed them up. I was on fire, being consumed, and Flynn was torturous in my destruction.

Passion had opened me up to a side of Flynn I hadn't known existed. He became someone else. He was sure. He was steady. He moved his hands and his mouth as though he couldn't get enough of me.

He told me I was beautiful in short, broken sentences. He stirred up feelings that I would never be able to push away again.

After a time, Flynn removed my pants, followed by his. It took him a while but we were finally naked together. Our breaths were shallow; my heart beat loud in my ears.

We didn't say a word. We were lost in the sensations of touching and tasting each other.

"Am I doing this right?" Flynn asked after he had started to touch between my legs. He was careful and deliberate, stroking and rubbing with just enough pressure to make my insides turn to jelly.

"Yes," I moaned as he slowly pushed a finger inside me.

This went on for hours or it could have been only minutes. I had lost track of everything, even time, as Flynn touched me.

Making love with Flynn was unlike anything I had ever experienced. It wasn't rushed. It wasn't awkward. Even as he fumbled with the condom. Not sure how to put it on I ended up having to take over, which we both enjoyed thoroughly.

It was his first time so it didn't last that long. But in those few blissful moments, I felt closer to him than I had ever been with anyone else.

I had been right. What we shared was so much more than sex.

It was an intimacy that came from baring your heart to someone you knew would take care of it.

And he looked at me. Really looked at me. He didn't hide his face. Our eyes connected and clung to each other just as our bodies clenched together tightly. There was no disappearing. There was no denying what this was.

It was love.

Pure and simple and completely complicated love.

The need to tell him burned my throat; my eyes glassing over with unshed tears as he pressed into me.

But I kept silent. Because words weren't necessary. The truth was in the way we touched. The way we moved. The way our eyes never looked anywhere but at each other.

Speaking it out loud would only encumber the honesty that couldn't be communicated with words.

"Flynn..." I said on a sigh, handing him my soul on the breath of his name. He rested his lips in the hollow of my throat, his hands gripping me tightly; sweat drying on our skin as we came back to earth.

I loved him.

I did.

I had never loved anyone before but now I loved with my whole being.

It split me open.

My guts spilled out on the floor at Flynn's feet.

He owned me. Completely.

There was no coming back from this.

Flynn had reclaimed me.

27

-Flynn-

Many years ago...

I didn't talk to Ellie anymore.

She was trying to say something to me in English class and I told her to shut up. Her hair was blue again.

I hated it.

I hated her.

She hurt me.

Her friends called me tard boy when I got to school this morning.

Ellie laughed too but then she said she was sorry to me later.

She always hurt me.

I was tired of feeling sad.

Mom said she wasn't a real friend and this time I didn't get mad.

Ellie wasn't my friend.

She was mean.

I didn't like mean people.

Why did my chest hurt?

"Please, just talk to me, Flynn!"

I didn't want to talk to Ellie.

But she was looking sad and I didn't like her to be sad, like I was sad.

I had to go to the cafeteria and eat my lunch before Stu took it. I was hungry. Mom had packed me chicken salad. It was my favorite.

"I'm sorry! Can I come over?" she asked.

I liked her coming to my house. It made me happy. She wasn't mean when she was at my house.

"There's the freak! Freaky Flynn!" Dania yelled and Ellie laughed. She looked at me and her face looked funny.

I got mad.

"You can't come over! I hate you!" I yelled to Ellie and turned around and ran down the hallway.

I was sad when I went home. I didn't eat any banana bread and Mom said she was worried about me.

I told her about Ellie and she got upset. She said she was going to call the school and make them do something.

I told her not to.

I didn't want Ellie to get into trouble.

I told Ellie I hated her but I didn't hate her.

She still made my stomach feel funny but now she made me sad all the time.

She never laughed anymore.

Mom said she wanted to call the principal. That maybe he could help me. That he'd make sure Stu and Dania and Ellie couldn't be mean to me anymore.

I liked the sound of that.

I didn't want Ellie to get into trouble but I didn't want them being mean to me either.

I said okay. And Mom smiled. She said she'd handle it.

Mom was yelling at me to get up. She was shaking me and I hit her to make her stop.

"Flynn! We have to get out of the house!" she yelled.

I opened my eyes and my room was full of smoke. I started coughing and my eyes stung. It smelled bad. Like when Mom would burn the pot roast.

"Hurry up, Flynn! The house is on fire!" she yelled, shaking me again.

I didn't like her shaking me but I was scared. The house was on fire. The smoke was bad. I couldn't breathe.

I coughed and coughed and coughed.

Mom pushed open my door and the smoke was worse in the hallway.

I started crying.

"Where's Marty?" I yelled but Mom kept telling me to go down the stairs and get outside.

Where was my dog? Where was Marty?

I cried harder and yelled at Mom to find Marty.

She was crying too. We ran out of the house. I couldn't breathe. My eyes burned. Mom hugged me and I let her.

"Mom, go get Marty!" I yelled but she kept saying she couldn't.

The firemen came and started spraying stuff at my house. I yelled at them to get my dog. I was getting really angry that no one was listening to me.

"Where's my dog?" I screamed and Mom tried to hug me again. I pushed her and she fell.

One of the firemen tried to pull me back and I tried to hit him.

"You need to calm down, young man. And don't hit your mother," he said. He was scary with his helmet on.

"He has Asperger's. He doesn't understand what he's doing," my mom said to the firefighter. He looked at me. I didn't want him to look at me.

I knew what I was doing. I was mad. I wanted to hit them for not getting my dog.

Mom was crying, telling me it would be okay.

I just wanted my dog.

Someone told Mom that it looked like the fire had been set on purpose. Mom started crying harder.

No one ever got my dog.

Mom said he had gone to heaven with my dad. That they'd play together now.

I didn't want my dad to have Marty in heaven! I wanted him here!

I yelled and got angry but I didn't hit her. I didn't want the fireman to yell at me again.

Marty was dead.

My house had been burned down.

I cried all night until Mom took me to a hotel.

28

-Ellie-

We weren't touching anymore. But I could still feel the heat of Flynn's skin on mine. I was staring at the ceiling while Flynn slept beside me. We had kept the door to the balcony open a crack and I could still hear the thundering waves. A chilly fall breeze filtered into the room, making me cold.

I shivered and pulled the blanket up around my shoulders. Murphy's light snores echoed in tune with Flynn's heavy breathing.

My mind and heart were reeling and I couldn't sleep. Making love to Flynn had been incredible. Afterwards Flynn didn't know what to do. The aftermath was a lot more awkward than the actual act had been. He had been shy and uncomfortable, not meeting my eyes.

"Did you like it?" he asked, chewing on his bottom lip. I had pulled the sheet up to cover my naked br**sts and Flynn fidgeted, his arm still wrapped around me but his fingers were flexing in and out as though he wanted to pull away.

"Of course I did. Did you?" I asked him, feeling suddenly insecure. Oh god, what if it sucked? What if I sucked? And I knew, without a doubt, that Flynn would tell me. If he announced that I was a lousy lay, I think I'd lose it.

Flynn had peeked up at me through the strands of dark hair that had fallen in his face. "I want to do it again," he said softly, smiling. The sickening sense of dread evaporated in an instant and I laughed. A happy and contented sound.

We hadn't had sex again but there was lots more kissing and touching. Flynn was particularly fond of my stomach and of course my br**sts. He spent a lot of time and attention to those areas. And I for one wasn't complaining.

"Don't do this with anyone else. Ever," he said as he kissed the mole on my hipbone. I propped myself up on my elbows and looked down at the top of his head. His breath was warm on my skin and I felt the wet slide of his tongue.

"What do you mean?" I asked huskily, already losing myself to him again.

Flynn stopped and looked up at me, his green eyes blazing into mine. "I want you to only do that with me. Okay?" he posed it as a question but it was spoken as a command.

"You don't want me with anyone else?" I asked, grinning.

Flynn shook his head vehemently. "No! People that love each other don't do that with anyone else."

I almost choked.

Flynn Hendrick had just told me that he loved me.

Flynn loved me!

"Then will you come with me if I go away to school?" I asked gently, wanting to smack myself for bringing up such a contentious subject when we were both feeling languid and peaceful.

But Flynn didn't get upset this time. He came back up the bed to rest his head on the pillow by my side. "I don't want to talk about that right now. It makes me mad. You get sad. It doesn't feel good. I want to feel good with you. Not angry." He frowned at me, as if to scold me for my inconsideration.

His refusal to answer me bugged me but I tried to ignore it. We had resumed our touching and kissing and loving each other. And I pushed aside the nagging voice in my head that warned this would all disappear.

Afterwards Flynn had gotten dressed again and settled beneath the sheets, promptly falling asleep. Leaving me to my racing thoughts and pounding heart.

Flynn loved me.

That simple yet profound statement bounced around in my overly crowded head.

The realization that my feelings were reciprocated filled me with such a bright, shiny happiness that it blinded me.

But there was a darkness that hovered at the edges of my joy and the more I tried to pretend it wasn't there, the larger it grew. Until it had eclipsed the sun of Flynn's love.

Because there it was. My old friend...guilt and shame.

Flynn loved me. But would he still love me if I told him the truth? Would he still want to touch me once I was honest with him about what I had done all those years ago?

I felt sick and my head ached.

I had to tell him.

I couldn't let another day pass without him knowing.

He deserved to know who it was he was giving his heart to.

I lay there in bed, staring at the ceiling, listening to Flynn's soft breathing and feeling like the world's biggest ass**le. What kind of person kept such a huge secret from the person they claimed to love?

Selfish coward party of one!

Flynn made a noise and rolled over. His eyes fluttered open and I could see him peering at me in the dark.

"Why are you still awake?" he asked, his voice rough from sleep.

"I'm not tired," I lied. Because I was exhausted. It felt it deep in my bones. But it wasn't a tiredness rest could cure.

Flynn folded his hand underneath his face and continued to look at me. For once I didn't like his attention. Not when I was feeling so shitty about myself.

The truth was sitting dangerously on the tip of my tongue, demanding that I let it out. Before I let this go any further, I had to come clean.

I couldn't let him continue to love a person he didn't really know.

"I need to tell you something," I said.

Flynn yawned. "What is it?" he asked innocently.

I took a deep breath and rolled onto my side to face him. The only light came from the street lamp outside the hotel. It filtered into our room, illuminating the bed. I folded my hand beneath my face, mirroring his position. We weren't touching and as much as I wanted to reach out for him, I couldn't.

"We never talk much about the way things were between us in high school," I began.

Flynn shook his head. "I don't like talking about that," he interrupted.

"I know you don't," I whispered. "But we need to," I insisted.

"Why?" he asked, sounding angry. And I didn't blame him. Who wanted to talk about a past that hurt so badly? Who wanted to relive a shared history that we had worked so hard to put behind us?

"Because there are some things you need to know," I said, swallowing thickly.

Flynn was quiet. He didn't ask any questions but he didn't shut me down either. It gave me the chance to get myself together and think about how I was going to approach this. It would have to be like ripping off a Band-Aid. Quickly and painfully.

"After your birthday, when Stu and Dania were so mean to you, I felt horrible. But I was sick and tired of feeling horrible. You made me feel all this stuff. I felt guilty. I had never cared what other people thought of me. Not until you," I began, my voice already wavering.

Get through this, Ellie. I told myself.

"If you felt horrible, why did you make fun of me? You were worse than the others. Because you were supposed to be my friend." His words weren't an accusation, just honest.

"I know. I think I was worse because I cared more, if that makes any sense," I tried to explain.

Flynn started chewing on his bottom lip. I knew talking about this had the potential to set him off. I was taking a huge risk. For both of us.

Was it selfish of me to need to cleanse my guilt at the expense of Flynn's happiness? Confessions could be catastrophic. And I had no doubt mine would do just that.

"It doesn't make any sense. If you were my friend, you wouldn't have called me names. You wouldn't have laughed when Dania and Stu hit me and teased me. If you liked me, you should have stuck up for me. That's what people who care do."

His black and white description hurt. But only because it was the truth. And I hated that he believed I hadn't cared for him at all. I wish I could make him see how much I truly did care, even if it hadn't looked like it. I had been a screwed up girl back then. I was still screwed up. I was just better able to analyze myself than I had been when I was younger. And I wasn't explaining myself very well at all.

"We were friends, Flynn. I was just weak. And I thought it was easier to go along with Dania and Stu and Shane then to stand up to them. I didn't want them to think I was a loser."

"And you would have been a loser if you were friends with me," Flynn stated and I winced.

"No, I was the loser, Flynn. I was the stupid one. Not you. You were my friend and I treated you like garbage." My self-loathing dripped out of me. I couldn't contain it.

I took another deep breath and carried on before I lost my nerve. "And I was mad all the time. I was mad at myself for treating you like that and then I'd get mad at you because you made me care about being mean to you in the first place. I stupidly thought it would be easier if I could turn off my feelings and forget you ever existed. Dania and Stu were getting suspicious of our relationship. They were teasing me all the time. They told everyone I was a freak lover. People were laughing at me. No one would talk to me. And it was only getting worse. And that made me even angrier. At you. Because in my mind, none of it would have happened if you hadn't moved to Wellsburg. If I hadn't been drawn to you. In my head, it was all your fault."

I chanced a look at Flynn and I couldn't see him very well in the inky blackness. Only his nose and chin were visible in the streetlight. He wasn't moving. I could barely tell if he was breathing.

I wanted to touch him so bad. I wanted to hold him and make this horrible confession easier for me to stomach.

But I didn't deserve easier. I deserved for it to be painful and difficult and for it to scrape me raw.

"And I knew the only way to get rid of you, to get rid of these feelings I had for you, was to treat you like everyone else did. I wanted to show Dania and Stu and the rest of them that I didn't care about you. I wanted to convince myself that you didn't matter. So I told Stu and Dania to come with me one night out to your house."

I felt my nausea rise in my throat. I thought I was going to be sick.

"We had been drinking and Stu brought a box of fireworks. I suggested we light a couple and throw them into your yard. I wanted to scare you. Because you hate loud noises."

Flynn had to know where this was going. I wish he would say something. But he remained resolutely quiet. Not giving any indication that he was even hearing me. But I could see that he was still awake and he was still watching me.

So I kept going.

"We crept up your yard and hid behind one of your outbuildings. Dania, Stu, and I each took a firecracker and lit it and then we threw them toward your house. I realized instantly that we had made a horrible mistake. Stu's had gone out once it hit the wet grass. Dania's hit the side of your house and made a pop before it died. But mine...well mine rolled into the open window leading into your basement. I saw it go off and the next thing I knew flames and smoke were everywhere. There was a huge bang. I heard something explode in your house and then I was running. Dania and Stu were screaming at me to get the hell out of there. They kept going, through the woods, and back toward the road, where Stu had parked his car. But I couldn't leave. I wanted to help you. I really did. But I didn't know what to do. The fire was spreading so fast. And then the fire department and the police showed up so I hid in the trees."

That night, six years ago, came flooding back, debilitating me. I remembered watching from the trees as I saw Flynn and his mother rush out into the yard. I had been so relieved that they had made it out and then the strangest thing had happened. I had become angry. Rage coursed through my body as I watched his house smolder and burn.

Because I had f**ked up. I had ruined my life. And for what? And for who?

It was because of Flynn. I had allowed my irrational emotions to be ruled by a boy who didn't understand the devastation he had created just by caring about me.

And when the police found me hiding in the woods and questioned what I was doing there, my stupid mouth started running away from me before I could stop it.

After that, life as I knew it had been over.

All because I had something to prove. Because I wanted to forget how much I had cared about Flynn Hendrick.

So I had started hating him. It had been easier than remembering how much I loved him.

Because I had loved him. Even then.

"I was the one who set fire to your house and killed Marty. It was me, Flynn. I ruined your life. I ruined my life. It's all my fault." My chest was heaving up and down and I was having a hard time catching my breath. Now that the truth was out there I expected to feel better.

I didn't.

Because Flynn wasn't saying anything.

He continued to lay there, with his hand beneath his cheek, regarding me with steady, unreadable eyes.

I couldn't look at him any more, so I got up out of bed and went to close the sliding door. I looked out at the beach where we had walked only hours before. I had ruined everything.

I was empty and lonely.

And still he said nothing.

His silence was worse than his anger.

I almost wished he'd flip out and throw things. I wanted him to call me names and yell.

That I could deal with. I knew how to handle those sorts of reactions.

But he was doing absolutely nothing!

And I had no idea what I should do.

My phone started ringing, startling me. I looked over at Flynn and he had finally sat up, his hair sticking up all over his head. He didn't look distressed. He didn't look angry. I couldn't tell what the hell he was feeling.

I didn't want to answer the phone. I wanted to figure out what was going on between us. That was my priority.

But the incessant ringing was jarring.

"Answer it," Flynn said, pointing to where it lay on the desk.

Not wanting to make the situation worse by refusing, I picked it up and looked down, surprised to see Reggie's number flashing across the screen.

"Hello?" I said after answering.

"Oh thank god you answered!" Reggie let out in a rush.

"What is it, Reggie?" I asked, not bothering to hide my annoyance. I glanced at Flynn and he was still watching me. He never stared at me this long before and to have him do it now, after everything I had just told him, was extremely disconcerting.

"Where are you?" she asked and I realized she sounded panicky.

"Um...in Virginia, remember?"

"Shit! Shit, goddamn it! You need to get back here now!"

I had never heard Reggie like this. Tiny pricks of unease filtered there way through the numbness.

"Just tell me what's going on, Reggie," I snapped.

"It's Dania," she said quietly.

My stomach dropped to the floor.

"What's wrong with Dania?" I barked, fear setting in. We may have parted on bad terms, but Dania had been my best friend for ten years. And I cared about her. Whether I wanted to or not.

"She went into premature labor yesterday. She was with Stu, I guess and he brought her to the hospital. It was all good until she had the kid. And he wasn't breathing. They had to do CPR or something. I don't know, but it was bad."

I ran my hand down my face in agitation. "Is the baby okay?" I asked, rubbing my temples.

"I don't really know. After Dania had him, they took him away. And now they won't let her see him. A bunch of people came in here today and spoke to her and now she's freaking out. She keeps asking for you. She wouldn't calm down and a nurse had to give her a tranquilizer to get her to stop yelling."

Shit!

"It's bad, Ells. Really, really bad. Stu says they won't let her have her baby because of all the shit she did while she was pregnant. The drugs and the drinking. The kid was born with some sort of heart defect and can't breathe on his own. That he was addicted to drugs or something. They aren't sure he'll pull through. And now these people won't even let her go and see him. She's losing it, Ells. You need to get back here now. She won't see anyone but you."

I looked over at Flynn and he still hadn't moved. Murphy had woken up during my phone call and had jumped up on the bed, his head in Flynn's lap. I hated not knowing what was going on between us. But I couldn't deal with him right now. I needed to get to Dania. She needed me and I hadn't been there.

Would the guilt ever end?

"I'll get there as soon as I can. We're almost six hours away. So it'll be a while," I said and I heard Reggie's sigh of relief.

"Thank you! I just don't know what to do. And Dania doesn't even really like me. She won't talk to Stu and he told her to f**k herself and left. Shane's not answering his phone. So it's just me here and you know I hate hospitals. I hate the smell and all the people running around. I can't handle it. I need to get out of here," Reggie whispered manically into the phone and I knew she was messed up. Dania didn't need that.

"Just go home, Reggie. I'll be there soon enough and I'll take care of Dania," I assured her, knowing that's what she wanted to hear.

"Good. Okay then. I'll talk to you later." And with that, she hung up.

I tried to collect myself. I felt as though I were left dangling in the wind. I had unloaded my huge confession on Flynn, that he had still yet to respond to. I was almost positive that my honesty had cost me the most important person in my life. His silence was like the death knell for our relationship.

And before I was allowed to mourn the loss of it, I had gotten a phone call letting me know my best friend was falling apart. That she needed me.

"I have to go home," I said, grabbing my suitcase and shoving my things inside.

"What about the hotel room?" he asked.

And then it was my turn to lose it. "I don't care about the f**king hotel room! I need to get back to Wellsburg now! Dania needs me!"

I shoved the rest of my things in my suitcase.

"You're upset," Flynn said, all emotion gone from his voice. It was hard to believe that only hours before we had been wrapped up in each other. That he had touched me and I had touched him and we had connected completely.

It felt like another life.

"Yes, I'm upset, Flynn. Dania had her baby. He's sick. I need to get back and be with her," I said, trying to calm myself down. Getting worked up would only exacerbate the situation.

"Okay. We will go back," Flynn said, slowly getting out of bed.

The next twenty minutes was spent making sure Flynn had everything put back in his suitcase just as he had packed it. We didn't discuss my recent confession. It was as though the time for dealing with it had passed. In the span of minutes, the world around us had changed and we were left adrift.

We hadn't spoken more than a dozen words between us. And this time the silence wasn't comforting. It felt like the end.

Flynn insisted he could drive. He said that he had slept and wasn't tired. I was glad because I could barely keep my eyes open. I looked out the window as we drove away. I watched the ocean glowing in the moonlight and thought that the girl who had walked on the sand, dreaming of love and a new future was a total idiot.

29

-Ellie-

I fell asleep at some point during the journey back. I woke up to Flynn shaking me.

I sat up, startled. We were back in Wellsburg. It was morning already. The sun had come up and the town looked less depressing in the early light of day.

"I wasn't sure where you wanted me to take you," he said, sounding tired.

"Just take me home. I can get my car and head over to the hospital," I said, rubbing my eyes and feeling my head start to pound from nerves and lack of sleep.

Flynn cleared his throat. "I can take you to the hospital if you want. I can stay with you," he offered.

If I were in a better frame of mind I would have recognized his words for what they were. He was trying to make things right between us. He wanted to be there for me.

But my grief and guilt were destructive forces and I could only hear his dispassionate voice offering because he felt like he had to. Even though I should have known better. Flynn didn't operate like that.

I was tired and stressed and not in the mood to navigate through the impenetrable waters of Flynn Hendricks' thought process.

"Just take me home. I need to go by myself," I said. Flynn did as I asked resuming his silence. When he dropped me off, he didn't get out of the car to help me with my suitcase. He didn't walk me to the door and say goodbye. He did nothing to soothe the snarly tangles of our wounded relationship. But it wasn't really his job to do that. I had messed things up. I had done this. I couldn't let him comfort me.

I didn't deserve that.

And it was best to do it alone.

"Bye, Ellie," he said as I walked up the sidewalk toward my apartment building.

I didn't acknowledge him.

I walked into my apartment feeling years older. I jumped into the shower, hoping it would wake me up. I needed to be alert in order to deal with what was waiting for me at the hospital.

I got changed and grabbed my car keys.

I was so lost in my thoughts that I didn't see Flynn's car still sitting outside my apartment. And I didn't notice his eyes following me, watching me leave.

"I'm looking for Dania Blevins. She just gave birth," I said to the cranky receptionist at the hospital. She barely looked at me. She pointed down the hallway.

"Labor and delivery is down there. Just read the signs. That's usually a good place to start," she sneered. Someone clearly loved their job.

"Wow, thanks. And I'll make sure to let your boss know how helpful you are," I said, giving her my sweetest smile. Her mouth twisted and her eyes bulged. I wiggled my fingers in a wave as I headed down the hallway.

I found my way to labor and delivery with little trouble, no thanks to the bitchy receptionist. The birthing unit at Wellsburg General wasn't very big. The nursery was just as you came in and the four post delivery rooms lined the walls to the right.

I stopped at the glass looking into the room where the babies slept in their tiny incubators. I wondered which one was Dania's. But then I remembered Reggie saying he wasn't breathing on his own. That meant he wouldn't be with the rest of the babies. I wondered where he was.

I found Dania's room and looked inside. She was awake. Her long hair was piled into a messy bun on top of her head. She wore a non-descript hospital gown. She laid in her bed, her face turned to look out the window. She looked so small and terrified. It broke my heart.

I lightly knocked on the door. "Dania?"

She looked in my direction and while there was recognition there wasn't any response. Reggie had said Dania was insistent that I come. But she didn't seem very happy to find me there.

"Ellie," she said, her voice dead.

I walked into her room and approached the bed. She had an IV in her arm but otherwise she seemed to be physically okay. Her big belly that I had become so used to seeing was noticeably gone.

I thought about asking how she was, but that seemed like such a stupid question. I wanted to know where her baby was. What had happened to him. But I didn't dare bring it up before she was ready to tell me.

I sat down on the edge of her bed and took her hand in mine.

"I'm here now," I said softly. Her fingers curled limply between my palms. Her face was eerily blank. She looked pale and listless. We sat, not saying a word, the flickering of the television flashing against the wall.

"He's gone, Ellie," Dania muttered. I looked down at her, not sure that I heard correctly.

Big fat tears started to streak down her face, her chest heaving. "I lost him. They took him away," she shuddered on a sob.

I gripped her hand tightly. "We'll figure it out, Dania. We'll do it together," I promised.

And then she let go and started crying in earnest. She closed her eyes, her body immobile except for her shaking shoulders. I moved closer and carefully wrapped my arms around her. She held herself rigid and away from me. She didn't allow herself to take comfort. But I held her anyway, saying nothing as she wailed. I rubbed her back and ran my hand down her hair as I tried to soothe her. But nothing helped.

Dania was broken.

When she was finally able to stop crying, furiously wiped away her tears. Her eyes were bloodshot and puffy and her nose was red.

"What happened, Dania?" I asked her.

She chewed on her thumbnail and looked like she was trying not to cry again.

"I didn't know anything was wrong. I didn't know he had a heart defect! How was I supposed to know that?" she asked, sounding dangerously close to hysterical.

"Your doctor never said there was anything wrong?" I asked incredulously, not sure I believed her. I had seen been with Dania to several of her prenatal appointments. And I knew that she tended to disregard and dismiss anything she didn't want to hear.

"I don't know...maybe he did. I can't remember," she admitted. She lifted her tear stained face, her eyes pleading with me for something I couldn't give her.

"I just want to see him. I need to know he's okay. I know I f**ked up! But I need my little boy." Dania's words ended on a strangled whisper. I gripped her hand, letting her squeeze as tightly as she needed to.

I didn't say anything...pretty sure nothing could be said to make this better for her.

I was sitting with Dania later in the afternoon. I hadn't left her side except to go get her some lunch from Ma's Diner. I picked up her favorite cheese covered French fries, hoping she would eat something. She had given me a tired smile and thanked me but had pushed the box away.

Her numbness scared me. Even in high school when our foster mom had knocked her around, or after Stu had dumped her, she had never lost herself. She had retained that spark that was undeniably Dania.

But that had all changed. Her fire had gone out.

Dania had given up.

Her obstetrician, Dr. Ball, came in several times to check on her. Dr. Ball had asked me to step out of the room so he could have a look at the incision site from her C-section.

I did as I was asked and went out into the hallway. While I was waiting I saw a couple of people in professional suits talking with the nurse on duty.

Instinct told me they were here for Dania. And I was right. A few minutes later, the nurse led them down the hallway towards me. I watched as they slipped into Dania's room and closed the door. Dr. Ball and the nurse left a few minutes later, telling me I was free to go inside.

Dania's shoulders were shaking when I returned. Her hair covered her face, but I knew she was crying. One of the suits sat in the chair closest to Dania's bed. The other stood a little off to the side. They both looked up at me as I entered.

The woman in the chair gave me a strained smile. "Are you a family member?" she asked me.

"She's my sister," Dania said defiantly. She had some paperwork in her lap, the pages blotted with her tears.

"Oh, well hello. My name is Sharon Miller. I'm a caseworker for the Department of Health and Human Resources Child Protective Services Unit. I'm here to talk about Miss Blevins' baby."

"He has a name! It's Brandon!" she yelled, her tears melting away into anger. I was relieved to see some of her spark return. Angry Dania was a hell of a lot better than unemotional Dania.

Brandon.

That was the first time I had heard his name.

"Of course." Sharon Miller nodded her head and looked down at the file in her lap. "Your hearing has been scheduled for this Friday. It would behoove you to be there," she said. Who the hell says words like behoove? I wanted to smack her.

"At this time the judge will listen to the evidence and determine whether Brandon will be remanded into the care of the state for an extended period of time. I'm putting together a service plan that I will be passing on to your foster care worker. It details the criteria for visitation and possible reunification down the line. But Miss Blevins, this is serious. Your son has significant medical issues that will impact his health for the rest of his life. This is directly related to your negligence. The judge will be taking your doctor's reports into account as well as the report from the neonatal unit who are currently providing his care. You need to start thinking about where you want to go from here, and what you can do to see your son again, if that's what you want," Sharon said, her pleasant smile evaporating. Her mouth set into a firm line as she looked at Dania with barely disguised contempt.

"Wait, so Brandon is in state custody?" I asked, trying to understand exactly what Dania was facing.

I was looking at Dania who had started to cry again, her hands covering her face. Obviously I wasn't going to get any answers for her, so I turned to Sharon who nodded.

"We were notified by the pediatrician on duty after Brandon's birth. Miss Blevins was reported to be intoxicated when she arrived at the hospital and was rushed in for an emergency C-section. The unborn child was at significant risk. Brandon was born with a hole in his heart that has required surgery. His lungs are underdeveloped, given that he is three months premature. He is currently breathing through a ventilator. His condition is very grave. And while it is believed he will survive, he will have a long, difficult road ahead of him. And it is alleged that his condition is due to Miss Blevins' continued drug and alcohol use while pregnant. Brandon, aside from his defects, was also diagnosed with fetal alcohol syndrome. The state has been granted emergency custody, which is standard in cases like this. He will be found a foster home after he is strong enough to leave the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit over at Barkely General."

Sharon got to her feet and put the folder she had been holding back into her bag. Her colleague, who hadn't said a word, slipped out into the hallway. Sharon looked down at Dania, who was still crying.

"I know this is difficult for her. But she has to think long and hard about what she's going to do from here. She has the opportunity to turn this around. The department will work to provide her with the resources she needs to get counseling and parenting support. She may even be able to visit Brandon. And maybe, down the road, she will have a chance to raise him herself." Sharon's face softened a bit and I knew she wasn't a bad person. Just someone working a sad and depressing job.

"Will you make sure she's at her hearing on Friday?" she asked me.

I nodded. "I'll try," I said.

Sharon nodded and gave me a small smile. "Okay then, please let Dania know we'll be in touch," she said before walking out of the room.

I turned back to Dania. She had stopped sobbing and was now staring at the ceiling.

I walked over to her and took the paperwork from her hands. It was a legal document detailing the Department of Health and Human Resources' emergency custody of Brandon. It was stated that it was granted on the grounds of child endangerment and abuse and neglect at the hands of his biological mother, Dania Blevins. It listed her court hearing on Friday.

"Dania, are you okay?" I asked, not knowing what else to say.

She just shook her head, the tears starting up again.

"He's gone. I've lost him," she mumbled.

"But the CPS lady said you can work on getting him back. You can visit him," I reasoned.

Dania would only shake her head. "He's gone," she said again.

I sat down in the chair that Sharon, the CPS worker, had vacated only minutes before. I held Dania's hand while she cried, not sure what else I could do to help her.

30

-Ellie-

Dania stayed in the hospital for another two days. Dr. Ball informed me that Dania shouldn't be on her own when she was released in part due to her C-section recovery time. But he was concerned about her apparent post-partum depression.

Dr. Ball didn't think that she should be on her own given the trauma she had experienced. I agreed and arrangements were made for her to come home with me. It would be a tight fit in my cramped apartment, but I would make it work.

After being visited by the CPS workers, Dania refused to talk about Brandon again. Even after her discharge from the hospital and resuming of semi-normal life she wouldn't talk about it or the possibility of seeing him.

She refused to attend her hearing and made no effort to follow the service plan she had been served with. Visitation was contingent on her following the mandates set by the Department of Health and Human Resources. But she wouldn't even open the envelope when it came in the mail. It was as though she had washed her hands of the situation.

There were days I became so angry with her for giving up on her baby that I had to take a drive so I could get away from her. Otherwise I knew that I would say something that would hurt both of us.

None of our friends had come by to see her. After I had gotten her settled into my apartment, I had tried calling Reggie and Shane but neither answered the phone or returned my calls. I was being avoided. That was obvious.

I was standing in line at the grocery store, having picked up a deli sandwich and some potato chips to take home for Dania, who was still not eating regularly unless forced. I realized that Stu was standing several people ahead of me in line, two large cases of cheap beer under his arms.

"Stu!" I called out. He looked over at me and gave me a barely noticeable incline of his head before turning back to the cashier and handing her some cash. Without saying a word, he headed out of the store. I dropped my stuff and rushed after him.

"Wait, Stu! Hold up!" I called out. Stu stopped but didn't bother to turn around.

I was wheezing by the time I caught up with him. "Hey, Ellie," he said, dropping his sunglasses down over his eyes. He looked put out, as if I were keeping him from something.

"Where you headed?" I asked, looking pointedly at the beer.

"A bunch of us are hanging out at Shane's house watching football. You wanna come over?" he asked.

"Uh no, I'm heading home. You know Dania's living with me now," I said, raising my eyebrows, hoping he'd get the hint.

"Oh, okay. Well I'll see ya around," he said and started to walk around me to get to his truck.

"Hang on a second!" I hollered. Stu looked back and this time he looked really annoyed.

"It would be really cool if you came by to see Dania. I know she'd like that. Weren't you guys together again?" I asked incredulously. I knew the people I had hung out with for the last ten years were selfish ass**les. I guess I just never realized exactly how much.

I honestly thought that Stu would have been by to see Dania, considering their history. Even if I had always suspected he was missing a few key emotional components, I thought he'd make some sort of effort.

I had been very, very wrong.

"Why? So she can scream at me again? So she can flip the f**k out? I've had it with Dania's drama. It ain't even my kid," he said dismissively.

"But, you've known Dania for almost ten years!" I argued, getting angry. "I knew you were always a dick, but I thought just maybe you'd be less dickish for Dania's sake. She could really use her friends right now," I said, trying to suppress the urge to inflict bodily harm.

Stu shrugged and opened up his truck door, putting the beer on the passenger seat. "I wish her luck and all, but I don't need that shit in my life. There are plenty of bitches in the sea. No sense in straddling myself with one who has a kid and issues. No f**king thank you. So you're more than welcome to swing by when you're done playing babysitter. But if you're just gonna be a bitch, stay away. We don't need the buzz kill." Before I could say anything else, Stu hopped up into his truck and drove away.

I never mentioned to Dania that I had run into Stu. What would have been the point? And she never mentioned the fact that our so-called friends never bothered to come by. If she noticed, she didn't say anything.

It was hard to tell if she cared or not. It was impossible to know if she cared about anything anymore. Because she had gone into complete shut down. Nothing and no one mattered.

Except me.

She became clingy and tearful and I knew I couldn't leave her alone. Despite everything she had done, everything she had said in the past, none of that counted now. Because she was suffering. And I couldn't turn my back on her.

My life became consumed with helping her. Taking care of her. Trying to get her to put her life back together. She was incapable of doing anything for herself, her hollowness crippling her.

I tried to convince her to go to her doctor to get some medication but she insisted she didn't need it. Even as she fell further and further into the black pit of her depression.

And she was taking me with her.

Because my entire life became focused on Dania and her issues. There was no room for anything else. My needs had been put on the backburner.

The life I had been building was flushed down the toilet and I found myself right back where I started.

Stuck and alone.

I woke up every single morning thinking about Flynn. I wanted to call him. I wanted to see him. I wanted to hold him and touch him again. But it seemed the longer I went without doing any of those things, the easier it became to convince myself that he was better off. That the only thing I could give him was pain.

After telling him that it was me who had burned down his house, I could never expect us to have a relationship built on anything other than distrust.

I knew I was being a coward by not at least talking to him, but the more time that went by, I became certain that there was no future for us. And it was easier to avoid him than to face the condemnation I was sure I would see on his face.

Numb and hard Ellie McCallum was fighting to make a comeback. The newly soft and cuddly Ellie McCallum was fighting just as much to hang on. And they were both miserable.

So even though I missed him so bad it was like a physical ache, I never called him. I never allowed my car to drive the familiar road to his house. But I could stop my heart from loving him or my mind from thinking about him.

There were some things I just couldn't control.

And he it wasn't as though he had tried to contact me either. And even though I knew, deep down, he was taking his cues from me, that perhaps he was feeling a rejection just as devastating as my own, it hurt that he hadn't bothered.

As the weeks passed and the holidays came and went without a word, I realized I had ruined my chance at happiness. And now I was lost.

Because my life officially sucked.

I lived with a sliver of hope that Dania would snap out of it. That one day she'd wake up and be the old bitchy drama queen she used to be. But that never happened. And every day I felt more and more trapped because of it.

I tried not to resent her. But it was difficult. And the longer I went without speaking to Flynn the less bright and shiny my future became.

After the holidays, I started my new classes at Black River Community College. I had thought about dropping out, not sure school had any place in my life now. But the small campus was the only place I could pretend I was okay. But my excitement about school had waned and now I was just going through the motions.

Kara had invited me to go out a few times but I was less inclined to start a friendship that would go nowhere. Eventually she stopped asking. Even though she was still nice enough, a definite chill had taken the place of her easy candor.

I became more and more isolated, reverting back to the Ellie I had once been. It was like putting on a pair of shoes that I had outgrown. I wanted to wiggle my toes but they were tight and restrained.

I tried not to look for Flynn on campus. I tried like hell to pretend he wasn't there at all. Repression had always worked so well for me in the past, this should be a piece of cake, right? I had once pushed my feelings for him away; I could do it again.

But my heart had evolved since the last time I had let him into my life and then discarded him. It wasn't my heart to close off anymore. Flynn owned it. He owned me. And there was no getting rid of him.

Dania's depression was catching. I found myself falling into a sad cycle of working at JAC's, coming home and tending to Dania, and going to school. I rarely talked to anyone. I had given up. Just as Dania had.

We had lost ourselves.

I thumbed through the trashy magazine, counting down until I could get out of there. JAC's was a little busier than normal but it wasn't enough to stave off the boredom. I tried to stifle my jaw splitting yawn and wished I could prop open my eyelids.

I had been sleeping on my second-hand couch for months. I had never noticed how uncomfortable it was until I was forced to make it my bed. I spent most of the night tossing and turning, trying to find a position that didn't involve a coil digging into my back.

I covered my mouth on another yawn and rubbed my eyes. The bell above the door dinged and I cringed, wishing Jeb would get it fixed already.

I felt the presence of someone standing on the other side of the counter and rolled my eyes. I was not in a help the customers kind of mood so I didn't even bother to lift my head.

"Can I help you?" I asked snidely, yawning again.

"I hope so," a voice said and I froze. My head jerked up and I met a pair of green eyes I hadn't seen in almost two months.

Flynn, wearing his typical khakis and crisp, long-sleeved button down shirt. His brown hair was in a perfect mess and my fingers itched to touch him. To brush the strands back from his forehead.

What was he doing here?

My heart sped up the longer I sat there, looking at him. My tongue was ice in my mouth and my lips couldn't form words. My eyes drank in the sight of him, dizzy on the rush of being in his presence again after all this time.

It felt like forever since we had gone to the beach together, but I had thought about it every night as I tried to go to sleep. The bittersweet memory was the only thing to put a smile on my face anymore. So much had changed that it felt like those smiles and memories belonged to another person in another life.

Flynn was staring at the counter but I could see his hands balled into fists at his side. He wasn't rubbing them together but I could still tell he was agitated.

"You never came," he said, startling me.

"What?" I asked, shocked by the vicious anger in his voice.

"You left and never came back. I've been waiting for you to come. But you haven't. Why?"

I had both longed and dreaded for this moment. But in my head it never played out quite like this. I had thought myself prepared for his hurt accusations, but I hadn't counted on the tortured pain on his face.

How could he feel sad over not seeing me after everything I told him?

"I just, well, Dania isn't well. And honestly, I thought you wouldn't want to see me," I said lamely. I sounded pathetic. My excuse ringing falsely in my ears.

"Why wouldn't I want to see you?" he demanded, frowning.

"After what I told you, why would you want to see me?" I countered.

"You never let me talk about any of it. You just left. You never called. You never came by the studio. Why would you do that?" he demanded. He was angry. I could see the vein popping on the side of his neck.

The bell dinged above the door again as several people walked inside.

"This isn't the time to talk about this, Flynn," I said quietly, trying not to cause a scene.

Flynn slammed his hand down on the counter. "When is the time to talk about this? Because you're doing the exact same thing you did to me in high school! You said you were sorry for that! Why are you doing this to me?" He sounded agonized and I felt myself swaying under the weight of his unhappiness.

"You're not upset about what I told you? You don't hate me for telling you what I did?" I asked, still trying to keep my voice down. We were getting a lot of attention. It seemed that suddenly, JAC's was the busiest it had been in weeks. People weren't even trying to hide the fact that they were staring.

"I'm upset, Ellie! Because you won't talk to me! Because you always hurt me! You make it so hard to love you!" he yelled and I flinched.

I felt like I should just tattoo I'm sorry on my forehead with the amount of times I said it. I was tired and exhausted and had no real excuse for avoiding him. Except that my guilt and self-loathing had made a nasty reappearance.

"Flynn..." I began but his hand shot out and knocked over the stand of lottery ticket. It fell to the floor with a smash. Everyone was now staring openly.

"Just leave me alone!" he screamed and practically ran from the store.

I looked at the people gawking and then to Flynn's quickly retreating form as he rushed down the sidewalk, away from me.

I didn't cry. I didn't scream like I wanted to. Instead I calmly came out from behind the counter and slowly picked up the knocked over lottery tickets. The familiar numbness spreading and taking over. Soft and cuddly Ellie began her steady retreat behind impenetrable walls.

Flynn wanted me to leave him alone. And even as I vowed to do just that, his words still pierced the newly formed ice around my heart.

31

-Flynn-

Many years ago...

I went back to school. Mom said I had to finish the year out and then we would move away. That I would never have to live in Wellsburg again.

But Wellsburg was my home.

I liked it.

It's where Ellie was.

Or where she used to be.

But I never saw her again.

She stopped coming to school.

I heard people saying that she went to jail. I didn't understand why she would go to jail.

Jail was for bad people. Ellie was mean sometimes, but she wasn't bad.

People were looking at me a lot now. More than they used to. I knew they were talking about me as well.

It made me angry and anxious. I didn't like people looking at me. Or talking about me.

Stu and Dania were still calling me names. They had gotten worse. They said it was all my fault. I didn't know what they were talking about.

I wanted to ask them where Ellie was but they scared me. I didn't want to talk to them.

Mom and I were living in an apartment until we could move. I asked her if they ever caught who set fire to our house and killed Marty. She said yes. That they had gotten into a lot of trouble.

I asked who it was. Mom said I didn't know them. She wouldn't look at me when she said that. It made me nervous.

I couldn't sleep in the new apartment. I hated the small rooms and the kitchen smelled weird. I wanted to go back to the house in the woods. I wanted to live there again.

Mom said we wouldn't live there anymore. That made me angry. But I didn't throw things. I slammed the door to my room and screamed into a pillow. But it didn't make me feel better.

Everyone was talking at school. I heard people saying Ellie's name. Then they'd look at me. They were always looking at me.

Two girls were talking in English class about the fire at my house. It made me sad to think about it. To think about Marty who had died. One of the girls said that Ellie had gone to jail because she had burned my house down.

And I had yelled at them and said that wasn't true. They didn't laugh at me when I yelled but they moved to other seats.

I ran out of the class. I had never been so mad before. Those girls said Ellie burned my house down.

Did she?

I went to the bathroom and started to scream. I couldn't stop.

The principal came and called my mom.

She came and got me and took me home. I was so upset. I asked her if Ellie burned down our house. She didn't say anything.

Ellie burned my house down.

My dog had died in the fire.

I hurt inside. It felt like I had eaten glass. I felt pain and knew it was because of Ellie.

I felt really, really bad.

Why would she burn down my house?

I wanted to talk to her but she had gone to jail for kids. She had gotten into trouble. A girl named Reggie told me that Ellie had been sent away. She had spit on me and told me it was my fault.

But I didn't want Ellie to be sent away. I didn't like thinking about her in jail. I wondered if she was feeling bad too?

I wanted to see Ellie.

But I never did.

And then we moved.

But I always thought about her.

And after a while it stopped hurting when I remembered.

32

-Ellie-

And the months kept passing...

Days, weeks, months marched along, oblivious to my desperate desire to stop them.

I felt like I was living my life on an endless loop.

Hope, happiness, possibility...it was all gone.

Vanished like a popped bubble. Lost when Flynn yelled at me to leave him alone.

But even the numbness only lasted so long and then that too disappeared and I was left with something so much worse.

Regret.

Winter faded into spring and the world kept moving on. So why was I stuck in the past?

I slipped the tiny sand castle Flynn had given me into my pocket as I got ready that morning. I never left the house without it. I tried so hard to pretend that losing him hadn't ruined me...but that one simple act called me a liar.

There was no coming back from loving Flynn Hendrick.

Ever.

I was supposed to be attending a study group in a few hours. I was trying to prep for my end of the semester essay.

As the rest of my life fell back into stasis, school continued to be my only escape. For the longest time after Flynn and I parted ways and Dania had moved in, I thought I had lost my enthusiasm for it.

But I had been wrong. Some things had changed within me that couldn't be undone.

My illogical (and impossible) dream of becoming something better was one of them.

My love for Flynn was the other.

Neither had abandoned me even when, in the depths of my self-destruction, I had hoped they would.

The post office was empty when I walked in. I headed to my tiny box back in the farthest corner. I opened it and pulled out the pile of magazines and useless junk mail. This would teach me to check it with a lot more regularity.

I stood there, sorting through everything. Most of it ended up in the trash. There were a few items for Dania that I tucked into my bag.

I picked up the last piece of mail and frowned at the return address.

It was from the College of Baltimore.

My stomach flipped over as I held it. I remember when I had, on a whim, applied to a few schools. I had been high on the changes in my life and thought why not? I had Flynn in my corner telling me to do it. I had my professor saying I had a gift. Hope had been new and exciting.

But that had been before real life stuff stomped all over my smiley, happy hope with huge shit kickers.

I didn't expect an acceptance. The several others I had already received were what I had anticipated. Rejection. I was all too familiar with it.

But this one felt different.

There was some weight to it.

Did I dare to believe again?

Or was it time to finally let my dreams go?

Fate obviously had other plans.

With trembling fingers, I tore open the letter. The envelope fell to the floor and I didn't even bother to pick it up. It was a packet of information. A glossy brochure showing pretty manicured lawns and impressive brick buildings stared back at me. I pulled the letter with my name to the top of the pile, my eyes skimming its contents.

Congratulations! It is my pleasure to inform you...

What?

I blinked several times, almost certain my eyes were playing tricks on me and I read it again. The words didn't change.

I had been accepted to the College of Baltimore. In Maryland. Over three hundred miles away.

I could barely breathe.

It seemed almost cruel to hand me something like this at a time when it felt that it was impossible to take.

I shoved the packet of information back into the pile of mail and closed the door to my post office box. I walked back across the street, feeling both heavy and light at the same time.

I walked into the apartment surprised to find Dania up and making herself something to eat.

"Hey, you!" Dania called out with more energy than I had heard from her in months.

"Hey," I called back, walking into the kitchen.

"What are you doing?" I asked, curious about what she was stirring around in the pot on the stove.

"I'm making soup. I was hungry and I figured I'd make enough for both of us. Want some?" she asked, smiling.

"Uh, sure," I replied, wondering what was going on. Dania had barely gotten out of her pajamas in ages and now she was standing in my kitchen making freaking soup.

Dania ladled some into a bowl and handed it to me. I held it like it was a ticking time bomb. Thoughtful Dania made me nervous.

We took our soup into the living room and sat down on the couch.

"I saw Brandon yesterday," she said, her face guarded but her eyes gave everything away. I saw a peaceful contentment there I had never seen from her before.

"You did?" I asked, shocked. I had been at school and then worked most of the evening. When I had finally gotten home, Dania had already been in bed. But she hadn't mentioned a thing all week about going to see him. I had long since grown convinced that she had no plans to ever see her son. The service plan paperwork still sat in its envelope on the counter, unopened.

Dania nodded. "He's going to be released from the NICU tomorrow. I've been talking to Randa, his foster care worker, and she had suggested I go to see him. I didn't want to at first. But she convinced me it would be good for me. She picked me up yesterday morning and took me to Barkley."

"How was he?" I asked, hardly able to believe what I was hearing.

"He was tiny and perfect and absolutely beautiful," she said softly.

"Does this mean you'll do the stuff in your service plan? That you're going to work to get him back?" I asked.

Dania put her bowl down on the coffee table and brought her legs up to her chest, wrapping her arms around them.

"No, I'm not," she said.

I put my bowl down beside hers and stared at her blankly, not understanding.

"What are you saying?" I asked her.

Dania's silent tears began to fall, soaking into the knees of her jeans. Her face was scrubbed clean and I realized it had been a long time since I had seen her with make up. She no longer dressed like she was headed to work on a street corner. She had gotten rid of her short skirts and slutty halter-tops in exchange for sweat pants and T-shirts. She looked a lot younger, but her eyes gave her away. They held a pain and awareness that looked a lot like what I saw when I looked in the mirror.

"I'm not cut out to be a mother. Look what I've already done to him," she said sadly.

"But that doesn't mean you can't learn, Dania. That's what the service plan is for. To help you become the mother he needs you to be," I argued.

Dania shook her head, wiping her cheeks with the back of her hand. "It's not fair to Brandon, Ells. I don't know that I'll ever be the sort of mother that he deserves. He needs someone who will put him first, always. I can't do that. You know I'm not capable of being someone's mother. Fuck, I can barely take care of myself," she snapped.

"But you could..." I started but she lifted her hand, silencing me.

"I know what you're doing, Ellie, and while I appreciate it, it's unnecessary. You're a good friend. A better friend than I've ever been to you. After everything I've done, here you are, letting me invade your life and your space after I said all of that horrible stuff to you. Stuff that I didn't really mean. It was mostly my own insecure bull crap. I've always been jealous of you, Ells. I always knew you were better than this. But I was too scared to lose you. I wanted you to be just as stuck and miserable as I was. Like I said, I'm a shitty friend. Always have been."

Well, I wasn't going to argue with her. She had been a shitty friend. Her confession didn't surprise me, but the fact that she had given it did. And I couldn't forget about the things she had done for me.

"Yeah, you've been pretty bitchy, but you were also the only person to see me in juvie. You helped me get on my feet when I got out. You were there, Dania. Don't forget about that," I told her.

Dania sighed and unfolded her legs. "The point is I'm incapable of really loving anyone. Hell, I don't even love myself. So what chance does that baby have with a mother like me?"

"So what are you going to do?" I asked her.

"I'm signing over my parental rights. Since I don't know who his father is, it's only me that stands in the way of Brandon having a really good home. A better one than you or I ever had. After seeing him, it became real. I couldn't shove my head in the sand anymore and hope it would all go away. And I couldn't stomach the thought of him going into the system and ending like me. Or worse, eventually coming to live with me and I wouldn't be able to handle it. What if I left him the way my mom left me? I can't do that to him! Randa says they will be able to find him a good home. That he will be with parents who love him and want him." Dania sniffled and wiped her nose.

My eyes were stinging with tears, hardly able to believe what I was hearing.

Dania was giving up her baby. And she was doing it for completely selfless reasons.

I reached out and took her hand and gave it a squeeze. "I know this hurts, Dania. And you still have time to change your mind, you know," I said.

"No, this is the right thing to do for Brandon. I won't change my mind," she said emphatically. I held her hand for a while and then she gave me a watery smile.

"The next step is to get out of your hair. I know I have to be driving you nuts. I need to get my own place and figure out what I'm going to do. And then I'm going to burn all of my pajamas. I never want to see them again," she said and I laughed.

"I'll build the fire," I teased.

Dania smoothed down her hair. It was a relief to see her finally snapping out of her funk. And to see her coming out of it better than I had ever seen her before. Seeing her son had done something to her. It had changed her.

She picked up the pile of mail and started going through it. "What's this?" she asked, holding up my acceptance letter. I reached out and tried to take it from her.

"It's nothing," I said but she pulled it out of my grasp.

"It doesn't look like nothing, Ells. It says it's from the College of Baltimore. And it says congratulations on the top. What is it?" she asked, frowning at me.

It was my turn to sigh deeply.

"I got accepted to go to school there," I told her. Dania stared down at the letter, reading it.

"This says you're eligible for financial assistance. That the government can help you pay for it. Is that right?" she asked, pointing at the words I had already read.

I shrugged. "I guess so. I'm just not sure I want to go."

"And why not?" she demanded me, sounding angry.

"Why are we talking about this at all? Drop it!" I warned her.

Dania's eyes flashed. I hadn't seen her this worked up in a long time. The last few months she had been asleep. Now I was seeing her finally wake up back up.

"I will not f**king drop it! Don't you dare use me as an excuse for you not doing what you want to do!" she hissed.

"I'm not blaming you," I argued.

"The hell you're not. You've been walking around on eggshells for months. Treating me like a god damned two-year old!"

"Because you've been acting like a damn two-year old! I couldn't exactly leave you when you could barely get out of bed!" I yelled, getting angry.

"Well I'm telling you to leave! I don't want your help! I certainly don't need it! I'm going to get my shit sorted. So go off to your boyfriend, tell him you're going to school and you're leaving me and this shit hole behind!" she yelled back.

"Don't tell me what to do!" I muttered petulantly, making Dania snort.

"You don't need to stick around because of me. I'm not disabled. Ride off into your cherry f**king sunset. Live your fancy schmancy life, go to school, and be better than the rest of us. You know you want to." Dania rolled her eyes.

And I knew what she was doing.

She was giving me her blessing. Even if she being the biggest bitch on the planet in order to do it.

"Fine! I will!" I huffed, going along, knowing this made it easier for Dania to let me go.

"Good, because I'm sick of living with you. I need my own space," Dania grabbed the bowls off the coffee table and stomped into the kitchen. I heard a crash as she slammed them into the sink.

Dania's unexpected encouragement had renewed my hope. And she was right. I was using her as an excuse because I was scared. Isn't that what it always came back to? My fear?

With the threads tying me here loosening and letting me go, I knew there was someone I still had to see. Someone who I had let down and disappointed but was the only person I wanted to share this accomplishment with, in spite of everything. I didn't even know if he would see me. He may yell at me and tell me to leave.

But I needed to see Flynn. Because of anyone, I knew he had wanted this to me almost more than I had wanted it myself.

I picked up my acceptance letter and folded it up, putting it in my pocket. I poked my head into the kitchen. Dania was scrubbing the dishes, using a bit more force than was necessary.

"Hey," I called out. Dania didn't turn around, but she stopped her vicious scrubbing.

"I'm heading out. But...thanks," I said and left the kitchen, hoping she knew exactly what I was thanking her for.

I was thanking her for being the friend I needed her to be.

"You're welcome," I heard Dania say softly as I walked out the door.

33

-Ellie-

The drive to Flynn's house felt longer than normal. It had been months since he had come into JAC's and had screamed at me to leave him alone. I thought a lot about the look on his face and it would cut me each and every time.

His pain and anger had forced me to keep my distance. I thought it was the right thing to do. I had been wrong. I should never have let a single day pass without seeing him.

I was an idiot.

An idiot who wasn't sure I'd be able to repair the damage caused by my pride and urge to self-destruct.

Spring was in the air and heading up the long drive way to Flynn's house I could see the blossoms on the apple tree and the daffodils lining the side of the road.

I saw Flynn's car and knew he was home. My palms were slick on the steering wheel as I parked. I sat in the driver's seat for a long time, trying to think of exactly what I came here to say.

I'm a dumbass. Forgive me?

Or how about please excuse my chronic case of ruineverythingitis. I'm all better now. Give me another chance?

A knock on the window almost gave me a heart attack. I looked up to see Flynn peering down at me; his head cocked to the side, his brow furrowed.

I rolled down the window.

"Hi," I said, my mouth dry.

"Are you going to get out the car?" he asked, direct and blunt as always.

I bit down on my lip so I wouldn't smile and pulled my keys out of the ignition. I climbed out of my car and was almost barreled over by Murphy, who was extremely happy to see me.

"Hiya, boy!" I gasped as he planted his giant paws into the middle of my stomach. His tongue lolled out of his mouth and his tail wagged frantically. I scratched behind his ears and he leaned into my hand.

"He missed you," Flynn said. I looked at him but he wasn't smiling. His face was blank, not giving anything away.

"Yeah," was all I could say.

"Why are you here?" he asked, not giving me anytime to get my bearings. I dropped my hand from the top of Murphy's head.

"To see you," I told him honestly.

"Why?" he asked, his frown deepening.

"Because I needed to," I replied, my hands starting to shake.

Flynn didn't say anything for a long time. Time seemed to freeze as we stood there, neither sure of the other's intentions.

"I was wrong, Flynn. I was so very wrong. Can we talk?" I asked.

Flynn shook his head. "You hurt me, Ellie. You always hurt me. You need to go," he said, dropping his head and staring at the ground.

This was usually a clear indicator that I shouldn't push him. But I couldn't leave. Not now.

"Please, Flynn. I don't want to hurt you. I want to talk to you. And then if you want me to leave, I will," I promised.

Flynn turned around and started walking back to the house. I wasn't sure if I should follow him. Murphy sat at my feet, looking after Flynn, clearly as confused as I was.

"Come on Murphy. You too, Ellie," he called back. And then, without bothering to wait for me to catch up, he went into the house.

Murphy and I followed after him.

Flynn was in the kitchen slicing up some banana bread when I walked inside. He handed me a plate, which I took without thinking. "I just made it. Eat," he said, my mouth watering from the rich homey smell.

"Thanks," I said, standing awkwardly while Flynn began to scarf down his bread. I wasn't hungry. My stomach was twisted in knots.

Flynn let the silence hang there, never bothered by quiet the way others were. Under normal circumstances I would allow myself to fall into the ease of it. But this was anything but normal circumstances.

"I'm sorry, Flynn," I said.

"We say that a lot to each other. You and me. It's always I'm sorry. I'm tired of being sorry. Why can't we just be nice to each other so we don't have to say it all the time?" he asked and I was struck mute by his statement.

Because he was right.

And then he went on and if I had been shocked by his word before, nothing prepared me for what he said next.

"You burned my house down. I knew that already. I knew that after you did it. Reggie told me you had gone to jail because of it. My mom wouldn't tell me. And I was mad for a long time. I cried a lot after I found out. But then we moved away and I stopped hurting so much. I don't know if it's because we weren't in Wellsburg or if I had started to forgive you. But one day I wasn't mad at you anymore. And then all I could remember when I thought about you was watching television and eating banana bread and laughing at stupid jokes. I would think of you smiling and it made me happy."

I sat down heavily on one of the kitchen chairs. His forgiveness, so easily given, humbled me.

"You knew?" I asked softly, clarifying the truth.

Flynn nodded, eating another bite of his banana bread. "I don't know why you told me that when we were at the beach. And then you stopped talking to me. I didn't understand. I know I don't get a lot but I thought we enjoyed being together. You told me you loved me. And then you were gone. I don't like feeling that way, Ellie. I'm tired of feeling mad and sad and wanting to hit things. Kevin says that good relationships are based on communication. I want to communicate with you. I want us to be happy." He carried on calmly, not raising his voice. He was rote and monotone as though reciting the Pledge of Allegiance. But I knew every word...every syllable, was absolute.

"I like it when you're here. I like listening to you play the guitar and try to sing even though you have a horrible voice. I like riding in the car with you, even when you ask me to turn off my music. And I wouldn't mind, because I'd rather hear you talk than listen to The Cure." I was crying in earnest now, too overwhelmed to say anything. Flynn watched my face closely and then he slowly reached out and took my hand. He wrapped his hand around mine. It was safe and warm and exactly where I wanted to be.

"I don't want you to stop talking to me because I hear everything you say. And I like sleeping next to you and holding your hand. It makes my heart beat fast when I touch you. I've only ever felt that way with you, Ellie."

I pushed my plate away and leaned across the table. "I like all those things too and I hate how I've been. But I'm messed up, Flynn. I have a lot of issues. And those issues hurt. Not only me but you too. I don't know how to stop it, but I do know that I want to be with you."

I pulled out the letter from the College of Baltimore. I laid it on the table and put my hand on top. "I got this in the mail today. I was accepted to a school in Maryland. They say I can start in the fall. I want to do it," I said, watching him the whole time.

I moved my hand and let him pull the paper towards him. He was silent while he read it but the smile on his face filled me with an immeasurable joy.

"You're going to college," he said, still not looking up.

"I'm going to college," I repeated.

"To Maryland. That's a long way away," he murmured.

"Not if you go with me," I said quietly, giving voice to my deepest hope. I didn't want to take this step without him. I wasn't sure I could do it if Flynn wasn't there beside me. I needed him. I wanted him with me.

Flynn was quiet, still looking at the letter. But finally he looked up and met my eyes and I saw how happy he was. He got to his feet and stood over me. He reached down and held out his hands. I carefully put mine in his and he pulled me to my feet.

"I like hearing you talk, Ellie. But not now." Flynn's eyes were hard and serious.

I opened my mouth to ask him what he was talking about. I had a sick sense of dread that he was throwing me out of his house. And his life.

And then what would I do?

Before I could say anything, Flynn's mouth came down on mine. Hard lips and desperate tongue as he fought his way passed my teeth. I gasped in surprise and pulled away slightly.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

Flynn shook his head. "Don't talk," he whispered and kissed me again.

My mind was spinning on overload. I had come to Flynn house expecting to hash things out. To either give us closure or to start again.

What I hadn't anticipated was to have my clothes ripped off by a frantic Flynn. He pulled me into the living room. We couldn't even make it upstairs to his bedroom. He savagely ripped his shirt as he tried to undo the buttons.

His violence shocked me but I didn't have time to think about it because he was pulling my shirt over my head. His hands were everywhere. My body arched into him, craving what he was giving me.

"I love you, Flynn," I whispered in his ear as we came together again after so many months apart. The words flew out of me, desperate for him to know. That I always had. I would never stop.

"I hear you," Flynn said, his eyes closed as he pressed into me.

He placed his lips on my temple, breathing me in. His hands were splayed along my back, his fingers holding me together. I shattered beneath him.

Our roles in each other's lives had been to every extreme.

Bully and victim.

Friend.

Champion.

Lover.

When I had met Flynn Hendrick as an angry and bitter fifteen-year-old girl, I hadn't been ready for the emotions he caused me to feel. I had fought against them even as I ran straight towards him.

I had never been a believer of fate. I was of the mindset that I was in charge of my destiny, however crappy it was. Not some faceless void that threw things in your way just to mess with you.

But staring up at Flynn, his face open and happy, how could I not believe in a force that brought him into my world?

I had been slowly dying for all these years and he brought me back to life.

He taught me that being Ellie McCallum was okay. Because she was flawed and troubled. But she was also smart and capable and worthy of love.

Flynn kissed my mouth tenderly after we were finished. I waited for him to move away from me. He didn't like the feeling of sweaty, sticky skin. But he stayed where he was, his head lying heavily on my naked chest, his hair tickling my nose.

I felt his body let out a big sigh and my heart tripped over itself.

Some instinct made me nervous.

"Are you okay?" I asked, kissing the top of his head, breathing in his scent, something telling me that I should memorize him and this moment. So I would have it for later.

Flynn rubbed his cheek along the curve of my breast, his arms tightening around me.

"I can't go with you," he said.

I tried to sit up and pull away but he was too heavy and kept me pinned to the couch.

"What are you saying?" I demanded. I had been feeling so peaceful, as if the pieces of my life were finally starting to fit together. Now I was in danger of losing it all before I even had it.

Flynn turned his face so that he was looking up at me, his eyes not shying away.

"You know I can't. I live here. In Wellsburg. It's too hard for me to leave. I would only make it harder for you. You would end up getting mad at me. You would wish I hadn't come with you. I went to college, Ellie. Now it's your turn."

I shook my head. "No, Flynn. I want you to come! I would never feel that way! I can't do this without you!" I cried.

Flynn frowned. "Yes, you can. You don't need me there."

"But I want you there!" I sobbed, feeling the weight of his refusal in the pit of my stomach.

"I'm going to stay here and be a teacher." I stopped crying and blinked at him in shock. He had taken the job at the community college?

Flynn traced the curve of my lips with his finger, a sad, tender smile on his face.

"I have to do this for me. You're not the only one that needs to learn stuff. I'll just learn my stuff here." He said and I could here the resolution in his voice. There would be no changing his mind.

"You took the job?" I asked. As miserable as I was to hear that he wouldn't be coming with me, I was happy to hear this.

Flynn nodded. "So if I'm going to do something that scares me. So should you. That's what you taught me. That I should still do the things that freak me out. Just because they freak me out. And that I'll be okay. Better even. And so will you."

Who was this rational guy?

"Don't cry, Ellie!" Flynn said firmly and I wanted to scream at him. Why was he doing this? Now? After making me think we had a shot? I didn't think Flynn was capable of such cruelty.

But then I realized what he was trying to say. And even though I felt my heart splinter, I knew that he wasn't trying to break it. He was setting me free. Just as Dania had done.

Though I didn't want him to let me go.

Not ever.

"I can't do this without you, Flynn. Please. Just think about it!" I pleaded. And even though I felt selfish for saying it, it was true. He had become my strength. He held me up and kept me going. I wasn't sure I could do this if he wasn't beside me.

Flynn shook his head and he pulled himself off me. I thought he was trying to get some physical distance and was surprised when he pulled me into his lap.

"You can do this. And you will. I can't go with you. I can't leave Wellsburg. I have things to do here. This is my home. This is where I'm making my life. And it's not your home anymore. You want to go away. You want to leave. And that makes me sad. But I'm happy too. Because you will be going to school and that's something you want to do. And I'll be here if you ever want to come back."

"Can't your home be with me?" I shook in his arms.

Flynn ran his nose along my hair. "You need to make a home out there first," was all he said and I knew his mind was made up. And when Flynn made up his mind, there was no changing it.

And a tiny part of me that wasn't being drowned by my grief, understood what he was doing. I needed to have the opportunity to create a life of my own. Without baggage. Without people and circumstances tying me down.

What Flynn didn't understand was he would never be my baggage. He's the one that took all of it away.

"Won't you miss me?" I asked, sounding like a child. But I couldn't help it. I knew that Flynn needed to stay. And that I needed to go. I wish just for once the universe would allow us to be together the way we were supposed to be.

But maybe that wasn't our fate.

Some people came into your life and they changed it completely and then they slipped out of it again before you could grab ahold of them.

And their presence motivates you and strengthens you and devastates you all at the same time.

"I missed you after my house burned down. I missed you after we came back from the beach and you stopped talking to me. And I'll miss you when you go to school. But I know that one day I won't need to miss you anymore because you'll come back and find me again."

"I will?" I asked, laying my cheek on his chest and hearing the rhythmic thump of his heart beneath me. It was sure and steady, just like him. And it loved me completely.

"You will. Because you'll miss me too." Flynn kissed the top of my head and then we were quiet. And just like always the silence said everything that words couldn't.

I was determined that my fate would bring me back to him.

There was no other option.

As Flynn held me, my tears dried up, my grief subsided and I was left with only joy.

And when the time came for me to leave, I was no longer broken.

I was whole.

Epilogue

-Ellie-

Many years later...

I left Wellsburg, West Virginia. My car loaded with the few worldly items I possessed. It wasn't much. A few clothes. My old tattered suitcase.

And Flynn's sculptures.

I drove to Maryland and started school. My future dawning bright and full.

I was scared.

I was nervous.

I doubted myself every day.

But Flynn never let me give up.

He gave me the strength to keep on going.

So I stayed in Maryland.

And he stayed in West Virginia.

We were separated by miles but had never been closer.

People who shared a connection like ours were never that far apart.

We missed each other every second.

Until the day came and we didn't have to miss each other any more.

Because I went back to Wellsburg and found him again, just as he knew I would.

And then our story truly began...

THE BEGINNING...

