Preface

I used to believe in things, in people, in places, and names-concrete forms of life that end at some point in the unknowable future. I used to believe memories were infallible-that they could never collapse around you like a house of cards or burn to cinders before ever touching the ground.

People vanish all the time. Other people. You hear about it on the news, see their smiling faces staring back at you on milk cartons-their pictures plastered around town like wanted posters. But it was a world within a world, and you innately knew this could never really happen.

I used to believe in death. I used to believe once they put you in that box and tucked you away for one very long night, it was finished. The sunlight, fresh air, a warm embrace, they would never be yours again. It was the final vanishing act-your curtain pulled down and covering your casket. That was the day it would all start anew. Staring into the face of God, awaiting your final judgment.

But I was wrong about everything.

I had my name, my life, and my eternal judgment revoked in one passing hour at the hands of madmen who share my bloodlines.

They took everything but my memory. They tried and failed, and now I'm nothing more than a liability-a spark in a bed of dried timber, waiting to unleash an inferno. I don't know how long I can go before they stop me or if they even care.

I used to believe so easily, and now I strain the most insignificant details from each passing day as if they were poison.

I know one solid truth. Everything about this new world is a lie.

I'm going to infiltrate their ranks-dismantle their kingdom-take them down until they all vanish, evaporate like smoke from the planet. I plan to erase any memory of them as if they had never happened.

Or I'll die trying.

And I just might.

1

In Memory of Me

In the grand scheme of things, you'll be dead a lot longer than you'll ever be alive.

I marinate in that truth, baste in the beauty of its wisdom while peering out at the dull emerald world. I fumble through dense woods with roots that race across the forest floor like wild, petrified snakes. Wisps of lamp-lit fog twist throughout the narrow trails as gnarled branches coil around the evergreens.

Something stirs from behind, disrupts the silence with the heavy crush of leaves. I jump-startled, as though waking from a very bad dream. My chest thumps in rhythm to the pounding in my head.

"Hello?" I call out.

I try to remember how I got here. The last solid memory I have is driving to my boyfriend Tucker's house to rip him a new one for sleeping with Megan Bartlett, a girl I know from volleyball. I was distracted with rage, the light turned green, and I never saw the other car coming. Then the crash-I remember kissing the windshield as I bristled through it at a horrific velocity.

A groan emits from the branches-more rattling.

My feet crush over a bed of dried maple leaves, filling in the haunting void of silence.

A hard thud lands square behind me, and I turn slow on my heels.

It would have been understandable to see a deer, a bear, or even another human being. But this...

A whimper gets caught in my throat and drowns out the idea of a scream. My heart seizes and I freeze.

It's a man-a thing, his grey skin decomposed beyond recognition, exposing dried muscle over bone, one eye missing, teeth all but gone.

It staggers forward, slashing the air with a violent swing.

I start in on a full-blown sprint, trip over an errant branch and land hard on my chest.

It comes at me-falls on its knees beside me omitting a sharp putrid stench. I let out a gurgled cry-twist and claw, scampering to my feet.

Its crooked fingers tear my sweater, easy as shredding paper.

I bolt deeper into the thicket. The forest gyrates, turns into a viridian kaleidoscope as I fumble through a dizzying maze of branches.

Loud guttural moans vibrate throughout the woods. I can feel its footsteps seconds behind. The forest darkens. The fog presses in and coats my throat with its oily haze.

Panic enlivens me. Adrenaline courses through my veins creating a heartbeat in my ears.

None of this is real-this is hell-a trapdoor within a nightmare.

My breathing quickens and my head starts to spin as I navigate the spindles, the heavily shadowed woods.

My mother once said most people are prone to run through this world blind. I remember her words and the soft mannerism in which she spoke them as I stumble from branch to branch, ripping a hole in my jeans, and losing my jacket on the offshoot of a pine.

The creature gains speed, touches me. It grazes over my hair with its necrotic fingertips. I race blindly through the woods, pushing past the pain searing through my skull. My foot catches on a root and I crash to the ground with finality.

I glance back, fully expecting to find the decaying body, the stench of death, but instead I see a boy my age-a look of surprise ripe on his face. He pulls me to safety behind the trunk of a pine and then lunges at the monster. He plucks a knife from his back pocket and wrestles the decrepit beast as it latches onto his face.

I pick up a loose branch and give a hard jab at the creature's groin. It gives a soft gurgle as if laughing at my efforts.

A rock the size of a football catches my eye. I hoist it off the ground and lob it at the tangle of flesh rolling around in front of me.

It hits the boy on the side of the head, and he lets out an agonizing groan.

Shit!

He flips the creature and lands it hard on its back. Its face holds a lavender hue, blue lips, unnatural bumps and lesions over its cheek and decomposed forehead.

The boy pummels its malformed face. He digs his knife into the eye of the beast, over and over until it ceases to writhe beneath him.

He jumps up and cleans his blade against the soft trunk of a maple with two easy swipes.

The creature sizzles. Its ragged clothes engulf in flames quick as a grassfire before extinguishing in a ball of smoke.

"What's happening?" I pant.

"Don't you know?" He replaces the knife in his back pocket. The hard line of his jaw pops as he suppresses a smile. "They're biodegradable." A rumble of laughter trembles out of him. He comes over and cradles the side of my face with his open palm, observes me as though he were a doctor. "You okay?" A stream of light falls over him, amplifying the fact he's alarmingly handsome: tall with sandy hair and eyes the color of a lifeless sky.

"I'm fine." I want to say. I don't know where the hell I am, but I think there are more pressing matters than my lack of topographical orientation. "What was that?"

His brows knit together. He leans in to inspect me, skeptical that I even had to ask.

"What's your name?" he asks, wiping the dirt off his jeans.

"Laken Stewart." I grab him by the arm-feel his warm flesh come to life beneath my fingers. "Where am I?" I've never been a hundred miles from where I was born. Hell, I've never left Kansas. For sure, I've never seen a forest this dense, let alone barreled through it with my life on the line.

"Ephemeral." He dips into me with his gaze. "Connecticut," he adds with a touch of sarcasm.

"Oh, my God," I whisper in fright. "I think I'm lost." I touch my fingers to my temple as an explosion of pain rips through me.

"Laken!"

In the distance a woman shouts my name.

"Looks like you've just been found." He offers a reserved smile and holds my gaze a little longer than necessary before turning away.

There's something intoxicating about this stranger, this earthly savior of mine, and a part of me wants to discover everything about him.

"Wait." I catch him by the elbow. "What was that thing?"

He doesn't say a word, just gazes at me perplexed and sorrowful.

"Laken?" The female voice spikes with agitation.

"I'd better go." He takes a full step back. "Nice to meet you."

"You saved me," I say. He walks off into the fog until he disappears like an apparition. "Hey-what's your name?" I shout after him, but he's already vanished.

"Laken?" A raven-haired woman dressed in a power suit and heels snatches me by the wrist. "You need to keep out of the woods." The words stream out of her like a death rattle. "Do you understand?" Her hair is slicked back in a knot, reflecting blue highlights as she moves. Her face is unearthly pale, her skin thin as paper, and I can see a track of blue veins around her eyes.

"Who are you?" I pull my hand back.

"It's me, Laken-Ms. Paxton." She offers a short-lived smile. "You need to get back to campus." Her chest rises violently as she struggles to catch her breath. "Never venture outside of the academy."

She guides me out of the oppressive forest onto a red brick path that rolls out toward a monolithic series of ivy-covered buildings. The landscape opens up in a fog-kissed world. Relief as wide as the ocean fills me as I escape those woods. I glance back into the curtain of darkness-the evergreens stand tall as a mountain, black as iron, and a shiver of fear grips me.

"Your uncle requested you meet up with your brother tonight."

"My brother?" Fletcher died over a year ago, along with Wes, the only boy I ever loved. They drank their way into oblivion before taking a fatal swim in the lake.

"Yes, your brother." It strangles out of her. "Do you think this is funny?"

"No." I rub my arms. "I-"

She shoves a yellow student card at me. "You dropped this on your little jaunt in the woods."

Laken Anderson-right face, wrong name. Issue date September 4th. Junior, Ephemeral Academy.

"Ephemeral." I test the word out on my tongue. I stare at the student card, confused as to what it might mean.

"You're a resident in Austen House." Her lips twist with pride as if she procured the living quarters for me herself. "I realize how overwhelming your first day must be. Your sister is the dorm mother. She's been waiting to orient you all afternoon."

"My sister?" I have two. Jen is studying abroad her second year of college, and Lacey. The epicenter of Lacey's world is plundering all my free time to help plan for her epic tenth birthday party. I love Lacey. I couldn't love her more if I had her myself.

"Jen-your sister, Jen." Ms. Paxton nods in frustration. Her eyes widen with horror as she circles over me with an epiphany. "I have to go." She darts down the road in the opposite direction.

"Wait!" I call out as she evaporates in the evening shadows.

I don't have a brother anymore.

I don't have an uncle.

My mother is a drunk, and my sister, Jen, left the country first chance she got. I'm from Cider Plains, Kansas. I live in a dilapidated bungalow that belonged to my grandmother, which is haunted by her pissed-off ghost and the curse she bestowed upon us before she hung herself from the rafters.

My last name is Stewart, not Anderson. After I shot through the windshield, a tall radiant being declared it was not my time. He placed a hand the size of a catcher's mitt over my face and submerged me back onto the planet.

I know for a fact I died on July 13th, the day before my cheating boyfriend's seventeenth birthday. According to this I.D., two calendar months have dissolved without my knowledge. Here I am-same body, different name.

All I really want to know is what the hell is going on.

2

Remember

It was easy to find Austen House. Every one of these haunted establishments has its moniker framed right out front in large gilded letters. I step through the dark glossy door and land before a pretty blonde situated in the entry behind a vast mahogany desk. She turns to the side, laughing into her cell, completely unaware of my presence.

I take in the sights-try to decipher the murmurs of the girls seated on a sofa in the distance. The interior drips with chandeliers, brass posts on the stairwell, cloistered walls paneled in dark wood with a heavy gloss veneer.

The blonde wraps her finger around her hair like a habit. She hoists one leg up on the desk, exposing a sable riding boot with three gold buckles running down the side. They look expensive, soft as butter, and I resist the urge to touch them and confirm my theory. A paisley silk scarf in bold blues and reds is wrapped tight around her neck like a noose. It gives her a polished touch I've never seen on anyone outside of a magazine. She twirls her milky hair, giggles into the receiver while expertly ignoring my presence. It makes me question whether or not I'm really here, if I had become invisible at some point between the forest and the entry.

"Hello?" I try to control my panting, still out of breath from the long walk over. "Um, I'm looking for my sister, Jen." I feel ridiculous even saying it. Unless I've just materialized on a cruise ship, sailing the Mediterranean, I doubt a family reunion is in the works. Jen is safely tucked away on a semester at sea, sipping margaritas and testing out her broken Spanglish on unsuspecting crewmen.

A waterfall of platinum hair falls over her left eye, so straight and glossy you could see your reflection in it if you wanted.

"I have to go." She sighs into the phone and gives her seat a hard swivel.

"You can finish. Really, it's okay, I'll just-"

"Shut up, Laken." Her hair vibrates like guitar strings plucked by skillful fingers. I could lose myself staring into the hair of this stranger who somehow knows my name.

I sway on my feet still dizzy from appearing in the forest from out of thin air.

"Late as usual." She gets up and motions for me to follow.

I'm pretty sure I should be insulted-that this banter should register on some intimate familial level, but it doesn't. Although, oddly, her frustration with me feels genuine, like she's known me for years and this is her automatic response when she sees me.

I've never seen anyone like her before who holds such razor-sharp beauty in real life. It's jarring and makes me want to run to a mirror and catalog all of my flaws as though each one were an evil trait all their own.

"Hey, um..." A breath gets caught in my throat. "How did you know my name?"

She turns to inspect me and gives a disbelieving blink. "Look, I'm a little pissed right now. I couldn't get the classes I wanted, and I only have one with Blaine. Turns out Trinity U is a nightmare to navigate-so I'm not up for your twisted bullshit." She moves on ahead. "And would you hurry? I want to leave already." She leads us down the dark paneled entry with molded wood patterned like a chocolate bar.

A trail of perfume bleeds behind her, sweet honeysuckle with a touch of ginger. I take it in, solid as a memory. It makes me trust her, makes me want to follow her just about anywhere to inhale the familiar scent of a warm spring day on the plains.

She's wearing a short-cabled dress that stops mid-thigh. It looks provocative with her boots well past her knees. My own wardrobe is comprised mainly of jeans and sweatshirts, and most all of those are hand-me-downs, the rest are thrift store treasures. I glance down at the inky corduroys I'm wearing, the black pointed shoes on my feet. I have no recollection of these, and it alarms me.

"So, what's your name?" I ask. Should I feel the need to abuse it, I'll need to know it.

She pauses to gawk at me with an incredulous look. "Jenevieve." It rolls harsh off her tongue and she bears her teeth as she says it. "Look, I don't know what the heck you're up to, or if you're just trying to make me throw you off the balcony, but since it's your first day, I'm going to tell you kindly to knock this shit off." She pauses just shy of an enormous staircase, taking me in with her stone blue eyes. "Where the hell were you-and why do you have a forest growing out of your ear?" She plucks a sprig of pine needles from my hair. "I talked to Jones. He wants to get together with the three of us, Saturday."

"Jones?" If she hadn't referenced him as a male, I would have assumed we were blocking out a precious chunk of weekend to scan the carpet for the residue of all things illegal.

"I'll drive," she says, leading me up the vast sweeping stairwell. As we near the top, it affords me an eagle-eye view of the facility-a large room sits below along with a roaring fireplace the size of a single-car garage. A smattering of girls sit nestled with their laptops on L shaped couches. One of them convulses into her keyboard with an intensity that borders on intimacy. It looks sexual the way she strokes the keys, biting down a secretive smile.

Upstairs, Austen House is dark, heavily lined with navy embossed wallpaper that presses out in repetitive rows of paisley and diamonds. My mind warps the images until all I see are faces, devilish grimaces staring back at me, each one locked in a silent scream.

"Fletcher almost killed me the last time we drove together." She flips her hair over her shoulder like a white silk scarf. "Fair warning, don't get in a moving vehicle with him at the helm."

"Fletcher?" Dear God. This is some warped dream-nightmare-easily this is a nightmare because it started out with a hostile corpse. It wouldn't surprise me one bit if Jenevieve turned around and took a bite right out of my neck.

"Yes, Fletcher." She looks simultaneously surprised and horrified at my ability to maintain stupid. "Our brother." She's so expressly pissed it looks as if she's about to swallow her tongue. "Jones wanted me to tell you to find Fletch tonight and, you know, meet people so you won't be such a loner-or do stupid things like you did at Rycroft."

"Fletcher's our brother?" That happens to be my brother's name, or at least it was while he was living. And Jenevieve is my sister's formal name, although, this imposter is clearly the wrong Jen. My sister has dark hair and electric blue eyes. We hardly look related unlike this faux relative who stands before me befuddled. In fact, nuJen and I share the same nose, the same pale eyes, maybe even look more like sisters than the one I share a genetic bond with, sans the supermodel jackpot I've yet to cash in on.

"Our brother..." I pause, still not over the fact she knew Fletcher's name. I don't know what's going on, but I have a feeling I'm about to meet yet another Stewart family knockoff.

Fake Jen opens the door to my new room. It's clean and dull with the same satanic wallpaper from the hall peeking out from behind the bookshelves. Two twin mattresses are pushed against opposing walls with a mahogany desk next to each.

Three statuesque girls welcome me by way of hard looks and scoffs that suggest I reek of excrement or rotting corpses. Come to think of it, both are a possibility.

"Kresley Fisher, Grayson Evans." Jen points at two girls lying side by side on a navy quilt with white flowers embroidered in dizzying patterns, their feet sunk in ditches over the pillow.

The dark-haired one, Kresley, shoots a look of venom at me with her sharp almond eyes as though I were solely responsible for the slaughter of a thousand baby whales. She's beautiful in a hypnotic kind of way. Her toxic brand of beauty is mixed with equal parts of viciousness and vixen with a dash of entitlement thrown in for good measure. The haughty look in her eye assures me there will be no friendship brewing here in the near or distant future. Judging people is my fatal flaw, but when you bat a thousand, it's a little hard to stop.

The other girl, Grayson, has long hair much like my own with the exception it's devoid of any color that I could accurately put my finger on. In fact, there isn't a single hue found in all of nature that holds that brindle, velum, ash disaster. A dark line of roots erects itself from her scalp a clear inch, contrasting itself so harshly it looks artful in its own way. She crimps her lips, taking me in. She holds a sharper beauty than Kresley, looking less menacing in general, but you can tell the venomous nature is one in the same. It lingers to her like a patina that coats her from the inside. You can see her malevolence plain as the beauty on her face.

"This is your roommate, Casper Masterson." Jen flicks a finger toward the girl at the desk, painting her fingernails a dark glossy crimson-dragon's blood red.

I give a wry smile. I used to sit for hours and watch Wes, my long-dead boyfriend, run his brushes over canvas. I would give names to the colors he mixed onto the palate. It was spellbinding, watching him stir through a rainbow of his own invention. For Christmas, I was going to make a set of brushes for him with my own hair. The art supply store in town said they would do it, but Christmas came and went without Wes. He had been in the ground three full months before that day. I miss Wes with an aching passion. Maybe they'll have a fake version of him here, too. But there could never be another Wes. When he died he took all of the color out of the world with him.

"Hello," Casper offers, but doesn't look up from her long methodical strokes. It sounds sarcastic, like a threat. Her short bleached hair spikes at the top, a contrast to her delicate features and soft round lips.

Life can't be easy with a name like Casper. I suppose Kresley and Grayson aren't too far off on the moniker punching bag-neither am I come to think of it.

"Be nice to Laken," Jen reprimands before turning to me. "I get off at ten. I'm staying at Lowery's if you need me." She arches her brows before leaving as though speaking some silent sisterly language that said, try to get along.

I think both faux Jen and I know that getting along with these girls is doubtful.

I exhale a huge breath I hadn't notice I was holding and catch a glimpse of myself in the mirror. I look like crap and death rolled into one-ironic because if you throw a reanimated cadaver into the mix it's a frightfully accurate description.

"Which bed is mine?" I ask Casper, the girl busying herself with dragon's blood. What the hell am I saying, which bed is mine? I need to get home, to the right state, the right universe-but deep inside I'm certain if I just shut my eyes I'll magically turn up there anyway.

"Other bed," she grunts.

I assume she means the one farthest from her person, which makes me want to evict the two girls lounging on it with their feet molesting my new pillow. Although I doubt they'd listen, and the last thing I need today is an ass kicking. Even though I'm partially tempted to administer one myself, the idea is more exhausting than it is exhilarating at the moment. All I really want to do is sleep-see if I can wake up in a state I actually belong in.

"Do you guys have a phone I can borrow?" I ask no one in particular. I need to tell my mother I had the misfortune of a drive-by drugging or a hammer to the back of the head because clearly I'm suffering from psychological turmoil. Nevertheless, the words, "Laken phone home" reverberate in the back of my mind.

"Nope," Kresley says it bored without looking up. Her dark hair creates a curtain over her features, but I can see the curve of a wicked smile flexing at my expense.

She stretches her long golden limbs like a cat and sears me with a sideways glance as if my presence alone offended her. "Don't ever let me wear heather grey," she seethes to her bedmate.

"I know, right?" The plastic-haired Grayson rolls over to pick up a brush off the floor, and a round orb of flesh spills out the side of her tank top.

Holy shit.

I have never seen a body like that before. Not that I make a habit of inspecting other women's wares, but this is something that falls under the category of a factual oddity, or "Quick, get Guinness on the phone." Her boobs expand over her chest like planets, painfully large and perfectly round like someone tucked a pair of volleyballs under her skin for safekeeping. For a brief second I think they may be tumors.

"Hate that color," Grayson gags. "It's pathetic. Makes people look like they crawled out of a convent."

"I'm thinking about wearing orange this fall." Kresley sits up and spins her long dark hair into a sloppy bun before shagging it out, exposing a waterfall of rich dark curls. "Like maybe a coat or a sweater."

"Me, too." Grayson rakes the brush through her creamy locks. "We should mix it with those red suede boots."

Kresley scoffs at her with profane disapproval. You would think she had suggested they gut road kill and add it to their oatmeal for breakfast.

"Orange driving moccasins," they say in unison before exploding in a fit of laughter.

I take them in with their perfect pouts, their flawless skin-their aggressive monstrous attitudes that rival that of the creature in the forest.

Dear God-I think they're mocking me.

Who the hell has an entire conversation solely based on the color of their upcoming fall wardrobe? Who the hell has an upcoming fall wardrobe?

"So, um..." I clear my throat. "I think I need to find my brother. Fletcher?" It comes out pleading. I'm not sure why I've suddenly accepted this mission, but I know for damn sure I'm not sequestering myself in a room full of girls who bear an uncanny inward resemblance to the beast from the woods. I'd mention him, but in truth, I'm half afraid they'll all start morphing into zombies. Nightmares are fickle that way.

Besides, if I linger here too much longer, I might be moved to do something heroic like venture into the closet and hang them all by way of sweaters in their least favorite colors. Murder doesn't feel so illogical or illegal in this strange new world I've conjured up.

I'm probably in a coma somewhere. It's never a good thing when you go through a windshield and end up in Connecticut on the other side. I bet if I think about it long enough, I'll start controlling things, like catching their hair on fire, spontaneously dying their skin blue, or tangling up their underwire bras-and that will be a bigger problem for some than others.

Casper turns around. Her short pixie-like hair is peppered with a glittering effect that I can only further contribute to this alternate state of reality.

Freaking Tucker-mother-Tucker, I'll think of a million of them before I make my way back home and strangle him with my bare hands for landing me on the other side of the looking glass.

I fully give myself permission to establish his name as the vilest profanity in this new world. If he hadn't cheated with Megan Bartlett-hell, with the entire volleyball team-I wouldn't be standing here contemplating a triple homicide.

"There's a party at Henderson." Casper, the pixie, frowns. "We're leaving in ten if you can get ready." She scales me with her eyes, appalled at my disheveled appearance.

"Who's Henderson?" God, this is like the land of unfortunate names. Apparently, I'm really bad at casting my own nightmare, probably some effect of having a strange name myself.

"Henderson Hall, you know," she says, snatching the brush from out Grayson's hand, "where your brother lives."

The two girls jump off the bed and stretch as though they've just been roused from a very long slumber.

"Wesley has a present for me tonight." Kresley sways into her long bronzed legs when she says it. Her pale blue cutoffs glow against her fresh summer tan. "I think it's going to be something big, like an engagement ring."

"Good luck with that." Casper averts her eyes at the thought.

"So," Kresley says, walking over to me uncomfortably close, her chest heaving into mine, "make sure you meet up with Flynn." Her pale green eyes are fascinating even if they are peppered with an unfounded amount of hatred toward me. "He's Ephemeral's official welcoming committee." She bites down a smile. "Heard about what happened at Rycroft. Sounds like you might be teaching him a thing or two."

She snatches Grayson by the elbow, and they drift out the door, leaving us in a wake of stilted silence as the mystery of her words swirl through my mind.

"What's with Rycroft? And what did I do?" I ask pointblank. If it's slanderous enough to span two campuses, I might as well be let in on the secret.

Casper rises and inspects me for a moment before depositing her brush on the counter.

"That's for you to tell me," she answers coyly as if she knows but wants the report firsthand-only, my brain has apparently malfunctioned and I can't provide either of us with the salacious details. "The fake blonde is about as friendly as a pit bull." She moves the conversation along. "I take that back, every pit bull I've ever met was way nicer than Grayson." Her lips curve into a naughty smile.

"She's a model, well, they both are, and they will remind you of this ad nauseam." She dry heaves for effect. "Grayson has expanded her casting couch capabilities to land herself a role in some B movie that's coming out, Power Position. Trust me," she says, glancing at the ceiling, "it'll be 3-D without the glasses. Prepare to lose an eye in the process." She plops down on her bed and takes off her socks.

"Kresley is your standard miserable bitch. She's got her head tucked so far up her ass, she actually believes the world should bow down to her just like daddy. Which is ironic since she's the product of an affair between the housekeeper and her father the congressman. Her mother was deported, and she was sent to boarding school prison as soon as humanly possible."

I freeze midflight to the bed. This is obviously some kind of mean girls trap. Sure she gave a satisfactory explanation why Grayson and Kresley think they make the world go round, but aren't they besties? Weren't they just bonding over sweaters the color of popsicles and red velvet knee-highs?

It makes no sense whatsoever to throw them under the bus-and to me of all people-someone she's known less than five minutes. I suppose it's my turn now to say all kinds of nasty things about them so she can call me out on it later and they can take turns stabbing me with their stilettos.

"Kresley is obsessed with her boyfriend, the water polo god," she goes on unmitigated. Casper's perfectly veneered teeth shine a brilliant white each time she moves her lips. It's like she has a flashlight at the back of her mouth that automatically goes on when she opens it. "Kresley and Wesley." She sticks her finger down her throat and pretends to gag before walking into the closet.

"Sounds like a bad limerick is about to erupt," I say mostly to myself. "Look..." I step over to the threshold of the closet. "I'm not sure what's going on, but I don't even know how the heck I got here." It feels safe to confess this lunacy-own up to the fact I'm having a grand mal seizure of a hallucination. Clearly a sufficient amount of brain damage has already taken place. However, I'm pretty sure she won't be too thrilled to find out she's nothing more than a figment of my imagination so I decide to keep that part to myself for now.

She steps back out with a black pea coat tucked in the crook of her arm.

"What did you say?" She picks up a bottle of perfume and douses herself, front and back, up and down, like she's masking the fact she hasn't showered for weeks. The glass decanter in her hand fractures a rainbow of light across the walls with her frantic efforts. I take a seat on the bed as the room blooms with the scent of black tea and crushed juniper.

"I was just saying." I hold back a sneeze. "I don't know what's going on. I got this I.D., and the first name is right, but I'm not Laken Anderson. My last name is Stewart."

She swoops in swift as bat, clamps her hand over my mouth in one quick move. She studies me, circles me with her clear green eyes as if she were memorizing my features.

"Listen"-her breathing becomes erratic-"listen good." She pushes her finger over my lips and holds it there a moment. "Go along with whatever they tell you. Pretend everything that happens is perfectly normal." She nods as though I should agree. A slow spreading smile comes over her face as she breaks out into a full-blown cackle. It erupts from her like a victory.

"And what if I don't?" Clearly everyone here is insane.

I can feel the bedding, smell the scent of unsweetened perfume-this is no dream. It's obvious I've been kidnapped by some cult from Connecticut, and now my only hope of getting home is to play along with their boarding school games. I'll be forced to wear orange and join some demonic sorority where everyone sports awkward epithets. I think I'd rather lube myself with butter, run naked through the haunted woods, opening up a buffet for the creatures that inhabit it and let them gnaw on my flesh until this whole nightmare is over.

"You will go along with it. You have no choice." Her features narrow over mine as she studies me with a renewed interest.

"What the hell is going on?" I say each word like its own sentence. "What's the penalty if I don't play by the rules?"

Her eyes elongate like eggs, her lips press together, forming an anemic white line.

"You, dear Laken, will simply disappear."

A rush of silence stops up my ears. The room spins from her dizzying words.

"I have to get out of here." I push my way past her, and she snatches me by the wrist, quick as a thief. "My little sister, my mom-they're going to be worried sick."

"You can't leave." Her voice breaks when she says it. "They won't let you." There's a desperation in her that pleads for me to understand.

"But this is all a lie." A wave of unexpected tears rush to the surface, and I suppress the urge to bawl.

"I know it's a lie," she whispers. "I'm just like you. I remember everything."

3

Forever

Casper leads me through a sea of dense ground clouds, along the twisted path toward Henderson Hall. We pass dozens of rectangular dorms, each window glows a bright orange hue as though a slow building fire burned in each one-smoldering, alive with licking flames.

This place-Ephemeral-it's odd in nature, and I can't put my finger on why. Outside of my obvious captivity, there's something altogether off about the environment, the people.

A heavily shadowed forest lines the periphery. It towers over us, as though supervising our misery. Even the moon with its powder white glow seems to want in on the secrets-the mysteries these hallowed grounds hold-unknowable as ancient hieroglyphics.

"And another thing"-Casper takes a breath-"my brother, Flynn, is a junior like you." She picks up her pace. "If you move, and you're a female, you're a viable option for his hormonal tendencies. Don't get me wrong, he's a nice guy-but I doubt he's the one for you. So do you have a boyfriend? I guess the fallout from that whole Rycroft thing is enough to blow out any flame, right?"

Wrong, I want to say. Badly I want to let her in on the fact Rycroft probably doesn't exist, but I'm not in the mood to debate reality, and I'm curious as hell to see this new improved version of my brother. God-what if he's gorgeous, and I fall in lust with him? How sick would that be? A true testament to this budding insanity.

I inspect the foreign clothes I've donned. Casper introduced me to the left side of the closet, said everything there was shipped over from Rycroft where I did something so terrible they lobbed me clear over to their rival school to be rid of my shame.

"I had a boyfriend back home," I whisper. I'm not particularly proud of my love story gone awry. "His name was Tucker. I was on my way to breakup with him when I got in an accident. Apparently, he and your brother have a lot in common."

"Sorry." She wrinkles her nose like she means it. "Guys can be such dicks sometimes. Did you love this Tucker guy?"

"I thought I did." My chest cinches with the lie. "Actually, I loved someone else. A boy named Wes. We grew up together. He and my brother drowned in the lake near our house." I pause just shy of filling her in on the gory details of Fletcher's demise, how we found them facedown with the moon bathing them in gold, how my heart fractured that night-how it's been irreparable ever since. "So what do you think is going on? What's with the fake families?"

"I don't know." Her voice turns to gravel. A light breeze picks up and she tightens her coat around her waist. "Are you up on your angel mythology?"

"My what?"

She lets a group of cackling girls pass us by before pulling me off the brick path.

"They believe it." She blinks in frustration. "They're going to assume you do, too."

"They believe what? And who are they?"

The dormitory towers over her, pulls her into its dark reserve by way of its nefarious shadow. It washes her features dull as soot, reducing her to nothing but a disembodied voice. The glowing whites of her eyes dissolve intermittently in the murky light.

"There are five factions of angelic beings that descend from the Nephilim." She draws in so close I can feel her breath feathering across my cheek. "As far as I can tell, hybrid humans are the binding cord that holds this place together." She pants into me with an uncalled for amount of energy like she just finished an Olympic worthy sprint. Her features darken, a layer of fear galvanizes beneath the surface as if she's broken a sacred vow, and the price she'll have to pay is far too high. "I'll explain the rest later." She leads us back onto the crimson path.

The moonlight sprays down and washes her in a gentle glow like a spotlight. I half expect some giant orb in the sky to drop an illuminated stairwell leading her up to the mother ship. It all feels possible, every absurd improbability as viable as the next.

"It's going to be okay," she assures. "I mean, they don't abuse you here or anything."

We come upon a gleaming brass sign that boastfully reads, Henderson Hall. The building glows with rosy pride. A silhouette of a couple lingers in the window directly above the entry. I'm mesmerized by the way the shadowed boy holds the hourglass girl, the way her head extends with laughter or passion-both.

You could write a story with the shadows that linger in each window. A part of me wants to sit on the lawn, nestle in the cool night dew, and do just that.

The thick scent of clove cigarettes billows from the corner of the building, making me wonder what kind of supervision Ephemeral Academy provides if kids are making out in bedrooms and smoking questionable narcotics right here on campus. I take in the cool, sweet scent of the cloves as if I were smoking them myself-close my eyes and pretend I'm anywhere but here.

Casper takes me by the hand and runs us up the porch. Music streams out of the opened doubled doors, pulsating through my chest with its disruptive rhythm. We maneuver our way through a thicket of bodies and into an expansive common room much like the one at Austen House.

"I don't think we're meant to be friends." Her voice spikes over the music just enough so I can hear.

"Excuse me?" A prick of heat spears through me like some visceral, I told you so. I let Casper Masterson, whoever the hell she is, lure me into this teenage wasteland laden with Abercrombie models, and now I'm going to be drawn and quartered as she and the rest of the Ephemeralites pour on the public humiliation. Shit. I can smell the pig's blood a mile away.

"Whoever they programmed to be your friend will find you," she says. "I could tell by the way Kres and Grayson were ignoring you, they're going to make your life miserable."

Kresley and Grayson hating me was bound to happen in any world, in any dimension. That's just your basic social economics. That bit of non-news could have been shared quickly and succinctly back at the room. She could have spared me the trip over the hills and through the woods only to find myself alone at some raging party populated with the very same ass**les that were in my dorm.

"We can totally be friends in private." She nods as if it's a given.

Why does this relationship suddenly feel dirty and closet worthy? Actually, I'm fine with the whole I-can't-really-be-seen-with-you-in-public social middle finger. I just need to hit the exit and catch my bearings, figure out an escape route out of this hellhole.

"They can't really stop anything." She punctuates "they" with air quotes. "I've tested the waters. I know for a fact they keep us on a very long leash."

Perfect. I'll be testing the validity of that theory as soon as I hop the first bus back to Kansas.

There's something sincere about Casper, honest in nature. Something in me shifts, and I'm under her spell again.

"Who exactly are they?" I lean in as though Casper were about to deliver the secret to the universe while a blond boy behind her openly undresses me with his eyes. I can tell by his budding lewd smile, by the glossy lust-driven look in his eyes that his sex-ray vision is in full effect.

"I don't know who they are." She laughs. "See what I'm up against?" She spikes up like a lunatic and waves past my shoulder. "I gotta go. Just start walking around. Things will happen. They always do." She darts across the room and jumps into a screaming hug with group of girls sporting matching spiked heels and skirts that barely make it past their underwear.

I step deeper into Henderson Hall and take in the crowd of jostling bodies, the scent of new clothes lays thick in the air like a toxin.

Things will happen.

"They always do," I whisper.

The Harman Kardon speakers spew out varying levels of unrest at unfortunate decibels that leave me meandering slowly toward the exit. I've been to parties back home where the speakers shoot out crap as loud as a jet engine-stop up your ears for days from the ruptured capillaries alone. Mostly those were overblown, hyper-sexed parties rife with beer kegs and stoner circles. The cops rarely showed because no one really cared. They saw it as our moment in time, the building of our glory days and they relived theirs by way of not interrupting ours. It was a chain of stolen wishes, the dream of better days than those adulthood brought along, and they had no intention of baptizing us into the cruel world of bills and paychecks any sooner than necessary.

I circulate around the periphery, waiting for something to happen like Casper suggested. A walking carcass invasion-an entire busload of dead relatives filing in from the not-so-great beyond, it all seems possible. Who knows where this macabre merry-go-round could lead.

I glance around at the bevy of expensively dressed people. I've never witnessed so many kids who use wealth to leverage their social standing all at once. It's like a pinata exploded and vomited Rolexes and diamond stud earrings. I'm half-worried a homegrown terrorist will attack to prove some political statement, narrowing in on the have and have-nots. These glossy bodies, these polished stones of society, walk around like sultans. Long scarves of expensive perfume mix with warm scented cologne, creating the kind of noxious cloud you would expect walking through the cosmetics department at the mall.

There's something unnerving about being around so many financially privileged people in one confined space. It's like harnessing the power of the atom, accidentally splitting it and nothing but coins falling out-stocks and bonds, foreign currencies flying around like a fiscal intergalactic shower.

Instinctually, I want to school them on the harsh realities of life, the unfairness that howls in the street at night, the destitute that freeze on park benches in winter. Here, you would never believe poverty existed-that getting a glass of water was the biggest daily burden for people on the other side of the planet.

A boy dances in the crowd like he's having a cardiac episode. His jagged motions remind me of the not-so-welcome committee I ran into earlier in the haunted forest. I was so caught up on the fact Casper could remember her past that I forgot to mention my run-in with the undead-and the handsome boy who thought nothing of saving the day. He acted as if it were just another mundane task, banal as taking out the trash.

I turn in haste to look for Casper, and my head ignites with a flash migraine.

"Whoa!" A guy wearing a plain T-shirt and jeans pulls his drink out of my way. "Almost got you." He holds out a hand. "Flynn-and you must be Rycroft Laken." His mouth illuminates with an ultra-bright smile, the kind that says I know what you did last summer-and I'd like a demonstration.

I take his hand and gently grip his fingers, clammy, and cold at the tips. He's tall and handsome in a frat boy sort of way, dark eyes, same ultra-light hair like Casper. It's evident why the female population willingly puddles to his feet. His face is chiseled to perfection with a nose that looks as if the artist ran out of time to smooth out the edges. My old boss at the diner had a nose like that, and Mom called him Ski Jump right to his face. She knew just how to cradle people's feelings with her barbed wire embrace.

Flynn doesn't miss the opportunity to slip his hand around my back. There's a warm way about him, although snakelike and predatory, but I'm starting to feel the powers of his seduction as he inebriates me with those deep mysterious eyes.

He reminds me a lot of Tucker. I slept with Tucker-twice. The thought rolls through my mind rancid, like remembering a nightmare. Tucker was a bad replacement for Wes. Wes was a god. How I ever thought I could love somebody else demonstrates how delusional I was after his death. Falling into Flynn for all the wrong reasons would be a repeat performance of what landed me through a windshield to begin with.

"Nice to meet you, Ephemeral Flynn." I tilt my head, insinuating I know just as much about him.

"Hey!" A girl pops up by his side. "Carter." She pushes her hand in my direction with an unstoppable enthusiasm. Her heart-shaped face is decorated with infectious dimples and tawny curls spring just above her shoulders. I can already tell she's miles nicer than Casper and the silicon welcoming committee.

"Laken," I say, giving her fingers a quick squeeze.

"You ever get sick of Casper the unfriendly ghost, come to my room-three doors down to the left." She alternates holding up her left and right hand as if she's not sure.

"I'll find you." Like she found me-by design. According to Casper's theory anyway. It's probably all bullshit like her reasoning for not being seen with me in public. Personally, I'm shocked she walked right into the room linked by my side. I bet the bitch brigade docked her social standing for that, downgrading her a couple rungs on the popularity ladder. Girls like that have always had the power to make me feel like I'm drifting through life with a severe case of social herpes-that I might unwittingly inflict my disease on them.

"So what do you think?" Carter shouts up over the pumping bass. "Are we lame compared to the insanity that abounds at Rycroft?" She drips the last part out with sarcasm.

"Oh, there's plenty of insanity here," I assure. No shortage, in fact. Speaking of which, I need to borrow a cell and phone home. I'm sure my mother will find my tale of hijinks and hilarity mildly amusing before quickly comparing it to the acid-dropping haze in her life also known as the seventies.

Carter pulls at one of her soft, round curls the exact color of honey. "Ephemeral's sort of wild, too." It comes out like a necrotic promise before she reaches over and takes a swig of Flynn's drink without asking.

"Welcome to the land of pretentious names and ass**les." Flynn's questionable douchebag status seems to solidify each time he opens his mouth. "You're either one or the other."

I'm feeling pretty secure in the fact most everyone here is a safe combination of both.

Carter laughs, exposing a row of perfectly filed-down teeth, far too straight to be natural. They adorn her mouth like miniature rows of sugar cubes.

I pan the room. The girls all sport long, glossy manes, bare faces that look as though they have never heard of makeup, let alone applied it, and yet they look immaculately beautiful, fresh from the runway with their long slender legs and arms like pulled taffy. Back home the girls hold more curves, wear false lashes that spring from their faces like wings and frost on makeup like spackle. They wear trendy clothes in bright colors picked out of used clothing bins without reservation. Here the clothes hold the strong the scent of a department store as if to testify to their newness, in an entire rainbow of khaki, bland as oatmeal. Every single person looks as though they belong in a Ralph Lauren ad, polished and buffed with brand new bills. This is wealth beyond recognition of anything my old world could comprehend, where I bought my makeup and shoes at the grocery store.

"Oh, look, it's Fletch!" Carter waves across the room.

I follow her gaze past a tangle of limbs and bobbing heads-guys with backs the size of buildings. A familiar flame of light brown hair catches my eye.

"Holy crap," I whisper as the room, the music, slows to a crawl. I catch a breath and forget to let go. "It really is Fletch," I say, disbelieving. He's wearing a dark blue flannel with one hand stuffed in his pocket, nursing a drink with the other. Grayson slouches next to him giggling in his ear. Her silicone spheres jet out like the Goodyear Blimp between them.

I take a step forward-then the world, the universe-everything freezes.

"Oh my God." I breathe the words out like a dream.

A tall, handsome boy stands next to Fletch. His beautiful face and broad shoulders are familiar in every single way.

There he is-alive.

Wes.

He does a double take before abruptly halting his conversation. I hardly notice Kresley dutifully cemented by his side, her hand slithering up his back.

His eyes lock onto mine, his cheek slides up before he blooms into a knowing grin.

That dark hair, those green eyes the color of a maple leaf with the sun filtering through-I've memorized him. I've dreamed a thousand dreams about Wes, both in and out of my sleep.

The room warps and twists. It bends its entire existence in honor of our love. Death couldn't hold us apart any longer. It had to rewrite the rules, resurrect us in tandem just to bring us to this moment, this perfect juncture in time.

I make my way over slow and lethargic, every muscle aches to be near his person. The voices around me grind down to demonic whispers.

The entire world was out of sync, and now we're together again-Wes and I.

My heart bounces wild as I pick up pace.

I take a running leap and land on his waist, crash my lips over his-indulging in a searing kiss that says so much more than I've missed you. It transports us back to the heated plains, to the silence of a summer's moon, and the scent of jasmine ripe in the air. Wes pushes deeper into me as a new reality swallows us whole.

Life brims around us.

We're alive.

Wes and I.

4

A Kiss in Time

Of course there's the off chance I really am dead, or perhaps this is one long disjointed nightmare, but far more important than the parameters of my being is the fact I have free roam of Wesley Parker's mouth, something I thought was permanently out of the realm of possibility.

This insanity, this lust-filled exchange, charges me. It builds to an unstoppable force as waves of inexpressible bliss radiate from my being.

Wes thrusts his tongue over mine, dives in deeper and inhales into me as if he were parched and I was the water he so desperately needed to survive. He pulls back, suppressing a tiny laugh. I dip into the base of his neck, run my fingers through his thick hair. His cheeks look higher set, far more chiseled than I remember. Wes has an inherent nobility about him, true royalty among men. He commands a respect that calls for all of nature to bow to his beauty.

"Hello to you, too." He lands me soft on the ground as two perfect dimples elongate on either side of his face.

"This is impossible," I whisper.

"Nothing's impossible, Laken." He locks onto me with those emerald orbs and holds me by the waist. His hands ride up inside my sweater, warm my back with their wandering love, and I melt from the touch.

The room sways like a dream. The residue of that kiss leaves me dizzy with relief that somehow, some way, Wes is here again.

Kresley clears her throat, offers a look that suggests she might slit mine. Her long hair shields part of her face, her eyebrow winnows up like a hook before a genuine rage ignites in her.

"You are going to die," she says it calm, slashing me to ribbons with her wicked glare. "Step the hell away from my boyfriend." Her eyes hold the promise of a viral assault. "Now."

This is Wesley? The Wesley she declared was going to do something asinine like propose to her by midnight?

"Relax." Wes steps between the two of us like he were about to break up a fight. "Laken's just toasted." He presses his hand in the small of my back, and I relax into him as if we were the only two people in the room. I never thought I'd touch Wes again. Not in the flesh and for sure not on this unreasonable day. "She probably thought I was someone else."

"I'm not toasted." I look from him to the pissed off bikini model who has attached herself to his side. She traces his arm around my waist with a look of indignation. A smile tugs at my lips, but I ignore the desire to gloat. "Trust me," I say to Wes. "I know exactly who you are and who I am." I step into Kresley with her goddess-like features, perfect almond eyes, her in-your-face cle**age and jab a finger into the uni-bubble blossoming from her sweater. "Might I suggest you step the hell away? Because this just so happens to be my boyfriend." If I'm going down in this dream, it's going to be fighting for Wes.

She swallows a laugh and smolders. You can see the evil radiating from her like heat off a summer sidewalk.

"I don't take too lightly to people trying to steal what's mine," she seethes.

"What's mine?" I hold back a laugh.

Kresley is quickly becoming the cruel joke within this nightmare.

She leans in and whispers directly into my ear. "When I'm through, you'll wish you never knew him. You'd better watch your back, bitch."

I step away and inspect her. Her harsh glare, her wild temperament, Wesley could never love her, and if he does, clearly he's insane.

"I can wield a pitchfork like a ninja." I say it slow like singing a lullaby. "I could leave you bleeding for hours without hitting a single major artery. If you know what's good, it's you who's going to back the hell off-bitch." I emphasize the expletive for her benefit.

"Laken." Wes steps in. His face lights up disbelieving, but there's a smile playing on his lips. It wants to take over, but he holds it like a secret.

"Can we go outside?" I lean into him. "I think we need to talk." Among other things I plan on doing with him to ensure I enjoy the rest of my psychotic stay.

"No," she hisses, appalled at my audacity. "You cannot go outside or inside or to another damn planet with him."

Funny, because it feels like I've just been transported to one.

She slings an arm around his waist, and for the first time the picture emerges that Wes and the she-monster might actually be a couple.

"Wesley Paxton is taken." She laughs into me as if I were a joke-as if this were the stake she had prepared to thrust in my heart all along.

Wesley Paxton?

"Making friends?" Fletcher slaps me on the shoulder as if this were par for the course, as if I hadn't cried a solid year for him and Wes. Fletch has the same caramel hair as me, same denim eyes and he doesn't look a day over dead.

I latch on and hug him so tight I think I might actually kill him with the effort.

"Fletch, it's really you." Tears spring up unexpected and before I can get a grip I'm weeping over my not-so-dead brother's shoulder. In all honesty we were never that close, but death has a strange way of making you like people just a little bit more.

"Shit," he hisses, full with disappointment. "You're tanked."

"I'm not tanked." I gape at my brother in awe. It's him, not some replica, or close second. I'm actually standing in the same room with Fletch and Wes, and neither of them seems too overly concerned about that whole drowning in the lake thing. In fact, the last time we were in the same room together, they were getting tucked into their caskets for their eternal naps.

"All right." Fletch yanks me back by the shirt. "You made your point. You're the new girl-Rycroft rules, Ephemeral sucks. We get it. I'm taking you back to your room."

"There's no way I'm leaving without Wes." A loose smile plays on my lips just this side of elation. It takes all of my self-control to stop from running my fingers over his face like a blind man, memorizing the landscape of his features by way of my lips.

You would think I declared war-pulled the pin on the grenade I've been lording over Kresley for years, the way the room dulls down to a whisper and all neighboring eyes narrow in on yours truly.

Kresley steps in. "You know what they say is a girl's favorite subject at Rycroft?" She rolls her head, playing to the entire room. "Hoe and tell."

An explosion of laughter erupts.

"Takes one to know one," I fire back.

Her hand flies up unexpected. Kresley's fingernails spike across my face at such an accelerated rate, it takes a few good seconds for the pain to register. Without warning, I land hard on my back with Kresley on top as she entombs me with her snake-like tresses. She kicks and growls, wraps my hair around her wrist like a rope and gives a series of wild tugs that hold the promise of bald patches by morning.

Wes plucks the screaming menace off my person as my head explodes in a ball of hot spasms. Fletch shouts something, but I'm in too much blinding pain to piece the words together. To say she launched the headache that had the power to kill all nine of my unassuming lives would be the understatement of the millennium.

"Let's go," Fletch barks, helping me to my feet. "We're out of here."

"I'm okay." I dust off my thighs and right myself by holding onto his shoulder. If Wes isn't going, neither am I. Although, I don't dare verbalize that fact should Kresley's unbridled passion to scalp me return with vigor.

Wes presses into me with a curious gaze, his face bleaches as he inspects my cheek. I'm spellbound by his thick lashes, the way his lips have filled in, red as pomegranates. Mom always said ruby lips were a sign of good health. And, dear God almighty, Wes is healthy, alive, and breathing in the very same room as me.

"Let's get you cleaned up." Wes glides his hand soft against my cheek and exposes a fresh seam of blood along his fingers. "I'll walk you back." He ticks his head toward the door.

It's as if he doesn't fully understand who I am to him-the things we've done or been through.

"It's me, Wes." I hold his gaze and something in him softens. His eyes round out as though he were seeing me for the very first time, as if he were on the cusp of remembering a dream just out of reach.

Wes wraps an arm around my shoulder. We stride past Kresley, in her bloodied fingernail glory, and don't offer her so much as a glance.

We head for the door, and for the first time in over a year-it feels like I'm alive again.

Fletch follows Wes and I out onto the porch as the damp night air wraps around us like a pair of loving arms.

Two guys wearing matching navy jackets spring up out of nowhere and douse Fletch with a bright red liquid that holds the threat of a permanent stain. The boys melt into shadows around the corner, laughing while howling their victory into the velvet reserve.

"I think you were just assaulted by preppies," I say, tapping his chest. Come to think of it, so was I.

"You got me!" he shouts after them, shaking off the excess fluid. "Damn pledges. I know you put them up to this." He darts a finger at Wes. "I gotta run up and change. Do me a favor, get her to her room and butt a chair up against the damn door, so she can't escape." He turns to me. "Refrain from alcohol," Fletch bemoans as if this solid plea were the bane of his existence. "You need a ride tomorrow?"

"What's tomorrow?"

"Beach day." He plucks at the T-shirt beneath his flannel. "I'll be by at noon. Be ready. I'm director of activities-can't be late." His hair looks darker in this muted light, a richer shade of auburn. His ears peak back as I inspect him. Fletch always reminded me a little of an elf with his pointy ears. For a while I nickednamed him Elfy, but that ticked him off magnificently. Needless to say, after he knocked me around a bit, I let the nickname drop off the charts.

"I'll be ready." I press a hand against his chest and feel his heart thud up against my palm. I need to feel him one more time to assure myself he's real. "Is Lacey here?" The thought hits me unexpected as a Mack truck. If we were all here, it would only make sense. Maybe you don't need to die to land in this unfortunate version of Connecticut. Jen's not dead-although technically, that's not really Jen.

"Who?" He squints into me before making a face at Wes. "Get her some ice." He shoots me a look before disappearing back into the sea of bodies.

"Great," I say mostly to myself as I wipe my hand on my jeans.

"Let me run back and get you something for that cut."

"No." I grab a hold of his hand and interlock our fingers. "I don't need anything. I just need you."

He holds my gaze a moment unsure of what to make of this. "I'm pretty sure I'm not enough to slow down that swelling." His chest rumbles with a gentle laugh. It begs me to press myself against it.

"I'm pretty sure you're more than enough."

Wes leads me off the porch and across an expansive lawn that glows blue under a low hanging moon.

"Nice," I whisper.

"What's nice?" Wes purrs, stroking my hair carful and slow like the fur of an untamed animal.

"This," I say, waving my hand around at the landscape before pulling him in. "You. You're nice, Wes."

"I can't believe she attacked you like that." He presses out a deflated smile in lieu of an apology.

It takes everything in me not to drag him into the bushes, have my way with the boy I lost sleep over and fantasized about until the sun came up. I wept rivers thinking about those jade eyes, that mischievous smile. I died every day that Wes was held captive by the reaper.

Without hesitation I lean up on the balls of my feet and push in a kiss that could seduce a monk out of a vow of celibacy. I missed this. I missed getting lost in the heat of Wesley Parkers mouth more than I did just about anything else. Wes lets out a gut wrenching moan, indulging himself in something deeper and richer before pulling away.

"Whoa." His lids stay closed long after he exhales the word. "Laken." He glances back at the house and gives a depleted sigh. "I'm actually seeing someone."

"Kresley?" It sails out from my lips, dumbfounded, even though I know this to be true.

"Yes." His eyes enlarge as though this were a reality I should have long since realized.

"Are you in love with her?" If she thought shopping for engagement rings were a possibility, chances are, yes, he is in fact under her dubious spell. I stare at him in disbelief as he writhes in the moment as if it were too painful to answer. If he says yes, I'll want to die all over.

"I don't know about love." He wraps an arm around my shoulder as we walk along the crest of a hill. Down below, the dorms lay out like the rectangular pieces from a game board, glinting against the black soulless hills like smoldering tinder. "I like her."

My stomach comes to a sharp boil as I glance back at Henderson Hall.

Kresley's wild interpretation of what might happen tonight comes back to me.

"Were you going to ask her to marry you?" I can barely choke out the words.

"No." It speeds out of him like only the truth can. "In fact, I need to talk to her about that. I've been hearing rumors all week."

"She mentioned you were going to give her something." I try to brush it off. I can't believe I'm here standing on the same side of the soil as Wesley Parker and we're discussing his girlfriend of all things-and it isn't me.

He digs into his pocket and fishes something out, holds it flat on his palm so I can see. It's a small earring, just one, a cut diamond enwreathed in platinum.

"Found it in my room. She thought she lost it."

I don't even want to consider what she might have been doing in his room of all places. In the event Kresley bashing my head in didn't drive home the point she was truly with Wes, the earring she left rolling around under his bed dealt the final blow.

"How's your head?" He touches the pads of his fingers softly over my brow and winces.

"Hurts like hell." Worse now that I have an inadvertent visual of what Kresley's tanned limbs might look like wrapped around my boyfriend's back.

His features dim to pitch. "I told your uncle they let you out too soon."

"My uncle?"

"Yes." He bounces into a soft nod, completely perplexed by my lack of common knowledge.

"Let me out of where?"

"The hospital." He blinks into the sorry state of disrepair my brain has fallen in. "You slipped out of the old tree house. You got all sentimental when he said he was taking it down and flew through the floorboards as soon as you got up there. And evidently," he whispers, "you're still struggling with your memory."

I study him for a moment. Casper used the word programmed earlier. She said there were people I belonged with and they would find me. I'm beginning to wonder if Wes is one of them. I hate to say it, but programmed sounds like the right word to describe everything about him, right down to his Lacoste sweater, his pale blue tie and dress shirt lurking beneath as if they were ashamed to be there.

"You don't remember anything, do you, Wes?" The words fall like tears.

"Remember what?" He circles me with a look of confusion. There's a level of concern brewing in his eyes that lets me know Kresley may not be my biggest obstacle, that one of us is wrong about the past and Wes is convinced it's me.

"Why did she say your name was Wesley Paxton?" Confusion reverberates in me like an echo, amplifying my pain.

"Because it is." He gives a decidedly worried look as if I just confessed to the slaughter of his entire family. "What did you think it was?"

"Parker." I draw my arms tight around my waist. "I thought it was Wesley Parker."

There are some moments you etch into your being, the ones that singe you, leave you emotionally jarred for either good or bad reasons, and for me it's this one.

The moon showers over us with its feathery beams. The mist pools around us, threatening to whitewash the landscape, to steal Wes and make this strange new world disappear forever.

Wesley Parker might be standing here in front of me with God's own breath in his lungs, but there's favorable evidence he doesn't remember a darn thing about who we used to be, Kansas, or the way his lips once covered mine like a habit.

"You felt something for me in there. I saw it in your eyes." I don't mean for it to come out as accusing as it does.

"Laken." He petitions me with a sad affection. "I have a girlfriend, and you're like a sister to me. We practically grew up together. I can't-" He looks wild-eyed out at the horizon. "I can't think of you that way."

His words jag through me like a knife.

Tears lie just beneath the surface. One more power blow to my heart, and I'm going to end this nightmare by blubbering like a baby-that, or a knifing will ensue. I'd gladly gut Kresley for the fun of it.

"I don't believe you." It takes everything in me to push out those words.

Neither of us say anything-neither of us move. I can feel the heat radiating off his person, powerful as a furnace. He feels something, his lips might say no, but his eyes affirm everything I say is true. He sweeps over me and rubs his thumb against my cheek.

"Well then." He licks his lips as though I were a meal. "Maybe I'm a liar."

5

The Beach

In the morning I inspect the foreign landscape outside my bedroom window. Arid white billows swirl along the crimson path. A breeze from the forest shepherds the fog like an army of poltergeists through the sharp, rolling hills. They move lethargically north, rowing their ghostlike arms in some invisible race.

The world outside seems devoid of any color, with the exception of the emerald lawn that campaigns hard for my attention. It lays flat over the hills, thick as felt and makes me want to run barefoot through the curious carpet just to see if I end up somewhere altogether different.

The dull brick dormitories sit interspersed like giant chess pieces from a long forgotten game. Its players abandoned the effort, died, or found themselves in Kansas. It all seems probable, inevitable on some level.

"School is way up there." Casper comes alongside me and points east.

"Yesterday, this woman with dark hair. She found me, told me to come to Austen House, said my sister would be here to greet me."

"Ms. Paxton-school mistress. She can give a rat's ass what we do. I think she's seeing your uncle."

"Interesting."

Casper motions for me to tie her bathing suit, so I do. Her papery flesh reveals way too many ribs-vertebrae rise like dunes all the way up her back.

"I guess I'm meeting him this weekend." I pause at the absurdity of going along with these people. "Wes told me that I fell out of a tree house-that I hit my head."

"You hear it long enough, you'll believe it." She holds out her arm exposing a purple line that jags from her shoulder to her elbow. "Fell out the fifth floor window onto a glass platform. The woman posing as my mother swears it happened."

"What do you think happened?"

"I ran through a glass slider back in Texas where I lived with my real family. I thought it was open, and it shattered. I cut my leg really bad, must've bled through." She pulls a metallic two-piece from out of the drawer and dangles it in the air before tossing it at me. "Kresley gave it to me for my birthday," she over annunciates the words. "I think it'd look really good on you." She gives an impish grin. "It's the perfect F.U."

I examine its scant existence, the barely there bottom that would require both physical perfection and getting intimate with the business end of a razor.

A passive smile pulls on my lips. I think pissing off Kresley is my new favorite pastime.

Fletcher drives Carter, Grayson, and I through barren country roads as if he were dodging serious traffic at rush hour with the entire robot apocalypse in hot pursuit.

"Would you slow down?" I tug on my seatbelt to ensure its resilience in the inevitable event of a crash. "And what the hell's with the swerving?" Fletch never drove so erratic back home. Must be something to do with the brain malfunction he's operating under. Obviously, the masters of this universe rewired him for vehicular manslaughter charges in the not so distant future.

"Relax." He dives in front of a white truck in the opposite lane before maneuvering back. "You gotta live a little. Have some fun."

"Yeah, well, I'd like to live a little longer." An ironic statement, in and of itself. But still, I can't help but feel like every windshield has it out for me, and Fletcher isn't exactly helping the situation.

It takes over an hour to arrive at a beach called Kettles.

We get out and stretch our limbs, nimble as kittens. The fog has eaten away most of the shore, and the salty breeze licks at my bare skin. I take off my shoes and let my feet sink into the sand, soft as baby powder.

I have never been to the beach-sure, a lake, a stream, a river but I've never seen the ocean. I've spent months of my life in a swimming pool, but have never witnessed something so expansive, so majestic that pulls out forever in a span of royal blue. I marvel with an open sense of wonder at how regal it looks, how miraculous it is that the hard cobalt horizon is allowed to kiss the sky so brazenly.

I don't dare confess I've never set my eyes on this magnificence. That I've never tasted salted air, thick as brine.

"Where you sitting?" Carter asks, following Fletch like an enamored puppy, which I think is really lame since she's in a committed relationship. She mentioned her boyfriend, Jackson, couldn't make it, but she didn't seem too broken up about it. She openly flirted with Fletch in the car, which added to the nausea inspired from my brother's rollercoaster driving skills. But despite all of Carter's efforts, it was Grayson who held his attention. It was Grayson who blew up his ego the size of her implants with a steady stream of ill-conceived compliments. Honest to God, after a while, it was starting to sound like some strange demonic chant, oh, Fletch, you're so good at, fill in the blank, quickly followed up by something to do with her modeling career. Come to think of it, it was totally more of a satirical observation. But still, poor Carter doesn't have a cheating leg to stand on.

Fletcher hasn't changed. He's still the same fun loving moron he's always been, in a cold distant way. It's strange to think of him as gone, and now he's here, or rather, I am. Death held him in a better light as far as my opinion of him went. For sure, now that I'm reminded of the fact he can so easily portray himself as an ass, solidifies the fact he's merely my brother-not the superhero I let him morph into after he died. Besides, I like Fletch alive and slightly moronic rather than dead and spectacularly perfect.

A string of pelicans fly in a low V formation, ditching down toward the water before spiking back up into the pale butter sky. They look ancient-their anatomy so prehistoric, I'm not certain modern man was ever supposed to witness them in flight.

It makes me think of the sparrows in springtime. Small ebony darts, spearing through an unblemished country sky.

God-I miss home. I miss miles of golden fields, the small tattered house that holds the scent of refried oil-sweet Lacey's million-dollar smile. I miss her tiny, plump hand embedded in mine. I wish I could bring her here, show her the God-inspired miracle of something so spectacular as the sea. But in this world there is no Lacey, and no Mom, and no real Jen. Wes and Fletch have whet my appetite to linger, but I know where I truly belong. The fact I haven't called an airline-hell, Mom, just proves I'm far too willing to falter in this fictitious universe of my own creation. I just need one more moment with Wes, one last kiss before this entire counterfeit world unravels.

I watch the waves crash and melt into a creamy milkshake as they race up the sand.

In the distance, Wes emerges from the water like Poseidon rising from his throne. I pull forward like a magnet, forgetting to romanticize the cool sand between my toes, the baptism of the Atlantic spraying over my body in a perfect gentle mist. Instead, I zero in on the rush of foam pooling around his legs as if the mighty ocean were bowing to his feet.

Wes spots me and heads over in a sprint.

"You made it in one piece." He shags out his hair, sprinkling me with the residue. "The way your brother drives, I thought for sure I'd have to backtrack and look for the wreckage." Water beads over his perfect body, long and lean with muscles in all the right places. Dear God. Wesley Parker is heaven.

"Glad I survived," I say, throwing my towel on the sand and dropping to my knees before him.

"Are you still here?" A voice comes from the other side as a clothing-deficient Kresley scowls back at me. She sports a complicated bathing suit that neither qualifies as a two-piece nor a one-piece since there's an entire network of floss that connects the scant upper and lower portions-the bottom consists of a precariously small triangle with what looks like a G-string in the back.

"Yup, still here. Present and accounted for." I try to sound chipper like she didn't just piss me off. I predict she'll have an eyeful of sand in less than ten seconds. The situation practically warrants an accidental spraying.

"I got a callback for that part," she says it directly to Wes in an effort to cut me out of the conversation.

"Perfect." He lands on the other side of me and smooths my towel out with a long stroke of his hand. There's something sensual in the way he does it, and it makes my skin crave for him to replicate the effort. "That's what you wanted." He squints into the horizon, disinterested.

"That is what I wanted." There's a note of defeat in her voice as she looks over my body at him. "I always get what I want." She needles me with her hatred-hotter and more lethal than anything the ball of fire spinning overhead could ever manufacture.

I don't break away from her gaze. There's no way I'm backing down to a power bitch like Kresley. I may not always get what I want, but for damn sure I'm getting Wes because he was mine to begin with.

"What about you, Laken?" She annunciates my name with unnecessary roughness. "You ever think of getting into acting?" It comes out forced, full of sarcasm as if to cast a spotlight on her own achievement rather than promote any hidden talent I might have.

"No," I'm quick to initiate. "I don't have time for rehab."

"Be nice." Wes rumbles a dry laugh.

He falls back on his elbows exposing tan skin stretched over rocks of rippling muscle, and I openly gawk at the perfection he's become.

Wesley Parker has turned his body into a bona fide work of freaking art. I don't remember the curves and crevices enunciated over his abdomen, the girth of his arms-legs as thick as tree trunks.

I peel off my sweater with knit holes the size of dimes and toss it to the side. I've gained a few curves myself while we've been apart. I pull back my shoulders hoping Wes will sit up and take notice in the most literal graphic manner.

His Adam's apple rises and falls. His neck twitches as if he wants to look away but can't afford the effort. Instead, Wes lingers. He drags his eyes across my flesh like he's pulling lead weights.

"So was it painful?" Kresley leans into me with her lips parted, ready for war.

"I'll bite." I turn my face to the water. "What?"

"You know, the sex change."

I dart a look to Wes. Swear to God, if that's what this warped fantasy has concocted for me, I'm diving into that septic tank of algae and not coming up for air.

"Leave her alone," Wes says it low as if she were a gnat he were tired of swatting. "You're a beautiful girl, Laken." He shakes out his T-shirt. "Don't let anyone tell you otherwise."

Kresley's eyes widen, first with horror, then with the intent to carry out a felony.

I bask in the moment. Based on the not-so-veiled death threat contorting her features, I'll be paying for Wesley's proclamation of my beauty later. But no matter what she dishes out, it was worth every syllable.

"Hey!" Casper, my newfound roommate, bounces over and sinks into the sand. She bites down a laugh, relishing the fact Wes is overtly giving me a body-scan. "It's two o'clock," she says, knocking her foot into Kresley. "We need to go. Jen's got a cooler in the back of her car." She offers me a short-lived smile. "Kitchen duty follows us everywhere."

"Shit." Kresley stands and slips on a thin voile robe that dusts over her bottom. It leaves the rounded W of her flesh hanging out the back, and it looks more than slightly obscene. She stabs her feet into a pair of flip-flops, flicking sand in my direction as they trot toward the parking lot.

"Remind me to never get kitchen duty," I say, dusting off my limbs from the peppered assault.

Wes presses out a devious smile. He licks his lips like he were mapping out what part of me he'd like a bite of first. I want to accuse him of seducing me, tell him that I don't mind, that I want it, but my vocal cords are paralyzed by the sheer volume of his biceps.

"You wanna wash that off?" He offers.

There it is again, that lower register in his voice, as if he's trying to lure me into the bushes. Not that Wes would ever need to lure me anywhere. I'm there at the ready. I'm pretty sure I'll be taking advantage of him long before I rouse from this bitter realm.

"I think I got it." I try to scour the sand off but it's no use. I'm coated like a powdered donut.

"How about I throw you in?" His lips curve with devilish intent.

"I bet you'd love that." I bow my lashes into him. "Throwing me into freezing water." It has hypothermia written all over its glacial stare.

Wes jumps up and snatches at me, touches my bare stomach in one quick stroke.

"No you don't!" I hop to my feet and take off as he chases me down the beach.

I can hear him thundering behind me, creating a heartbeat over the sand with every step he takes. Wes could make the earth quake with his looks alone. It's a wonder the ground doesn't open up and swallow him down from the sheer desire to have him for herself.

I hurdle a patch of knotgrass only to end up closer to the shore than anticipated. A soft bubbling laughter emits from deep inside my chest, happy to be here with Wes-happy to be anywhere with him. I haven't felt joy like this in ages, not since before that horrible night they were found face down. I still remember the sky lit up like a flame from the ambulance, the fire truck-every faculty of authority too impotent to save.

He darts around, blocks my path and gives a slow spreading grin before picking me up and racing me into the shock of cold water.

"Wes!" I scream as a wave douses the two of us in one icy bite. It knocks him off his feet and lands us on the soggy soil below, the water no higher than my waist. "It's freezing!" I shrill as my teeth give way to an uncontrollable chatter.

A bear trap clamping over my middle would have been more welcome.

"You'll get used to it." He staggers to his feet and pulls me out deeper until the water laps over our shoulders.

We swim up over the waves as they roll in, one after another. But I don't pay attention to the ocean or the unblemished sky, the seaweed coiling around my ankle wanting to pull me down. Instead, I hone my effort in on the beautiful boy by my side, glistening like a long-forgotten jewel.

A part of me weighs heavy over the fact I'm still here. I should be racing home to Lacey. I should have made a bigger effort to find a phone and call my mother to let her know I'm still breathing, but I'm too far gone, too enamored with having Wes for just a few more hours. I'm half afraid if I do call my mother, it might unravel whatever miracle is taking place-cut short my time in this dreamland and yank me back into a pool of shattered glass. One thing's for sure. I'm not in any hurry to break this spell.

I reach over and run the palm of my hand over his newly slicked hair. Wes has graduated from handsome to an extraterrestrial level of gorgeous that can't be expressed with mere human words.

"I've missed you so much," I whisper.

"I'm right here." He squints into me, his dark brows dip in a flirtatious manner.

I glance back at the shore. Everything has reduced to miniature, the people, the places, the fantasy of it all.

"So..." My chin trembles. "Did you give Kresley back the earring?" Really I want to know if he kissed her after she beat the crap out of me. Her reaction to the fact it wasn't a proposal-if he loved her-that kind of damaging information could kill me for real.

"Yes, I gave it back." He pans over me with a look of wonder as if he were hardly paying attention to the topic at hand. He looks spellbound, more than a little intrigued by what he sees. "She thought I was giving her a gift." His forehead creases. "Kresley's brain automatically reverts everything to cash and prizes." He splashes a handful of water over his face, washing her away like a bad idea.

"Did you have your talk?"

"Kind of." His eyes slit to shore. "Things got slightly derailed last night by way of you."

My stomach explodes with heat. The idea of derailing his plans with anybody of the female persuasion pleases me.

"This isn't who you are." I run my fingers through the back of his hair-slick and glossy, so dark, the darkest black-the deepest part of the night sky couldn't rival that beautiful color.

"Tell me who I am," he says it playful, almost like a dare.

"You, my love, are Wesley Parker." I mouth it fully as if some erotic fantasy were about to play out. "You live on your grandpa's farm with your mom. You love painting more than anything-you mostly paint trees."

"Trees?" He leans in. I can feel his warm breath rising over my cheek as the current presses us together.

"Because you know I love them." I blush when I say it, locking our gaze with something just this side of a promise.

"Okay," he whispers. "Tell me something about you, other than the things with the trees." He gives a brilliant smile like he's playing along with my insanity-only I get the feeling that deep down inside he really wants to know. He can't hide his curiosity. It elongates like a spool, and I run with it.

"I love frozen grapes." I bite down on my lip. "I have an aversion toward girls named Kresley." It comes out far more truthful than it does playful. "I write silly things on the back of leaves and give them to you." I don't tell him that I wrote "I love you" a thousand times or that he was my everything or that he saved every leaf I'd ever given him in a box beside his bed-that I did the same with the ones he gave me. "You used to help me pick Maple leaves off the ground. We would measure them against our hands." I spread my fingers out of the water as if to demonstrate.

"Whoa," he says rather calm while eyeing a monstrous wave behind me. "Under." He pulls me down by the waist, and my ears fill with the stillness of the ocean-nothing but the sound of air bubbles rising from my lips. His fingers press in just above my hips, and my insides tremble with pleasure.

It feels intimate like this. It feels right.

I wrap my arms and legs around his bare flesh tight as a coil. I'm so thirsty for Wes. Every cell in my body drinks down his touch as the wave sweeps softly overhead.

We pop back up to the surface, and I forget to let go.

Wes rumbles with a nervous laugh at our newfound position. I press my chest into him-let him feel the warmth from my body as I take in his.

"So, did you break up with her?" I'm not really interested in the answer. The girl on the shore, whatever her name was, however big her claim was to Wes, she's already history-nothing more than a freckle on our existence.

Wes brightens and holds back a smile as though he heard every word.

"I may have." He gives a little laugh, his chest rumbling over mine.

"Good." My breathing becomes erratic. It's bliss like this with Wes, my knees high over his back-my ankles interlocked, securing us together. I never want to get out of the water. "She's not your type." My heart picks up pace, delivering one blow after another from my chest to his.

The smile dissipates from his lips as his eyes magnetize to mine. It's undeniable, this powerful, unbreakable bond-this love affair that spans two lifetimes. Death couldn't keep us apart. I doubt Kresley, in all her wicked glory, could do much better.

"What's my type?" It comes out breathless as his arms secure themselves over my back and he pushes me in ever so slightly.

"I am," I say, edging my mouth toward his.

"Laken." He breathes my name as if this were so utterly insane, so unforgivably impossible. "We shouldn't."

But his lips ache for a kiss.

Everything in him screams we should.

6

The Circle

A lavender sky ignites with shades of fuchsia and apricot just before sunset. A neat row of bonfires dot the sand all the way down the bleached shore. Carter and I lounge in front of the smallest one off to the side.

I'm not sure if anyone saw Wes and I holding one another out in the water, but judging by the way Kresley keeps luring him off so they can "talk" makes me pretty sure she suspects something of a sexual nature is about to erupt between the two of us. I can't blame her since the lust-driven energy expels from our bodies like fumes.

"We get our classes tomorrow," Carter announces, staring off at the hard line of the horizon. Her hair has frizzed out into a giant ball of ringlets that nest above her head. "We're both juniors, so we should be in at least a few of the same classes."

"What about seniors? We have any classes with them?" I try to sound casual, watching Wes and his psychotic ex-girlfriend press against the horizon like cutout silhouettes.

"You mean Wesley? Boy, you're not even going to hide the fact you're into him." She wipes the sand off her thighs like it was no big deal to begin with.

"I think he broke up with her last night."

"Really?" She braces herself against the chair as if she's just heard the best gossip ever. "Keep away from him until it's official. That kind of bull doesn't go over so well around here."

Ironic, considering the source.

"Right." It doesn't go over so well where I'm from either. I shoot a look in their direction. "So, what's up with you and Fletch?"

"Fletcher?" She says it like as if she needed to confirm we were talking about the same person, as if the shortened version of his name sounded too foreign to be accurate. "I'm working on Fletcher and me-bringing it home. Just like you."

"Well I have news for you." I don't take my eyes off of Wes. "I am bringing it home." I roll over and face her. "Hey, Carter? What did I do at Rycroft that was so bad they had to kick me out?"

Her eyes widen, the flames dance over her face hypnotic and smooth.

"Get out." She nudges sand at me by way of her foot. "You're a freaking riot, you know that?"

"No, I mean it. I can't remember." I point to my head. "That whole tree house thing."

"Oh right." She leans back as if my memory lapse made complete sense. "You know..." She bears into me. "Rather than me telling you, maybe you should ask Wesley to show you. I bet you'd appreciate a demonstration right about now."

I'm sort of liking the salacious prospect of it all.

"I bet I would." I melt into a smile.

She hops up as if she's about to retrieve him for the spontaneous presentation, then stops dead in her tracks.

I look past the curve of her shin and catch him with Kresley-the two of them locked in an embrace. She pecks a kiss on his lips, and he nods into her.

It wipes the smile right off my face.

The roaring fire keeps me company as the long purple and blue tongues lick at the air, gasping for breath just to survive. The fire is hungry, and I've made it my responsibility to feed the flames, ignoring the good time had by all taking place around me.

Wes and Fletch sit with a group of guys on the opposite end of the blaze. I haven't seen Kresley since she managed to pee a circle around Wes. I think she and Casper left early, something about getting the kitchen ready for tomorrow. I'm not sure what they did to amass the killjoy that is kitchen duty, but I'm glad for the punishment-I hope it lingers.

"Hey." Wes lands next to me in a chair. The velvet night expands around him as the starry hosts honor him with their sparkling tendrils. "You looked like you needed this." He holds out a stick with two marshmallows spiked over the tip. His face glimmers with brilliant flashes of light from the fire. Just the pleasure of having his feet on the same soil should be enough for me. I should be happy as long as he's content with whoever he wants to be with, but I'm not that altruistic. It kills me that someone like Kresley may have stolen Wes from underneath me while I was busy grieving his mortal soul.

"Thank you," I say, taking the stick and jabbing it into the fire until the marshmallows glow a marmalade orange.

"Tell me more about this other life of yours." Wes bears into me with something more than a pressing curiosity. I can feel him wanting to touch me, wanting to pick up my hand as natural as breathing.

"Ours," I correct. "Our life. We're from Kansas." Then I spill everything. I tell him about the farm, the field we used to lay in all day until the stars broke through, how we spent hours in the summer just walking around the lake-holding hands, our first kiss.

He gives a somber nod while losing his gaze in the flames. The light from the fire flickers against his skin in sunburst hues of yellow and tangerine.

Wes gives a reluctant smile born of pain, exposing the sharpened points of his canines. I don't remember them bolting down into perfect spears like that before, but then again, everything about him is just ever so slightly different.

"You think I'm insane." I can hardly push the words out.

"No." He's quick to answer. He shakes his head long after he says it. "Laken, I think you hit your head, and while you were out, you had some very convincing dreams." He lays his hand over mine. "I'm flattered to have played such a starring role."

I slide down in my seat-toss the branch into the fire and watch the fire cradle it with its white-hot affection then cool to a timid blue.

I find it ironic Wes thinks I've lost my mind-that I dreamed everything about us that was ever true and pure. Casper was right, I shouldn't have said anything, especially not to Wes-Wesley Paxton, whoever the hell he's become.

"I'm interested though." He produces another stick and attaches two more marshmallows from a bag nearby before handing it to me. "It sounds fascinating." Wes holds my gaze with the slight look of concern. "I think you really believe these things-that the feelings you have are real. I'm touched that you thought of me. I care about you, Laken, and I care about where your heart is."

"Like a sister? Is that how you care about me?" I challenge him with the words, trying to stave off the strong pull of tears. I'd rather argue with Wes than bawl like a baby. "I'm like family. I get it." A part of me wants to strangle Wes, kill him myself for not believing a thing I've said. I'm not going to recount any more stories of our life on the farm. I just hope to God he won't have a good laugh about it later with Kresley while they indulge in some p**n ographic makeup session.

"Did you sleep with her?" I take in a breath at the thought. Maybe that's what I'm up against. He's far too immersed in her because they've already connected on so many psychological and physical levels.

His head tips back a notch as though it came from left field.

"Oh my God." I mouth the words. "You did." I had no idea. "That's okay." I try to compose myself, to hone in on the stabby bitch who lives somewhere deep inside me. It was her strength that helped me survive when he died and I desperately need her caustic superpowers now.

"In this little dream world of mine, you drowned in a lake with Fletch." I spit it out like I willed it to happen. "About nine months later, I hooked up with Tucker Donavan, the guy that took over your position as quarterback." I don't tell him I pretended he was Wes both times we were together. I get up and spear my stick into the fire like a javelin and watch as the marshmallows turn as black as our love.

"Don't worry, he made sure I had a very good time in your absence." I leave out the part about Tucker turning out to be the man-whore of Cider Plains-that he fashioned a knife out of the volleyball team and bludgeoned my heart with it. I speed down toward the beach and let the damp breeze wash over me, wet as a blanket.

The sea foam glows a splendid shade of white under the pale stone moon that lounges up above. I let the ice water flow over the tops of my feet and stand still a moment to take in the burn. I like the pain, appreciate how very hard it tries to remind me that I'm real, that this very situation is happening, that it's not some dream or depraved fantasy I can escape from.

Maybe it's Casper who's insane. Maybe I did fall out of a crappy old tree house, and now I'm spouting all kinds of demented things trying to convince the world I'm right.

"Want some company?"

My heart gives an unsettled lurch as I turn around.

It's just Flynn-probably here to inaugurate me into his unholy harem.

"Sure." I continue a slow plod down shore.

"Try not to sound so enthused." His hair shines like silver under the illuminated fog. He wears an impish smile as if acknowledging on some level he's cuttingly attractive. I can see why the girls are quick to fall to their knees.

"Sorry. I'm not exactly the life of the party tonight."

"No, I get it. I hate when I'm into someone and the feeling's not reciprocated."

A pang of embarrassment rips through me.

Am I really that obvious? I dart a glance back at the crowd and see Wes on the chair next to Fletch again.

"From what I hear, that would be an anomaly for you." I try to play it off. "Everyone worships at your altar." I'm beginning to think it's no coincidence the only boy drawn to me is Ephemeral's resident vagina jockey. I seem to attract them wherever I go. And if Casper's right, the powers that be likely placed him here. If they would have paired me with Wes-given me Mom and Lacey, Jen too, I would have happily gone along with whatever universe they wanted. Ephemeral doesn't really seem that bad.

The forest blinks through my mind, the zombie, the boy with a face of a god, and I retract the thought.

"I get shot down." He pushes his shoulder into mine playfully. "In fact, I think it's happening now. You're deflecting my efforts."

God, he even sounds like Tucker, and I mean that in the worst possible way. There must be some man-tramp law that stipulates you make every girl feel like she belongs on a pedestal.

"Yes, as in you," he confirms, picking up my hand. "You're openly rejecting me."

"That's because I hear you're on a mission to bed every girl on campus."

"Rumors." His teeth flash when he says it. "Kiss-I'm on a mission to kiss every girl on campus."

I look back at the bonfire. Both Fletch and Wes are fixed in this direction, probably watching to see if I'll reprise my Rycroft ways.

Flynn glances back. "I'm not opposed to riling someone up with jealousy either," he says, pulling me in by the waist.

"Yes, but will you hate me in the morning?" I bite down a laugh.

There are probably more egregious sins than kissing Flynn Masterson beneath a star-laden sky. At least he's a willing participant, unlike Wes, and I doubt Flynn finds any sisterly qualities in me, at least not at the moment.

"I'll recover quickly." He darts a smile before diving in.

Flynn's kiss is alive with the unabashed lust he doles out for girls by the bowlful.

It makes me realize how strong Wesley's feelings are for me.

The kiss we shared last night was layered with a passion far more viral than this display of empty animalistic craving.

Wesley's kiss held strong to the residue of our love, and it proved every bit of him a liar.

7

To Die For

The damp morning fog presses against the window, washing the backdrop of Ephemeral out of existence as I stare glassy-eyed from my room. The school itself is the only visible structure, the towers spear into the air like a castle in the sky. They point upward as if praising God, succumbing to his glory while holding all of its secrets from us like a poker hand.

It's as though all of this, the mist, the fairytale setting of the forest, and the gothic relic of the school proper is trying to tell us something, affirm the fact there's more going on than we can see or believe.

"Everything looks like a dream," I say, sitting on the fat ledge of the windowsill.

"Get used to it." Casper runs her fingers through her short hair, spiking it up before patting it back down into submission. "Fall hits hard around here, then, winter. Don't get me started on the snow. It's like being buried alive in a freezer for months." She comes over and sighs into the window, traces a heart into the glass then erases it as if she were disappointed in all the world had to offer.

"We didn't get much snow in Cider Plains. I'd love to see more of it." Not that I'll stick around. Once I convince Wes and Fletch who they really are, I'm sure we'll catch the first flight back home. I feel horrible looking forward to something like snow when I know Lacey and Mom are probably grieving my absence. "You ever miss your family?"

"I hardly remember them." She picks up the brush and sweeps it through her shorn locks. "Isn't that terrible?"

"You have Flynn, though."

"He's not my real brother. He was assigned." She grabs a gold barrette off the vanity and clips it by her temple.

I cringe when she says "assigned." It sounds completely insane.

"Anytime something doesn't sit right with you, get it on paper. I have a ton of notes-theories I've jotted down over the years. But make sure you hide them. You can't trust anybody. I wouldn't put it past them to riffle through our things when we're not here."

Riffle through our stuff? Shit. She's beyond psychotic. This is exactly what I was afraid of. I was way too eager to follow her down the psycho path, and now Wes thinks I'm in need of mental repair. Of course, he might be right, but I'll never admit it.

I give a dull smile into her paranoia.

"I sleep with earplugs." She points up at the speakers overhead. "That's how they brainwash us," she whispers before bursting into a deranged laugh.

Oh my, God-this is all a joke. I've spilled my guts and now the entire school is going to flog me with my insanity.

Obviously I've hit my head. Obviously I'm Laken Anderson, not Laken Stewart. There is no Cider Plains, no other family other than Fletch and ditzy Jen.

A sharp pang of grief rips through me as I try to dissolve Lacey out of existence.

"Hey, it's okay." She comes over and wraps her arm over my shoulders, enwreathing me with the clean scent of her perfume. "Get yourself together and I'll meet you at Ridley Hall. It's to the right of the English building. They're passing out schedules, and they'll probably try to get you to sign up for fifty stupid things to keep you busy until graduation. I've got kitchen duty, so I gotta run."

"What's with the kitchen duty?"

She gives a hard sigh. "I let Kresley talk me into some seriously stupid shit and landed myself as the scullery maid to the tune of seventeen weeks. Miss a day, add two," she sings sarcastically.

"What was so scullery maid worthy?" I say it low like trying to lure a tiger into a steel jaw trap.

"Let's just say Kres and I were on a little male expedition at Melville and ran into Ms. Paxton."

"I thought Wes lived at Henderson."

"He does." Casper sways her hip with a devilish grin. "I gotta go. I have a quick errand to run before I start sloshing oatmeal." Her eyes enlarge with anticipation. "I might just crack the case, of the not-so-grim reaper, wide open." She bears into me with a wild grimace that suggests her sanity has long since left the building. "It's all happening. I swear I'm going to prove to everyone that this whole place is made of pure bullshit. We're lucid, and in a few short hours, everyone else will be, too."

Something tells me I may not want to pair myself socially with Casper just yet. Right about now her track record of lucidity could go either way. Personally, I'm rooting for her sanity to win out, so waiting a few short hours may prove to be treacherous.

"Tell me what you know," I demand. I'm not in the mood to shit around.

"Not yet." She snatches her purse off the bed. "Later, maybe if you're good. Keep pissing off Kres-you're impressing the hell out of me."

"She mention anything last night? You know, about her and Wes?"

"As in the status of their relationship?" She presses her feet in a pair of shoes that remind me of the wedges my mother wore to the diner. She would let me borrow them if I was on the schedule without her. It felt like walking on marshmallows, warm and secure in her well-worn shoes. Just the memory of Mom brings back her sodden temper, her weak will to keep away from the liquor cabinet. I'm not sure what I miss more at this point, Mom or her shoes.

"He wants a break." She averts her eyes to the ceiling. "I'm guessing he didn't have the balls to officially end it with her. I could see why though-it's like giving a cat a bath, you have to do it slowly, or you might lose both your eyes in the process."

"The break was probably her idea." I'd like to think Wes wants nothing more to do with her. I'd like to think it's impossible that'd he'd even consider extending their relationship, but then again, he did let her touch him last night, indulge in a peck on the lips.

She shakes her head. "That's one thing about Kresley, she's a straight shooter. She might be a royal bitch, but she tells the truth just like a bullet. See you down there." She shuts the door then pokes back in. "Ridley," she shouts before slamming the door with finality.

Kresley may know how to tell the truth, but so did that kiss Wesley seared over my lips.

It occurs to me after she takes off that I forgot to mention the creature I encountered in the forest, more importantly the mysterious boy who saved me.

I do a quick change and try to follow Casper out the door, but she's already shot through the main hall and onto the brick road that unfurls in ten different directions.

The wind picks up, tosses my hair into the sticky lip gloss I made the mistake of applying, and holds it there as punishment for committing the magenta-based beauty offense.

I try to wipe it off with the back of my hand, but it doesn't budge, just creates a honeyed layer over my skin.

The landscape looks barren, save for a few spare students, none of them being my fair-haired roommate. I try to decipher which way Casper might have went to run the errand that will supposedly launch a thousand CSI investigations.

I spot her shock of blond hair near the forest's edge.

She pauses a moment before cinching the wool coat around her waist. She darts into the necrotic woods like a distance runner at the starting block. Casper believes she's on her way to winning the race of a lifetime, two lifetimes to be exact.

"Casper!" The wind extinguishes my voice before it leaves my lips. "No." I jog forward. "Don't go in there," I whisper, breaking into a full-blown sprint.

A vision comes to me. Twisted arms and legs, rags of clothing dangling off an entire herd of zombie-like creatures all lunging toward her small, frail body.

"Casper!" I scream as she evaporates into the woods with finality. The fog filters in. It comes in spurts, thick as cotton candy.

I cut across the lawn and race down the hill toward the black of the forest. I can feel its gravitational pull drawing me in, daring me to go over-begging me to come. It lulls me into its mysterious shadows the way the ocean drinks down its victim moments before they drown.

I halt just shy of the base and wander in slow past the first few trees. Their gnarled branches extend like fingers inviting me in.

Evergreens as regal as soldiers stand erect, an entire infantry on patrol. They hold their weapons like secrets. But I already know about the monsters who wander these woods with their rotting flesh-their stench to match.

The wind whispers my name like a choir, and I step out of the box trap of the forest.

How could I go in when I know full well what lurks among those branches? What if my mysterious savior is busy sharpening his switchblades and neglects to come to my aid just when I'm in need of delivering a good pithing? Can I really thrash the brains out of a flesh-eating monster to save Casper?

A high-pitched scream bursts from the bowels of the thicket. It sends a series of goose bumps racing over my body so violent I'm half convinced my flesh has harnessed the power to consume itself.

Another scream-its primal distress rattles through my bones.

That's her.

I snatch a branch off the ground the length of a javelin and take a deep breath.

It's time to thrash some zombies.

8

Monster Mash

The world extinguishes all color.

The downturned arms of the branches hold out their slivered tendrils like swords. Fog fills in the gaps, giving the forest the appearance of a negative from an old forgotten photo-some sleepy world where people still believe in monsters, boogiemen-the ungrateful dead.

Something darts out of the pine to my left, and I let out a sharp cry.

An owl pants and whimpers. It struggles to lift itself, agitating its inefficient wings until securing a position on a higher bow.

"Just a bird." I pant. "Casper?" My voice comes back to me in duplicate.

Another cry erupts, horrific and impatient as if begging for mercy, and I speed off in that direction. The long stick I foolishly chose to brandish snags on everything in my path. It knocks sloppily into the ground, so I ditch it. There's not a thing on my person I could use as a weapon unless you count the lip gloss in my pocket, and judging by all the loose hairs clinging to my mouth for dear life, it might prove to be great ammunition. I could be the kissing warrior. I'll have my lips ripped off my face from sheer stupidity.

"Casper? Where are you?" My words dwindle in volume. Something tells me losing the element of surprise in addition to being deficiently armed is not the best strategy. I have a feeling there is no strategy, no effective weaponry that could prevail against monsters like these. But then, the boy who saved me prevailed. He outright killed one, and he just so happened to be human-I think.

I pick up my pace until it feels like the forest is closing in on me as a consistent barrage of branches attack.

A loud growl breaks out, then two, then more than I could ever hope to count. I grab a hold of the skinny trunk of a birch to slow down my efforts.

Another series of growls consume the forest. They rattle the floor as though it were an earthquake.

What the hell?

The ground pulsates. My feet bounce on solid ground as though it were about to spilt wide open and swallow me.

The forest is alive with movement. The sound of deep, guttural breathing emanates from around. The shadows come to life as a group of hideous creatures emerge in a pack. This is no run-of-the-mill casket revival. These are a richer fare of demon-the kind without any human attributes at all, just devils on legs with faces that loosely resemble panthers.

A rush of mutated creatures stream out, moving with exaggerated speed. It seems impossible, considering they're eight feet tall with a girth as wide as a door.

"Shit!" I put in a failed attempt to climb the nearest tree. My hands dig into the loose bark, and I make it five feet before sliding back down and cutting my palms.

One of the creature's growls, looks right into me with his jaundice eyes, and snaps his jaw as if alerting the rest of them to the fact I'm a meal that's not to be shared.

I stumble backward.

Crap.

Casper was probably the entree, and now they're betting on me for dessert.

I pray to God she passed out at the horror of these deformed menaces. I hope she didn't feel a thing.

"No, no, no," I repeat in spasms, continuing to back up as though I could ever outrun them. For a moment, I cradle the fantasy of leading them right into the administration building and causing the biggest and quite possibly most unique school massacre in Connecticut history. Then the powers that be will wish they left me to rot like a corpse-sleeping in a cemetery, tucked safe under six feet of Kansas soil.

Cemetery-God, what if they've had a funeral for me? I bet Tucker was there playing the part of grieving boyfriend, and, of course, Megan Bartlett would be there to offer up her sympathy by way of her cle**age.

An image of Lacey weeping graveside sends a hot pang of grief through me. I've let this go on like some death wish, and now the afterlife and all the trimmings seem like a real possibility. We had Fletch and Wesley's caskets covered in roses, such a deep red, you'd swear they had the blood of Christ in them. They were beauty and magic rolled into one. I told Mom I'd want a dress with those black magic roses, and she said be careful what color rose you profess to be your favorite. It will haunt you to the grave.

Without putting too much thought into it, I pick up a branch and begin whacking the hairy beasts on the side of their misshapen heads. I'm determined to show them what if feels like to have a headache follow you into your next carnation.

"Laken!" A male voice booms from behind.

Wes appears in the midst of the creatures, picks two of them up in tandem, and tosses them to the ground before stomping on their necks with a vigor and ferocity that would spell out death to any life form.

I swat the next one down with the makeshift baseball bat in my hands until I'm snatched from behind and launched in the air.

"Wesley!"

My stomach does a soft roll as I pick up speed, heading into the atmosphere, high as the uppermost branches of the pines.

The world blurs. The ground comes at an accelerated rate, annunciating the fact I could easily break my neck.

An entire procession of tree limbs gaff my back. They attempt to break my fall with their needlelike appendages, stiff as a gurney. I manage to grab a hold of an errant branch. It eats into my hands as I slip slowly toward its distal tip-the ground below waits for me a good fifteen feet.

My head explodes with pain as I contemplate what a fall from this height might do to my body. I could be paralyzed. I could have eaten my last meal by way of my esophagus. They'll be pumping protein directly into my stomach from here on out.

If I let go right now my head will burst like a melon-like a water balloon from a second floor balcony.

I glance down and spot Wes fending off a circle of beasts like a cage fighter. He kicks one in the gut, launching him a good ten feet back. I watch as the monster flails on the ground before hissing away to nothing, evaporating into a thin trail of smoke that blends with the morning fog.

"Oh my God." I cinch my eyes closed in a panic.

That is so not natural. You cannot tell me things simply disappear, and I'm supposed to accept it-especially things that have no business existing in the first place.

Am I going to disappear if I hit the ground just right? Maybe that's all that ever happens to us, we just evaporate from one world and simply appear in the next.

"I can't hold on," I cry, clawing at the flimsy branch.

"I'm coming." He grunts out the words like he's not-like he's incapacitated by some not-so-friendly felines that want to twist our heads off just for the hell of it. "Drop." Wesley's voice roars across acres of woodland, vibrating the needles on the pines around me.

I don't bother looking down to confirm he's indeed speaking to me or to see if I could manipulate my landing and fall safe in his waiting arms. Instead, my fingers use his command as the excuse they needed to abandon the effort, and I free fall through the short expanse, hard like a stone.

I land with a soft thud in Wesley's hungry arms. Without evaluating the moral issues at stake or even taking a head count of the grizzly beasts roaming free in the forest, I push into the warmth of his neck and give a soft tender kiss.

"Thank you," I breathe.

"Let's get the hell out of here." He places me down and takes up my hand. Wes leads us out of the dense preserve with a skill and precision that alerts me to the fact this isn't his first dance through these haunted woods. Judging by the way he navigates the forest at a hundred miles an hour, it lets me know he could map this place out in his sleep if he had to.

"Casper's back there." I give a tug trying to slow him down.

He pauses to look over my shoulder.

"I don't think so."

"She is. I saw her come in-I heard her scream."

"Trust me, Laken." He picks up his pace, faster than before. "If she was-she's not anymore."

"Where is she?" I shout over my panting.

"You don't want to know."

9

The Break Up

Wesley Parker is wrong.

I do want to know-badly I want to know what the hell just happened, but he takes me by the hand and escorts me back to Austen House, deflecting my questions with his missile shield of a mouth-perfect mouth, but still.

"Look," I say as we head upstairs. The air holds the scent of expensive perfume mixed with maple oatmeal. "I saw her go into the forest with my own eyes." I know I sound like a big lunatic to Wes, but her life is in danger, and if those beasts did anything to Casper at all, her life may be long over.

"It's foggy and windy." Wes presses out a sad impression of a smile as we pause on the stairwell. "Weather like this messes with your head. Makes you see things that aren't really there. I bet you saw someone walking along the ridge-people are always doing that." His eyes wash over me with a grief that suggests he's simply spinning words to appease me. "Look, she's probably upstairs in the room right now." He wiggles my hand for me to continue on up.

"When we were running out of the forest, you said I wouldn't want to know where she was."

"Because she's probably with some guy." His brow arches and falls.

It's fascinating to see Wes standing against the dark backdrop of Austen House. There's something theatrical produced in the effect. Wes holds the stage like a king. He's unknowingly pulled me into his world, and now we're both fodder for some invisible audience.

I glance down at his fingers intertwined with mine. It feels natural, organic as if we were one species, as if we have been all along. Wes and I held hands as soon as we could walk. We never let go. You can bury a person, erase their memories, create a whole new being out of them, but you could never entomb love.

His eyes widen, and he gives a shy smile as if I had said those words out loud.

"Well good f**king morning." Kresley descends with lethargic agitation. She's sporting knee-high socks pulled over her long slender legs. She has on shorts with a T-shirt that reads 08, a heavy satin jacket over that. A pair of ice-blue canvassed tennis shoes glow against the navy carpet, the right one encased with fresh mud along the rim.

I glance up at her with surprise. Looks like someone's already been out.

The brick path-the lawn, neither could offer her a welt of soil an inch thick, unless of course, she went off the beaten path, also known as the forest.

She swings a racket over the top of Wesley's head in a not-so-playful manner. It's only then I figure out what sport she's geared up for.

"So," she begins, rife with sarcasm, "I guess taking a break qualifies me to sneak into Henderson and head upstairs with the first piece of trash I see."

I've never been in a fight, never so much as socked anyone except Fletcher, but I have the distinct feeling today is a wonderful day to rectify that. I'd love to be the reason Kresley is in need of emergency orthodontics. I'm sure a new set of veneers will only enhance her burgeoning acting career.

"I hear you prefer Melville," I say, toying with the idea of pushing her over the railing. "And who exactly are you calling trash?"

"Let's see, genius..." She tilts her head, soaking in the irony. "You would be the one luring him upstairs, so I guess if the shoe fits-"

"Enough." Wes sounds weary, tired of Kresley in every single way. "Laken scraped her knee, and I wanted to make sure she was okay." He pulls me up a few more steps. "But now that you mentioned it, I think maybe our break should be over."

"Thank you." Her eyes slit in my direction as she offers a victorious scowl.

"He's breaking up with you, genius," I say. God, I hope he's breaking up with her, or I might be moved to push them both over the railing.

"Are you breaking up with me?" Her face glazes over at the impossibility.

"If the shoe fits." Wes doesn't bother waiting for a response, just tugs me up the rest of the way.

A surge of adrenaline pulsates through me.

Even if he won't admit it, deep down inside, Wesley Parker still loves me.

I haul Wes up the rest of the way to my room and kick the door shut behind us.

"Victory," I whisper with a sly smile. I have the distinct feeling any alone time we have in the future will be just that, a hard won victory. That's okay. I'm up for a ninja-worthy battle. I'll keep a pocketful of throwing stars at the ready. Wesley is definitely worth the fight.

A blue piece of paper sits on the desk that supposedly belongs to me. The note wasn't there when I left.

I go over and examine the loopy handwriting. A cell phone sits nestled underneath. I pick up the phone and fondle it, let it slip in my hand, still new from the factory.

Laken, Found this. You must have dropped it. - Casper

I stare at it a moment.

"I think I just got a new phone," I announce. Although, I'm skeptical the memo came from Casper.

"There you go." He flicks a finger at the note. "Casper was here. She must have come back while you were out. There's no way she would have gone in that forest." He falls back on my bed and closes his eyes a moment.

Wes stretches out. He extends his arms as if beckoning me over. Wes is sublime in every way-a perfect work of art. It looks as if he's reenacting Caravaggio's agonizing portrait, The Conversion of St. Paul.

Wes and I used to comb through old art books from the library. We held to the premise that each painting, sculpture, fresco, was somehow cluing us in on a bigger mystery, one that lurked over our shoulders like a shadow waiting to swallow us when we least expected it. And it did. We were the detectives on the verge of decoding something tremendous and frightening. And now, here we were, locked in our worst nightmare.

He leans up on his elbows and lingers over me with a heavy gaze as if he weren't sure what to do with me.

I shudder for a moment. Something about Wes is hauntingly disturbing. It's like he doesn't want to talk about what happened in the forest. As if he wished the creatures and all mention of them would simply go away.

Nevertheless, I'm done harping over the fact I saw Casper-that I heard her scream. I'm sure in this delusionary world, she'll come home safe at some point in the day with armfuls of shopping bags. Maybe the only thing that had Casper running and screaming was a sample sale. And if she did meet up with another unfortunate demise, I probably shouldn't lose sleep over that either. This is clearly a place where the dead don't understand their role in that whole circle of life thing. No, this is a place where people scream and fend off demons in the woods because it's expected of them, where the impossible simply inverts itself and becomes permissible, banal-mediocre even.

The only thing I'd really like to focus on right now is the fact a newly single Wesley Parker is sprawled out on my bed.

Wes glances down at the phone still cradled in my hand. "Who you gonna call?" His cheek slides up on one side.

"Monster-busters." It comes out maudlin, less enthusiastic than it ever should have to, partially because I happen to wish I could.

I decide to profit off my conflicted feelings over whether or not I really happen to be suffering from the aftereffects of rotten floorboards and call home. I'm ashamed to admit I don't have Mom or Lacey's cell memorized, just the house.

There are two good reasons that solidify the fact I've never seen this cell phone before. One, I happen to be the owner of a hot pink flip phone complete with enough rhinestone adhesives to outfit a prostitute, and two, I would never have a picture of a Minotaur as my wallpaper.

"What the heck is this about?" I hold it out for Wes to see.

"Asterion-school mascot."

"Asterion? Let me guess, we're the Ephemeral Asses? And I thought the Cider Plains Hedgehogs were a blight on our scholastic career."

How I long for the days I sweltered in misery, afraid I'd never leave that speck on the map-hating anything to do with Cider Plains. Now I would shove us all back in caskets just to have its warm soil covering us like a blanket.

"We're not the Asses, Laken." He twists his lips. "We're the Minotaurs." He holds up two fingers in a bouncing salute.

I see they've indoctrinated him well.

Wes looks at me with his lids half closed, examining, inspecting me as if he were considering his options. "You really hook up with some guy named Tucker?"

I hold out my hands. "I'm damaged goods." I can easily throw Kresley in his face, but I would never do that. "Do you think less of me?" I say it low, afraid of what his answer might be.

"No. It makes me want to kill him. You said Donovan?"

"I guess you were listening." It takes all of my strength to drag my eyes off him, punch in the number to the house, and listen as it rings. Lacey is probably in school by now, and Mom is either at the Laundromat or on the way to the diner, but I ache to hear the spiel Mom rattled off in French on our crappy old answering machine. I'd die to hear her voice just one last time. Despite all of our verbal confrontations, all of the name-calling sprees-my parched ears ache for her voice.

You have reached a number that has been disconnected or is no longer in service.

My mind tramples through the possibilities. Mom lost it. She's so devastated over my disappearance she hasn't paid the bills in months.

"What's going on?" His eyebrows come to life.

"Phone's disconnected." It sings from me like the saddest song. Casper's laptop catches my attention. I head over to the desk and hop on the Internet.

"Now what?" Wes pulls a chair beside me and slips his warm hand over the back of my neck.

"Facebook." I bet I have tons of RIPs and miss yous. I didn't have many close friends, but in a town like Cider Plains, when someone dies, you were automatically grafted into every single family, you were everyone's best friend-they miss you that much. I experienced this firsthand when Fletch died, Wes, too. I'll blow Wesley's world to pieces if I show him his old account. All those pictures we took our last Halloween together, the ones of us kissing down at the lake while we soaked in the last few days of summer. Wes took as many pictures as he did paint them. "I can't find it." A few Laken Stewarts pop up-none of them me.

"You've got the wrong last name." Wes leans over and types in Laken Anderson, and there I am-smiling with a fedora pushed low over my head.

"That's not me," I whisper in protest. I scroll down.

Shit. I have a history that stretches for months-one that coasts well past my supposed car accident this past summer, one that includes an ex-boyfriend named Miles Richards who I wouldn't know from a stranger on the street or a wanted picture at the post office.

"Oh my God." The words stream out of me in a panic. Something is seriously very wrong.

I type in, Lacey Stewart. She begged Mom to let her have an account last June until Mom finally caved. She has a sum total of ten friends because she was instructed to keep it simple, and I know full well I'm one of those ten-but nothing. No Lacey, no Mom, no Tucker Donavan, no Amber Garrett, my best friend at Cider Plains High. I Google the Ridgefield Community Art Colony where Mom holds questionable unemployment as a docent twice a week in addition to her meat and potato grind at the diner, but it's like it never existed. The webpage, the map, everything is gone. Finally, I look up Cider Plains. I know we're small, less than a speck of dust on the map, less important than dust in general-and, again, nothing surfaces. Strange. I type in Ridgefield, same thing. I type in Kansas just to be safe. Sure enough, whoever did this didn't bother to wipe an entire state off the grid.

"So that's Tucker." Wes nods into the screen at a picture of me in the arms of Miles Richards.

"No, that's someone I've never met before."

"Look." He points to my comment below his. LOL! I'm going to start calling you Tuck! It's officially your new name. Tucker Donavan.

A harsh roll of nausea burns through me. Someone has either gone through a hell of a lot of trouble redefining my life, or I've managed to lose every last marble that I have ever owned.

The demonic wallpaper crouches in on me with its horrible echo and I press my palms into my eyes to keep from bawling.

I was sure I was right. I was positive I knew who I was-that I saw Casper head into the forest.

"Come here." Wes pulls me in, holding me safe in his arms. He massages the back of my neck with his strong hands, presses his lips against my temple, and sends a lightning bolt of pain ripping through me in the process.

"So, a tree house, huh?" I lean in against his chest. It feels safe like this nestled into Wes-nestled in the lie.

"Tree house."

I push back and catch his gaze.

"What were those things in the forest?"

"Fems."

"Tell me everything."

"I won't tell you." He gives a devilish grin. "I'll show you."

10

Spectators, and Fems, and Counts, Oh My

The Ephemeral library is a monolithic structure that I'm sure rivals any European mid-century church or basilica, at least from the pictures I've seen.

A vaulted ceiling stretches up for what feels like miles, gold inlays in the alcoves expand across the facility in leaping fits, flanked below with dark rich mahogany bookshelves that pull out for acres.

A series of stained-glass windows filter in a defused rainbow of light, each with its own intricate mosaic-one of a woman down on her knees before a pack of wolves, one of a man with his face and body comprised of fruits and vegetables, and another of a couple with an infinity symbol above their heads. Misery is etched into their faces, both with downturned smiles. I could stare for hours at what the artist might be trying to convey. The reticent truths veiled in the dull hues, the meanings, the story behind each picture.

"This place is gorgeous," I whisper.

"You want to work here?" Wes offers, breezing us through the facility.

"Do I need a job?"

We land in a narrow aisle of bookshelves, free from roving eyes.

"Yes, that would be school canon, number nine." He pauses to pick up my hand. Wes ignites in a sweet country smile. His cheeks burst to life with color as he interlaces our fingers. "Each student gets a job-usually on campus." The corners of his lips quiver. "I'm an O.A., Orientation Assistant. Consider this a part of your official orientation." His brows rise slowly. Wes is seducing me with his words, whether or not he's aware of it. "I also happen to work here."

"Where do I sign up?" I bounce on my toes reflexively. The thought of spending all my free time with Wes almost makes up for the fact my entire past may have just blipped itself out of existence. That and the fact my only real friend may currently be residing in the digestive tract of some wild beast that has no classification in any phylum known to man.

What the hell am I saying?

I'm not buying Rycroft or some guy named Miles. No matter how much they tinker with the world, they can't change what I know.

Wes frowns at me before walking us past rows and rows of massive, long tables. A sprinkling of students gaze off into their laptops. A few are lost in books. The population is sparse in general. It makes me wonder why anyone at all would want to spend the official last day of summer in the library, but here I am, an answer to my own question.

Wes sits me down at a round table in the back and reappears after a few minutes with a small stack of books. History of our Lineage, Angels through time, Nephilim Today, Book of Knowledge.

"What's this?" I pull one forward.

"Some light reading I thought might help jog your memory." His affect darkens as if he might be serious.

"A study of angels?" I brush my fingers over the dry leather cover.

"Nephilim."

"Is that what we saw in the woods?"

"No, Laken. That's what you are." Wes doesn't smile, laugh, or give any indication he might be teasing. He's serious as death, unapologetic in every way.

"Are you one these... Nephilim?"

He gives a slight nod.

"Is that what Ephemeral is? Some kind of school for angels?"

"No." He gives a dull laugh.

"Then why are the books in the library?"

He holds up a gold key attached to a plastic coil.

"I have celebrity access." His dark brows arch. "I'm not letting you in on any deep dark secret. You already know these things. I just want to help you fill in the blanks. I want to see your memory come back." There's something painful about the way he expresses it. Like I've contracted a deadly disease, and the only cure is to go along with everything he says, swallow down every morsel-believe it if I can.

"So fill me in." I sag into my seat. "Who knows, maybe it'll all come flooding back."

"You're a Count, like me," Wes gleams. He sparks to life on a level I've never witnessed before-as if being a Count were his only goal, and now that he's achieved it, there was nothing to do but bask in the glory.

"There are five factions of angels that descended from the Nephilim, Countenance being the most powerful then the Celestra, who believe they're the most powerful, but, in truth, they've dwindled to the point of insignificance. Rumor has it they'll be eradicated by prom." He pauses to offer a sober smile. Wes looks cuttingly handsome while threatening the Celestra people. It intrigues me and scares the hell out of me at the same time. "Noster, who are not at all friendly, and if they try to befriend you, run the other way. They have plans that generally don't include our kind. Deorsum-often mistaken for witches. Levatio, they will bore you to tears with their sleight of hand magic tricks. The end."

"The end?" Truthfully, I'm fascinated. Wes knows full well he's whet my appetite, and now he's going to make me dig for it. "Why are these Deoreo's often mistaken for witches? Is it the pointy hats? Is that what gives them away?" I mean to smile into the sarcasm, but my face fills with heat.

Wes lingers into me with an intensity that ignites my stomach into a hot ball of fire. "Deorsum-no pointy hats, I promise. They've mastered the art of making people do their bidding. There aren't enough of them to worry about, and those who do run around are too lazy to make a real difference with their powers. They'll make you fetch their breakfast but would never dream of forcing a farmer to hand over his fields."

"Okay, so what makes us special?"

"The Countenance, in general, has significant pride in their organization. We want to make the world a better place. We serve the people. That's what angels do-we serve."

"So"- I shake my head-"how do I serve?" This is all starting to sound like a bad horror movie and soon I'll be lured to a cabin in the woods-then again, that's how this whole nightmare started.

Wes rubs his thumb up against my hand. I'd listen to anything Wes wanted to tell me-I'd eat his lies thick as tire tread, as long as he never lets go.

"Just be you. Get good grades, keep out of trouble-out of the forest." He lingers on those last few words as though they were the focused intent of the entire conversation.

"What the hell was that in the forest, Wes?"

It takes a good few seconds before he opens one of the books and fumbles through the pages.

"Here," he says, pointing to a black and white sketch on old parchment. "Fems." His thumb lands next to a picture of a wild-looking beast with three tongues, standing erect on cloven hooves. "They side with Countenance. They're a higher order of angelic beings that rule the spiritual world around us, called the ethereal plane. Sectors side with Celestra." His finger slides over to a handsome man with wings twice the size of his body.

I pull the book toward me and study both creatures in detail.

Crap. I don't know whether to be embarrassed for Wes or frightened for him. Man-birds? He wants me to buy into angels lock, stock, and barrel? And accept the fact that I'm one, too?

To fundamentally believe in such mythological creatures, I'd have to take a step back from all of the trappings of reality and one large leap the hell away from my sanity. Although, I've already done that, or should I say the living dead and the Fems have done it for me.

The Fem in the book is depicted as a monster covered in scales, his eyes spread too far on either side of its misshapen head. There is a viciousness about him that makes me want to avoid rather than side with him. But the Sector is comely. I want to know all about him, lie in the grass and peel the skin off grapes while feeding him from my teeth.

"We get monsters, and they get angels that look like underwear models?"

Wes pulls his lips into a line at my analogy. "Our monsters have the ability to morph into whatever creature they want." He drags his finger back across the page. "Sectors don't generally do that."

"So why not choose kittens, penguins, or unicorns? Why graveyard refugees and mutant creatures?"

"Graveyard refugees?" Wes narrows in on me as though I had injected something absurd into this oh-so-lucid conversation.

"Yeah, it was like a zombie. I saw one the first day I got here."

"And you escaped," he whispers in disbelief.

I decide to leave out the detail of being rescued. I did end up taking off so I guess, yeah, I escaped. I don't know why, but I don't feel like spilling all the info about my incident in the woods, specifically the boy who saved my life by way of gouging out the demon's brain.

"It's not a zombie. And what you saw was no Fem. It's called a Spectator. It's a dangerous creature, Laken. Promise me you'll never go into those woods alone."

"Why the hell hasn't the fire department, the swat team or some government sci-fi agency quarantined the area? You really think it's a good idea to run a boarding school next to the killing fields?" Really, compulsory isolation seems like a no brainer in this situation-a good old-fashion electric fence couldn't hurt either.

He gives a tired blink.

"The forest is usually harmless. Recently we've had evidence of wolves on the premises, and they've put a sound barrier around the area to keep them from wandering onto campus. There haven't been any sightings by students. The school has invested heavily to ensure nothing crosses those boundaries."

I'm not certain how we migrated from zombies-Spectators-to wolves who are being kept at bay by essentially Beethoven or whatever the hell it is they're playing over their undetectable "sound system."

I frown openly at him. The word nothing seems to be a replacement for the creatures Wes is hesitant to speak of, and his reticence sends me into a tailspin.

"Bullshit," I whisper. "I guarantee Casper has already morphed into the friendly ghost she has long since been destined to become. I promise, if she does come home tonight, it's by some miracle of God and quite possibly a resurrection because I followed her in-I heard her scream. The school will be hit with a serious lawsuit if her parents find out the only barrier protecting her from an evil pack of wolves was some lousy stereo. You used to hunt, Wes. Are you even listening to anything you're saying?"

One thing's for sure, I make a lousy disciple to Wesley indoctrination-for starters, I don't believe a damn word.

Wes pulls back and relaxes into his chair. There's a marked, pissed off, expression that's counterintuitive to the smile he wants me to buy.

"Let's keep your ideas to ourselves," his voice strains just pushing the words out. It's taking everything in him not to shake me into compliance, I can tell. "Laken, listen." He drills into me with an unwavering stare. "You would be remiss to share any of this with your uncle." His eyes narrow. "You'll be back in the hospital loaded up on a mountain of drugs before you have a chance to warm a seat in this place. Odds are you won't remember how to tie your shoes." He pulls me in slow and deep, so close I could kiss him. A powerful surge of adrenaline pulsates through me. Wes with all his dark majesty burns a hole through me with those laser-green eyes. "I'll help you through this, Laken." His jaw stiffens. "Just don't tell a soul."

11

School Spirit

On the way to the Ridley Hall, Wes takes me past Asterion, a fifteen-foot tall bronze statue, situated dead center of the quad with long horns that curl toward heaven.

The gleaming beast stands erect with an insolent pride as he gives a silent homage to darkness. He stains the swirling fog with his haunting impression. Something about his brazen arrogance lets you know he has an agenda, that he can crawl into your nightmares and show you who's real and who's the statue.

"Freaky," I say, bringing my hand to my neck. If Lacey ever saw this monstrosity, she'd break out in a fit of hysterics. His chest is buff as a body builder. His head looks like some horrific Halloween mask. I scroll my eyes across the monolithic beast and note the rather well-endowed bulge between his heavily molded thighs. "Oh!" I give a hard blink in disgust. "That is so obscene."

"What's obscene?" Wes challenges me to itemize in detail the offense in question.

"His package, Wes," I snip, withholding a laugh. "In the event you're not aware, school mascots were never intended to strut their stuff."

"What?" He balks through a laugh. "If mascots aren't allowed to strut their stuff, what kind of world are we living in?"

There's the million-dollar question.

I pull Wes in by the lapel of his jacket and bite down on my lip seductively. "I'm guessing his proud display of reproductive organs is a part of some evil scheme thought up by the athletics department."

He twists a smile, his dark brows dive in low, completely amused.

"And why would that be, Laken?" His eyes bear into mine, hungry and wanting.

"Psychological warfare."

Wes leans in. His breath rakes over me, hot as a fire. "Is that why the opposing team's cheerleaders are always switching sides?" He dips in low and stops shy of a kiss. Wes has become a master at the art of seduction, and this frightens me.

"Nope." I run my finger underneath his chin. "I have a feeling it's you that sends them running." I don't mean for my voice to wobble when I say it or my breathing to become erratic like I just ran a marathon.

The laughter drains from his eyes. The moment grows altogether serious, as though I had just given an official proclamation of our love right here in the quad, as if he had, too.

"Come on." He takes a step back. "Get over there. I'll get a picture of you next to the weapon of mass destruction." He fiddles with my phone and takes a picture of me pointing at the Minotaur's balls.

"You know what I'd really like?" I take the phone back and cue up the camera again.

"Sorry, Laken, those parts are welded to his body."

"Very not funny." I sock him in the arm. "I was thinking something a little less offensive like replacing the wallpaper on my phone with you and me." I place my head next to his and snap a picture.

The wind picks up-swirls around the two of us as if it were trying to separate us, to whisk us away in opposite directions and bury our love under a pile of brittle leaves like it did once before.

We make our way toward a tall gothic building with an expansive wingspan and windows that stretch to the sky.

"So this is Ridley," I whisper as an entire stream of students drain from the double doors.

"We missed orientation." His cologne embraces me with the soft scent of musk. Old Wes never wore cologne. He held the scent of clean linens, the fresh sunshine that dried his shirts.

"It's okay. I think I've had enough information for one day." I doubt they were going to fill us in on all things angel anyway. A thought comes to me. "Hey," I whisper, pulling him to an abrupt stop, "if those demonic monsters are supposed to be my ally, why would they attack me in the forest?"

His eyes widen with surprise as if I had just caught him in a lie. He turns his head toward the rolling lawn, thick as an ebony tapestry, and takes a deep breath.

"I don't know." He winces when he says it-alerts me to the fact he's not telling the truth. I always knew when Wes was trying to fool me-although this is a far greater offense than eating the last piece of sweet potato pie and trying to pass it off on Fletch.

"You trying out for cheer?" He swallows hard, hoping I'll take the bait and change the subject.

"Why would I try out for cheer? I make fun of cheerleaders, that's my sport."

"You love cheer." He pulls out his phone and scrolls through picture after picture of me in a blue cheer uniform that reads Rycroft. He pauses at the one of me in bright blue underpants as I indulge in a high kick. "That was an accident." He gives a sly smile before replacing the phone in his pocket.

"You used to watch me cheer?" A part of me wants to bask in the glory of Wes and his flirtation, lose myself in the comma-like dimples that press in every time he smiles, but I'm still jarred by the fact he's is trying to cover his indiscretion.

"Yes," he presses it out in a broken whisper, "you're like family. I'm always there for you."

Like family-sounds like perfectly loaded bull.

"You didn't come to watch me because I'm like your sister, Wes," I say it accusingly, calling him out on the lie. "I doubt Fletch has a shot of me in my panties on his phone."

"Never mind why I came to watch you cheer." He digs a smile into the side of his cheek. "You have to join the squad. Jen will hang you in your sleep if you defer the legendary tradition of Anderson women cheering at Ephemeral."

"My mother cheered here?" I don't even know who this woman is, let alone feel any maternal connection to her.

"And your grandmother," he's quick to add.

"Do you have a picture of my mother?" Something spikes in me at the thought of seeing this person. What if it's the mother I've had all along? "Do I have a little sister?" God, I hope. Fletch may have denied Lacey, but maybe she's running around with an entirely new name? If Lacey exists in this world, I won't fight it. I'll accept every lie as gospel, even the fact I'm some hybrid celestial being.

"Sorry, no pictures." He shakes his head. "And no to the little sister. You have Jen, she probably counts as a little sister." He flexes a smile. "Same with Blaine for me." He brushes his shoulder playfully against mine before his features darken. "You do remember she's seeing Blaine, right?"

"What the hell is a, Blaine?"

"My brother." His features cloud over, dark and haunting. "They graduated last year-they go to Trinity together." His eyes continue to smolder over me, let me know he still burns for me on the inside. "Laken," he says it low, like a secret, "I don't scare easy. But you've redefined the things I fear."

He shifts uncomfortably. A thicket of soot-covered clouds elongate overhead. "Just, please, let me help you." There's a desperation in him that I've never seen before, a palpable fear layered under his concern. "Don't tell Fletcher or Jen you're having problems with your memory."

"Done," I say without hesitating. Wes takes up my hand, and we head into Ridley Hall. Time to get our schedules and register for cheer.

Dear God, I really don't know myself.

"That's Ms. Paxton," Wes whispers as we round out a rather lengthy table with an unimaginable number of signup sheets spread out across the span of it. "Otherwise known as Mom." He blinks a smile. "Well, just to me."

"We've met," I say, unable to take my eyes off her dark hair, spun tight in a bun. It looks painful, as if her entire face has stretched back an inch just to accommodate the hyper-extended coif. I don't see one trace of sweet, tender Wes in her. She's exudes as much affect and warmth as a haunted porcelain doll and about as much depth as one, too.

Ridley Hall looks every bit normal inside. It's the first building I've been in since I've arrived where I don't have the sneaking suspicion a funeral procession is about to spontaneously break out. It looks neither Gothic nor regal with its plain vanilla walls intermittently splotched with posters of friendly faces already campaigning for student government. I spot one of Flynn, offering an ironic smile and two thumbs up that reads, Flynn Masterson for treasurer. I'm not sure I'd trust him with my money. That kiss he gave was greedy. He was more than willing to steal what I wasn't willing to give.

"Here you are." Flynn pops up like an apparition.

"I was just looking at your picture." I jump a little at the sight of him.

"You can stop admiring me from afar because you got the real thing right here, baby." He wraps an arm around my waist. "Where's my least favorite sister?"

I dart a look to Wes.

"Tell her I need to see her." Flynn runs his fingers through his sun-kissed hair. "I got that GPS she wants to borrow."

"GPS," I whisper. Sounds like something you'd need if you were about to embark on acres of unchartered land. But why not wait? Why go into a Fem-infested forest without it?

A group of girls move in a pack to our right, and Flynn trots off without so much as a good-bye.

Wes steps over, still drilling Flynn with a vengeful look. "I saw him-kiss you last night." There's a quietness in his confession as though he were embarrassed to admit it, or he's pissed. I'm hoping for the latter.

The trace of a smile twitches on the corners of my lips. It was Wes I was hoping to unimpress with that kiss.

"I'm new. He was just showing me a good time." I pause, taking in the agony that lingers in his eyes. "I don't have a boyfriend." I let it hang out there, see if he'll take a bite of my shiny poison apple.

"I..." He turns into me with his face just inches from mine and presses his lips together. "I don't have a girlfriend." He chews on the inside of his cheek trying to hide the all-out grin blooming on his face. "Look, you're my best friend's little sister." He shakes his head just barely. "I like you." It comes out with heartbreak. "But we should take things slow."

My heart gives an unnatural thump.

"Slow." I nod into his decision. "We should go out, get to know one another." I step into him until I can feel the lust emanating off his skin, the magnetic pull that keeps drawing us together.

"We should go out tonight." He gives a wicked grin exposing those knife-sharp canines. "I can show you around-see if I can jog your memory."

"Okay." I look at him from under my lashes. "I'll see if I can jog yours."

He pulls in closer until our noses almost touch. A ripple of heat erupts all over me, and I melt waiting for his lips to graze against mine.

"No, no!" Fletcher appears in a fit of brotherly inspired chaos and plucks Wes back by the shoulder. "I just got through watching Kresley break down like some riled up ball of hormones in front of the entire senior class because some pop tart stole her boyfriend and then I see this?" He looks serious as though Wes and I were actually about to partake in some major infraction.

"You're right." Wes exhales, snapping back to reality.

"What?" I'm going to kill Fletch, for real this time. "It's none of your business who I choose to see."

"Dude!" Fletch is wild at the thought. "She's my effing sister." Fletch pushes Wes hard in the shoulder. "What the hell are you thinking?" His chest puffs out like some moronic rooster.

"We're still on for later, right?" I look to Wes with a determined gaze.

"Yup," he says, "as your official O.A. It's my responsibility to show you around." He glances back at Fletch. "Relax. I'll take her for a quick spin."

"No spinning." Fletch digs a finger into his chest before walking away. "No freaking spinning, dude."

"He's not serious," I say.

Gone is the playful, flirtatious Wes I had for a moment. He's been quickly replaced with this serious, contemplative, giving a damn what my moronic brother thinks version.

I'm not sure about this new unimproved rendition of Wesley Parker-the one who insists I didn't see Casper go into the forest-who tells me the monsters that tried to kill the two of us really side with our so-called faction. The one who insists I'm a descendent of creatures with wings who found the daughters of men enticing. Wesley's brain has successfully congealed to the not-so-norms of this false new world. My heart wants to believe everything that sails from his lips, but my brain, the memories of who we were, beg otherwise. Wes has been dipped in the tar of deceit, feathered with angel wings of all things. I don't believe for a minute that Wes knows the truth about anything. But if he doesn't, who does?

A boy with dark blond hair catches my eye as he moves through the crowd. He looks vaguely familiar, and it evokes something in me as though I were being roused from a dream.

He turns just enough and gives a sideways glance in my direction before disappearing into the tide of flesh.

It's him.

The boy from the forest.

12

Run

I don't explain to Wes why the hell I take off into the crowd. Of course, that prompts Wes to assume I've undergone yet another brain malfunction, and he takes off after me, catching me by elbow after I snake down a series of crowded halls.

"What was that about?" He looks more surprised than panicked.

"I thought I recognized someone." I defer from telling him it was the cute guy who saved my life the first day in the forest. Something tells me that won't help score any points in the win-my-boyfriend-back department.

He glances down at his watch.

"I gotta go. I've got practice." He leans in, says I'll miss you with his eyes, and my stomach bottoms out like a trapdoor. "See you after dinner? I'll pick you up at seven."

"Seven." I bite down a short-lived smile. I shudder a little, still stunned to have seen the boy from the forest. "You know where to find me."

"Okay, we'll get together." His eyes widen when he says it.

"It's a date," I counter.

"Laken," he growls it out with a playful smile, "as an O.A. it's my duty to see to it that you have the full Ephemeral experience." He steps in until I can feel his breath on my cheek. "I'd hate for you lose your bearings," he starts in slow, "I think I should do anything and everything to help you assimilate."

My entire body explodes with heat.

"I'm pretty sure I won't get everything on the first go around." It comes out in puffs. My heart races just being this close to Wes. "I might need you to repeat the effort, time and time again."

"Sounds like we might need to turn this into something permanent." There's a challenge in his voice.

"Something everlasting," I say.

Just like our love.

Dinner at Austen House is ridiculously opulent. Enormous, lavish chandeliers drip with cut crystal. They glitter a spastic rainbow of color, refracting light into the four corners of the room. I count ten in all, two rows of five on either side of the expansive dining hall. You could host a wedding reception in here, a prom if you wanted. Lavender tablecloths alternate with mint green. Real silverware is set out ready to greet each diner. I hold up the cutlery, so heavy with its beautiful illumination. One spoon alone could have paid for six weeks' worth of meals back home. We didn't own any silverware in Cider Plains. The only silver anyone owned was in the form of dental fillings, and as it was, they mined the dead for those.

The buffet looks like a catered event with large chafing dishes filled with buttery mashed potatoes-the red kind with the skin left on, not the brown russets you have to scrape the dirt off that Mom used to buy. A steaming tray of vegetables calls to me. I have never seen carrots or peppers emanate such vibrant shades before, orange like a perfect sunset, an exaggerated bright red I've only seen in Poppies. A glossy layer of oil coats them in its warmth. Even though vegetables aren't very high up on my personal food pyramid, I help myself to a double scoop. At home we ate as much corn as we could stand. I hated picking it out of my teeth afterward.

Dessert is snatched up at the end of the line. The girls in front of me bypass the table without paying too much attention to the amazing spread. But I pause and take the delicacies in-admire the slivered almond torte with the heavy-lacquered finish, the bubbling sugar caramelized over the apple pie. These aren't your average supermarket confections. These are works of art, the kinds of things you see on TV or in women's magazines in the recipe section. I scoop up one of each and take off to find a seat.

Austen House seems to hold an even number of seniors, juniors and the like. As I make my way through the center of the dining hall, I'm starting to see a pattern of who thinks I'm the world's biggest skank for snagging Wes from underneath Kresley, Queen of the Bitch Brigade-this list seems to include, well, just about everyone. Even Jen, my own faux sister, manages to freeze the air between us.

Thankfully, everyone doesn't include Carter who joins me at a private table buffered with an entire purple expanse of empty seats to our right. She goes on and on about how much she loves Fletcher-creates a heart shape with her fingers when she says his name.

"I'm totally going to break it off with Jackson." She takes a breath between bites of her salad. "He's just one of those guys I've latched onto off and on since like utero, you know?"

I nod absentmindedly. I've tried three times to add to the conversation, and she simply ran over me with her words.

"I totally like him and all, but he can be a real ass. And he never shows any real interest in me." Her curls shag out. "He sits around watching TV every chance he gets-hitting a drive-thru is his idea of 'going out.'"

I don't think hanging out and watching TV sounds too bad. I'd hit a thousand drive-thru's with Wes as long as we were there together.

Most of the girls here sit in groups of six or eight, and considering there are only about fifty of us listed as residents, it feels mighty exclusionary to be sitting in a corner with just Carter.

She digs into her chicken cacciatore, plunging us into a strange bout of silence.

"What's with the supersized banquet room?" Of all of the questions I could have asked.

"You know, parents weekend, ceremonies. Everything's big at Ephemeral, if you hadn't noticed."

My mind drifts back to Asterion's bronzed genitals.

"I noticed," I say. "So, are girls going to hate you by association?" I wouldn't blame Carter for picking up her things and sitting somewhere else, giving me the finger just for good measure.

"Oh, no," she balks, holding back a laugh, "people are going to hate me for other reasons, like, you know, pulling a Laken."

"What the hell is pulling a Laken?" I'm pretty sure I don't want to know, but since it is my personal moniker, I'm partially committed to finishing the conversation.

"You know, how you snatched Wesley away from the Greek Goddess of Love."

"You want to snatch Wes?" I'm confused.

"Fletcher." She over annunciates. "I want to snatch Fletcher from Grayson."

"Oh, so we're going to be those girls." I don't really mind the role as long as I get the guy.

Jen comes over and drops her tray a good foot onto the table before taking a seat.

"There's one unaccounted for." She begins to butter her roll in a pissed off manner.

"My roommate?" Knew it.

"Who?" Jen looks genuinely confused. "Casper? Yes. Your roommate is MIA. I called twice. She's not picking up."

I'm panicked over this. "Call the police." Not that the police are going to extract her from the belly of a Fem. And why would they? They have an impenetrable fort in place to protect wayward students from such attacks, what with the school's fierce "surround sound" defense system. The only thing they're going to accomplish by playing "Fur Elise" is lulling some wolves to sleep. And yet, I have a feeling that might be equally acceptable to the authorities of this wayward establishment.

"She's got an hour past curfew before I report her missing." Jen sighs. "And she thinks she hates kitchen duty now." She spears the two of us with her anger. "What's this crap about you breaking up Wes and his girlfriend?"

"I didn't break anyone up." I look past her shoulder over at Kresley, moping into her food. She's still dressed in her tennis garb complete with a pink headband that's about to slip into her eyes and conceal the world from view. "I don't control who Wesley sees."

Grayson and some other girl I don't recognize sit huddled on either side as she folds her arms around herself like a bat settling in for a nap.

Jen gives a secret smile. "I'm sort of glad," she whispers. "I've always thought Wesley was a nice kid, and you'd make a super cute couple." She glints into me with approval. "Now we can do fun things-like double date."

Right, like that will happen. The last thing I want to do is spend my precious "Wes time" with his fictitious brother, Blaine, and my new ditz of a sister.

"I'll think about it," I say, making tracks in my mashed potatoes.

"What do you mean you'll think about?" She ticks her head back. "You'll need a chaperone. Mom and Dad aren't going to let you run around with boys just because you feel like it."

Dad? We have a dad?

My own father was somewhat of a myth. My mother said he was a truck driver who came and went as he pleased. But I found it odd that one day she was pregnant with Lacey, and yet our home maintained its testosterone-free status. Of course she's long since divorced my absentee father, the mythological creature that he was, much like the giant ass on display in the student quad. Lately, everyone in my past feels like a fabled creature.

"Seriously?" I lean into her. "Ixnay on the double atingday." I shake my head.

"You have no say in the matter." She gives an authoritative blink as though I might be obligated to fear her. She may be prettier than my own sister, Jen, and in some ways nicer, since old Jen never said six words to me our entire childhood, but in just about every other way, this version is far more annoying. That alone might prove she's the real thing.

I have my first official date with Wes tonight, and there's not a damn thing she can do about it.

I glance up at Jen and give the hint of a self-serving smile.

This is one date she won't be chaperoning.

Jen's cell goes off and her entire person brightens as she answers.

"No, I'm not busy at all." She drops her fork and walks over to an oversized Ficus sprouting from a glazed pot the size of a bathtub.

"Probably Blaine." Carter scrolls the ceiling when she says his name. "When are you going to tell her?"

"Tell her what?"

"That he's cheating."

"He's what?" I'm not sure why this alarms me.

"Everybody knows." She twitches her head back at someone at the next table.

"Which one?"

"Jax with an X." She ticks her head again at the girl rubbing Kresley's back. "Hair the color of a penny, face like the back of a horse."

I lean in and catch a better glimpse. Unfortunately Carter exaggerates, and the girl in question could double as a supermodel.

Jax with an X. Soon it'll be Jen with an ex, if I have anything to say about it.

"I'll need some proof." I don't know why I have the sudden urge to protect nuJen, but the last thing I want to do is sever her relationship if there's no hardcore evidence. If he's anything like Wes, it would kill her to lose him.

"I'll talk to Wesley." I lean over secretively. "Um, I dropped my books a couple of days ago, and this really cute guy helped me out. I wanted to thank him, but he left before I could get his name. He's got dark blond hair and broad shoulders, real serious eyes." I shake my head.

"You're cheating on Wes and you haven't even gone on your first date?" It comes out a little too loud.

Kresley and crew turn in unison before trying to play it off like they didn't hear-like they weren't gearing up to eaves drop on the next leg of our conversation.

"No," I hiss. "I just want to say thank you."

"First, I seriously doubt you had books day one because day one officially commences tomorrow, and second, you just called him cute."

"I did, didn't I?" My mouth falls open.

She's right.

I love Wesley. I should have no interest in saying thank you or anything else to this person, whoever he is, even if he did hack the bogeyman to pieces for me.

But a part of me feels otherwise.

13

Love and Such

After dinner, I head upstairs. The door to my room sits slightly ajar, and I race inside fully expecting to find Casper sprawled out on the bed or sitting at her desk clicking through her emails, but I don't. Instead I see the exact person who I wouldn't mind never seeing again, Kresley.

"Can I help you?" This is precisely why the doors at Austen House should have locks, and oddly, they're devoid of that security-enhancing feature.

She's sitting on the floor, tight against Casper's bed. Her dark hair is rumpled over itself as if she had just emerged from doing a clean sweep from underneath it.

"Just looking for this." She holds up a history book before shoving it into her backpack and spikes to her feet. "I don't know who you think you are coming here and messing with me." She pants, her hair wild from her historical conquest, which, by the way, I find total bullshit. "I think you should know, Wesley and I have something special." Her sage-colored eyes glow against her perfectly tanned skin.

"And I think you should know, I have something special with Wes, which happens to be real." It takes everything in me not to pummel her against the wall. "In fact, it's so amazingly special, there's nothing you can do to keep us apart. Believe me, others have tried-and failed spectacularly." By others I mean death.

Her nostrils flare with irritation. I'm pretty sure Kresley isn't used to being on the receiving end of a confrontation.

"I had the chance to talk to some of my friends from Rycroft today." Her lips exaggerate into a quivering smile. "Heard you're quite the skin diver." She puffs a quiet laugh when she says it. "Like I told you the night you got here, start with Flynn, someone a little more in line with what you're used to." She knocks into me, hard with her shoulder on her way out the door, but I'm quick to block the exit.

Skin diver?

"You didn't happen to see Casper this morning, did you?" I'm pretty sure there is a better way to do this.

"Move." She gives a slow disbelieving blink.

"I think something happened to her."

Her features cloud over. She gazes past my shoulder with those haunting crystal eyes as if she were remembering a very bad dream.

"I gotta go." She takes a step to the right, and I stop her.

"You had fresh mud on your shoes this morning," I pant. "You know something."

"I'll tell you what I know." She seethes. "I know the only reason Ephemeral let you in was because your family promised to up the scholarship fund even though your grades were shitty. I know that you double as a prostitute and that Wes would never touch trash like you unless he was drunk or stoned. Step the hell away from him, if you know what's good for you."

She darts around me and speeds out of the room.

Kresley knows something, and it has nothing to do with the aforementioned bullshit she just spouted off. It one hundred percent has to do with Casper. The truth was there layered just beneath her anger. I'm betting the history book was a lame consolation prize for whatever the hell she was after.

I block the door with a chair in the event she comes back with a machete and feels the sudden urge to imbed it into my skull.

It takes all of my concentrated effort to revert my focus back to my date with Wes. I change into an off the shoulder sweater and jeans that, quite frankly, I'm flattered the powers that be thought I might fit into. I press my feet into a pair of white stilettos, overlaid with black lace. Back home I owned one pair of heels. They were soft pink and I only wore them on special occasions.

My feet do a hard wobble as I try to maneuver in them. The world feels distant, difficult to navigate from this height, so I pluck them off and shrink four inches. I consider flats for a moment, but then imagine Wes taking me in with my kitten heels that make me feel like an Amazon princess. I carefully put them back on and grab a wool coat out of the closet the color of an ashen sky. I feel its heft and rub my hand over its rough exterior. It covers me with its weight, heavy as a body lying over my shoulders. It feels good as it gives off its generous warmth like a heater penetrating me with a thermal embrace. The inside is lined with an emerald satin the exact color of Wesley's eyes. Loose stitching holds the split in the back together, and the pockets are both sewn shut.

Mom once bought my grandfather a suit at the Salvation Army that had the pockets sealed this way, she said it was the mark of a well-tailored piece. The suit was for his funeral-I found it sad he had to wait so long to put on anything well-tailored. I guess I waited just as long since I'm technically dead on some level.

I trot down to the entrance.

"Where do you think you're going?" Jen's voice booms from behind the expansive desk.

Crap.

"I thought I'd get some air." I don't seem to have a problem spewing half-truths to this new version of my sister.

"There's plenty of that in here." She waves me back while losing herself in her laptop.

I suppose cluing Jen in on the fact Wes is taking me out on a date, sans herself and the cheat she hopes to spend the rest of her unnatural days with, isn't the greatest idea. So, I say the next best thing.

I clear my throat. "Look, I didn't want to say anything, but Casper called, and she wants me to meet her at the library." I'm quick with the lie. It's like I suddenly have an entire arsenal of falsehoods ready and willing to stream from my lips.

"Bring her back in one piece." She doesn't bother to look up this time. "I'm going to rip her a new one."

"Will do," I shout as I make my way into the crisp night air.

I feel horrible dragging Casper in as an excuse to go out with Wes. Obviously my escape plan wasn't well-hatched. Then again, who knew Jen would turn out to be some Draconian authority who practically strong-armed me into using a dead girl as an alibi? God, I hope she's not really dead.

I take an unexpected breath.

What if Casper was kidnapped? Or what if she simply appeared at another school somewhere else entirely, freshly programmed and ready for senior year? Somewhere like Cider Plains. How would that be for irony? Cider Plains High would be quite the demotion compared to Ephemeral. Here there is an embarrassment of riches, and Cider Plains is the no man's land of couture and fashion.

I try to shake away all thoughts of Casper and that strange note she supposedly left me along with a shiny new phone. Instead, I focus in on the fact I get to spend some serious one-on-one time with my own reprogrammed, beautiful disaster, Wes.

Outside of Austen House a layer of purple clouds stretch overhead, backlit by an enormous full moon. I don't remember any night in Kansas looking so magical or smelling so alive with the ripe scent of pines-the sweet fragrance of white oak layered just beneath.

A pair of headlights blinks from the far end of the grassy field, and I head in that direction.

Wes pulls up next to me in a dark metallic Range Rover. The letters are spread out evenly across the hood and it gleams with pride under the lamp of Austen House.

"Hey, beautiful." Wes grins as I hop in next to him. The scent of new car lingers in the air. The dash looks supple, bubbling with a leathery texture, and it takes everything in me not to run my hand over it, feel the pebbly grain. The dashboard is lit up with every brand of vehicular technology-nothing but lights and backlit buttons, enough to run a spaceship.

I buckle up and a thick layer of silence settles over the two of us.

I've always been a stickler for wearing my seatbelt. When we were little, there was a PSA that had shown kids playing sports, practicing ballet, running in the streets, but ended by saying they would never do those things again because of their folly to secure their seatbelt. Scared the shit out of me, but it worked. I wore my seatbelt dutifully with dreams of ballet or participating in gymnastics. Turns out those things weren't in the cards for me, but I still have my legs and my questionable life.

"I know for sure I buckled my seatbelt that day I went to rip Tucker's head off," I offer. Still not certain if this is the best topic of conversation, but it seems rather compulsory, and the fact I've already navigated us into those murky waters lends me to continue. If I don't talk to someone about it, even someone who's prone not to believe me, my head is going to explode.

"Is that what you think happened? A car accident?" He nods into my insanity as if he's accepted this new version of me on some rudimentary level.

"Yes." It comes out questionable at best. Maybe shelving the Cider Plains drama until Wes and I have officially reinstated our couple status is the right plan of action. I really don't care if the entire student body at Ephemeral gives me hell for cementing myself into his life or if they torment me all year over the fact I'm a so-called boyfriend thief. There has to be some reason we both ended up at the same place, and I'm choosing to believe its destiny. As for Fletcher, he's probably just a byproduct-a tagalong even in death.

"Nice ride," I offer.

"You should like it. You helped pick it out." He jostles my knee before looping back around toward the main road.

"I did?" Add that to the long list of things of which I have no freaking recall.

"You and Fletch."

"What about Kresley?" I hate bringing her up so soon after I've swept her out of the picture, but if they were so close why wasn't she there?

"Kres and I don't do much outside of school." He stretches his neck to the side when he says her name. "We're busy-you know, sports." He winces into the elongating road.

Sports. I bet he has no clue Kresley is interested in sports of the sexual variety, that she spends her free time practicing over at Melville House. At least that's what Casper implied. Anyway, I don't want to think about Kresley or Casper. I want to focus one hundred percent on Wes.

I pull his hand over and bring it up to my cheek. I can't believe Wes is sitting next to me. It all feels like a dream, like there's still the off chance I might wake up in an ambulance, roaring my way over to the hospital, bloodied and broken.

"You okay?" Wes dips into the steering wheel as he examines me-lowers his lids as though he suspects I'm not.

"I am now. So, where we going?"

"Driving tour." He gives a mischievous grin. "Thought maybe we'd hit the lake."

"Taking the orientation off grounds, I like that."

He presses out a magnetic smile, cuts a glance over at me, and takes me in from top to bottom before reversing the effort. "I'm surprised Jen let you out."

"I have my ways of evading her tyranny. Hey-Carter mentioned that Blaine might be cheating on her."

"Wouldn't surprise me." His cheek curls up on one side, no smile.

"That's terrible. We should do something." Even if I don't believe Jen is really my sister, I still don't want someone taking advantage of her that way, especially if he's a grade-A ass**le like Tucker. God, wouldn't it be something if it was Tucker? That would really mess with my mind. "It's the worst feeling in the world to be cheated on. Do we have proof?"

"This is the first I'm hearing of it."

"Well, I'm not going say anything unless there's evidence. She says she wants to double date."

"Are we dating?" The words sail from his lips each their own song. He gives an evaporating smile before glancing back at the road. There's nothing but a wash of headlights over grey asphalt, not another soul around.

"Are we moving too fast for you?" I tease.

"Moving too fast? With Jen chaperoning our dates?" Wesley interlaces his fingers with mine. "I think if that starts up, we'll be moving backward."

"So there is a we." A hot bite of heat detonates in my stomach. I don't remember doing this flirtatious dance with Wes before. It was all so easy, so fluid back then, but there's something exciting about this staccato touch and go movement, the fits and starts of passion Wesley keeps igniting. I could linger here-breathe the lust-filled air all night, its fragrance sweet like perfume.

"You have a way with words," he says.

Wesley Parker has a way with everything. I want to memorize him like this, with the night stamped around him as he glows phosphorescent. I want to erase the last image I had of him back home, the one I tattooed in my brain just before they shut the lid on his casket.

The smile bleeds off his face, and he looks over at me with a somber expression.

"Fletch says you guys are heading home this weekend." He gives my hand a squeeze as if jogging my memory. "He invited me to go."

"Please come. I know nothing about 'home,' and I'd feel lost without you."

"Sure I'll go." He glances over at me apprehensively. "You don't remember home?"

"Zero."

"Let's see, you know that Jones and my mother are dating, right?"

"Did I? I don't think so. That's sort of weird, right? I mean, my uncle and your mom, Jen and Blaine, and..." I stop short of adding our names to the couples roster.

"And..." He tilts his head as if beckoning me to continue. "You and me?" He looks doubtful as if I should abandon all thoughts of our pairing right here in the middle of nowhere before my delusions get too out of hand.

"You and me." I try to say it with an air of confidence but it comes out a question.

I decide to change the subject and segue back to my fabled family. "So why do people keep calling him Jones? Why not Uncle Jones?"

"He refuses, always has. Just goes by Jones. He runs the legal department at Althorpe, some big advertising company that has divisions all over the country. That, and your family's dealings keep him busy. He and your mom inherited millions from your grandfather who passed away about ten years ago."

"Millions? What kind of work did my grandfather do?" My mother worried about not bouncing a check. Millions was a term of exaggeration-something laughable, not a reality kept in government promissory notes that lined our bank account.

"He inherited steel. Your grandchildren will be living off the interest in the bank. I believe it was actually billions, but Fletch and I don't talk money, so that's all I know."

"Steel," I let the word roll off my tongue. "Fascinating. And, I hear I have a father."

"That's right, a complete set. I've got one of those, too. Mine lives in New York with his new family. Yours, however, is a bit more altruistic. Your parents are missionaries. They serve rice and wash people's feet for fun."

"Sounds like nice work if you can get it."

"That's what I hear." He shakes his head at the road. "Right now they're finishing up in Uganda. They'll be coming in this weekend. Usually this is the part where they announce their new adventure." Wes crimps a smile into the road. "Anything else you want to get up to speed on?"

"How did I ever not notice you before?" That alone is proof positive I wasn't here.

"You noticed me." He gives a dark laugh. "You threw water balloons at me from the balcony and filled my socks with toothpaste when I spent the night. You thought it was pretty funny to pass me a soda with nothing but water in it."

All juvenile pranks I would easily pull on Fletch. I was immune to torturing Wes that way. Wes fascinated me. He let me follow him around and observe while he sketched gnarled branches, the anatomy of a leaf with all of its intricacies. In truth, it moved me to see him so passionate about something that didn't involve sports or farming. Wes was his own piece of performance art.

"Sounds like I'm guilty of a bunch of petty offenses. All signs that point to a classic crush," I offer.

"The real question is how did I not notice you?" He says it quiet, lower than a whisper.

Because I wasn't here.

Our eyes lock for a moment. Wes bears into my soul with laser precision. Something stirs in him. It awakens him on a primal level.

"I have a confession," he says it quiet while returning his focus to the road.

"You secretly like toothpaste in your socks?"

"Very funny," he flat lines. "Actually-I've always felt something for you." He loses his gaze straight ahead, as if simply verbalizing this births an epiphany.

My heart warms to hear him say it. Wes just declared his feelings for me, enwreathed me in a rainbow of his affection and I bask in the glory.

"I've always felt something for you, too," I whisper.

He glances over at me as if he doubts this, as if he knows exactly how I felt before I "fell out of the tree house" and now my emotions are as misaligned as my memory.

We drive into a pitch-black reserve-so claustrophobically dark it's like traveling in an abandoned portal of time, lost in a tunnel that never seems to end.

He pulls off on a dirt road and drives us down to a black lake that reflects the moon in one brilliant shock of light.

"It's so beautiful. What is this place?"

"Charity Lake." His eyes widen as though it just dawned on him what a blank slate I've become.

"Do we have memories here?" It reminds me a lot of the lake back home. It might have had a name, but we just called it the lake. You'd get sucked down into the mud if you weren't careful, rumor had it twelve children had been swallowed alive by the mire over the years. It's the lake Fletch and Wes drowned in, but it's safe to say I'm not bringing that one up tonight.

He rubs the top of my hand and frowns into me. "Come on, let's go outside and make new memories."

Wes comes around and takes up my hand again. Sadly, his implications feel platonic rather than romantic. A part of me wants to slap him, teach him a lesson by way of smacking him across the lips with a nice long kiss.

I shiver in next to him. It's cold out here. Solid ice might be warmer.

"Weather changes on a dime. Watch, we'll have a blizzard before October." Wes glows under the splendor of the platinum moon. His soft dimples pull into perfect commas as he takes me in. If he doesn't kiss me here, under the influence of a navy sky, with the unblemished lunar sphere blessing us from above, it may never happen. This is magic, electric-a dream within a dream.

"Sounds like fun." I try to focus in on his words. "I don't think I've ever seen a blizzard."

His brows furrow as if I've seen a million, and here I was denying all their glory.

"I'm sorry," I whisper. It feels like I'm losing my safe zone with Wes. But there's not another person on the planet I'd want to share this information with.

An entire ball of tiny lights drift out from under a huge willow to the right.

"Fireflies!" I jump on my toes.

Wes wraps his arm around my shoulders and pulls me in.

"Pretty," he says, dusting over me with his eyes.

"Totally-like intensely beautiful."

"I mean you." He closes his eyes in defeat. "And yes, I think you're intensely beautiful. Fletcher is going to kill me."

"Who cares about Fletch?" I take him in as a river of light dances over his shoulders. I always want to remember him like this-perfect and pure.

"Who cares about Fletch," he echoes below a whisper, pushing in close with his lips before backing away ever so slightly. Everything in me aches to pull him in, keep him there for all eternity.

He stretches his hands over mine and clasps our fingers in the air.

Wes leans in and gives the softest kiss-igniting an invisible fire around us, enough to charge the whole new universe.

He does another quick sweep then backs away leaving an aching void in his wake.

Wes holds my gaze for three solid seconds before crashing his lips over mine, pressing in a hearty kiss that says I know you, and I've always loved you with the every part of me. His lips skim over me. Wes covers my mouth with a groan that strains from deep inside. I push into him as his tongue spirals in and out in a hurry, then slows to a tender pace that certifies the fact this is holy and right, the only place he ever wants to be.

We kiss for weeks, minutes, miles-sharp protruding kisses, mild bleats of passion, an inventory of teeth and gums. His guttural moans, his thundering heart-I drink it all down. Wes picks me up by the thighs and pulls me over his hips. He gives a dizzying twirl while kissing me through a smile.

I never want this to end. I want it to stay like this forever with Wes.

I love him with everything in me. I've always loved him.

He pulls away and looks into me with a startled affection.

"I love you, Laken. I've always loved you."

14

The Runaway

The sky rumbles overhead. A parade of boiling clouds amass in one midnight procession of grandeur as the sky prepares to unleash its fury.

Wes mentioned there was one more place he wanted to take me tonight, so we drive over hills and valleys on dark lonely roads for miles.

"You mentioned earlier you had practice. Are you playing football?" Wes played football-he breathed football back home.

"Water polo." His head ticks to the side when he says it. "Got a game against Rycroft next week. Miles will be there."

"Who?"

"Tucker."

"Oh." Sounds like an unfortunate disaster brewing. "I doubt I'll recognize him."

"I will." He raises a brow into the road.

I like this side of Wes, protective, just enough jealousy to let me know he cares.

A tall building emerges, a giant white square with a backlit sign out front that reads, Flanders' Institute.

"What's this?" A wisp of fog twirls around the base of the structure. The lights on the top floor extinguish themselves simultaneously.

"Psychiatric facility." Wes slows as we pass the grounds before speeding back up onto the highway. "I'd better get you home-ten minutes to curfew."

"So, that's it?" No offense, but I would've opted to extend our marathon of lingual affections by fifteen minutes then do a drive by of the local psych ward. "What's the point?"

"I've seen three friends end up there." He chews on the inside of his cheek.

"Too late for a visit?" I try to make light of it, but seriously? Wes must be convinced I'm a loose cannon. If I don't shape up and conform to what the people- excuse me-the angels around here believe in, I'll be shipped off to Flanders' field for the mentally degenerate. This non-ubiquitous little drive-by definitely falls under the category of "not that into your insanity."

He picks up my hand and presses it against his lips, breathes over my knuckles rife with worry.

"I'm not crazy," I say. It's looking like the prospect of any kind of real relationship has just been taken off the table. With each of us swimming in our own realities and pointing the insanity finger at one another, the only way for this to ever work is for one of us to cave.

"You're not yourself," he says it low. "Not everybody here knows you fell this summer. You were in a medically induced coma for three weeks. You had tubes coming out of every part of your body." He chokes on the thought. "You're just confused. You probably needed continuing treatment. Look, I'm not trying to scare you or offend you, but I don't think you should run up to every person on campus and tell them about Kansas." He says Kansas like it's a dirty word. "I'm really worried, Laken. It's like you had this dream and you believe it." He bears into me, solidifying the fact he doesn't.

"Maybe this should be our secret. Just bring your questions to me. I'll be more than happy to help. I'm not too sure Fletch or Jen should know either, but I'll leave it up to you." He eyes the facility in the rear view mirror.

"So you don't want me to end up there." I bite down on my lip to stave off this feeling I have to rip his head off and examine his brain from the inside.

"In a way, I do." He lets out a dull laugh.

Unlucky for me, Wes is feeling charitable with the truth tonight.

I glance down at the door and eye the lock without turning my head should the need to tuck and roll into the open road overcome me. The last thing I need is Wes turning me into the authorities because I accused him of being my boyfriend-the artist who drowned in a lake.

God-he probably thinks I'm going to drown him, that I have homicidal tendencies toward him and my brother. I'm so stupid. I should've seen this erroneous psychiatric incarceration coming a mile away. That was probably a mercy kiss he offered me back at the lake. He was simply displaying erratic emotional behavior before turning me into the authorities, i.e. guilt.

He said he loved me, but maybe "I love you" is just one of those things you say to people you regard as family before you throw them into rehab or juvy and turn their life into road kill because you care so damn much. It's clear he doubts my sanity.

I sink in the seat and eye the highway-wonder if we're going too fast for me to do a little concrete-diving? I might prefer flesh-dripping Spectators or violent Fems to this new, intrusive, and perhaps even sinister version of Wes.

"What I mean is," he goes on, "my mom has known Dr. Flanders for years. He's the lead psychiatrist. If anyone can figure out what's going on with you, he can."

"Do large jolts of electricity play a part in his treatment plan?"

He shakes his head with a wry smile.

I don't think I'll be spouting off about Kansas anymore.

I have a feeling this is going to be one percent trying to play along with this new world and ninety-nine percent trying to figure out how to convince Wes this is all a lie.

I watch as the Flanders house of horrors recedes like a bad dream through the passenger's side mirror.

What if that's all this is-one long, bad dream?

Ephemeral is lit up like a hazmat scene. A fire truck and a police car sit outside Austen house with spasms of light reflecting in a blaze of blue and red glory.

"What the hell?" Wes parks high on the ridge, and we run down together expecting to see a massacre, or a triage unit set up on the front lawn with a line of gurneys pulling out countless victims-a Spectator, a Fem-but there's nothing.

We head inside and find the girls in a mass huddle in the great room downstairs.

"Where have you been?" Jen doesn't bother hiding her rage.

"Relax." Wes steps into me. "It's five minutes past curfew," he says it soft in an effort to defuse the situation.

"Don't tell me to relax." She bats him in the chest. "She was supposed to have been studying in the library with Casper, who, by the way, took off. They're combing the area right now looking for her."

"Took off?" I know damn well she didn't get very far, but hold my tongue lest Wesley do more than drive me past Flanders.

"They're checking to see if any of her things are missing from her room." Her voice shakes. "Flynn's up there right now trying to conduct an inventory."

I bypass Jen and take the stairs two by two, past the police officer and a worried Ms. Paxton, who I'll never believe is Wesley's anything. His real mom is all country, apron in the kitchen, dinner on the stove every night at six. Ms. Paxton looks like she'd rip the balls off the nearest male for sport-eat them for breakfast for their nutritional value.

Flynn is lying on my bed with his arm covering his face while a man and woman hunch over Casper's laptop scrutinizing its history.

"Are you okay?" I go over to him.

Flynn gets up on his elbows and twists his lips as though he were indifferent at this point. "I'm hanging in there. My parents are trying to figure things out."

"Who's this?" A tall blonde turns around exposing fresh glittering tears.

"This is Laken. She just got here two, three, days ago." Flynn lets out a breath.

"Did she say anything to you?" His mother sighs, frantic with worry. Her hair is set in a disheveled chignon with a turquoise clip threatening to dislodge itself in the back. Flynn's father slaps the laptop shut and turns with the expectation that I might have news.

"She said she had to leave early. She had kitchen duty," I offer just as Ms. Paxton steps into the room.

"She came back and left a note." Wes walks to my desk and hands it over to her mother. I don't know why it feels like he cut me off. Maybe he's afraid I might spout off more of my crazy into the world. If anything, Casper was my predecessor in that realm.

"Did you check the forest?" I shoot a quick look to Wes as I say it. He damn well knows she went in because I told him. I'd be shocked if he didn't believe me now.

"The forest?" Her father's face bloats with grief and anger. He might explode like a grenade, if I told him what really happened.

"That must be the direction she ran off in." Ms. Paxton nods into me with a dare. I look for traces of Wes in her, something remote that might betray my trust in who I really am and where I came from, but her entire person is foreign to me. She looks far too thin and frail to have ever produced a child to begin with, let alone a god like Wes. "The morning fog can be deceitful." She pulls her lips in a line. "You probably saw her heading to the highway just left of the woods."

Why do I get the feeling Wes and his mother are playing for the same team-the one that wants me to keep my arms and legs inside this crazy train at all times.

She places a hand over the grieving woman's back.

"We'll have to file a missing persons report." Ms. Paxton is quick to escort them out of the room.

"Sorry, man." Wes comes over and sits on the edge of Casper's bed.

"She'll come back." Flynn shakes his head in a daze.

Wes and I exchange glances.

"I'd better go." Wes gets up and heads to the door. "I'll pick you up for class in the morning, if you want." He rubs my shoulder, consoling me in the process.

"I want." I push my fingers to my lips in a mock kiss as he leaves.

"She say anything else to you before she left?" Flynn's lips quiver, turning a bright red as though he were about to lose it.

"I don't know where your sister is," I say it low. "But one thing I know for sure. She didn't run away."

15

Get Nervous

In the morning I rouse to a dull grey world as God's breath of illusions float around campus, vapid and stale. The fog is so thick you could take a bite out of it if you wanted. It's as if summer were conveniently turned off like a faucet in time to usher in the colors of fall, the crisp air you need to pick apples from the trees.

The weariness-the droning fatigue of morning, makes me think of Tucker, my best friend Amber, Mom and Lacey back in Cider Plains and what they must be doing right now. Most likely running around, getting ready for school. I glance over at Jen sprawled out on Casper's bed with her long golden limbs hanging off the mattress. It was nice that she wanted to comfort me. She said she'd stay with me until Casper came back.

In the shower, I think of Wesley and his sweet lips. I dreamed of those wondrous, bewitching kisses on a loop. It was bliss.

After I dry off with a towel thicker than any blanket I ever wrapped myself in back home, I step into the closet and touch Casper's things. Her jackets and sweaters hang like ghosts. If she really ran away, why didn't she take them? I guess she could have dressed in layers, thrown a few things in a backpack, but I find that doubtful. Casper was off to solve the riddle of the Sphinx, and the Sphinx just so happened to open its mouth and swallow her whole.

I curl my hand around a silk white blouse, soft and slippery.

I knew her less than a week, and I'm mourning her-just knowing she was alone with those beasts in the forest inspires an agonizing ache in the pit of my stomach. I can still hear the fear in her voice, and it scrapes me raw on the inside.

Wes and his staunch denial of the event is the equivalent of drinking bleach and having someone tell you it wasn't poison.

I pull on a pair of jeans and a cream angora sweater that clings to my skin in every good way.

"Where do you think you're going?" Jen collects a towel and runs the shower for herself. "You can't wear that. It's not free dress."

"Oh, right." I head back into the closet. A row of navy uniforms line the rear wall. Skirts, bobby socks, white pressed dress shirts and sweaters. I pull out the blazer and examine it. A gold coat of arms sits proud on the left, two lions embroiled in a death match with the words Ephemeral Academy embroidered above in red lettering, the words Where Legacies are Born scrolled across the bottom.

I do a quick change and grab the backpack, the laptop and a few loose school supplies that were on my desk when I arrived.

I'm too nervous to eat, so I skip the dining hall and step outside for my first day of fabricated academia. What the hell kind of fantasy offers the benefit of education? Maybe I'm in hell, and all of the classes will be mind-bogglingly difficult. You don't pass and they feed you to the Minotaur.

I take in a lungful of fresh morning air, cold and sterile. An outright feeling of terror hits me as I look over at the black of the forest.

I'm sort of rooting for Casper to have run away. I'd hate to think of the alternative.

It would be insane if Wes were right, and my old life was just some dream.

My heart breaks for Lacey all over again.

It's because of Lacey I know Wes can never be right.

Wes emerges from the powder white fog, dark like a shadow, his smile radiating all of his earthly eminence.

"Morning." He pulls me in by the waist, warms my hips with his strong hands. The smile dissipates from his face. "Talked to Fletch last night." He leans in and presses a quick kiss against my lips-sets my day on fire before I ever see the sun.

"Fletcher?" Old Fletch could care less that Wes and I were seeing each other. We could have gone at it on the couch full throttle. He would have simply sat down next to us and turned on the TV-munched on a bag of chips in the process.

"He said he'd break my balls if I hurt you." Wes gives a wicked grin.

"Sounds like entire generations of Parker's are at stake." I trace his dark brow as it peaks over his eye. "I guess you better not hurt me."

A group of girls barrel past us, lost in conversation. They turn around independently and gawk at our interlocked hands, scan my face like they were memorizing it for later.

"Seniors," he whispers. "They'll be gone in a year."

"So will you." The thought of being here, anywhere, without Wes terrifies me. I reach up and run my hand through the back of his hair. It holds the moisture from his shower, thick and slippery.

"I'm going to T.U." The divots hollow out in his cheeks as he presses out a bleak smile. "I'll be like Jen, take up residence on campus."

It's as if our newfound joy were already clouded over with the shadow of graduation.

"You can work at Henderson." I jump a little when I say it. Only because I know where it is in proximity to my own dorm. I envision myself striding in after midnight, doing the walk of shame just before dawn.

"I think I should work at Austen House." He gives a naughty smile. "Make sure you brush your teeth before bedtime. Tuck you in."

The thought of Wes tucking me in at night exhilarates me-makes me want to drag him there right now to rehearse the effort.

A cry erupts from a distal part of the school grounds. My head explodes in a giant ball of fire from the sound, and I snatch at my temples to stave off the pain.

"Laken!"

"Did you hear that?" I snap my neck over toward the forest as the residue of my name continues to echo.

"Hear what?" Wes is mildly alarmed, but he's trying to hide it, I can tell. "Are you in pain?"

"I thought I heard someone call my name." I look past the giant statue of the Minotaur, past rows of sterile dorms, to the forest that surrounds the north end of the property. The trees wave wildly as though they were taunting me. "Look at that." I point over to the strange sight.

"It's just windy." He spins me on my heels and guides me over to the English building with his arm low over my shoulder.

It's not windy. The fact my hair hasn't suctioned to my lip gloss can attest to the lack of that particular weather phenomenon. I look back over at the trees, and they're perfectly still as though they never moved a bough, as if they were incapable.

"Laken!" Carter bounds over just as we enter the English building. "We have four classes together. That includes cheer."

"Fantastic." I don't bother hiding the fact I'm not enthused about cheer. "Isn't there a law in place forbidding underage girls from entertaining men of various ages?"

"Only if they're shoving dollar bills in your panties. This is school spirit," Carter says it with the utmost regard for the kick pant posse.

Obviously, I've crossed some invisible line with her, and now our entire friendship is under review. Perfect. The first bell hasn't rung, and I'm already on the verge of losing the only friend I've managed to obtain.

"So, you hear anything new about Casper?" Her gold hair falls in ringlets around her face, perfectly coiled and neat.

"Nothing." My heart rate increases. I can hear that voice calling me, reverberating around in my skull, fresh as the first time. Something about the way those trees waved in a spastic tremor was unnerving. I'm pretty sure pines lack the ability to bend in that manner.

"Everything okay out here?" A dark-haired man with a manufactured smile swings open the door to the classroom on our left. His words draw out unnaturally long as if he's not from around here. He wears his dark hair like a cap, a slight wave over the forehead. He's handsome in a creepy sort of way, with the promising beginnings of a lewd smile on his lips. Those laughing eyes of his are saying something. There's something sinister just beneath the surface.

"We're great." Carter gives him an open, dirty look as she says it.

He nods as he ducks inside the classroom. The plasticized smile never leaves his face.

"That's Mr. Edinger-he's an ass." Carter frowns in his direction long after he abandons the doorway.

"Lovely," I say.

"Coop." Wes, flags someone down amidst the sea of bodies streaming in the hall.

"You're going to love Coop." Carter jumps up and waves him over. "Everyone loves Cooper Flanders." Carter lunges at someone behind me with an all-out hug. The crowd dissolves just enough to expose them. It's not until she comes up for air that I see who he really is.

It's the boy from the forest.

And his name is Cooper Flanders.

16

Pleased to Meet You

"This is Fletcher's sister, Laken." Wes pats me on the shoulder as he introduces me to the caramel-haired boy with eyes the color of a stone grey sky.

He's gorgeous in every single way, and my heart seizes unnaturally at the sight of him as if it knows it shouldn't, but biology insists.

Truthfully, I wasn't expecting to see him. Not like this-maybe with an abrupt encounter in the forest, with a zombie wrapped around my neck, but not here with Wes of all people, providing us with formal introductions.

"Nice to meet you, Laken." He doesn't offer a hand, just a warm smile that makes me feel safe and protected.

He's met me, sort of. I wonder if this is just another head game percolating to the surface. For a moment I consider calling him out on it right here in front of Wes and Carter, but don't.

I'd like to thank him for saving my life, but I get the impression that's something best saved for later.

The bell rings shrill just over our heads. Its piercing scream sends a pang, sharp as a blade, right through my skull. I close my eyes a second to try and stave off the pain.

Wes pulls me in and relaxes his arm around me like we're a real couple. Cooper looks from me to Wes with a newfound hesitancy, evicts the smile from his face as he trails Wesley's hand hovering over my chest.

A girl with dark, gorgeous curls pulls Carter to the side, and they start in on an animated conversation before heading to class.

"I wanted to see about getting together with your dad." Wes readjusts his backpack.

"My dad?" Cooper washes his eyes over me, puzzled, as if injecting his father into the conversation changed his opinion of me.

"I'd better go. I'll catch up with you later, Coop." Wes looks back at me. "Meet you in the quad at nutrition?"

"I'll be there." I watch as he disintegrates into a sea of bodies.

"I saw more creatures." It speeds out of me. I don't wait for the niceties to begin, just jump right in.

"You went back?" Cooper looks genuinely alarmed by this. A tiny dimple in the shape of a teardrop implodes just above his cheek, and my stomach does a revolution.

"Yes," I say, trying to focus in on the monsters in my life and disregard his comely features. "And you know that girl that disappeared?"

"Casper?" He leans in and whispers her name soft across my cheek causing a warm shiver to pulsate through my body.

"I followed her into the forest." The words break as I try to keep my emotions in check. "She was screaming."

His chin tucks back a notch as he takes me in. He rounds those pale steel eyes over me as if he had been dying to do so since the day we met.

"You think something took her?"

"Ate her-killed her," I add. "You have to believe me. Something's not right here." I don't know why I feel the need to spill my guts to a guy whose name I've known less than thirty seconds, but ironically it feels right-far more comfortable than telling Wes anything these past few days.

He darts a glance in both directions before giving a soulful look that expresses so much more than sorrow. "Why would you go back in the forest?"

"I followed Casper. I wanted to tell her about the Spectator and ran into an entire herd of these things called Fems. Wesley saved me," I whisper his name like secret.

He pulls his cheek up on one side as if considering it.

"Well then, you must be a part of the inner circle." His eyes darken as he penetrates me with his gaze.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

There's something familiar about him, and not in the "I've seen you in Kansas" or "in my dreams" kind of way, just something oddly serene that puts me at ease. Although, I don't get why he's accusing me of being a part of some inner circle. I find the idea of me being in the know on anything around here absurd at the moment.

The bell rings again and bodies suction into the nearest classrooms, exposing a dull glare on the pale, stone floors.

Dark-lacquered wood arches in rows all the way down this magnificently long hall. It makes it feel like we're standing in the skeleton of some enormous prehistoric creature, a land mammal, or a whale. I've become Jonah waiting for the monster to vomit me back into Kansas. I'll stop running from God, if he'll stop hiding from me.

"Nobody goes in those woods. I'm warning you not to do it, Laken." My body electrifies in a trail of goose bumps as he whispers my name. "Casper wouldn't have gone in unless she felt a need."

"Maybe it was a shortcut?"

"More like a maze," he counters.

"So why do you think she went in?" There's an urgency in my voice. On some level I believe he has all the answers.

Cooper takes a step back, scours the vicinity with his ashen eyes. "She was lured."

"Lured? By who?"

Mr. Edinger steps out into the hall-narrows in on us with a look of admonition.

"Feel free to resume your conversation inside." He gives a sardonic smile as he tries to usher us into the room with a wave. "I'm sure the rest of the class will be interested in whatever it is you're speaking about," he says before disappearing.

"Lured by who or what?" I can't let it go. I could care less about class, tardy slips, or detention-people are disappearing, being lured into the woods and ripped to shreds by monsters the rest of the world doesn't even know exist.

"Maybe it was the same person who rescued you from the herd of Fems?" He tugs his head to the side as if offering an apology.

"Wes?"

"Wes."

There's no way in hell he's right.

As suspected, Mr. Edinger is clearly a sadist. He hands out an impossible syllabus that reeks of disaster as far as my GPA is concerned, if, in fact, I have one. Speaking of which, I have no idea where I fall on the educational Richter scale. I'll have to ask Wes to fill me in on all things scholastic regarding myself.

I stop short of sorting through the ever-growing pile of papers and evict the thought of Wes having something to do with Casper's disappearance.

Cooper turns around and gives a bleak smile as he hands me a small stack of handouts.

"There's more? This is going to be a nightmare."

"Heard you're from Rycroft." His lips give a slight curve as he says it.

I don't remember Wes mentioning that in our introduction. An involuntary smile creeps up at the thought of Cooper Flanders conducting a full-blown investigation on the fictitious Laken Anderson.

"Ephemeral is a walk in the park compared to your old school," he says.

"Yeah, well, maybe so, but this class isn't." I glance down at the mountain amassing in front of me. "And, technically, at my old school, I could finish my homework on the bus in less than fifteen. This is months of endless essays, which, by the way, I suck at."

Mr. Edinger comes by pushing a cart and flops a bloated, rectangular book on my desk-dark crimson, thick as a brick.

"For your reading pleasure." He gravels it out. I glance up to thank him and catch him spearing me with his eyes the color of root beer. "I hear you're drawn to fiction. I had a chance to speak with some of your old teachers. They say you have a real gift with names and dates. Sounds like history will suite you as well." He lets his words hang in the air like a threat before moving on.

Cooper stares into me as though he were amused by my frantic state of being. "Looks like we found the teacher's pet."

"You think this is funny?" I call him out on it. I have a feeling there won't be a lot of secrets between Cooper and me. At least there better not be. "I'm terrible at this kind of stuff."

"Sorry." His voice rasps it out low. "I promise, lit is not the end of the world." He gives a slow blink. "I'm a black belt at essays. If you want, I can go over them with you-see how they're shaping up."

"Thanks." I try to act unimpressed, but I can feel the heat rising to the apples of my cheeks, giving away the fact my heart is racing at the prospect of spending an inordinate amount of time with him-probably some aftereffect of him saving me from that creature. Obviously my hormones are forever in his debt. I hate not being able to control my body like that. "I think we have more pressing things to discuss than lit." I lean in, a little miffed. "Like the fact you've all but accused Wesley of Casper's disappearance."

He hesitates before saying anything, pressing in with a mix of pity and sorrow.

"Laken, how well do you really know Wesley Paxton?"

"I don't know Wesley Paxton." I lift my brows amused. "I know Wesley Parker."

"Who's Wesley Parker?"

"Who's Wesley Paxton?" I c**k my head to the side happy to take control of the conversation, albeit lopsided and psychotic.

He stretches to retrieve more papers, then passes back another four sheets.

"Remember how I warned you not to go into the forest?" His gentle eyes make me want to dive in and swim in their knowledgeable pools for hours.

I give a brief nod as though he were about to tell me something profound.

"Some people are just as dangerous as that forest." He practically mouths the words.

"And you think Wesley is one of those people?"

He expels a short breath, taking me in-gauging to see if he can trust me with his final answer.

"I know he is."

17

Tears for Cheers

I hang out with Wes during nutrition and lunch.

We sit on a bench beneath a Sugar Maple with branches that vault their citrine foliage straight up into the pale expanse-grey as Cooper's eyes.

I pick up a few stray leaves off the ground and run my fingers over their waxy skins, crushing the brittle ones under my feet to powder as Wes fills me in on this strange new life of mine.

"You never said two words to me all last year." He looks downright perturbed by the idea.

I want to say it's because I wasn't here. I was a figment of his imagination-but don't. "I dreamt about you every single night," I whisper. "My days were swallowed alive by the fact we were apart."

He frowns like he doesn't believe me, like I must have hit my head pretty hard to think so.

A shadow emerges. It inches its way over in a phantomlike state.

Kresley appears wearing a pair of dark maple riding boots, her uniform rolled up at the sleeves.

"Hey, Wes-Laken." She drags my name out like a curse. "I've got some of your things in my room. I thought you might want them back." She swivels her hips into him. Ironically, to Kresley, seduction is a key ingredient in the break-up ritual.

"I'll swing by," Wes says it curt, clearly annoyed by her efforts.

"Or I can give them to Laken for you." She shrugs. "That might be easier." Her shoulders hike up to her ears and stay there as she zeros in on me with a cold-filtered hatred.

"That would great," I say, a little overeager. I'm not opposed to reducing the emotional and physical proximity between the two of them at any given time.

"Perfect, I'll get them ready for you." She shakes out her dark curtain of hair and presses her nose into the wind. She might as well be posing for a print ad-she looks that perfect. She leans forward, offering Wes a brief hug and traps my fingers against the bench with her knee, crushing them with a horrible pinch. I retract my fingers like pulling them out of a fire.

"Oh, I'm sorry." Her hand flies to her lips with the lie. "I would never do anything to hurt you, Laken." It comes out a knife-sharp threat.

"I wouldn't let you." I meant to say, I'm sure you wouldn't, but the words rearranged themselves in the right order.

She burns me to ashes with her laser-filled venom before stomping off. The dew-covered lawn stains her boots clear to her ankles and I have a feeling she'll blame me for ruining her shoes like she blames me for stealing Wes.

There are some things you can replace with money and some things you can't.

I wrap an arm around Wesley and take him in, my dark knight whose life springs eternal alongside my own.

"I'm impressed with the way you handled that." He gives a sly grin as he pulls in closer.

"I'd rather find other ways to impress you-like this." I lean in and deliver my own box full of memories by way of a kiss that spans state-lines. It leads us all the way back to open skies and fresh country air.

I can feel his heart beat erratic just beneath mine.

I would say he is most certainly impressed.

During P.E., the rest of the girls who are being forced to cheer and I are wrangled over to the west end of the field where Jen and another assistant coach huddle over a clipboard. The other girl, a milky blond like Jen but not as ridiculously beautiful, introduces herself as Mars Adams.

Flynn was right. This really is the land of pretentious names and ass**les with most people taking residence in both categories.

Jen and Mars break us up into groups, and Carter and I get thrown in with Jen.

"Don't you go to Trinity U.?" I ask my newly acquired sibling as she crouches over a set of speakers.

"Tuesdays and Thursdays. In a few years I'll be running this place-the cheer part of it anyway." She spikes to her feet. "And you're going to help."

"I am?" I find this doubtful. I'm hoping to have escaped my strange incarceration long before I let a couple of years drift by. One thing I'm finding consistent about nuJen-she has an unending supply of rich delusions.

"Yes." Her eyes augment to the size of tennis balls. "Wouldn't it be something if you married Wesley and I married Blaine?" She gets that swirly look in her eyes that one can only achieve at a heightened state of fantasy. "We could work together and have families together. Blaine is going to teach here. We could live on campus and never leave Ephemeral."

Why do I get the feeling Ephemeral and a roach-motel have an awful lot in common?

Personally, I don't see how all of us shacking up on a campus, that's overrun with a healthy population of the undead, will be mutually beneficial to either of our prospective families. In fact, if I do end up trapped in this bizarre alternate universe for a long stretch of time, I might be moved to slaughter a few hundred residents myself.

"Look, I'm not really into cheer." I hate to drop the pom-poms so early on while the shoots of our sisterly bonds are still tender at the root and whatnot, but I don't see any other way of getting out of voluntarily showing snatches of my underwear to thousands of people armed with telescopic photo equipment on game day. "To me, cheer has always been on par to publicly pantsing yourself in order to build a false sense of community through a glimpse of girls crotches. I mean, it derogates our entire species and sends women's lib back about a thousand years. I seriously doubt cave women jumped up and down and showed off their sheepskin panties as a display of appreciation for the home team." On some level, I'm thinking she'll agree. There has got to be something in her that finds the premise behind the sexual aerobics of it all belittling.

"What?" Her face contorts as though I've physically assaulted her. "I have news for you..." She hisses, casting a quick glance behind her shoulder. "I pulled some strings to assure you a slot on the team. It's going to take a lot of idiocracy on your part to screw this up. And women's lib? What is the matter with you?" Her hand flies up over to her lips as if she's just had an epiphany. "It's because of Casper," she whispers. "You're saying all kinds of irrational things because you're having a meltdown." She pulls me into a lengthy hug. Her silky hair blinds me momentarily as I take in her scent, a sickly sweet honeysuckle that I inhale by the vat full. "From what I hear, she had some serious problems with her parents. They think an Internet romance was involved." She gives a disapproving smirk before blowing her whistle. "Get in line," she barks out at the entire group.

Jen subjects us to a third-degree torture routine that assures me on many levels I will never be a good candidate for anything that involves extreme forms of physical exertion i.e., the army, Olympics, marathons, walk-a-thons, read-a-thons-they are all clearly outside the realm of my endurance capabilities.

In an act of mercy, the bell rings, and I collapse on the lawn next to Carter with sweat trickling down the side of my face in long, hot beads. My skin stings like a sunburn from the sheer effort I've put in, and my joints ache from Jen's attempt to extricate them by way of jostling them out of my body.

"There's a party at Henderson Saturday night." Carter sits up, dusting loose blades off her thighs. The back of her hair has blown up into a ball of frizz from the soft precipitation dotting us.

"I won't be here. Fletch is taking me home to meet my uncle."

"Meet your uncle?" She narrows in on me. "Are you talking about Jones?"

"Meet with my uncle," I'm quick to correct. Wes is right. If I keep up the blank-slate routine, I'll be strapped in five-way restraints by midnight. "You know, hang out with family-have a barbeque, sing by the campfire." It's going to be really hard not to spill everything to Carter. I've never made it a habit to hold on to secrets for very long. I'm desperately in need of someone to talk to outside of Wes. If anything, Wes is fueling this insanity by playing along with the rules of a game that neither of us signed up for.

A group of football players walk by. The tall one with shoulders wide as a building offers a generous smile. It's not until he turns that I realize its Cooper. His teardrop shaped dimples melt off his face-makes me want to initiate them over and over again.

"Tell me about Cooper Flanders." I'm pretty sure it's the one subject I won't be grilling Wes on.

"Coop? He's a nice guy. He's a jock, smart like Wes. Lives off campus with his family. Mostly keeps to himself. Why? You like him?" She lights up like a jack-o-lantern at the prospect of fresh gossip.

"No." My cheeks burn with the intensity of an inferno, calling me out on the lie. "Wes says he can help me." I doubt I should mention the head doctor. "On my essays-in lit. Plus he's in my global challenges study group." It's true. We paired up during fourth.

"You should make him your official tutor-you know, pay him." She nods thoughtfully. "He gets to go to school here because his dad's on staff. He doesn't come from money."

"What about that hospital named after his dad?"

"His grandfather," she corrects, "and it was more of an honorary thing."

"So, the rest of us come from money?"

"There are only six degrees of separation between the rest of us and God." Carter bears into me in earnest. "Riches are just at the top of the list."

"Laken."

My name vibrates from far in the distance-cool and smooth as if it were a friend waiting to greet me.

"You hear that?" I ask, turning toward the forest. It was a girl-the same eerie voice from this morning.

"Hear what?" She follows my gaze completely perplexed.

Wes comes up with Fletcher by his side, and I forget all about the voice and the acute pain my body is in. Instead, I take Wes in as a feast of carnal roving ensues.

Carter and I pop off the lawn like corks to greet them.

Wes nods me over to the side by way of a killer grin. His dark hair is slicked back, arranged in thick strands black as raven feathers. His eyes compete with the lawn to rule this emerald empire. My entire body quivers to be near him. Even in this close proximity it's not nearly enough.

"How did you like school?" He steps into me until our stomachs touch.

"This place is impossibly tough," I lament. It takes everything in me not to wrap my arms around him and run my fingers through his saturated mane. He looks genuine, not at all like someone who might lure a girl into the forest.

"You're just on overload. Give it a week. It'll be okay. I'll help you through it." He picks up my hands and gives a gentle swing. "I talked to Cooper," he continues. "He said he wouldn't mind if you swung by his house to talk to his dad."

"Trusted sources say we should pay him for the tutoring services." I twitch my fingers in air quotes when I say that last part.

"Already got it worked out. I'm taking care of it."

The Wes I knew held a job at a nearby dairy afterschool and on weekends. We needed to save just to see a movie, eating was mostly optional. If someone gave him a Range Rover, he would have sold it for cash, lived off the reserve for the rest of his life.

"So what should I tell his dad?" I try to envision myself on some long couch that doubles as a bed in a cloistered office littered with how-to manuals for the reanimated human brain. "That I came from Kansas? That you and I are both dead-Fletch too?" Obviously this is loaded information. I might come off more lucid if I walk in with a bomb strapped to my chest and demand a thousand pounds of chocolate. And that's precisely how much chocolate it's going to take to alleviate this entire situation. Not that it could ever be alleviated, not with Lacey temporarily, perhaps permanently, out of my life.

"No." Wes gives a little laugh. "The other truth." He softens into me. "Tell him about the tree house, how you're having trouble remembering. I bet he has ten different exercises that will bring you back to normal in no time."

Normal. There it is, his proclamation to my so-called insanity. Wes believes I'm abnormal. Maybe, I am.

"Okay. I'll go."

"Great. Coop will meet you outside the gym at five. He can give you a ride. I got library duty, but if you want, I can swing by and pick you up."

"I'd like that."

Wes twists a smile that says he's unsure about something, but his lust-filled gaze suggests otherwise. A powerful spike of heat rips through me. I'd like nothing more than to give him a kiss right here on the field.

Wes lights up as though he's onto me, leans in and presses a searing kiss against my lips. He pulls back and canvases me as though he were conducting an audit of my emotions. There's a marked look of sorrow written across his face, and it alarms me on a primal level.

"What's wrong?" I bear into him. "Why all the sadness when you're with me?" Sadness is an understatement. He drips with agony, slow, achingly sweet as honey.

Wes pulls me in, rubs his cheek against mine before walking me over to the gym.

"I'll be honest." He pauses, leading us over to a Ponderosa Pine, sturdy and stout, a true architectural feat of nature that's immense enough to house every bird on the planet. "Laken..." He sighs, glancing behind me for a brief moment. "I've always dreamed of a future with you."

"I thought you said I was Fletch's little sister." I tease, holding his gaze. His skin looks pale as a ghost against this backdrop of shadows. "That I was like your sister, too."

"A sister?" His breathing grows erratic. His sorrowful expression lingers like a curse. "That was a lousy cover," he says with his chest pressing into mine ever so slightly. "You're gorgeous, you know that?"

"You're gorgeous. Do you know that?" I lean up and push a kiss into his lips, hot-laced with all of my pent-up passion. The forest should fear a fire from the embers of our love.

He keeps his eyes closed a moment too long. "I guess what I'm trying to say is, as much as I want you to get your memory in working order-I'm afraid once you do, things will go back the way they were."

"Well, then..." I huff a laugh. "I guess you'd better hide the toothpaste." I tease before shaking my head. "I have loved you forever, Wesley." I stop shy of saying Parker. "There's no way in hell I'm going to quit now."

I crash my lips over his and pull out a string of melodic kisses like strumming on a harp. I reassure him of my feelings in ways that words could never do.

18

Cooper

Cooper drives us to his house in an overgrown SUV, green with white paneling that looks like it has seen more than its fair share of miles with several decades and transmissions under its belt.

I try to keep focused on the road, but my peripheral vision keeps reverting back to his broad chest, the way his strong hands navigate the steering wheel. The light scent of mint and lemon lingers in the air as if he just hand-buffed the interior. The truck may be old but he takes care of it.

A low-lying fog settles around us. It wafts and swirls as cars cut through the road like smoke rising in some apocalyptic world.

The sign up ahead reads, Welcome to Heaven. Ironic since this is probably as close as anyone actually gets to that fabled place-at least me anyway.

Rows of quaint-looking shops give way to stretches of farmland, houses divided by acre parcels. He pulls off a dirt road toward a relatively average-looking home with a sprawling green lawn and a neat border of spent roses. Their white petals dust the ground like snow.

Cooper Flanders may very well be a nice guy, but he hasn't bothered to utter a single word on the way over, not that I've inspired any conversation by way of opening my mouth, but still.

"You're quiet," he says, killing the ignition before smoothing his hand over the dash like a habit.

"I was just thinking the same thing about you." We envelop ourselves in a bout of probing silence. "I thought maybe before I talk to your dad I could spend some time with you-see if you could convince me that Wes is the big bad wolf." An impossibility in and of itself on multiple levels.

His eyes sweep over me as though I had laid out a dangerous proposition, as if I offered to sleep with the enemy while on some government sponsored espionage mission.

"You're seeing Wesley." His cheek rises on the side with notable disapproval. "I've said too much already."

"I won't tell. I swear."

Moments of palpable silence trace by as he considers whether or not to believe me.

"Let's go in."

The Flanders house is homely inside, plain in comparison to the garish display of wealth that Ephemeral has to offer.

A set of vanilla candles rest on a small table in the entry. They perfume the house with their thick fragrance coupled with the scent of burnt toast coming from the kitchen.

"I almost burned the house down." A lively little girl with sable hair and large brown eyes greets Cooper by way of leaping hug.

"Hey, punk. Keep out of the kitchen." He tousles her hair. She lets out a squeal, but the smile fades from her lips as she takes me in.

"Hi," she says it sweet, and for a moment, she sounds just like Lacey.

"Hi yourself. What's your name?" I drink her in like an elixir, smooth padded face and simple bowtie lips. She fills the void in my soul for Lacey if only for a moment. My entire existence exhales a breath as deep as the universe.

"Marky." Her dark eyes flutter like moths, trying to bury a secret before I can see it imprinted over their coffee-colored landscape. I can see the stain of sadness etched behind those haunted lenses, clear and present as if they were tarnished just yesterday with its horrible ache.

"I gotta run up for a sec." Cooper hitches his thumb toward the stairs. "Keep an eye on her, Marky, make sure she doesn't steal anything." He gives a sly grin before disappearing.

"Figures, the one time he brings home a girl, and she's a thief." She smiles before hopping on a barstool at the kitchen counter. A variety of nail polish is set out, and the residue of polish remover lingers strong in the air.

"I love your name," I say. "Is it a nickname?"

"Markella, but nobody calls me that. It's my dad and mom's names smushed together. She's not here anymore." She picks up the blue pearl polish and stares into it as though the ocean itself were swirling inside that bottle.

"Where is she?" I don't know why I asked. I certainly don't want to exacerbate any pain she's obviously feeling, but a part of me wonders where people go around here, more importantly how they get here to begin with.

"She died when I was five." The words whisper out of her, barely there like the afternoon fog.

"I'm so sorry." I don't know why, but I wasn't expecting death. "I'm Laken."

Her eyes widen. "That's pretty." She paints a coat of white carefully over each finger on her left hand. "I'm going to make polka dots." Bottles of red, blue and yellow sit nearby with the lids undone.

"Can I help?"

She nods eagerly and holds out a small, plump hand. I paint the nails on her right hand, but really it's the bittersweet joy of holding her pillowy flesh that makes me want to help her-my desperation to be near-in, Lacey's world.

If Lacey were here, she would love Marky. Lacey was always socially starving no matter how many play-dates she had or Scout meetings we took her too. Her world revolved around friendship, people, and one of those people happened to be me.

Cooper reappears just as I'm applying blue dots to her left hand with meticulous precision.

He stops at the base of the counter, and I catch a glimpse of his face as it flushes with color. He gives a slight nod as if to say thank you.

"You want something to eat?" He offers. "I make a great peanut butter and jelly sandwich."

"Really? I'm great at eating them." I bite down a smile as I move to her other hand.

"Sounds like you're perfect for each other." Marky stretches out the words in a concerted effort to embarrass her brother.

I finish dotting her nails with blue polish, and Marky pulls her hands back to inspect my work.

"Thank you!" She jumps off the chair and runs over to Cooper, waves her nails in his face like a prize.

"You want another color?" I offer. "I can do red?"

She bounces back to her seat, and lets me apply microscopic red dots to both hands.

"How about yellow?" I reach for the bottle before she can answer.

"No thanks. I like red, white, and, blue. You think you can come next week? I want lightning bolts. My friend's mom does really cool stuff on her nails. It looks messy when I do it myself."

"Marky," Cooper reprimands, while putting the jelly back in the fridge.

"He can't keep me away." I wrinkle my nose when I say it. Her entire face lights up as she lunges into me with hug. I take in the sweet strawberry scent from her hair and pat her small back while trying desperately to ignore the hiccup of pain searing through me.

"I gotta do free reading." Her lips curl to the side as she looks to her brother. "You can have some alone time with your new girlfriend." She enjoys the dig before snatching a paperback off the counter and bolting upstairs.

Cooper shakes his head. "Don't listen to her. She's nine. If you're not careful, she'll have you volunteering your services like some full-blown salon." He sets down a glass of milk and a yellow, scalloped plate with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich set neat in the center.

"You cut off the crusts," I marvel. I can take it or leave it, but this is my favorite.

He catches my gaze. There's a smile his eyes hold for me as his dimples wink with anticipation.

"Old habits die hard, sorry." He sits next to me and starts in on his meal.

"I love your house." I take in the peach tile counter, the border wallpaper printed with fruit that repeats its pattern all the length of the kitchen. It's a real person's home. This house could easily exist in Cider Plains. "At Austen House it's like eating in a fancy hotel-silverware and china every meal. I miss this," I say, running my finger around the rim of a tall blue glass.

"I've got a sink full of dishes you could wash if you miss that?" He bites into his food with a grin.

"That I don't miss. I used to work at a diner. I've washed enough dishes to last me a lifetime."

Cooper's eyes wander to the counter then back again. "What was that, some kind of social experiment?" He washes down his sandwich with a few gulps of his milk.

"No, I-" I stop myself from telling him anything else about the real me. Instead, I change the subject. "That girl, Casper-she didn't run away, and I don't think Wes had anything to do with it."

"I heard she took off with some guy." He places down his glass, examining me like an animal he's yet to determine he can fully trust.

"I don't believe it." I let my words hang in the air-let him witness my rebellion to the system in bite sized portions before dislodging the truth like a truck full of bricks. "Wes say's I fell out of a tree house." I touch my temple trying to stave off the headache already brimming to life.

"He said I was in a medically induced coma for weeks. That I'm having trouble remembering things." I pause to take him in. He has an open face, clear, honest eyes, and a smile that makes me feel unreasonably safe. He lives in a normal house and does the dishes because it's a part of life, not some dormitory-induced punishment. He has a sister just like Lacey and a long-dead mother. Everything in me wants to tell him what happened to me-who I really am.

"Is that what you're here to talk to my dad about?" He dips his chin, lingers over my words with great appreciation.

"Yes. That, and I seem to have had one hell of a realistic dream while I was in that coma."

His features darken. He settles in a faraway look, as if a thought just came to him.

A comfortable silence sets in as we lock eyes and dare one another to make the next move.

"Would you want to share any of that?" It comes out apologetic as if he wants to know, but doesn't want to pry. "It's okay if you don't. I just thought if you wanted to, maybe." He pauses, licking his lips as he takes me in. "You could talk to me if you want to."

"No, it's okay." Wes pops in my mind and I hesitate. "Maybe just keep it between me and you? The last thing I want is to be known as the town lunatic." I might already be.

Cooper presses out a quiet smile. "There are too many people vying for that position. I doubt you'd make the cut."

There's something warm and reliable about him. It's as if I could confess to the most heinous crime, and he would find a way to sympathize.

I start in slow about Kansas, how I thought I had another family, my mom, Lacey, the flat country, lime green grass as far as the eye can see, round bales of hay that dot the landscape, the ripe scents of farm life that I miss so much. I tell him about Fletcher and Wes drowning at the lake, their funeral-my nonexistent father.

I pause long enough to let it all soak in, watch as his somber eyes drag lethargic across my face.

"Wes says I'm a Count." I watch his reaction, but he doesn't even blink. Obviously if he knows about Spectators and Fems, he must be in the know of all things Nephilim.

"Noster." He holds his hand out and I shake it, warm and strong. "Nice to meet you." It comes out sarcastic, playful at the same time.

Noster. I think that's the faction Wes told me to run from.

A tiny laugh vibrates through me at the idea of running away from Cooper.

"So, tell me." I take a breath. "Do you think I've lost it?"

"That wasn't just a dream, was it, Laken?" He leans in as if coercing me to admit it.

"No." The air charges around us, magnetizes us together in some inexplicable way. "I was dead, and now I'm here."

19

Blood Count

Dr. Flanders is a patient man who listens with careful attention while I relay every last detail I believe to be true.

Cooper and I sit in his home office with its dark-stained walls and peacock feathers elongating from a vase in the corner. I'm captivated by their luminescent glow. Their overgrown eyeballs stare blankly out at the room, preciously textured like the wings of a butterfly.

A family portrait of happier times hangs to the left-a picture printed on canvas mounted in a gilded frame, nothing too ornate. The gold wood gleams with pride, catching the reserve of light in the tiny cloistered office. A gorgeous blonde sits by the doctor's side with the two kids, a much younger Cooper and Marky seated dutifully below. I can only assume the blonde is Cooper's mother.

Dr. Flanders gazes out at some invisible horizon just past my shoulder, pondering the insane scenario I've landed before him.

"There have been whispers of resurrections for years. The Counts are infamous for their enigmatic behavior, especially when it comes to preserving their own kind." He connects his fingers at the tips. "I've seen evidence of failed attempts, never one as bright and lively as you." His dark hair and furry brows are a sharp contrast to Cooper who radiates light from his being like the sun. It's obvious Cooper gets his looks from his mother. His sister's dark beauty derives from their father.

"I've been resurrected?" The words pull from my lips like the long drawn-out note of a xylophone, too high and clear to be taken seriously. "It's some kind of bodily extortion, and now they want my mind. Someone's gone through an awful lot of trouble to get me to believe in this world. They've even doctored pictures of me doing moronic things I would never do, like cheerleading."

"I saw you cheer today." Cooper ticks his head at me as though he's caught me in a lie.

"That's because they're forcing it down my throat," I'm quick to counter, not wanting to get into Jen's ban on civil liberties. "Look-Casper, the girl that disappeared? I told her everything the first night I got here, and she said the same thing happened to her." I look from Cooper to Dr. Flanders for traces of sympathy but I'm met with stone-cold stares instead.

"She said she died in an accident, and she had this new family, and-" I stop midflight and lean back in the chair. Maybe I should've stuck with Wesley's idea, kept my mouth shut to begin with-told them about the fictitious view from the tree house instead.

"I'd like to run some blood tests." Dr. Flanders forehead ignites in three hard lines. His wire-framed glasses catch the light as he refers to a piece of paper. "Laken, these tests will let you know whether you're a Count or anything else for that matter. I can have the results within an hour or two." He glances over at the computer monitor. "I've accessed your medical file." He taps the screen, orienting me to it. "It's all here in detail from the moment you were admitted until discharge, every blood pressure reading, every medicine prescribed. It's by the book." He gives a forlorn smile. "According to these documents, you fell a good twenty feet and sustained a nasty contusion at the base of your cerebellum, in addition to a laceration above the temple."

"So you think Wes is right? I hit my head?" It's like having Lacey die right in front of me. I might crawl into the forest myself and let the Spectators and Fems play tug-of-war with my limbs. I'd rather dissolve into nothing than live in a world where my family doesn't exist.

"I'm saying that although nothing is impossible, the alternate world you're speaking of is highly improbable," he whispers it soft, apologizing with his tender knit brows. The pull of remorse tugs on his lips. "I'm sorry, Laken."

"I guess it's better I know the truth." And I'm damn sure it's not the one they're artificially supplying me with. "But I can still find out if I'm a Count, right? The blood test?"

"Yes." He rises. "I'll be right back."

I wait until he leaves the room before leaning into Cooper.

"Looks like I'm back in the running for town loon." I try to sound light, but really it comes out a pathetic admission.

"I wouldn't put anything past the Counts, Laken." He picks up my hand and cups it between both of his-toasty as if he just warmed them by the fire.

"You believe me?" A spark of hope rises at the prospect of not being psychotically insane.

"I think there's only one way to prove it, and it's not the blood test." He gives a slow blink.

"What's that?"

"Root yourself in their organization." He takes in a breath that stretches for miles. "See what they're up to firsthand. Know them, become them."

"You want me to be a spy?" Truthfully, I find the entire idea completely lackluster. As much as I detest the thought of cheer or anything else that requires physical exertion, when it gets right down to the nuts and bolts of it, I'm flat-out lazy.

"If they took your brother and you, what's to stop them from taking your little sister?"

I prick him with a hard look. He's relying on the fact I miss Lacey. He knows how much he'd miss Marky, and he saw me out there with her. I'm vulnerable, susceptible to every bad idea that might come my way, and now he has me right where he wants me because, of course, I might just be damned if I say no.

"And what if they're clean-angelic as can be?"

"You'll have a lovely bond to share with your boyfriend." The lines around his eyes harden at the thought.

"You don't like Wes, do you?"

He twists his lips. Cooper stares into me a moment before answering. "I find him questionable." He shakes his head. "I usually don't waste time shooting off brain cells in his direction." He stares past my shoulder. There's a history, a story there. I'm getting the feeling he won't tell me everything.

Dr. Flanders walks in with something that looks like a tackle box. He sets it down on the desk and plucks it open until it's arranged in a series of stair-step trays. He cleanses the inside of my arm with rubbing alcohol, polluting the room with its mildly offensive odor. He threads two empty vials between his fingers with the dexterity of a magician before injecting me with a needle.

I watch as the crimson liquid races into the tube, bubbles up at the top before shading to soot. It looks unnaturally dark, morbid. It makes me wonder if a lab analysis is really necessary to clue him in on the fact that something is wrong with me, even my blood is necrotic.

"It'll take at least an hour or so once I begin the process. If you'd rather not wait, Cooper can relay the results."

"I'll wait." I don't hesitate extending my stay.

Dr. Flanders exits with my blood in tow, leaving Cooper to examine me with a renewed curiosity. His ravenous eyes rove freely over my face. The hint of a devious smile outlines his lips.

"Why don't we study up in my room?"

Cooper's bedroom is boxy and neat.

Growing up, Fletch always had a mountain of laundry scattered in semi-organized chaos across the floor that he added and subtracted from on a regular basis, not to mention a serious pile of hazardous waste settling around the circumference of his bed. When he died, Mom suggested we burn it. I remember that because it was the first time we laughed since the funeral.

I take a seat on Cooper's bed, rumpling the navy plaid quilt. He sinks into his seat at the desk and pulls out his lit book, turns to our first reading assignment, Madame Bovary.

"I've read it." I shrug, staring up at the ceiling. "Crazy chick looking for love in all the wrong places-offs herself by eating poison. A deadly classic."

"So you have." He glides over in his chair and lands by my side.

"Tell me everything you know about, Wes." I adjust the pillow under my neck and close my eyes like he's about to tell me a bedtime story. It feels so good like this with my eyes shut, with Cooper watching over me like a guardian angel. All of the fear and loathing that I have toward this new reality slowly melts away. "Tell me about the Counts."

"I don't know about Wes specifically. I know there are a lot of Counts running around out there with skills that far exceed their God-given abilities."

"What kind of abilities?" I open one eye to gauge how serious he is.

"Counts have strength and speed, all angels do, but some of them seem to have harnessed the powers of the other factions as well, including Celestra who have the ability to read minds-time travel."

"Reading minds? Time travel?" I lean up on my elbows. I'm fascinated by this although I don't know why. I can't seem to keep life straight in this time dimension, let alone two, and my own thoughts are enough to drive me insane.

"Yes, read minds." He pauses at the lure. "Time travel's the big one they're after. They've been trying to gain powers from the other factions for centuries, attempting to create a super race of Nephilim."

"Because they want it all. They're greedy," I whisper that last part because they have me, and Fletch, and Wes, and, God forbid, Lacey stowed away someplace. "So you said they can read minds?"

"If they touch your skin. Does Wes seem to know what you're thinking?"

"No." I shake my head. "There's no way Wes is reading minds."

"Do you have any recall of ever doing an initiation ceremony? I mean, even if you are a Count, you may not have done it yet." He looks concerned as though it were a disease I were about to contract.

"What's an initiation ceremony?" Why do I get the feeling I'll be tied to a stack of branches at the foot of that bronze monster they glorify in the quad and set on fire? I balk at the thought, but a part of me can totally envision Jen right there with lighter fluid and matches. I expect nothing less from the lunacy that is Ephemeral.

"The Counts have you take a pledge. I don't know what else it might entail."

"Why are you so interested in the Counts? I don't get it."

He drops his gaze to the floor before sinking his diamond-cut eyes back into mine. "I heard Marky tell you about my mom. My mom didn't die, Laken." He circles over me with a profound sadness. "My mom was having problems. She was seeing this therapist-acting strange, out of character. Then one day she just disappeared."

"You think she was abducted by the Counts?"

"She left without taking anything." He gives a solemn nod. "Marky was alone in the kitchen when I came home from school. My mom left behind her cell, her purse-she was wearing house slippers at the time and left one behind. Who takes off on their family without any of their belongings-with only one slipper?"

"You think the Counts would resort to kidnapping?" It comes out lower than a whisper.

"They kidnapped you, didn't they?"

20

Read My Mind

Cooper and I go over Flaubert's masterpiece as a palate cleanse from all this batshit talk about the Counts.

"Here," Cooper says, pulling up the book's synopsis on his laptop as he scoots into me on the bed, "she was a hopeless romantic. That proved to be a problem."

I'm sure Madame Bovary had a lot of problems, in fact, if memory serves correct, the entire story was laden with her needy propensity for attention, but right now all I can think about is the fact Cooper Flanders's arm is raking against mine, hot as a brushfire.

"You used the words hopeless and romantic together in the same sentence." I was aiming for sarcasm, but my cheeks fill with heat. "Do you believe in destiny? True love?" I mean it in reference to Wes and me here together again on planet Earth or locked in my imagination, either or.

Cooper coasts over me with his glacial-clear eyes, a black ring around each cornea. I've never seen that on a human before. My neighbor had a Husky with those eyes-hottest-looking dog on the planet.

Cooper gives a little huff of a laugh as if he heard me.

"Yes." He nods incredulously. "I believe in love." His demeanor changes, softens. A rise of color touches the apples of his cheeks. "I believe when the time is right, if you're patient, the right person will walk into your life." He exhales softly, without breaking our gaze. "Then everything changes."

"Everything," I parrot back in a whisper, afraid of what might happen next, afraid I might do something stupid like reach over and brush his lips with mine because I can't fight the dull ache in my chest that warns me not to.

There's a knock at the door before it bursts open, exposing a rather shocked-looking Wes.

"Hi." I bounce off the bed like a spring.

"You don't waste any time." Wes knuckle bumps Cooper, but there's something serious in his tone that lets him know a line is being drawn. Cooper can go here and no further with me, and for sure his bed is beyond the border of Wesley's guidelines.

"You get a chance to talk to Dr. Flanders?" Wes melts into a smile that sends a massive wave of guilt through me. How could I have thought all those terrible things about him? He's an angel, in the most literal sense.

Cooper walks us downstairs. "My dad is going to have to see her again," he says it like an apology.

Wes nails Coop with a hard look. "In your room?"

"Just studying for lit, dude." Cooper rasps the words out with a twinge of pleasure. His lips twitch into a barely there smile.

Marky hops off the couch and offers me a tight embrace reminiscent of Lacey in every way. Her hair is damp from a shower, the spongy flesh on her arms still sticky and dewy. I try not to look like a freak as I squeeze my eyes shut in an effort to memorize the feeling of having her little body pressed against mine. In that small moment, I try to pretend she is Lacey, but can't. There is no surrogate, never can be. Nevertheless, I like Marky just fine on her own.

"I'll call you and let you know if I figure out the answer to that question." Cooper digs into me with a knowing look. "Continue our conversation."

"Oh, yeah, I'd hate to flunk the first quiz in lit over something stupid like that. Thank you." I let my gaze linger like a threat.

I'm still not sure if either Cooper Flanders or Wesley Paxton is trustworthy. I'm not sure what to believe, but something inside me isn't willing to give up on either of them.

Wes helps me into his Range Rover that bleeds the scent of its leather seats like a neurotoxin, and we take off down the dusty winding roads of Heaven.

"Rain's coming tomorrow," he says, as he leans into the windshield and squints into the sky. "You wanna run into town and grab a quick bite?" His teeth crest his bottom lip, and I can't help notice the fine sharp points on his canines. "Or we can pay Charity Lake a visit. Continue our own conversation." He bears into me with the slight hint of jealousy.

"You don't care for Cooper," I say it low and seductive. A part of me likes Wesley locked in an emotional rivalry with Coop-the green-eyed monster rearing its head, all for me.

He looks out at the open road before pulling onto the main highway. His cheeks pull back, no smile. His eyes shine in the night with an ethereal glow I've only seen on animals. Wesley's heart-stopping features contour to perfection in the shadows.

"Coop's okay." He rounds his hands over the steering wheel like an afterthought. "He likes you. I can tell." The muscles in his jaw flex just this side of anger. We drive out another mile or so without saying anything. He pulls off onto a dirt road and the lake shines back like a mirror.

Wes hops out, takes a blanket out of his trunk and a small paper bag.

"Emergency supplies." He rattles its contents with a naughty grin.

"Are we having an emergency?" I ask as he walks us beneath an overgrown willow and sets out the thick wool blanket. The scent from his cologne pulls me in long before he does.

"My mom insists I keep a bag of candy bars in the car at all times in the event I get stuck or roll off a bridge, you know, all the normal things moms worry about."

"You could live off a ketchup packet for a week." I peer in the bag and pull a Snickers bar out. "Looks like you have a very wise mother."

He falls next to me, waves the bag in the air before tossing it to the ground. Wes pulls me in, traces the outline of my features with his finger, soft as a breath.

I snuggle in close and look up at the dark, brooding sky through the tendrils of the willow. The long branches dangle like dreadlocks, black against the navy velvet. I love it like this with Wes, not a soul around, just the wind, the earth, the sky. I missed these days, and now I have them back again.

I clasp my hand over his and gaze into him. His boyish-sweet looks, his dark hovering brows. I drink them all down like a much needed panacea. Wes was designed to captivate. His soul's entire purpose is to pull you in, make you want to linger and never ever leave.

"I've dreamed about you a thousand times," he whispers.

"Really?" I find the idea of invading his dreams more than a little intoxicating.

"You're intoxicating," he whispers.

I take in a breath and sit up.

"You okay?" He reaches over and places his hand on my thigh.

"Yeah." I crawl down next to him, wash out all of the thoughts of Cooper and the lunacy he filled my mind with. If Wes has somehow procured the power to read minds, I'm sure as hell going to test this theory.

I close my eyes and sift through a litany of ideas before taking up his hand.

The Counts-I wish I was a Count like Wesley. I wish I knew the things he knew, understood his world.

"You know what I was thinking?" he offers. "We should set up a blood bonding for you."

"A what?" Forget my sanity, plasma is clearly at stake.

"It's a ceremony." His eyes widen with pleasure. "It formalizes your commitment to the Countenance. I'll catch a small animal, and you'll sacrifice it."

"That's horrible."

"It doesn't need to die, just bleed. It's a symbol of the old you dying and the new you coming into your own as a Count."

"Like a baptism." Sounds perfectly satanic.

"Something like that. Trust me, it's painless. You just have to memorize the allegiance, and that's the extent of it."

"Sounds easy." I tighten my grip around his fingers.

I can't wait to enter into this new world. Not only will it bring me closer to Wes, but I'll be a part of something bigger than me. I'll finally belong.

I look up at him to gauge his reaction.

"The Countenance are stronger than family. Once you're affirmed, every Count is your mother, your brother, your sister. There's nothing they won't do for you."

"That's what I've always wanted." I swallow hard trying to hide my discomfort.

Family is great, but I want something more, something that would make me special, set me apart from the rest of the world.

I look to Wes and wait to see if takes the bait. So far he's two for two, but those could have easily been coincidences-or at least that's what I'd like to believe.

"You know, Laken..." He loses his friendly demeanor-serious as though he knows something isn't right. "There is something more to the Counts, something that sets us apart from the rest of the world."

"Tell me." I rise up on my elbows and pull back my hand. I'm seriously considering bolting into the lake and drowning as a viable way out of the situation.

"I can't. I'd have to show you," he whispers, interlacing our fingers again.

"How soon?" I glance down at our conjoined hands and what it might mean.

"After the blood bonding, there's a probationary period."

"Can't wait." But it's almost like being a Count won't be enough. There's something in me carved out for something more with Wesley-I can feel it.

The whites of his eyes glint over at me.

He takes in a satisfied lungful of air as he pulls me in. Wesley is spellbound by my every thought.

I want to say something sincere like I'm lucky that I found him, that I have him in my life, but I'm afraid it'll come out cheesy and ruin the moment.

He gives a wayward grin before it dissipates into something far more serious. "I'm lucky that I have you, Laken. I really mean it."

And there it is.

Wes pulls me into a sea of hungry kisses. He runs his hands up the back of my sweater blazing tracks over my flesh in his wake. I'm mesmerized by the fire coming from his mouth-captivated by his viral lust for me, and it makes me forget all about the questions and accusations I have. Instead, I bathe in his sweetness, the sultry dripping kisses that singe every part of my existence.

It takes everything in me to push random thoughts out of my mind. All of the questions that might rattle our relationship, they enwreathe us like a thorny vine- threaten to choke us thick as smoke.

God, I missed Wes. The sweet way about him, the tender ache in me that stretches for miles when he's around. I try to memorize the way his fingers feel tracing over my rib cage, the way his tongue pushes and retracts in rhythm. I reach down and unbuckle his jeans, jab my hands into the back of boxers, and clasp onto his bare flesh.

A loud bang erupts over by the car, and we sit up with a jolt.

"What the hell was that?" I pant, scooting into him.

A shadow staggers forward, then another, and one behind that.

A loud crash explodes to our left. We turn in time to see a body extricating its fist from the passenger-side window of Wesley's car.

"Crap." I hiss in a panic.

Wes helps me to my feet and backs me into the trunk of the tree with an unnatural calm. "We've got company."

"Who are they?"

"Spectators."

"What do they want?"

"To kill us."

21

A Spectator Sport

Okay, I'm no expert, but I know a freaking zombie when I see one, usually around Halloween or on TV, but I digress.

Wes reaches into his pocket and pulls out his keys, wields them like an impotent switchblade.

"What the hell are you going to do with those? We need a knife or a stick." I reach down and pick up a branch. My feet elevate off the ground, and it's not until a wild stench hits me that I realize I'm being lifted into the air by one of the grotesque creatures. "Wes!" I punctuate his name with a viral scream.

Trees move by, the world blurs. I swing from side to side, upside down, as it carries me by the legs-my arms dangling to the ground. I snatch at branches, grab onto rocks, and drag my hands across the grass in an effort to slow it down. A sharp pain ignites over my shin.

Shit! It freaking bit me!

Wesley knocks it off its feet before I can scream, landing me square on my head. The world warbles, fades in an out a moment before I catch my bearings. The creature dislodges me, and I snatch at the ground in an effort to crawl away, raking up enough dirt to furnish a landfill.

"Run, Laken!" Wes lands hard on the creature's chest. It looks like an old man with a strip of flesh missing from the entire left side of his face, his open mouth a dark gaping hole. I pat the ground until I come upon a stick and snap it in two.

The hell I'm going to run.

I head over to Wes. A ribbon of moonlight crests from up above and sheds its lamplight over the scene. This creature, this thing, looks like he could be anybody's grandfather-a slightly decrepit grandfather, but still.

Wes snatches the stick from my hand and dives it into the Spectator's ocular region. He digs it in over and over with an abnormal show of strength.

The urge to vomit bubbles up and I don't fight it. I stagger to a bush and ring out my insides until regurgitating my intestines feels like a real possibility. A pair of bloodied legs appear in my line of vision, and I bolt over to Wes without hesitating.

"Get me the hell out of here!" I drill the words into the unblemished night. "You can't tell me I'm crazy, and you're freaking sane, when zombies exist in your world!"

Wes doesn't stop to carry on a conversation. He merely pulls me over to the car.

"It's locked." He panics, slapping down his jeans. "The blanket." He pushes me over to the passenger side and reaches through the busted window, unlocking the door before shoving me inside. A trail of blood decorates the broken glass, and I'm not sure if it's the creature's or Wesley's.

I track Wes through the shadows as he runs over and shakes out the blanket, pats it down like a criminal before retrieving the keys.

The car starts to gyrate in spasms from side to side.

"Wes!" The sound of my voice fills the interior-rings through my ears like a chainsaw on fire.

The rear window explodes in a powerful blast.

I shut my eyes, hoping it will all magically stop, that this is the final blow that will send me on the first mental flight back to Kansas. I throw my hands up over my face and hide from this hideous world. I'd rather wake up in traction, find out I've lost all four limbs than deal with the prospect of having my brain sucked out of my skull.

The driver's side door opens, and the engine ignites. I look through slotted fingers to find Wes seated beside me, and all of my fear releases.

The car swings wild.

"Get your seatbelt on," Wes shouts over the roaring groans emitting from outside.

My fingers fumble for the buckle until it snaps into place.

The car sways and rocks unsteady. Bodies line the driver's side. They push the vehicle with abnormal strength, and it pauses lateral just shy of tipping. It gyrates once again, and we sail soft through the air landing flat on the passenger side-my head thumps against the broken glass with a good strong knock.

"Laken!" Wes snatches for my hand.

"I'm okay!"

The car moves, slides, tilts, until it flips once again, and we land upside down-leaving us suspended like a bad ride at the amusement park. It rolls once more, then again, until we find ourselves upright in this intensely insane world.

The windows are reduced to spider webs but Wes doesn't hesitate to gun it. He mows over an entire herd of disheveled people like they were nothing more than heaps of dirt-moguls on a racetrack.

A tall man with a loose smile, no teeth, struts forward. Wes veers around him and onto the road.

One of the headlights is out, leaving a narrow path of light tracking over the highway. My head spins as I stare out at the miles of dizzying branches up ahead, the rocks that litter our path.

Wes drives like a demon until we're back out in civilization, nothing but traffic lights in either direction.

Other cars slow down to leer at our noticeably rearranged bodywork-the windows reduced to a pebbled mosaic in the back.

Wes pulls off at a gas station and whips out his cell, sends a text to someone fast and furious.

"Are you calling the police?" I highly suspect he's not because that would be rational, and people around here are rampant enthusiasts of all things irrational.

"Clean-up committee."

"We need to find Cooper and warn him." I pant, my voice threadbare from screaming myself into a near aneurism. "His sister, she's just a baby."

"Already on it." He waves the phone in my direction. "Road kill is his specialty."

We hobble back to Ephemeral with Wesley's beat-up vehicle on the verge of quickly becoming defunct. I asked at least a dozen different questions about Cooper's road kill removal skills, and Wes was artfully evasive.

"Don't tell Jen." He groans. Wes is about as physically disheveled as the Range Rover.

"Does she know about them?" I can't imagine Jen out there tonight. She seems like she might have a coronary in the event she breaks a heel, let alone someone eating the shoe right off her foot.

"Jen lives in a bubble. She knows she's a Count but not much else. Spectators are folklore to her."

"Will she be at the ceremony?"

"Yes, of course. She loves you. We'll do it next week, soon as we get back from your uncle's." He runs his thumb soft against my cheek. His face is cut, his arm covered in blood.

"You're hurt," I say, patting him above the temple.

"I just need a hot shower." Wes digs into me with his smiling eyes as if what just happened were somehow eclipsed by sitting here, being with me in the same vicinity.

"So, they bit me." That's one thing for sure I don't want to think about. "Am I going to-?"

"Turn into one?" He gives an exhausted sigh and shakes his head.

"Where'd they come from?"

"I don't know." He loses his gaze out the window and gets lost in the blank of night. "Something's happening, they've been appearing."

"Do you believe me now-that they took Casper? Either them or those Fems, one or the other."

"If she was in the forest, then yes. If not, she could have run away like my mother seems to think." He relaxes against the headrest and gives a disapproving glance past my shoulder. Wes looks forlorn as though the whole world has gone to shit.

"Was it always like this?" I ask.

"With the Spectators? We'd get one-two a year at the most."

"This was far more than two. It was a whole freaking herd. What do you think it means?" I'm not quite sure I want the answer.

"It means they know how to get out of wherever the hell they're holed up. We need to destroy them before they destroy us."

"Good thing they can't multiply." The thought of millions of those things roaming the earth sends a chill through me.

"I said you wouldn't turn into one, but that doesn't mean others won't."

"Is it because I'm a Count? Angels can't morph into those things?"

"Something like that." He gives an unconvincing smile.

I take my hand back and cradle it in my lap.

I have a feeling Wes knows a lot more than he's letting on.

Little does he know I'm ready to infiltrate camp-find out exactly what the hell he and the rest of the Counts are hiding.

22

A is for Apostate

Once the date from hell with Wes culminates, I try my best to sneak back into Austen House. I loathe the thought of rousing Jen from her official duties as gatekeeper of the condemnation station. I'm in a severe state of freaking dishevelment and out way past curfew. Lucky for me, Jen's got her back turned to the door and is busy having a chortling orgasm into the phone. I'm betting it's Blaine, the love of her life, who also finds time to humor Jax, most likely on her back. Everything about Blaine is a well-spring of fornicating fodder that I don't have time to properly delve into at the moment.

I bolt upstairs so fast I don't even acknowledge the fact that Grayson and Kresley have broken out into a choir of insults from the couch.

The door to my room sits slightly ajar. Anywhere else in the world this would have been cause for alarm. The idea of theft seems to exist everywhere but here. Ironic since this place would be a thief's paradise. No locks plus no limits to the plethora of treasures equals a big-time felonious win. I've never seen an embarrassment of riches so vastly displayed the way I have at Ephemeral. It's surreal, like they've ransacked Rodeo Drive, only no one really cares. And sadly, I have no desire to shop or run out and attach myself with all of the latest and greatest in fashion or technology even though I have three credit cards in my faux wallet that assure me I wield the proper authority to offer a generous boost to the economy.

I want Lacey. I want to go into the Goodwill store with her and hem and haw over how far we can stretch ten bucks. Moments like that were priceless, something the socialites of this haunted establishment will never understand.

The door gives as I kick it gently with my shoe. I find Flynn sitting at Casper's desk gazing into her laptop. He offers a brief grunt and doesn't bother to look up.

A muffled cry for help strangulates from out of the closet, and I peer in to find a familiar-looking girl with a shock of black hair trying to unwrap herself from one of Casper's sweaters. Carter is behind her with a suede jacket wrapped around her person.

"What are we doing?" Really, I'm only half interested. They can loot the place nightly, and I'd find it mildly amusing.

"Flynn says we should each take something to remember her by." Carter cinches the cinnamon colored coat around her waist. The fur sways soft at the collar as she holds her hands out for approval.

"That's kind of sick." I don't mean for it to sound judgmental. You hear about people wanting mementos of the dead all the time, but something in me wants to find Casper, not try on her jeans.

"Yeah, well if she doesn't come back, you get the rest." She dips her fingers into the bevy of flocked hangers.

I trek over to my bed and flop onto the mattress. A loose branch the size of a pencil spikes out from under my arm, and I pluck it away before closing my eyes.

"Laken, you know, Fallon." The introduction bubbles from Carter as if this were a party.

"Nice to meet you. I don't want to sound rude or anything, but can you guys please leave?" Their names are beginning to nauseate me. It's only then I remember I've already vomited once in the forest, and a reprisal seems to be brewing in my stomach. "Like now?"

"Laken!" Carter and her friend break out in laughter.

"I'm sorry. It's just that I'm not feeling good." I decide to support this theory by retching. My unenthusiastic performance successfully chases both Carter and Fallon out the door as if there were a Louboutin shoe free-for-all being conducted in the commons area.

"You met up with a Spectator, didn't you?" Flynn looks me over with a causal inspection.

"Are you a Count?" Obviously if he can deduce the most illogical conclusion, which ironically falls under the category of the truth, then he must be one of the sinister devils-angels-apparently same difference where the Counts are concerned.

"I'm in the effing know," he assures with a spark of arrogance.

"What are you?" Seems a strange question to ask people, but since we're playing fast and loose with the definition of people, I feel it's one hundred percent appropriate and necessary. I'm beginning to think it's the first "logical" question I should ask anyone.

"Little bit Count, mostly Deorsum." He gets back to the computer.

"Is that how you get all those girls to do your will?" I huff it out incredulous at the idea.

"Doesn't work on everyone." A grin blooms on his face as he casts a quick glance in my direction. "Some people are impervious to my powers of persuasion."

"Yeah well, don't feel bad. A lot of people are wishing I were a little more gullible these days."

He buries his nose back into the laptop.

"What are you looking at?" I ask.

"Clues," he says, "old emails. There's some guy in Texas she had it hot for."

Texas. A stilted rumble of laughter gets locked in my chest. Maybe Kansas was too obvious.

"You ever believe her?" My head throbs in rhythm to my heart, and my vision begins to blur. I'm sure an aneurism is pretty high on my body's to-do list.

"She told you?" Flynn comes over and glides onto the bed like he was sliding into home. His eyes glint like shards.

"Yes." I hesitate a moment. "And I believed her."

"Well then you're a bigger nut than she was." He lies on his back and places his arms behind him like a pillow. "She liked that version of life because she didn't like this one."

I wonder if that's true for me?

"What if I told you I have the same delusions?" I toss it out there like a bad theory-watch as the colors in the room melt together in a grey blur as I drag my eyes across the ceiling.

"Do you?" He knocks into my leg with his knee.

"Maybe."

My cell goes off. I swear if I had worn anything other than my uniform that actually has a zipper in the liner, I would not be holding this phone right now.

It's a text from Cooper. 100 percent.

"What's that mean?" Flynn stares up at the cryptic message. He has a boyishness about him that assures his harem will be outfitted quite nicely for a very long time to come.

"It means I'm a Count."

"Pure?" He blinks into me. "It's impossible to find pure bloodlines anymore." He inspects me with a renewed interest. "You pledging?"

"Yes, I'm pledging. I'm going in. I'm going to prove to you, and Wes, and everybody else I'm not a raving lunatic, and neither was Casper."

"You really believed her." The hard line of his jaw cinches-like admitting it is just as foolish an endeavor.

"Yes. And, I believe my truths, too."

"Then I'm going to help you," he growls.

"Why?"

"Because I need to know either way if she was right."

"She was."

In the morning the world glows like a lamp illuminated through tissue paper.

Jen joins me for breakfast. She navigates me toward a barren nook in the back of the dining hall-makes me wonder if she's about to recite a bunch of metaphors deeply rooted in her vast knowledge of all things cheer. And oddly enough, in this reality, that might be just what I need to unlock the secrets to the universe.

"Blaine called, said you were in an accident with Wes. Are you okay?" A pale sheet of hair drapes over her eyes, blinding her momentarily.

"I'm fine. I have a dozen bandages wrapped around the lower quadrant of my leg to prove it." The bruises are gaining momentum, turning a violent shade of red, but I'm choosing to ignore them.

"So, why the sudden interest in Wesley?" Her eyes flare out. "Rumor has it he's only into you because you're easy."

"What?" I lean in over the table. "I'm guessing this tidbit came to you via the Kresley express." I take a moment to openly glare at her from across the dining hall. "I'm not easy." Truth is, if Wes wanted me to I'd lie naked on the senior lawn for him.

"She says you're not a virgin." She hisses the words out in jags. She might as well have accused me of being a terrorist, as though the national security of our country had the power to rise and fall with my zipper.

"I'm not." I really don't want to get into descriptives, semantics, and, least of all, sexual labels, with of all people, Jen. Nor did I come down to breakfast with the intention of pissing her off with the depressing state of my slightly used vagina. I just want to slog down this oatmeal that looks and tastes like recycled cardboard and tell Cooper that yes, in fact, Wes Parker-Paxton or whoever the hell he is can indeed read my freaking mind.

Her spoon slides out of her mouth involuntarily at the thought of my carnal state.

"Are you kidding me?" She squints into me with a death stare.

"I shit thee not." I take a swig of my O.J.

"Laken! Don't joke about something like this. If word gets around, your entire reputation will be a stake."

"At stake from what? The truth?" I gawk at her. Jen's special brand of naivete is harder to swallow than this melted toilet paper I'm forcing down my throat. "I'm sorry but the last time I checked, sleeping with someone was not a major violation of societal morays. And, by the way, that's not why Wes is with me." I lean in. "We're in love."

"Did he say that?" Her eyes spin in that weird hypnotic way they do in cartoons. Jen and her bizarre range of real-life emoticons are really starting to freak me out.

"Yes, as a matter of fact, he did. He said he's always loved me."

Old Wes is trying to break free from the death grip the Counts have on his cranium. He can feel our love stretching back before the time of his death-back to the only existence I wish he ever knew.

"Laken." She tilts her head before encapsulating a pathetic expression that mimics the tragedy mask you see in theatres. "He means like a friend. He's just using you." She buries her face in her hands and groans. "Don't you get it? That's why he dumped Kresley so fast the second you set foot on campus. Because he knows what happened at Rycroft." Her mouth remains open as if to testify to the severity of my hormonal misgiving.

"Not true." I wand my spoon at her. "Wes and I have an undeniable connection. And what the heck happened at Rycroft that was so freaking bad?"

"You're not funny, you know that?" She snaps. "And speaking of that den of immorality, what happened to that kid you were seeing? You seemed to think you and he had a pretty good connection, and we both know how that turned out."

"No, actually only one of us knows how that turned out," I correct. And, oddly, that person isn't me.

"Okay, so maybe you didn't fill me in on every detail, but I know for a fact while you were with him you swore up and down he was the one."

"And, that's precisely why I gave it away." I dot her nose with the tip of my spoon.

"To that kid?" She looks horrified. "I thought for sure it was Wes. Do you know what this means?" Clearly, she could vomit at the revelation.

"That I'm doomed to roam the earth with the letter A attached to my chest?" I bet she'll have it monogrammed to each of my uniforms before evening.

"No." Her crystalline eyes dart to the ceiling. "Technically you're a fornicator, not an adulterer, but believe me you're headed in the right direction." She snatches my hand with her iced fingers. "It means you're going to have two reproductive partners."

"Reproductive?" I bounce back in my seat at the insanity that is Jen. "You mean like at the same time?" Clearly I've been rattled around by one too many partially deceased corpses because I can't follow this carnal maze of a conversation. For sure I wasn't trying to reproduce with Tucker in any way, shape, or form.

"No, stupid." She shakes her wheat colored tresses. "In life. You've cheated your future husband out of the privilege of having you."

"Oh, that." I frown. "Jen." I hiss her name a little more aggressively than I mean to. "Nobody on the planet says the words reproductive partner. Unless you work in a fertility clinic, I highly discourage you from pairing those words in a sentence ever again." It takes everything in me not to fill her in on the fact that Blaine is stuck in full on reproductive mode with other viable females.

Carter walks in wearing Casper's suede coat. The fur on her collar flies back as she breezes through the room, and she gives an ecstatic wave. I nod back, incapable of sharing her enthusiasm. That coat reminds me of Casper which, in turn, reminds me of the Spectators who tried to eat me alive last night. I just want to forget all about creatures who can't figure out how to die and yet seem to have the art of decomposing down to a science. Nor would I like to entertain any thoughts of scarlet letters or Jen's horrifically overinflated reaction to the misuse of my girl parts.

Carter points hard at the jacket and gives an animated thumbs-up.

Also, a dead girl's wardrobe choices and those that choose to parade them around are not high on the cerebral agenda this morning.

I just want to tangle up in a ball with Wes, write him a poem on the back of a leaf, and have him recite it to me the way he used to while I listen to the baritone of his voice, feel it vibrate through his chest as I lean up against him.

"You're just not taking any of this seriously, are you?" Jen lands her palms down on the table to enunciate the significance. "And what if you marry Wes? How do you think he's going to feel about this?"

"I will marry Wes, and he'll get over it," I'm quick to assure. "And, by the way, he slept with Kresley." Just forming those words on my lips felt like a human rights violation.

She ticks her head back, befuddled.

Slapping her silly may have achieved the same effect and saved me from spewing out the horrible truth.

"Look, this is a great conversation." I toss my napkin back onto the table. "I'm really starting to feel that sisterly bond cementing us together. We should get together later and swap lipstick or sort tampons-whatever the heck you people do. But right now I gotta go." I bolt up and snatch an apple off Fallon's trey on my way out the door.

I'm going to find Wes or Cooper.

But I know for a fact it won't be Casper.

Yet.

23

Love You

A silver dollar eucalyptus baptizes the earth in a shower of pale, sage leaves, silent and stunning as a ticker tape parade.

I meet up with Wes just as he comes around the bend from Henderson Hall, wrapped in a coat of early morning fog. It sprays him down with its fairylike glitter, and he shines for me the way he used to in the fresh summer haze.

"Hey, beautiful." His dimples push in and my insides do a quick revolution. Wes is amazing. It's a miracle that I only have to fight one girl off for his affection.

"Jen says you're with me because I'm easy." I give a playful push while swallowing down a laugh.

"I guess she figured me out," he says it deep and sultry like turning poetry into music.

"Are you disappointed that I slept with Tucker?" I don't mean to ground us into a carnal reality, but I need to hear him tell me it's okay, that he forgives me even if I'm not sure I've forgiven myself.

Wes pulls me in, intoxicating me with the thick scent of his musky cologne. He drops a feather soft kiss on my temple, leans back and smiles with his eyes.

"I could never be disappointed in you, Laken." It comes out sad, like maybe deep inside he is. "Besides, I'm not entirely convinced it happened."

"Nice." I twist into him.

Then it hits me-Wes and I are holding each other right here on campus like a real couple. "I guess technically it may not have happened, right? I'll refrain from monogramming my wardrobe with the first letter of the alphabet anytime soon. Jen's a real piece of work-you know that? I take it she doesn't give your brother much attention." I dip my gaze below his waist. "Thus the detour to Jax racks."

"These are horrible rumors you espouse." His chest rumbles with laughter as we start along the cobbled path. "And knowing my brother-all very true." He presses into me with a silent plea. "I'm not like that," he whispers. "I'm not interested in anyone else, and I promise you don't need to offer up your body to keep me in place."

I click my tongue in amazement at him. "I knew I liked you." I wanted to say love, but I'm afraid that's the magic word with the ability to chase him away.

I draw a quick breath at the sight of our conjoined hands.

"Come here." He pulls me over to a patch of evergreens standing guard over the field like a row of secret agents.

Wesley's cheeks light up like a Christmas tree as he stares past my shoulder. I follow his gaze to Asterion, the menacing bronze marvel that has the capability to both terrify and digest small children in their entirety. Lacey would have nightmares for weeks if she laid eyes on that thing.

"You know I care about you," he whispers. "That I've always had an affection for you."

I can feel it coming. Something monumental is about to weave from his lips, and I hold my breath for the revelation.

"I guess what I'm trying to say-" His lips curl into a half-smile, and he sports that smart-alec look on his face like he suspects I already know. I miss that look. I miss our never-ending banter that would keep us entertained for hours, a schoolgirl's foreplay worth its weight in gold. He sinks down, lands a soft kiss on my lips. "I love you. I swear to you when I said that a few days ago, I meant it with everything in me." His eyes latch onto mine sternly as though he were demanding that I understand the gravity of his declaration. "I have always loved you, Laken."

There it is. If I ever needed conformation, it was just offered up on a heart-shaped platter. That was no accidental proclamation, no profession of familial adoration, or a spastic sentiment to get into my pants. He meant it, still does.

My mouth falls open.

"I don't want you to say it back." He swallows hard. "I don't want you to say it until you're ready. Besides, I don't need to hear it." He tightens his grip on my hands. "I can feel it."

But I do love you, Wes.

I give his hand a squeeze.

You have to know that I've always loved you.

I lean in and indulge in the hot of his mouth. Let him know through a series of powerhouse kisses how much I love him-how much I've always loved him.

Kissing Wes on campus in front of the entire student body, Kresley in particular, feels like I've just declared open season on our love.

Our hearts tremble in rhythm, and our hips move in time. These kisses are worth a thousand bright red targets on my back. Ours is a love that can outwit death, catch a bullet in its teeth if it had to.

It's going to be Wes and me forever.

Cooper is already sitting in Mr. Edinger's class when I arrive. The student body is bustling with conversation, the noise level like that of a beehive. I swoop in and he spins to greet me.

"You're phenomenal." His flaxen hair is combed back wet, looks the exact shade as mine in this bright light. I wonder if I'm really going to find out that Coop is my brother, and my stomach ignites in protest at the thought. "My dad confirmed it."

"Your dad is a very wise man." I pull out my notebook before leaning in. "Spill."

"He's never seen blood like yours before. He says the odds of being pure anything are slim." He dances over me with his pewter eyes. "You're the only pure Count he knows of."

"That means both my parents..."

"Had enough in them to create a work of perfection."

"And my sisters and Fletch? God-we're like the royalty of angels." I find this unnaturally exciting for reasons beyond my comprehension.

"I wouldn't go that far. The Counts are a treacherous band of mobsters."

"Gee, thanks. A second ago I was aristocracy, and now I'm reduced to mafia princess." Either way, there's a slight uptick of glee at the thought.

"Some might prefer the latter." He gives a wry smile.

"So, we need to test Jen and Fletch. If it's true then they'll be pure too."

"Not necessarily. It's works similar to a blood type. Just because you're blood type P, doesn't mean they can't be sporting other letters of the alphabet."

P for pure I get it. I like Cooper's quick wit, his constant stream of humor even in the most harrowing circumstances. I need that. I need him and his ability to believe everything that flies from my lips.

"I guess it's not important since I'm more than positive I'm related to Fletch. The real people we need to evaluate would be my fake parents. At least then I'd have the ammunition to prove my entire existence here is a lie." An idea comes to me. "I'm going to see them this weekend."

"You want a drive by genetic analysis?" He leans in and says the words as if he were trying to lure me back into his bed with them.

"Does it exist?" I clutch at his wrist in excitement.

He gives a simple nod. "You'll need saliva, but that's difficult to keep, a blood sample, or hair. All three if you can get it."

"I don't know how, but I'll do it." A bloody scene with me chasing them around with a hatchet erupts in my mind. "Consider it done."

"I'll need the samples as soon as you can get them. The fresher the better."

"I'll be trapped out there until Sunday."

He considers this. "Call me, and I'll drive out and pick it up."

"You'd do that for me?"

"Yes." Cooper settles in his seat, pierces me with those unknowable eyes. It sends a scalding ray of heat right through my abdomen.

"You okay?" He pulls back the curtain of hair that's fallen over my face and hitches it behind my ear with careful affection.

"I'm fine." I give a quick blink, trying to dismantle the unrequited bite of lust consuming my insides. "I don't know directions, or even where they live."

"I do. Anderson estate is pretty hard to miss. Meet me outside the main gate. There's a patch of holly bushes to the left. I'll be in the clearing behind them."

"The bushes? Maybe you should just drop by and say hi."

He shakes his head and gives a slow blink in the process. "I saw the look on Wesley's face when he found you planted on my bed. Trust me, outside of tutoring you or you seeing my father, he doesn't want me hanging around."

"Then I guess I'll meet you in the bushes." Something tells me Wes would be less than impressed if he found us exchanging niceties while covertly embedded in shrubbery. None of this would even be necessary if he would believe me in the first place.

I can't recall one instance of Wes ever being jealous back home. Then again, Cooper didn't exist, and it's probably a good thing.

"I would hope I existed in every one of your worlds," he says it with mock playfulness, and my cheeks flush with heat upon the realization the bastard just read my mind.

"You touched me." He glances down at my hand over his wrist. "I try not to listen in uninvited"-he pauses, holding back a grin-"rarely."

I pluck my hand back as if he were a piping hot stove. "You said you were Noster. I'm confused. Who reads minds again?" I'm going to need a roadmap to understand these things.

"I did say I was Noster." He exhales deeply. "I am." He looks resigned to the fact.

"You said the 'Celestrons' were the only ones with telepathy. Unless, of course..." the words fumble from my lips. "You've been pumping up your superpowers just like Wes."

"I don't have to infuse myself. My mother was Celestra, and my father's part, too." He looks around before leaning in. "Consider this our dirty little secret," he says it mournful as if his life were on the line. "If you don't mind, I would appreciate it if you didn't share that bit of info with your boyfriend." I note the measured sarcasm he inflicts when he says, boyfriend.

I see Cooper through an entirely new lens. The softness about his person, the low seductive way about him, the incessant flirting that he doesn't bother hiding despite the fact I have Wes filling those boyfriend shoes. He likes me, and more than a friend. I'll have to be careful not to lead him on-God forbid I bury my relationship with Wes because of Coop.

He gives a dry smile before spinning back around and my stomach does a soft roll again.

One thing's for sure. As soon as I get the information I need, I'm going to stay the hell away from Cooper Flanders.

24

Fighting Words

The sun never escaped the harness of the dark, frosted gloom. An oppressive sky won the wrestling match against the anemic fiery orb. It sheltered us from those long forgotten rays, and we never experienced the light of day.

After dinner, the rain starts in-thick and heavy like skillets falling from the sky. I packed some things for the weekend, although Fletch suggested we don't leave until almost midnight because there's a party at Henderson in his honor. Of course, given the fact it's in his questionable honor, Jen agreed to the ludicrous hour of departure. Call me old or a baby, but customarily I like to be in bed by then.

At said party, bodies rush around, strategically colliding into one another every now and again, prompting outright illegal levels of enthusiasm. Each person is coifed and accessorized to perfection. A regal air envelops them. Something exquisite encapsulates the entire lot of Wall Street's spoiled descendents. Most of the high school parties I went to back home severely lacked or never saw this degree of sophistication. At Ephemeral, the hair, the clothes, even the shoes, reek of extravagance. Each student seems christened by the genetic lottery-their facial structures alone mandate they adorn the oversized windows at Abercrombie and Fitch.

Nevertheless, I'm pretty sure the raging hormonal inferno that's taking over has nothing to do with my brother. How this party is in his honor is beyond me. Believe me, none of them are thinking too deeply about Fletch. In fact, I'll go out on a limb and declare this entire event a ruse in the name of vodka and whiskey, and whatever else it is they're shooting off Jax Thompson's perfectly flat stomach.

It's easy to see why Blaine, who I've been informed will also be joining us on our weekend excursion to my imaginary parents estate, would be drawn to someone like Jax. For one, she's palatable. She's not as pretty as Jen, but few people are, and after a while, looks can get as stale as potato chips. Another thing about Jax: she laughs at every damn thing. Sure it's probably an induced reaction from the questionable narcotics racing through her bloodstream, but what's not to like about a bubbly personality?

Jen probably drove Blaine into Jax's thorny arms with all that talk about fornication and adultery while denying him the pleasure of both. She most likely, and quite by accident, got him all worked up under the wrong pretense, and he bumped into Jax on his way out of Austen House one night. Jax is a testament to physical perfection, plus the fact she's got the face that can launch a thousand dicks doesn't exactly help Jen's predicament. Cheats like Blaine and Tucker don't really put a whole lot of credence in commitment anyway, they run into girls like Jax, and the natural course of a penis takes over. He should have ended it with Jen long before making the decision to anatomically explore with someone other than my counterfeit sister. Blaine has Tucker written all over his sorry ass.

"Excuse me," I whisper, backing out of the wall of humanity I've managed to land myself in. I look up to find a barely there seductive smile on the paragon of perfection-Cooper. He's wearing jeans and a sweatshirt with a small hole just below the collar, and an unexpected wave of heat sweeps through me at the sight of him. There's something undeniably attractive about Cooper in general, both inside and out.

"Hi." I take in a quick breath, withholding the urge to throw my arms around him. It's my natural inclination to console myself in Wesley's absence with comfort sex as evidenced by my time spent with Tucker, but I doubt I'll be putting that into practice any time soon. "I wouldn't have pegged you for coming to stuff like this."

"I don't-usually." He pushes his hand in the small of my back and helps usher us through the crowd. A warm tingle spears through me as the warmth of his hand radiates over my spine. We pass a throng of girls as they speed outside. One of them holds a cup under her mouth, periodically gagging over it.

"Close call." Cooper lets his hand linger over my sweater a moment longer than it needs to. "I like all the vomit I wear to be my own."

"I'll try to remember that."

"Traditionally bodily fluids are low on my list of accoutrements." The edge of his lip curves just this side of a crooked grin. "But I might make an exception for you."

"You would make an exception for me?" I open my mouth feigning surprise.

"Yeah, you know," he says, tipping his chin down to his chest, "the occasional blood vial-or something you might like to exchange with me voluntarily." His cheek slides up the side. "Saliva." He swallows hard as though he just realized he said that out loud. "For experimental purposes of course."

"Of course." My toes curl in my shoes at the thought of exchanging saliva with Coop.

If I didn't know better, I'd swear Cooper Flanders was trying to seduce me into an erotic salivary exchange right here in the commons area of Henderson hall. Cooper has the face of a god. I suppose the art of seduction isn't all that necessary to get the girls he wants. In fact, I'm pretty surprised that he doesn't have a girlfriend. For all I know, he keeps twenty on the side like Flynn.

"So you don't mind my bodily fluids. Any other things I should know about you?" I reach into a bowl of nuts and suck the salt off the shell of a pistachio.

"I like vanilla." He leans over me and scoops up a handful himself. His chest touches down against my shoulder, makes me want to press against it in gratitude for the simple act of believing me. "Most people are drawn to chocolate, but I can live without it."

"Sounds like you, my friend, are on a wayward path to nutritional destruction. Chocolate is the key ingredient to a lifetime of delirious happiness. I can easily convert you." I try not to linger on his strange glowing eyes that hold the beauty and depth of stars on a clear summer night.

"I find this chocolate conversion doubtful." The dimple below his eye gives a quick wink. "I do like other things-cherries but not bananas, sushi, not fish sticks."

"So, you like food." My heart thumps unnaturally as he takes me in. Drinks me down as if I were about to disappear. "I hear men are equally obsessed with food as they are-"

"Hey, beautiful." Wes growls in my ear. His soft cologne wraps itself around me like a sheath, reminds me that my heart belongs to him, that he's still in that body, locked in that mind somewhere.

"Have a good weekend." Cooper starts to walk away just as Wes catches him by the back of his shirt.

"Thanks for setting everything up with your dad." Wes ticks his chin up when he says it. "I owe you."

"Glad to help." Coop nods into me and says good night. I watch as he walks out the door and drains his plastic cup over the railing.

"Guess he wasn't staying long," I say, watching the doorway as though he might magically reappear.

"I'm surprised he showed to begin with."

"You never did elaborate on what exactly the clean-up committee is and why Cooper is a card-carrying member." I turn and writhe in Wesley's arms. It feels good like this with Wes. Safe. A thousand crazed Spectators could burst through the windows, and I wouldn't have a thing to worry about.

"His father..." He depresses it out in a sigh. "He runs experiments on them."

"What kind of experiments?"

He shrugs. "No clue."

Kresley saunters over, flanked by Grayson and an offensively dressed Jax. Come to think of it, they all offend me on some level.

"I heard you're going away this weekend, Wes." Kresley grinds the words through the air.

I take her in, the easy way she places her hand over Wesley's chest like she owns him, like she acquired him at an estate sale and has the receipt to prove it.

"Fletch-I'm going with Fletch," he corrects.

"Watch out." She slithers her hand over his chest. "Fletch and white trash seem to go hand in hand these days."

I step in front of Wes, intercepting Kresley's touchy feely tirade.

"He's going with me, but he's too much of a gentlemen to admit it." I lean in toward her and whisper. "He'll probably sneak into my room at night-tuck me in, tell me scary bedtime stories that may or may not involve you getting hacked to pieces before he kisses me goodnight."

A hard slap ignites across my cheek. I pause taking in the burn before lifting my chin. Wes pulls me back abruptly, shouting at Kresley to get the hell out.

Grayson yanks me in by the wrist. Her red-painted lips pop off the backdrop of her pale features. "You're a beast," she whispers it low for my ears only. Her voice resonates deep like that of a man-like maybe she was the beast.

"Step back." Kresley maneuvers between us. "I fight my own battles."

Wes steps in with a look of rage on his face. "Don't you ever f**king touch Laken again. She's not your punching bag, Kres. Get over it."

She shoots Wes a strangulating glare before taking off and dissolving into the rain. Grayson and Jax hesitate before filtering back into the sea of bodies.

"What was that all about?" Carter comes up, laughs out the words as she says them. Her sugary perfume does its best to asphyxiate me, a toxic combination of cotton candy and spring flowers.

Fallon leans on Carter's shoulder and closes her eyes, gurgles something about drinking too much.

I'm ashamed to admit I'm a little jealous of Fallon. I was sort of warming to the idea of it just being Carter and me. Back home I had Amber. We didn't belong to any clique. It was just the two of us, each with our respective boyfriends. But, in all fairness, I really don't know Fallon. All I know is what I can see, blond roots sprouting like snow against her coal black hair-sort of the opposite of Grayson with her blond on black. They'd look like a checkerboard if they ever got into a fight.

"Hello?" Carter waves her hand in front of my face.

"I guess Kresley thought she would serve up her gossip with a side of battery," I say, trying to quell a headache from taking flight.

A jolt of lightning fills the night sky, illuminating the room as bright as the afternoon sun.

"You know what they say, payback's a bitch." Fallon squints into me. I'm not sure if she means for Kresley or me, but I'm willing to give her the benefit of the doubt, at least until she starts to beat the shit out of me. Then I'll simply return the favor.

"That's right." I lean into Wes. "It is."

"No revenge, please," he whispers it warm in my ear.

"Well, you did say please." I wrap my arms around him and take in that ebony hair, those serious eyes.

I can't believe I'm spending the entire weekend with Wesley.

Sometimes happiness is the best revenge.

25

Home Bound

The party is still going strong as Wes and Fletch toss our bags into the back of Jen's car. We leave for the Anderson estate at twelve forty-five in the morning, and as far as I can tell, this all could have been done after the sun came up, not during a midnight downpour. Fletch sits up front with Jen. Rumor has it Blaine will be meeting us in the a.m. I'm guessing he wanted to play a game of Jax before the weekend hit, and my sister put him under another dry spell. I'd like to place him under a permanent dry spell by way of yanking his balls right off his body, and if the mood should strike, I just might.

Wes scoots in. I purposefully sat in the middle, so I could rest my head on his shoulder and lull myself to sleep with the rhythm of his breathing. When Wes and I finally got together as a couple back home, I used to lay my head on his stomach and we'd watch the night sky for shooting stars. His body was as soft as a waterbed. I could listen for hours at the odd sounds and gurgles. Wes was his own universe, and I could hardly wait to discover him. And now there are more layers, more intricacies that I want desperately to unearth. How could he be a Count? How could I?

Wes wraps his arm around me and warms my thigh with his free hand.

"I don't remember anything about the house or my family," I whisper directly in his ear.

"I'll be with you."

There is no way I could have done this without Wes. I'm nothing but a lost child abandoned on a highway. A locked suite at the Flanders's psychiatric resort would have waited for me without him-still might.

"I was thinking..." Jen turns down the radio.

Sounds tragic.

Each time Jen invokes the use of her sparse brain cells, a verbal calamity unfolds. It's like a nuclear facility in full melt down, putting everyone in a thirty-mile radius at risk.

"Tomorrow night we should do our first couples date." She announces, staring off into the watery night as if the twin yellow ribbons that stain the road inspired her.

"Thanks, Jen, but I don't date my sister." Fletch mocks. Something tells me if he woke up from this fantasy and saw her for the underwear model she really is, he'd reconsider his stance on incest.

"Quiet." Jen shoots him a look. "And you're next by the way. I'm determined to find the right girl for you."

"Like Carter?" I lean in to try and read his expression when I say her name. I think they'd be totally cute together. Although Carter, too, is supermodel gorgeous and clearly out of Fletcher's league, I'd love to have him with someone I like-namely not Grayson. Back home he dated Pamela Richards, Cider Plains own self-proclaimed man-eater. She'd pole vault onto the nearest penis on command as if she were truly in training for the fornicating Olympics. She wore her hickeys like a badge of honor and kept tally marks on her gym locker that either were the sum total of guys stupid enough to sleep with her or the number of spit swaps she partook in. It was a sexual resume the senior girls studied like a graph in the same way archeologists might study ancient hieroglyphics. Fletch was just a tally mark. I guess at the end of the day that's all I was to Tucker.

"No, definitely not Carter." Jen shakes her head vehemently as though I had suggested we give him some hybrid STD for Christmas. Then again, Carter might have the potential to deliver. "Someone softer, quieter. You know, a good girl. Besides, she's still with Jackson." Jen twists her lips as if she's envisioning him.

"I guess I don't know any good girls." So there's that. Technically, I don't know anyone.

"I do think we should go on a date tomorrow night." Wes bristles his cheek against mine. "Reacquaint ourselves."

"I'd like that." I press into him and feel the warmth radiating from his body like the soft waves from a furnace.

"I hear you two," Jen chimes. "When Blaine gets in, we could catch a movie. Maybe the late show so Mom and Dad won't feel bad. What do you think?" Jen won't let this go. I have a feeling she'll spend more time watching Wes and me than the screen.

"Movie?" I look up at Wes, and he shakes his head.

"I think I'll take Laken to the lodge," Wes volunteers. "Take her out on the water before it freezes over."

"Think again," Jen says, annoyed by the prospect of having to hold surveillance over an entire body of water to protect me from Wes and his bout of hormonal fever.

Sounds great to me. Less Jen, more Wes. I'd love to enjoy a perfect moment of solitude with my boyfriend by my side. I hear hormonal fever is extremely contagious. In fact, I've got a bad case myself.

I lean my head on his shoulder, watch as the dark hills shine and glitter beneath the beams of a bashful moon. The rain has let up and washed the world anew, beckoning the stars to extend their glory and illuminate the night like a rare sea of jewels.

How the stars don't fall, how the moon quietly rotates without colliding into the planet staggers me. These strange witnesses in the sky are the supreme testament to a higher glory-some esteemed being who saw fit to litter the planet with people, both good and evil, to blight us with disease and prosper us with riches. Everyone can recite their endless lists of "why me," and testify to their personal blessings and atrocities, but at the end of the day, we're a part of it, whatever it may be. And, now, I'm something more than human. Something divine-a God-breathed angel, a minister of light. I have a role, a function-an entirely new reality.

I pick up Wesley's hand in an effort to have a little fun with his newfound superpower. I press my lips against his fingers and envision the two of us rolling around on a field, naked and covered with chocolate. The visual is so enticing it makes me crave both Wes and a chocolate shake.

He shifts uncomfortably for a moment. "I don't know about you," he whispers, "but I'm suddenly thirsty for some chocolate milk."

I don't say anything, simply bite down on one of his fingers and continue my foray into mild, sexual perversion with Wes as my sweetest confection. I imagine running my tongue across his body, imprinting long welts in the chocolate slick, his arms creating tracks over my flesh, my body as his own private canvas. I can see Wes hitching my legs over his shoulders, his hungry mouth-

"Whoa," he says, pulling me up slightly.

"You okay?" I bat my lashes innocently up at him.

His dimple digs in on the right. Clearly I've incapacitated him. Lust blooms across his face like a wildfire as his eyes gloss over with desire. Wes slips me a kiss under Jen's radar. He plunges in with an all-out assault and dips his hand inside my sweater, runs his fingers down the back of my jeans. Jen is already proving impotent to stomp out his rampant hormones. There's not a firefighter on the planet that could douse this fire.

The drive continues for what feels like a blissful eternity. Eventually, we pull up to a small gate, no bigger than the one armed guard they barricade you with in parking lots. Jen keys in a number, and we progress through a windbreak of Fir trees that guide us down a twisted trail. We bump over cobbled roads, seeing nothing but green and black bushes in front of us. Then a clearing opens. A behemoth of a structure lies in the distance. A hotel, a mansion, something alarmingly inconceivable to belonging to any family I might have an acquaintance with, let alone am a part of.

Wide wrought iron gates with the effigy of two fighting lions arched on hind legs draw open, slow and dramatic.

"Oh my God," I mutter, breathing hard as we head toward the colossal building.

An overgrown bronze angel with a fifteen-foot wingspan stands with his feet in a fountain the size of a swimming pool as an unearthly glow emanates from the water.

Jen glides into the mouth of a circular driveway and kills the ignition when we reach the front.

The lights come on as Fletch ejects himself from the car. Wes and I slide out into the damp night air, and I take in the beauty, the amazing chivalry of the museum that is my home.

"You have never lived here," Wes whispers. "Boarding schools and summer camp. This is just home base, nothing more."

"Nice." I don't bother hiding my enthusiasm as I take in all the majesty.

"Let's get this done." Fletch pats Wes on the shoulder as they head back to unload the car.

"Take this." Jen tosses me a silver toy gun.

"God-it's heavy," I say, handling the icy metal. "Feels real."

I look down the barrel-twirl the piece around my finger like a Western before pulling back the trigger. A loud pop goes off, and the gun recoils in my hand.

A groan emits in front of us, and I look up in time to see a man dropping to his knees. A crimson stain blooms furiously across his shoulder.

"Ah f**k, Laken." Fletcher strides past me. "You just killed Jones."

26

Freaky Like This

I didn't kill him.

I'm only half paying attention as Wes and Fletch perform rudimentary surgery on a stone table in the entry because I can't get over the fact this place looks like a mausoleum, or the fact that the all of the blood and moaning makes it feel like some sort of demonic ritual is taking place within its opulent walls.

Jen appears wielding enough gauze to wrap a mummy with. Wes takes over and dresses his wound, careful as a skilled physician.

"See?" The mysterious Uncle Jones nods up at me. "No ambulance needed, I'm good as new." He gives a paternal smile, tilting his head as if he's taking me in for the first time.

I still think normal people would have called an ambulance, even if it wasn't a real bullet as Wes explained. Instead, it was some kind of chemically propelled arrow that was supposed to burst open but aborted the effort-or else, apparently, I really would have assassinated my fake uncle, or temporarily paralyzed him in the least.

"Laken-you look beautiful," he whispers, taking me in like an exotic flower. His footsteps echo as he makes his way over. Jones is tall. He holds a spare tire around his waist, but he's handsome with graying hair and a pleasant smile. And, as much as I hate to admit it, there's something frighteningly familiar about him, about this entire place. It's like a flood of memories, a power surge of vague emotions that were once ignited in this very location, struggle to resurface. I know this house, and I know him.

His arms collapse around me. His chest singes the side of my face. He smells sweet like cologne, the hint of fresh soap clings faint to his skin.

"I've missed you." He pulls my chin up with his finger. "Did you miss me?"

I find this special brand of attention unnerving. He's not fawning over Jen or Fletch. He hasn't even bothered to acknowledge Wes who all but performed a healing miracle in his honor.

"Yes," I lie, but strangely it feels as though I really did. A craving has been satisfied deep in my soul with his simple touch and the attention he gives me. This is real. Our bond feels indestructible. "Are my parents here?" I ask with the soft voice of a child.

"Flight's been delayed." He looks around at the lot of us. "First thing in the morning I'll pick them up. Joy will have brunch for us." He points over to Fletch. "No sleeping in 'til noon. Go ahead and get settled. I'll clean up and come say good night." He takes off down the corridor before disappearing. His footsteps echo long after he's gone.

"Let's go." Wes races me up the staircase on the left. Another set of stairs are situated on the other side of the palatial entry, and they both land on the upper level at opposite ends of an expansive walkway. "Joy is the cook slash housekeeper. Your uncle lives like a bachelor. My mom's working on converting him. She'll be up either tomorrow or Sunday. Casper's disappearance has the faculty working overtime."

Creamy limestone walls-an entire string of inset lighting dots the ceiling upstairs. It provides an over bright environment-a sharp contrast to anything at Ephemeral.

"Why so many rooms? Why so big?" I whisper.

"Your great, great grandfather built it. He dreamed in dollars and heirs."

Ironic because with me he gets neither.

Wes pulls me into a small room that's average in size and quality, which is rather disappointing when you consider the girth of the palace we're entombed in.

A neatly made bed sits tucked against the wall. A lavender comforter lays flat over the mattress with at least twenty decorator pillows adorning the top. It looks like a display bed from a department store, something too scrumptious to ever own or sleep in.

A giant window expands over the back wall, which faces the rear of the property. I go over and peer out at an illuminated pool as narrow as a walkway that stretches down the center of the yard.

"Here's the bathroom." Wes swings open a door near the entry.

"Is this my room?"

"Always and forever." Wes plops on the bed, and it rises and falls with the weight of his body.

Not one creepy thing about these four walls. Nothing to allude to the fact I've been resurrected or lived a past life whatsoever. A photo collage tacked above the dresser startles me. There I am in every one of those pictures. Me huddled with an unfamiliar-looking group of people, mostly girls. One with a guy sticking his tongue in my ear-my eyes averted.

Wes comes over and stands beside me.

"Remember anything?" His sweater brushes up against my back and warms me. It's only Wes who brings back memories. The idea that I once existed in this world prior to Cooper finding me in that forest seems a flight of fantasy.

"I thought so," I start, "downstairs-when I hugged Jones, but I'm not sure. These pictures-" I pluck a group shot off the corkboard and study it-me and four girls, all with formal wear on. We each have a leg kicked out in chorus line formation while making crazy faces at the camera. It looks like fun, all nice girls at winter formal or prom, but I have no recall of the event whatsoever. "Looks like a good time was had by all." At least someone wants me to believe it.

Wes wraps his arms around my waist and sinks his hands over the back of my jeans. This is all I remember, Wes and his touch. I spin around and take in his beautiful face, that strong jaw line, those apple-green eyes. He leans in and brushes his lips against mine, and a faint groan emits from deep within him. Wes pulls back and drinks me down with a glazed-over expression. He gives a long blink as if he were about to dive into a pool of water after a long trek through a parched desert.

We fall into a sea of hot kisses. Kisses like embers that threaten to ignite the room into flames, burn down the legacy my supposed great, great grandfather tried so hard to build. Wes pushes me in by the back of the neck as if he couldn't get deep enough inside of me if he tried. These were passionate, desperate kisses fueled from a hunger only a lengthy absence could supply you with.

The more foreign my life becomes, the more of an anchor Wes turns into. If only I could coil myself around him, secure myself beneath him-I wouldn't float away in this nameless, faceless tide of people.

I slip my hands up his shirt and touch the hard waves of flesh as I crest over his abdomen. I want to lose myself in Wes tonight, all weekend, all year. I never want to open my eyes and face this alien world again.

"Crap." Jen stomps into the room and plucks Wes off me. "Jones is in the hall. He wants to say good night. Wes, I don't even want to look at you." She storms back out like a furtive tornado.

"We'll have to test the lock next time." He shoots a sour look to the door.

"We'll create a barricade that can hold off humans and monsters alike I promise."

Wes looks apprehensive as if barricading himself with me might lead to things he's not ready for.

The truth is I need Wes. I need for him to scrub Tucker Donovan off me in the most intimate way.

He takes in a breath.

I glance down at our conjoined hands and smile

Jones meets us in the hall, hugs both Jen and me simultaneously.

"I have loved you always," he says looking right at me. "You both know that." He kisses Jen first then me on the temple. It felt good to hear him say those words. I longed to hear them from a man who would be my father and something about Jones fits the bill.

He slaps Fletch and Wes on the shoulder and instructs them to get to bed, no video games.

"Jen," he starts, "I trust you to police the floor. No watching horror movies 'til six in the morning. I'll see you kids once I get back from the airport." He gives a knowing wink on his way downstairs.

Aside from the fact we're essentially spending the night in a mausoleum, everything seems normal, not as normal as Cooper's house or Cider Plains, but rather uneventful, not at all what I envisioned.

Back home, my mother drank her nights away with an endless glass of wine, and our house could easily fit into this one at least five hundred times. I bet if Lacey were here, she would dare me to sit on the railing and slide all the way downstairs. She would have dipped her feet in the fountain before anyone could stop her.

"Blaine's coming early," Jen snipes, "and I don't want bags under my eyes." She snatches me by the elbow and speeds me into my bedroom, presumably to snap on the chastity belt in private. "I like Wes," she hisses, "but not for long if he keeps trying to take advantage of you."

"And what if I'm trying to take advantage of him?"

"You're an Anderson." She rolls her eyes as though this were an impossibility, as though we never had the conversation concerning my expired v-card.

"What the hell was that gun you gave me?"

She studies my face with a soap opera worthy measure of drama. "I swear, Laken, it's like you think I'm stupid. Do you really think you can go all look shiny on me and derail me from the conversation? Just keep your damn legs shut." And with that, she stomps out of the room.

"Good night to you, too."

I decide to give it a minute before heading back to hang out with Wes. God forbid Jen catch us sitting together on the couch. Who knows what cardinal rules of celibacy we might be breaking if we choose to hold hands.

A flash outside the window catches my attention. A quiver of light refracts from the pool. I press into the window and catch a pale flame dart across the yard-a girl in a white dress.

What the hell?

I speed out into the hall and follow the sound of howling laughter until I come upon Wes and Fletch in the heat of a foosball game in the family room.

"There's a girl in the yard. She's running," I pant.

Fletch hops over the back of the couch and collapses with a sigh as if I had just said good night.

"I'll check it out," Wes offers. He bears into me as if he's gauging whether or not this is just another symptom of my insanity.

"It's Joy chasing Brighton," Fletch murmurs with a throw pillow over his face.

"Her dog." Wes ticks his head to the side. "I'll check it out, anyway."

He takes up my hand as we make our way downstairs. My heart picks up pace, as a new level of fear spears through me. I want to go home. I don't like feeling afraid, even if I am with Wes.

"It's okay." Wes pulls me into him. "I'm here with you. There's nothing to be afraid of."

"Thank you," I whisper. Wesley offers more solace and comfort with his words-his person, than he can ever know.

The Anderson estate is void of any affection, each unblemished wall a blank canvas that acts as a testament to the sterile environment. Not one family picture lines the expansive hallways. This place feels more like a precinct than a home.

Downstairs, Wes pulls me through a heavily furnished room that sits adjoined to an oversized kitchen.

He holds open a set of double French doors, and we step outside into the foggy night air with an unexpected calm.

It's uncomfortably cold, serene. The blue river that bisects the yard gives the gentle slosh of water. It glosses the night like a beautiful woman adorned with expensive jewels.

A muffled cry comes from the forest that lines the south end of the property, and I see her again. The girl in the dress flickers against the edge of the woods like an ember. She disappears in and out of the fog in regular intervals like a poltergeist.

"You see her?" I'm afraid to move in fear she's only alive in my imagination.

"I see her." Wes pants as he backs me into the house. "She might be a Spectator. Stay here. I'll check it out."

I watch as Wes darts down the stairs and disappears into the paper white night.

"Laken!" A girl's voice cries from the edge of the woods.

I bump into the door in fright and scare the shit out of myself in the process. My hand claps over my chest as I squeak into the dark.

"Laken, help me!"

There she is-alone just shy of the forest's border. The quarter moon graces her from above with its waxy crescent. She glows in the night like an alien being.

I recognize that short pixie hair.

"Casper?"

I bolt outside and down the stairs.

She offers a gentle smile and takes a few melodic steps as if she were about to break out into song.

I speed over the lawn, feel the blast of cool air baptize my face and sear through my lungs as I race toward her. She steps back into the shadows just before I reach her, so I bolt into the thicket.

She's gone.

The soft crunch of leaves gives way behind me, and I see her belle sleeves illuminate through the darkness. I lunge in and catch her by the elbow.

"Casper?" Dear God, it is her. "You're not dead!"

She lowers her head with an eerie grimace. "I'm not dead." Her voice dips to a demonic octave. "And I'm not Casper."

27

Disappear

A horrible face.

A monster with a mouth the size of a lion. Eyes cast black like a reptile, and a narrow forked tongue. She morphs quick as a breath-pouncing on top of me with the weight of a battleship.

A harsh tingle vibrates through my bones. A lewd jolt of electrocution leaves me gasping for air as it seizes me. My entire body jostles. This must be how it feels just before you die. I'm certain of it because I've felt it once before, the day I flew through the windshield and sailed into a black abyss. That was the day I stared into the face of a beautiful being that shone from the inside like molten fire, but this was no heavenly creature, this was hell encapsulated in flesh and bones.

Gone is the forest.

I land hard against a cold white surface, complete with glossy floors and walls to match. A series of doors line the corridor up and down the halls.

"Wes?" I cry out. I don't know why I would expect him to be here, be anywhere for that matter, since I was witness to his death and now perhaps two of my own.

Where the hell am I? It's a building, a bunker. One minute I was out in the woods, and now I'm holed up in this white expanse of a prison.

I stagger down the narrow path, trying to catch my bearings, unable to right myself completely. The walls sway from side to side, and I'm not entirely sure, but I think the fact I just had my head bashed in has something to do with it.

The corridor elongates, a carpeted hall appears, and a blue glow emits from a room just ahead.

"You are a liar," a female voice booms from the other side. Her words string out in an unnatural echo.

I pause, pressing my back against the wall, hoping to reappear in the twisted forest from where I came.

"I'll have you know." A male voice vibrates from inside. "I will pick my teeth clean with the entire band of your people. Your failures have created a mockery of this plane as an entity. You are a disgrace, and that's all you'll ever be." His words end in a clattering growl, then silence.

His voice sounds familiar. I'm certain I've heard that odd drawl before but can't place where or which lifetime.

A finger comes over my lips from behind. Despite all of my fear, a feeling of calm settles over me. A pleasurable ache that transcends any other sensation I've ever experienced trembles through my bones.

If you use your vocal cords in any way, there's a very good chance you'll lose them. A voice enters my mind as audible as speaking.

I turn around to find Cooper in all his cutthroat splendor staring back at me.

Coop! I throw my arms around him and press my face into the warmth of his neck.

My heart pummels against my chest.

What if it's not really Cooper? What if I've lodged myself into some sort of brain infarction where people morph into monsters on a routine basis until I beg to die from the horror of it all?

I shake my head disbelieving and begin to back away.

He takes a firm hold of my hand and reels me in, wraps his warm arms around me and presses out a humble smile.

It's me, Laken-I swear. You were nice to my sister, and you seem to be under the misguided notion you'll get me to love chocolate. His eyes sparkle as though loving chocolate were both an improbability and a means of seducing me.

"Demons know everything," I hiss taking back my wrist.

"You can't hear me unless I touch you," he whispers, interlacing our fingers ever so gently. But it only works for you in this place. A peaceful smile expands on his lips as he pulls us into a darkened alcove. How did you get down here?

Casper appeared in the forest behind the Anderson estate. Only it must have been her unfriendly ghost because she morphed into some freaky beast with the face of a lion, and jumped me. Then-without reason, I landed here.

Trust me, you're here for a very distinct reason. He darts a quick look past my shoulder.

What do you think it is? I'm terrified. This is a psychological trauma that I'll probably never recover from. Instead of worrying about short nail beds and split ends like normal girls, I'm going to agonize over Fems, zombies, and my uncanny inability to die. The next time a slightly deceased corpse tries to suck my brain out, I'll gladly let him in exchange for directions to the afterlife-if indeed there is one. I'm beginning to think all those things they taught us in Sunday school were a ruse to divert us from the fact bad incarnations are all that really wait for us-scary ones at that.

I think maybe I'm the reason you're here. Cooper wears a sober expression as though he were trying to digest the idea himself. He lets his gaze fall to the floor as if examining it for answers.

If Wesley wasn't with me, alive and at Ephemeral, I could easily see myself falling for Coop. This brawny god with velum eyes has the ability to pierce my heart and melt my insides ten thousand different ways. Maybe landing here was just a happy accident.

Ending up in the Transfer is never a happy accident. He punctuates it with the impression of a devilish grin.

I catch a breath. Cooper hears everything. The Transfer, I repeat in an effort to divert the topic. I wonder just what in the hell it is they're transferring.

Cooper leads us farther down the corridor, away from a set of opened double doors with a blue light emanating from inside. The shouting has ceased, and there's not another soul haunting these unhallowed halls. I'd ask who was yelling only I'm a little put off by the fact they're probably not human.

Where we going? I feel like a prisoner in my own illusion. Like I've fallen through death and the rabbit hole beneath that-nothing but an endless carousel of terror speeding up at a demonic pace.

I was going to show you my office. He gives a wry smile.

Are you serious? I can't catch my breath. This is beyond surreal, although, I've come to the conclusion Cooper Flanders will not be morphing into a nightmare anytime soon. He emanates anything but horror with his resolute attitude, centered in perfect calm. Those heavily lidded eyes sway me toward him, soft like a summer breeze.

Deadly serious. He lifts his gaze just beyond my shoulder. I haul road kill down here for fun-although technically it's neither fun nor road kill. I prefer my fun with people of the female persuasion. He gives a naughty look.

Clearly he's open to the option right about now.

Very not funny. I take it this is a "special" kind of road kill. I get the feeling the possums of the world are safe from the confines of this torture chamber.

He furrows his brows. If by "special" you mean Spectators, you're right.

"No, I do not want to see your office," I hiss, pulling back my hand. The thought of laying eyes on those flesh deficient creatures isn't high on my priority list. "Do not take me near any kind of once-upon-a-human, or I swear I will scream myself into a new tomorrow."

"Okay," he whispers, rubbing my back in an effort to calm me. His cheek slides into an easy half-smile as though on some level he's enjoying this.

I promise I was teasing, he says, pressing his lips into the top of my head as though it were a conciliatory act without any sexual pretense, but for one fleeting moment, everything in me begs for it to be anything but conciliatory. I would never endanger you. He dips his head into mine. Plus, the consequences are too high.

Like, you'll get fired? I'm pretty sure docking his employment isn't the only means of disciplinary action they'd consider.

More like feed me to the lions. He glances past my shoulder.

Shit! No lion feeding. I can almost see the frenzy with those deformed humanoid faces.

"Just, please tell me," I plead, "how do I get the hell out of here?" Clearly I'm clinically insane.

I burrow my face into Cooper's chest. The waterworks start, and my mascara leaves behind an imprint of two necrotic butterflies.

You said you were in the forest-which one? He winces as though he were feeling my pain.

"The woods, outside the house. I followed Wes-I saw-"

He presses his finger to my lips again, traces them soft as a feather almost as an afterthought.

Think about the woods. Think about the house, he instructs.

I give a feverish nod.

Cooper pins me with a smoldering look. A hot bite sears through my insides. It makes me feel dizzy, confused.

If I really love Wes, why does Cooper have such an intoxicating effect on me?

He leans in and brushes his lips over mine then backs up as though he lit the fuse to a very short stick of dy***ite.

"You kissed me." I cover my mouth with my fingers. Perhaps the biggest horror of the evening is that I wanted him to-that I lit up like a dehydrated hillside that met with an ember as soon as his lips touched mine.

My heartbeat exaggerates its rhythm, gyrates in my chest with a volatile distemper.

Cooper and all of his mystery-he blessed me with his lips, and now I need a little bit more. This is just a dream and strange things happen in dreams that are generally out of your control.

He pushes in and kisses me again, slow at first then with a burst of trembling passion. His soft lips, his skin pressed against mine-there's something achingly pure about kissing Cooper. An underlying sadness emanates from the two of us, lets me know this is more than just some fantasy. An alarm rails inside me and assures me this can never be.

An icy bite of wind rakes across my body, alive like a fire.

A roll of nausea rips through me as I open my eyes to the eerie silence of the forest-the black navy sky judging me from above.

"I'm back," I whisper, running my hands up and down my body to make sure I'm still in one piece. It was a dream. It must have been.

My head explodes with pain as I crawl on my knees to escape the dense woods.

"Laken!" Wesley's voice echoes in the distance.

I stumble to my feet and race out of the forest. I let the pale glow of the swimming pool guide me out of the dark and spot Wes floating in a fogbank as if he could fly.

"Wes." I groan, staggering to meet him.

I'm pretty sure I'm not going to tell him I saw Cooper on corpse duty, that I extended the invitation to my mouth and let him have free reign while I violated his. I'm not sure he would believe me anyway. Hell, I'm not sure I believe me.

Just as I'm about leap into his arms, he pulls out the bastardized Ruger and aims the barrel up high in my face.

It goes off with a blast.

28

If You Don't Know Me by Now

A scream rattles out of me in the cool damp night as I toss my hands over my head like a common street criminal.

Wes corrals me in a hard embrace, kisses the side of my cheek with an uncalled for level of passion. The eucalyptus trees release their oils into the night and fragrance the moment with a perfume as thick as frankincense.

"What the f**k keeps happening?" Wes strides past me in a fit of rage.

The beast in a white dress is sprawled out on the ground. Whatever the hell Wes shot, lies motionless with a dart through one eye. Its grey shriveling flesh sizzles and smokes until it finally begins to evaporate.

"Fucking Fems," he says, more annoyed than worried.

"I'm attracting them." It comes out a hoarse whisper. Obviously, I'm lying in a coma safely tucked away in some nursing home in Kansas because this reality is way too screwed up to exist anywhere but in a very injured mind.

This is my punishment for sleeping with Tucker, offering my body to the first passerby who shed a sideways glance in my direction. As penance, I'll have to live in this twisted world with dead Fletch and dead Wes, until I finally reach eternity and live with the real versions.

Exhaustion streams from Wesley as he shepherds us back to the house.

"So that's what the gun is for," I say.

"That's the what the gun is for."

"At the library, you said Fems sided with Counts."

"They do." There's a note of wild disbelief in his tone. "I don't get it."

"Maybe these aren't Fems. Maybe they're the other guys. You know, the ones that side with Celestra," I say as Wes slides three brass bolts over the door behind us.

"No." He gives an aggressive jiggle to the doorknob, testing its resistance. "Not their style. Besides, piss off a Fem, and you've got a tiger by the tail-for life. Piss off a Sector, very little happens."

"Who do you think pissed off a Fem?"

Wes lowers his chin, gazes into me with all his dark splendor. "By the looks of things-I'd say you."

In the early hours of dawn, a thin grey film stretches across the sky. It melts over the fields, erases the morning with its ever-present haze. I lie back down on the bed and burrow into Wesley's arms. There was no way in hell I was going to sleep in this room alone after what happened.

A mean shiver rails through me as Cooper and his kiss burn through my memory. It reintroduces itself to my lips as if it were happening in real time.

I spike up and shake the thought away. It was a dream. All of it must have been a dream. Things like that just don't happen. You don't get accosted by monsters that happen to be impersonating a human and then end up in an underground tunnel with the son of your psychiatrist.

"Morning, sunshine." Wes groans, pulling the pillow over his head. He's still wearing his clothes from the night before. His sweater is rumpled and creased, and I can't help but curl my lips knowing I helped put those wrinkles there.

He peers at me from behind the pillow, then pulls it away revealing a devilish grin blooming as he drips his gaze at me, heavy with a patina of lust.

"I'd better get out of here before Jen rips my balls off."

"I'm guessing Jen is allergic to the aforementioned body parts." True story.

"Touche." He climbs over and straddles his legs on either side of me, pausing to view me from his new height advantage.

There he is, Wesley Parker in a compromising position over my person. The air evacuates from my lungs, and I'm lightheaded just seeing him from this perspective.

His cheeks fill with color as he completes the dismount. "What's going through your mind?" He runs his fingers over my hair, soft as a waterfall.

"I don't want to talk about last night. I'll go crazy if you tell me any of that was real."

He gives a tired nod. "I'll shower and be right back. Will you be okay?"

"I'll be fine." I think. There don't seem to be too many definitive ideals I can cling to anymore like being safe in the confines of my supposed bedroom.

Wes brandishes the gun that spits out explosive arrows before replacing it on the nightstand.

"Thank you." I give a circular nod as he leaves the room.

I draw my knees up and ponder the fact my new world requires weaponry to battle, of all things, angels and the undead.

A thought comes to me.

If this is my room, it should be filled with my things. My stuff should be here somewhere. The landscape of this room should be covered with an indelible footprint of fabric and shoes.

In my old room, I left my clothes on the ground-all of them. I'm not opposed to a clean room, it's just that there was a defunct dresser in my closet, and my clothes were easier to access when I could see them splayed out all over the floor like some textile explosion. I sort of miss walking through the soft fabric puddle. The scent of the perfumed detergent that I used, buffered my senses from the smell of wine that flowed so freely from my mother's room.

I inspect the rows of neat clothes in the closet, run my fingers over the unfamiliar sweaters and jeans, and marvel at how nothing has ever been washed, how the scent of new clothes lingers thick in the air, giving away their secret. Whoever is in charge of misdirecting my memory is getting sloppy, letting details like unworn clothing fly under the radar. Fragile missteps like this could be the death of their counterfeit human resurrection ring. Maybe Casper wasn't fortunate enough to expose them for the scam they're running. Maybe Wes and Fletch were easily brainwashed, but for whatever reason, I'm proving impervious to their sleight of hand.

I head over to a cherry-stained dresser with a heavy-lacquered topcoat. I run my fingers across the smooth gloss before rummaging through the drawers-nothing but neatly folded clothes, socks laid out in rows separated by color, underwear layered in flat piles the way you see it displayed in lingerie stores.

They don't know me. They wanted a meticulous type-A personality like Jen, who keeps both her closet and her hormones in check, but that's far from what they got.

The old me would've have hidden things in discrete places. A storage compartment like this was ripe for the trinkets I wanted to keep safe from Lacey's roving eyes, moreover my mother who would pawn whatever she could get her hands on for the next bottle of malt.

I've also been known to utilize more obvious locales like the top shelf in the closet or under the bed. That's where I hid most of the things that Wes gave me-the private things I treasured. His drawings, his notes-the leaves we exchanged like currency were all present and accounted for back home.

I get on my knees and look under the bed for any half-convincing clue that this, in fact, could have been my bedroom.

A circular hatbox, cream with a turquoise border lies centered beneath the frame. I stretch my arm in and excavate it. A film of dust thick as a quarter lines the surface. I smooth my hand over it, watch as it rises in air-born clumps, months in the making.

They could have covered it with lint from the dryer. You see stuff like that all the time for sale around Halloween, aerosol cans filled with spider webs, cans of dust. Just because the gossamer exists in this world, doesn't mean I have to buy into its history. Here, there are smoke and mirrors at every turn, a demonic funhouse with both horrors and delights. Why do I get the feeling I'm about to find some old diary that supposedly belongs to me, logging an imaginary timeline that reveals how much I pined for a boy named Miles Richards.

The lid of the hatbox comes off willingly, and I peer inside.

I take in a quick breath and slap my hand over my mouth to hold back a scream.

29

The Procreators

A picture stares back at me-a black and white photograph of the elongated corridor from my nightmare-Cooper and me pressed against the wall, our lips sealed in an opened mouth kiss.

Oh my, God.

My mind swirls. It draws a blank as to who may have been there, prepped and waiting like the paparazzi. My heart races at the thought of Wes seeing this-how quickly he would shove me back in the forest and run back to Kresley. I could lose him forever over the one stupid moment I chose to abandon my senses. Even if I did think it was a dream, it doesn't make it right.

And how the hell did this get under the bed? More importantly what if the loon who put it there is interested in distributorship? There could be copies wallpapering this entire mausoleum for all I know.

I rush to the bathroom and shred the picture into indistinguishable pieces over the toilet. It takes fourteen tries to flush down the evidence of my indiscretion. I watch the water swirl as little bits keep floating back to the surface, mocking me with their fortitude.

The box was empty save for the picture, and right about now, I would have preferred a diary that exuded how much I loved a dozen different boys, or an exhaustive on my homicidal tendencies toward Jen, perhaps a confession as to what happened at Rycroft that caused the senior officials to give me the boot.

My heart sinks like a stone. For sure I'm not sharing that demonic find with Wes, but I don't like keeping secrets from him either. We've made our way back to one another, and yet the barrier widens between us with each passing day.

Most of all, I hate myself for wanting that kiss from Cooper, for accepting it and aching for another. If I could do it all over again, I'd run just as fast from him as I would any of the creatures that stalk this nightmare.

I walk over to the window and gaze out at the blank slate of morning. This is my macabre reality, a place where monstrosities in nightgowns lure me into the forest. A place where the dead live again, and the living are but a dream. A place where Wes holds my heart and yet his grip is loosened by another-where my heart perforates from the pressure of suddenly wanting both.

Wes and I float downstairs just as the front door swings open. Jones stains the doorway like a shadow with two less prominent figures slacking from behind.

"We're home!" Jones roars, prompting the scuttle of heels from down the hall.

A brunette with a layered shag drops her carry-on and falls into a hug with Jen. She sniffs hard into her neck, her pale features squinting for effect as if she might engage in a good long cry. It looks eerily staged. Something heavily dramatic hangs in the air like a foul-scented lie.

A young man that shares the same dark hair as Wes jogs down the stairs. He greets the woman with the shag who has magically composed herself.

"How was the trip?" He holds a cheesy smile a few seconds longer than necessary. I assume him to be Blaine, the lover of all things female. He's not nearly as handsome as Wes, too gangly. His face is squared off and gaunt-a disturbing combination.

A tired-looking man with bloated features ambles in, struggling with two overstuffed suitcases that he kicks into the foyer with finality. He wears pillow-like bags beneath each eye. A black felt hat with a rounded brim sits just above his temples, and I try to size him up to see where he fits in the grand scheme of things. He tosses a magazine on the table that we used as a gurney last night and gives a brief hello. Jen goes over and offers a groaning hug, rocking him steadily a good long time. If there were music, you would think they were slow dancing.

"Daddy." She moans as if she were just rescued from a burning building.

This must be our mock father. We almost need one to go along with our mock mother, which I presume is the mop-headed brunette.

Fletch goes over and dots a kiss on our imposter mother's cheek then offers a congratulatory slap on our new father's arm as if he's done it a thousand times before.

All eyes drift to me. I'm not sure what's expected. A spastic hug? A sock in the shoulder-a knee to the balls? Really I'm at a loss.

I shoot Wes a quick look.

"Laken." The woman swoops over. She narrows her bright green eyes on me and languishes over my features as though this were our very first meeting. She inventories my clothes, inspects my hair, and caresses my cheek until she's memorized me. "It's safe to say you've changed the most." Her voice pitches unnaturally. "Your hair looks like you've been scouring the floors with it, and-" She dots her finger over my face. "Someone's breaking out," she sings. "I warned you about cheap chocolate."

I am not breaking out. And my hair? Really?

"Hardly recognize her myself." The man who will be playing the role of father comes over and plants a kiss on my forehead before busying himself with a stack of mail. It felt foreign, strangely intrusive, not at all how it felt last night with Jones. With him I actually felt something-a familial connection of sorts.

I push out a short-lived smile. I'm not sure what they expect from me or what I'll be able to give.

"You look like strangers yourselves," I counter, trying not to sound too genuine in the delivery.

"Already with the attitude." The father doesn't look up from the bills when he says it. His pasty skin bleaches out against the bone-colored walls. It makes him look like a corpse on the move-par for the course when you think about it.

"Do I have an attitude?" I ask Wes, a little too loud.

"Rycroft seemed to think so." My new father picks up a suitcase, one in each hand, and heads for the stairs. "And judging by the fact you've successfully chased off your roommate, you're not too far off at Ephemeral, either." He gives a sharp look. "Keep it up. I hear there's a good military academy in Virginia."

Crap. I'm going to land myself in military school if I'm not careful.

"Laken never changes," Fletch quips.

"One thing about Laken changed." Jen wraps her arms around Blaine's waist as she pours out a dreamy look. "She and Wes are dating."

You could hear a pin drop. Jones and my mother exchange brief looks before manufacturing smiles.

"Wes, is this true?" Jones's baritone voice sends an unnatural vibration down the hall. It quivers through my bones like a memory.

"I thought she'd never notice me." Wes slides his cheek up in a naughty half-smile as if to entice me further. Little does he know I'm already sold on Wesley Parker-not sure about the Paxton version who finds it impossible to believe a thing I say.

"I'm just glad I found him." I wrap an arm around his shoulder, trying to ignore the ache in my chest for Mom and Lacey. Mom may not have been perfect, but the thought of me accepting this latest-not-so-greatest version makes me feel like a sellout.

"Wes and Laken. Who would have ever thought?" My new mother turns to Jones and arches her brow. "Well," she says, returning her attention to me, "I couldn't think of a better person to spend your time with." She squints heavily into the two of us, highlighting the fact she's feeling some emotion, not necessarily the one she professes. She taps Wes on the back. "You on the other hand can do better." She cackles, leaving her sharpened canines fully exposed.

Dear God, not only did I manage to wind up with a critical mother, but there's hard evidence that suggests she might be a vampire.

"Dad" trots back downstairs. "Why all the long faces?"

"Wes and Laken are getting it on." Fletch pulls his lips in a line.

"Getting what on?" The thick skin on his forehead creases. "Oh?" He expels a tired breath. "No." He says it dull as though he understands his opinion is inconsequential. "One Paxton invasion in the family is enough. I demand a recount. Laken is just in her experimental phase. The head dean at Rycroft can testify to that." He gives Wes a quick wave of dismissal before descending the rest of the stairs. "Please, God, let it be a phase."

Everyone follows Dad into the living room, and I hold Wes back a moment. "They're not my biggest fans."

"They're not fans of life in general." Wes brushes my hair out of my eyes and presses into me with genuine concern. "So, you've got cranky parents. Jones adores you." He steals a quick kiss. "So do I."

My stomach melts. I thank God Wesley is here and that he's adoring me. Now, if he'd just believe the things I said about Kansas.

"Are you okay?" His brows dip into a V.

"I'm okay," I lie. Nothing can ever be okay about the recasting of my family.

We trail into the living room and settle on a small tufted ottoman. The overgrown room is lined with heavily lacquered wood, accented with dark emerald sofas.

A painting of a boy and a hound dog hangs proud over the ornate fireplace.

"We hit a bazaar in a local village and picked you each up a little something." NuMom pulls a scarf out of the bag for Fletcher-navy, with bright orange poppies dotting the fabric. She can't be serious.

Then the unthinkable happens, and Fletch actually wraps the thing around his neck accompanied by a bona fide girl twirl.

So freaking strange. Old Fletch would have crumpled it in a ball and tossed it right into the fire, then jumped in after it if anyone even remotely believed he might wear it. He would have reamed my mother a thousand times over if she went to a distant land and all she brought him was a feminine wrap.

NuMom produces a small statue of an elephant for Jen. "It's carved from soapstone," she says before dipping back down into her bag of Ugandan goodies. "And this, my dear, is made from lapis." She produces an exquisite blue bracelet and hands it to her as well. "Isn't it amazing?"

"Love them," Jen proclaims, holding the bracelet up to the light. It's such a brilliant hue, I can easily lose myself in it if I wanted.

"Laken." My new brunette mother announces my name abruptly as though I had just expelled a foul odor. She pulls out a small wooden knife with a sharpened blade and points in my direction. "Letter opener." She pauses with a stern look as if to say it's really not. "Your father and I would appreciate it if you took time out of your hiking schedule and wrote back once in a while."

Hiking?

Fletch barks out a laugh. "There are Billy Goats that wish they could ascend and descend with that agility."

The entire room breaks out in a choir of groans as if Fletcher's barb actually insinuated something.

She reaches over and lands the blade of the letter opener on the delicate skin of my wrist. Her lips twitch as she pulls back on the knife, leaving a line of pink flesh rising in its wake.

I gawk at her in disbelief.

She almost slit my freaking wrist.

"Oh, don't be such a baby. It was an accident." She rolls her eyes, dropping the blade to my feet. "It means nothing. Isn't that what you said when they shipped you home with all of your belongings? Everything is a big joke."

I'll have to ask Wes to fill me in on what I did to get myself kicked out of Rycroft and why I'm suddenly wishing I were back there, far from this brute group of people who claim to be my anything. And what the hell kind of bond do I have with this woman who just handed me a knife in an effort to improve our relationship? Suicidal-homicidal?

"Let's cut to the bottom line." Dad clears his throat. His shock of dark hair shines from the canned lighting above. As much as I hate to admit it, there's something remote about his features that sort of reminds me of Fletch. "As you all know, we're eligible for a sabbatical for the next six months, and we've decided..." He lets his words hang for effect. "We're not going to take it."

"We're headed to Honduras!" Mom shouts with the enthusiasm usually reserved for lottery winners. Her teeth glint in the light, and I can't help but notice the familiar frame of her jaw, her eyebrows, twins to mine. Her effigy lodges in my stomach welcome as a machete.

"So tell me, Lakey..." She bites down a smile. "How did you manage to chase away the new roommate so soon?" Her eyes sparkle with the barb. I have to admit, this new version of my mother is as beautiful as she is abrasive. The original one from Cider Plains is beautiful, too, but in a far more dangerous way. Everything was dangerous about my mother right down to her constant run-ins with the Department of Social Services. It was a miracle she managed to keep her children under one roof. For as much as she wanted her liquor, she wanted us kids. After Fletch died, both her alcohol consumption and her stranglehold on me and my sisters proliferated-thus original Jen's sudden exodus to Spain.

"Internet romance." Jen leans in like it's the best piece of gossip. "Looks like I'll be Laken's roommate for a while. Not that I mind. I love Austen House."

"So it was an internet romance." Mom dips into Jen with her faux concern for Casper.

"Hardly took a thing with her." Jen shrugs. "They traced her credit card all the way to Amarillo."

Mom's eyes widen then retract. "At least she's logging airline miles." It comes out genuine as if Casper was doing something right. "She'll be back. Those things never work out."

"Let's hope this guy doesn't turn out to be a pedophile or a killer." Blaine lets out a demented laugh, and the room falls tragically silent.

His morbid attempt to add levity to the situation crashes and burns magnificently. Come to think of it, Blaine looks every bit a pedophile, every bit a killer.

"Your mother and I met through friends." Dad nods as if the Internet somehow qualifies as a trusted acquaintance. "And look at us now." He says it with an uncomfortable level of sarcasm, like maybe things aren't so hot between him and his longtime bride.

"That, my dear, was a blind date," Mom corrects. Her tone suggests a lecture might follow suit. "Falling in love with someone emotionally, under what are likely false pretenses, is incredibly dangerous." She casts a disapproving look in my direction as though I were somehow guilty of this malfeasance. "When it comes to love, stay away from the Internet." She looks over at Wes and Blaine seated in their uptight positions like good little schoolboys. "But I see the Paxton's have my girls covered. I take it we're all behaving ourselves? We have strict rules about dating in this house." She glances at me. "No kisses that you wouldn't give your grandmother, no heavy petting."

Heavy petting?

I'm amused by this. The only petting I participate in is reserved for domesticated animals, and the odd occasion when I play with my ponytail. Nevertheless, a pinch of embarrassment filters through me because, God Almighty, would I like to pet Wes. In the worst way-would I like to pet him.

"I would never pet." I give a sly smile over to the womb impersonator. I'm open to having a little fun with the powers that be, and I have a feeling the nuclear family is a great place to begin my assault. "There are so many other things I would do, but petting isn't one of them."

"Laken!" Her eyes spring wide.

Jen spears me with a look that assures I should have never shared the status of my vagina with her. This is a family that doesn't even believe in kisses, and I've already doled them out to two different boys-four if you count Flynn and Tucker. It's easy to deduce who's the black sheep.

"Knew we should have opted for the chastity belt." This contrived version of my father shakes his head.

Something in that moment solidifies my feelings for him. I like him. His light and airy sense of humor-the way he doesn't try too hard. However, I'm not warming to this puritan version of my mother. My real mom once offered me the bizarre opportunity to bring Tucker home so we could fool around in the "safe confines of my bedroom." She said she preferred it to the back alleys and dirt lots she assumed we were rutting in. Her idea of safe sex weirded me out more than a little, so I refused the offer. In hindsight, I wish she had a little more of a traditional reaction when she found out I was having relations with the same boy who thought it was a good idea to hack off my braids in third grade. In fact, I sort of wish she freaked the hell out and beat me senseless for ever opening up to him like a flower. I gave him everything I was saving for Wes in exchange for a couple of drunken minutes in the backseat of a Camaro.

"You look confused, Laken." The woman, who believes she spawned me, slices the air with her hostile tone. There's an aggressive energy filtering between us and I don't know why. "Do you have any questions you'd like to ask about the trip?"

"What makes you want to serve?" It fumbles from me unrehearsed. "You know, the poor?"

"Poverty is the lot of many. I find it stimulating-titillating." She turns her head into the admission as if she were relaying a secret she wasn't very proud of.

"Titillating? That's horrible," I say. Who says that? Who thinks that?

Wes looks up at me as if he were sorry he didn't muzzle me, and now, I've subjected everyone in the room to the foul stench from my mouth.

"You should try it sometime." A forced smile springs to her tangerine lips. "It's life reduced to the lowest common denominator-sometimes all they have is love and the air in their lungs."

Love and the air in their lungs. Honest to God, that's all I had with Wes once upon a time, and I wish with everything in me that we could go back to our normal, yet titillating impoverished lives.

Dad arouses our attention by way of an exaggerated yawn. "We're all together and alive-under one roof again." He leans back in his chair, comfortable with the idea. "It's nothing short of a miracle."

"Yes," I say, reaching over and picking up Wesley's hand. "Together and alive. It's nothing short of a miracle."

Cooper and his explosive kiss blinks through my mind.

Wes snaps his neck in my direction-spears me with a look.

30

Mr. Jones and Me

Once everyone disperses, Wesley takes me down to my uncle's office to have a quick chat with him.

It's lined with the same dark paneling, same rustic furniture that puts me to sleep, boring as an overeducated professor straining out a lecture-too soft to hear over the snores of the other students.

I didn't think people like the Andersons existed. You heard about them on the news once in a while. They were privy to exotic occurrences like home invasion robberies where they had their throats slit in exchange for jewels. They had fathers that went to prison because they instigated Ponzi schemes, embezzled millions from corporations, or were found guilty of insider trading.

The only other place where the extremely wealthy resided was in the fictitious world of soaps that my mother watched religiously. They were the ones with home libraries, velvet furniture, rooms painted hunter green with oil paintings hung over the fireplace. But here, in this new reality it was all true, every last word, and then some.

"Laken," Wes blinks when he says my name, "you know I would never hurt you." A red flag-a flare, an entire series of blazing sirens go off in my head. No good conversation starts off that way, so, expectantly, I'm leery of his next sentence. "Last night, Jones came up and asked about the commotion." Wes nods as if I should know where this is headed. "So I told him."

"Oh." I'm not exactly sure what Wes told him since he only knows half the story, and I'm not feeling too altruistic about spilling the lip lock with Cooper. It's bad enough he saw the visual manifest in my mind earlier.

"And," he says, making wild eyes at the carpet before looking back up at me, "I sort of filled him in about your ongoing inability to remember."

Wow. Payback for kissing Cooper is a real bitch. He doesn't really know that Cooper kissed me, does he? As far as Wes is concerned, he just pried into one of my warped fantasies, not some play-by-play of what actually happened.

"Thanks a lot, Wes. I'll be in lockdown at the Flanders house of horrors before dinner. People with money always lock up their crazy relatives," I hiss. "They're not like the rest of society who give them free roam of the general population-the option of group therapy on the odd f**king occasion."

Wesley's face bleaches out at my viral expletive before his lips curve as if he suddenly found my state of panic adorable.

Jones strides in. His cologne enters the vicinity long before he swoops over to the other side of the desk. Suddenly it feels like an official visit to the counselor's office, the Oval office, anything but a quick word with a relative about chasing prospective she-devils in the backyard.

"Laken." His voice resonates softly. It endears me to him without even trying. "I hear you're seeing Dr. Flanders." He gives a heartfelt look as if this were the worst news possible, and it very well might be. He has a soft way about him and he draws me in with his genuine concern. Something in me craves his attention, and I showboat with a tiny smile-let him know it's welcome.

"Dr. Flanders is great," I whisper. I leave out the part about him drawing my blood-that, perhaps, he might even believe the psychotic drivel that flies from my mouth.

"I trust you'll be receiving the best of care." His cheek crimps to the side. "I'm beginning to regret letting you out of my sight so soon after your accident. But if anyone can get to the bottom of your memory loss, it's Mark. He's the top-ranked psychiatrist in all of Connecticut."

First named basis? Top ranked? I smell an incarceration coming a mile away.

"Look..." My heart races at the thought of meds being involuntarily shoved down my throat. "I'm really not sure about this."

"Nobody is taking you in." Jones holds up his hands trying to alleviate my agitation. "I promise, you can relax. I want you to feel safe with me. With all of us." His shoulders sag as if he means it, but too much. "Wesley says he's been helping you with whatever you need." He gives a sober look to Wes. "And for that, Wesley, I can't thank you enough, but, Laken, I want you to know you can come to me for anything."

"Did you tell him about the Spectators? The Fems?" I c**k my head at Wes accusingly. If he was going to throw me under the bus, I want him to know I'm more than capable of returning the favor.

"Pardon me?" Jones's voice spikes, filling the entire room with the burden of this revelation.

Wes looks up at him from under the dark ridge of his brows. "I didn't want to worry you." He shoots me a look, letting me know I've gone someplace I shouldn't have. "I've got it under control."

"What do you have under control?" I ask. I'm shocked by his reaction. "I almost ate it twice, no thanks to those rotting corpses, and I'm pretty sure the mutant Fems wanted to eat me."

"Laken." Jones bullets my name out with resolute anger. "I want you to stay the hell away from the woods. Do you hear me?" He takes a measured breath. You can tell he wants to reach over and shake me-shake Wes, to drive home his point, but, instead, he kneads his open palms into the veneer of his glossy desk. "Keep clear of any remote areas, especially when alone-keep Wesley with you at all times." He shoots a cold look to Wes as though he were purposely putting him in harm's way as punishment.

I'm not opposed to having Wes around, but I have a feeling there's more to the story. Something tells me that both Jones and Wes are less apt to fill in the blanks than Coop. My heart sinks like a lead brick at the thought of Wes being a party to this insanity. I'm sure this new version of Wesley is convinced he's protecting me. Or at least I'd like to believe it.

"Why should I keep Wes with me at all times?" I don't bother hiding my newfound intrigue. "Is he zombie repellant?" It was either anger or sarcasm, and I went for both.

"On occasion." Jones pulls his lips into a line, leans back into the chair and glares into him. "On occasion Wes is just that."

Something tells me he's not.

After an awkward day of familial bonding or lack thereof, Jen insists we embark on the next torture session on her list, otherwise known as our double date.

Blaine drives us out in his gleaming black SUV that's still clinging for dear life to the new car scent. I bet, once the expensive aroma of decomposing leather fully dissipates, he'll simply roll into the dealership and pick up new model. Back home Wes drove an old beat-up Ford pickup with the fender cockeyed from a formal introduction with a telephone pole.

My thoughts drift back to the family-the new father in his argyle sweater over a dress shirt and tie, the gold, glittering broach on my new mother's scarf. I'm not sure what great mind thought it was a brilliant idea to make me wealthy beyond imagination and not give me Mom or my sisters. I shake my head at the fatal oversight. Then again, if the prerequisite is to die a horrible death, I'd rather they never come, at least, not for a good long while.

"Laken's pledging this week." Wes glances at me with a glimmer of pride.

"Already?" Jen smirks as if I were markedly late to the demonic party.

"On Tuesday?" Blaine ticks his head toward the driver's window as though it were a twitch.

"Tuesday's New Moon," Jen says. "So, it's obviously Tuesday."

"God help us all, adding another Anderson to the roster. Wouldn't miss it for the world." Blaine glances in the rear view mirror and narrows his eyes in on mine. There's something there, something nefarious, dark, something a little more sinister than a girl named Jax.

"I'm looking forward to it," I say. "I'm glad you'll be there." More like, thank God Wes will be there. He'd better be there. I'm adopting a new motto, no Wes, no go.

"I'll be there." Wes brings my hand to his lips and seals a kiss over my knuckles.

Blaine glances back and leers into Wes as he holds me. I really don't care if Jen doesn't allow him to kiss her hand because I plan on being on Jen's side when the dissolution hits the fan.

"You missed the turnoff." Jen groans for added effect.

"Wes wanted to go to the Lodge."

"I don't want to go to the Lodge." Jen rolls out the words with a whine. "There's nothing to do at the Lodge. They're closed. And by the way, it's freezing out there."

"We'll just have to get creative and find a way to keep warm." He flirts. "And yes, they're closed. That's the point."

Jen settles her arms tight cross her chest. She looks back and slits my throat with her pissed-off expression. Something tells me it's going to be a very long night for the oversexed fox and the dove of holy virtue.

And if the Spectators and Fems have their way, it'll be a very long night for Wes and me, too.

31

Love on the Lake

We ditch Blaine and Jen while they argue themselves into an impasse on whether to go left and break into the pool hall or go right for a hike. I can't really picture Jen breaking and entering any more than I can picture her trotting off into the wilderness for a midnight expedition. I bet we find them embroiled in the same heated argument when we get back.

"Why is he still with her?" I ask, amazed at her ability to browbeat him at every turn. "I've seen girls back home dumped for far less offenses."

Wes takes a moment before relaxing into me. "He's irrevocably committed."

"And she returns the favor by being irrevocably impossible," I say, listening to the sound of oak leaves crushing beneath my feet. This sound, the crisp sound of nature bending to our will, is the music that once comprised the symphony of our love back home.

Wes pulls me in by the waist and gazes into me as though he were seeing my thoughts play out like a movie by simply looking at me.

"Laken, I hope this doesn't offend you." He whispers it out in a puff of velum. "But I really think you should get out of the habit of saying the words, 'back home.'"

My mouth opens involuntarily. A twinge of grief spirals through me when he says it. It's as though he jammed a stopper down my throat, and now Mom and Lacey, and the real Jen are trapped, pushing up against his invisible cork with a steady stream of pressure.

"Okay," I whisper, but I'm not making any promises.

"I'm sorry. I'm afraid for you." The reserve of moonlight filters through the pines and glazes his hair a wash of powder blue. "I don't want you to stop talking about it." He glances down. "And I don't want you to stop talking about the family you believe you've left behind. I just think it might be healthier to come at it from a different angle. How about something along the lines of, 'when I had that dream?'"

"Sure," I whisper in defeat. I suppress all thoughts of Cooper and his hyper willingness to accept my beliefs. Trying to keep Cooper down is far more difficult than submerging my family. It's like trying to bury a pocket of air in the deepest part of the ocean-impossible, irresponsible on some level.

"So where we going?" I take in a jagged breath that mimics a cry. "Left, right?" I try to mock Jen and Blaine, but it comes out pathetic.

"I thought maybe we'd try straight." He points to a lake in front of us and leads us toward the edge. "The grounds keeper stores a small boat nearby just in case some poor sucker gets thrown in and doesn't know how to swim," he says, lifting a plastic tarp hidden behind a row of tall reeds. He turns the aluminum craft over, then pushes it into the water. Wes helps me in and steadies the boat until I'm safely seated on a wood plank near the center.

As much as I hate to admit it, Jen's right. It's cold enough to solidify out here.

A depressive mist stretches over the sky. It covers the hint of a barely there moon and masks a thousand stars with its precipitous sorrow. A milky haze rolls in thick and low along the waterline, leaving it impossible to see three feet out.

Wesley rows us over the glossy slick as if Olympic gold depended on him.

"How big is the lake?" My voice sounds hollow. The mist settles over my palette, buttery, thick as oil.

"Quarter mile in diameter." He spikes an oar into the water and navigates us toward an overgrowth of brush on the north side. "How's that for privacy?" Wes suppresses a grin, his entire face lights up with the seductive implications.

I like this side of Wes, the naughty boy emerging from years of servitude in the land of please and thank you. Wes is ready to bark out orders of the on-your-knees, and would-you-like-another variety, I can tell. Of course I'd be more than willing to oblige him. I'd start each day bowing down to him-hell, in an assortment of positions if he wanted me to.

"Why would we need privacy, Wes?" I say it playful while crawling into his lap.

His dimples invert as he settles a kiss on my lips.

Wes gives a bashful half-smile as he pulls us farther into the lake with strong smooth strokes.

For a second, my thoughts revert back to Jones and the very real possibility of him shoving me into the Flanders's resort for the mentally lame.

"You really think Jones won't lock me away?" Why do I get the feeling I'll be sporting a complete set of leather bracelets by morning-the kind you need a key to remove. I need more of Wesley's kisses to release me from this grim line of thinking.

"Nope. Besides, you're getting better. You're far more relaxed around everyone, I can tell."

"Yeah, well, I'm pretty convinced Jen or Carter aren't going to morph into overgrown parasites anytime soon. And, believe me, I'm not following anyone into the forest ever again. Not willingly anyway. They can be on fire, and I could be holding the last bucket of water-still not going."

"Good." His chest rumbles with a quiet laugh.

The moon dusts over his features and blesses his smile with an iridescent glow. I'm shocked at how well he's cultivated his charm, how his features have sharpened to perfection. It's a miracle Kresley isn't chasing me out of town with an ax.

"So why didn't you tell Jones we saw the Spectators at Charity Lake?" Apparently, Wes has his limits on what he'll share with my newfound uncle. I can't blame him, even if it was me who let the Spectator out of the bag. But let the record show, Wesley drove me to it. He was the one who was willing to sacrifice my questionable sanity in front of Jones in the name of my wellbeing. I think I deserve an answer.

"Because I knew he'd be insane with worry." The whites of his eyes glint out over the water. "The body shop called. The frame is cracked. Looks like it's time for a new car." He sinks into me with a penetrative stare. "I don't want to talk about that stuff anymore," he whispers.

"What do you want to talk about?" Now that cars and the walking dead are off the table, I can't imagine where the conversation will go.

I hold his gaze and try to pretend it's old Wesley, the one who didn't have a car and loved me, then loved me the same when he took possession of his grandpa's rundown truck after that.

"I made something for you," he says it low, secretive, as if not even the wind should be clued in on what was about to happen.

"You did?" I squeal with delight over the thought. Wes could fashion a miracle with his bare hands.

"Yup." He reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out something flat, round as his hand. It holds a waxy orange luster in this dull light. "Technically I didn't make this for you, nature did. But, I embellished it to the best of my abilities."

He settles a leaf in the span between us, and everything in me enlivens.

Old Wes. He's still in there.

"You mentioned"-he starts in slow as the fog expels from his mouth like a pool of white clouds-"that, in that dream, you used to write poetry for me on the back of leaves. I found this perfect maple, and I couldn't help but think of you." He takes a breath. "Truth is, ever since you've been at Ephemeral, there's not a whole lot more I can think about." Wes presses into me with an unwavering stare. There's an earnestness hovering behind those emerald lenses that says so much more. He leans in and dusts my lips with a quick kiss. "I wrote something for you on the back."

I take the leaf and turn it over. It's too dark to properly discern what it might say.

"I cut myself collecting it." Wes dots me with another kiss. "I didn't set out to write it in blood. Anyway, if you see a drop or two, it's from yours truly. You're worth the pint I lost in the process." A dry laugh hums through him. "I'd bleed for you every day, Laken." He says it serious. "It's stupid." He shakes the idea away as if he were embarrassed by the sentiment, as if he didn't fully comprehend how he could go there- feel so strongly all at once.

"No, it's beautiful." I interlace our fingers and bring his hand to my lips. "What does it say?"

"My love burns bright for you. It's from a poem. I can't remember which one, but, I didn't think you'd mind." He lets those last few words sink out slow.

My love burns bright for you are the words he inscribed on the leathery leaf of a rubber tree-last one he gave me. My heart seizes with both pleasure and pain.

"I don't mind. I absolutely love this." I hold it to my chest before tucking it beneath a threadbare rope for safekeeping. "I'm going to keep it forever." I wrap my arms around him tight.

"I'm going to keep you forever." His eyes glaze over with lust before he crashes his lips against mine.

We fall into a season of achingly slow kisses. Wesley indulges in the warmth of my mouth, devouring me with all of his lingual affection.

Wesley is the very best part of me. He makes me feel whole-familiar. I run my hands beneath his sweater and warm my fingers against his searing flesh. I love it like this with Wes, just the two of us-the pale eye of God watching from above.

His oven-hot hands roam down the back of my jeans and cover my bottom while we exchange a powerhouse of kisses. The boat rocks slightly and it all feels like a dream, one bliss-filled night that I never want to end. I run my fingers down to the lip of his jeans and fiddle with the button-slip down over his boxers until I hit his warm thighs.

Wes rides his hands up my sweater-cups me over the bra and lingers there a good long while. I can feel his affection for me growing against my thigh, his erratic breathing that tells me there is still so much more affection he's able to give.

I give his boxers a tug and Wes catches me at the wrist, dislodging my hands from his jeans in the process.

"Not like this," he whispers.

"Yes, like this," I counter. I might burst if I don't have Wes. I need him to wash Tucker Donovan off my body. On a night like tonight, he could rid me from the residue of Cider Plains entirely, if he wanted.

"You're having trouble remembering. It's not right."

"Wes." I string his name out with an impossible laugh. "I love you." I say each word like its own sentence. "I've always loved you. Isn't that enough for me to know?"

Wes takes in the scent of my hair at the base of my neck as though he were waiting to hear those words.

"I love you, too." His chest trembles with pleasure.

"Then let's forget about waiting for my memory. I already remember the most important thing-you."

"That may be so but your memory is misfiring," he corrects, "you're getting the details wrong. Besides, you killed me off with Fletcher in a lake." His long dimples push in on either side, amused.

"For your information, that's how it happened to go down." I want to add that it's the truth but refrain. "And, trust me, no one was sorrier than me." I secure my fingers just under his jeans and stay there in the event he changes his mind.

"And, no one is happier than me that it was all a dream." He huffs a quiet laugh.

"Okay, how about this?" I sigh into the words. "Neither of us talk about my 'dream.'"

"Deal." He flexes an apologetic smile.

"Let's focus on each other. On this moment." I fall over him with a mouthwatering kiss and try to make him forget just about everything.

He lifts our sweaters a few inches and presses the hot skin of his stomach over mine. A current goes off inside me, warms me from head to toe. It feels like magic-like a sizzling touch of his most intimate affection. I didn't realize how thirsty every inch of me was for Wesley Parker.

"I'm thirsty for you, Laken," he whispers. "You don't know how bad I want to drink you down."

Our lips collide, then our hungry tongues. Wes may want to wait, but his body is in full protest to the idea.

Jen and Blaine shout for us in tandem, reverberating our names off the water in a series of echoes.

"Looks like they called just in time." Wes pierces me with a magnetic gaze. "I was just about to cave."

I pull him in by the chin and offer a kiss that lashes him to attention. "You'll cave," I say. "Sooner than later." I'll have Wes by Halloween.

Wes squeezes my hand before beginning the task of rowing us back.

"Who knows, I might cave before Halloween." A dry laugh rumbles through him.

My eyes dart over to his, and I take a quick breath.

I might be thirsting for Wes Parker, but this strange version, is beginning to unnerve me with his newfound ability to read my mind.

Makes me wonder if, in fact, this is Wesley Parker at all.

32

Trash Talk

We head back to the Anderson estate, although the square footage alone qualifies it for a much more regal title, like castle or chateau. The lights are dim, and it's apparent most everyone has gone to bed. I jet upstairs with Wes in tow, trying not to look the lunatic in the eye that is Jen. She went postal on the drive home just because Wes and I were on the lake for twenty freaking minutes. Imagine the carnage that would have ensued if she knew our abdomens fused together-that our kisses were enough to make any grandmother blush and recoil-and lastly, why this might prove to be the best Halloween ever.

I twirl the leaf Wes gave me between my fingers, let the soft roll of the stem tickle my flesh. We pause just shy of my bedroom, and I lean into him, gazing back down at nature's handprint. I'm so thrilled to have a small piece of Cider Plains, albeit a replica, but nonetheless. Wes loves me, and as soon as I can fake getting my memory back, I'll have him completely. I reach under his shirt and run my hand over his smooth flesh, solid as iron.

"So, where's my parent's room?" I whisper, as hurricane Jen darts down the hall, all hair and fury over the fact Wes is huddled near my door. Honest to God, even a nun would tell her to loosen up.

"There." Wes points at a set of double doors to my right with ornate carvings in the wood, shiny brass handles.

"I think I'll go in and say good night," I whisper. "I'm pretty exhausted, so I'll just head off to bed after."

"Got it." He flexes his dimples with a twinge of disappointment. "If you change your mind, I'll be watching a movie with Fletch."

"Okay-night." I press in with a soft, meandering kiss. I soak in the scent of his cologne, the way his lips feel against mine and save it for my dreams. If I weren't missing my sisters and mother from this psychotic equation, I'd think I had died and gone to heaven.

I wait until Wes disappears out of sight before heading over to the faux 'rents bedroom. There's a dim alcove just outside their room, and I pause, reflecting on the fact I have no game plan, hell I don't even know the floor plan. I open the door just enough to slip through and close it soft as cotton once I hit the other side.

I can hear their measured breathing. The entire room vibrates with the essence of their beings. This will probably end with a heart attack on their part or a bullet to my brain if I startle them.

An anemic spray of light emanates to my left, and I head over in hopes of finding the bathroom.

I pass a closet on either side then the hall opens up into a giant expanse of stone flooring and glossy granite counters. My old bedroom could have fit easily into this space, twice.

Two doors on the right remain closed. To my left is a counter full of neatly stored cosmetics and lotions lay sprawled out along the leopard-patterned granite. I pull out the small waste bin from underneath and fill my right pocket with what little tissues lie at the bottom. A gleam of light catches on a used piece of dental floss tinted with blood. I bundle it up in a crumpled tissue and carefully add it to the rest of the trash stuffed into my jeans.

Note to self-next time I choose to dumpster dive for genetic DNA, accessorize with a purse.

I go over and do the same from the other trashcan under what I assume to be my new father's sink, although there's considerably less waste to choose from.

New father. Somehow Jones seems to fit this role a little better than the man snoring loudly in the very next room.

The lights switch on.

Shit!

The peachy glow blinds me momentarily.

"Laken?" The brunette parading around as my mother squints into me.

"Hi!" I take an awkward step back as if I weren't just riffling through the trash.

"What's going on?" She wraps an arm around my shoulder. It warms me, washes away all of the criticisms she managed to lob in my direction earlier.

"I didn't want to bother you," I start, unsure of what kind of adventure my tongue plans on navigating. "I was all out of shampoo, and I thought maybe I could borrow yours."

"Sure." She walks over to an enormous rectangular shower. There's no door or wall to protect anyone from seeing inside, just a giant space with a spigot up above, a drain in the stone tile below.

Who in their right mind takes a shower, right there, in the middle of a room that has no door?

"This will put some shine back in that mane." She scrunches her nose while handing me a bottle. "Although, for you it might take some time. I don't know what you did-it's nothing but straw," she says, pinching my hair. "Stay away from horses," she scolds. "And no showering this late. I don't want you going to bed with wet hair and catching a cold. The last thing I need is one dead Laken."

Her eyes give a cold steely look, but there's laughter layered just beneath the surface. Like maybe she knows I'm dead to begin with.

"I would hate to be dead," I say, testing the necrotic waters. "You never know what waits for you on the other side."

"Maybe nothing waits for you. Wouldn't that be something?" She holds my gaze like a challenge.

"But we don't believe that, right?"

"That's because we know better." She steps into me like a threat. "We have so much to catch up on. I'll take you and Jen shopping soon. It'll be like old times."

"Yeah, old times." I try to make a break for the door, but she secures her hand over mine.

"How'd it go with Wesley? Was it awkward?"

"No, why would it be awkward?"

"Take things slow. We don't want another incident on our hands." She needles me with a sharp look. "Wes is a good boy, but he's one of them. They'll pluck your pants off if you're not careful." She makes Wes sound like a trouser hungry savage.

"Right." Not Wes. He's opposed to the plucking of the pants until long after my memory restructures itself to suit his world. So, theoretically, the pants will stay on forever, unless, of course, I miraculously recall all things Anderson. I'm betting on a self-imposed "miracle."

"Good night," I say.

"Get straight to bed. Jones told me you wandered off last night in search of a mystery. I'll have none of that." She gives a soft kiss before propelling me into the hall.

I text Cooper as soon as I hit my bedroom and ask him to meet me outside.

I've got some questionable DNA burning a hole in my pocket, and it's time to end a few of these so-called mysteries.

I'm betting I'll discover I've been "one dead Laken" all along.

Sheets of damp fog envelop me as I set in on a serious hike across the front of the property through, of all things, a forest.

To say I'm jittery or even a little on edge doesn't begin to express the intense level of fright brewing inside me. All of this insanity just to deliver used tissue and bloodied dental floss. It hardly seems worth the trek over the river and through the haunted woods, which are rife with partially reanimated humans and shape-shifting "angels."

Who the hell cares if these people aren't my real parents? I know full well they're not. I know Jen isn't my sibling and, that Fletch, unfortunately, is.

I know Wes. I know him intimately, and I know whoever is messing with our lives, has probably screwed with Wes the most because not only is he living as some wealthy imposter, he's garnered the ability to read minds-and that's perhaps the scariest part of all. Why Wes? Can Fletch read minds? What if Jen's somehow procured this superpower? Obviously, not Jen because if she could, she'd probably be clued in pretty quick to Blaine's sexual misadventures. I bet he plays out those erotic stolen moments with Jax on a loop in his brain. I'm having a serious transference issue with him and Tucker. I'd gladly neuter him with a butter knife, given the opportunity, as homage to my own cheating ex-boyfriend.

That kiss I shared with Coop blinks through my mind. That was different.

A surge of guilt as wide as the ocean fills me.

I can't stand myself for wanting that-for secretly hoping that Cooper Flanders pines for me on some level.

A rattle emits from inside the thicket.

Shit. My body shrills to attention with fear.

Be brave-be brave.

I hold my breath as I listen for any other sound that might tip me off to the fact that I'm about to me mounted by a wicked lion woman or a wannabe corpse stuck in decomposition mode. And this time, I might not be so lucky to end up in Cooper Flanders' arms.

What am I saying? Lucky to be in Cooper Flanders's arms? More like unlucky to have landed in the zombie depository-unlucky to have him place his lips over mine just in time to have it documented on an eight by ten glossy.

God, what if it was Cooper who took the picture? What if he wants to blackmail me out of Wesley's life and into his? Not that it'd ever work. Obviously it would take more than death to pry us apart, although if I end up breaking Wesley's heart, that just might do the trick.

I pick up pace and try not to over analyze the fact that the distinct crunch of footsteps is fast approaching from behind.

Crap.

Why do I choose not to listen? Stay out of the f**king forest was the only rule these quasi-humans gave me. Each time I disobey, I end up a little riper for the Flanders's Farm, and I'm not talking about the one that houses Marky.

"Laken," a male voice whispers from the bushes.

"No." I break into an all-out sprint down the dark, twisting trail.

"Laken, it's me, Coop," he pants after me.

Sure-I bet that's what they all say before chopping you up and serving you as stew to the underworld plebeians.

"Laken," he shouts a little louder, catching up with me on the dirt road.

We trip over a branch and fall in tandem. He rolls over me without hesitating and secures my wrists above my head. Cooper stares down at me with his caustic good looks-every girl in Cider Plains would die a thousand deaths to have Cooper Flanders pin her down-like a dove with her wings spread wide.

He gives a bashful smile, loosens his grip. "You okay?" he pants. His eyes dance happy to see me, and I want nothing more than to curl up in his arms-find some respite from all this madness.

"Is it really you?" I'm still ambivalent over whether or not I'll knee him in the balls and take off for the house.

"Whoa." He cinches his legs together and rolls off. "No reason to get the knees involved. It's me, I swear." He sits up. "I thought I'd meet you halfway. I forgot how creepy it can get out here."

"You heard everything, didn't you?" My cheeks burn under the protective shelter of darkness, not even the moon in its dissipated glory is wise enough to give away the color in my face. There is no hue that survives the night save for deep purples and blues. I love this quiet, bruised world. I like sharing it with Cooper-perhaps a little too much.

"What happened last night?" My voice breaks when I say it.

"You ended up in the Transfer." The tear shaped dimple below his eye ignites. "I'm glad I stumbled upon you."

"So you think it was a coincidence I ended up there?" My heart pounds, although I'm not sure if it's from the memory of last night or the fact I can trace out every ripple from underneath his shirt.

"There are no more coincidences in your life, Laken. Probably not mine either."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"It means the Counts control everything, right down to who you spend your time with."

"So, they know I'm with you?"

"They did last night. A nice impression of that kiss you gave was left on my pillow this morning. A picture of us was ingrained in the fabric, clear as day."

"Your pillow?" I balk. "And what's this 'I gave you' business?" We both know he drew his lingual weapon first. "I got one, too." I breathe the words out and tell him about the hatbox. "How did they know I'd find it?"

"They know your nature. They knew you'd look around," he says with a sly grin, "snoop."

"I'm not a snoop."

He pushes in close, the sharp scent of soap clings to him as if he had just taken a shower. I fight the urge to run my fingers through his hair, pull him over me, tight like a blanket.

He produces two small bags marked M and D.

I pluck the trash from my pockets and hand over the contents.

"How long will this take?" I study his face in this dull light as the shadows from the trees spill haphazard around us.

"I should have results by Monday."

"Okay." A plume of smoky night air streams from my lips. Our hands bump, and I interlace our fingers like an afterthought. It feels natural, right. "I'm pretty convinced Wes can read minds-a thousand percent sure in fact."

"I've never tested Wes." He presses it out with an unrequited sorrow. "He might have Celestra in him for all I know."

I don't even hesitate reaching into my jacket and pulling out the leaf.

"He cut himself. He mentioned there might be blood on it." I hand it over gingerly. "I'd like this one back."

"Not a problem." He scrutinizes it in the dark.

"He wrote on it. He used to do that for me." I draw the words out with far too much grief. "Would you do me a favor?"

"Anything." Cooper's eyes shine like polished silver against the navy forest.

"Destroy that pillowcase."

"Already did." He gives a reluctant nod. "I want to protect you, Laken. I would never hurt you."

A shiver runs through me as he repeats the words Wes said just yesterday-almost verbatim.

"What's with the pictures?" I ask. "Why are they doing this?"

"To let you know they're watching-that you'd better watch your back."

Same words Kresley used. It's almost as if Cooper himself were monitoring me.

"Who's doing this, Coop?"

"Most likely the same people that are after you."

"They're not people are they?" I pant into the sterile night.

"No, Laken, they're not."

33

Off to School We Go

Wesley's mother, another imposter that continues to propagate this farce, joins us for afternoon brunch out on the terrace. Her jet-black hair is pulled back into a severe bun which advantageously smooths out her wrinkles. She gives a tight-lipped smile, inspiring me to look away.

Instead, I focus on the large Roman arches that span the length of the house. They're carved from pale limestone and lie in sharp contrast to the charcoal-dusted sky.

An older woman with hard lines around her eyes and deep indentations on her forehead serves us a feast worthy of kings.

A scruffy terrier mix bleats at our feet for scraps, and every now and again, the woman who might be my mother, tosses him a treat-stealth without looking.

"If you keep feeding him, he'll get fat and have a heart attack," Dad snipes. Something about the way he and this mother of mine interact seems natural. If I did have a father, I could totally see him not getting along with the mother I left behind in Kansas.

"Do you hold the same promise?" She darts it out as a threat and laughs. The entire table hushes unnaturally. She wishes he were dead. I find this mildly amusing considering the aftereffects of meeting up with the reaper weren't at all what I expected. In fact, this version of the afterlife holds the promise of sex with Wes, and that alone might have been worth my date with the windshield.

"And, on that note..." Ms. Paxton claps her hands. Her dark burgundy lipstick bleeds out past the natural lines of her lips, flourishing in a tangle of delicate roots around her mouth. "What's the scoop on next week's game?" She nods at Wesley. Her bisque skin glows dull and listless, barren and void of feeling much like the rest of her.

"Match on Tuesday, again on Friday." Wes shoves a tortilla chip in his mouth as if to end the conversation.

"Not during the football game?" The champagne flute nearly slips from her fingers.

"Before," he corrects. "If it goes into OT, I might abandon the effort. I'd rather watch the cheerleaders." He gives a sly smile in my direction, and my insides ignite with heat.

"I could put on my uniform and give a private performance if you want," I offer, trying to make it sound innocent like some friendly gesture, but the words burn through my lips with a fireball of passion.

Ms. Paxton lets out a sigh of contention. "Kresley's been to see me." She picks up her knife and rubs her fingers into the handle. "She's under the impression you left her." She looks from me to Wes, feigning surprise.

I don't like the way she's molesting that blade. For sure, I don't like the fact she's bringing up Kresley.

"We're not together anymore," Wes is quick to inform.

Her jaw goes slack. Her complexion bleaches out ten shades, and she looks artificially pasty like a circus clown. Her entire person is so hypnotically freaky I can't take my eyes off the spectacle she's become.

"Anything you'd like to share?" Her pale green eyes sparkle with counterfeit curiosity. "It was almost a year for the two of you. I've never once seen you argue."

"I'd rather not get into it." Wes darts her a look that says I dare you to go on. "I will say that Kresley and I were never that close."

"So the rumor's true?" She squints a rueful smile in my direction. "Laken enamored you in as little as a week?

"I've been enamored with Laken for as long as I can remember." He reaches under the table and places his hand over mine like a protective shield.

I relax in the warmth of his flesh. I would accept any tactile infusion that Wes is willing to offer. It's a miracle I haven't attacked him fully by now, defiled him in the worst way possible with my hungry mouth-raked my hands over every last inch.

Wesley blinks over to me, his lips part as he extinguishes a breath. An animalistic craving is brewing between the two of us, and I'm betting, soon enough, he'll care less if I remember how to brush my hair, let alone last week.

His mother glowers over at us, cold as marble.

Jones takes the conversation in a whole new direction. But, it's Ms. Paxton's newfound discontent with my relationship with Wes that deafens me to the polite chatter. I withdraw my hand and tether my fingers around the damask napkin set before me in an effort to thwart Wes from reading my thoughts so brazenly.

My mother clears her throat. "Where's Demetri?" She blinks a placid smile over at Ms. Paxton. My uncle's expression darkens at the mention of this man, and it piques my curiosity.

"West Coast." Wesley's mother gives a quick glance to Jones. "His grandfather's fallen ill. He'll be back and forth a bit."

Jones perks up. "That's right, he's from L.A."

"Paragon originally," Ms. Paxton corrects. "Although, he keeps a home in L.A. as well. He lost a friend in a fire recently. Things haven't been easy for him."

"How does he manage to teach?" Jones continues to feign interest.

"Demetri is a man of great talent and mystery. However, he's already let the board know this will be his final year at Ephemeral. It'll be a shame to lose him."

"Tragedy." Jones pulls his shoulders back, as if he's secretly pleased by the news. "Laken, don't you have Mr. Edinger this year?"

"Mr. Edinger?" He's a total ass, I want to say. "Yeah. It looks like he's going to be pretty tough."

Jones nods. "Get a good tutor. It could make all the difference in the world." He latches onto me with a strangling gaze as if we weren't talking about lit anymore, as if somehow he were pushing Coop and I together.

I wonder if the powers that be really wanted Wes with Kresley? I can see their dark heads knit together, their bodies locked in an embrace. His killer smile, her flawless skin. They make a glamour couple far more than Wes and I ever could.

I finger my loose curls, still lost in thought.

"Any word on that missing girl?" My mother waits for a lull in the conversation to ask.

"Casper?" Ms. Paxton shakes her head. "It's a cold case. We warn all the students about what they put out on the Internet and strictly forbid meeting up with anyone they've met online. I can't image what got into that girl's head to make her act so foolishly." She espouses the right level of concern, but her face remains unblemished with worry. It gives away her secret-that perhaps she doesn't care at all.

A stillness takes over the table as we collectively ponder Casper's disappearance.

"She must have thought she was in love." Wes nods as though it were a given.

"Love can make you do foolish things," Ms. Paxton counters. She glares at the two of us with a palpable discontent.

Something foolish is going on all right.

After a series of long drawn out good-byes, we head back to Ephemeral. If I'm glad about one detail in this new arrangement, it's the fact I don't have to live with this strange couple posing as my parents. I can feel the toxicity in my blood decrease the farther we get from my new mother and father.

Jen waits until we're alone in our dorm room before spearing me with a look. She rakes a brush through her hair in a violent manner, and I'm getting the idea her hostility is directly focused on me.

"Just FYI, that little stunt you pulled at the lake nearly cost me everything."

I scoot to the edge of the bed eager to hear her asinine explanation. With no TV, I'm strictly dependent on Jen for entertainment.

"Blaine's all riled up over the PDA's you and Wes were throwing out all weekend. He stated you as exhibit A-that Anderson women are capable of putting out. You didn't really sleep with some kid name Tucker did you?"

"No." Not in this universe. "Heaven's no. I've been saving myself for Wes." God, how I wish that were true. Well, it's sort of true now. "And really, Jen? If that's all your boyfriend thinks about, and he doesn't respect your wishes, find another boy. He's obviously not the one."

"So you were kidding?" She sags with relief at the prospective return of my virginity, completely ignoring the fact I just advised her to dump the dead weight posing as Wesley's brother. "Blaine thinks we should profess our love physically now that we're out of high school."

"If you're waiting for that special moment, he should understand." And I'm not talking about the backseat of a Camaro-freaking Tucker. "It sounds like he's pressuring you." And cheating on you, but I don't say that. Blaine is creepy. Even his name sounds foreign on my tongue like I'm striving to say blame with an accent. Personally, I don't see what the sexual dilemma is since they both seem to have their memories intact.

"Moment nothing-I'm waiting for a wedding. Guys don't buy the cow if you're giving away the milk for free."

I stare at her in disbelief. She's gone from hero to zero in less than one overused bovine analogy.

"Look, if you really want to wait until you sell your hide, you're going to have to dump that moron. Or, you know..." I involuntarily tick my head toward Jax's room. "He might get thirsty and get his milk elsewhere-like a neighboring cattle ranch." Might, will, they're interchangeable at this point.

"What?" She gasps, stunned by the prospect of her boyfriend suckling off someone else's udder. "Blaine would never in a million years cheat," she says cheat as if the word alone were too inept to belong in her lexicon. "Not in two lifetimes, not even if he were about to die and an entire row of beautiful naked women begged for a kiss."

I gawk in disbelief. Surely, poor plain-brained Jen doesn't believe that kissing would be the height of the debacle if Blaine found himself staring both death and naked boobs in the face. A perv on overdrive like him would be aching for the death penalty if those fringe benefits existed. It would bring a whole new meaning to "having your last meal."

"I have confidence in our relationship." She settles the brush through her glassy hair with one smooth stroke.

"So, I forget, how long have the two of you been together now? A couple years?"

"Six." She nods with pride. Jen wears the time served as a badge of honor while Blaine sees it for the prison term it's panning out to be.

"Wow, that's a long time. So, you guys kiss, right?"

"Chaste kisses," she whispers as if she's ashamed at the thought. "Then, you know, we spice it up on birthdays and holidays." She averts her eyes, leaving the roving of tongues to my imagination.

"Really?" I'm fascinated by her self-control. I can't imagine not wanting to devour Wes.

"What!" She gives a little laugh. "It's not a big deal to me. Blaine understands. He knows once we're married, things will be different."

I doubt Jen knows what's required of her vagina.

"Look, I'm not trying to be mean or create weirdness between us, but I really don't think Blaine is the one for you. Maybe you should break up for a while and see other people?" Like monks. "What if there's an incredible person out there for you, and you're missing out on something spectacular? Maybe deep down inside it's not the kissing you don't want, it's Blaine you're not that into." She very well could be spending all her free time with Tucker while there's a perfectly good Wesley floating around on the planet just waiting to be found. Or Cooper-there could always be a god like Coop waiting to rescue her from her unblemished reputation.

I bite down on my lip, frightened at how easily the discretion slipped through my mind.

And, in no way am I looking down on Jen for waiting to take the next step with her moron boyfriend. Maybe if I had waited, if I had that same sense of conviction, I would never have landed in the backseat with Tucker to begin with. It's been my deepest regret and I can never get back what I lost. I wish I had Jen lording her stringent morals over me back home.

"Anyway." She leans over and retrieves something off her desk-a hand written note. "Wes forgot to give this to you. You'll have to have it memorized by Tuesday. It's pretty easy. It's recited as a group, so there's no pressure if you forget a line."

Countenance. It looks like a poem, a prayer or something.

I am an immortal.

Flesh and bones and such as these are not tethered to my soul.

In this world and outside its bounds, I stand shoulder to shoulder with my brothers.

This pledge is delivered from my heart.

With one another and with God,

We shall conquer and hold down our enemies until they rest beneath us like a footstool.

In accordance to the hierarchy, so shall it be for one, so shall it be for all.

Dear God, this is warped.

It sounds like I'm selling my soul to the devil.

And I just might be.

34

Answers in Partial

The morning fog blooms like clapped pompons dipped in white powder. I can hardly make out the road. The statue of Asterion with his horns melting into the clouds, disappears and reappears at will.

Wesley walks me hand in hand to first period. There's a genuine sweetness about him that no one in the world could take away. The way he paints me over the canvas of his soul with those crystalline eyes, the way he tries to hold back a smile that bobs to the surface just for me, the lust he wears on his sleeve whenever we're together-all of it irrevocable on an intrinsic level.

I try to stave off thoughts of Cooper and the answers he might have waiting for me, but it's an impossible task so I redirect my thoughts to the weather on a loop.

It's freezing out. A white cloud has settled around us, inviting a steady halo of steam with every breath.

"Dr. Flanders called last night," I offer. "Mentioned he'd have the answers to those left brain, right brain experiments he subjected me to. You know, name the inkblot, nothing too scientific. He's giving Cooper the results for me."

"Great. There's Coop." Wes tugs at my hand with excitement. "Flanders," he shouts over the expanse of the quad.

My heart starts to race, clearly there are no bounds to my stupidity. Of course Wesley is going to want to listen in on the results of my defunct brain scan-our entire horizontal future rides on the tail of my recovery.

Wes flexes a smile. "If you'd rather be alone when you find out the results, I totally get it." He depresses a sigh. "There's the coach." He points past me. "I need to talk to him about practice anyway."

Cooper appears with a baseball cap pulled low, his lips turned in a loose grin. Clearly he enjoys inserting himself between the two of us.

"What's up?" He hitches his thumb into his backpack.

"Laken mentioned you'd have the results today." He circles a critical glance at Coop before returning his gaze to me. "I'll catch you later?"

"Sure." I lean up and dot his cheek with a kiss.

Cooper's eyes expand the size of platters as though I've lost control of my senses and blabbed about the real tests.

Wes looks over at me with a measure of suspicion, and I'm quick to pull my hand free. Wes is the scalding pan I keep forgetting about, burning myself at random.

A hint of sadness clouds his features. "I'd better go." He drops a sweet kiss on my forehead before evaporating into the fog.

Good thing I didn't further expose the fact those tests were designed to implicate imposters, which I'm sure they are-and I'm a little afraid Wes might be included in that category.

"By the way," I whisper into Coop, "I'm not doing a great job of hiding what I'm thinking."

"Why? Are you having indecent thoughts about me?" Cooper does a poor job of hiding a lewd smile.

"You're not funny," I'm quick to inform him. "And the answer is no. Anyway-you have the results?"

Cooper walks me over to the barren side of the English building, leans up against the limestone wall and gazes into me as though he could see for miles inside my soul-decipher my past as if reading a book.

"Tell me," I plead. "I'm dying here."

"Your father wasn't a match." It comes out in a victorious white puff. "He's not even in the neighborhood of genetic possibilities."

I throw my arms around his neck as a deep well of sobs bubble to the surface.

"Knew it," I whisper into his neck. I pull back and try to collect myself. "Sorry." I wipe the tears away with the back of my hand. "But this is huge." It means Lacey is real. I can find her and Mom-and still take the time to rip Tucker Donavan a new one if I wanted.

Cooper twists his lips. He looks over my shoulder and pulls me deeper behind a towering bougainvillea. It sprays out its pink tissue petals, sheltering us with its poisonous blooms. Cooper rests his arms around my waist, relaxes into me with an intense stare. I can feel a magical pull between us, and I try to hide any insane ideas or feelings that might want to assert themselves right about now.

"Your mother..." Cooper's warm breath sweeps across my cheek. "She's"-he pauses, glancing over my shoulder momentarily-"she's your mother, Laken. It was more than a match."

"No," I groan. The only thing stopping me from falling to my knees is the simple fact Cooper is holding me up. "It's wrong." I lay my hands flat against his chest to push him away but lack the effort or will. "You're a part of this." It comes out with great distress. "This was a setup from the beginning." Grief for miles pierces me, splits me in two from the inside out.

"It's not a setup." He picks up my head gently by the chin. "And I promise you, I'm not one of them." Cooper tightens his grip and lets me rest against his warm chest. I take in his clean scent with each hyperventilating breath. It feels safe like this with Cooper-safer than with anybody else and it kills me.

"And Wes?" I'm almost afraid to ask. Who knows what things he's unearthed about poor sweet, Wes.

"I won't have those results until after school. If you want, after practice, I can bring you by the house." His jaw loosens, hopeful. "Or, I can text you." He gives an easy smile exposing a small dimple and makes me ache for him with an unnatural desire.

"I want to know as soon as possible." I take in a quivering breath. "I'll go with you. I guess, now, I just need to figure out what to do."

"About what?"

"If that woman is really my mother, like you say she is, then I must have hit my head." I wish I would hit my head, forget about Lacey and Cider Plains in general. "As far as my father goes..." I raise my shoulders. "I'll have to come to terms with the fact I'm the product of an affair-probably part Ugandan." I try and make light of it, but the theory swills in my stomach, corrosive as battery acid.

His features smooth out. His lips curve just enough to give him a devious edge.

"I think you acquiesce too easily, Laken Stewart."

My entire person swims with emotion when he says my real name. Makes me want to bury my face in the warmth of his chest and never come out.

"What does that mean?" Hope sparks in the pit of my stomach.

"It means-I still believe you. I happen to know the Counts have the power to do just about anything, and if you say you're Laken Stewart, then that's who you are. We'll prove them wrong."

"What do you get out of it?"

"Answers." His lips press together white as paper.

"Answers?"

"You know, about the Counts and their secrets-the Spectators." He says it unconvincing as if he's using them as a cover, but I can tell by his steel cut gaze, he's unwilling to negotiate with the truth.

"Where do you think the Spectators come from?" My heart starts to pick up pace. "What are they? Who are they?" I'm pretty sure I'm not going to like the answer.

"Botched resurrections."

Knew I wouldn't like it.

"Um..." I scratch the back of my head, lost in thought. "If a Spectator were to bite someone, do they become susceptible to the virus they carry?"

"Zombie lore." His cheek rides up with a lazy half-smile. "And it happens to be true."

"I was bit." My chest convulses with panic. I remember in detail that night at Charity Lake. "Wes tried to comfort me. He said I'd be okay."

I wait for Coop to deny it, to stop this ludicrous line of thinking.

"You know what it means if he's right?" A white plume expels from his mouth as he says it.

"What?" I ask in a panic, but the pieces put themselves together and the sorrow in Cooper's eyes says it all. "It means I'm a Spectator."

35

Going Zombie

The rest of the day hangs over my head like a boulder.

I lay on the grass depressed as hell during cheer-unable to muster any fake enthusiasm I might have previously manufactured to please Jen the drill sergeant.

I manage to convince her that I've been taken down by monster cramps, so she lets me get dressed early and sit out practice. I have a feeling my newfound menstruation malfunction will be my go-to excuse to avoid all things cheer.

Instead of perfecting my spread eagle stance to pump up the crowd, I watch Cooper on the field from the bleachers. The Ephemeral football team is comprised of giants, also known as Frankensteined abnormalities. They knock one another down easy as bowling pins, and truthfully, I'm a little worried for Cooper's well-being. I try to keep track of his number, but the distance and fog provides enough obstacles for me to give up the effort. After the shrill cry of a whistle, they make a mad dash for the locker room, all save for one. I'm hopeful it's Coop who's jogging his way over. It's not until he takes off his helmet that he reveals himself to be a sweaty Flynn Masterson.

"Enjoy the show?" He flashes a perfect toothy smile that would make any orthodontic institution proud.

"Yes, Flynn. I found you immensely entertaining." Truthfully, I didn't even realize he was on the team.

"I got something I want to show you."

"What is it?" I lean over, in the event it has to do with Casper.

"Not here-alone."

I make a face. "If it's what I think it is, I'm not interested. I have a boyfriend." Funny. I don't seem so quick to spread the word when I'm alone with Coop. I shake the thought out of my head. Cooper is different. He believes me-he's my own personal daydream believer, and that's hard to come by these days.

"I like where your mind's at-the gutter." His voice dips into its lower register as he holds back his signature vulgar grin. "You have quite the sense of humor. Trust me, if I wanted you for myself, you would have long since been taken."

Spoken like a true Count.

"Now you're the one with the sense of humor." I produce a smile. I like jostling back and forth like this with Flynn. Flynn is easy and not just in the sexual sense.

"I'll swing by after dinner." His teeth illuminate in the dull of evening. "It's a date." He starts in on a backward jog on his way to the gym.

"No, it's not," I say halfheartedly, but he's already out of earshot.

A boil of clouds move in quick overhead, black as a cauldron. Everything feels unnatural here, cued in from some off stage director-the clouds, the sky, the wind. It feels orchestrated by something other than the hand of God.

Carter gives a spastic wave from the field before making her way over.

"Jackson and I are making plans for the weekend." She pants before tipping her head over and shaking out her brassy locks. Her face is purple as a plum, and beads of sweat trickle down her temples when she rights herself. Looks like I escaped a rather grueling punishment by way of Jen who actually manages to put some fear in cheer.

"That's awesome." It comes out far less enthusiastic than I mean it to. "I mean, that you're giving it another chance with Jackson."

"I know, right? He's a senior. He's Jax Easton's ex." She shakes her head as though I should understand how much that ups his value. "He's only the tallest guy on campus, so you know what that means."

"You'll have a higher survival rate in the event of a flood?"

"Yeah that." She makes a face. "Anyway, he's taking me to Kettles Saturday night. We're doing the bonfire thing. Wanna come?"

"As in third wheel? No thanks."

"As in bring Wes." She averts her eyes at my inability to see the romantic writing on the wall, or in this case, sand.

"No thanks." I'm pretty protective about my Wes time.

Cooper appears with his backpack hiked up over his shoulders. His face is alive with color from practice, his hair damp fresh from a shower. He looks golden, molten, like he's just kissed the sun.

"Ready?" He beams a radiant smile. Every time Cooper Flanders looks at me, I feel undeniably safe. Ironic since I'm starting to feel undeniably lied to every time I think of Wes, my boyfriend from lifetimes past.

Carter's mouth contorts as she comes to all sorts of wrong conclusions. "Or bring Coop," she drags out his name in a weary cadence. "You can totally bring Cooper."

"Bring me where?" His eyes glow against his ruddy skin, and I have to look away a moment before I get sucked in too far.

"Bonfire Saturday night," she chirps. "Jackson and I are hanging out."

"Looking for a couple bodyguards to keep him off you?" Cooper shoots it out playful.

"Who says I want to keep him off me?" The words come sultry from her lips, and suddenly it feels like she's hitting on Coop. "Besides, it'll be fun. We can roast hot dogs and eat S'mores. Please," she sings into me.

"I'll be there," I say, "with Wes."

"I thought that was our date." Cooper gives the slightest hint that he's teasing, but I can feel his longing for me, and I don't know what to do with it.

"Whatever. Just show, okay?" Carter takes off, leaving the mist to twirl in her wake like an apparition.

I hop down and give Cooper a look for even thinking we were capable of going on a date.

"What?" He gives a playful grin. "I happen to like S'mores."

Marky and I place a batch of cut-and-bake cookies into the oven while Coop talks to his dad on the phone. Everything feels so normal, so right, at the Flanders's house. It was as if we had suddenly found ourselves encapsulated in a Norman Rockwell painting. This was a picture I wouldn't mind framing-Cooper and me with Marky by our side. I could envision a lifetime of Christmases, Thanksgivings, birthdays, every life event rolled into one occurring under this roof with Coop right alongside me.

Imagining any of those things with Wes in the sterile halls of the Anderson estate seems laughable. I haven't even been to his house yet, not sure I want to with his mother shooting death barbs at me, especially after all but declaring herself team Kresley.

"Picture day is next week." Marky gives an apprehensive look as though she were fearful of my answer before she could properly get the question out. "I was just wondering..." She tugs her wavy hair and looks up at the ceiling.

She did that the same way Lacey would have. Same head tilt, same quasi-manipulative tone. I want to collapse my arms over Marky, get lost in the darkness of unruly tresses, press my lips against her crown and give her every last kiss that I may never give Lacey.

"Would you want to come to the mall with me and help pick out an outfit?" Her eyes plead on a desperate level. They say I have no mother, no sister, please, fill the void and love me. "I know it's only going to be, like, from here up." She cuts herself off at the shoulders. "But it's still a good excuse to get an entire outfit out of the deal."

"I like the way you think." I take up her hands. "I would love to go to the mall with you." I hop on the balls of my feet to match her excitement.

"Oh, so her you'll go out with." Cooper closes his lids partway. It looks more seductive than it does accusatory and sends an unexpected bite of heat ripping through my stomach. "You mind coming upstairs?" he asks. "I think I might have some of those answers you were looking for."

"Can it wait three minutes? I'm sort of committed to a prior task." I motion toward the chocolate chip cookies in the oven.

"So you're saying you'd rather perfect your culinary skills." He holds a pleading hand out at Marky. "It's tough to be me."

Marky looks up as if she's just been slapped. "Why won't you go out with my brother?"

She could have cut my heart out with a spatula, and it would have hurt less than seeing the pain of rejection in her eyes. Maybe inserting myself into Marky's life isn't the greatest idea. All I've been thinking about is how she helps stave the pain from losing Lacey. Never once did I consider that I might be hand delivering the same brand of grief.

"Laken and I are just friends." Cooper is quick to save me. "I'm helping her with some homework." Cooper is all business. It's as if Marky gave him a dose of reality, and now it's game over for the flirt that lives inside him, at least where I'm concerned.

Marky evaluates us as though we were thieves trying to talk our way out of a lengthy prison stay. I can tell she's hurt by the revelation and perhaps slightly amused by our hyper-denial.

"But that doesn't change the fact we're pulling a big mall crawl before picture day." I touch my finger to her nose. "And, I think we should totally entertain hairstyle possibilities. That fourth grade picture is going to be haunting you a lot longer than you can ever imagine."

"Yes!" She jumps. "I want it all curled on the ends. And my friends all have these really cool feathers in their hair-I so want one."

"Then we'll get one," I say. "But only if it's okay with your dad."

"You're the best." She circles my waist with her plump arms. I close my eyes and feel both her and Lacey enwreathe themselves around me. "I know he's going to say yes. And Cooper's going to have to drive us, so it's sort of like a date." She sings, happy to get her way after all.

The timer goes off, and I pull the cookies out.

"Let them cool a minute," I say, placing them onto the counter.

"Thanks, Laken. I love you." She squeezes me with another heartfelt hug, and it feels like bliss.

I love you too, Marky. But I don't dare say it.

She blinks up and smiles as if she heard every single word.

Cooper insists we head up to his room to get started on "that paper" but not before he wolfs down half the batch of chocolate chip cookies.

Once we get upstairs, I fall back on his bed while he locks the door. I spread my arms over my head, making snow angels in the cool of his comforter. He falls in next to me on his elbows and gives a lazy blink.

"Coop?"

"Yes." He watches me-roves his eyes all over my face, my chest, the length of my arms. It feels invasively sensual, erotic on some level as if he had harnessed the power to touch me with those glacial-colored eyes, but I don't call him on it since I've sprawled myself on his bed like I own it.

"If I bite someone," I start, "and they're not Spectators, does it mean-"

"No," it speeds out of him. "I'll tell you everything I know. First generation was experimental. They seem to be the only ones plagued with the uncanny ability to reproduce and decompose. The deranged scientist at the helm of the experiment thought injecting them with a cocktail of genomes would regenerate tissue, stop it from mutating and turning necrotic, but they only managed to achieve half the mission. Turns out, that in less than a couple years the first round of bodies started to slow down and not long after-rot. They got the regeneration part right. They don't need food or water. Instead, they crave somatic stem cells, especially those found in grey matter, to reverse the decomposition-and because of that, they really do eat brains." He wiggles his fingers like it was a joke on some level.

"They eat people?" I spike up onto my elbows.

"They want to cure the disease the Counts accidentally inflicted on them. They still have the ability to think, feel-decompose, but their muscles are congested in a half-rigor state." He takes a breath. "The Counts rounded them up, locked them up, and threw away the key."

"And now they're everywhere," I expire the words in a sigh.

"Just here. There's a portal that seems to congregate them within a five-mile radius of Ephemeral. If they go undetected, they can navigate the woods as far as they like, but, as far as I know, the Counts don't give them a day pass. A few of them have figured out a way to escape, and the gateway just so happens to be right beneath our feet."

"Perfect." I close my eyes a moment. "So... zombies do exist." I hold my breath as I say it.

"I think Hollywood dubbed them zombies." Cooper knocks his shoulder softly into mine. "As far as I understand, they've been Spectators from the beginning."

"Why Spectators?" I can feel my pulse quickening at the mention of the creatures. This horror, it's real, and somehow it's swallowed me, and now I'm a part of it, too.

"Because they can no longer live normal lives. They're forever locked up, forced to observe the world, no matter how much they want to reclaim their place in society, they'll never be anything more than monsters."

"How many generations of Spectators are there? More importantly which one am I?"

"Two. First gen is thought to go as far back as the late forties, early fifties. At some point in the eighties, one of their interned scientists finally got it right. She figured out a way to regenerate the cell structure right after death, but it was of no use for the first batch."

"She?" I push into him. "It figures. It took a woman to get it right."

"She happened to be the same one who got it wrong. So if you're looking for someone to blame for the mishap of thousands of immortal Counts, you're looking at the same woman."

"Am I an immortal?" A part of me is numb to the idea that this is all there is to the afterlife. It can't be right. Deep down inside I know it's not.

"Nope, you're just on round two. As far as I know, there are only the two go-rounds, the formula doesn't take twice-and after that, you're susceptible to a dirt nap just like the rest of us." He turns into me. "You can die, Laken. And if you do, she doesn't have the ability to bring you back, but I wouldn't be surprised if the Counts have her working on act three."

I pick up Coop's hand and rub my thumb against his flesh a real long time. It takes everything in me not to lose it. This reality-this suffocating sadness paralyzes the words from passing through my vocal cords.

"And Wes?" It hurts like hell just to say his name.

Coop doesn't say a word.

"Tell me," I whisper. "I really want to know what's going on." I scoot in. I'm depending on Coop for everything. "What did you find out?"

He takes in a deep breath, expands his chest for miles before pressing out a depleted smile. "Wes is nearly a pure just like you," he whispers.

"And the rest of him?"

"Levatio. Not enough to evoke any powers."

"Is he a Spectator, too?"

"I have no idea." Coop shakes his head with sorrow.

"How in the hell did he know I'm one? Spectator equals resurrection, right? That means he knows I died at some point."

"Maybe he thinks you died when you fell out of the tree house?" Cooper twists his lips as though he doesn't believe it for a second. "Or he's hiding things from you."

"I'll ask him." Suddenly I'm filled with the desire to wrench Wesley's balls until he fesses up to everything.

"I wouldn't rock the boat just yet. Wes seems pretty certain you hit your head and from what I can tell, he really cares about you." He lowers his gaze as he says it.

"Okay, so how is he reading minds? Did he steal the brain of some Celestra?"

"No, not that," he says it sad, soulful as if the news he had to give me was far worse than brain robbing. "Look, I don't want to hurt your relationship."

"Bullshit." I call him on it.

Cooper catches my gaze and holds it. An entire river of truths is dislodging itself tonight and his brazen affection for me is part of it. "Okay, so I wouldn't mind hurting it just a little." He measures an inch with his fingers and squints before taking up my hand again. "Laken." He depresses my name in a sigh, as his hair washes gold under the light. Coop looks amazing in every way. A part of me wishes I didn't hold any of the memories from Cider Plains, then he and Wes would be on an even playing field, and who knows where my heart would take me.

I blink the thought away.

He tugs at my hand and smiles. "There's only one way someone can infuse themselves with Celestra powers." He circles my face with a level of despondency in his eyes that terrifies me.

"Tell me, Coop. Is this something I can do?" God knows, I'd like to read a mind or two.

"Yes." It comes out low, as if he didn't want me to hear it. "But you'd need a willing Celestra."

"And?"

"And their blood."

36

Just One Taste

I roll over and bury my face into Cooper's pillow as the feathers poke through the fabric in shards. Just the thought of Wes drinking blood at midnight like some coffin-dwelling vampire, racks up all kinds of insane thoughts of ruby-encrusted goblets and prisoners confined to dungeons. How did this become our life? Me with a zombie contagion and him with an unnatural thirst for life-giving plasma?

I suck in a breath at the realization. "He's a vampire!" I sit up, abruptly. "Wesley Parker Paxton is an effing vampire!" A visual comes to me of him downing bodily fluids in the morning like some grisly energy drink.

Cooper laughs through a smile. "Vampires are contrived strictly for literary purposes from authors with overactive imaginations, or"-he motions-"perhaps a bastardized version of the Counts and their nocturnal infusions."

"What do you mean by infusions?"

"Drinking-absorbs it right into their cellular structure."

"That's disgusting. Wes would never pass the chalice. There's got to be another way. I bet he injects it like a blood draw in reverse."

"Maybe old Wes would never down a pint, but what about the new and improved version?"

God. This is sick beyond reason.

"So, do they have some Celestra drinking fountain in the kitchen at Henderson? Why would Wesley want to drink blood? What good is it to read people's thoughts?" I touch my hand to my chest in horror. "And who is the Celestra in question who's letting the Counts siphon off an artery like it was a straw?"

"No to the drinking fountain. As for who specifically lets them drink, I have no clue. The factions have questioned this practice for years. It's been long since believed that Celestras are either giving it up for cash and prizes, or some of them have been taken against their will, forced to donate and breed on a regular basis." His features darken. "It could be anybody, or anybody's mother."

Cooper hardens his gaze and the air in the room clots up.

"Cooper..." It comes out fragile. "You don't think-"

"Yes, I do." He gives a heavy nod. "Not long after I pledged to Noster, the realization hit that maybe my mother hadn't taken off on her own-that there may have been specific reasons they wanted her. A little while after that, I learned the Counts were drinking."

"Oh my God." I cover my mouth. "I'm so sorry."

"Laken, if you penetrate their system-you might be the only hope I'll ever have of finding her."

"I will." This blood-soaked realization makes my head spin. "Coop?" I give a hard look. "Do you really believe me about my past-or are you just using me?" I'm not sure I'd be offended if he copped to the idea of using me. I'm not so sure I'd believe me if the shoe were on the other foot.

"I really believe you, Laken." He blinks into his admission. "I swear it." He pushes it out in a broken whisper. "It's going to be difficult to prove, but if anyone thinks the Counts are capable of what you're implying, it's me."

I lie next to him and wrap my arms around him-hold him for a real long time. Wesley can hear me, and Cooper can hear me. It's almost unfair.

"I want these powers, Coop. I think they can help me." I push back with a renewed vigor. "Where can I get this blood?"

"Ask Wes." He rubs his thumb along the inside of my wrist.

"No, I'm a baby to him. I'm barely pledging my allegiance to the organization. You think Jen or Fletch would know?" I could get nuclear detonation codes from Jen by threatening to take away her pearl blue eye shadow.

He shakes his head. "It's long since believed there's an inner circle-some breakaway of diehards that take things a little more seriously than others. For some, it's simply an offshoot of their religion, and for others it's a calling."

"That sounds like Wes," I nod. "I need to know what's going on. I need more than Wes is willing to tell me."

"Too bad you couldn't hear his thoughts..." Cooper lets the words dangle to see if I'll take the bait. Cooper laid the trap at my feet, and he's luring me inside. He has no clue how willing I really am.

"I want to know what Wes is thinking, how much he's really hiding from me. Maybe I should fight fire with fire." I run my finger across the inside of his wrist. "Have your father draw your blood, and I'll drink it."

He doesn't say a word. Just studies my newfound resolve as though it were going to cost him his life.

"My father can't know about this." His lips curve with an aborted smile.

"We can get a vial and do it ourselves." God-what am I saying?

"We don't need a vial." Coop dips his chin and tempts me with his wanton desire. He wants me to reciprocate, to meet him halfway and explode in a ball of lust-filled passion. "It doesn't take much blood."

"Excellent." I exhale my relief.

He taps the side of his neck.

Great. This is probably just some elaborate ploy to get me to give him a hickey.

"Can't you prick a finger?" Just the thought of my lips pressed against his neck has me unnecessarily aroused. This is a very bad idea on multiple levels.

"That won't produce the amount you'll need. Blood oxidizes pretty quick outside the body. The purest way to do this is for you to create the incision with your teeth-while your lips are sealed over me." He glances down at my lips and his chest expands in anticipation. "Stay away from arteries. We don't need a bloodbath on our hands."

"I would never kill you." On purpose.

He gives the slightest hint of a grin and runs his tongue along his bottom lip.

I'm still Wesley Parker's girlfriend.

The fact I'm about to suckle off another guy's neck means very little in the grand scheme of our relationship. In fact, when you think about it, I'll practically be creating a deeper bond between Wes and me-that's one lie I can believe for a moment. And, oh my God-Wes has probably been suckling off the neck of some beautiful young Celestra all these months. Just the thought drives me insane.

"You're stalling," Cooper says with all of the allure he can muster. He reaches back and turns off the light at the base, allowing an anemic stream of moonlight to slice through the shutters.

I can't breathe. My heart rattles inside my chest like a gong, and my skin trembles at the thought of touching my lips to Cooper's anything.

I feel horrible.

I try to suppress thoughts of being the world's worst girlfriend and lean into him.

Cooper pulls me in slowly by the waist-weighs me down with his heavy-handed stare. A spark moves through him by way of those sharp sparkling orbs, stabs me in the stomach in one hot bite. He leans in and rests his lips on my forehead, runs his cheek over my hair. His chest thumps erratic, racing in time with mine as though we've just concluded the world's longest sprint.

"Um..." I look up. "How do I do this?" I graze his chest with my hand, accidently landing inside his shirt and touching his rock hard flesh, warm and inviting.

"Bring the blood vessels to the surface." He compacts a smile. "When you're ready, bite down. You should be able to draw pretty easy."

"Okay." My lips bump into his and my eyes spring wide with surprise. "Sorry," I say, getting to the business of burying my face in the crook of his neck. It feels beyond exhilarating running my mouth over Cooper's flesh. I'm not sure if it's the idea of beating the Counts at their own game or Cooper in general, but I plan on giving a full-fledged effort into doing this right.

I push into Coop, take in his warm scent and taste the sweetness of his skin. My body relaxes over his and it dons on me that I'm lying in bed with Cooper Flanders in the most mouthwatering, compromising position. I bet more than half the female population at Ephemeral would have a spontaneous orgasm at the idea alone.

I try to tell myself there's a purpose in this, that it's nothing more than a business arrangement, but I feel something for Cooper that I wish I didn't.

My tongue and teeth enter into a foreplay routine with his flesh. I try with everything in me to pretend that its Wes I'm here with, but Cooper has stained his effigy behind my eyelids. I can't stop seeing him, I don't want to. By some natural inclination, my entire being wants to bless him with my body.

Cooper expels a series of groans under the weight my persistence. His skin transforms from sweet to rust, then gives way to a salty trickle.

"Laken," he whispers into my hair. His hot breath sears over me in short bursts of lust.

I take in several hard gulps then drag my lips over the incision to dull the pain.

He pulls me up by the chin and breathes into my lips, inflamed with a desolate passion. He hedges in with his mouth, eager to meet with mine.

Cooper, no. I say unable to move. If he starts-if he initiates just one kiss, it will take us places I can't afford to go. Already I know I couldn't stop. If Cooper lights the fuse, I'll detonate right along with him.

I'm falling in love with you, Laken Stewart, he says, gazing into me with great intensity.

"I heard you," I gasp.

He gives a startled blink as though he had forgotten all about the nature of our experiment.

"Thank you." I press my lips into his cheek with a platonic show of gratitude. We're going to find out what happened to your mom, Coop. And I'm going to prove to you I'm not insane. The Counts will never see us coming.

We're a team, Laken. He envelops me in his arms as he says it.

We're a team.

37

If the Shoe Fits

Cooper gives me a ride back to Austen House. I hold his hand on the drive home, and he tells me telepathically all about his mother, what she was like, the special things she used to do for him and Marky on holidays, their birthdays. He gives a quick kiss just below my knuckles before I get out of his truck.

I made it pretty clear the safety of his manhood was at stake if he planned on making a habit of gracing me with his lips. Mostly I was teasing, but still, my relationship with Wesley is the most important thing in the world to me. What I need is to find a girlfriend for Cooper-one that won't mind the occasion or two that I'll have to borrow her boyfriend to drain his neck.

"Why are you glowing?" Jen scowls as I pass through the door. A lit candle sits on the edge of her desk enlivening the dorm with the thick scent of cinnamon.

"I'm not glowing." A flood of heat rises to my cheeks. "I just ran up the hill to get here."

"Shut up. I can tell you were with Wesley. That stupid grin is a dead giveaway."

Crap.

I make a concerted effort to flatten my affect.

What the hell am I doing, grinning and glowing? I might have to slap myself for morphing into a full-blown idiot. This is damn serious. I need to figure out what Wes is trying to hide so I can get out of this demonic den of body snatchers, and drinking another boy's blood is the only logical solution.

"You're in a good mood," I say, changing the subject.

She doesn't bother moving. Instead she maintains a locked position with her head resting on her arm, her hair splayed all over the desk like jagged shards of glass.

"Blaine says we need to cool it." She moans.

"Cool what?" They get any cooler, he's going to have to castrate himself just to make it through the next phase of their relationship.

"Cool, us." She picks up her head a notch, exposing the bright red blotches patching her face. She's been crying.

"Oh, Jen," I go over and offer a hug.

The scent of honeysuckle clings to her-makes me miss Mom who wore a gardenia perfume, thick and smothering.

I feel something for Jen, for sure a sisterly bond. I touch my cheek to hers as she sobs into me, soft and steady like the silent bleating of a lamb.

If Wesley hadn't opened his big mouth about how fulfilling it was-what a release it was to be with someone-I wouldn't be in this situation. She raises her head. "I can't even see straight."

I'd ask why not, but I already know.

I head upstairs, lost in the idea that Wesley shared his sex life with Blaine and inadvertently stuck a fork in his brother's relationship. A heavy feeling comes over me because it just so happens the person Wes released himself with was Kresley.

I try to open the door to my bedroom, but it's stuck. I give another swift push, but for sure something's blocking the way.

Perfect.

Jen, in her infinite state of mourning, probably trashed the place before securing her post as gatekeeper, and now she's successfully barricaded us from our room.

I give a short series of pounds and shoves before something heavy slides over enough for me slink my way inside and turn on the light.

A tangle of limbs greets me from my bed, legs in the air, feet protruding in my direction, flexing back and forth-it takes a good ten seconds of wild-eyed staring for me to piece together that my mattress is being heavily defiled by none other than Carter and Flynn.

"Holy shit!" I hiss, flicking on and off the lights like a siren. "Off, right now!" I scream, but they press onward undaunted by the spasm of electricity or my verbal assault. They're like dogs that don't have the wherewithal to understand it's not appropriate to fornicate in mixed company.

I swipe a soda can off Jen's desk, shake it up real good before cracking it open and hosing them down.

Carter falls off the bed, laughing hysterically and exposing parts of herself I haven't even seen on my own freaking body. Thankfully, and rather unfortunately, Flynn snatches my pillow and covers his manhood.

"Out." I close my eyes. I have papers to write and math equations to sift through that I don't even believe a scientific calculator can decipher, and now, I'll forever have the image of Flynn Masterson's ass, which looked like he managed to get an extra pair of feet to grow out of, ingrained in my questionably functional mind. It's all a bit more than my tired, rewired brain can handle at the moment.

Carter jumps into a pair of jeans and pulls on a T-shirt.

"You get a date for Saturday?" A smile bounces on her lips as if it were completely acceptable to carry on a conversation from earlier when I had no clue what her girl parts looked like.

"You're still going with Jackson?" I'm a bit surprised by this, but truthfully, I was just with another guy myself for completely legitimate reasons. "I'm taking Wes," I say, defiantly. Maybe by Saturday, I can have him convinced that I have my false memory restored. Wes can rival any passion that Cooper may have had tonight. Clearly Cooper's affection for me was misplaced because I was grafting my tongue over his neck. Any red-blooded boy would have been aroused, let alone declared his love for me in the event I might have been moved to travel south of the border-well, except Coop. He doesn't strike me as the say-anything-to-get-a-blowjob type. Coop could get women to drop to their knees in the freezer section of the grocery store if he wanted.

I glance over at Flynn as he rummages for his clothes.

There was something genuine about Coop tonight, like he might really be falling in love with me. But everyone knows you can't possibly fall in love with someone in such a short time-that's what infatuation and lust are for, not true love. True love is what Wes and I have.

"Bring whoever." Carter waves over at Flynn before heading into the hall.

"Whoever?" I mock, shutting the door behind her.

I take a seat at the desk and flip open my laptop, completely ignoring the fact Flynn just scooped up his jeans and strolled into the bathroom butt naked. The pipes twist with a squeak, and I can see he's completely making himself at home now-taking a nice hot shower in an effort to sterilize himself. I'll have to burn all the towels once he's through.

My cell goes off. It's a text from Wes.

Everything go OK with the Dr?

I text back. Better than OK. It looks like my memory is on its way back.

I hate lying, but in a way it's true. I'm remembering my past with a startling clarity. Just today I was reminded how I used to bake with Lacey, how I used to help her pick outfits for picture day.

Wes texts again. I knew you'd come back to me.

I stare at his text for an unreasonably long period of time. The entire existence of our relationship weighs on the balance of those words.

It's starting to feel like I never left. XOXO I glide my fingers over my phone and hit send.

Flynn emerges from the bathroom wearing nothing but jeans, his shirt wrapped around his neck like a towel. He sits over on my bed and plucks his socks off the floor as water beads down the curve of his back.

"Found something I want to show you." The words rumble out of him.

"Are we back to that again?" I stare at Flynn in hopes there's something legitimate behind his claim. Instead, I get the nagging feeling that's his go-to line-after all, it worked once tonight.

He drops to his knees and fishes for something underneath my bed. The entire while he's gliding and writhing, I can't help but envision his bare ass right through his jeans. It's like seeing his hairy self, unlocked my infrared superpowers and now I see dead people's asses-assuming, of course, Flynn was once dead.

Flynn extracts his arm, emerging victorious with a black leather wedge in his right hand.

I'm less than impressed with his triumphant find.

"Not mine," I say. It looks vaguely familiar, reminds me the ones my mother used to wear at the diner, and I clap my hand over my mouth. "Oh my God, Casper!"

"Exactly." He pulls it toward him and examines it. His features soften as he takes it in, rubs his thumb soft over the heel as if it were Casper herself. "So it is hers."

"I saw her wearing them the day she disappeared." My chest heaves as I say it. "Where'd you find this?"

"The woods." He takes an unsteady breath.

Knew it.

"What are you going to do?" A thousand insane ideas fight for my attention. Call Wes, call Coop, her parents, the police, the FBI-NASA.

"You're the only one who believed her." He grazes me with his tired eyes. "Everyone else thought she was a loon."

"How many people knew?" God, if she hadn't given me the advice to stop telling everyone I could about Kansas, I'd probably be in the same position.

"She told anyone who would listen, her teachers, friends, the guy at the store bagging groceries. She called the police once, but my parents accused her of having an overactive imagination, of hating them, and, eventually she stopped making it sound like she was being held at gunpoint." He slouches heavily into the shoe. "She had everything a person could want. It was hard to believe the things she was saying." His face crumbles as if right now, at this moment, he had chosen to believe, and it was too late. "You think she's dead?" He maintains a fixed gaze on her footwear as though he might break if he looked anywhere else.

"I don't know. But it sounds like she finally found the answers she was looking for and someone wanted to make sure she didn't share them." There's no way I'm telling him about my run-ins with the Spectators and Fems, that, yes, deep inside I believe there's more than a good chance she's been digested and is dissolving on the planet in the form of vomit or excrement. But maybe they've taken her and they're keeping her alive? That's what Coop believes happened to his mother.

A wild thought bolts through me.

"You said you were mostly Deorsum, but what about Casper?" I ask.

Flynn looks at me a profoundly long time.

His gaze drifts to the wall in front of us.

If it's the answer I'm hoping for, then Casper just might be alive.

38

Blood

"She's a Count." Flynn looks down uneasy as if even suggesting Casper were another species of any kind was ludicrous. "I take after my mom, and she takes after my dad. It's a crapshoot, and that, my friend, is how the crap landed."

We huddle together on my bed, after he rather unceremoniously wrestled a naked Carter right on this very mattress. There may or may not have been contraceptives involved. I guess we'll know in nine months.

"Casper's a Count?" If that's true, it refutes the theory on why the Counts themselves would take her. "Not unless..." I try to temper my insane premise with a lengthy pause. "Maybe she's not related to you. Maybe she really was someone else entirely. There has to be something in you that believes her even a little." I let the idea simmer a moment.

"You think she's Celestra." He deadpans. Flynn knows just what that would mean.

"Why else would they want her gone? To shut her up? They could have done that years ago." I draw my cell quick as a gun. "I'm going to text Cooper. He needs to be here."

"Flanders?" He looks dismayed. "No thanks." He gets up and sits at Casper's desk. He drags his fingers in a circle over the dark stained wood as though that might somehow conjure her.

"Too late." I hit send and hope he's not tucked in bed for the night. The scene with Flynn and Carter goes off in my brain, only this time the clothing deficient boy in question isn't Flynn-it's Cooper. I try to shake the image out of my head, but I see us playing out like some p**n ographic movie-involuntarily recasting Flynn and Carter with Coop and myself. I try to replace him with Wesley but it doesn't work. Cooper buoys his way to the surface. I watch fascinated as he writhes over me with carnal passion, my legs wrapped around his thighs.

My phone buzzes, startling me to attention.

At the library with your other half. B right over.

"He'll be here in a minute," I say, swallowing hard-still bothered by the errant fantasy.

"So, what exactly is it that Super Cooper is going to do?" He lays heavy inflection on the sarcastic moniker. "Check the Spectator observatory to see if she's in there?" Flynn seethes with annoyance.

"You don't care for him, do you?" I'm only mildly amused that Flynn finds the existence of Spectators an acceptable reality. These people are all so seemingly normal on the outside-well, as normal as you can get when you're born into a family that has the ability to stock dollar bills in the bathroom as toilet paper and yet, they have no idea they're trapped in a horror movie.

Flynn takes a breath as though he were ushering out a bad memory and doesn't say a word.

I study his face for a reason why he, or anyone else for that matter, would be put off by Coop, but Flynn doesn't give away his secrets. I consider touching him to pry into his thoughts, but I'm afraid he'll mistake it for an invitation so I change the subject instead.

"About the incident that permanently defiled my pillow-I bid you to move all future fornicating to your own room or that of your carnal suitor."

"Sorry." He blinks a smile. "But I wasn't going to do it on Casper's bed."

"It's nice that you have ethics." I don't mean for it to come out as bitchy as it does. "Just a suggestion, Carter's room is only two doors down."

"Been there, done that." He folds his arms across his chest. "Any other exotic locales you'd like to suggest?"

"Beneath Asterion like some altar sacrifice. Who knows, magical things might happen." Like I wake up in Kansas. Carter and Flynn could prove to be my surrogate ruby slippers.

"I believe a virgin is needed to invoke the black magic voodoo you insinuate. And trust me," he growls as he says it, "Carter is no damn virgin."

"Lovely," I whisper.

I take him in like this with the light from the computer casting an anemic glow over his skin. He looks sad, alone. A part of me wishes I could fix things for him. Bring his supposed sister back.

"I want to tell you something." I pause, reconsidering for a moment. Really I should be concerning myself with the prospect of homework, which I'm still not one hundred percent sold on doing since I'm still not one hundred percent sold on the idea that I'm not locked on a psych unit somewhere having a very bad hallucination. "This is for your ears only, and none of it's a joke," I whisper. "You don't have to believe me, but just know that your sister did." I start in slow and tell him about Kansas, Tucker and the fact his penis had its compass set to other girls bodies-how I was going to carve my initials in his chest just before I ate a mouthful of broken glass. Finally, I tell him about the angel that submerged me back onto the planet. I take a breath and segue over to the fact I followed Casper into the forest that day and leave it at that.

Flynn doesn't say a word, just alternates his gaze from me to the blackened glass of the window.

"What about Cooper?" The words strangle out of him. "He going to come here and tell me he's from New Mexico?"

"Cooper's mother disappeared years ago. Left with one slipper, took nothing else with her."

"Sounds like Cinderella syndrome," he says it wry, but without the proper sarcastic inflection.

"Sounds like that syndrome might be catching." I nod over at the shoe still firmly embedded in his hand.

"Cooper's mom was a Celestra?"

Crap. I'm pretty sure I wasn't supposed to spout off about Cooper's lineage. But there's something about Flynn I trust and I know he cares about Casper. If Casper had any Celestra in her, it could mean the same people who took Cooper's mom have her hostage as well.

Flynn lets it sink in. "I heard something about her taking off, but that was gossip. You think they took her?" He looks dazed. "I thought you'd hightail this news to Wes. Why Coop?"

"Wes." I breathe his name in a sigh and shake my head.

A light knock erupts at the door.

"Come in," I say, hoping it's Cooper and not Jen or, God forbid, Wesley.

Cooper's sweatshirt covers most of the purple welt on his neck, but not all of it, not by a long shot.

God-and he was just with Wesley. I wonder if he alluded to the fact my lips were responsible for the carnage? What if he secretly wanted Wes to see it?

"What's up?" He glances over at a bare-chested Flynn taking up space beside me, clearly unimpressed. "Looks like you've got some refuse you want me to dispose of." He blinks a smile at his barb.

"What's the deal with the two of you?" Individually they seem like the nicest guys on the planet. How are they possibly averse to one another? "Flynn found Casper's shoe. Same one she was wearing the day she disappeared."

"How do you know?" Cooper seems indifferent like he's too distracted by his hatred for Flynn to delve into the situation or even care.

"It is," I say. "I noticed them just before she left the room that day. I know for a fact this is one of them." I take it from Flynn. A long tear gashes through the leather as a living testament to the horror she went through. "Coop," I whisper, "we need to find out if Casper had any Celestra in her."

"Bad news," Flynn says, "she took all her blood with her." He digs his arms through his T-shirt before pulling it over his neck. He doesn't seem all that hot on pursing the lead on his sister anymore.

I'll have to pry into the tension later, find out for myself what's really going on here. This all-out hatred has me more than slightly intrigued. Logically, I suspect a girl is at the epicenter of the turmoil, and yet, illogically this can never be the same girl. They seem to polarize when it comes to the female population. I look over at Coop, and my stomach lurches at the thought of him with another girl.

They might have a seething hatred for one another but for now I need to figure out a way to unite them. I'd like nothing more than to gash a wound so deep into the Counts, they'll regret ever seeing my windshield-battered face.

I pick up Cooper's hand. "You're looking for your mom." It comes out soft like a melody. "And, Flynn, your sister is missing." I pick his hand up in a unifying gesture. "I, myself, happen to have misplaced my sanity, and I'm interested in hunting down all three."

Cooper relaxes into me. "I need you, Laken-Marky needs you to help us find our mom. I'll help you in any way I can." His forlorn eyes signal he needs more from me than I'm willing to give. "I would do anything for you."

"Why would I need you?" Flynn raises his brows, mocking Cooper's intent.

"Does your sister ring a bell?" I'm shocked he had to ask.

"I can try to find her on my own," he shoots back.

"Then you'll have to infiltrate the Counts," Cooper tells him with a curt tone. "See what they're hiding."

Flynn blows a breath through his cheeks, exasperated at the thought. "Shit. I haven't witnessed a New Moon howling session since I was forced to slaughter a rooster and eat it for dinner. I'm not into that crap."

"You don't need to attend any New Moon ceremonies." Coop darts it out. "I doubt they spill any secrets there anyway. Besides, Laken has Wes. He's been around for years."

I shoot him a look.

"Or not," he corrects. He looks down lost in thought. "Come to think of it, I met him about a year ago. But Ephemeral's huge, I don't know everyone."

I take in a breath at Cooper's revelation but decide to leave it for now. "So Flynn?" I start. "You're going to come to my indoctrination Tuesday, right?" I give him a pleading smile, albeit weak and unconvincing. "Who knows what I might get to slaughter. There might even be a shiny red heifer with my name on it."

"I'd bring the barbeque sauce, but I'm averse to Counts with bad attitudes." Flynn says, knitting his hands behind his neck.

"You're missing the punch line," Cooper says. "A red heifer would imply Laken here was of a sacred bloodline, so pure she could perform ritualistic sacrifices reserved only for high priests."

"Wow." I marvel at Cooper and his intellectual superiority. "Thank you." I didn't really mean that at all. But I do remember the red heifer from Sunday school-back before Mom's drinking was bad, when we engaged in life routinely as a family.

"The point is, you need Cooper," I nod into Flynn. "He's the only one who can tell us whether or not Casper has any of that magical blood in her, and, if so, there's a good possibility she might be alive."

"And, if not?" Flynn asks as though he were looking for another viable option other than death. His head drops into a solemn nod. "Where we going to get her blood?"

"We can use tissue, saliva-hair." Coop is quick with the solution.

"There's tons of hair on her coats," I offer.

"What about all those blood drives?" Flynn looks to Coop.

"What blood drives?" I ask as a tiny kernel of excitement pulsates through me. If there's blood, there's hope.

"Every three months we're encouraged to give." Cooper folds his arms low across his chest. He doesn't take his gaze off Flynn.

"It's probably banked somewhere. Cooper, your dad-" I'm interrupted by a hard thump.

Jen bursts through the door red faced and hiccupping, her body convulsing as she ventures full steam ahead with the ugly cry.

"Get the hell out!" She screams in hysterics.

I've not yet been privy to Jen's temper. I guess I would have pegged her more the hissy fit type, and yet here she is going drunk sailor on our asses, wielding her purse through the air like a weapon.

Flynn and Coop jet out the door, and I follow.

"I'll get Casper's blood myself." Cooper looks from me to Flynn. "I don't want to drag my dad into anything." He rubs the inside of my palm warm with his thumb. Thank you for trusting me.

Thank you for helping. I give a knowing smile. I like our shared secret, our own private universe. Somehow this new bond turns the rest of the world into white noise, the only things that really exist are Cooper and me.

We say good night and I head back into my room to deal with the emotional time bomb that is Jen.

39

Playing Jax

I busy myself by stripping the comforter, the covers, and the sheets from my bed while Jen decides to take out her aggression on our bathroom in a fit of insolence. The pipes squeal on and off as they rattle the room with her fury. The toilet flushes at regular intervals as if she's trying to mask the sound of her sobs by way of a violent whirlpool. A loud series of bangs and pops, followed promptly by a lusty scream so shrill that only unbridled pleasure or stinging grief could trigger.

Reality had eaten Jen and spit her back out into the cold, cruel world, left her staggering, lost and broken. I feel horrible for her. There is no worse feeling than that of a broken heart.

I lie back on my bare mattress, stare up at the ceiling, and try to divert my thoughts. I try to digest the fact that Flynn found Casper's shoe, that this was my new reality-that in contrast to what Wes believed, I was right.

Part of me wants to find Wes right now, shake him by the shoulders, swat him over the head with Casper's black wedge, and shove it down his throat once he starts espousing his unorthodox beliefs. The hotbed of lies he unwittingly dispenses are enough to drive me insane. Unfortunately, everything about Wesley Paxton is a lie at the moment. And, if I ever want to be with him, touch his beautiful body, wake him up from the delusions that hold him hostage, I'll have to pretend I believe his ludicrous version of reality. That's the sharpest blade this new world has cut me with, the fact I can't trust Wes. That, in some way, Wesley Parker really is dead.

Jen bursts back into the room slamming drawers and rattling the windows with her incessant thumping.

"What happened?" I lean over on my elbow. I mean I know she and Blaine are taking a break, but this seems to be a fresh fracture of her ego, her heart-both.

Her hair whips around like wet spaghetti. She pauses, long enough to close her eyes and sag in defeat.

"Kresley and Grayson happened." She loses steam as she says it.

Suddenly I feel a teensy bit responsible for what I'm about to hear.

"They came in." She sits down on her bed. "They started talking about, I don't know what, I wasn't listening, then they backtracked and began practically screaming that Blaine left his sweater in their car, from when he was there with Jax."

There it is. If everyone on campus knew about his indiscretions then, according to the rules of trickle down social economics, the gossip had to eventually leak its way to Jen. But did it have to be delivered in such a cruel manner by way of Kresley and the white witch, Grayson? It's finally come to pass that I simultaneously feel like shit and the world's lousiest fake sister.

"So? They're probably just trying to piss you off. It's probably not even true." What am I saying? Obviously not only am I'm vying for the lamest sister award-I'm jockeying for all-around ass**le, too. Maybe that was the silver lining, the real reason I was removed from Lacey's life, so I couldn't cause any psychological trauma by way of a wayward boyfriend I was too inept to report. Although, I'm sure Lacey would fiercely protest the fact I could ever be a lousy sister. She loved me with an undying affection. I could fail to report bigger traumas, and she'd still love me.

"I called him on it." She throws her hands in the air. "And he said 'maybe.'"

"Maybe?"

"Maybe." She nods. "It's his way of admitting it without really copping to the fact he's been driving around with another girl."

God, I hope Jen isn't under the delusion that all Blaine was doing was sitting in a moving vehicle with Jax. Judging by the all-out trauma she's inflicted on our poor room, I think if she knew the truth, there's no telling where that kind of violence might lead-prison, the morgue-both.

"Driving around, huh?" I stoke the fire.

"I guess they've been together."

Still somehow I doubt she means physically.

"If he wants to see her, then who am I to stand in his way?" A fresh surge of tears stream down her cheeks. "You know, I really thought he was going to propose Christmas Eve." She shakes her head. "If Blaine and I don't work out"-she pauses to engage in some serious tissue honking-"you're going to have to break up with Wesley." She says it as fact.

"What? Why?"

"Collateral damage." She takes in a lungful of air. "That will teach the Paxtons to mess with us Anderson girls."

I roll off the mattress and gently kick the contents of my bedding into a ball.

"That's highly unlikely," I inform her. What I really want to say is I didn't suffer through Wes's death, then inadvertently indulge in a death of my own, and somehow miraculously find my way back to him again, only to dump him over some relational malfeasance that isn't even our own.

So? The fraud that parades around as his brother is prone to wander. I don't see why I should fashion a noose and hang our love from the first tree I see.

"Besides, Wes isn't like that." I hitch a strand of hair behind my ear. "He would never do anything like that to me." An image of my lips pressed up against Cooper's throat sears my mind. That was different-it was necessary. If I can somehow prove to Wes that I, heck, that we once existed as different people, that the Counts are the bastards who are running this three-ring necrotic circus, then maybe I could get old Wes back. Every unorthodox thing I'm doing-I'm doing it for us.

"Jen, where do they keep the clean sheets?" I hate to be rude and change the subject, but despite the tattered state of her love life, I will eventually need to sleep.

"You're not supposed to do that. They change linens on Friday's while you're in class."

"I had an accident." Great. She's going to think on top of everything else I've taken to bedwetting.

"Basement." She flicks a finger in the air. "Just so you know, I'm not going to the blood bonding tomorrow night."

"Why?" The prospect of not having Jen there is frightening. Suddenly I need more security than just Wes could offer, especially since it seems like Wes is driving the bandwagon to the Celestra slaughterhouse himself.

"Because," she says, fluffing her pillow with a strangulating motion, "I don't plan on going anywhere ever again."

"There's one place you should go. And if you want, I'll go with you."

"Where's that?" She looks up, bored by the offer before the idea has a chance to fully form.

"You need to confront Jax." That's exactly what I did just before I decided to rip Tucker a new orifice. I would have buried his head in it if fate hadn't jumped in the way. I'm a big believer in confirmation before confrontation.

"Okay," she whispers, "just not tonight."

"And Jen? When you do..." A sense of familial duty surges through me. "I'll be right there with you."

The commons room downstairs is almost void of life. I see Fallon and her dark hair swooped over a book in the corner. Fallon always manages to look pissed off at the world in general, to be more specific, me. Maybe because she's picked up on the fact I'm trying to steal her best friend. Well, not really, but the female species as a rule, is prone to exclusivity and cliques. I'll make an effort to get to know her better sometime. We're both in cheer, so it's inevitable we'll be friends sooner or later. I'm betting on later.

I turn the corner to the kitchen and bump square into Grayson and her flesh-covered hubcaps.

"Going somewhere?" She blinks her thick lashes like the long wings of a butterfly. "Or maybe you have a bad case of the I-just-did-two-guys-up-in-my-bedroom munchies?"

"Excuse me?"

"I saw Coop and Flynn take off." The words drip off her tongue like acid.

"So? What's the matter?" I'm not sure enticing her to anger is the right decision, but I'm willing to dip my toe in that septic pool to find out. "Jealous much?"

She tips her face up and lets out a breathy grunt of disapproval. I can't help but note how alarmingly sexual it looks, how everything about her oozes the exact recipe of what most guys clamor for. She's the living version of every boy's fantasy. I don't know what makes me think Coop wouldn't want to take her on, especially compared to someone who spells out average, like me.

"Looks like you're trying to reenact your role from Rycroft." Her lips curve into the perfect pout. "I've got news for you, Cooper doesn't waste time with little girls." She cinches her white silk robe against her body. Her pale skin rivals the fabric in hue and texture. "He prefers women who would respect him enough to give him one hundred percent of their attention. And, according to your history, that wouldn't be you." She takes off toward the staircase and leaves me stuck on her words like an engine grinding, unable to start.

Grayson is right. Cooper does deserve to have someone one hundred percent devoted to him, and it breaks my heart that it can't be me.

I follow a service door in through the kitchen and down the stairwell to the basement. A long, barren corridor is walled in with bricks that are laid sloppily over one another with cement gushing through the seams. I have a feeling walking around the bowels of Austen House isn't exactly going to help with that mountain of homework waiting upstairs.

The dank walls bleed out endlessly with frail rows of exposed pipes streaming overhead. They tunnel on forever with their corroded joints, their long stretched necks in vivid shades of green. A thick film of calcium is crystallized beneath each one, white as snow, and the scent of mold lights up my senses. A utility cart sits at the end of the hall filled with spray bottles and discarded towels, clueing me in on the fact I'm headed in the right direction.

The buzzing sound of hushed voices drifts from somewhere in the distance. I take careful, quiet steps, in the event I've accidentally stumbled upon Jax and Blaine's love nest. Thank God I've got my phone. I'll gladly snap digital evidence of Blaine rounding out the bases. Morons like him are best left to their own devices, and the hell away from my fake sister.

God-I didn't have Jen tested. What if she really is my sister?

The voices magnify.

Sounds more like two girls. The calm soothing rhythm alludes to a practical conversation, nothing melodic like you would get with gossip, nothing pressured with panic or passion.

A small doorway crops into view just around the corner. The temperature spikes. It's markedly warmer in this part of the basement, downright tropical with the undeniable humidity you would find in the shower or the gym.

The buzzing increases, thick as a swarm of bees.

I hear words out of sequence-the names, Hattie and Amelia echo in rotation like some nefarious chant.

I peer inside a tiny dirty room. Walls drip with black oil. A tangle of large, fat pipes, snake throughout the room, obscuring my vision.

"Hello?" My voice echoes unnaturally. "I'm looking for the laundry room," I call.

The voices break out into a full-blown cackle-the conversation goes on without ceasing.

I take measured steps down aisle after aisle of rusted out pipes, in this, the pit of the boiler room.

The voices escalate in both pitch and volume. One last aisle of metal cylinders obstructs my view.

My heart rate picks up, my pulse quickens. A sharp spike of fear rattles through me. My legs keep moving-my body won't turn. It's as if they're calling me, drawing me in with their never-ending chatter, their haunted voices that hold a reverberation that exceeds anything human.

I wish I never came. I would sleep on a bare mattress for the rest of my life if I could motivate my feet to sprint in the other direction.

Echoing laughter, another explosion of pressured conversation. It goes on like this only louder-more intense with each step I take.

"Excuse me?" I say, leaning around the corner.

Silence fills the air, leaving nothing but my heartbeat pulsating through my ears.

I look past the pipes and see them.

I let out a scream that rattles on for miles.

40

Taking up Space

A thin rail of a girl gapes back at me-hair the color of rust, tattered and balding, dark circles frame her eyes like bruises-knobby elbows and knees, fingers like that of a skeleton. She turns just enough, exposing another girl from behind, a doppelganger, one more grotesque than the last with grey flesh, bones that define themselves in detail through paper-thin skin, both outfitted in dirty muslin sheaths.

The first one breaks out into a demented grimace. Her lips pull back too far, exposing a necrotic gum line-stained teeth with dark outlines.

I let out another short-lived scream that scalds my throat, and it inspires them to disappear in tandem.

"Shit!" I pant at the void in their wake.

My entire person demands I flee, but the thin seam of light from beneath a wood-planked door beckons otherwise.

I speed over and jiggle the knob.

Locked.

I struggle with the door much longer than I'm able to stave off my fear and give one last push with my shoulder before giving up. Then, without a struggle, it opens, light as a feather.

A white glossy hall stretches before me, identical to the one I found myself in the other night with Cooper-the night he seared me with a kiss I'll never forget.

I step inside and head down the over-bright corridor. Cooper works here, well, disposes of Spectators, here. It's so cold, so isolative-the entire facility is illuminated with an unearthly sterile cast. My footsteps echo unnaturally as I make my way deeper in the facility.

Coop said this was the Transfer-what the hell is this place anyway?

A soft blue glow emanates from a room down a carpeted alcove, and I hug the wall before peering inside. Long glass tubes stretch from floor to ceiling. A blue liquid swirls inside with what looks like hair and fingers pressed against the glass. It's not until I'm upon an entire row of the oversized capsules that I see clearly what's floating inside-bodies.

I suck in a scream and run like hell down the pathway from where I came.

I don't stop until I land safe in my bed next to Jen.

I don't know what kind of hell exists beneath Austen House. I don't know why Cooper works at the zombie collection agency or why there are bodies floating in giant glorified fish tanks.

The most horrifying part is I'm pretty damn sure I'm going to find out.

In the crisp, dull morning, clouds as dark as overcoats hover above Ephemeral. The air is saturated with the tenuous scent of ozone, damp earth, and bleach rolled into one. I like it like this, a storm on the horizon, a knit scarf keeping me warm, my undead boyfriend dutifully by my side.

Wes walks me to my first class, and I hold his hand, expecting to decode the basic intrinsic evils concerning all things Countenance. Instead, he lingers on my thoughts. Mulls over my words like reciting poetry. I return the favor by thinking of the ways I love him-how he's still the boy I've always known, sweet, always protecting, always seeking out what's best for me even if it puts him in peril because deep down inside we both know it damn well will.

"I'd take a bullet for you." It seems to come out of nowhere when he says it, but I know Wes is reassuring me-that he'd love me to the end of his days if he had to.

I pull him under an olive tree with its tiny paper leaves, sage on one side, chalk on the other. The multitude of blades look cheery against the grey expanse, like confetti frozen in time-its branches spread wide like an eagle in flight.

Wes is regal in his dark Ephemeral school-issued suit with a bright yellow tie notched just beneath his neck.

"I pledge tomorrow night," I say with a little more apprehension than expected.

God-what if there's a goblet full of blood, or a human sacrifice, bound and gagged, awaiting my hand for slaughter?

"It won't be weird, no horror movie elements, I swear," he's quick to comfort as he squeezes my hand.

"Then what?" I whisper. "How do I make it official?"

"Nothing-just the chant and the blood bonding. It's that simple."

"There has to be something more. When do I get my powers? The strength, the speed?"

"You already have those, you just need to draw them out. I'll take you to Charity one day, we'll practice." Wes is breathless by my thirst for knowledge, but the mention of the lake inspires a new thirst in me-one only his flesh can satisfy.

"Sounds like a plan." I twist a smile. "What about the mind reading and the time travel? When will those kick in?"

I wonder what she would say if I told her. He lets the thought swill through his mind. A vision of a dark forest appears, the primal scream of a woman erupts before he shuts down the thought.

"Only Celestra can do those things." Wes shakes his head. "We're the wrong faction."

"Oh, I thought we were the best." I bite my lip and manufacture disappointed. "I was really looking forward to those abilities. Can you imagine being able to read someone's mind? Pry into their secret thoughts without them ever knowing?" I give a hard look before softening again. "I mean it'd be a terrible thing to do but totally fun, right?" It comes out accusatory-almost giving away the fact I'm onto his deep, dark, blood-sucking secret.

Wes expels a long breath like the tail of a vaporous dragon. His face bleeds out all color as he offers a dull smile.

"And time travel?" I practically bleat out the words for the entire quad to hear. "Image where we could go. Where would you go, Wes?"

"Back to the horrible day you thought it was a good idea to climb that tree house." His eyes pulsate as though he's already thought this through.

"Sounds like it's important we get back there. Avert this entire tragedy."

"Not happening." Wes renders his gaze to the statue of Asterion as it materializes then disappears in the fog like an apparition.

"It's because we're not Celestra." I dig my hands into my pockets. I want to lay it on thick and call him out on the fact Celestra is obviously the most powerful. I have the distinct feeling the reason their numbers are so low is because the Counts have arranged for that very thing. A genocide is underway thanks to their vampire-like efforts-a pretty exhaustive effort at that. The fact Wes would be an active participant makes me want to vomit all over his shiny brown shoes.

"It's not happening because it can't," he says with a hint of sadness. "You can travel to the past, but you can't change things."

"Then why have it? Who would want to have something you could never use?"

"There are plenty of things to do in the past," he's quick to defend. "You just need to know what they are. You want to read about history or see it happen? Read Flaubert's work, or watch him write it-ask him questions." Wes ticks his gaze over me with an artful seduction. "Think about those glory days or relive them?" His eyes widen as he glances past my shoulder. "I have an idea."

"What?" I pant. Wesley's ideas these days may border on psychotic, but they have a remarkable ability to play out like pages ripped from science fiction.

"It's a surprise." His eyes glow a sodden shade of yellow. "Consider it a gift once you're through with the blood bonding. It might take me a while to arrange it, but it'll be worth the wait. I promise."

"Excellent. I'll be looking forward to it." Maybe. If there's not a homicide involved. "I'm ready to gift you with something Wes." I run my tongue over my lips absentmindedly. "It's been worth the wait, I promise."

"Laken." He brushes my temple with a kiss. "I want that, too. I just want your memory back first."

I push up and give him a soft peck of a kiss then pull away and watch as his eyes remain closed, his lips still parted, waiting for more. I lean in and indulge in a delicious surge of my affection that assures Wesley Parker-Paxton that I'm looking forward to doing a whole lot more than chanting with him tomorrow night and every other night after that.

My "memory" is coming back.

And I'll make sure he knows it.

As soon as Wes and I part ways, I go on the hunt for Coop. I find him reading his lit book, leaning against the brick wall outside of Ridley.

A fine layer of mist surrounds him as if he had just appeared in a vat of clouds. Cooper glows from behind the veil. He burns right through it like Vulcan, the god of fire-Apollo lost in his intellectual pursuits.

"There's somewhere I need to take you," I pant, snatching him up by the hand.

"To bed so soon?" He gives a wry smile.

"No," I scold. "Down Coop."

I have a feeling he would follow me into a cave full of Spectators if I wanted, and somehow this brings me an immense sense of comfort.

"I would," he says knowingly, answering my open thoughts. "But, for the record, I would talk you out of it long before we arrived. Have I mentioned the power of persuasion is strong with me?"

"You have that in common with Flynn," I say, slipping my hand back into my pocket.

His cheek slides up on one side. There's something easy and far too attractive about Coop. He's dangerous in his own way-it's like walking barefoot along a sharpened blade. There can only be one resolution to this relationship, and I can only surmise the end result will prove to be painful.

"So where we going?"

"Austen House," I say. "I found a door to the Transfer."

Cooper and I walk casually on the outskirts of campus. He says if we run like fugitives, they'll shoot us down with rubber bullets, but if we walk calm with purpose, no one will be the wiser.

"They won't really shoot us with rubber bullets, will they?" I ask, watching my breath puff out in a series of staccato clouds.

"No." He drops his chin a notch. "This is Ephemeral, they use silver."

I swat him in the stomach.

I keep an eye out for Kresley, Grayson and her ever-expanding bosom, or Wes. It saddens me that I've lumped him in with the tributes to silicone, but I'm pretty sure it would arouse his suspicion as much as it would theirs as to why I'm headed home with Coop, the demigod of the football field, while I resume my role as the philandering cheerleader. I might be accused of offering a private routine in the nude, or a far worse offense-tricking him into believing my insanity.

The front desk at Austen House sits unmanned.

Jen was so emotionally trashed this morning she didn't even bother flinching when her alarm went off, so it's no surprise when I see she's abdicated her post as den mother for the day.

Coop and I stride in as though it were perfectly normal. The house is still lit up heavy with the scent of bacon and maple syrup. We duck into the kitchen and down the basement stairs, into the belly of Austen House without a hiccup.

I take up Cooper's hand, now that we're out of public view, and interlace our fingers-glancing up at him to gauge his reaction. Something in me craves the security, the comfort he offers by way of believing the things I tell him. Cooper's faith in me is the exact safety net I need in this delusional world.

He gives a gentle squeeze and offers the undercurrent of peaceable smile.

"One more thing," I say as we turn down the endless stream of corridors. "I saw these, we'll, I guess they were hallucinations-that or ghosts."

Cooper stops midflight and backs me against the wall as he takes me in. His soft breath falls against my cheek, I can feel the warmth of his body radiating over me, pulling me with its magnetic charge.

"I didn't sign up for ghosts." His lids hover low as he scours me with his silver eyes, memorizing the landscape of my features. Cooper has a way of looking at me without it feeling strange or intrusive. It feels intimate, enticing.

"I didn't either," I say, making a concerted effort to even out my breathing.

His gaze intensifies. The world stills around us. It's happening again. He pulls in just a little bit closer. Another half-breath and his lips will cover mine. I wish I could say that I didn't want him to-that I wasn't dying for him to try.

"Come on," I say, pulling him quickly down the hall. If I had hesitated, just one more moment, I couldn't live with myself knowing what I had done to Wes. It was different kissing Cooper the first time when I thought it was a dream. He initiated it. And this time, I want it as bad as he does.

The musty smell of mold and stagnant water intensifies. We come upon the room full of long rusted pipes that splay out like tree roots-a dripping puddle beneath the largest one in the back.

"They were scary-creepy," I whisper. "They had these dark eyes, and they were frail, gaunt, their hair was falling out. They were having a conversation-more like demonic chanting. I heard the names Hattie and Amelia, and as soon as I screamed, they disappeared, that's when I saw the door."

"And you went in? Just like that?" Cooper seems equally amused and appalled by my moronic sense of bravado.

"Of course, I went in." I pierce his gaze with my own and hold it a second too long. "I thought I might see you there." I try to amend my reckless behavior by stroking his ego. "Besides, I recognized the halls," I whisper, speeding us down the last aisle.

Shit.

A solid brick wall has erected itself in place of the old wooden door. The destination no longer exists. I press my hands against the barricade in defeat.

"It was here." I take a step back and evaluate my surroundings. "Swear to God it was."

Cooper doesn't say anything just gives me a look that suggests I might be generously sharing my delusions.

"Come on," he whispers, "we're missing first."

"It was here, Coop. There was a door, and it led to that place." I shake my head in frustration.

"You said it was late. You were probably exhausted and went down another hall. It's like a labyrinth down here." His kind eyes wince as he tries to offer me the out.

"No, it was real." I can't lose Coop. If I wanted someone who would doubt my ability to tell the truth, I would have brought Wes. "I found this room and there were all these floating bodies in these giant blue vials."

His eyes round out. A quick smile springs to his lips.

"You were there." He breathes with a flicker of excitement.

"You know about the room?"

"It houses dead Counts." He gives a quick nod.

"What are the bodies for?" I can feel the silence pressing in around us.

"I've wondered the same thing, Laken." He stares into me in earnest. "But after meeting you, I think I know."

41

The Bond

"Second generation Spectators," Cooper says, picking up both my hands. "They didn't kill off the project." He cocks his head back. "Too many Counts gave their lives in hopes of resurrection. The Counts want to proliferate their numbers, they don't want them to dwindle."

"So you think the bodies are sitting in some kind of processing center?" I ask, leaning against the basement wall of Austen House.

"I've wandered those rooms for months. I've seen the turnover of a body in as little as one day, and some bodies never leave. There doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason. For sure, it's not a revolving door. If you did end up in one of those tubes a few months back, you're lucky to have made it out as fast as you did." He brushes along my cheek with his thumb as though he were envisioning me there, suspended in blue formaldehyde.

I catch his hand and hold it.

"Casper might be in there," I say. I'd hate to think she might be bottled up like a science experiment, and certainly won't bring up the possibility to Flynn, but we can't rule it out.

"No." He shakes his head, solemn. "For sure don't mention it to Flynn."

"You heard me," I press out a smile.

"Sorry." Coop ignites with a lust-filled look in his eyes as if he were indulging in me as we speak. "I didn't mean to pry."

"No, it's okay."

Wes shoots through my mind-how he doesn't withhold his touch to ensure my privacy, and a slight wave of anger smolders through me.

"I doubt Casper is in one of those tubes, Laken."

"You think those creatures ate her?" God, this is for sure the worst-case scenario.

"I think she's very much alive." Cooper's eyes catch the light and glow an unearthly opalescent. "Turns out the blood bank houses its supplies in the basement of Flanders Institute." He gives a crooked smile. "I ran the tests myself. Casper Masterson had enough Celestra blood in her body to make every Count in the country sit up and pay attention. Why waste good Celestra blood when you could harvest her when the time was right?"

"Celestra," I whisper.

"Too valuable to kill."

"They took her."

I tremble my way through Tuesday.

On this night, in less than a few hours, I will officially graft myself into the anatomy of the Countenance-pledging allegiance as one of their own.

I stand in the closet admiring the strapless dress Jen all but tossed at me to wear for the event. I run my fingers over the butter-soft satin. The fabric is the most vibrant shade of purple I have ever laid eyes on with a black lace sash that ties on the side.

I do a quick change and step back into the room, motioning for Jen to help zip up the back.

"I love the color," I say stupidly as she violently secures the zipper, just missing my flesh by a hair.

To say that Jen has been a little bit stabby lately is like suggesting the surface of the sun is a little bit warm. Since her mishap with Blaine, Jen has officially, and rather dramatically, sworn off all creatures that happen to have a procreative organ dangling from their body.

In fact, she continues to patrol her post as the keeper of the gate with the new psychotic attributes she's managed to amass, no thanks to her animosity for all things male. In addition to hating the people of the penis, she's picked up the habit of accusing every girl at Austen House of hosting the opposite gender in our rooms at regular intervals. You would think the word "brothel" was emblazed on the sign out front, the way she threw accusations around.

"So you're really not coming?" Even though Jen is virtually a stranger to me in this twisted world, we already share a bond, that of sisters, and on a night like this, I'd love her by my side, especially since Coop is off the guest list.

Cooper is starting to feel more like family than anyone here-sadly that includes Wes and Fletch at the moment. I guess Fletch and I were never that close, but Wes-I could die a thousand deaths just thinking of the chasm that's pulling us apart emotionally.

"Can't." Jen plops back on her bed and stares off in a vegetative state. "I need to confront Jax."

"Do me a favor and put off your blowout until I get back."

"I don't know if I can." The words come out as more of a growl. "It's eating me up inside-I just want to claw her eyes out. I've never hated anyone like this before."

That's exactly how I felt the day I confronted that tramp Tucker was cheating on me with. I was rabid. I wanted to see blood, leave a permanent mark across her face by way of my fingernails-a hammer.

"She's a man stealer." Her eyes glaze over. "She's Jax the relationship jinx." Jen leans in as though I should acknowledge this clever putdown.

"Man eater," I correct. It's more like Jumping Jax as in jumping Blaine's bones, or Blow Jax, Jaxing off, I could think of a million-all valid nicknames Jen could never come up with on her own because Jen is about as corrupt as cotton candy.

My cell gives a soft buzz. It's a text from Wes.

I'm here.

"That's my ride. Wish me luck." I give her hand a quick squeeze.

I hope that ceremony is all she's doing with Wes. It's girls like her that give the rest of us a bad name-steal our boyfriends when we're not looking. Jen averts her eyes as she lets the thought pass.

"You'll be fine." She pulls a history book out from her backpack and traces the flag on the cover absentmindedly. In Jen's twisted mind, I'm just as much to blame for Blaine's carnal wanderings as Jax is.

"I hate seeing you like this," I whisper as I head toward the door. "I swear to you, not all guys are like Blaine. He's just not the one."

Jen stares into me with those hollow pools of blue as if I had just suggested the sun, the moon, the stars-they were a hoax all along.

"He's the one." She sharpens her tone. "I just need to make sure those around me understand."

"Okay." I shrug. "We'll load up our socks with soap and trash Jax in her sleep."

I stand and catch my reflection in the mirror. My hair falls in soft, caramel waves down my back, and the dress glows like a lavender star. It all feels more prom than it does cult-like gathering, but nevertheless, Wes is waiting.

I offer Jen a brief wave as I head out the door.

I'm off to swear into the demonic council of not-so-angelic hosts that have hijacked my everything.

Go figure.

Wes drives for miles through the heavily shadowed backwoods.

"How far does the city stretch?"

"County," he corrects. "It spans a good way. Ephemeral sits on the outskirts of Trinity County." He pulls into a clearing with at least ten other cars and trucks already there. "I thought we'd show a little late. Make a dramatic entrance. That way you wouldn't get nervous just standing around. Fletcher has the catch."

"What's the catch?" I ask getting out of the car.

Wes comes around and holds me just shy of the curtain of ebony pines. A light fog mists over my bare shoulders, making me wish I had one of those wool coats from the closet.

"It's a surprise." He takes up both my hands as a gentle cast of light kisses him from above. "I went out at sunrise and captured it for you."

"You did?" I tug at his hand. In its own demented way, Wesley's love for me shines through this eternal nightmare.

"I did." Wes gives a shy grin, and my stomach bottoms out. He pulls back and takes me in head to toe. "God-you're gorgeous, Laken. You outshine the dress, the stars."

"Thank you," I whisper. God, I love Wes.

He takes a breath and leans in. Wes drags his lips slow across mine like a trail of lingering fire. He lights up the night with a passion-laced kiss that demonstrates the sentiments of the bulge he has growing against my thigh.

"I love you so much." The words expire from him with an indelible ache. "You ready to do this?"

"Ready as I'll ever be."

Wes leads us through the woods to another clearing. Candles encircle the vicinity in a blaze of delicate glory.

At least a dozen people stand around a large, flat stone all wearing the same long hoods.

"No way." I pull Wes back. "You didn't say anything about all this freaky shit. I'm not doing this. Take me home." My legs start in on a violent tremble. In less than three seconds of being exposed to their linear brand of madness, I'm shaking like a dog at the vet.

"It's okay," he whispers, rubbing my arm in an effort to calm me. She can't leave. This means everything. We'll never be able to delve deeper if she doesn't take the first step.

I squeeze my eyes shut from the trauma of it all. "Let's just get it over with."

Wes pulls me into the circle and hands me a thick robe. It feels soft, succulent as velvet. The inside is lined with cool satin, and a mean shiver runs through me as it slithers down my body.

A tall man with his face sunk in shadows steps forward and sounds a gavel against the stone. It goes off with a high-pitched thud that vibrates through my bones long after he's tapped the cursed rock. He removes his hood, and only then do I see its Blaine. No wonder Jen didn't want to come. Instead of a blood bonding, it would have been a blood bath. Blaine would be the altar sacrifice.

"Remove your hoods," he instructs, solemn as a priest. "Tonight we welcome sister Laken as she commits her soul to the Countenance and becomes one with us in spirit and community. A fellowship offering is welcome at this time." He sweeps his hands across the dark expanse, smooth like a magician.

Hoods pull back simultaneously, and the circle begins to shift in a clockwise manner.

"Welcome," a light female voice invokes, cloaked in a veil of fog. For a moment, I wonder where I've seen this shadowed face until I realize the dark hair, those pristine grey eyes belong to Fallon. So, this is how we bond-over blood. Figures.

Carter comes up next. "This is so freaking exiting! I think after the game Friday, we should totally do something insane in your honor."

Oh, we're doing it, I want to say. And, frighteningly enough, it's going down right now.

I nod as she passes.

A few guys I recognize from class come into the circle and greet me, then Flynn.

"I thought you didn't come to these kinds of things," I whisper.

"I want you to know that I support you." His eyes dart from me to Wes. "In every single way." He cuts the air with the knife of his words. Flynn wants Casper back, and he's here at the "howling session" to prove it.

It's a relief to see a friend among questionable allies-enemies. Odd that I classify Wes as an enemy even though he isn't.

Fletcher is next.

"Good job showing up late to your own party." He growls the words out. "I have a quiz in Trig in the morning."

I can always count on Fletch to make me feel better.

The circle stops its rotation, and the hoods return to their proper upright positions. It's intimidating like this, in a group of costumed people. Innately, it feels wrong, and everything in me says I should run all the way to Coop and move in with him.

Fletcher reaches under a bush and produces a flapping creature that rips the cry of a small child from its lungs.

What in the hell?

Wesley places his hand over the back of my neck in an effort to calm my nerves. A few more minutes and we'll be bonded forever. He lingers his gaze over mine as he gives the thought.

A spray of beautiful blue-green feathers glint in the dull light.

Great. I'm going to kill one of the most majestic creatures known to man-a peacock.

"No real harm comes to the bird," Wes says before heading over to retrieve something just beyond the stone.

He doesn't even bother to hide the fact he's listening in. I suppose he thinks I'm chalking it up to intuition, the fact he "knows" me so well. In reality, the more he listens in on my private thoughts, the more I'm put off by this new and unimproved version of him. Never mind that I'm still insanely in love with Wes, my Wes. It's just that standing in this bizarre circle of candlelight, playing Halloween dress-up for no good reason, has me feeling pissy.

Wes comes at me with a foot long machete.

"Lay your hand flat against the stone," he says it soft like an apology.

I place my left hand out.

Wes carefully inserts the blade between my first and second fingers just enough to cut the skin and evoke a drop of blood, if that. He wields the knife over the bird and, with far less mercy and plunges the blade into its abdomen. I watch in horror as it lets out a wild shriek before he releases it behind me.

"And now it's time to recite the Holy Creed, Oremus." Blaine bows his head.

Wes takes up my hand and gives a gentle squeeze as the crowd starts in on the nefarious chant.

I am an immortal.

Flesh and bones and such as these are not tethered to my soul.

In this world and outside its bounds, I stand shoulder to shoulder with my brothers.

This pledge is delivered from my heart.

With one another and with God,

We shall conquer and hold down our enemies until they are beneath us like a footstool.

In accordance to the hierarchy, so shall it be for one-so shall it be for all.

"In the name of our most holy Master, welcome Laken." Blaine leads the applause.

Someone lets out an ear-piercing whistle. I look up in time to see Fletcher removing his fingers from his mouth.

"You're one of us now." Wes pulls me in, wraps his warm arms around my waist and gives a gentle kiss.

"I am one of you," I whisper.

Only, I'm really starting to regret this.

42

The Surprise

Wednesday, during first period, Cooper passes me a note. On a rudimentary level, I find this sweet as I clasp onto it, that is, until, Mr. Edinger blinks into existence and snatches the folded square right out of my hand.

"This," he shouts to the rest of the class as he holds the note in the air, "must pertain to our dissection of Flaubert's classic. Who's in agreement with me?" His dark hair gleams under the punitive florescent lighting. "Let's see what we have here." He unravels the paper while leaning up against his desk. "I think you are hot. Hope to find you in my stocking Christmas morning." He leers over at the two of us with a look of feigned surprised.

The class erupts in a fit of laughter.

A bite of heat explodes under my arms. I'm going to kill Cooper.

"I jest." Mr. Edinger gives a dismissive wave.

Perfect. On top of errant information about to be revealed to twenty-six Ephemeral Asses, I have a faculty-based joker on my hands.

It could say anything. It could announce to the world that I'm a Count. It could go over in detail how much pleasure was evoked the night I rubbed his neck raw with my teeth, took in his blood so I could hear his thoughts, hear him say that he's falling in love with me.

Mr. Edinger clears his throat as he glares down at the note pinched between his fingers. "I have a surprise for you." He reads every word with the utmost drama.

A collective ooh circles the room. I sink in my seat a little waiting for the fallout.

Mr. Edinger twists his lips with disapproval. "And what, pray tell does this surprise entail, Mr. Flanders? The G-version, please." He lifts his chin awaiting Coop's response. Obviously he's a little more than amused by our folly.

Cooper takes an uncertain breath. He shifts in his seat before answering.

"I'm tutoring, Laken." He clears his throat. "Helping her out with a paper." He turns just enough to glance back at me. "The surprise is, I finished going over the rough draft a week early, so she can be done by Friday and enjoy her weekend."

"Nice save." Mr. Edinger folds his arms across his chest completely unimpressed. His milky-blue eyes look more cataract than they do summer sky, but he has a charm about him even if he is an ass**le. Sort of reminds me of Tucker, plus thirty years. I twist my head into him a moment. I thought I distinctly remembered him having brown eyes the day he passed out the books. I remember thinking they were the color of root beer.

I sit up straight in my chair.

Then again I was with Coop and Cooper has a way of distorting the world by way of his cuttingly handsome features.

Mr. Edinger continues, "Might I suggest the next time you decide to pass parchment, you wait until you've long cleared the threshold of my classroom. Detention awaits you both. Collect your slips at the end of class." He offers a placid grin. "Consider it a note from me to you-a surprise of sorts."

A titter of laughter rumbles through the class. Grayson catches my eye. She cuts me a death stare-the curve of a malevolent smile sliding up her cheek.

Just great. Mr. Edinger and Grayson didn't believe the lie, I doubt Wesley will either.

After, a solid hour of mentally entertaining what the fallout might be for Wes and me over the incident, which shall forever be known as paper-gate, the bell rings. Coop and I head up simultaneously to retrieve our time-out brand of punishment.

"Be prompt." Mr. Edinger raises his chin with a greasy smile. "I have a date with Ms. Paxton."

"Good luck with that." Cooper takes his slip, and I take mine.

Isn't Ms. Paxton is seeing Jones?

That's terrible. Why would she want to go out with wicked Mr. Edinger? He's a textbook moron compared to my sweet uncle. There must be a disconnect somewhere. I bet Ms. Paxton has a purely platonic meeting in mind, clearly he's misunderstood. Sometimes people just hear what they want.

I wait until we're out in the hall before pulling Cooper under the stairwell.

"So what's the surprise?" I'm breathless at the prospect. He has a charming way about him, something altogether lovely in form and inner beauty. Coop is a god among men, second only to Wes. Something shifts in me at the thought of putting Coop second, like maybe he's not-that he could never really be second to anyone.

He picks up my hand. Sorry about that. I'm afraid I made things worse. From now on I'll wait. His eyes linger on mine a moment too long, inciting a soft roll in my stomach.

"You have something you want to share?" It comes out sweet as a child's poem.

"I thought maybe we could get together later." Coop sweeps his gaze over me with hope.

"After detention and cheer, I have a two-hour shift at the library."

He glances at the floor in disappointment.

"Can you come by the library?" I ask hopeful.

"Sure."

He pulls back and gives my fingers a gentle squeeze. It feels natural like this with Cooper like I could hold his hand forever.

"Maybe sometime this week you can give me a ride to the mall with Marky?" I suggest. "She volunteered your services." The warning bell goes off for second period.

There's a sadness with Coop. I can feel it pulsating off him in waves whenever we're together. Underneath that flirtatious banter he wants something deeper, richer.

"Sounds great." He expresses it with a palpable sorrow. "So how did it go last night?"

And there it is, his grief, his heartache all somehow intrinsically linked to me pledging over to the Counts-to Wes.

"It went off without a hitch. Somewhere out there is a severely wounded peacock in my name. It was twisted."

"Counts usually are."

"So..." I pull him deep into the dim-lit corner. "I'm one of them now." It comes out with a quiver. All I really want is curl up with him and forget the world.

Cooper gives my hand a squeeze before wrapping his arms tight around me.

"You're not one of them, Laken. You'll never be one of them." He bears into me with a look that slices through my soul, and my heart thumps wild in my chest. "You're too good."

It doesn't take long for word of mouth, a.k.a. Kresley, to get back to Wes.

During our nutrition break, Wesley holds me under a spreading Maple with its leaves shagging out all over the navy lawn. A thicket of grey clouds pull across the sky, threatening and heavy, in one bland sheet.

"Heard you scored detention." There's a touch of hurt in his eyes, and I don't like where this might be going.

"Cooper." I shake my head. "I guess he wanted to tell me about some breakthrough therapy his dad has in store for me. Probably involves a key, a kite, and a lightning storm." I try to steady my thoughts in on the lie, not giving anything away subliminally. It's like holding a wall of granite up with one arm tied behind my back. An impossible task that's physically depleting in every way.

"Great," he whispers, lacking any true enthusiasm behind it. Looks like good old Coop can't get enough of my girlfriend. His dimples implode at the thought. "Hopefully the new treatment will be just what you need." He scans over me as if searching for the answers he's really looking for. "We still have to celebrate your indoctrination."

"Sure. Carter wants me to join her at Kettles Saturday night-if it doesn't pour." I glance up at the sky. "She invited us to go out with her and Jackson."

"For sure." He dips into a nod. "I'll bring extra blankets so we don't freeze." His dark hair swoops over his eyes, and my stomach bottoms out. Everything about Wes melts me to the point of incapacity.

"I'll keep you warm." I push a kiss to his lips. The thought of snuggling up on the beach with Wes is a stroke of brilliance. I should bake Carter a cake for suggesting the idea.

"I like the sound of that." He returns the favor with heartfelt vigor. There's a slight patina of sorrow in Wesley's kisses like he knows something is off and who's responsible for it.

I back up and pull my hands around his shoulder, safe away from his skin, turning off the live stream from my private thoughts. This new version of Wes seems impervious to his old life in every way but the sweetness remains, the artist, the lover I long to make my own. He's in there. Some things are impossible to change.

"And who knows?" I press my lips together. "I might just have my memory fully restored by then and we both know what that means." Maybe if I offer up the most intimate part of me-that will lead him back to who he really is. He could find himself while discovering every part of me.

"I'm getting the idea it's not coming back so quickly." A small rumble of laughter trembles from his chest. "Are you sure you want to give yourself to me like that?" There's an uncertainty in his eyes as if there were some mistake, and I would wake up to the fact Wes Paxton wasn't the boy I wanted to be with.

"Are you kidding?" I study him intently. Wes and his serious eyes, his gorgeous blessed-by-God features that practically demand girls worship at his feet. "You're the only guy I've ever loved. The only one I've ever wanted. If I could trace out each day with you by my side, I'd live a very happy life."

"Well, then," he says, picking up my hands and interlocking our fingers with the most serious intent, "I plan on making you very, very happy."

Wes bears into me those bright green sirens and doesn't say a word.

Every day I'm going to fight to get you back, Laken. There's not another day of your life I plan on missing. And, I'll trash a thousand Cooper Flanders who try to get in my way.

43

Stacks

"The classics are all upstairs." Wes concludes his tour of the grand library after I spent a rather uneventful detention session with Coop.

The Roman colonnades that run across the interior mimic the ones at the Anderson estate. Beveled crystal chandeliers dot the ceiling in rows. High up on the walls, each stained glass window tells its own peculiar story. The relief work at the top of the rotunda spans an entire angelic history. I could lose myself for hours just lying beneath the muted colors, trying to decipher the story behind the imagery, decode the secrets whispered through the gilded fresco.

"The Ephemeral library is by far one of the most majestic places I've ever been," I confess, still enamored by the regal beauty that encapsulates us.

"I'll have to rectify that." He gives a shy smile that suggests something I can't quite put my finger on.

"What?"

"Our families went to Spain two summers ago." There's a marked sadness in his tone. "I sketched you by the river, and you said it was the most beautiful place you've ever seen."

It's becoming painfully clear I'll never be able to fake any memory of my well-doctored past.

"I'd like to see that sketch sometime."

"Done." He picks up my hands. "Swing by Henderson, and I'll show you my work." I'll have to hide a third of my stuff, or she'll think I'm a stalker.

My mouth falls open at the revelation. The thought of being the epicenter of Wesley's obsession radiates through me sharp as light refracting through a prism. Our love sprays the walls with its indelible rainbow.

He squints into me and a smile slides up his cheek, as if acknowledging my odd thought. "Game's Friday." He's quick to change the subject. "I get to see you in action. You excited?"

"Oh, yeah," I say, lackluster. "I still haven't memorized any of the routines. I'll be the awkward one that looks like she's having a seizure."

"I'm sure you'll be great." His demeanor darkens. "So, how was detention?" He ticks his head to the side. Bet Coop took full advantage of it and played out those twenty minutes in heaven for all they were worth.

"It was fine-finished most of my homework. I should have detention every day to keep me focused." I give a private smile at his jab at Cooper.

A student appears at the front desk returning a stack of books, thick hardbacks with Mylar dustcovers. I lean over his shoulder as Wes processes them, trying to memorize his actions. It looks basic-scan the inside jacket and place the books on the go-back cart.

Wes gives a half-smile in my direction. "Too much detention and you can land on academic probation which means no cheer for sure." His expression sours. "I told Coop to keep his notes to himself."

"You did?" I'm reveling in his jealousy.

"The football team needs him." He shrugs as if that were all that was at stake. "He's one of our best defensive linemen."

"I'd hate to be responsible for removing one of Ephemeral's star players from the roster. I'll stay as far away from Coop as possible." I dot the sentiment with an impish grin.

"Hello," a familiar voice booms from behind the counter.

"Cooper!" I jump a little at the sight of him.

Shit.

There he is in all his defensive linemen glory. He's wearing a ratty old sweatshirt with a baseball cap pulled low over his eyes, and he gives a seductive smile-proof positive my efforts to evade him won't get me far.

"Hi, Laken!" A tiny voice squeaks beside him. I hadn't even noticed Marky standing there, her face nearly eye level with the thick marble counter. A pink barrette sits pronounced in her dark, wavy hair. I miss all those details about Lacey. Her mass pile of accessories, the Barbie shoes that made sure to find their way under my bare feet during midnight raids to the kitchen. The hair, the clothes, the scent-everything-dear God up in Heaven, I miss everything.

"Hi, you," I say. "Almost ready for the big mall crawl?" The cavernous room has lost all of its pretentiousness. It has a whole new energy with her small happy face gracing us with its presence. It takes everything in me not to comment on how much like Lacey she is-point it out to Wes to see if he'll agree.

"What's up, Coop?" Wes breathes it out with boredom as the two of them stare one another down. You can feel the temperature rising, the testosterone charging the air.

"My dad wanted me to pass on a few exercises for Laken." Coop sharpens his glare before continuing. It's clear that I've inadvertently stuck a fork in any sort of friendship they might have had. "He's at a convention-had to take off for the week but he thought I should give them to her." He gives a quick glance in my direction, careful not to latch on. I wish I could return the favor, pretend that he meant nothing, but I can't look away. It's like he has me under a spell, and I'm victim to his carnal rovings.

"I have a list of books I need to read for class." Marky widens her eyes over at Wes. "Could you help me find them? Cooper said he'd check them out for me."

"Why, I'd be happy to, young lady." Wes moves around to the other side of the counter and examines the list. "Nice. You're going to be one smart cookie once you read all these. Let's go."

Marky turns back and winks at me as they walk off toward the back. It's obvious Wes was just tag teamed by the Flanders' brother-sister breakup brigade. I can't help feel a little sorry for him.

"What's up?" I straighten a pile of books in front of me. I try to focus in on their dull ragged covers, the gilded lettering along the spines vying for my attention, but I revert back to Coop like a spring.

"This." He produces a frail-looking sepia picture encased in a plastic sheath. It's a photo of a small group of girls each sporting short, dated hairstyles iconic of the fifties, long smooth waves flip up toward the bottom. He glides his thumb over two girls standing in the back row. "Amelia and Hattie Tobias. Identical twins."

Something about those dark eyes, their haunting expressions, feels strangely familiar.

"What about them?"

"I did some digging and found out Ephemeral has a consistent record of students disappearing."

"What?" I hiss. "You think they were Celestra?"

"There's no real way of knowing." He entombs the picture between the pages of his lit book. "Most were listed as runaways." Our eyes lock strong as concrete-an entire hornet's nest of possibilities flies between us.

"Then there's a good chance Casper's still alive-your mom, too." It comes out sad. "People being held against their will." I shake my head. "People taking the role of complete strangers. What the hell kind of demonic mind comes up with this stuff?"

"It's not one person." He leans in. "It's an entire group of people who justify their actions through the propagation of their kind."

"The Counts," I say it lower than a whisper because now I'm one of them. I've grafted myself onto this madness, and in some way I feel responsible for the carnage.

"We need to find my mom and Casper." Cooper gets lost in a faraway stare.

I can't imagine what it would feel like knowing your own mother is being milked for blood, treated like a lab experiment and made to suffer.

"What's with the creepy picture?" I reach forward meaning to touch his lit book but end up laying my hand over his in an effort to comfort him.

Coop drops his chin into his chest and gives a sad smile. "You mentioned when you saw those girls-beings the other night, that there were two of them."

"They were saying, Hattie and Amelia." I gasp at the prospect. "Can I see that picture again?"

He pulls it out just enough for me to see their faces.

"The girls I saw were balding, emaciated and scary." I shake my head. "But those eyes." Those sad elongated orbs look desperately the same.

"If you lose enough blood, you become anemic." Coop's heated breath skims over my cheek with the scent of fresh mint. "With severe anemia, your hair falls out, you can lose it in patches just the way you described. If they weren't being fed, or they refused to eat, they'd become emaciated."

"You think I saw Hattie and Amelia's ghosts?" Tears well up in my eyes at the thought of what the Counts had done to them. How they ended their days so frighteningly monstrous. "Coop..." I breathe his name out in a sigh. I want to lunge across the counter and pull him in. The fact he believes the things I tell him merits him an Olympic worthy medal-he's already taken gold in the event of my affection.

"I know you saw them." He sears me with a solemn gaze. "And, the fact they opened a portal into the Transfer leads me to believe they're trying to help you in some way."

"You think they're responsible for the pictures? The hatbox, your pillow?"

"No." He shakes his head. "I still think you've managed to tick off whoever is in charge of the brainwashing department or maybe someone else entirely."

"You think I'm in danger?" If the Spectators and Fems were any indication, I'd say yes.

"I think we both are."

44

Cold as Ice

I find Jen writhing over her rose covered quilt when I get back, moaning into the pillow like an injured pigeon.

Suddenly, I want to be anywhere but trapped within these four cloistered walls with poor broken-hearted Jen. It reminds me of how much I was hurting when Wes and Fletch died, and how I wallowed in misery when Tucker riddled me with Megan Bartlett-shaped bullets to finish me off.

With my homework covered for the night, these last few hours of the evening are going to be torment listening to Jen groan like she's slowly having her head severed. Her tears double as a waterboarding device, which have somehow harnessed the power to torment me as well.

Maybe I should hightail it over to Henderson and beg Wes to let me see his sketches-those beautiful oil paintings that seem to speak to me more than life itself.

Hide a third of them-I huff a laugh at the thought. He fleshed me out onto those canvasses before I even existed in this world. Wes and his love are wrapped around me like a very tight coil. All of the manipulation in the world couldn't keep the two of us apart-from unfolding like some macabre fairytale.

"Fletch is taking me to dinner." Jen sniffs into her spontaneous admission. "Wanna come?"

"Sure."

"Guess what?" Her tone sharpens as she jabs the air with her words.

"You told Blaine to go to hell, and now he wants you more than ever?" I lie back on my bed and stare up at the ceiling as I bathe in the possibilities. "Welcome to boys 101. They always want you when they can't have you." That does seem a rather rosy scenario for Jen's case.

I wonder if that's what's gotten into Coop? He knows he can't have me. That might explain the sudden uptick in interest.

"No." She looks dazed as if the idea in general confuses her. "Mars said she saw them together-more than once."

"Knew it," I hiss the words out. "So, what are you going to do?"

Lopping his balls off with a rusted razor sounds like a reasonable solution.

"I'm going to do what any other girl would do. I'm going to tell her to back off and get her own darn boyfriend."

"You sure you want to be that harsh? And that language alone might tarnish your reputation." I push out a frustrated breath. Obviously my attempt at sarcasm is lost on her. Jen's overzealousness in the religion of Polly Anna is exasperating on so many levels. "Listen, I wouldn't necessarily go that route."

I decide against encouraging her to employ the use of actual expletives if the opportunity arose. "Look, I didn't want to say anything, but there's a rumor going around that they do a lot more than talk when they're together." I say it extra slow should the R-rated version, also known as the truth, cross her mind. "I think maybe you should just forget about him in general. I'm telling you, there are a lot nicer guys in the world than Blaine Paxton." Doubtful that's his bona fide moniker. Like everything else at Ephemeral, he's probably just another counterfeit.

"I know." She closes her eyes a moment. "I know they've seen each other. And he's been courting her behind my back."

"Courting?" I give a disbelieving blink. "What is this? Dating circa 1865? According to reliable sources, they've exchange oral affections when it is clearly neither a holiday nor birthday, and from what I hear, said exchanges were anything but chaste."

Jen sits petrified, stiff as a statue.

"He would never do that." Her face bleeds out all color and for a brief moment, I'm afraid this conversation might have aneurysm-inducing properties that hold the ability to kill faux Jen.

"I really don't know what they do." A surge of regret fills me. "It's just hearsay, sometimes the truth lies in the middle, but in all honesty, even the middle doesn't paint such a pretty picture." It paints p**n ography is what it paints, but I leave out that little tidbit.

"I'll have to talk to Blaine." Her features sag with the gravity of the situation.

"You should probably approach Jax first." Like with a sledgehammer. "You know, gather your ammunition." Again, sledgehammer.

"Let's go." She pulls me off the bed, and we head out the door.

I follow Jen in her quickened state of irritation as we wrap around the long hall and stop abruptly in front of a door with a poster of a cat dangling from a rope to greet us.

Jen starts in on a series of barely audible knocks, so I step forward and explode a few good pounds, feel the solid wood vibrate under my command-swear to God that cat almost fell off the damn rope with my grenade like blows.

"Yes?" Jax answers the door in all her copper glory, wearing a tight-fitting sweater dress and heels. She looks beautiful, unmoved by our hostile actions. The pissed-off look on Jen's face means nothing to her, which is consistent with a theory I've been harboring-deep down inside most cheats are sociopaths.

"I have choir." Jax widens the door to charitably let us in. "Make it fast."

"Stay away from Blaine." Jen gets right to the point, only she lands the statement with a slight uptick, and it ends up sounding more like a question.

"I do stay away from Blaine-Blaine finds me." She takes a bold step in Jen's direction. Her short hair hugs the curve of her face, accentuates her sharp molded features. "Look, the show is over for you guys, so why don't you just do us both a favor, and remove yourself from the equation."

I take in a breath at her audacity.

"I think it's you who needs to remove herself from the equation," I say, maneuvering in front of Jen. What the hell is this girl's problem? Can't she see that Blaine is cutting poor Jen's fragile heart out with a machete that would clearly be better put to use lopping off his balls?

"You're a boyfriend snatcher," I say butting up against her. "Those happen to be my least favorite people. You'd better watch your back." Okay, so I'll think of something far more threatening later when I'm mulling over the situation in lieu of sleep.

"I didn't purposely set out to steal anybody's boyfriend. He came to me." She shakes her head at Jen. "And FYI-I think you're the one who needs to stay the hell away from my boyfriend. Things have changed, Jen." She bites down a smile. "You're the one who'd better watch her back."

The oxygen in the room dissipates. You can feel the angst rising swift as mercury in the desert afternoon. I half-expect the windows to burst from the animalistic pressure building.

Jax snatches up her purse and takes off without another word.

"I'm so sorry," I say, offering Jen a hug, but she recoils my efforts.

"It's time to get even," she hisses.

It's safe to say I'd go along with just about anything to help Jen out with this one since I clearly have a transference issue with Jax and every girl Tucker Donavan ever cheated on me with.

Jen convinces me into helping her haul two giant buckets of ice all the way from the kitchen and dumping them in both beds just to make sure we actually land Jax's mattress in a state that matches her frozen heart. Jen pulls up the covers and smooths out the comforters as though there were bodies lying in state.

"Let's get out of here," I say. I'm not sure what the penalty will be for such stupid debauchery, but I'm betting it's a sure fire way to get me out of cheer. I can smell the academic probation a mile away.

"Not yet," Jen snatches a pair of scissors off the dresser and heads into the closet.

"Jen?" I walk in and witness a hacking spree as Jen cuts through jeans and sweaters at an alarming rate.

"What the hell are you doing?" I snatch her arm back. "She's going to know it was you, genius."

"That's the point, Laken." Jen abstains from dissecting the uniforms that hang lifeless in the back of the closet-figures. She picks up a pair of furry boots I've specifically seen Jax wear on several occasions and spits into them.

"Jen, stop." I take her by the wrist before she has a chance to commit any more loogie-based offenses. "You're going to look back one day and realize this is all Blaine's fault. If he wants someone as stupid as Jax, let him have her." He will anyway, with or without her permission.

"Blaine is mine." She needles into me with a glassy stare.

"You don't own people, Jen. Let him go." Then again, she is a Count, owning people seems to be an inherent character flaw.

Jen explodes in a fit of rage, yanking clothes off hangers at random. She gives a violent kick, dismantling a neat row of shoes that detonate into the far reaches of the closet.

"I'm not done with Jax." She storms out and heads for the door. "I'm not done with either of them."

45

Falling for You

Fletcher drives us to a Mexican restaurant on the outskirts of town, called Maria's. Jen sulks all the way over, which goes blissfully unnoticed by Fletch, so when we hit the entrance to the colorfully decorated establishment, and Jen starts bawling like a baby, it more than catches him off guard.

"What in the hell's wrong with her?" He wrinkles his brow, seriously stymied as to why Jen just sprinted toward the bathroom full throttle.

"She has a broken heart," I whisper. It's bad enough Jen caused a scene. Fletch isn't exactly helping by shouting obscenities.

"Good evening." Cooper appears, holding a stack of menus. "Welcome to Maria's." He's slow to beam his resplendent smile, but when it arrives, it lights up the room brighter than the sun, leaves me feeling disoriented and hungry for his touch.

"Are you stalking me?" I bite down a laugh. I'm more than thrilled to see Cooper anywhere, anytime.

He tilts his head thoughtfully. "I, Laken"-he starts with a playful smile tugging at his lips-"am an employee." There's a slight sarcastic inflection. He's enjoying this. "And I assume you're here as a patron, so technically it would be impossible for me to do the stalking. I think the better question is, are you stalking me?" He holds back his smile, but it plays on his lips, shines in his eyes.

I don't know why I couldn't put two and two together. Of course Cooper works here. He welcomed us and happens to be holding a stack of menus as thick as a dictionary.

"Me stalking you? Don't you wish." It comes out far sultrier than I want it to.

"Three please," Fletch interjects.

I wonder if Fletcher picked up on our flirtatious banter? I wonder how much I risk losing with Wes each time I unwittingly play this game.

Cooper extends his hand and lets me go first, navigating us through a dim pathway over to a booth near the back.

The tables are adorned with lace tablecloths pressed under glass. A small red votive burns bright in the center. White carnations poke sadly out of a chipped crystal vase, and yet it lends a certain charm to the place.

A group of girls giggle across the way and arouse my attention. I look over to find Kresley and Grayson... and Carter sitting with them like a traitor.

Great.

"Laken!" Carter jumps ship and appears at our booth in less than two seconds flat. "Hi, Fletch." She offers a starry-eyed gaze and relaxes her shoulder into his. Something tells me I was just a nice segue into having dinner with my brother. Why she would willingly trade Jackson in for Fletch is beyond me. Jackson is gorgeous and a seemingly all-around nice guy. And Fletch is, well, Fletch.

"Hey, Coop?" I hesitate before sitting. "Can you point the way to bathroom? I seem to have misplaced Jen."

He ticks his head and leads the way.

I follow Coop as the scent of deep fried tortillas gives way to the gentle fragrance of his cologne. Even from behind, Cooper is stunningly gorgeous. His white dress shirt makes his back look twice as expansive as it does in his dark school blazer. It's no surprise he's a force to be reckoned with on the football field, probably the bedroom, too.

I molest his body top to bottom with my heavy gaze and notice the heel of his left shoe disconnects with each step. It had never occurred to me until now that the Flanders may not be locked and loaded and financially ready to blow dough like the rest of the Ephemeralites in this fantasy world. But if his humble home, his well-worn truck, and dilapidated shoes were any indication, then, yes, I'd say that qualifies Cooper Flanders as fiscally normal in every possible way.

He lands us inside a service entry painted a dark azure blue, no restroom in sight. The whites of his eyes glint happy to see me, but if I didn't know better he looked a little embarrassed at the same time.

"What size shoe do you wear?" I ask, as he leans in, backing me against the wall.

"Why?" He gives a dry seductive smile that could reduce every female in a ten-state radius to volunteer as his sex slave.

"Because..." The word drags out of me like a song. "I'm going to judge your manhood." I avert my eyes. "I'm going to buy you shoes, that's why."

"I think I'd rather be judged." He flat lines. "Thank you, but I don't need for you to buy me shoes, Laken."

"Why not? I have access to thousands of dollars. I can buy you shoes in every color. You might even get promoted because of your festive footwear." I'm quick to fire off that last crack without actually computing that he might think I took a jab at the fact he's a waiter.

"I can buy my own shoes. I promise, I'm not destitute." He looks past my shoulder briefly. "In fact, I'll treat you guys to dinner."

"No." I shake my head. "You'll eat up all your tips. I used to work in a restaurant. I know these things." Ironic because I seriously doubt anyone else has ever referred to the diner I used to work at as a restaurant. "Plus, you up the odds of being fired before midnight for 'treating' your friends."

"I wouldn't get fired. I'll be paying for your food." His eyes round out. "Look, let me get your dinner tonight, and you buy yourself a pair of shoes in every color."

"No and no." I try to hide my irritation as I interlace our fingers without thinking. "I'm buying dinner and the shoes, and there's not a damn thing you can do about it." I reach up and brush his cheek with the back of my hand. Of all the people at Ephemeral, I'm sorry it was Coop who got the financial shaft.

Cooper compresses a sigh and plucks his hand free from mine. "I don't need or want your pity." He darts his gaze back into the restaurant. "Jen's on her way back to the table. Excuse me," he says it low as he speeds into the kitchen.

I find Jen with her head on the table collapsed over her arms while Carter and Fletch conduct a lively conversation regarding the benefits of silicon br**sts.

"What do you think, Laken?" Carter starts. "Should girls enhance their bodies with manufactured parts just to please men?" She glares at me openly as if somehow I were responsible for both the manufactured parts and the females that flock to have them inserted in delicate places.

"I don't know." I slide in next to Jen, completely numb from the fact I've successfully managed to both insult and piss off Cooper without putting too much effort into the situation. "If it makes you feel more confident but probably not."

"See?" Carter playfully smacks Fletch across the chest. "Plus, they're not really hers, so it should be a turn off."

"Oh, they're hers," he's quick to correct. "Trust me. She's got the receipt, and they are very much not a turn off."

It takes a minute for it to register that the wonder twins in question belong to Grayson. It's not until I look over at her do I notice she's unbuttoned her blouse to expose her extra-large, extra-enhanced decollete. It looks like she's got a toddler hostage in her shirt, and his naked ass crack is hanging out the front. It's totally freaking obscene.

Cooper appears with two large dinner platters and sets them down before her and Kresley. He successfully blocks the two of them with his body, but I can hear the bubbling laughter stream from Grayson like a chortling orgasm. Cooper sways as he carries on a conversation. He looks more than happy to linger and engage in just about any topic with the two of them-something tells me shoes in any shape or style are not being discussed.

I'm such a moron.

Note to self-never try to force a rainbow of footwear on unsuspecting males, especially when the male in question is Cooper I-eat-mortals-for-breakfast-Flanders. I should have bowed at his feet rather than pointed out any iniquity in them.

Cooper strides over and looks decidedly dejected as he pans the table-as he should, being there isn't one ounce of cle**age that can entertain him quite as effectively as the last table could.

"You guys want the usual?" he asks, looking down at his notepad.

"Number 3." Fletch nods.

"Me, too." Carter is quick to echo.

Jen nods into her tears and Cooper makes a note.

I haven't even had the chance to open the menu let alone peruse it.

"I'll take whatever Jen is having." I imagine it's mild and tolerably boring in every way, much like Jen herself.

Cooper trades his stone features for a slow spreading smile. "Jen is having water with lemon. She doesn't eat here."

"Oh-" I bounce open the menu and am met with unreasonably tiny fonts, far too many options, and pictures of unfriendly looking burritos. "I'll take what they're having." I point across the table.

"Three number three's, coming right up." He twitches his brows amused before collecting the menus and disappearing.

"So..." I lean into Fletch. "What's going on with Grayson?" I whisper her name in fear of calling the demon over. "Aren't you seeing her?" I could care less that Carter is here trying to navigate her way into my brother's pants. More important things are at stake like Grayson trying to navigate her way into Cooper's pants.

"Things are moving along." He gives a secretive nod as if covert ops were being discussed.

Obviously, they're not moving along quick enough.

"She's not that into you." Carter is quick to deflate his ego. "She's all the time going on about Coop. Why do you think she's here tonight?"

I should eviscerate Carter from under the table with my fork. Instead, I sink in my seat and watch as Cooper goes back over to their booth and refills their glasses to the brim for no good reason.

Grayson beckons him to stay, to take a quick seat, and he complies without hesitating.

I officially hate Grayson Evans. And, I'm starting to hate myself for falling for a boy I have no business falling for. But, it's Cooper, and, really? Who could blame me?

"She's plenty into me." Fletch leans over and spots Cooper in their breasty midst and frowns. "Flanders can take her for a test drive if he wants, but she'll be mine by midterms."

I don't know what I find more horrifying, the fact I've all but admitted to myself that I'm falling for Cooper or the fact that Fletcher just publicly displayed he's a full-on imbecile. Then again, I'm totally rooting for him to end up with Grayson way before midterms.

Cooper turns around as though he heard my thoughts from a distance and offers a passive smile.

Heat rises to my cheeks, my stomach does a harsh roll and I have to look away.

Good God, I am falling for Cooper Flanders-harder and faster than I ever thought possible.

46

Midnight Run

When I get a text in the middle of the night from Flynn asking to meet him by the dumpster behind Austen House, of course I do it without hesitating because, A, I am formidably addicted to fresh night air, and B, I'm still hopped up from the caffeine I had earlier.

The night sky is lit up like a lantern with a swirl of white fog dancing in plumes. I don't ever remember magical nights like these back home-breathing in the precipitous universe, inhaling and absorbing it as it seals over my being like a membrane.

I spot Flynn under a well-lit eave. His hands are securely buried in his pockets and his face tucked into a scarf with his jacket zipped to his nose.

"What's going on?" I ask, pulling him under the patio away from the trash bins. The stench of sour milk spikes through my nostrils-ruins the efforts of the pines as they bleed their rich scent into the night.

"I was getting ready for bed when found this in my sock drawer." He produces a roll of paper from out of his jacket. He unfurls it and shines his phone over it revealing a picture. It's Flynn and me lying in bed. It looks suggestive. He's not wearing a shirt, and I'm touching his chest. I recognize it from that night he was with Carter. I was pushing him away.

"What does this mean?" I look up at him.

"You tell me. You have cameras set up in your room?"

"Not that I know of." I examine Flynn as his hair illuminates a gentle glow. "I don't think humans are taking these pictures." I take a breath and tell him about the picture of me and Cooper sans the lip-lock.

Flynn exhales, and a swirl of fog enwreathes him like a halo.

"Wes thinks maybe I pissed off the Fems."

"Why would Fems care about who you're with?" He shakes his head dismissively at the theory.

"Maybe it's a warning to stay away from the two of you." Really, if creatures from the netherworld are trying to manage my love life from afar, they should consider being a little more blatant, like leaving a detailed list of demands. These erotic pictorials are confusing the hell out of me. Maybe it's better if I just stay away from Cooper and Flynn.

A hot burst explodes through my abdomen at the thought of cutting Cooper out of my life.

"Shit," Flynn hisses, dropping the picture in haste. It flickers in flames before petering out in ashes. Flynn stomps out the loose embers with an aggressive show of violence. "What the hell?"

"That's the kind of week I've been having." I fill him in on Tobias sisters.

"Cool-are they good looking?"

"They're hideous," I say, disgusted in his ability to size up the opposite gender whether or not they're currently sporting breath in their lungs.

"Never mind." He gazes out into the blank white night. "Keep 'em the hell away from me."

The windows to the upper level of Austen house dim one by one.

"I'd better get back," I say, pressing a hand against his chest. "Do me a favor, don't tell Wes about any of this."

"I won't, but I want something from you, too."

"What's that?" If his request is at all sexual in nature, I'm pretty sure I'm going to introduce my knee to his ball sack.

"I don't want to be kept in the dark." Gone is the playful Flynn as he washes over me cold as stone. "You may never find your way back to Kansas, Dorothy, but I'm for damn sure going to find my sister."

Friday after school, Carter and I go over to the swimming facility where Wes is showing off his water polo prowess.

Wes is a titan of fire, raining down his wrath on the opposing team of Rycroft.

An endless sea of snickers and wayward glances come my way from the students lounging in the stands in support of the other team. I either had no friends, or none of those imaginary people made the trek to be here.

"Don't pay any attention to them." Carter threads her arm through mine. "God, Wes is a freaking maniac out there. He's knocked Miles in the head like three different times. He's going to kill him just for you, Laken."

I try to meticulously scan the chaos in the thrashing water for a sign of anyone who might look remotely familiar to me other than Wes. I can't believe Miles Richards, my fictional boyfriend, is here. Just the thought inspires a thin rail of anxiety in me. Every now and again a few different boys glance up in our direction, but it's not until the last whistle blows and bodies emerge from the water that I see someone heading over.

It's unnerving to see so many boys in their Speedos, their well-toned bodies glossed with water-the noticeable bulges that sit centered below their hips.

"There's Miles!" Carter squeezes my arm with a death grip.

The boy she's eyeing snaps off his crimson rubber cap and shakes out his hair.

"Here he comes," she squeals.

My stomach lurches as I take in his features. He looks slightly familiar. Even with his face pinched in anger, he looks handsome-dark hair, light eyes, but in general he does nothing for me. I'm pretty sure I wouldn't go out with him in any lifetime.

"Hey, Lake." He nods over to me as Carter and I make our way out of the stands.

My stomach seizes at the sight of him.

If I don't remember him, why the hell am I having such a visceral reaction?

The green light of the exit calls to me, and I head over without acknowledging his brief hello.

"So what's going on?" He strides up next to me. "You too good to talk to me now? You won't even look at me?" His voice cracks as if he's about to lose it, and I snap my head back in his direction. In the recesses of my mind, I see the two of us locked in an argument and I try to shake the thought away.

It's either a genuine memory or one that was programmed incorrectly. Right about now, I'm hoping for the latter.

He steps in and circles my face with a resolute sadness.

"I'm sorry for everything, Laken, and I forgive you." He glides in and smooths his lips over mine before I can protest. An image appears of the two of us-me on the ground in a tangle of bodies, Miles above me with a clear look of shock.

"Get the hell away from her." Wes growls as he snatches him by the arm. Wesley walks him backward and slams him up against the wall with a violent force. I can hear their voices thundering, all threats and hatred.

Miles shoots a cutting look over at me. His eyes bloom with hurt as if whatever Wesley told him managed to magnify his ache.

I feel sorry for this strange boy the Counts have thrown my way. I feel horrible for being mildly responsible for breaking his heart, even if it is completely fictitious.

"Let's get out of here." Carter pulls me toward the exit.

We hit the threshold to the facility without looking back, and Wes appears by our side with a towel wrapped around his shoulder.

"Are you okay?" He darts a kiss just under my ear and takes up my hand.

"Yes." Before I can go on, Miles emerges nursing a swollen lip. He jets on over, spearing me with a look just this side of hatred.

"He's going to ruin you worse than the ass**les you screwed around with," he says it with a thin seam of blood trickling over his lip. "You'll come back to me, Laken." He bears into me with a hypnotic stare. "You always do." He pushes out into the crowd and heads toward the gym.

I'll never go back to him. There's nothing in me that even believes I was ever with him. There's no one for me but Wes, and if I were ever to be with anyone else, certainly Cooper is ahead of this Miles Richards character any day of the week.

Wes blinks up at me with a look of hurt and squeezes my hand. Fucking Flanders.

Crap.

Of course, the only one for me is Wesley, I'm quick to dream up a visual of the two of us rolling around on the senior lawn, Asterion rooting for us in the background like some mythological cheerleader. I can see us plain as day, Wes and his naked limbs entangled around mine-his dark head writhing over my chest in a fit of passion.

I push out a dull smile and Wes swells with relief. The apples of his cheeks burn with color as he takes me in. Clearly, I've impressed him with my late afternoon erotica.

Not one to let a good skin flick slip by, I zoom in on the image of Wes and me in the throes of passion. We roll around on a bed of flaming red leaves as a glazed sense of passion overcomes us both. Wes in all his naked glory lies beside me-my tousled hair delicately covering my br**sts.

Wes widens his eyes and gives an approving smile.

"Fall is my favorite time of year," he whispers directly into my ear. I can feel his longing, the depth of his desire unraveling like yarn as his breathing grows erratic.

"Prove it." I fire it off like a dare.

His lips curve with devilish intent. "I will."

47

Dig Down Deep

Friday night, the football stadium at Ephemeral Academy gleams under the supervision of a million sparkling lights. The papery fog gives off a blinding reflection, causing a whiteout on the field and in the world in general.

I don't notice the other players, the other team. I keep an eye on Cooper, watch as he runs and tackles with expert ease. He's a celebrity among the throngs, he stands out like a divine being among a ragtag group of mortals inferior to him in every way.

During halftime, while the band plays music that sounds like the orchestral section of a theatre tuning up, Wes comes over and offers a quick kiss. His spiced cologne takes over my senses and sparks a thread of excitement through me. His black hair shines with a bluish cast under the harsh stadium lights. His face bleaches out to nothing, leaving the emeralds of his eyes lit up, the outline of a seductive smile tracing on his lips.

Having Wes back in my life is bliss. We may not be in Kansas anymore, but our love can thrive in any universe at anytime. Trying to suppress love like ours would be like separating water molecules in hopes to dry out the sea-an impossibility too great to fathom

"You're a rock star out there." He sears the words across my cheek. "You're doing great."

"Please." I flatten my hands against his jacket. "I'm at least four steps behind everyone else at any given time."

"Were there other people out there with you?" He encircles my waist and pulls me in. "I didn't notice." He bumps his nose into mine.

Wesley's shoulders span out hard and wide like someone shoved a baseball bat in his jacket. He's naturally built like a linebacker. If anyone could give Cooper a challenge on the field, it would be Wes.

Kresley walks by, shines her I-hate-you lasers right at me. She's wrapped snug in a suede coat with fur running up the lapel that sprouts wide at the collar. Kresley is the wolf with a dead sheep slung over her shoulders, looking for comfort in the blood of others.

Wes turns slightly, makes a face as he dips back down and bumps into my forehead. "She giving you problems?"

"Nope. I can take anything she dishes out as long as I'm with you."

Kresley doesn't realize the war for Wesley Parker's affection is long over. She thinks we're both firmly planted on his heart as though it were a checkerboard, each her own queen ready to slaughter when the move is right.

He interlaces our fingers. "There's a party at Melville later-across from Henderson. It's where we corral the football players." He darts a glance out at the field. I'd like to corral Flanders's ass-shove him into the armpit of the forest and see how he holds up under a few hungry Spectators.

A breath gets caught in my throat.

He dots my lips with a kiss. "If you want, I can show you some of my sketches. We can hang out-I can try to jog your memory." He rocks me gently like we're dancing right here on the field. His attempt to keep me far from Cooper is more than working.

Kresley backtracks and openly gives me the finger.

"I'd love to," I say, ignoring Kresley and her special salute to our love.

Wes turns around and shoots a pissed off look in her direction.

Hope I don't have any of her crap lying around. Probably should have mined the place for incriminating evidence before asking Laken over.

"Of course, I have to change after the game though," I offer him the out.

"Perfect." Wes is pleasantly surprised.

"Laken." A girl's voice echoes like a song from the bleachers, abnormally loud but calm, as if it were siphoned through a speaker.

"Who was that?" I squint into the crowd looking for a familiar face, a hand waving in my direction but nothing.

"Who was what?" He turns into the stands.

"I thought I heard someone call me." Just hearing that haunted voice ignites a powerhouse headache in me. Pain crackles through my skull with the ferocity of lightning.

"Figures." He grazes over my lips. "They all want to see you move."

"Right," I say, trying to ignore the pain. I wrap my arms around him and look over his shoulder into the stands.

Two identical girls with smooth blond hair, wave in a nonstop spasm. They have pleasant open faces. Their necks are wrapped with matching plaid scarves. They wear short white sweaters over full skirts. Without warning, they morph into gaunt emaciated versions of themselves-dark hollow circles where smiling eyes had been only seconds before, long, straight hair, balding in patches.

A scream gets locked in my throat as they disappear like vapors.

"You okay?" Wes pulls away. His face grows ashen as though he had experienced every emotion right along with me. "Laken?" He tries to shake me loose from the visual.

"I'm fine." I jolt as if awakening from a very bad dream. "Can't wait 'til tonight." I pant into the words, still rocked from the horror of the sight.

I take a step away from Wes to collect my thoughts in private.

Something is very freaking wrong.

I'm starting to wish I had a pair of ruby slippers on hand. I'd like nothing better than to click my heels together and take us both back home to Kansas.

After the game, as the football team runs loose off the field, I make a mad sprint over to Cooper and offer a spontaneous embrace in a crowd nine deep. I didn't mean to lunge at him, but he pulled me in with that smile, and gravity and my budding affection for him took over.

His arms wrap tight around me as he takes in the scent of my hair at the neck.

I pull back, still shaken at the odd sight from the bleachers.

I saw those demons-those girls again, I say, still holding his hands loose at the fingers.

His head snaps over to the crowd. Where?

They're gone.

"They'll be back." The words stream out as he scans the bleachers. You going to Melville? Cooper looks nervous in a sweet boyish way as though he were asking for my hand at the dance.

I pull away as the crowd disperses around us.

"For a little while. I'm meeting with Wes." I tick my head like it's no big deal, not wanting to get into the romantic implications of what might be happening later. "Why? Is there something you want to share?"

"Nope." He pushes back his head with the slight look of disappointment. He wipes his forehead before dunking his helmet back on. Cooper looks fierce with the black metallic armor, Asterion's gilded horns painted bright on the sides. "I guess I thought it'd be nice if we hung out-at 'the dance.'" He gives a sly smile.

My mouth opens with surprise, and I close it again.

It's strange having people listen in on your thoughts. Having all of your darkest soul whispers turned into a frequency with the volume turned all the way up. I don't think I could ever get used to it. I'm not sure I want to.

"Hey, girl!" Carter pushes herself up on my shoulders and a shower of curls rake over my eyes.

"What's going on?"

"You guys coming tomorrow night? I so want to go to Kettles, but I'll totally be freaked out if it's just Jackson and me. The last thing I need is some horror movie death scene playing out. I'll be looking for the guy with a chainsaw all night." She tightens her grip on my shoulders. "I totally need you to protect me."

"We wouldn't want you to miss out on a good time." Cooper gives a dry smile.

Wes appears and wraps an arm around my waist. "Who's missing out on a good time?" He spears daggers at Coop.

"Me." Carter jabs herself in the chest. "One of you needs to bring Laken to Kettles tomorrow night."

"Oh, that's right." Wes pulls back a grimace. "I can go, but it'll be late."

"Like how late?" Carter stops bopping in place, as if things just got serious. Apparently, beach sex is on the line if I don't make a cameo to ward off chainsaw-wielding maniacs. Although, I think Carter has it backward. I seem to be a magnet for freaky situations. And I'm more than sure lunatics with chainsaws would be welcome compared to the demonic oddities I attract.

"Like ten-thirty late. Sorry." Wes slides out the apology.

"I can pinch hit," Cooper offers with the hint of a wicked grin.

"I'm sure you can." Wes growls. The hard line of his jaw ignites as the fog puffs around him like steam.

I think it's time to put Wesley at ease with a little subliminal reassurance.

I run my hand along his thigh until I interlace our fingers. His warm hand squeezes over mine as his thumb traces out absentminded circles of affection.

Cooper and I are just friends, I start. I would hope Wes knows that. In fact, we're less than friends. I'll probably have to bring a crossword puzzle to stop from falling into the fire out of boredom.

I look up at Wes to see if he's buying it.

"Go ahead." Wes shrugs. "Maybe the two of you can work on some of those brain exercises-crossword puzzles." The long comma on the side of his face depresses with approval.

I give an impish grin.

"Come on," Wes whispers, "I'll walk you to Austen."

We walk through a thick crowd of bodies, and I glance back at Coop who's already crossing the threshold into the gym.

A swell of people filter in between us like a New York sidewalk. There is so much life at Ephemeral-ironic since most of the subhuman populace here probably started off dead to begin with.

I spot Jen all by herself at the concession stand, gazing out with no real focus other than her misery.

"She heard about your brother," I say, nodding in her direction. "She wants to have it out with him, but he keeps deflecting her calls. Maybe you should tell him to grow a pair and talk to her before she swan dives off a cliff."

Wes shakes his head. "He's a coward." He gives a look of dismay. "You want to go and hang out with her for a while? She looks like she could use the company."

"No." I shake my head. "Trust me, the last time Jen and I wallowed in her misery, a whole slew of petty offenses occurred. Besides, I have a feeling she's got a homicide or two lined up for later." No sooner do the words speed out of me then Mars crops up next to her. "There," I say, satisfied, "she has a friend." Who, by the way, has freed me from feeling like an ass for the rest of the night.

Wes and I trek hand in hand all the way to Austen House. With both housemothers at the game, I don't hesitate leading him straight to my room. It's strange living this way, with Jen, of all people, as the closest form of parental supervision. On second thought, Jen might be stricter than my own mother in general. If my mother hadn't drank away her evenings, she might have reinforced a few rules herself. I can't help but wonder how Lacey is fairing. Come to think of it, I wonder if my mother has yet to notice that I'm missing. Save for the stacks of dishes piling in the sink, if it wasn't for Lacey informing her, I doubt she'd miss me at all.

The door to my room sits ajar. I push it open expecting to find Flynn or Carter, but they're both still on the field as far as I know.

The drawers are opened-all of them empty. I bolt to the closet. Everything's gone save for one uniform on my side.

"Shit." I seethe. Jen and her juvenile revenge tactics cost me an entire designer wardrobe. Then it hits me. Casper's clothes were here, too.

"Who do you think did this?" Wes grits his teeth. The thick cords on either side of his neck protrude with anger. Wes wants to feel every emotion with me, live life as one body, two souls just like we used to.

"Jax Easton and whoever she could get to help her. And why not steal all our clothes? She stole Blaine." I fill Wes in on the custom alterations Jen pulled off earlier in the week, the ice sculpture she left in her bed.

"Looks like a shopping spree is in the cards for you." Wes groans before giving into a little laugh.

Marky blinks through my mind.

"I was thinking about going anyway," I whisper, trying to push Coop out of my thoughts.

Wes is amazing against the backdrop of the bare closet walls.

A large etching toward the back of the closet catches my attention. It looks like a shadow, a curtain of gossamer, but upon closer inspection it morphs into figures, and I jump at the sight. It's a black and white image grafted over the wall of Cooper and me hugging on the field, his face buried in my neck, my eyes closed, my face locked in a moment of ecstasy.

"I guess I won't be changing." I pull Wes out of the closet as if it were on fire and blind myself to every thought beating down my conscience. The image wallpapers my mind, replicates itself infinitely like a lurid mental echo of Cooper and me lost in an embrace. It sears into my subconscious like a thousand forlorn lovers begging to be remembered.

I whisk us into the hall and down the stairs in the event there's more photographic carnage pocking the walls of my bedroom.

"I think we should go to Melville." My heart pounds erratic. "I should tell Jen in person."

"I agree."

Jen isn't the only one I want to fill in on a few things.

48

Any Way You Want It

Melville House pulsates from the backbeat of the bass. A live band plays in the commons room and blares deep guttural groans right through the walls. It rattles my bones, my thoracic cavity. The hard notes jackhammer through my skull and enliven every injury I have ever received since birth.

"I think I see her." I point to a blond flame near the back.

"Meet you at door in ten?" Wes shouts.

I give a nod and head in her direction only it's not Jen. I was right-it's Coop. I don't bother with niceties or think twice that I might interrupt the conversation a tall redhead is desperately trying to engage him in. I just push him through the kitchen door, straight into a dark service pantry and shut us inside the small cloistered space. Just enough light emits through the seam in the door for me to make out his face, the outline of his body as he presses up against me.

The scent of mint lingers to him. His sweatshirt gives the hint of soft cologne. I like that Cooper doesn't bathe in a toxic flurry of manly scented aftershave. Everything about him is understated. That's the best part about Coop.

"There's another picture of us in my closet-on the freaking wall." I hiss. "Who the hell is the spiritual bastard running around with an infrared camera? And why do I suddenly feel like the haunted paparazzi is after me?"

"No clue," he whispers seductively, eyeing me as if he's disinterested in the conversation at hand. "But I do have other information."

"Like what?"

"Like the fact I had Fletcher and Jen's DNA tested when I scored the mother load of plasma left from the blood drive."

"And?"

"Fletch is your brother."

I wrap my arms around him tight and bury my face in his chest. It feels good to know this, empowering.

"He's also a Count, not as pure you." He pulls back and dips his gaze into me. "Jen also turned out to be a good contender as a sibling. Looks like you have two of the real deal floating around right here on campus. And like Fletch, she's a Count of a lower caliber."

"Jen?" I'm baffled by the idea Jen is related to me on any level. "How is that possible?"

He shakes his head. "I don't know how, it just is."

"I feel like I'm slipping further into this world every day, Coop. I'm afraid one day I'll wake up and forget all about Laken Stewart."

"Not possible." Cooper traces out my features with his luminous orbs. He looks spellbound, lost in the rapture of my presence. "I won't let you forget."

I like it like this. He smooths his thumbs over the high ridge of my cheek-imagines us on a bed with me lying on top of his partially undressed body.

"I saw that," I say it quiet, embarrassed.

His expression dims. "Sorry." He holds his hands out like a thief.

"I'd better go," I say, not moving a muscle.

"Okay." He lets his gaze linger-sets me ablaze with his heavily lidded eyes-that magnetic pull that refuses to let go.

"Wes is waiting," I say breathless.

"Is he?" Copper leans in like a dare, crushes his chest up against mine in the process.

I can feel the heat of his skin radiating out like a sauna as I sway closer to his lips.

It's happening. It's going to happen. He closes his eyes and dives in.

I burst through the pantry and out into the jostling crowd, like escaping a burning building. Something tells me I'd better spend time with Wes while he can still stomach the sight of me.

"Laken, wait." Cooper catches up and takes a hold of my hand, low and impossible for roving eyes to notice. I can find out who's responsible for those pictures. He offers an apologetic smile. I have a way. It might take some time, but I'll get the answer.

Really? I'm filled with relief. Thank you.

Cooper has become a safe haven in this wild storm-a refuge from the tornado that's swept me up and landed me on this psychotic brick road, a different universe entirely.

Kresley and Jax come up beside us with Grayson hot on their heels. She's wearing nothing but a low cut T-shirt and heels, her black lace boy shorts visible for all to bear witness.

I pull my fingers free from Coop in the event Kresley's observational skills decide to kick in. If I had to guess who was behind this misery in my life, if the choices were reduced to someone mortal, prone to dying once and getting it right, I'd put every Anderson dollar on Kresley.

"So, what do you think of what I'm not wearing?" Grayson says it sultry, pressing her hands into Cooper's chest. Grayson looks stunning. She smolders sexuality with those catlike eyes, full lips you could stamp out perfect kisses with. "It was Truth or Dare gone bad." She chortles, wiggling her bottom. "Or good. What do you think?"

Cooper looks over to me with a razor sharp accusation as if I had somehow landed him in front of a flesh buffet, and now he's lost his appetite because of me.

"What do I think of what?" He never loses our gaze. Cooper glides into an easy smile that asks me to stay, to abandon my love for Wesley and give it all to him. He gives a long blink and a solemn nod as if I had hit the nail on the head, as if he read my mind from three feet away.

Grayson steps in and cascades her long slender finger down his neck. "How about you and me figure things out, together-alone." She purrs while biting down on his ear, and my stomach turns.

I don't stick around for the show. Instead, I bolt for the exit.

I find Wes on the porch taking a drink from Fletcher's cup before passing it back. He spits out the contents in an arched stream into the bushes.

"You just missed Jen." Wes sucks in a hard breath. "What the hell was in that?" he barks at Fletch.

"Love tonic." Fletcher glowers at the two of us.

"Good luck with that," Wes shouts as we take off in the direction of Henderson Hall. He presses his lips to the back of my hand. I've already got all the love tonic I need-and I'm about to drink her down.

Blaine sits at the front desk with his dick-nose buried in a laptop, doesn't even look up when we burst through the door. A part of me wants to leap across the lacquered desk and strangle him for Jen. But I don't. I let his philandering ways live to see another day, giving Jen some time to nurture her lethal intentions.

Henderson Hall is quiet as a cemetery unlike the first time I was here. It was the night Casper brought me to the big party and I saw Fletch and Wes-the night I shared a kiss that up until that moment was only able to play out in my dreams.

Wes leads us through the entry, stealthy, as if he were breaking a thousand different laws just housing me within these walls.

The air holds the slight scent of old socks and minty toothpaste. The entire facility has a boys' locker room appeal, and this doesn't really surprise me considering this is where Fletch resides. It's completely filthy, unlike Austen House which could double as a fancy hotel. You could host the president or the Queen at Austen and not feel ashamed.

The commons area at Henderson is littered with soda cans and empty wrappers are strewn all over the floor. Two giant pizza boxes are opened out on the floor in the form of the letter A. The scattering of tiny white balls in the vicinity is proof positive they're not above creating their own miniature golf course. It's nice to see a resourceful use of litter. At Austen House they'd bury you in a landfill should a gum wrapper stray from your purse. Anal doesn't begin to describe the fascist-like offenses.

"Fletch is my roommate," Wes says it like an apology as he leads me to the room farthest down the hall. "Most of the mess is Fletcher's fault."

I completely believe him. Wesley's old room was neat as a pin save for his art supplies-and Fletch lived in an overgrown laundry bin.

Wes pulls me inside and shuts the door.

Wes, in all his dark glory, takes me in with his hungry eyes. His shadowed dimples tremble in my presence.

He indulges in a series of wild kisses before examining me at arm's length.

Why in the hell am I waiting for her to get her memory back? I should ravage her, sink my teeth into her skin-run my tongue along every single inch. The impression of a lewd smile plays on his lips.

"You know what I was thinking?" I bat my lashes.

He shakes his head, vocally paralyzed by his sudden need to ingest me.

"You should show me your artwork." I lick the tip of my finger before running it up his sweater and tracing a heart over his bare chest. "You know-before we share a few things together." Instinctively, I pull away. My stomach does a hot revolution, and suddenly I'm horrified at the thought of making good on my proposition. Cooper singes through my mind, etches his self-portrait over my heart as indelible as that picture back in my closet.

Wesley's face livens with color. A fire burns behind those green lenses he sees the world through, and he lands a simple a kiss over my lips.

"As you wish," he whispers.

He disappears into the closet momentarily, so I go over and lie on his bed, kick off my cheer-bot tennis shoes and take a deep breath into his pillow. I know for a fact this is Wesley's bed because, for one, it's been made, and second, there's not a snake of balled-up socks slithering over the surface.

"Try not to be too disappointed." Wes comes out with an armful of canvases, a stack of notebooks on top of that. It's hard to believe he could be hiding anything from me. This looks like years of work.

He snatches the pillow off Fletcher's bed and sits next to me with the pile of notebooks amassed on his legs.

He opens a sketchbook, and the first thing I see is my profile, gentle and flowing, the soft grey of the pencil capturing every nuance with staggering accuracy.

"This is you at the Anderson employee picnic. Your uncle insists we go every year, makes it look more like a family business rather than the Wall Street sensation it really is." He turns page after page of me by a window, me by the pool, in the meadow bathed in sunlight with a wreath of flowers in my hair.

"So..." Wes wraps an arm around my waist. "Have I managed to freak you out completely?"

"No." I scoot in close. "God, no. I'm honored to be in so many of your pictures." Let alone all.

"Here," he says, pushing the sketches off to the side and holding a canvas up to the light, "I thought you might like this one."

It's a russet-colored building set against a sepia countryside.

"Wes!" Everything in me ignites with adrenaline as I snatch it from him. "It's the old barn. This is your farm back home. I swear it. You have to believe me!"

"Hey-" His brows swoop together like a bat in flight. He carefully places the canvas down and picks up my hands. "In no way do I want to upset you." or exacerbate the situation. Geez-I thought I'd be helping, not making things worse. Of course she thinks she's from a farm in Kansas. I made her drive out to the country with me days before she fell two stories with nothing but a pile of rocks to break her fall.

"Wait, wait..." I try to mask the pain with a smile. "That barn..." I give several hard blinks.

Come on, you can do it. He gives an intense stare prodding me to the finish line.

"I was there with you." I look up as though I were remembering the event in detail. "You took me there, you made me go." I bite down on my lip and watch him writhe with pleasure.

"You scared me for a second." He lets out a breath. "I thought you were back on the first flight to Kansas." He pulls me in like reeling a fish. "I love you, Laken Anderson, you know that?" He gives a heartbreaking kiss that lets me know how close to the emotional brink I had driven him. You could feel his heart pulsate through his lips as they quiver over mine.

I pull back and take in his kissed-by-God features. "And I love you, Wesley Paxton." It slices through me, tearing my heart in jagged pieces when I say his last name. I could be anyone he wanted tonight, and I just might have to.

He lets out a hint of a laugh as though he were onto me. Wes takes off his sweater, revealing his perfectly chisel body.

I try to attempt the same, but he catches me by the wrist.

"I won't be able to stop," he whispers, "and you need time to heal."

"What about me? What about what I want?" There may not be any other way to heal except through Wesley's body. No better way to take my mind off things and people.

He shakes his head. "I couldn't stand the thought of you waking up one day and hating me for taking advantage of you." He presses out a dry grin, igniting the commas on either side of his cheeks.

"That's ridiculous." I pull off my cheer sweater with the speed and finesse of a magician, exposing my black lace bra underneath. "Besides," I whisper, running my fingers inside the lip of his jeans, "Wesley Paxton-what if I feel like taking advantage of you?"

"Oh really?" His chest thunders with a laugh. "I double dog dare you," he whispers it hot across my neck. Wes lingers a trail of warm kisses down to the middle of my chest before rising.

I hold back a solid laugh. "It's on."

Wes turns off the light and appears back at my side with an accelerated speed. I pull him down over me and feel the heft of his body as it settles over mine. My insides ripple with pleasure as his skin melts over me, searing me with his craving. Wes starts in on a montage of kisses that span from my ear to my lips and back again. I grab him by the shoulders and gently maneuver until I roll him onto his back. I press my lips against his neck and drag a line down his chest with my tongue, causing his stomach to flinch. Wes lets out a soft groan that lets me know my presence is more than welcome.

I drop my lips below his stomach, never leaving his scorching flesh. My hand rides over the enormous bulge in his jeans. It looks like Wes is reconsidering his plan of action and nature is about to take over in an intimate way.

Wes is in the market for building new memories tonight, ones that we'll cherish long after this identity crisis has unspooled itself. We're about to open the door to happily ever after through the porthole of our affection, and there's not a person or creature on earth that has the power to stop it.

I lash little circles over his belly button with my tongue, tracking down lower, hedging the horizon of his boxers with my thirsty lips. His breathing grows erratic. His thoughts morph into all-out erotica. Wes has already had me twelve different ways in this short span of time. I peer into his thoughts and watch the theater of Wesley's mind as my legs glide up over his chest, my feet crest the top of his shoulders. Wes, on top, Wes, below-it's all possible in his fantasy, all happening at once.

I tug at his waistband and press a kiss just above the final frontier.

The door swings open and the lights explode overhead.

Fletcher stands at the entry with his eyes sprung wide, his face bleached of all color before he roars to life.

Unfortunately, it seems the only memory we'll be making tonight involves my brother.

49

The Good Fight

On Saturday the sky glares down over Ephemeral. The clouds taunt us with their dark curved bellies-mist over us with a fog so thick that your hand disappears in front of your face. It's on this morning that Cooper offers to take Marky and me to the mall.

I need it like this-with a dark mysterious haze to comfort me from what almost happened last night with Wes. I worked his superhuman conjugal restraint- eroded it to nothing. I can still feel the heat of his chest against mine-his heart jumping like a two-ton bull at the gate. Wes and I could have reduced the world to cinders, for sure, reduced Henderson to ash if it weren't for Fletch.

The grey world lingers in a ceaseless slumber. It resonates my feelings from last night so well that I half expect to see an image of Wes and me in the clouds with an air bubble above my head-Coop looking down in disapproval.

I couldn't get Cooper Flanders off my mind. It was exhausting trying to hide my thoughts from Wesley. Thank God Wes has some serious moral issues when it comes to sleeping with his all but brain-dead girlfriend. Although, he was more than ready to abandon those issues in the heat of the moment.

Wesley's convictions aside, I can't in good conscience give myself to him with Cooper haunting me like a poltergeist. I'm more than a little thankful for my brother's ill timing. I was way out of control.

Fletch accused the two of us of doing more than kissing. I believe his exact words were f**king like beasts, which led him to try and beat the shit out of Wes who, in turn, walked me home with a swollen bottom lip. I guess Wes hasn't really squared away our arrangement with Fletch, and who knew Fletch would pull the big brother card?

I blink all thoughts of my near discretion away as I take up Marky's hand.

Marky, Coop, and I stride down the long corridors of the shopping mall where, as the sign reads, "Every Deal is a Little Bit o' Heaven."

"What colors do you think look good on me?" Marky holds her face to the sky, and I picture her clothed in a rainbow.

"All of them," I say, squeezing her hand. "You're one of those people." I roll my eyes with all of the drama I can afford.

She squeals as we head into a store catering to preteens. The entire front of the establishment is lined with glittering holiday outfits.

Marky fingers a white satin dress with a full tulle skirt and squared off sequins peppered at random.

I had to borrow clothes from Carter this morning who graciously and permanently opened her closet to me. We're about the same size in general, so everything fits, but still, my own bra and underwear would be nice. I seriously doubt I'll be raiding the panty aisles with Cooper in tow.

"This is pretty," she says it measured, slow. "I could wear this to a wedding." She looks over at Coop and me as if we were the couple in question. "I could be the flower girl. I'm dying to be a flower girl."

Flower girl? I feel horrible, like I'm setting Marky up for some big emotional fall. "It looks great." I give a nervous glance to Coop. "You wanna start in the back?" I ask, ushering her toward the rear of the store to get her mind off all things wedding. "I think maybe bright blue or purple. You'd look really great in purple."

I sneak another glimpse at Coop who looks every bit the golden boy of Ephemeral-hell, the planet. I'm sure he'll find a bride sooner than later and make all of his sister's flower girl dreams come true. My stomach sours at the thought.

Marky loses herself, plowing through the racks of clothes. She holds up shirts for me to periodically inspect, then replaces them obediently if I even hint that it's just okay.

"You're quiet today," I say it low, pretending to riffle through a stack of lime green sweaters. Cooper hasn't said two words this entire morning with the exception of a brief hello.

"Just tired." He pulls his ball cap down an inch over his forehead. Coop is insanely gorgeous with his baseball hat and jeans, his Ephemeral sweatshirt with the coat of arms on the front. Really, he doesn't have to wait around for Marky and me. I could call him to pick us up, but then, I don't want him to leave so, I would never suggest it.

"You hang out at Melville all night?" I try to seem indifferent when I ask. Grayson runs through my mind with her well-curved bottom, her pouty pink lips. I'm sick just thinking about what may or may not have transpired last night. I don't dare tell Coop she once threatened to love him like a woman, that she called me a girl.

"I stayed pretty late," he says it soft, his eyes locking onto mine.

"So I guess you had lots of company." An image of Grayson spasming over his flesh corrupts my thoughts.

"I did." He gives a reluctant nod and moves in closer. "It provided for an interesting evening." A fire brews between us as he shoulders up to me. He doesn't waver his penetrating stare. "I thought maybe you'd come back." He sweeps the carpet with his gaze. "I guess you were having a good time."

I take a breath and seal it in my lungs.

Cooper waited.

It kills me on the inside. Cooper is aching and I want to offer myself to him as a balm, but I can't.

There's something defining itself here, something humble and right. I try to shake the thought away and deny any idea of Coop ever steering me away from Wes.

"Any leads on the nutcase in hot pursuit of my love life?" I pretend to interest myself in a display of cable-knit scarves, long and strong like the noose I'd like to hang Grayson with.

The depressing image of Coop and me at the football game magically disappeared by the time I got back to my room last night.

"Am I a part of your love life?" He says it sarcastic as though I had implied something that wasn't there-something that I was wishing for. Before I can answer, he lets me off the hook. "I have some information coming to me. Answers might be involved."

It doesn't sound very promising.

"What about Kettles?" I ask.

The thought of a dark beach with Coop quenches me like a cool glass of water. Being with Wes is like wearing seven-inch heels on concrete, uphill. And spending time with Cooper is like kicking them off, running barefoot through a field of spring grass, alive and carefree. I don't have to pretend. I don't have to try to be someone I'm not.

"I'd rather we work on those lit reports in my room," he whispers it like a lure. "You know-if you needed the help. My bed misses you, by the way."

"You're changing the subject." I catch the smile before it has a chance to fully form on his lips.

"Kettles." His cheek slides up on one side. "Should I bring a date?"

"I thought I was your date. If you don't show, how ever will we propagate our love life?" I tease. He smolders into me with a knowing look. I can feel the temperature rise as a bite of heat sweeps through me. "Guess you had a goodtime last night since you stayed so long."

"Rumor has it you did, too."

"I wasn't the one hanging out with girls in their underwear." I shrug off his accusation.

Cooper steps in front of me. His eyes bear into mine with a mix of agony and ecstasy. "Maybe you were hanging out with boys in theirs." He leaves it out there to see if I'll bite. Beneath it all, he loves this careless banter, indulges in it just to see me squirm.

"Not I." Wes may have unbuttoned his jeans, but it went no further. I smirk into the scarf I'm holding. "So you hang out with anyone of the male persuasion last night?"

"You mean, how long was I around blond bikini models?" His lids hang heavy. "Did they touch me?" His face inches toward mine like a dare. "Take me upstairs and tie me to a bedpost with what little clothing they had left?" The hard line of his jaw glints in the light, annunciating his chiseled good looks. His warm breath sears my flesh, and for one weak moment I push my lips close to his.

"How about this?" Marky comes up from behind.

"That's great!" I straighten. I don't even process whatever it is she's holding, just revert my attention back to the display of scarves and pull out a long green one the exact color of Wesley's eyes. I should lose myself in it. Go blind trying to absorb its pigment, swallow it to keep from engaging in conversations about girls in their underwear-to keep my flesh from lusting after another guy in general.

Shit. This is all going freaking south. Another second, and I would have been lost in a lip lock with a guy who, by the way, is not my boyfriend. I hate the effect Cooper has on me. I should run screaming all the way back to campus.

"I'm going to try these on." Marky points toward the dressing room before disappearing behind an orange curtain.

Coop comes up from behind and presses his body against me.

"I can't kiss you," I whisper.

"You want to," he says. It comes out like a poem.

I spin around and take him in. Perfect Cooper, dangerous Cooper, very much off limits Cooper-someone I can never have.

His chest heaves, his breathing grows erratic, and for one fleeting moment I think he's going to throw caution to the wind and cover my mouth with his. Every part of me aches for him to do it. It's the one and only cheer my body willingly participates in.

"What would you do if I kissed you?" He says it breathless as though it were about to transpire.

I shake my head in protest. "Can't happen."

His cheek pinches on the side as he holds me steady with his metallic gaze. "I'd bet what little money I have that it happens in the very near future. That you'll want it-demand it."

"You flatter yourself unnecessarily." I shake my head at his ludicrous assumption. Clearly Cooper Flanders doesn't lack ego or balls.

"Maybe." The pretentious smile glides off his face. "Maybe I'd rather flatter myself unnecessarily than think about you with Wes," he whispers it so low it comes out a dirty confession. That seems to be the bridge that connects Cooper and I, brick after brick of unimaginable truths, tarnished and dirty, too embarrassing to say out loud in public.

I let the scarf drop to the floor and run my fingers through the thick waves in the back of his hair. My insides loosen, and an unnatural thump pulsates through my chest as I retract my hand from out of the fire.

"I'm sorry." I look down in disbelief. "Coop, I'm so sorry," I struggle for the right words. "I'm not trying to lead you on, I swear."

Marky jumps out of the dressing room and I give a thumbs up to a bright pink sweater that makes her eyes pop like black buttons on a teddy bear.

"I would never in a million years want to hurt Marky," I whisper. I don't know what spurred that odd spontaneous confession. It's not Marky's affections I'm trying to deflect. I turn to face him fully, take in the boyish way about him that lingers below his inflated self-confidence. "You have to believe me when I say you're special. I really do feel something for you-but I have Wes." There it is, the dagger in which I carve out his heart. "We're still a team, right? You're the only one who believes me, Coop. I can't lose you."

Cooper takes in a breath and picks up my hand. He massages his thumb over my knuckles as if he were funneling all of his energy there, so the hurt won't show in his eyes-bleed through in his words.

"I do believe you, Laken. I believe everything you say to me."

I sag with relief. There is no better way to love me than with those very words. Perhaps that's why Cooper has harnessed the ability to eclipse Wes in the race for my heart without even trying.

Coop takes a breath-hides the beginnings of a smile that lets me know he heard.

My eyes widen at the thing of horror my mind has become-a voyeuristic gossip of malicious intent, a drunkard reeling around the street while espousing palace secrets.

The dimple below his eye defines its teardrop shape as he squeezes my hand.

"You didn't hear me, did you?" His eyes round out.

"No." I blink back in surprise.

He lets his cheeks rise and fall. "Looks like it's time for another infusion."

50

Injustice for All

By the time I get home from my shopping spree with Cooper and Marky, Jen has already assembled a wardrobe library from a few of her girlfriends from Trinity U.

"Mom offered to take us shopping tomorrow," she snaps, still obviously pissed at the world for existing.

"Perfect." Grayson blinks through my mind. "Actually, I was invited to go to the movie screening tomorrow night. Power Position, starring Grayson's boobs."

"I heard she's on screen for like ten seconds." Jen casts a look of disgust at the ceiling.

"Ten seconds affords a lot of flesh to be discovered." Maybe I can artfully distract Coop with a text just as she takes up the screen with her mammoth cle**age. Then again, I am going with Wes, and maybe Cooper falling in love with Grayson wouldn't be such a bad idea. It just feels like one. I mean I have someone else, certainly he's entitled to the same. I can't seriously want him to pine for me while I have a life with Wes. But something inside me does want that. It very much demands that he aches for me and stays the hell away from Grayson Double E Evans.

I hate that part of me.

"Wes stopped by." Jen takes a seat at the desk, her face blank as a doll's. "He left something for you on the desk."

My heart thumps.

"You tell him where I went?" Stupid, stupid me mentioned in passing this morning I was heading out with Cooper to the mall.

"Just that you went shopping." She inventories the makeup cluttering her desk. "Are you seeing Cooper behind Wesley's back?"

"No! God, no. Cooper and Wes are good friends. I was just helping his little sister pick some clothes out for picture day. You know"-I sigh with effort-"she doesn't have a mom."

"So you're volunteering?" Jen gags on the words like the concept borders on something immoral.

"Yes, I'm volunteering. She needed some sisterly advice, and I'm more than willing to give it."

Speaking of sisters, it's strange seeing Jen in this new light as a real blood and flesh member of my questionable family. What does it mean for the original Jen? I certainly don't love her any less. And God-what about Lacey?

"Cooper needs to find himself a girlfriend, so she can fill that sisterly role." Jen huffs at the idea of me volunteering for the position. "You have a boyfriend, Laken-one who left the most ridiculously romantic gift for you while you were playing house with some other guy. Get it together, or Wes will find someone who'll pay him the one hundred percent of attention he deserves."

A long olive branch lies over my desk. I pick it up and examine its bristled leaves. It's like awakening from a dream, like swallowing a fantasy and having it be real. Each sage-colored leaf is peppered with a heartfelt I love you.

Guilt coats me from the inside heavy as tar.

Jen is right. There's no way Wes is going to tolerate me dividing my relationship on any level with Cooper for very long.

I twirl the blessed branch-roll the stem between my fingers and watch it spin into an infinite blur of Wesley's perfect love for me. But it's my love for him that drives me to Cooper in the first place. Cooper and I are going to dismantle the Counts' ability to kidnap another soul, stop them from washing clean every precious memory from a person's existence. They stole Wes from me once, and now they're trying to shove this new version down my throat. Cooper's mother-Casper-I smell the Counts at every turn.

I pause and touch my fingers to the tiny silver leaves. Wes touched each one with his heart for me.

"The Autumn Sacrament is next week." Jen sweeps a brush through her hair, pale as milk in this unforgiving light.

"What's that?"

"It's how Austen House kicks off the school year. It's a bonding thing. Of course, Jax will be there." She rakes through her hair a few more times. "I think I'll hold out my ultimate revenge until then."

"And what about Blaine?"

"For him, I have something special planned."

"I hope pain is involved." Somehow I doubt this. For him she's probably mapped out a picnic. "Sometimes pain is necessary," I say, heading into the bathroom and pulling a metal nail file from out of the drawer.

I open my mouth and run my tongue along the outer ridge of my teeth before landing soft over my canines.

I'm about to do something for love, and I'm pretty damn sure it's going to hurt like hell.

Late in the evening, Cooper offers to drive the four of us out to Kettles. The midnight blues of a tail-end autumn sky glow from above. There's no rain in sight, just an icy wind capable of turning the soil into arctic tundra.

"The beach won't be so bad," Coop says, maneuvering out onto the highway. "The dunes act as a windbreak, and I brought blankets." He glances in the rearview mirror at Carter and Jackson, a basketball player whose head touches the roof of Coop's double cab truck. He's quiet in general and has a sweet spirit. It's heartbreaking knowing Carter is going to eat him for breakfast. But for now they're so wrapped up in one another, giggling and moaning, he's hardly aware of his surroundings, let alone the fact he's on the cusp of a relationship blowout.

I reach over and lay my hand over Coop's.

Sharpened my fangs for you. I bite down over my lips to reveal my newly chiseled features thanks to my date with the nail file.

"Nice work." He looks mildly perplexed by my efforts. "You didn't need to do that."

The sizzle of a zipper emits from the back, and I'm afraid to turn around-afraid I'll expose myself to unnecessary flesh from either Carter or Jackson or God forbid any forensic evidence they're about to spew forth.

Leave it to Carter to get it on in front of an audience-twice.

Coop pulls into the parking lot, and the two of them scamper out so fast it's like the race to the tree on Christmas morning.

Coop and I grab the blankets and head over to the dunes. The salty ocean livens the air. The eelgrass lends its dank stench as an afterthought to the breeze, polluting the atmosphere with its offensive odor. A thick mist baptizes us, kisses my lips with a layer of salty brine.

"So weird," I say, trying to ignore the punishing wind.

"What's that?" Cooper holds my gaze longer than necessary as if our eyes were having an entirely different conversation.

"Just that you were the first person I remember seeing." It was him I saw in the forest that day. It was Coop who saved me.

Cooper pauses, taking in the black expanse of the ocean with its smooth white tide rolling high over the sand like a lover. It caresses her tan skin, covers her like a sheath with its foaming affection. It pulls back as it races into the sea, sucks her in as if it's trying to take her with him.

"Whoever brought you here must have wanted it that way." He wraps an arm around my waist and leads us to a valley in the sand, equipped with a fire pit.

"Sounds like a wise move on their part." I place my hand over his shoulders, take in his features washed a pale blue from the moonlight. It feels natural like this. Like we've done this a thousand times, just the two of us. "I don't know who put me in that forest. I don't know what I'm doing here. But at the end of the day, I'm glad I got to know you. I'm glad they put you in my life." Hell, I'm more than a little grateful. Without Cooper this entire psychotic experience would be just that-psychotic.

"I'm glad, too," he says it without a smile, and without affect, as though having me in his life were as serious as death itself.

Cooper starts a fire while I spread out the blankets. In every way it feels like a date. I bat the idea away because Wes will be here in less than two hours, and I refuse to entertain the idea of dating anyone but him.

I have no clue where Carter and Jackson ended up. So much for me protecting her from an impending chainsaw massacre. Between the battering wind and the roar of the ocean, there's no chance of hearing their wild piercing screams on the off chance they should get dismembered.

"Maybe the powers that be didn't plan for us to meet." I get back to the topic of Coop and I. "Maybe it was just a coincidence." I pat a seat next to me as he falls onto the blanket.

He bumps his shoulder playfully into mine. "Are we back to coincidences?" His eyes light up like crystal flames. The fire accentuates his sharp features, and my cheeks fill with heat at the thought of being near him like this.

"You're right," I say. "They don't exist. Someone wanted you in the forest that day. Unless of course you spend all your free time scouring for zombies."

"Nope." He ticks his head. "Spectator patrol called-said I had a pick up." He gives a little laugh as if he were teasing.

"Spectator patrol? That must be who did this. They must have known I was there. There was no pick up. You killed him."

He shakes his head. "It doesn't work that way. They're usually never dead when I get there. If I can't bring them back alive, I have to kill them. It's not really a challenge. They're slow, disorganized in general-like Wes," he quips.

"Very funny." I rock into him. "So you killed it. That's why it evaporated?"

"That's why it evaporated."

"You weren't kidding when you said they were biodegradable." I glance over at Coop in this new light. "So you're like a bounty hunter-a zombie bounty hunter. How do you get them back?"

"Dart gun-Count issued."

"The bastardized Ruger." I blink at the thought. "I almost killed Jones with one of those poisoned arrows. What's the deal with the gun?"

"Paralyzes them long enough for me to get them to the Transfer. I put them in the holding tank, and I don't know what they do to them after. I have no idea where they're being holed up to begin with."

"How do you get into the Transfer, Coop?"

He turns his gaze toward the fire. "It involves, strength, speed and a whole lot of faith."

He doesn't add anything to it. I'm not sure what I was expecting, for sure not a roadmap.

"So, who called to report the Spectator the day I arrived?" Why do I get the feeling Coop is evading the question. "Obviously they're the mastermind of this posthumous matchmaking."

Cooper shakes his head with certainty and stokes the fire before falling back on his elbows. "Doubtful." He licks his lips quick as an afterthought, drinks me down as the purple hues from the flames dance over my skin. "It was Wes."

"Wes?" I mouth his name. "How did Wes know about the Spectator? God-did he know I was in the forest?"

"Wes always seems to know. He's got Spectator radar." Coop averts his eyes. It's obvious he thinks Wes is a joke or a threat.

"Do you think Wes did this?" I flick a finger between the two of us.

"No." It depresses out of him. "I thought maybe at first, then I realized he was into you. Why would he want to push you in my direction? It doesn't make sense."

"But he called you about the Spectator. What the hell is that about?"

"He's a major player in the Counts' secret circle. Wes knows things none of the regular drones are privy to. As for me, I guess if you had to label his role, he'd be my boss."

"Boss?" This new version of Wesley is multilayered, so far and so deep that stripping an onion with my teeth would be an easier and a more appealing task. There may never be enough tomorrows to get to the core, to figure out this new unimproved rendition once and for all. "How did you get involved in this mess?"

"Spectator patrol? My dad passed the baton-my grandfather did it before him. The story goes, my grandfather had captured a few of them and was conducting experiments. Soon as the Counts got wind, they freaked out, thought he might expose their dirty little secret to the world and offered him incentives to keep his mouth shut."

"Such as?"

"Free rides-any school any family member. My grandfather had them build the psychiatric institute, even got them to name it after him."

"Nice work." An iced breeze snakes between the two of us and I scoot in closer to Coop. "So you can go to any school." My heart sinks into the pit of my stomach at the thought of losing Cooper to some nebulous university. "Are you going to Trinity?"

"I don't know." He wraps an arm around my waist and pulls me in, rubbing his hand up and down my arm to warm me. "Where do you want to go?"

"I want to go home." I burrow my face in his neck for a moment before using his shoulder as a pillow.

He presses his lips against the top of my head, breathes into my hair, warm and soft. "I want to be wherever you are, Laken."

I glance out at the dark unknowable water, the white gloss of a wave barreling toward shore. It detonates in a spectacular crash, pounds the sand with its carnal fury.

Cooper pulls me in with a dark gaze. I can feel his lust for me, his palpable desire to lay the memory of Wesley Parker to rest once and for all, bury him in the sand right here between us.

"You ready?" There's a gleam in his eye as if he's been counting down the minutes.

A strangled silence crops up and enunciates the snap of the fire, the rush of the ocean. I have to remind myself I'm doing this to save Wes and me-to save those poor Celestra souls who are being held against their will. I need Wes to tell me things he wouldn't dare say out loud in hopes of finding a solution to all this madness.

"I'm ready." I pick up his hands, and my heart pounds erratically. It rivals the surf in both fervor and intensity. Everything in me is far too willing to love on Cooper's neck-begging me to move my efforts elsewhere, his teeth, his lips-feast off the hot of his mouth until we're both delirious from the effort, but I won't. I can never do that.

I lay back and pull him over me, press my lips against the smooth skin of his neck. He's healed amazingly, not one blood vessel displaced from the last time I decimated him, not a hint of affliction. I roll my tongue over flesh and pull up the capillaries. Cooper interlaces our fingers, links his leg around mine like they belong there, like we've done this a thousand times before.

If you were walking down the beach and stumbled upon us, you would think we were in the throes of passion, that this was the honeymoon of our desire.

I graze over his flesh before creating incisions with my newly sharpened canines.

Coop takes in a quick breath and writhes over me, lets out a moan that spells out ecstasy more than it does pain.

The first drop of blood trickles over my tongue, and I give another puncture. It comes quick, smooth as velvet. I swallow Cooper down until he permeates my cellular structure, becomes a part of me in every good way.

His thoughts appear like a movie out of synch-I can see our limbs entangled, nothing but bare flesh on a tropical beach not much different than this one. Me with my hands pinned high over my head while Coop showers me with an assault of impassioned kisses. My body mimics the motions he dictates through his fantasy. He gives my hands a squeeze and brushes my face with his.

A violent spray of sand falls over us, and we bolt up to attention.

We've got company.

51

Field Sport

"Shit." I hiss, trying to rub the sand out of my eyes.

Coop jumps off me like a spring.

Just my freaking luck to have Wes show up and see me sucking on Cooper Flanders' neck like I mean it.

"Laken!" Cooper shouts.

I force my eyes open long enough to make out a shadowed figure approaching from the other side of the fire, and judging by the exceptionally long, thick tail, it's not Wes.

"We need to get Carter and get the hell out of here," I yell, snatching a stick off the ground.

"Run!" Cooper barks. I look back to see him wielding the long blade of a pocketknife in an attempt to stave off the creature.

An arm reaches over and lifts me off the ground. I let out a scream that loses itself in the wind, kicking my legs into the rubbery flesh beneath me until I manage to break free.

I try to get my bearings, falling three times before I right myself. An avalanche of sand caves in the dune from my forced erosion.

"Cooper." His name comes out a shrill cry.

I glance over and find him high in the creature's arms. The beast launches Cooper through the air and lands him face-first into the fire. The flames embrace his body like a pair loving arms. Cooper rolls into the sand and spikes to his feet. His face is bloodied, his sweatshirt dark with soot.

Shit.

Arms pick me up from behind. It's not until I start in on a slow spin that I catch a glimpse of the creature that has me captive. An unrecognizable being, a dragon, a snake, it's all there. I can't look, breathe or scream. I'm paralyzed from the visual. A loud clap detonates from behind, explosive as a cannon going off in the night.

A dark figure comes forward. A blast of light and sound bursts from his hand as he makes his way over.

Wesley.

His dark hair gleams in the moonlight. It sends a wild surge of relief through me as if Wes himself were a one-man cavalry.

"Wes!"

I fall to the ground and roll along a sloping hillside. A choir of primal grunting erupts. I scamper back over the dune in time to see Cooper delivering a quick succession of fatal blows to the Fem that threw him into the fire. Wes holds up the disembodied head of the snakelike creature that took me for a ride and tosses it into the flames with morbid finality. I turn my head toward the ocean. The last thing I want is to memorize its features as they melt in the blaze.

"Laken," Wes gives it in a heated whisper. He wraps his arms around me and presses a quick kiss over my temple. "You okay?"

"I'm fine," I say before running over to Coop. "You're hurt." I pant, inspecting his scalded cheek, his arms covered with sand and blood.

"I'll be fine." He shoots a quick look to Wes.

"Let's get you to the hospital," Wesley says it curt, as if the hospital were simply a means of getting rid of Coop.

Wes reels me in. He warms the back of my neck with his hot hand.

"No, thanks." Cooper looks from me to Wes, slow and methodical. "I'll be okay. I'm a quick healer. Good genes." He twitches his brows. It makes me wonder if Wesley knows about Cooper and his genes.

The creature sizzles and snaps like oil on a hot iron skillet. It evaporates in a plume of smoke until all that's left is a pile of ashes.

"What the hell just happened?" I shout, wild from the trauma.

Wes and Coop exchange glances.

"I don't know," Wes says. "But I don't think we should hang out and wait for a reprisal."

We head back to the parking lot, and Coop calls Jackson to let him know we're taking off.

"I'll hang out and wait for them. You guys go ahead." Coop is resigned to the fact I'm not going home with him.

"All right, man." Wes clasps his hand in a mock high-five. "Call if you need me."

"Night." Cooper looks right at me and inadvertently spears me with his sadness.

"Night, Coop." I lock eyes with him-for a brief moment I consider going home with Cooper.

Wes helps me into his glossy, brand new SUV that cuts into my lungs with its fresh-from-the-factory scent.

Cooper hops in his truck and raises his hand with a brief wave. I watch him darken to a silhouette, solid and stable before evaporating to pitch. Everything in my body cries out for Cooper Flanders.

Wes and I take off onto the highway, and my heart breaks with every passing mile.

Wes drives us past Ephemeral to a row of brick houses that glow from the inside like jack-o-lanterns. He texted his mother to let her know we'd be dropping by.

"So this where you live," I say.

Other than Wes grilling me on what might have occurred to inspire those Fems to try and tear our heads off, I've pretty much given Wes the cold shoulder all the way back.

"It's just my mom for now." He parks in the driveway of what appears to be a relatively modest home. "She's worked at the school for so long they gave her a place off campus." He kills the ignition and winces into me. "It's weird having to explain all this to you. You've been here before."

"No I haven't," I say it under my breath as we get out of the car.

Wes takes me up by the hand as we climb a long flat porch. A set of teak chairs sit out front, grey and thirsty for oil.

He walks us right inside.

It's cozy with a large U-shaped sofa, bloated throw pillows lining the back. The heavenly scent of cinnamon and sugar lights up my senses.

"I'm home," he calls.

It sounds so normal, so disturbingly believable.

Wes shoots a quick glance over to me. What the heck is so hard to believe about reality?

I suck in a quick breath and take back my hand.

"Here you are." Ms. Paxton appears from the kitchen, wrapped in a bright blue kimono. Her long hair cascades over one shoulder like a waterfall made of tar.

Kresley walks up beside her, and I jump a little at the sight.

"I was just dropping off your things." Kresley's eyes widen as she takes Wesley in. She runs her teeth soft over her swollen full lips, as if beckoning him to reevaluate his stance on their relationship. Kresley looks gorgeous in her tight black dress and heels with long, silver spikes. It's like she knew we were coming and she made sure to dress to impress. I have a feeling after Wes sent his mother the text-she sent one of her own.

Ms. Paxton gives a gentle clap. "I was just heading up to watch a little television, maybe read a book. Stay as long as you like." She looks from Wes to Kresley like I wasn't even in the room-as if she were merely giving the happy couple some well-deserved alone time.

The three of us watch as she trots on up.

"It's right here." Kresley points over to a large box, the size of an apple crate. I don't know why I envisioned a shoebox. "Remember this?" She snatches a stuffed mouse from the breakup bin and makes it dance through the air.

"Keep it," he flat lines. He dips his gaze into the black hole of their relationship before shaking his head. "I don't need any of it."

"I thought you might like it." She steps into him and runs her finger over his lips and he snatches her up by the wrist. "I don't want the box, and I don't want this." He gently returns her hand.

Her mouth squares off in horror. She takes a swift step in my direction and pauses to take me in. Kresley evaluates me as her replacement with a knife-sharp hatred.

"Wes says he feels sorry for you," she starts.

"Out." Wes hardens his voice just this side of shouting.

"He says you need his help because you're too stupid to figure things out on your own." She bleeds a black smile.

Wes takes her by the shoulders and maneuvers her swiftly to the exit.

She spins around. "He'll leave you by homecoming." Her voice echoes over the vaulted ceiling. She grabs a hold of the doorframe and resists being forcibly removed.

Wes folds her limbs and lands her onto the porch.

"He says you're just like a sister!" she screams as he shuts the door.

Wes gives a placid smile.

"Is that true?" I'm horrified by this. Had he been talking to Kresley about me behind my back?

His chest rises and falls with an exasperated sigh. He comes over and wraps his arms around my waist, places a simple kiss over my left brow.

He shakes his head. "That first night after you kissed me, I told her I thought of you like a sister. But I have news for you, Laken," he whispers, blessing me with a heated kiss over my lips that suggests anything but a familial connection, "I'm going to spend the rest of my life with you-I'm going to marry you one day. I can feel it." Wes bears into me a gaze that galvanizes those words into a covenant between us, welds our souls together in a unifying bond so strong that it already feels as if we've incurred matrimonial ties.

He crashes his lips over mine and absolves all of Kresley's words. All thoughts of everyone else dissipate under this newfound bliss with the one true love of my past, present, and future.

You're almost back, he smolders over me, riding his hands hot under my sweater. Come back, Laken. Remember who you are. Stop fighting for something that never existed.

Wes pulls me toward the wall and switches off the lights, lands us soft on the couch without ever moving his lips from mine, the leash of his tongue holding us together.

I love you, Wes. I press into him. I've never stopped loving you and I'll never stop fighting for everything that once existed.

The next day, in lieu of sound doctrine and the clarity of hope and character that chapel has to offer, Mom picks Jen and me up for a serious wardrobe injection. As hard as I try to migrate over to the deep discount stores that sell both house wares and underwear just aisles apart, the woman who claims me as a spawn from her uterus, herds me right back out.

Instead, we end up in a department store laden with the thick fragrance of honey-scented perfume. A security guard slouches near the entrance. There's another one stationed inside a glass room filled with fur coats-nothing but a mass grave for foxes and chinchillas.

I'm not sure why they have so much quasi law enforcement present. Back home it would have been completely necessary. Our mall was rife with shoplifters. But here in Trinity, where the wealthy grind up dollar bills and drink them for breakfast simply for the fiber content, security seems like an unnecessary extravagance, a secret service for the VIP elite.

Two women appear to help us with heavily made-up faces. You would think they had just stepped off a stage, finished a stint of dinner theater and dashed to their second job at the mall. They have a slight transvestite appeal with their dark outlined lips, caked-on foundation, and eyebrows that look like someone drew them in with a Sharpie while they were sleeping. They don red matching suits and tend to us like servants as my mother rattles off a slew of necessities in our respective sizes-bras and underwear, socks, hose, and something called dickeys. I try to hold back the unwarranted laughter. Truth is, I don't even know what the hell a dickey is. At first, I thought she said hickey, and I had a mouthwatering flashback of Cooper's neck, but when she ordered it in eleven different colors for both Jen and me I figured it was something akin to a handkerchief or some other impractical accessory only the rich and not-so-famous find logical to include in their wardrobes.

We meander through aisles of pretentious-looking clothes, colors, and textures that I wouldn't readily grace my person with, and the prices are so high I'm beginning to wonder if they accidentally put a dollar sign in front of the SKU numbers.

Jen makes her purchase decisions based solely on designer. She likes one designer in particular-Tao Ettera. His questionable accruements looks like a derelict pulled a few things out of his bag and let a cat claw on them for good measure. Jen has to have all of the pieces, a.k.a. crap in his collection, because as she assures me, Tao is a styling genius. Personally, I think we should report him to the fashion police. Clearly, he's committed an entire host of fabric-based felonies that should land him in a cloth-deprived prison cell. He should be forced to weave baskets out of hemp for a living because obviously he's been smoking it. They should bar him from wearing clothes, let alone creating them. Then, as the ultimate punishment, they should hang him by way of one of his asymmetrical sweaters for furnishing the world with such atrocities.

I pull out the label on one of the shirts and have the misfortune of seeing the dollar amount it commands. A gurgle gets lost in my throat. I don't know whether to insult Jen or ask to have her arrested for negligence and abuse of the monetary system.

"It's an investment," she defends the rainbow vomit with a price tag laden with far too many digits. "Plus it's heirloom quality." She glowers into me as if any idiot with half a brain would rather choose an Ettera over a brand new car. Of course it would be a mid-priced car, and Jen and the rest of the spoiled brood of Ephemeral Asses would sooner shove a bastardized Ruger down their throats than be seen in one of those-but not Coop.

Jen glances at her watch before abandoning her allegiance to the aforementioned textile artesian and begins plucking up everything in a five-foot radius. The department store droids spring into action and make a mad grab, catching hangers midflight.

"Don't just stand there," Jen snipes amidst the flurry. "We're going to miss the premiere if we don't leave in a half an hour."

God forbid we miss Grayson's fifteen minutes of shame.

"You can catalog shop." My mother pauses to pull a hair off her tongue and examines it a moment. Strangely this act of the commoner endears me to her. It seems so very human, normal, as if life still affects her with its basic irritants even though poverty and devastation were two things she needed to travel abroad to witness.

"Laken." Her features sharpen with disapproval. "You'll need your sister's guidance. Just the basics, you're in uniform all week anyway. Focus on slim fitting, complimentary pieces, not the garbage bags you're used to draping over yourself." She pats the air to deflect the fur from one of Jen's sweaters. "You should consider cutting out the fries and sodas. Your face is starting to pock." She leans in for a closer inspection and wrinkles her nose at me.

I touch my hand to my cheek. I have a perfectly clear complexion. The only thing irritating my skin is her trying to crawl underneath it.

And this is the mother I'm related to? I'm starting to miss Suzanne Stewart and her eighty proof nightcaps. Although, the more I study Claire Anderson, the more I see a resemblance, though vague and distant. How could it be, that my mother back in Cider Plains wasn't a relation at all? And I can't get over what it might imply about Lacey. Not that it matters. Family is family. You don't need blood or paperwork to prove it.

My cell goes off. It's a text from Cooper. See you tonight?

I text back. Can't wait. Are you really OK?

I've already texted him twice this morning to make sure he's not dying in pain from his burns, but he assured me he has the power to heal, that he's already as good as new.

I'm OK. Promise.

I let out a breath.

I wish I could have been there for him last night. We left him bleeding in a parking lot, and if the Fem attack and falling in a fire weren't enough, he was forced to play taxi to an oversexed Carter and Jackson.

He sends another text. There's something I want to talk to you about. Maybe after the movie if you can spare a minute.

If I could spare a minute?

My stomach cycles at the thought of Cooper considering himself a second-class citizen in my life. I'd spare every minute, every second for Coop. Cooper answers me when I have questions, unlike Wes who was slow to accommodate last night when I asked what those creatures might have wanted. He said he'd look into it, but there was anger layered beneath the surface like he was pissed off at the right person but didn't want to share just who that might be.

I text back. I would spare every second for you. Whatever you need, there's nothing I wouldn't give you.

It feels odd expressing such a serious sentiment over the phone, in a text no less. It's true, though. Every word.

My phone buzzes softly. Can't wait to see you.

I half expected him to fire off some sarcastic remark about needing a friend with benefits or asking for a picture of me naked to use as a screensaver, but the fact he can't wait to see me is far better.

My phone bleats again. Also, I'm in the mood for a deep tissue massage-giving and getting. Hot candle wax and clothing are optional. Biting however is required.

I give a tiny smile. I can practically see the dirty grin on his face. Typical.

I pluck an orange sweater off the counter in my size and hand it to the woman who gets paid to be my shadow. Oddly, the color alone reminds me of Kresley, a bad omen in and of itself, so I take it back and give a curt smile.

"Laken." Mom's eyes bulge with mortification as though I had just shoved unpaid merchandise into my purse.

"Sorry, I'm just frustrated. I can't find anything."

"Junior's department." Mom speaks to the woman at my side and hands her a list of my various sizes. "Enough for two weeks," she instructs. She turns back and presses out a smile with those familiar lips. I've seen them a thousand times before when looking in the mirror. She has the same small M that crests over her top lip. "You should have clothes by morning." She spins on her heels toward Jen. "So..." Her voice vibrates through me. "How are you planning to dismantle this relationship you've been hanging onto for the last several years?"

Perhaps some sound advice from a self-described poverty p**n addict will bring wisdom and resolution to the situation, although I'd settle for a restraining order.

Jen gives a quick look of irritation before plucking underwear out of a stock bin and throwing them into the air like confetti. A small army of personal shoppers gather behind her and snap them up like popcorn.

"I'm not breaking up with Blaine." Jen pulls her lips in a line. "We're working through this."

"She's delusional," I say it mostly to myself.

My new unimproved mother sharpens her steel cut eyes over me. "Sometimes, Laken, it's best to go along with the delusions that life has to offer. In the end it could be a lot less catastrophic." Her words hold the promise of a thin-veiled threat.

I give a passive nod and fondle the phone in my hand as though it were Cooper himself. There's only Cooper I can trust.

Accepting the delusions that this world has to offer would be like drinking down vinegar-vomit inducing, vile, altogether impossible in nature.

I'd bathe in gasoline and walk through a fire to pull myself out of this alternate universe.

Something tells me I just might have to.

52

Power Position

Wharton Hall is decorated with large silver stars outside its normally ivy-covered exterior. A red carpet has been rolled out in front, complete with brass posts that sport thick velvet ropes that usher the way inside.

"They totally don't show R-rated movies here, like ever." Carter is quick to defend Ephemeral's questionable judgment.

One thing is clear, a lot of exceptions are being made in honor of Grayson's spectacular movie debut-like the fact I've just been informed by an overzealous Flynn there will be full frontal nudity provided by Ephemeral's most-prized daughter. I'm betting it lasts longer than any of her speaking parts combined. Although, I'm not surprised by this, I'm horrified that both Wes and Coop will be subject to her goliath mammary glands pressed against the big screen. This explains the slight bout of nausea I've experienced since learning of the birthday-suit extravaganza.

There's a palpable buzz in the air, new clothes mingle with the scent of expensive perfume, and it overpowers the senses. I spot Kresley and Grayson near the front. They look every bit the glamour queens they profess to be. Beauty is their religion. They worship at the altar of me, myself, and I.

Kresley sports a short red dress, her well-tanned skin glows underneath. It begs you to take in her remarkable legs that stretch for miles. Grayson is wearing a flesh-toned sweater that pays homage to the qualities the movie studio liked best about her and a pair of skinny jeans that show off the rest of her curves.

Before I left the department store I managed to come to my senses and pick up something decent to wear to the premiere, an off the shoulder metallic grey sweater paired with the priciest jeans in the northern hemisphere. I'm not up on my jean couture, but I figured if I paid enough, I'd stumble into the right ones.

"Is Cooper around?" I ask, pecking my neck in five hundred directions at once.

"You sure you're not seeing Coop?" Carter says it sultry as if there were real reasons for her to believe I was. There are, but that's beside the point.

"I'm seeing Wes. Wes is the love of my life. I'm going to marry Wes and have an entire tribe of dark-haired boys with eyes the color of a spring meadow, and you're going to envy me because you accidentally got stuck with my brother."

Carter lets out a riotous laugh. "Speaking of his hotness." She hops into me. "I think it's bordering on official. Fletch said he'd go out with me." She digs her nails into my sleeve like a vice.

"What about Jackson?" I look past her shoulder. He's tucked in a corner talking to Jen, and they both look equally dejected.

"I broke it off with him." She hitches her blond curls behind her ear. "He's totally okay with it." She looks past me and waves. I follow her gaze over to Fletch who happens to have scored a conversation with the D-list celebrity whose dishonor Ephemeral is busy exalting.

Carter zips off toward my brother who's made the moronic fashion choice of wearing dark sunglasses at night. Carter's the one who's blind for abandoning a perfectly good Jackson for Fletcher. But, seriously, if she ever did marry my brother, I wonder if she'd wake up one morning and realize she made a horribly wrong decision? I can't imagine how devastating it would be to wake up one day and realize you made a terrible mistake of both the conjugal and legal variety.

Cooper and Wes blink through my mind.

An arm encircles me from behind, and I wobble on my spiked heels.

A soft kiss lands on the side of my face revealing Wes in all his thunderous glory. The moon bleaches his hair with blue highlights and he holds the scent of aftershave and soap. There's nothing in the world I love more than a fresh-scrubbed Wes.

"Hey you!" A female voice cuts me off before I can properly greet him. Kresley strides over in heels twice as tall as mine with her chest out and br**sts at attention. She towers over us proud and erect like a sexed up giraffe. She licks her lips while fixated on Wes. "I want you to meet my new agent, the one I was telling you about." She tilts her head in a silent plea as if she never tried to slaughter our love with her twisted lies.

Wes presses my back into his chest, using me like a human shield.

"Maybe later." His breath sizzles down my neck, assuring me that all of the promise of later lies with me.

I bite down a smile as Kresley gives in defeat. You could see the blood boiling- the promise of revenge percolating in those pale eyes.

"Cooper's here." She looks right at me, hitches her thumb toward the dark mouth of the building with a gleam of delight. "I heard he was looking for you, Laken. He's so interested in you. He says you fascinate him." She sings the words like a song, like she wants me to believe she knows something, and she just might.

"He was hurt last night." Wes is quick to inform her. He takes me by the hand and speeds us into the facility. Damn lucky he wasn't killed-better luck next time.

I take a quick breath and pull my hand back pretending to dig something out of my purse. The thought of Wes even implying he wishes Cooper was dead is enough to set me off.

I'm suddenly very much regretting my newfound ability to read Wesley's toxic mind.

Flynn takes a seat to my left and Wes to my right. The theater dims without me having exchanged a single glance with Cooper.

I watched from afar as Grayson all but introduced him to her parents as her boyfriend-as she offered him a seat sandwiched between her and her mother. This should go over well once the one-eyed girls go flying on screen, supersized no less.

Ms. Paxton takes the stage with her hair neatly pulled back in a spectacularly tight bun. She's just shaved off ten years from the inadvertent facelift her hairstyle affords.

Mr. Edinger inspects the crowd like a bouncer. He wears an understated grin as he pans the vicinity and stops dead when he zeros in on me. He offers a short-lived smile as if he were looking for me all along. There's something evil about him. Wicked. My bones chill unnaturally each time he smothers me with his special brand of demented attention.

Flynn leans into me as Ms. Paxton drones on about what an honor it is to have such an esteemed actress in our midst. "My parents got the official F.U. from the queen bitch herself."

"What?"

"They want all Casper's shit cleared off campus-lockers... crap from her room."

"I'm sorry." I can't believe they'd be that heartless. On second thought, I can. "So what'd they say?"

Flynn presses his lips directly into my ear. "They accused her of campus abandonment-grounds for expulsion. But if she were to return, they'd entertain the idea of reinstating her."

"How very generous."

Flynn raises a brow. His sad eyes linger over me as the theater darkens.

I lean back toward Wes and take up his hand.

"Everything okay?" he whispers it sweet.

I nod and relax into his shoulder. It feels good like this with Wes, safe in the dark.

"You look beautiful." He seals the sentiment with a kiss.

Wes and his ebony splendor, those eyes that glow like jade. I can't bear the thought of not having him, of losing him to whatever it is that's eroding him from the inside.

He glances over at me as he settles in close. Wish she didn't feel like she doesn't have me. Wes looks right at me and pushes out a dry smile. I love you so damn much, Laken, with everything in me, always have. He brings my hand up and rolls it over his lips. I'm going to bring you back. Stop the erosion of whatever the hell it is that's keeping you away from me.

I sink down in my seat, pull my hand free, and slip it over his knee, safely away from his roving thoughts, his stagnant idea of what's become of me. His disbelief is beginning to overshadow everything we once stood for. I wish it didn't matter that he didn't believe me, that it was enough that he loved me. But it's not.

A spotlight falls over Coop, bright as a halo, and my heart swells. This is all wrong. I can't feel anything for him. I forbid myself from doing so.

The movie starts and drags on for miles. Each time Grayson makes a cameo, the theater erupts with whistles and howls. Her face stands out gargantuan and flawless even on such a magnified zoom.

Figures. You could enlarge Grayson to the size of the Empire State building, and men would still fall over themselves to have her. Maybe I should spend my energy rooting for her to win Coop's heart. But the thought rises in the back of my throat like vomit. I'd rather eat vomit than root for Grayson and Coop as a couple.

I revert my attention to the movie and resist the urge to fall sleep. I'm no stranger to napping in theaters. Wes used to tease me and ask if I enjoyed my nap and popcorn.

The movie picks up speed. After a while, Agent Zero, a bald man with a fresh-shaven chest locks the door behind him, trapping her in his bedroom. In all fairness, it's her fourth time on screen and she's been relatively modest with the exception of the ever-present view of her cle**age. Then it happens. The camera pans in and her countenance lights up the room. She plucks her shirt over her head and yanks off her bra in one swift move-does a little dance as she wiggles free from its constraints.

I watch Coop as he shifts uncomfortably in his seat. Grayson leans into him with pride-so willing to evoke an erection out of him. It takes everything in me not to go over and smack her with her five-hundred-dollar purse.

Wes picks up my hand and bounces it on his lap. God-bet she smothers Coop to death with those things. At least he'll die happy.

The scene pulls out for an eternity. Grayson's face contorts in all kinds of questionably artificial positions.

I excuse myself from my seat, citing an incompetent bladder. In reality I should have cited incompetent acting or incompetent boob job since clearly her left nipple was off center. It was a wandering eye for Pete's freaking sake. It made me dizzy just watching. I'll puke if I'm forced to expose myself to the juvenile p**n ography for one more Grayson minute.

The cool of the foyer washes over me, the sky outside has settled a rich shade of sapphire.

"Hey." A deep voice resonates from behind.

Cooper.

He gleams with a devilish delight-tucks his chin a notch and walks methodically toward me.

"You're missing the best part," I say, backing into a darkened corridor.

"This is the best part." It comes out low, husky.

Cooper relaxes his hand against the wall, pinning me in by proxy. I can feel the heat, the energy stream off him like an oven.

"You wanted to say something?" I can feel it coming. His eyes magnetize to mine as he comes in for the kill.

It's strangulating like this with Coop. For the first time since I can remember, everything feels unimaginably real. I trace the outline of his lips with trembling fingers.

"This is never going to work," I breathe the words erratic.

"Laken," he whispers. So much soul and sadness trapped in those vocal cords. "I've never felt like this about anybody before."

I take a breath and hold it.

"I know you have feelings for Wes." He interlaces our fingers. "But that was old Wes. He's not the same person. Believe me, Laken, he's everything you're fighting against."

There's a heartfelt sorrow exuding from him.

I try to break my gaze, but I can't look away from the sincerity in Cooper's eyes.

"You don't have to say anything." He presses his finger over my lips light as a feather before kissing the tip and returning it to my mouth. "Just know, I'm going to help you through this. I promise, I'll bring you home, Laken. And to do that-" He looks away briefly. His Adam's apple rises and falls as he gives a hard swallow. "I think its best I don't get in your way with Wes."

My heart drops.

I thought Cooper Flanders was going to say he loves me, that he can't live without me, and that we should head to the nearest bush and rut like animals.

I let out a sigh and press in a chaste kiss just shy of his lips that would make Jen proud-well, maybe not in this case, but still, I've met her stringent requirements.

"I love you, Laken." His eyes widen just a notch as though the admission came out unsupervised.

"You love me?" My voice breaks as I say it. I love Cooper. I don't know why, but I do. It's different than with Wes. Loving Cooper is like swimming in oxygen, and loving Wes is like fighting to breathe while drowning in a sea of mud. With Wes, it's like our lives are being played out on the big screen. All of his feelings run according to the script, but there's something fabricated about them. No matter how much you love the characters in a film and want them to be real-they're still actors.

It's Cooper who has my heart in the most meaningful way.

His eyes widen as he brings my hand to his lips.

"Thank you." It comes out sad. Cooper smiles with his eyes as if my mental admission was all he would ever have to hear. "I need you safe, and I don't think you'd be safe with me. I think Wes is key to getting you home, even if he doesn't realize it. I can't get you into the inner circle, but he's a card carrying member." His brows depress. "God, Laken, I would rearrange the universe to make you mine, I swear it."

I hold a breath a moment too long. Cooper pushing me into Wesley's arms is simply a way to save me. I wonder if Wes would do the same to save my sanity-hand me over to someone willing to believe me. Somehow I find this doubtful.

"I care about you too, Coop." The words sing from me like a eulogy. "I don't know what to do with that."

He shakes his head. "Let's get you safe, get my mom and Casper home. We can figure the rest out later. If Wes is the one that makes you happy, then that's what I want for you." He drills a petition into me by way of those diamond eyes, denying the words from his lips. "But we have something special, Laken, and I'll be damned if I'm going down without a fight."

A slow spreading smile buds on my lips, and I can't hide it.

"We'd better get back." I tick my head toward Grayson's overexposure.

He wraps an arm around my waist as we make our way down the long corridor. Everything feels right in the world with Cooper by my side.

"You know what I was thinking?" Coop picks up my hand and rubs the inside of my palm. "We should hit a bush later and rut like animals."

"Cooper!" I swat him in the chest.

I really do love Coop.

The affect washes from his face. "I know," he whispers, pulling me in. He presses in a careful kiss high up on my cheek and sets everything in me on fire.

53

Spooky Hollow

The next night, Flynn collects what little remains of his sister's belongings and places it in a giant black trash bag-nothing but paperbacks and few stray purses since the wardrobe magician ensured her things disappeared, too.

"I've got a storage locker. I guess I'll keep it there." He schleps a load of books and beauty supplies to the side. "Anything you want?" He offers. "I mean you didn't really get to know her, but she was pretty nice once you did."

"Oddly, I feel like I knew her best," I say, picking up the tattered teddy bear that Jen is kind enough to keep in front of her pillow. "How about this?" I hold it up by a partially severed paw. It's seen some serious childhood mileage-obviously, one of her most treasured possessions.

"It's yours." He sinks a barrage of stuffed animals into the sack one slam-dunk after another.

"Do you know if she kept a journal?" She mentioned she took notes. I bet she had tons of leads on who might be running this hijack for hire ring of corpses.

"I don't know." Flynn sounds exasperated. "I hardly spent any time with her." He swipes clean the jewelry from the top shelf of her desk and tosses it in the bag haphazard.

Jen barrels in and smacks Flynn on the shoulder. "Get out." She fluffs her hair in the mirror then brushes her teeth with her finger. "The Autumn Sacrament is downstairs in ten. Why aren't you dressed?" She swats her hand in my direction like she's sweeping the floor.

"I'm very much clothed." I pluck at my jeans.

"A dress, Laken," she yells, disappearing into the closet.

Jen reemerges and tosses a navy blue frock at me that screams get me to a nun right this f**king minute.

I take my cloth-based punishment into the bathroom, and by the time I get out, Flynn has already taken off with his bag of Casper's things. Death has its way of reducing you to paperbacks and teddy bears-prompting others to cast lots for your garments.

Jen swoops over and places a necklace on me. Thankfully the dress turned out to be much more formfitting than previously anticipated. I could easily get kicked out of any convent in the country wearing this short, tight, tribute to my svelte figure.

"You're going to outshine all those other girls tonight." She steps back exposing a thin gold chain that blends into my flesh with a pendant the size of a nickel. A bright blue sapphire surrounded by diamonds floats proud on my chest.

"Thank you." I finger it a moment. It's a thing of beauty, a gift from my sister. "It's beautiful."

"I know we're not always close, but I really do love you, Laken." She wraps her arms around me and gives a light kiss against my cheek.

"You ever talk to Blaine?" I know full well Jen went out to dinner with the douchebag. I hate to pry, but I want to be there for her.

"Unfortunately, I did." Her eyes narrow in on mine. "He's not feeling so hot-stomach flu I think." Her lips curl into a smile when she says it.

"Be careful, that spreads like wildfire," I say.

"I'm pretty sure that wildfire is well-contained."

Downstairs in the commons area, the lights are dimmed all the way down. We stand shoulder to shoulder, each holding a tapered candle with a wax circle near the base. It turns out Austen House has its own designer wardrobe. Long navy robes with oversized hoods that crest over the top of our heads.

I lean into Carter. "Someone alert the monastery, the monks are about to make a break for it."

She gives a choo-choo train laugh that effectively blows out her candle.

"Here," I offer, holding out my flame.

"Light my fire." Her eyes light up a brilliant crimson. "Sort of what your brother did for me last night."

"Eww! TMI, Carter-TMI."

Kresley leads the procession out the door and into the ice-breathed air with Carter and I holding up the rear. Carter is like a sugared-up three-year-old, wiggling and giggling just begging for a verbal reprimand. Fallon with her perennial look of boredom shuffles alongside us.

"Laken."

I straighten at the sound.

I recognize that haunted voice. It comes at me in duplicate, and I don't need a poltergeist roadmap to let me know the Tobias sisters want in on the midnight ritual.

I look back at Fallon to see if she noticed anything. Her dark hair falls over her porcelain skin. Her bloated lips glow a bright fuchsia that commands my attention. Behind her a shadow darts behind Austen House as if ducking out of view.

I fish my cell out of my bra and text Coop, slow and uncoordinated with my left hand.

Creepy shit alert. I hit send and hope he knows what the hell I'm talking about.

A second later. Where?

Then. AH. Nevermind.

A choir of voices breakout in our midst as Jen leads us into some sort of demon-inspired chant. The dew settles over us, coats us with its disapproval for being out at this late hour, and with satanic robes and candles no less.

It's like we're trying to insight a supernatural incident. It's no wonder the Tobias sisters have come out to play-we've inadvertently called them.

The girls start in on a song, slow and lustrous. It's a familiar tune, sounds like Hallelujah but something altogether different in a language I don't recognize. They chant the same haunting refrain over and over.

I look back, and a glittering illumination catches my attention from the crest of the hill. A pair of thin-railed girls, wearing dirty white dresses, their long hair missing in patches, gape back at me. They each break out in a devilish grimace, and I straighten at the sight.

A scream gets trapped in my throat as I spin back around. They're trying to freak me out. I'm going to scream like a loon only to have them disappear, and it'll be me who ends up in a nice padded room at the Flanders estate. Maybe Wes set this up? Maybe deep inside, he wishes Dr. Flanders would zap the shit out of me and reinstate all of my false memories so he could get into my pants already.

We maintain our slow gait as the forest draws near. If Kresley doesn't form her demonic circle soon, we'll end up in the Fem diner at rush hour.

Shit.

I tap Carter on the shoulder. "Where we going?"

"Sleepy Hollow."

"What?"

"The woods," she hisses back annoyed.

"The woods?" I say a little too loud.

Double shit!

I pluck my phone out of my bra in a hurry and accidently send a stream of molten candle wax down my chest. I let out a deep guttural groan capable of luring an entire tribe of Yetis out from hiding, let alone Fems and Spectators who aren't opposed to a game of hide and feast.

"Shh!" Jen walks back and gives me the crazy eyes with her finger pressed hard over her lips.

"Got it," I whisper. I wait until she dissolves ahead into the murky shadows before sending a mass text Flynn, Wes, and Coop. Sleepy freaking Hollow!!!

Of course, I'm heavily relying on the fact the three of them will understand where exactly Sleepy Hollow lies and that it's not just some cutesy nickname that Carter and one of her many bare assed suitors bequeathed this place.

My cell lights up an iridescent blue.

It's Wes.

Have fun.

Have fun? Have fun doing what? Getting my neck gnawed off by a swarm of the undead who feel social integration is the next lucrative move in their brain eating endeavors? Clearly he's insane.

The phone blinks-its Coop. On my way.

"Thank you," I whisper.

The forest swallows us one by one. The candles dim to nervous quivers in this ebony environment. I follow Carter as we meander for what feels like hours chanting the false hallelujah that I can't seem to grasp. In essence it sounds beautiful, haunting, like we were on our way to see God-and at this pace, at this place, we just might unwittingly achieve that goal.

"Sisters!" A cry emits from the front. I can't tell whether or not it's coming from Kresley. It sounded mature, otherworldly like it came from a distant time.

God-maybe that's what we're doing here? Meeting up with the ghosts of Austen House past.

A pair of white clouds settle on either side of me, morphing quickly into a set of Tobias sister bookends.

I try to scream, to gasp, but an invisible stone lodges in my throat, the steel fingers of fear wrap themselves around my neck.

A shiver runs through me as the two long dead girls materialize in their emaciated state. They look like creatures, like things-anything but human. They graze against my flesh igniting an electrical charge in the air. A current sparks from them, waiting to combust. It radiates like heat, licking the dry parched air for a flame. They waft their hands through me as if I were a vapor. A vision begins to play like a reel in my mind. The two of them are screaming while a pair of strong men sink their teeth into their necks. I can see the clear look of horror on their faces-feel their fear-their pain.

They shoulder up to me on either side as I pull my head back ready to unleash a primal cry.

If I'm going to die tonight in the forest, I'm going down screaming.

54

Haunted

A blinding fog swirls at demonic speeds throughout the forest. The moon glows high above like a memory. It filters through the dark cloaked evergreens impotent and self-serving in contrast to the ring of fire we've created, each with our own candle.

Just as I'm about to expel a vocal outburst capable of animating every creature living and dead in the entire state of Connecticut, the Tobias sisters step away. All of my thoughts are my own and I'm no longer plagued by visions of their maddening demise. Instead, they morph into pretty young girls with clean-pressed dresses and well-combed hair that proliferates over their entire scalp.

It's shallow of me to like them more with their beauty pageant smiles, their semi-bouffant coifs, but let's call a spade a spade-a ghost is altogether less frightening if he or she can provide its audience with a little eye-candy.

"Tonight we are gathered," a voice howls from the front, "to celebrate the beginning of another great year at Austen House."

The questionable leadership of Austen House saw fit to deposit us in the deep end of the Spectator's swimming pool with no life raft, and no Coop. But thankfully he's on his way, unlike Wesley who told me to "have fun." And why in the hell would Wes say that if he's the one who told me to stay out of the forest to begin with? Does Ms. Paxton know about this yearly midnight jaunt?

"At Austen House it is tradition to partake in the sacred spirits. Sister Jen will come around-one sip-nothing more."

"Spirits?" I whisper to Carter.

"More like rubbing alcohol. Some mystery crap left behind by the founder."

"It hasn't run out?" Supposedly, Austen House is ancient.

"It's an Austen House miracle," she says, pierced with ecstasy. Somehow I think she's reliving her own Austen House miracle, the one that was delivered last night by my brother of all people.

The miracle of the spirits-I find this both laughable and possibly corrosive to my liver.

I watch as Jen holds out a small bottle. The girls push it to their lips and return it in haste, wiping their tongues over their robes to rid the flavor.

Jen steps over to Jax. She reaches into the small wicker basket nestled in her arm and pulls out a vial exclusively for girls who sleep with douchebags named Blaine. Jen's lips curve into a malevolent smile as she passes the concoction. There's something sinister about Jen right now, and for a brief moment I think of letting her carry out the potential homicide.

Shit.

How can she so obviously poison Jax? Doesn't she realize prison is no place for a nice virgin like her? Must she learn everything the hard way?

I leap over to Jax in time to knock the slender urn from her hand, and in turn send both our candles flying. The dry needles that line the forest floor ignite in a rush before pronouncing themselves in a heap like a bonfire. Flames shoot six feet high as if someone left the gas on in the furnace and funneled it in this direction.

A choir of screams breaks out. Candles and girls explode every which way.

Jen catches the back of Jax's robe and knocks her to the ground just shy of the inferno.

"Jen!" I scream. Forget prison, they're going to send her straight to the electric chair.

Jax thrashes around with her hair lit up like a birthday candle. She screams with flames shooting over her scalp before sticking her head in the mud and swishing it around like an eraser.

As quick as the fire came, it diminishes to embers, leaving just enough of an orange glow to scar the landscape.

"Laken." My name carrousels around me in a spiral of insanity.

The smoke and fog intermingle. It blinds me, chokes the breath from my lungs like a pair of strong hands. I tear off the oversized robe. My eyes burn as I fight to keep them open.

The forest changes-the smoke dissipates, dissolving low to the ground, encircling my feet like vaporous snakes. The sky peers through the roof of branches, navy with a frost of glittering stars. It's as clear as a summer night and this startles me.

The Tobias sisters appear in full bloom-one on either end-nothing but the remnants of a sizzling fire before and after me. The other girls are gone, swallowed by the night, the ground, or something far more sinister. A bird calls in the distance. It echoes through the woods followed by a startling silence.

"Shit," I pant.

"Laken?" A male voice booms in the distance.

"Coop?" I cough through the residual smoke.

Two shadows run in my direction. They bolt through the haze as thick as clouds-Cooper and Flynn.

Just as they land shy of my feet the ground loosens, and we fall right through.

We land with a thud in what looks like the same place we left. The forest has returned to its natural state, younger trees, less dense than I remember, a perfect clearing in exchange for the charred brush we abandoned. The smoke is replaced with a thin veil of fog. I drink down oxygen like its water as I gasp for air.

"Welcome." The voice of a girl emits from behind.

I'm more than relieved to be standing beside Cooper and Flynn. I reach over and take up Coop by the hand.

"Hattie," she introduces herself. She stands tall and pretty with wide almond eyes that hold fragments of light. "My sister, Amelia, doesn't wish to speak to you." Her demeanor darkens.

Flynn grabs a hold of my other hand, and I give him a quick look.

"What?" he whispers. "I'm scared."

"What year is it?" Cooper asks as though he knows it's not the right one.

"Nineteen fifty three, two weeks three days, and seventeen minutes until my sister and I are taken captive by the vile filthy rags of humanity, those that dare blemish the holy Nephil race-your people, Laken." She slices the air with her venom. There's something unnatural about her in general. Something is definitely wrong when you can shape shift and time travel, when your eyes look as though they can unrepentantly suck in the universe at will.

"What do you want?" Cooper takes on the role of mediator. Maybe all they truly want is some male companionship. Maybe they're just using the time continuum as some speed-dating service. I'll gladly give them Flynn, but I'm willing to put up a stellar catfight for Coop.

Cooper squeezes my hand and gives a knowing smile.

My face sears the color of a thousand different sunsets at the prospect of Cooper hearing about my feline affection for him.

"Speed dating service? Nonsense, Laken."

I take in a quick breath.

She can hear my thoughts, and we're nowhere near touching.

Hattie takes a bold step forward, exposing a pair of white, laced boots from under a full wool skirt that drops past her knees. "We've been meaning to introduce ourselves, but we we're amused by your constant howls of terror." It's nice to know they find my vocal outbursts entertaining.

She steps into me. "For whatever reason, the Counts failed to infiltrate your cerebral structure. They wanted to replenish your mind with memories and ideas that never existed. They removed you from your family, planted you in a new one-decided who you will and will not see. The Countenance understands only one thing, the proliferation of their people. Isn't that right, Flynn?" She turns and takes him in. "Have you enjoyed the benefits and the power that your strength and speed have afforded you on the football field? In the bedroom?"

I glance over as the moon washes him a faint shade of blue. He looks guilty, as if Hattie hit the misuse of superpowers right on the head. Not that I care. Flynn could rain destruction on every football team in the country. Who could really blame him for implementing those devices? It's not like steroids are involved. To him speed and strength are natural. Speaking of which, where the hell are mine?

"And you, precious Cooper." She comes over and cradles his cheek in her hand. It looks sexual, her face enflamed with passion. Hattie's features are flawless, not one sign of decay, no hollow eyes, no missing teeth. She holds a breathless beauty, sharp as a tack. "You are our brother in every way. Siding with a Count to pry your way into her heart? Why bother with filth when there are perfectly beautiful celestial beings roaming free on the planet?"

Cooper clenches his jaw. It's taking all of his self-control not to explode. "I don't know what's going on or what your intentions are, but we need to get back immediately. You didn't have a right to take us," he says it stern, telling them off in the nicest way possible. Although, judging by the fire brewing in Hattie's eyes, that little reprimand is equivalent to a nineteen fifties bitch-slap.

"You may never speak to me that way." Her voice renders a cruel edge that ensures he's crossed a line. "I am your elder, and I am far from finished." Her words fly like razors. "Let me lay out my intentions for you. Laken-you're to access the deepest part of their network. Your contribution will be paltry at best."

"I'm one step ahead of you," I say. Weird having the same agenda as a dead girl-two dead girls. And I hardly consider my contribution paltry, more like sacrificial because, in the end, it might cost me Wes.

God forbid it cost me Wes.

"Paltry is correct." She steps in front of me. "You love Wesley. Your affection is forever with him." Her lips twist in a bow. "But your affection has been divided, and your heart belongs to Cooper." She narrows her dark eyes over him-licks her lips with a wash of lust. "Don't trust her Cooper, she turns on you. I've seen this."

I shake my head. "That's impossible. I would never turn on you, Coop. I swear." I tighten my grip on him and pull in close until I'm hiding behind him like a coward.

"Your families..." She glances down, overcome by great sorrow. "They reside in the tunnels."

"My mom." Cooper takes a breath.

"Casper?" Flynn takes a step forward as if he were about to shake her down.

Hattie rakes me with her coal black eyes until it feels like my skin is about to blister. "All of them."

"What do you mean all of them?" I step out from behind Coop. If Flynn won't shake her down, I will.

"Surmise what you will." She bounces over to her sister as if she never dispensed the morbid news.

"How do we get to them?" Flynn demands.

"In time," she sings. "You see-it seems my family is locked away someplace entirely different. We have a younger sister, a brother, and a father." Her gaze drifts into the forest, forlorn and hopeless before that evil spark returns to her eye.

Family? They've got to be in their sixties or seventies at least. For all we know they could be dead.

"They live." She looks right at me affirming the fact she's prying into my cerebral musings. "They've stagnated. My brother forever seventeen, my father fifty-three."

"And your sister?" I ask.

"Nine." It speeds out of her. "Like yours."

She knows everything. They're everywhere.

"You're the ones who took the pictures." The words heave out of me.

"No, Laken." Her lips curl as she exchanges a secret look with her sister. "Free my family." A plume of fog escapes her lips with the demand. "We'll lead you to yours."

"Where are they? How do we free them?" Cooper wants to run but doesn't know which direction or how long the race is.

"They're Spectators," she snaps. There's a challenge in her eyes, and I can only imagine what that means.

"We can't help you." Cooper looks to me. There's no way.

"Then we can't help you." The Tobias sisters disappear in a clap of thunder.

The ground shifts. We land back in the full-grown forest with smoke rising around us, the wail of fire trucks perforating the night.

Coop reaches over and takes up both my hands. "We need to get my mom and Casper back."

"They've got us by the balls. They know we need them," Flynn says, coughing through the fumes. "I'll see what I can find out about the tunnels."

"You think my family's down there?" There's a newfound panic in me over where exactly Lacey and my mother might be.

"That's what it sounds like." Coop looks suspicious, like maybe he doesn't believe them.

I wish I didn't.

"We need to find a way to help those witches," I whisper.

Cooper squeezes my hand. Or maybe we just need them to think we're helping.

55

Swallow the Impossible

Nefarious dark clouds swirl in the night. They blossom overhead, cantankerous and foul. I pull out the shapes they invoke, the skull, the barren tree-the casket.

Cooper leads Flynn and me to the back of Melville House. We sit under the eaves and watch the sky light up in shattered jags of lightning.

"Coop?" I push into him, settling my shoulder into his chest. "If the Tobias sisters were Celestra, why would their family have been resurrected? I thought the Counts were greedy with their God-like abilities."

"The Counts are greedy." He takes up my hand right there in front of Flynn. "That's why they experimented on the Celestra prisoners, first."

"And some of them were young like their sister." I shake my head. "They killed them, just to bring them back to see if it would work."

"Why so many?" Flynn interjects. "Why not five, twenty, even? Rumor has it there are f**king thousands."

"Because it worked for a while." Cooper lets out a sigh and a long pull of fog streams from his lips. "Once the general Count population got wind, they wanted their dead relatives brought back before the body was cold. You needed a fresh death to work with-my dad thinks the resurrection went to the highest bidder."

I shake my head at the thought. "How the hell did everything go so wrong?"

"Took years for the decomposition to hit the fan."

"Dude." Flynn is dazed by the idea. "There is no effing way we're going to reconstitute some sixty-year-old Spectators. It's not happening."

"There is a way." Coop pulls his cheek up on one side. "Ezrina."

"Ez-who?" Flynn chokes it out.

"She's this witch-a troll, I don't really know what she is. She's like the keeper of the underworld," he says it plain.

"Really?" I ask.

"She's intensely insane." Coop nods. "She's the one who cooked up the formula for conversion to begin with. After the second generation resurrections took, she was never able to rectify those bodies she already converted. First generation got the shaft. Every now and again they escape to find a better way for themselves on their own. If the Tobias family is still down there, hoping for a conversion, maybe I can convince her to use them as guinea pigs-see if takes."

"And if it doesn't?" I'm almost afraid to ask.

"Our families get the shaft," Flynn huffs at the idea.

"We find them on our own." There's a renewed fight in me.

"I like where you're going." Cooper pulls me in with his eyes and holds me in their sanctuary. "But I have a feeling we're going to need the Tobias sisters. The last place we'll find the Celestra tunnels will be on earth."

His words slither up my back like a snake. The world is wide enough on its own, and now there are questionable spaces, alternate dimensions where they might dwell that we could never reach.

The sky lights up in lavender tendrils as a ferocious roar unleashes overhead.

"Tell them we'll work with them." Flynn nods into the idea.

"They want Laken," Coop says.

"Even better." Flynn gives a lazy grin.

"Thanks." I groan.

"You're a girl," Flynn gravels it out as if I were the last meal on earth and he wanted a bite. "You can decode their estrogen readings better than we can."

"They're dead, Flynn." I turn to Coop. "Why would they want my help?" I wash over Cooper with a gentle gaze. His features shine a dull silver under the cast of light streaming from Melville.

"They want a Count to be responsible for the fallout."

"Nice," I muse. "So when the Celestra blood bank closes up shop, the Counts will know whose head to put on the chopping block." And, probably quite literally.

"Exactly." Cooper gives a heartfelt nod. "No faction dispute, just homegrown treason at its finest. I'm betting the Tobias sisters want Celestra hands clean."

"I don't get it." It comes out a whimper. "I'm the least of the Counts. I'm for sure not a diehard. The last thing I want to do is align myself with the bastards." All I wanted to do was prove that I wasn't from here, that I had a life somewhere else-that Wes and Fletch did, too.

A lone tear threatens to fall, and I blink it back before it has a chance to cloud the world with its liquid sorrow.

"You're possibly the only Count alive that wants out of the organization." Coop gives a sly smile. "Who better to stab them in the heart than one of their own?" A fracture of light sizzles through the sky, and he examines me under the electrical display. "Besides, I think you owe the Tobias sisters in a big way."

"I do?"

"They confirmed everything we knew." Cooper wraps an arm around my waist and pulls me in. He dusts my forehead with his lips. "You're lucid."

"Laken?" Wesley's voice explodes in the night like a siren.

"I'd better go," I say, shaking the soot off the back of my dress.

"I wouldn't tell Wes," Flynn suggests, surprising me. From Coop I'd expect it.

"He won't work with us. He's too indoctrinated," Cooper adds. "Good night, Laken." He wraps his arms around me for a very long time before pulling away and taking me in. "You look so beautiful," he whispers it low but even then Flynn can hear him. "I just want you to know I'll never forget how gorgeous you look tonight."

Wes belts out my name-his voice draws in on us just below Melville House and my head explodes with pain. At least now I know why I'm getting the headaches-the windshield, the resurrection-it's all real.

Cooper glances off in the distance and swivels his hands over my back. "If you need anything at all. Just say the word, and I'll be there."

"I know." I pull him in for one last hug before taking off into the blank canvas of night.

I follow Wesley's desperate cries until I spot his heavily shadowed frame on the outskirts of the knoll just below Austen House.

"Wes?" I shout. My Wes-Celestra-blood-thirsty Wes.

I hate this. Everything about this is wrong.

"Laken!" He charges in my direction, wraps his arms around my waist, happy to have found me.

God, I love you, he seals the invisible sentiment with a kiss that falls in line with eternity. If you could pull a kiss out for miles, this would be the one.

"I fell in the forest," I pant, looking up into his face. "Funny thing is I saw myself in that tree house again." I smooth out my expression. "Things started coming back to me."

"Laken." An arid rose blooms from his lips. The amethyst sky illuminates in a seizure from above. His teeth flash a brilliant pearl and light up the night resplendent. "Knew it. You're going to be all right." He takes in my scent at the neck, dots my face with a spastic spray of kisses. "What the hell happened out there tonight?"

"Jen-she knocked into Jax-there must have been a ricochet effect." I spit out the lies faster than I can process them. "Did we avert an Austen House massacre? No one's dead, right?" I'd feel horrible if someone died in the melee.

"No one's dead. You were the last accounted for." Wes gives a strained look out into the forest. "We'd better get you home. Jen's hysterical."

"So you're saying she's her normal self." I lean into him as his chest rumbles alongside mine.

"I think we should do something to commemorate us as a couple." He jostles into my shoulder as he says it.

"Time travel?" I blink up at him, trying to usher the fact, I've already done it once tonight, out of my mind.

"I'm still working on that. I have just enough juice to get us somewhere and not bring us back."

"Oh, right." Juice.

"I think we should head to Charity next weekend-I can teach you to use your powers." He pulls me in under the fat belly of the moon. "I promise you one thing," he whispers as he lands a gentle kiss across my lips, "it will be unforgettable."

Austen House is frazzled with girls huddled around the fireplace recanting every last detail to a rather peeved-looking Ms. Paxton. Wes goes over to talk to her while I hunt down Jen.

I run upstairs and smack into a giant cushion of a body as I turn the corner.

It's Grayson in her silk-robed glory.

"I saw you tonight," she hisses, her burgundy lips set in a snarl.

"Yes, and I saw you. We were all there, remember?" I try to dart around, but she blocks my path.

"You were with him," she accuses. "You're cheating on Wes with Cooper." She says it so freaking loud I flinch at the thought that maybe Wes heard.

"I'm with Wes. He's downstairs right now waiting for me." Oddly, it feels like a betrayal to Cooper to say that. Wes is a compass-a guide to the nexus of this wickedness. But until I release him from the stranglehold the Counts have on his memory, a part of him remains a counterfeit.

"Tell me you don't like Cooper Flanders." She drills her vacant eyes into me like a dare.

"Everybody likes Cooper Flanders." I can feel the heat rush to my cheeks. "He's just a friend. He's helping me with lit."

She swallows down a laugh. "You are such a liar. I saw the two of you take off in the forest." Her eyes gleam with vicious pleasure. "I'm going to hang you, Laken. When I'm through, you won't have Wes or Cooper to lean on. Not even Flynn will want to come near you. I don't know how they can even stomach you after you got high out of your f**king mind and nailed half the basketball team."

"I did?" That vision I had when Miles forced his lips upon me replays in my mind like a movie.

"Some rumors don't lie." Her lips curl victoriously.

"Is that what I did at Rycroft?" I say it more to myself than Grayson. And Jen still thought I was a virgin? I bet it was the zero-drug policy that supposedly got me booted and not the zero "going down on jocks" policy.

"Must have stung like hell when your own boyfriend found you-reported you to campus officials. Boys turn on you, Laken. And, I'm going to make sure Cooper and Wes do exactly that. You're so damaged it's sickening." She knocks into my shoulder as she takes off downstairs.

That's what I supposedly did? The basketball team?

I'm going to find the bastard that devised my alternate identity and strangle him with my bare hands. I could have done any number of things to get expelled and none of them needed to make me look like some female version of Tucker, the man-whore of Cider Plains.

I'll have to be extra careful with Coop. The last thing I need is the white-haired witch dismantling everything I'm working so hard to get back-namely Wes in all his former glory. I need Wesley in my life more than ever and for far stranger reasons than I could have imagined.

The door to my bedroom sits ajar, and I can hear Jen giggling, but its pitch black inside.

Dear God, she's finally ditched her sanity.

I flick on the lights and jump back at the sight.

Shit!

Jen and a very bare-chested Jackson spike up on her bed. Her hair is disheveled, and a crimson smudge lies over both their lips.

Oh my, God.

"I was just getting a sweater." I back out of the room without bothering.

"We were just talking!" Jen shouts after me.

I turn off the lights and shut them inside.

Looks like Jen found someone to share kisses with, and from the looks of the lust-filled map drawn over their faces, they were anything but chaste.

Time to have a little unchaste time myself, with Wes. Although the idea of surrendering myself to this new version feels a lot like I'm cheating on the Wesley I once knew. Maybe it's me who needs to wait for his memory to restore itself.

56

Zombie Nights

Wes and I drive over to his mother's house where he swears he has a real bedroom just like the rest of civilization.

"I'll have to see it with my own eyes." I try to smear it with as much disbelief as possible. Truth is, I would love another piece to the puzzle that is Wesley Paxton. This mysterious persona who's hijacked someone so pure and simple and turned him into a viable monster.

I'm still wearing the navy dress from earlier. There was no way I was going to ruin Jen's foray into French kissing.

I glance over at Wes as he drives-so silent and strong with his chest broad as a wall. The thought of him kissing me used to give me pleasure. Now it twists my insides with an ever-so-slight ache. The Tobias sisters, well, Hattie, said that I'd always have an affection for Wes but that my heart belonged to Cooper.

I drop my gaze to the dashboard and feel the weight of those words. I'm not sure I'm willing to admit she was right-ever.

The houselights are on as Wes and I head up.

"She said she left in a hurry-didn't think she locked the doors." He spins the knob confirming her theory. Wes waits for me to cross the threshold first, a perfect gentleman in every way.

A dark shadow elongates from the kitchen, and I hop behind Wes, startled.

"It's just me." Mr. Edinger holds his hands out as he makes his way into the living room. "Ellen mentioned she had an emergency, so I wanted to come by and see if everything was okay." He holds up a sandwich. "A quick bite never hurt, either." The chandelier casts a pale halo over him as he takes us both in. "I was just leaving, in fact." He gives Wes a knowing wink.

"No, it's okay." Wes tries to play it off like it was nothing, like we weren't going to head upstairs and see how much my memory, or his, really mattered in our unification efforts.

"I'll show myself out the back." He settles his gaze over me for a moment. His brows dip over his hooded eyes. They clue the world in on his sinister nature. Mr. Edinger hides a secret laugh just beneath his perennial smirk. "I see you're through with your tutor."

Is he talking about Cooper?

"So many papers to work on this year," he continues, "I'm sure you'll grow to know him quite intimately." There it is, that drawl I heard in the Transfer. It couldn't have been him down there, could it? "Good night," he says before heading into the kitchen. "Careful what decisions you make." He drags out the words, his gaze never wavering. "Especially when you think no one's watching." He nods before disappearing into the kitchen.

Those candid pictures pop into my mind like a junk drawer shaking out old snapshots.

There's something altogether off about him-haunting. It's as if we've met long before I ever came to Ephemeral, and I can't place where or when. One thing's for sure, I don't trust Mr. Edinger.

Wes spins me around and pins me with a kiss before I could protest. "That was close." He bites down gently on my lower lip and tugs gently before letting go. "Imagine his surprise if he found us upstairs." He sears me with his lust. "Reading our lit books."

I tremble into him with a laugh. Wes is hungry, and I'm starting to feel an awful lot like a meal.

His cheek rides up on one side as he examines me. "I'd better run up and make sure I don't have any old socks hanging around. They could be lethal, and I've made it my personal mission in life to protect you." He dots my nose with a kiss. "I'll just be a sec."

"Just a sec?" I plead.

"Promise," he calls as he bolts up the stairs.

I plop down on the couch and wrap my arms around my waist. It's strange here, cold, like Ms. Paxton is secretly living with poltergeists. I bet she has an entire camp of demons shacking up with her, one of them being Mr. Edinger.

The loud start of a motor goes off in the kitchen, and I snatch my feet up off the floor. It goes out quick as it came, leaving a startling silence in its wake.

"Wes?" I call out. Maybe there's another staircase leading to the kitchen?

The motor goes off again and this time lasts twice as long.

"It's just me." The not-so-friendly voice of Mr. Edinger calls from beyond the dining room.

Before I can say okay or calm myself out of my newfound fetal position, the motor goes off again-swear to God it sounds just like a freaking chainsaw. I'm going to kill Carter for putting that idea in my head.

"Laken?" Mr. Edinger calls from above the noise. "You mind coming here for a minute? I seemed to have lost something."

I head on over. He probably accidently turned on the mixer trying to heat his sandwich and it emulsified to nothing. Mom once said that men didn't know their way around a kitchen, and it looks like Mr. Edinger is about to prove her theory correct.

I'm greeted with a vast island in a kitchen four times the size the one we had back home. Something odd catches my attention on the peppered granite-a knife standing erect on the tip of its blade.

Holy shit.

I step back, jarred by the odd sight.

It's probably magnetized or something. People are forever filling their kitchens with all kinds of useless gadgets as evidenced by late-night infomercials. Looks like Ms. Paxton found a way to one up gravity.

"Laken." A deep voice husks from behind.

I pivot on my heels.

Mr. Edinger...

I let out a scream that razors out of my throat like fire.

His severed head sits tucked in his arm like a football-his neck nothing but a bloodied stump. An artery shoots blood toward the ceiling like a burgundy fountain.

His swollen eyes roll up at me, and he gives a menacing smile.

"Shit!"

I bolt past my headless first period teacher. I race out the front door, and into the night so fast I don't even consider screaming for Wes. I'm on autopilot, and my feet plan on carrying me all the way home to Kansas where I should have gone the first day I landed this side of hell.

The woods across the way beckon me with their slender blue trunks. They promise a nocturnal shelter in lieu of the madness that rules this new world. I sail past the first few layers of pines before looking back at the dull cast of light emanating from the Paxton house.

Not a footstep thumps from that direction.

A viral stream of fog builds around me as I pant hard into the night.

What the hell just happened?

I pluck the phone out of my bra like some cellular holster and punch in a quick text.

Woods across the street. Help!!!! It's not until I hit send do I realize I sent it to Coop instead of Wes.

"Take two," I hiss, resending the message to Wes.

A hand falls hard over my shoulder.

God, Cooper is fast.

I twist fully, expecting to see his handsome face, his brick wall of a body ready to shelter me from whatever evil Mr. Edinger is capable of.

My body seizes at the sight, and I let out a scream that rattles on for miles.

A tall, partially resurrected, nefariously dark, and most certainly not handsome Spectator digs his grip into my shoulder.

A hard grunt emits from deep in the creatures throat. His thick rumpled skin sags unnaturally over his sharp, protruding bones. A flap of skin hangs over his neck exposing dehydrated muscle and veins like shredded cords.

I dart past him, but he thrashes me against the trunk of a tree with unreasonable strength.

His hand comes down over the top of my skull, striking it hard as a hammer, and my head explodes in a fit of pain. For a moment the world compresses into darkness. The stars and landscape swarm together and melt like a dream before reconstituting themselves.

I try to struggle out of his grasp as he continues to bash me over the skull.

Fuck.

He's in hot pursuit of the life-healing delicacy that resides in my cranium and won't give up until he's feasted on my grey matter.

He pinches my shoulders together, fast and hard-pissed and hungry for a complete resurrection. He compresses my bones as if trying to get my brain to ooze out of my ears.

Shit-can't breathe.

Here I am, a supposed angel with the powers of both strength and speed, and I'm about to die at the hands of a lethargic Spectator of all creatures.

An image of Tucker pops in my mind. I picture him laughing while getting it on with the entire volleyball team in the background, and something in me reverts.

I knee the cadaverous bastard in the balls, in hopes it's an undead of the male variety.

He lets out a strangled oof, so I embark on another bionic blow, then another and another until I'm clearly doing it just for fun.

The Spectator falls in a heap at my feet, and I reach down and snatch up a stick ready and willing to offer some serious damage to the ocular region.

"Laken, no!" Coop races toward me, and I run to meet him. He collapses his arms around me and gives a wild spin. Coop buries his face into my neck before pulling me to safety. "We can't hurt them. We can't risk killing the Tobias family."

"Edinger lost his head in the kitchen." The entire story speeds out of me in jags. "What's happening?"

He squints into the forest, lost by what he sees. "Laken," he whispers, frozen in his concern, "they're everywhere."

Cooper walks me back slowly as if he knew the lay of the land even in this dismal light.

Then I see them, first a couple of staggering bodies, then ten, then easily twenty as they tread their way deeper into the woods.

"This place goes on for miles," he whispers. "If they're smart, they can keep away from danger."

"They want brain food."

I trip over an errant branch and land square on my bottom, pulling Coop on top of me in the process. The errant branch just so happens to hold a terrible stench and groans beneath the weight of us.

It reaches up and attaches its face to Cooper's eye with the reflexes of a ninja.

"Shit!" I try to pummel the creature in the chest with my fists, but it simply rolls Coop over, pinning him down like a ragdoll.

An arm pulls me backward. I land on the ground as a putrid mouth seals itself over my eye, and my skin burns like fire. It has long stringy hair and a petite frame that lends me to believe it's a woman.

I give a shrill cry in its ear.

A scuffle breaks out behind me, nothing but kicking and grunting and the disturbance of leaves.

I try to think of the things that infuriate me like Tucker, Grayson, or Kresley, but nothing in me is capable of moving this female version of the undead off me.

"Laken." My name booms from the street.

The loud pop of the Ruger discharges.

The body gnawing on my eyebrow jerks before collapsing over me with its full weight.

"Thank God," I groan, rolling out from beneath it.

The gun goes off three more times, and I can't help but wonder if that last dart was meant for Coop.

Wesley helps me up, pulls me into a vice-like embrace.

"Are you okay?" He whispers it hot over my ear, still out of breath.

Coop dusts himself off and gives a hard look toward Wes and me. Cooper and I lock eyes for a brief moment. The look of hurt on his face sears through me like an incision.

"I'm fine. If it wasn't for Coop..." I shake my head unable to finish.

"Let's get out of here." Cooper ticks his head toward the street. He navigates us out in less than a minute, and we end up in Ms. Paxton's driveway, panting-my lungs burning from the effort.

The forest across the street drapes thick and heavy like a velvet curtain. The evergreens spindle out into darkness, holding a deeper shade of ebony than the night itself. From this angle the forest looks harmless, nothing at all like a haunt for the unsuccessfully resurrected.

Coop wraps his arms around me and presses his lips over the top of my head like a habit. Thank God you're okay.

"Hey," Wes barks. It takes two seconds for him to grab Coop by the collar and slam him against his brand new Range Rover.

"Keep the f**k away from her." He gives a hard knee to the balls before ending his tirade with a solid kick to the gut.

"Cooper!" I fall to my knees, and interlace my fingers with his.

Say I'm an ass**le, and I deserved it. He takes in a sharp breath still writhing from the pain.

No. I'm not going to let Wes do this to you.

It's done, Laken, and so are your odds of getting in the inner circle if you don't declare your loyalty.

I jump to my feet and wrap my arms around Wesley.

I'll give one inch and no more.

Wes touches his cheek to mine and interlaces our fingers.

If Flanders likes the forest so much, I've got one I can take him to. And I'll damn well make sure he never gets out.

I dart a glance to Wes. It takes everything in me not to replicate the bodily assault he just pulled off on Cooper.

Mr. Edinger comes out of the house with his head clearly attached, and this startles me even more than the Spectators did.

"What's going on?" He looks mildly concerned, but something in his eyes gleams-lets me know he's simply amused.

"Everything's okay." Wes blinks a smile. "Laken thought she'd join Coop for a midnight run."

Mr. Edinger gives a devilish grin. The moon casts a sickly glow over his skin, and his teeth glitter like shards. "I guess you can't keep young love down."

I shoot a quick glance over to Coop.

The three of us sit there locked in the awkwardness Mr. Edinger deposited us in.

"You're right," Wes says, landing a kiss on my cheek. He gives a hard look over to Coop. "You can't."

57

Lucid as the Day is Long

The next day, Ephemeral takes a battering from a freak electrical storm that vomits out monsoon-like rains. One growl of thunder after another detonates testing the resolve of the windows at the Ephemeral library. The sky ignites bright as a nuclear blast, quick and spastic, as if someone is turning on and off the sun like a light switch. Winds that promise to snap branches and power lines, unleash their merciless fury over our corner of the world.

I sit in the library with Wes after school and watch as he teaches me how to code new items into the system. The scent of books has always intoxicated me. I loved the library back in Cider Plains. I loved walking through the rich-perfumed aisles, handling the Mylar-wrapped hardbacks, the cotton-soft paperbacks with pages that have turned to cloth.

Wesley's hand rubs against mine, subtle as a feather, as he whispers from behind. His breath tickles my cheek, his soft cologne permeates my sweater and I roll my head into him for a moment believing I have old Wes back.

He coils my hair around his fingers before dropping a kiss onto my forehead.

"Sorry to interrupt," a voice emits from the counter.

We turn to find Coop sopping wet with his backpack cinched over his shoulder.

"I think we accidentally swapped lit books." He blinks a manufactured smile at Wes. "Mine is filled with notes."

Wes tenses up. His entire body goes rigid at the sight of Cooper.

"Oh, sure." I get up and grab my backpack from under the counter.

"Also," Coop calls to me softly, his eyes speak in code, "I found that website with the outline of Bovary-the charts help break it down into scenes." He shrugs. "It's a little complicated."

"Would you show me? I'm lousy at navigating those kinds of things." I turn to Wes and gently tug at his collar. "You mind?"

"No, go ahead. I'll man the fort," he says as a group of students flock to the counter, each sliding forward a small mountain of books.

I follow Coop over to a private table near the back and wait as he plucks out his laptop.

In the distance I spot Jax coming in with Kresley and Grayson. She's wearing a plum-colored beret, disguising the fact her hair is singed off at the scalp. Jen really does know how to serve up revenge, despite the fact she tried force-feeding her geriatric medicinal products. Jen thought laxatives would do someone like Jax a little good, not realizing that an inferno might result from the craptastic effort. I tried convincing her that neither arson nor bowel cleansing were amicable solutions, but she was proud of her descent into illicit activities, so I gave up the effort.

"There is no Flaubert cheat site." Cooper gives sly grin that disarms me in so many ways.

"Didn't think so." I look up in time to see Kresley trying to worm her way back into Wesley's heart. She leans over the counter seductively and tries desperately to engage Wes in conversation. I turn a little, so I don't have to subject myself to the show. "You find out anything about Edinger?" It took everything in me not to ditch first period. Coop said he'd do a little digging.

"Outside of the fact he keeps a house in L.A. and his grandfather is sick-nothing really. My dad thinks there's a good chance he might be a Fem."

"A Fem?" I gasp. "Those things hate me." No wonder he lost his head in the kitchen. If he is a Fem, I'm sure I can count on many more interesting limb detachments in the future-hopefully none of my own.

"I don't think they hate you." He gives a brief smile into his laptop. "They're just doing their job. Someone wants them to torment you."

"Like the Tobias sisters?"

"I'm not sure." He pulls his lips into a line.

Cooper logs into Facebook and twists the monitor, so I can have a better look.

"What's this?"

"I thought you might know her," Coop says it low as if he had just handed me a loaded gun.

Laken Stewart.

My name, my effigy, they stare back at me as though they had never left.

"Oh my, God," I breathe it out in a strangled whisper. A surge of tears filter to the surface at the sight of my face-my familiar name-that up until now were nothing but a warped dream.

Cooper leans in. "I knew with everything in me you were telling the truth." His eyes light up sharp as flint.

It's me. My old name, my avatar unchanged-a picture of me in my old room with my fingers splayed out in a peace sign.

"How did you do this?" What if it's just another trick-another way to manipulate my emotions.

"I had a run in with Hattie and Amelia last night in the Transfer." Cooper resonates the light from above like a savior. "I asked them to do this as a good will offering, to get us started on the right foot-told them you might be willing to help if you had some answers."

"But how? I tried..."

"Our codes are being hijacked. They use the same end code to derail every web link right back to an approved site."

"And you removed the codes." I blink back tears and stare at the screen in wonder.

There it is. Every person I ever knew in Cider Plains has left a good-bye, one after the other-a mile-long eulogy all in my honor.

"There's one more thing." Cooper grips my hand under the table. "I asked about your mom and sister." His features harden as if the news were grim.

"No." I shake my head at the implication. "They're not down there."

He pauses a very long time. I can feel him rooting into me, loving me with a thousand tendrils of his affection.

"I'm sorry, Laken. They say they are." His eyes swell up with tears. "According to them, your mother had enough Celestra in her to qualify, so did your sister, Lacey." He gives a gentle squeeze. "I read an article from your local paper. It said the two of them picked up after your death and never came home."

The room spins. The chair beneath me feels as though it's about to give way.

"I didn't go to the tunnels. They brought me here instead." The words quiver out of me, numb from the idea of anyone hurting Lacey or my mother. "We have to find them, Coop. We have to find the Tobias sisters right now. I have to get to Lacey."

"They're emphatic with the terms. No Tobias Spectator revival, no roadmap to our families."

"Coop." I bleed his name in despair.

"There's one more thing." He rubs his thumb over my palm in a slow deliberate circle. "I'm almost positive there's a person right here at Ephemeral who knows exactly how to get into those tunnels."

"Let's go." I jump to my feet and try to pull him with me.

"It's not that easy." He reels back gently. "We need to be careful, or we can get our families and ourselves killed-permanently."

I open my mouth to ask the question, but I already know the answer.

"It's Wesley." His name streams from my lips like a necrotic poem.

Cooper gives a long blink, affirming my worst nightmare.

Wes appears and presses out a deep warm smile as he wraps an arm around my shoulders.

"Good luck with that assignment." Coop shuts his laptop and stuffs it into his bag before rising. There's a challenge in his eyes that's impossible to discern. "Just give me a call if you need anything."

I watch as Coop heads toward the exit, taking a little piece of my sanity with him.

Everything depends on this moment-on my ability to maintain my silence and lie to the boy I've loved for as long as I can remember.

"I was just thinking." I stand and bless his beautiful face with a kiss.

"I like how you think," he rumbles the words across my lips.

"You mentioned commemorating us as a couple." I glitter with hope. "I'm ready to do that. I don't want there to be any secrets between us. I want to know the things you know, do the things you do." I trace his lips with the pad of my finger, soft and pliable. "I have the Countenance in my heart, Wes. They're blood of my blood, and I want to know everything about them. I'm thirsty for this knowledge in every single way." I pull him into a searing kiss to conclude the performance. I'm so damn thirsty.

Wesley pulls back and studies me a moment before his dimples ignite. "I know just how to quench you, Laken." He lights up on the inside. "But it's going to cost you everything."

