Chapter One

It was during the painfully loud and equally long rendition of "God Save the Queen" that Kessen decided she hated England. For the past two days her father had stopped at nothing short of threatening to cut his ties with her if she didn't start taking her British heritage seriously.

"But, Father," she had argued, even though she knew it was pointless to argue with a British lord without having to endure a dreary lecture about her place in the world. "I'm American. I was born in the United States!" Her voice grew louder as his eyes closed in despair. "We live in Colorado! Why is this a big deal?"

He had stared at her for what seemed like two hours, though it was closer to two minutes, his hazel eyes boring into her as if trying to set her on fire.

"Big deal!" he bellowed. She would say he yelled, but whenever it was mentioned that he raised his voice, he would give her a devastatingly long talk about how he never yelled, and lords who did yell had no sense of pride whatsoever.

"It is a big deal because I say it is! You are an heiress, my dear. There are certain things about your heritage which make it of the utmost importance for you to not only accept who you are, but to take pride in it."

He had turned away, sweeping the ground with his large feet, and then sat in his favorite chair by the grand fireplace. "My dear, I do not want our legacy lost with me. I want nothing more than for you to respect and honor your heritage; is that so much to ask?" He looked up at her with pain in his eyes. Kessen knew she was done for. Her father knew how she pitied him when he gave her that look of complete anguish.

She cleared her throat, mainly to keep from crying. It had been an emotional six months. Her mother had been battling ovarian cancer for the past five years. The battle was finally over, but it didn't mean her mother's death hadn't left a permanent mark on the Newberry family. The relationship between Kessen and her father had suffered immensely without the sweetness of Kessen's mother.

Kessen knew she was the spitting image of her father, which made it so easy for them to engage in long arguments and discussions. It brought Kessen's maturity level to astounding new lows each time her father discussed with her the need to align herself with her British heritage, as if being the daughter of an aristocrat wasn't enough.

Kessen's father had been on edge ever since her mother's death, and who could blame him? He was the Earl of Newberry, which was an old and prominent earldom in Great Britain. One summer while he was studying at Oxford, he met Kessen's mother and fell deeply in love. She moved back to Colorado and he soon followed, not caring that he left so much of his history and family behind. Love does crazy things. His aristocratic family thought him insane. The only family who still kept in touch was Kessen's grandmother. Grandmother had always been supportive of Kessen's father following his heart.

Kessen sighed as she put her shaking hands against her temples. The throbbing in her head told her unpleasant pain was rearing its ugly head.

Although her mother hadn't hated London, it had always been a topic of discussion at the dinner table. Kessen had always taken her mother's side that Brits put too much emphasis on tea. The running joke was if Newberry and Co. ever decided to start selling coffee, the entire country would boycott.

Kessen wasn't certain why she disliked London, because it really wasn't a hate, not unless she was exaggerating-which she had been known to do in her time. No, it was more of a blinding fear that the more she aligned herself with her father's British heritage, the closer she was to losing her mother's.

Kessen dabbed at her eyes for the second time that day and took a deep breath. It usually took a lot for her to cry, but lately it seemed to be all she was doing. Out of her family, she had always been the balanced one, the one who wasn't a dreamer, who took life for what it was. Her mother would say she pitied her lack of imagination; her dad would claim it was the British blood. She merely smiled a tight smile and walked off, thinking about ways she could steal the Wall Street Journal from her father's study without him finding out.

She sauntered over to where her dad sat and put a hand on his shoulder. "What do you want me to do?" She regretted the words almost instantly.

"You mean it?" The joy returned to his old, tired face.

She licked her lips and counted to three before answering. "Yes, I mean it-but no more singing." He looked hurt; did he honestly think she wanted to hear that awful song again? For crying out loud, they lived in America. It was a democracy-they had no queen, so she didn't need saving. The singing must stop!

They eyed one another tensely before he finally answered.

"Fine." He put his finger up. "But it would be good for you to learn it before your cousin's wedding."

She vaguely heard him sputtering about her cousin's wedding, but was momentarily distracted as she spotted the Wall Street Journal next to his chair on the floor. Her arm stretched out to reach it. Just a little further and she would be able to steal it right from under his nose. Her fingers caressed the edges just as her father leaned over and swiped it from her reach.

"Because," he continued as his eyes scanned the first page. Apparently, he was still droning on about the wedding." You'll be spending the Season with her before she gets married."

Kessen felt hot but attempted to swallow her growing anger so she could clarify. "The Season?" There was talk of Seasons in the last historical romance novel she had read, but surely the Brits weren't so set in their ways they actually still believed in releasing poor young debutantes into society for the marriage mart. How positively archaic!

"When you say Season," she said calmly, "you mean summer or winter, correct?"

Her father's face turned red. It was as if she had just committed treason. Seriously. What was with British people? They didn't hug, and they sang their national anthem as if they ruled the world, which in fact was actually quite the opposite of true.

Her father smirked then put the coveted newspaper down. "Kessen, you will be spending the London Season with your cousin. The Season in which everyone dreams of participating." His hand swept the air in front of Kessen's face, making the effect seem more of a fairy tale than of a waking nightmare.

"Hmm, must have missed that class at Harvard. You know, all the talk about the Season. Oh, wait ... that's because we have normal seasons: winter, spring, summer-"

The look he gave her stopped her mid-sentence. "Believe it or not, my dear, you have more to learn than merely holding your own in a conversation, or using your sarcasm as a weapon. You did say you would do anything, and this is what I want. You will not take over the corporation or inherit anything until you've participated in a Season."

Participate, participate. Why did the word sound like a death sentence more than a casual verb used in daily conversation? She calmed herself by biting her nail. "What do you mean participate?" She was trying desperately to keep herself from snapping. If her mother were here she would know what to do, but she wasn't. It was up to Kessen. Why did it seem his whole life's happiness now depended on Kessen doing this one thing for him?

He chuckled to himself before pushing out of his chair. "I've just decided to launch you into society."

"Dad, I'm pretty confident the launching took place the day I was born. Secondly, I'm twenty-five. Don't girls usually get launched at the ripe age of eighteen?"

He ignored her irritated tone and proceeded to lecture, "Yes, girls normally launch at eighteen, but you are different. Just because you are older does not mean you do not need it. And a lot of good it will do you!"

"Oh I'm sure." Sarcasm dripped from her every word.

"If you were younger, I would spank you."

"If you were older, you'd be in my college history books."

"Well played," he said, defeated.

"I am your daughter."

He winced. "Remind me when I'm in a better mood."

"Will do."

"Go pack. You leave in two days." He chuckled to himself again as if he was extremely pleased with his plan. "Kessen, if you really want the company and want the trust fund which goes with it, you will go to London, you will participate, and you will be happy. When you return, I'll be more than pleased to hand over the Newberry operation ... in England."

"What?" Kessen asked with a dread-filled voice. "You don't mean it."

"Kessen," her father said authoritatively. "As long as I'm alive, I'm the CEO. You'll take what you can get. The London operation controls most of Europe. I think it's enough to satisfy your needs, my dear."

Kessen's heart dropped to her stomach. She should be eternally grateful. It was what she had been dreaming about for years, but it meant she would have to live in London. Memories of her mother were not in London-they were in Colorado. The thought of having to be away from everything familiar, everything she had ever known, was terrifying.

Yes, she was successful and good at what she did. Was she not her father's daughter? But the little girl inside, the one still needing her mother, the one afraid of making all the wrong choices and having no female guidance-that girl felt like she had just been wedged between a rock and hard place.

Honor her father's choice now, or say goodbye to the familiarity and comfort of home forever.

Kessen sighed, and then groaned as her father pointed to the stairs. When she was little he used to tell her to "march." Now all he needed to do was point, and she was on her way. It was his tiny way of showing her that he was the one who held all the cards and that if he wanted her to march her way up the stairs, she better do it with a smile on her face.

She defiantly shook her head; he pointed again, and somehow five minutes later she found herself in her room cursing to herself as she threw her clothes into her suitcase.

Really, how bad could a Season be? She was informed enough to know it wasn't really a marriage mart anymore. The Season, although once well-known throughout London, in contemporary society consisted of lots of rich people getting together, drinking and eating, all the while talking about their money. It wasn't like her father was sending her there to get married.

She laughed uncomfortably. Besides, when she was finished she would be the head of the European operation. Her dad must simply enjoy torturing her. But it would break his heart to know the only reason she fought him on the issue was the emotional ties she had with Colorado. Today was the first day she had seen a glimpse of her old father back. He had even cracked a smile. A first since her mother's death six months ago.

Taking a deep breath she thought aloud, "I can do this." Hadn't she survived four years at Harvard and an excruciatingly long year at Yale for her master's in business? Surely she could survive a Season in London.

She did a mental calculation of how long the flight would be and moaned.

Planes did not sit well with her. Ever since 9/11 she couldn't get it out of her mind that someone might have the audacity to hijack her plane and crash it into something for the sake of religion.

"You'll be fine," she told herself.

Her thoughts were too scattered for her own good. What were they wearing in London now? Wasn't it rainy there? She packed what she could, then decided she would go shopping with her dad's credit cards if need be. He deserved some sort of punishment, even though a monetary hit would do nothing to his mounds of funds.

Technically, they were her cards anyway. She had been an employee since her graduation a few years ago. She wasn't the type of girl to use company cards and not somehow pay her father back. But at least it would make her feel better to imagine his face as she scanned and emailed him the bill. Naturally, she would send him a check within the same day to pay for everything.

Being the owner and CEO of Newberry Tea and Coffee had its perks. It was nearly as well known as some of the largest coffee companies in the world. Just last year they were in a bidding war over the coffee rights of some of the smaller areas of Colorado. A major competitor ended up winning but not before they attempted to buy out Newberry and Company. They failed and, at the same time, received lots of bad press for trying to take out such a thriving company.

The Newberry brand was different from other brands, because they specialized in tea even though they still served coffee drinks and roasted their own beans. They prided themselves on tea which tasted just like it did during Regency times in London. They also had a line of specialty baked goods.

Kessen hoped that by the end of the year, the product launch of their specialty creamers and coffee flavorings would be as much of a hit as the last surge of peppermint-flavored English breakfast tea. She threw something else in her bag and sighed. She needed to concentrate on packing rather than business. She couldn't help if her mind was always on the next marketing plan or the week's sales.

After college her dad had placed her in the marketing VP position, which she took with open arms. He had left out that it was actually a glorified assistant job to the president, where she would be groomed until her father deemed her ready for advancement. And now it seemed she was ready.

She had been waiting two years for his approval.

Not that she blamed him, but she was incredibly ambitious, and this is what you were supposed to do with your life, right? The American dream was success. And she was a vision of success. She was everything America represented, yet why was it she didn't have fulfillment? She kept telling herself it was because she was grieving, but maybe it was something more.

Needing a distraction, she grabbed her e-reader and plopped onto her bed. Reading was the only thing she could do to completely take her mind to another place. It was escapism, pure and simple. As much as she loved the Wall Street Journal, her feminine heart still desired romance; thus the reason behind her newest purchase ... the latest historical romance in The Vandenbrook Series.

She had an unhealthy obsession with historical romance novels-and not just any historical romance novels, but the ones that were centered around London's aristocratic society, ironically enough. To tell her father this would make him think he'd won. He could never know.

One time at a bookstore her mother had caused a huge scene at the coffee bar just so Kessen could purchase a book without her dad finding out. Naturally, he was too busy helping her mother to notice Kessen was off buying out the store's supply of Regency romances. After that incident her mother had bought her an e-reader so she could purchase her books in secret. It was always fun to keep such a silly secret from her dad.

Historical romance provided Kessen the vision of a simpler time, a time when women still wore gloves, when men still bowed each time they were introduced, and when stolen kisses were cause for scandal.

What would it be like to be a part of such a time? She sighed and opened her latest book, The Duke's Decision.

It was the tenth book in the Vandenbrook series. Their heritage had been traced back to Holland, but the family still resided in London to this day. An internet search had revealed the family has always had strict rules about blue blood matches. Each heir, regardless of the match, must marry a blue blood to keep the lines strong. Apparently it was important; though for the life of her, she couldn't figure out why.

She wondered if her blood was blue. Well, it was partially blue; it would have to be, considering her father was an earl, but her mother had been nothing, a nobody. Though her father hated to discuss it, things in his family had never returned to normal once he left London.

How would they accept her now? She was the much-rumored, long-lost daughter, returning to London in order to please her father, in order to inherit his company. Grandmother would be pleased; she had been begging Kessen to visit for years. Her grandfather had passed away shortly after her father had left London; Kessen figured it was from the shock of it all. Her grandmother didn't shed so much as a tear at his funeral. She said they married for blood, which seemed to be the case with all British aristocrats.

It's not as if anyone else in the world cared; why should they?

Some things she would never understand, nor did she want to. She glanced back down at her book and bit her lip. She could finish packing later. Right now all she wanted to do was find out if the duke chose the servant girl over the princess.

She threw on her fuzzy boots, grabbed her book, and let herself out onto her balcony. It gave her a grand view of the mountains, a view she would never tire of. She sat in her chair and began reading. "The duke was distressed indeed to learn the identity of the servant girl was, in fact, the princess herself! A switch had been made, a switch of identities."

Kessen yawned. So the duke got what he wanted after all. The servant girl was actually a princess, and they lived happily ever after. Puke.

That was entirely unrealistic she thought, yet she couldn't help the sigh that escaped her lips.

London.

In two days.

London, England.

May God save her ... forget the queen.

Chapter Two

Kessen woke up groggy. Proving her theory that nothing good ever happened after ten o'clock. She had stayed up and purchased the next two books in the duke series on her e-reader only to find she couldn't sleep until everything was resolved.

All in all, she had gotten around two hours of sleep, and it was definitely showing all over her face. She needed to go tanning; she looked like a ghost. She should probably have her roots done as well as her nails. Who knew what the spas were like in London, or if they even had them. After watching some made-for television movies on BBC, she had her doubts.

Kessen went into her large gleaming bathroom and showered before putting on her comfortable sweats and bounding down the stairs. She grabbed a breakfast bar, her new PDA, the keys to her sports car, and ran outside. She needed a spa visit and a coffee. She quickly dialed Nick's number and waited for him to answer.

"It's too early," his voice scratched on the other end. Nick was like a brother to her, and consequently one of the dearest friends she had in this world, not to mention ridiculously attractive and altogether in love with her other best friend, Sammy, who was equally beautiful and charming. They lived down the street from her and were just as much a part of her family as her own father. The wedding had taken place just a few months ago and had been partially paid for by her dad.

He would never admit to how much he actually needed Nick to run the HR department in the local branch of Newberry and Co.

"I'm going to London," she blurted.

Her revelation was met with a long silence before Nick finally said, "I'll be right there."

"I'm going to the spa."

He mumbled something under his breath she could only assume to being appropriate for her ears, and hung up.

It left her smiling. Nick hated the spa, mainly because Sammy loved the spa and often forced him to join her there so she could show him off to all the nice old ladies who worked there. He usually escaped with only having to succumb to a pedicure, but he considered it a knock to his manhood.

But he loved Sammy. So although it nearly killed him each time she asked, he would often accompany his wife on spa day. He just refused to enjoy it. In fact, though he wasn't one to drink, he consumed a ridiculous amount of champagne while he sat in the plush chairs, as if someone was purposely torturing him.

"Inside, he probably likes it-though he'll die before admitting it," Sammy had told Kessen one day.

Kessen merely glanced at Nick and tried not to smile; he returned a searing glare that said, "I hate this. I hate this. I hate this." She had turned back to Sammy and nodded. "Oh yes, I think you're right."

Nick had stopped talking to Kessen for two days, but finally broke his oath of silence when she promised to fake an accident during his next spa outing.

Thus the reason Nick was not happy about having to meet Kessen at the spa today.

Kessen drove through Boulder with a vengeance. She pulled her car into the first open space she could find and slammed her door. The receptionist, noticing her strained face, smiled tightly and pointed a perfectly manicured nail towards the waiting area.

"Coffee?" she asked, getting out of her seat.

"Yes."

Kessen waited for five minutes before Nick came bounding through the door. It was obvious she had woken him up. His brown Twilight-styled hair was mussed all over his head. His designer faded jeans and muscle shirt were wrinkled and mismatched.

She shook her head at him and smiled. "You, my friend, do not match."

He mimicked her words with his mouth before sitting down in a huff. "It's not like I had many options this morning. It is laundry day, and it's not every morning I get a call at the crack of dawn from my best friend telling me she's going to London." He turned towards her and scowled. "You despise London. What gives? Don't tell me your father is singing the national anthem over you again. He's been humming it at work lately, too. I think it's gotten worse since-"

He didn't finish the sentence. Tension hung in the air like a cloud. What he meant to say was since Lady Newberry's death, but the guilty look on his face told Kessen he felt bad for bringing it up.

When the receptionist set the coffee in front of Kessen, Nick grabbed it before she had a chance.

"Nick, I swear I will cut your lips off if they touch that blessed drink before mine do."

He challenged her with a glare before he finally gave up and handed the coffee over, but not before ordering one of his own-double shots.

Kessen sipped the black brew and sighed. "It's not that I hate London, I just hate what it represents."

Nick nodded knowingly. "Tea."

It was his typical Newberry answer. After working at Newberry and Co., employees were so overwhelmed with tea products, they blamed everything on tea itself, including world hunger. Naturally it was just a joke, considering tea was literally their bread and butter, but it didn't keep them from teasing one another about it.

Kessen laughed. "More than tea."

"Stuffy old British people who can't hug?" He winked.

"Why can't they hug?" Kessen asked thoughtfully. "I've always wanted to know why British people are so emotionally unresponsive. Then again, all of our evidence is based on stories from my father and from watching too much TV."

Nick shrugged. "It's the tea."

Kessen rolled her eyes. "I think it's all the weird aristocratic bloodlines not allowing themselves to mix. They have no flavor, for crying out loud!"

"And when you say mix," Nick said, smiling, "you mean-"

"Stop being a guy," Kessen interrupted.

His response was putting his hands up while he laughed silently. Do boys ever grow into men?

Kessen needed a change of subject. "Where's Sammy?"

Nick looked sheepish. "It's possible I told her you were going to London, and she panicked and is trying to get here as soon as she can." His words gushed out in breathtaking speed.

He put his head down like a little boy who had just been punished.

"Why would you worry her like that?" Kessen slapped the back of his head. "She has enough on her plate right now!"

Sammy was the senior marketing director at competing tea company headquartered in Boulder as well. Her new product launches were due in a matter of days.

Nick rubbed the back of his head and shot Kessen a deadly glare. "She's a big girl. She can handle herself. Plus, what was your plan? Go to London, then call and tell her where you were? She would have been worried sick!"

Kessen bit her lip. He did have a point. "In my defense," she said, "I was planning to call her from the airport, not from London."

"It's the same thing," he snorted.

"Is not!"

"Are we going to do this? Really? Stop arguing. You always get so argumentative when you're nervous. How long do you have to stay in London anyway?"

Kessen sighed. "A Season."

"Oh, so for the summer?" Nick said, winking at the sixty-year-old receptionist.

"Focus," Kessen snapped. "And no, not for the summer. A Season, as in a London Season, where they have all the parties, and I don't know if they still call them balls? I'm ignorant. Anyway, it will be more like four or five months." She left out the forever part. Poor Nick couldn't handle that much information this early in the morning.

Nick spit out his coffee, spraying it all over the new fashion magazine in front of him. "That long? And why does your father think you need to have a Season?"

Ah, the dreaded question Kessen knew he would ask. She silently contemplated lying. It wouldn't matter, because he would find out anyway, most likely from her father.

"Um... I'm being launched into society. Oh, look! It's my turn for a pedicure!" She jumped up from her seat.

Nick moved his hands to brace Kessen's shoulders. "Please repeat," he ordered.

"I'd rather not, my throat hurts."

"Stop lying."

She gave him a puppy dog look, but it didn't work.

"Kessen?" he urged.

"Fine!" Anger welled up in her chest. "My dad's going to disinherit me, and he refuses to pass the company to me unless I go to London and experience my heritage."

Nick laughed. "Um, you're American. As American as they come. For crying out loud, Kessen, you still say the pledge of allegiance every day!"

Her face reddened. "I'm being patriotic, Nick!"

"No," he laughed. "You're being a first grader."

She punched him in the arm.

"Easy," he mumbled, setting the magazine down.

"Does your dad know you at all? Does he know when you were small you dreamed you would be president, or that you have all of our founding fathers' names memorized? Good grief, Kessen! This must a bloody nightmare for you!"

The last part was said with a British accent, which Kessen didn't find at all funny. Nick backed up in anticipation of her slap.

"Nick." Her teeth were clenched along with her fists. "Don't you dare tell him any of those things. It would crush him! Just yesterday he was singing "God Save the Queen" and nearly cried when I told him to stop!"

Nick covered his mouth with his hands. "Holy Hannah, Kessen! You are so totally going to have to go to London." Then as if the seriousness of the situation actually hit him, he added, "Wait. He isn't trying to marry you off during this Season, is he?"

Kessen's mouth dropped open as she struggled to shake her head no. Words were not coming for the first time in days. Surely her father wouldn't do that to her.

Her companion looked at her like she was an idiot. "Um, Kessen, isn't that what they do? You don't think your dad...?" He let the question hang in the air.

"He wouldn't," Kessen said, although her voice sounded weak.

"Would he?" Nick asked pointedly.

"Oh, my gosh." Kessen gasped.

Nick clapped his hands and said, "You're being sent to London to get married!"

"Who's getting married?" Sammy swept into the reception area.

Nick laughed. "Guess!"

Kessen groaned. "Ugh, please do not guess." She sent Nick a sharp glance before hugging Sammy. "It's good to see you, but you shouldn't be here. You have so much work to do today!"

"I'm not the one going to London." Sammy crossed her arms. She was hard to argue with, what with being five-foot-two and totally adorable. Even in her flats Kessen still towered over her friend.

Nick pushed between the two ladies. "Oh, no worries, Sam. It's only for a Season." The British accent was back, but this time Nick was hiding behind his tiny wife.

Sammy looked perplexed. "You mean for the summer?"

"Americans." Nick fake-coughed behind Sammy.

Kessen scratched her head and avoided eye contact. "No. A real London Season, where they have pretty dresses and balls."

Sammy clapped her hands. "Oooh! How fun! And attractive men?"

"Hey!' Nick interjected from behind her.

Sammy rolled her eyes and guided Kessen to the couch. "Do you think we could visit you?"

Kessen suddenly felt as if a weight had been lifted. "You guys would do that for me?"

"No." Nick grumbled, plopping back down into his chair. "But I would definitely do it just so I could watch the train wreck in person."

Sammy glared; Kessen giggled. "He spilled part of his coffee, so he's a little testy."

Nick sighed and picked up the magazine again. He had a weird obsession with women's magazines, said it helped him understand how to deal with women.

He obviously wasn't retaining the information.

Kessen glanced back at Sammy, who was returning email on her phone. "Sammy, go! I'm fine! I leave tomorrow afternoon, fly all night, and I'll call you when I land. You guys can visit once I'm settled in."

"Don't worry, we will." Nick laughed.

Sammy kissed them both goodbye on the cheek and left.

"Sometimes I hate you," Kessen said to Nick.

Nick frowned. "You don't mean that. Now how about I take you out for sushi one last time before you say goodbye to dentists, hugs, and spas forever?"

"After my appointment?" Kessen asked.

Nick nodded and kissed her on the cheek. "I'll meet you in a couple hours." He obviously had better things to do than sit around and be miserable in the spa.

Kessen, although sad to be alone, was content to have some time to read. There was one final book in the Vandenbrook series she wanted to attack. She started reading from her e-reader and sighed.

The book told details of the duke's love for his wife. He would write her love letters every day and lay them across her pillow. Fresh roses were always picked for her in the springtime, and he accompanied her to the opera as often as possible.

This made him the perfect man, because even women sometimes find it hard to sit through musical numbers in foreign languages.

Men weren't made like that anymore. They were made more like Nick-not that Nick was bad. He was just so ... well, Nick, and American, though she loathed saying it. Times had changed; people didn't write long letters by hand anymore. They emailed. They didn't update you on their lives; they updated their status. And if you wanted to know where your friend was at ten o'clock last night, or what they were doing right then, all you needed to do was check out their latest social media and respond.

On the outside it looked like life had gotten easier. Connecting was just one click away. Yet it wasn't truly connecting; it wasn't sharing. What she wouldn't give to actually have a date on which the man didn't constantly text his friend's updates about how Kessen looked or what she ordered.

Chapter Three

The spa was grand, her nails and hair were perfect and her skin was restored to its glowing beauty. Lunch was also great with Nick, except he-like every other man on the planet-was busy texting his buddies the latest news about the stock market.

Kessen groaned, then silently wondered if she should download the e-reader application for her phone she could pretend to be texting but be reading instead. It might look odd for her to be staring at her phone for long periods of time.

"Kessen," Nick interrupted. "Have you heard anything I've said?"

She swallowed some water and shrugged, allowing him to take it however he wanted.

"The news update said there was another attempted airline attack, that nobody was injured, but security for tomorrow is going to be tight. Just be prepared."

Kessen gave a weak smile and nodded.

She wasn't at all prepared for what took place at the airport that day. Lines were longer than she had ever seen them, and international flight security was the stuff of legends. She had been searched three times by the time she reached her gate and was actually exhausted by the time she boarded the plane.

Luckily, her dad loved her enough to book her first class, even though she normally didn't fly anything but business. Flying first class had never been necessary, plus in her mind it was just that much closer to the cockpit. She was better off not knowing if they were going to crash into the ocean, but today she welcomed the plush seats and good service.

She took two herbal supplements, so her body could relax, and she could go to sleep. After dimming the overhead lights, she tried to get as comfortable as possible and prayed she wouldn't have nightmares of what tomorrow might bring.

****

It was midnight, and Christian was not in the mood for arguing. Unfortunately that was exactly what was taking place in the middle of the street. Duncan, his best friend, was tirelessly going over the differences between Newberry and Co. and another giant American coffee chain. He had already put a severely long day in at the office; this was the last topic he wanted to discuss.

"How many times do we need to do this?" Christian pleaded.

Duncan bristled. "As many times as it takes for you to get it right! Newberry was nearly bought out this year; you need to know our strengths and weaknesses."

"Why is that again?"

"Because you're picking up Lord Newberry's daughter tomorrow morning," Duncan said, taking sudden interest in his shoes, or as Christian suspected, avoiding eye contact.

"What was that?" Christian asked, mainly hoping he had heard wrong and was hallucinating from lack of sleep.

Duncan lifted his watch. "Oh, look at the time! Must go! You understand. Cheerio!"

Christian pulled Duncan quite forcibly back toward him. "I'm picking up whom?"

The panic on Duncan's face would have been amusing if Christian weren't so upset about the topic of discussion. "Lord Newberry's daughter. She's been groomed by her father to take over European operations." He cleared his throat. "Rumor has it he's sending her here to learn about her English heritage before he allows her to fully take his place."

Christian rolled his eyes and groaned. Babysitting was not what he had planned for the next few weeks.

"So, I have to pick her up and show her the sights, like some bloody tourist?" Christian struggled to keep his voice calm. He usually prided himself on his calm demeanor, but today had been a hard day for him-in the wake of his recent breakup, his father told him today that if he didn't marry within the year, he would simply live forever and pray that rules of society would change enough to allow him to pass the title to someone other than his ungrateful son.

It was almost as if he lived in Regency times. It was frightening how set in his ways his father was, but then again the entire family was like that. They even had books written about their bloodlines. A lot of good it did them. If anything, it just sent more fortune hunters and wanna-be nobility their way.

Duncan frowned. "Cheer up! It's not as if she's some spoiled American brat; she graduated with honors from Harvard, of all places."

"Brains don't get you into Harvard; connections get you into Harvard," Christian argued, feeling a sudden headache at the back of his head. "Have you seen her photograph?"

Duncan looked amused. "Everyone's seen her photo, old man. It's everywhere."

Christian did not like where this conversation was going. He didn't have time to worry about a spoiled American princess who wanted to inherit her daddy's fortune. What he actually wanted was to go to a pub and drown his sorrows in a pint, but that never worked out right for him the next morning.

Duncan put both his hands on Christian's shoulders. "Come now, how bad can she be? She's obviously educated. She probably has good teeth, and it wouldn't kill you to spend some time with a woman, especially after the disgraceful way Jenifer treated you."

"How did you find out about that?"

Duncan's answer was a shaking of his head "It's not every day a Vandenbrook is dumped by a Hanford." He smiled. "A match from heaven-that's what it was, and you know it."

"Oddly enough your sympathies are not alleviating my headache," Christian said.

"Wasn't trying to."

Christian snorted. "How about I pay you to pick up the girl?"

"How about you set me up with one of the Hanford daughters and pay me to pick up the girl?"

Christian grimaced. "Done."

Duncan tipped his hat. "Pleasure doing business with you."

Christian's only response was a low moan and a few words not appropriate for the rest of London society to hear. He did, after all, have a name to live up to.

Christian decided it was best to walk to his house rather than call for a car. He was in a foul mood-a mood which wouldn't change despite his desperate attempts.

His job at Newberry and Co. had been something dreams were made of. He was VP of Marketing for the London branch, and although his father decided it was an acceptable job for someone of his title to possess, he hadn't been thrilled to hear about Christian's plans to continue working there after his internship ended.

He shouldn't be surprised. His father tried to control everything in his life, from whom he dated, to whom he would marry, to what job he would have. His father had a desire for Christian to enter into politics. Christian, however, had other ideas about his future.

Marketing had always been his passion, so when an internship opened up at Newberry and Co., he decided to take it. Four years later, he was now the VP and couldn't be happier, until his father's proclamation.

It's not that he needed the money or the title. He had plenty of money without his trust fund. It was the principle of the matter. After all, he was the only son. The dukedom was supposed to pass to him, not fall out of the family completely because of his stubborn father. Not that he was worried about his father finding the fountain of youth any time soon. It was the simple idea that everyone was aware of the discontent within his family. Besides, going down in history books as the one Vandenbrook who received the title and single-handedly destroyed the happiness in his family did not have any appeal.

The fact it would slowly kill his mother, who was already peeved at him for the situation with Jenifer, did nothing for his headache or indigestion.

He groaned as he approached his street. Kensington Palace Gardens The most sought-after street in the world, or one of them, at least. It was once called Billionaires' Row because of the wealthy families who resided there. In all actuality, most of them were millionaires, but to most people it was basically the same thing.

He shared a house with his parents, still a thought that kept him up at night. It was incredible how much control they still had over his life at twenty-nine. "Settle down!" they would say each time he turned down another girl. "Find a different job!" they would say each time he came home late from work. "Marry a blue blood!" his father would yell each time he turned down another marriage proposal from a titled family.

Oftentimes, his life felt like the novels written about his family. Authors had no idea how close to the truth they were when they spoke about the heritage of his family. If anything, they weren't painted nearly as mad as they actually were.

It was the only cheerful thought of the night. His family being humiliated in modern literature. It was enough to bring a large smile to his face. He decided to whistle all the way to his house, all the while imagining how poor Duncan was going to fare with the lovely Lady Newberry. Without a doubt, she would be a handful.

It was a wonder she didn't already have her own silly American reality television show. She looked the part, with her bleached blonde hair and tall super-model figure. The sight of her appalled him, only because it made him realize how much he despised Americans in general-their incessant need for coffee, fame, and fortune. Did any of them sleep? Ever?

He doubted it. Of course, it had been ages since he had slept a full four hours, so he probably shouldn't be passing judgment.

Tomorrow was going to be his monthly meeting with store managers. He liked to hold the meetings at the actual stores, so he could keep an eye on their marketing strategies and help them implement higher sales volumes.

His morning was to be spent at one of his favorite stores in the heart of London; if he was lucky, he would get to serve tea and coffee to guests. He did love customer service. As well he should; he would have a lifetime of interacting with people once he was officially the Duke of Albany.

He quietly let himself into the house and tumbled onto his bed. He had exactly five hours before he needed to be up and ready.

****

Kessen woke up to a flight attendant hovering over her with a bottle of water and two aspirin. Thank God for small favors, she thought, greedily grabbing both from her hands.

Vaguely she remembered telling the flight attendant to have those waiting for her when she woke up. A migraine was starting just as the flight took off. Kessen knew she needed medicine before and after the flight to make sure she didn't throw up from the pain.

She buckled her seatbelt and waited for landing. By her calculations she should be in London in about twenty minutes. She took a few moments to fix her hair and went into the tiny bathroom to change into her jeans and a Yankees t-shirt. Looking in the mirror, Kessen had to laugh. All she needed was an "I heart New York" hat and fanny pack, and she would be set. Fitting the part of the most annoying American tourist ever to set foot in London actually cheered her up quite a bit.

Before returning to her seat, she threw on her leather bomber jacket and put on some lip gloss. They landed soon after, and within minutes she had her carry-on luggage and was cursing herself for not packing lighter.

Someone called her name in what could only be described as an annoyingly thick British accent, causing Kessen to wince. This was her reality for the next few months. It was enough to send her straight back to the plane to demand a refund.

Amazingly, the massive throng parted just in time for her to see a nicely dressed man about her age, carrying a large sign which had her name spelled incorrectly. Rather than Kessen it said Kissin.

She groaned and rolled her eyes behind her sunglasses before coming to an abrupt stop right in front of him.

"Are you Kessen?" he asked, his accent still thick, but a little softer on the ears than it had previously been. Perhaps her sleepy ears had been playing tricks on her.

"That would be me."

"Good-ness ," he said out loud. "Sorry, I meant to say that in my head; it came out wrong."

Kessen laughed groggily and held out her hand. "It's nice to meet you-?"

"Duncan," he said, shaking her hand. "Duncan Dickerson."

"Aw, really?" she teased, squinting her nose.

"Unfortunately, yes." He shook his head and led her out to the baggage claim. "How many bags do you have?"

"Do you want me to lie or tell the truth?"

"Lie," he answered quickly.

"One."

He laughed heartily, and then turned to look at her again, this time quizzically. "Please don't take this the wrong way, but you are not at all what I expected."

Kessen could only imagine what he expected; probably something akin to a Paris Hilton poster child primed for reality TV on HBO. Looking at Duncan, she realized it wasn't just her who had misconceptions. Actually, he wasn't what she expected either.

"Do you want to further explain, or should I go with the assumptions I already have?"

Duncan smiled again, and this time it lit up his whole face. He was quite attractive, a tad short and not as stocky as she liked her men, but attractive. In fact, he reminded her a little bit of Nick, which caused a tug on her heart. She missed him dreadfully.

"Let's go with what's in your head."

"Crazy spoiled American who used Daddy's connections to get into Harvard. Sound pretty close?"

"Deathly."

"Perfect," she said turning back towards the carousel. There was an uncomfortable pause before she turned to face him again. She thought he would be staring; instead-wonder of all wonders-he was texting.

"Updating your status online?" she asked knowingly.

"How did you guess?"

She smiled tightly, and then answered, "Technology and men-it's like crack."

He seemed to enjoy that answer and beamed even more. His smile could light up a black hole.

Chapter Four

By the time they reached the waiting car, she had successfully learned all of Duncan's favorite places to go in London. Naturally, he had assumed she wanted to know all the shopping destinations, but she was actually more interested in the architecture. Go figure. Men usually took one look at her and deemed her stupid, cursed with a life fit for the runway and credit cards with no limit. This was obviously how Duncan had viewed her; except he now knew she had a personality, which she should be grateful for.

"Where are we going first?" she asked once she was seated comfortably beside him.

He seemed to be hiding something because his eyes were positively twinkling. "Um, I have a meeting with Newberry and Co. managers. Do you mind stopping by with me? We could get you some tea or something while you wait. It will only be a few minutes."

She wasn't given a choice in the matter, mainly because he was driving and didn't look like a person who was easily bossed around. "Sure, that's great," she heard herself saying. "Stupid tea," she muttered under her breath.

"What was that?"

"Oh, nothing," she said breathlessly, fitting the part of stupid blonde with no goals in life.

He chuckled to himself all the way to the store, which wasn't all that far away. They were inside within minutes. Duncan dragged her to the counter for her order, while simultaneously introducing her as the daughter of Lord Newberry.

His announcement was followed by dead silence, including from the customers. Upon looking around, she also noticed a painfully large number of them had their mouths gaping open.

"This is fun," she said sarcastically to Duncan. He laughed and hit her on the back like they were old friends.

Duncan didn't seem to care if she was uncomfortable. Instead he cleared his throat. "Christian wouldn't happen to be, um, working today, would he?"

The girl at the till gave him an odd look, then shrugged her shoulders and called for Christian. A tall man dressed in designer jeans and a black blazer approached. Kessen nearly choked on her gum when she looked into his icy blue eyes.

His penetrating gaze took her in, appearing to assess her in an instant, in all her American glory. His demeanor immediately changed, and he appeared as though he wanted to kill her, and she had no idea why. After all, she was a paying customer, wasn't she?

She looked for Duncan, but he had walked away. Where was the little traitor?

"May I help you?" the man named Christian asked. He had unruly chestnut hair, which went past his ears in an unprofessional way. He more than likely needed the job to stay in the boy band that wasn't taking off like he had hoped. She smiled at her private joke, and then winced when she looked into his face.

He lifted his eyebrow as if to say, "Are you as stupid as you look?"

She swallowed and looked at the menu, which had never happened before in her life. Having been raised in the company, she had it memorized. For crying out loud, she helped design it. Yet the way Christian was looking at her made it difficult to even remember her name.

From a marketing standpoint, his face was perfect for the company posters. Her mother would have loved watching Kessen in this uncomfortable situation, considering she was normally so sure of herself. The wistful memory jolted Kessen out of her confused fog.

"I'll have a large coffee with cream."

He rolled his eyes. "Of course you will."

"Excuse me?" she asked a little loudly, putting her hands on her hips.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Did you need to be excused for something?" he snapped. His face contorted with a mix of humor and irritation.

Her mouth dropped open. "Why are you being so rude?" This time she tried to whisper so people wouldn't stare.

"I wasn't. I merely stated it was normal for someone like you to order coffee rather than tea. You've probably never even had tea before. It comes from a leaf, by the way."

Sarcastic laughter bubbled out of her. "Wow, your intelligence is intimidating. Thanks for the botany lesson. And you're right, I don't like tea. I hate tea."

She leveled her eyes with his, as she confidently stood her ground. She refused to back down just because the man in front of her had issues with Americans and apparently all things coffee.

He looked like she had just slapped him. "How dare you come in here and say you hate tea! Do you even know what this company stands for?"

"Stuffy old British people who think tea solves everything?" She put her finger to her head to show deep thought. "Am I close?"

"I hate Americans," he muttered under his breath.

"Well, I hate England!" she said, albeit a little too loudly. She winced when she looked at their audience-most of them looking at her as if she had just burned their beloved flag. Oh, well. Might as well seal the deal. "And I'm sorry," she said. "But tea doesn't solve anything! It's not going to cure cancer, and the world has progressed to more than just one type of drink ... yes, there is a thing called water, and there's soda, and juice, and heaven forbid, coffee. Broaden your horizons, pop star."

The barista's eyes looked as if they were going to bug out of her face. If possible, steam would have been billowing out of Christian's ears. He leaned inches in front of her face. Kessen's breathing became labored, but not out of attraction. If they were both men, punches would have already been thrown.

Just then, Duncan came out of hiding and sauntered behind the counter, slapping Christian on the back.

"Christian, meet Lord Newberry's daughter, Kessen. Kessen, meet your new business partner, Christian-" He looked like he was going to say Christian's last name, then appeared to change his mind as he looked toward her. "Just Christian."

You could have heard a pin drop in that shop. Kessen prayed the earth would swallow her up; she even closed her eyes to prepare for it, but was sadly disappointed when nothing happened. Instead she held out a shaky hand to Christian and offered a sweet, searing smile.

"Wow, nice dental plan. Hey, are your teeth real?" Duncan asked as Christian maneuvered everyone out of earshot from the rest of the customers.

Kessen smiled, thinking he was kidding, but he looked as serious as could be.

"You're joking right?" she pleaded. "Who asks someone if their teeth are real? That's like asking a woman if her b-"She stopped short and reddened. Christian let out a bark of laughter.

"What was that, love?" His deep laugh openly mocked her.

"I want my coffee." She pulled off her sunglasses and crossed her arms.

Christian gazed at her briefly, and then turned to grab the coffee abruptly, breaking all eye contact.

****

It was so much worse than he could have possibly imagined. Bright green eyes searched his when she pulled off her sunglasses. Pictures had not done the girl justice whatsoever. Long platinum blonde hair gave her the stereotypical look of an American heiress, but those eyes. Her eyes were brilliant. If only he could get her to keep her mouth shut, lest he become entangled in another argument in front of customers. What in the blazes was wrong with him? How unprofessional could a person get? Especially one raised to be a duke! Luck had not been on his side this week. He could only hope his father wouldn't catch wind of the Marquess getting into it with a beautiful blonde customer at one of the local stores.

Christian put the lid on her coffee and handed it to her. She appeared to be about twenty-five, though he couldn't really tell. She certainly had enough spirit to set the room on fire. He struggled to regain his composure.

Duncan cleared his throat. "Is your eye color real, too?"

Christian had never been so irritated. Duncan was having the time of his life. Of course he would bring her here and dangle her like a carrot. He knew Christian's reputation with women. It was a challenge; that's what it was. Duncan was flaunting the daughter of Lord Newberry like a lamb to the slaughter. Christian would not fall for it, not in a million years. So what if he was a playboy? That had been years ago. His reality was a somewhat broken heart after this week. It didn't help that in his current state, he could see himself causing the irritating woman physical harm.

Apparently the American princess had had enough. Her eyebrows furrowed in the most irresistible way as she clenched her fists. "All of me is real!" she whisper-yelled, but not before Christian and Duncan along with the rest of the store burst out into laughter.

"I can't believe I just said that." She hid her head in her hands. "Can I claim temporary insanity? I took sleeping meds on my flight."

"I'm sure you did," Christian said, not taking his eyes off hers. "Drink your coffee. You're right. You really do need it."

He put out his hand to introduce himself. "I'm the Marketing VP for the London operation."

She smiled tensely. "Of course you are." Then glancing at Duncan, "You'll pay for your many sins, Duncan Dickerson."

That got a laugh out of everyone again. If Christian wasn't already so put off by Americans and women in general, he might actually like this one.

Duncan put a hand to his chest. "Me? Oh, I was just having a bit of fun. It was good for you to meet Christian. Would you like me to take you to your home now?"

"Home?" she asked, looking between them. "I have a house?"

"She doesn't know?" Christian asked Duncan.

Duncan shrugged his shoulders. "I doubt her father told her everything."

At this Christian smiled. "My lady." He bent to kiss her hand before she had adequate time to pull it back.

"I don't like your tone," she said in a low voice.

Christian ignored her sarcasm. "You will be staying with your grandmother, at her house, which is actually your father's house; it's been around for generations."

She rolled her eyes. "So I've been told."

"We truly do have a rich history here in London-"

She put up her hand to silence him. "If you sing 'God Save the Queen,' I'm throwing my coffee in your face."

"Wow. She wasn't joking about the sleep meds and the bad flight." Duncan nudged Christian in the ribs.

"We best take her home," Christian answered.

"Um, hi. I'm right here." Kessen raised her hand.

Duncan laughed. "That's a relief; she does know where she is."

Christian's expression turned sober as he nodded his head emphatically. "Good girl." He patted her head and caught her rolling her eyes as she pulled away from him.

"Like I said, feisty," Duncan muttered.

"Wait. How would you have talked to him about me?" she asked.

Christian laughed-the perfect timing. Duncan had earlier texted him about her complaint of men and technology. "His social media update."

She growled, literally, and walked out the door.

Duncan threw the keys at Christian. "You do the honors. I think you've finally met your match, my lord."

Christian rolled his eyes in disgust. "I can handle her."

"See that you do." Duncan nodded towards the door. "Hurry. A girl like that doesn't stick around forever."

Confused by his comment, Christian turned around and went to the waiting car.

Kessen was waiting in the car with her arms crossed protectively over her chest. As if any minute Christian was going to ravage her or stare too long. He rolled his eyes and got into the driver's seat.

"You know, I can take care of myself. If you just give me directions to the house, you can stay for your meeting," she said.

At least she's not so selfish she doesn't realize the sacrifice in my job it takes for me to drive her around. "You don't like my company?" he asked teasingly.

She refused to look at him once. "No, I think you're rude, remember? And apparently my dislike for tea makes us sworn enemies."

Christian laughed. "Oh yes, sorry. I forgot. You are correct. But if you must know, I would feel like a cad if I let you find your grandmother's house on your own. With your Yankees t-shirt, you would be mugged within minutes."

"How comforting." She snorted.

"Isn't it, though?"

She turned towards him. "So what is it exactly that you do?"

"I see you're still feisty," he mumbled, but continued. "Considering I am the vice president of marketing for this branch, I'll be the one to show you the ropes of the London office in between your visits with your family."

Kessen made a weird face, and then huffed. "It will be good to see her."

"Who?"

"My grandmother." She smiled. "I haven't seen her since grandfather died. I'm actually really excited. Oh, and my cousin's getting married. Did you know that?"

"Uh..." Christian shifted uncomfortably in his seat. "No, that's wonderful. Who is she marrying?"

"You mean to tell me London is so small you think you know every man who walks the street?" she asked dryly.

He ignored her jab "No, but your cousin is from a wealthy family. Wealthy families don't date outside of their social circles. It simply isn't done. And your father is an earl."

"Just like the Vandenbrooks." She sighed and looked out the window.

Christian accidently slammed on the brakes, and then cursed loudly. But he didn't realize the window was open, so he grimaced as several people shook their heads in his direction-more likely from his lack of driving skills rather than the words coming out of his mouth.

"Did you say Vandenbrooks?" He choked.

She looked at him oddly. "Yes," she said slowly, as if he was a five-year-old. "I do read, you know. Don't judge; those novels are ... historical."

He laughed until his face hurt. "Historical? The romance novels about the Vandenbrook family are historical? And just where, dear girl, do you check your facts? The internet?"

When her face reddened, he realized she actually had gone online and checked out his family. Good thing his picture was quite old, and he wore his hair differently now. "You know, I wouldn't believe everything I read," he finally said, directing his eyes back to the road.

She looked disappointed. "So the Vandenbrook family isn't one of the oldest and most powerful families in London? And they don't live on Billionaires' Row? And they don't arrange marriages so their blood is never tainted with anything but old boring aristocrats?"

He sighed. "You're a better detective than most. I'll give you that, but try to focus on why you are here."

"Meaning?"

"Meaning, don't go stalking the Vandenbrook family when you have better things to do."

She banged her head against the window. "Like my coming out party? Awesome."

"I despise that you used 'like' and 'awesome' in the same breath," he grumbled. Kessen shot him a snarky look, then smiled pleasantly in his direction.

He looked back to the road again. "What do you mean coming out party?"

She made a face in his direction and sighed heavily before answering. "My father wants me to embrace my British heritage, which honestly hasn't been going well, what with him singing 'God Save the Queen' over me while I sleep."

Christian laughed. "Go on."

"Anyway, he said I can't take over the business until I have a coming out party and spend a Season in London." She shook her head then added, "I have no idea why I'm telling you this."

He bit his lip. "I see." It suddenly grew hot in the car. If his parents saw this girl and her connections to Newberry, his dating life would be sealed and handed to him on a silver platter with Kessen's name on it, and above that it would say Bride. This surely would not do.

She was still jabbering on. Americans and their inability to silence themselves. "So, hopefully, my grandmother forgets all about it-she is eighty-eight, you know-and I can just focus on the company."

"Have you met your grandmother?" he asked sarcastically. "She's sharper than Duncan and I put together."

"Not a difficult feat, I'm sure."

She was digging her own grave. "Don't say I didn't warn you, America."'

"You say that like it's a bad thing." She smiled sweetly. "But I gotta tell you, I don't like nicknames."

"I don't recall asking if you did," he said, feeling slightly annoyed at her tone. He silently prayed she would stop talking once they reached the large Victorian mansion.

Apparently, it was intimidating enough for even the spoiled American girl to gasp.

"I've forgotten how beautiful it was here." Her voice was oddly thick with emotion as if she had just found some part of herself, yet Christian decided that would be impossible. It would mean she had a heart and actually did care about her heritage, when it was apparent she didn't.

He pulled the car into park and shrugged his shoulders. "This is where we part ways. Have a lovely afternoon with your grandmother. I'm sure you have much to discuss."

She looked at him cautiously. "You mean you're not coming in with me?"

He couldn't help but smirk. "You are under the impression there's something between us other than severe dislike? If I've given you that impression, and you feel the need to introduce me to your family, I sincerely apologize."

Christian had never seen another human being's eyes squint so small in his entire life. Kessen unbuckled her seatbelt with reckless force and pushed open the door hard enough to bring it completely off its hinges. "I was just being nice, you pompous-"

"Oh hello, Lady Newberry!" Christian said pretending to see the elderly lady behind Kessen. The trick worked because the look on Kessen's face was nothing short of absolute terror. She turned slowly around and yelled when she saw nobody there.

"Don't make me your enemy, Christian ... Christian ... whatever your last name is!" She pointed her finger in his direction, and followed with a smug grin. In exiting the car she yelled something in Spanish-which in her defense, not that he wanted to side with her, she probably assumed he wouldn't understand.

"Gracias," he said, waving and driving away, leaving a pale and angry American behind.

Chapter Five

"Stupid British man," Kessen muttered as she lifted all four of her suitcases up the cobblestone stairs towards the front entry of the house. Mr. Fancy Pants didn't even help! He honked-honked-and drove off. For crying out loud, he nearly left a skid mark in front of the house with all his haste. Apparently, coming to London had made her the most unattractive person on the planet. What kind of girls did British guys go for anyway?

She made a mental note to ask Nick via internet chat later; he was always brutally honest. Was it the teeth? Was it because she looked "fake" to them? After all, Duncan was guilty of asking her if her hair and teeth and eyes were real, which honestly, was sort of mean. Who did that when they met a perfect stranger? Maybe they thought since Americans were rude, they had a right to be rude back?

Kessen gathered herself and lifted her hand to knock; she was momentarily thrown off balance when the door swung open, revealing an old-looking man in a suit. He did not smile. In fact, she was afraid he wasn't even breathing; crap, he didn't even blink. "I hate London,"Kessen grumbled to herself. If she had to look at one more emotionless person, she was going to stand on the top of the building and preach to people about the importance of having feelings.

He cleared his throat and continued to stare.

Kessen stared back, thinking it must be some kind of staring contest. Well, he was in for a long wait. She always won staring contests. She widened her eyes to give herself the look of ... well, probably the look of someone about to go insane.

He cleared his throat again. "Miss, we don't have any work here. Run along now and bother someone else."

"But-" Kessen put up her hand to stop the rapidly closing door.

The man rolled his eyes. "Yes? What is it?"

"I'm Lord Newberry's daughter. My name's Kessen."

His eyes widened in what she guessed was shock that the daughter of Lord Newberry would be so unkempt, and then yes, she saw them blink. He blinked. Thank you, God, she thought reverently.

He sniffed his nose at her and turned to walk away. "Follow me, Miss."

She dragged her suitcases in as best she could and tried to remind herself to take slow, even breaths.

He led her down a hallway which apparently had no ending, and up a flight of stairs. He told her to leave the luggage at the bottom and a maid would bring it up when she could. Kessen nodded her head and continued to follow him.

He finally stopped in front of a large white door and knocked not once, not twice, but three times. Each knock gradually louder than the first. The thought occurred to her that it was quite possible he knocked three times only for her grandma, and once for everyone else. Did they have a school for people like him? A no blinking school?

The door swung open, revealing her tiny grandmother. She was shrinking with age, which Kessen had thought was merely an urban legend. But the truth was being exhibited through her grandma, who was five-foot-two when full grown, and was now only four-foot-nine, bless her little heart.

"Grandmother!" Kessen yelled then hugged her as tightly as she could. Who cares about the stupid British rules of personal space?

Her grandmother didn't seem to mind either; instead she held Kessen with all the force a woman of eighty-eight could possess, which oddly enough, seemed like quite a lot of strength.

"Oh, my dearie, oh, my love," her grandma whispered into her hair. "I have missed you so much, my love. How is your father? Is he well? Here, come sit, sit!" She pointed to two little chairs by a small fireplace and turned towards the man-who-knows-no-emotion. "John, will you please bring us some tea and biscuits?"

He nodded his head, still not smiling and left.

"Does he smile?" she asked casually.

"Never," she said, expression stern. "We Brits do not smile, Kessen."

Kessen looked at her, panic-stricken, until her grandmother started laughing, a twinkle behind her harsh mask.

"I'm just having a little fun, love. Old John's always upset about something. Pay him no mind, and he's a tame little pu**y cat."

Kessen smiled and grabbed her grandmother's hand. "I've missed you."

Tears filled her grandmother's eyes. "Oh love, my heart is whole just seeing you sitting across from me. It is my greatest joy to introduce you to society."

Anxiety washed over her body. She must have showed as much, because her grandmother suddenly felt the need to reassure her.

"No worries, my dear. Everything will be just fine. We have a small ball this Friday which will be in your honor. I have already set aside time for shopping. It will be splendid, absolutely splendid!"

Kessen forced a toothy grin and said a quick "Yay" through clenched teeth. It was going to be a long week.

****

And it was. In fact, Kessen didn't even have time to sleep, let alone go check out the London offices of Newberry and Co. Her dad must have meant it when he said he wanted her to experience a Season.

Well, she was experiencing it, all right. The last three nights had been filled with endless dinner parties and shopping. By the night of the ball, she was so exhausted, she thought she would fall asleep getting dressed.

Her grandmother convinced Kessen to wear something slightly scandalous to her coming out party, mainly because it's what they expected Americans to do, and if she was to find a good match (yes, she did actually say 'match'), she needed to gain attention.

Three hours, two makeup artists, and one pedicurist later, Kessen was ready. Her gown was a silver, shimmery contraption, which plunged so low on her back it needed to be taped above her tailbone; the front was higher but left nothing to the imagination. It made her glad she had been working out every day for the past few months. She wore white gloves that went past her elbows and her hair was curled in huge, luscious waves all the way down her back. The makeup wasn't truly her style, but then again she never wore much makeup. They paired a smoky eye with pink lipstick, making her feel like a Barbie doll on her first date with Ken.

She took a deep breath as she heard a knock on the door.

Her grandmother appeared in head-to-toe pearls, which was actually the least shocking part about her outfit. The most outrageous element was the enormous ostrich hat perched on her head. It looked like a nest. A nest that had been recently used.

"Lovely," Kessen found herself saying, even though she wondered if her grandmother's vision was also going with her height.

"Oh, my love! Let me look at you!" her grandmother twirled her like only cute old British grandmothers could do, and sighed. "The future Duke of Albany will love you in this! Oh, he will adore you. He must marry this year, you know." She nudged Kessen in the side as if to say "take the hint."

Kessen wanted to gag. Marriage was the last thing she wanted. It sounded worse than her poorly written romance novels. "Um, thanks, Grandmother. But I think ... well, I don't think I'm ready for marriage quite yet."

Her grandmother's face paled as if her granddaughter had just confessed that she liked cats more than men.

"Oh dear, oh dear." Her grandmother sank onto the bed as if she was having a stroke.

"Are you okay?" Kessen rushed to her side. "Grandmother? Can you hear me?"

When Kessen reached her side, she was grabbed by the brittle yet irritatingly strong hand, and pulled down to the old woman's face. "Listen here, Kessen. You will marry soon; you must marry soon. I need to see great-grandbabies before I keel over and die!"

Kessen didn't know whether to laugh, cry, or do both. "Okay, Grandmother. I ... I'll try." Because what else can you say to your eighty-eight year old British grandmother? No? She didn't know the meaning of the word. It would be like asking her to compose a Tweet. Rather than get online, she would write a song about a bird.

It took nearly ten minutes for Kessen to coax her grandmother out of her room, and around ten promises that she would dance with the future duke, even though it was the last thing she wanted to do and it rated just about as high as driving nails into her hand.

Chapter Six

Kessen bit her lip as she waited at the top of the stairs and heard the announcement of her name. Prayers were sent up in rapid succession as she focused on putting one foot in front of the other and not falling, or worse, bringing down her old grandmother with her.

Once she descended the marble staircase she looked up. Hundreds of people were gaping at her. It was as if while saying her name, the announcer had also pointed out she was, in fact, from America and was here to wage war against Britain. It was at that point Kessen was tempted to walk up to every Brit in the room and mumble, "God save the queen," just so she could gain a little bit of respect.

Instead they eyed her suspiciously. "I have no knives! No nuclear weapons!" she wanted to say, but she didn't. Rather, she smiled and was led to the first of the many groups of people her grandmother wanted to introduce her to.

Two hours into the ball, Kessen was feeling overwhelmed and fatigued. What she needed was coffee, but she didn't want to embarrass her grandmother by actually saying it out loud. She would most likely be kicked from the highest social circles in disgrace, because of her ungrateful and stupid granddaughter who chose coffee over tea when she needed a caffeine rush.

She took a moment to figure out her options. Both refreshment tables were scattered with boring people she had already met, and the only way to her grandmother was through a young gentleman who had asked how much it cost to spend a night with her. No, thank you.

Then she saw it-a way out. A door was hidden in the far corner, and it led outside. Maybe if she just got a little fresh air she would feel better. Kessen darted to the door once the coast was clear and slipped outside, looking behind her to make sure nobody was following.

"Hmmmffff," something masculine in front of her said. It was large and muscular and...

She closed her eyes praying to disappear.

"You know, you've actually done that to me twice now."

"Ran into you?" she asked.

Christian laughed. "No. Closed your eyes in hopes of disappearing. It doesn't work that way, America."

She mouthed his words in a whiny voice and went to overlook the balcony. "I didn't mean to run into you. I'm just tired, and there's no coffee. And even if I wanted it, it would most likely cause great scandal. I love my grandmother and don't want her getting kicked out of her bridge groups if people judge her based on my decisions, and-"

Christian had his hand to her mouth. "My word, America, do you ever cease talking?"

She shook her head no, and then felt a little ashamed when her eyes welled up with tears. The familiar knot in her throat built up. Seeing her grandmother made her all the more sad about her mom, then the stress of the night and knowing that she had a tendency to cry when she was tired made her feel like she was riding an emotional rollercoaster.

Something in Christian's eyes changed. The blue icy tones turned almost sincere and warm as he smiled and removed his glove. He was absolutely the most handsome man Kessen had ever seen. Had he just been touching her mouth? Had she just been blabbing about her grandmother getting kicked out of bridge?

She started to back away from him in sheer horror of her behavior when he tugged her arm and said, "Follow me."

Now, in her books she had read this was a big no-no, but honestly, that was during Regency times. There was no possible way they held people to the same standards nowadays. Surely people who snuck away together without chaperones weren't forced to marry. But just in case, she kept a few feet away from him as he led her to the back of the house.

He let himself inside and opened the servant's door to another, larger room. It was the kitchen. Kessen fought to keep the welling tears from streaming down her face.

"What you need," he said, searching cupboards, "is sugar and caffeine. Aha!"

Kessen peeked around the cupboard to see what he was holding.

It was sugary nutty spread sent from the gods.

Pure joy radiated from her face as she grabbed the tiny jar from him. "Is it wrong that I kind of want to cry right now?" she asked.

He laughed. "Tears of joy?"

She chuckled, taking the spoon from him.

They both dipped spoons in the jar and ate at least half of the remnants before they caught bustling around the front entrance. They ducked quickly behind the counter and heard servants mumbling to themselves.

"I don't know what the big deal is. So what? She's American. She's probably some spoiled rich heiress who thinks she can do whatever she likes, because her father is a Newberry. It doesn't mean I have to like her, or that I have to enjoy serving her."

The other servant laughed. "And did you see what she was wearing? We aren't running a brothel here."

The chatter ceased as they left the kitchen.

Kessen suddenly felt sick. Christian's face darkened. "That was rude of them. Don't listen to anything they say. They're servants. It isn't their place to say anything of that manner. They were completely out of line."

She shrugged. "It's fine. Really. I mean, I can't control how other people view me, but I can control how I respond to them, right?" She smiled weakly and got up from the floor.

"Wait," he snapped at her. She jerked her head up to meet his gaze. "Pardon me for saying this, but your ball hasn't exactly been the great success it deserves to be."

Where was mean Christian? She liked mean Christian better, the one who hated her. This one was unpredictable and undeniably attractive.

"Follow me," he barked, dragging her through the main door.

"Um, Christian? I don't think ... um-"

"Stop talking," he insisted, pulling her through crowds of now gawking people. "We are going to dance."

With that, he grabbed her hand and led her across the floor. Kessen was curious as to why every single person in the room seemed to have their mouths open, but chalked it up to the harlot-style dress she was wearing. Hopefully the tape was still secure; otherwise, they were going to get a show.

Christian's gaze smoldered, making her shift uncomfortably in place. If looks could kill, those maids would be dead. His body seemed to be radiating heat in all directions. It was like a magnet; her own body heat responded wildly to his. It felt like torture to keep her hands from running through his hair, down his back-anywhere, just to touch him.

What was she thinking? This was the same man who dropped her off three days ago and insulted her and called her stupid.

Then he smiled.

His teeth were straight and real, and it was maddening.

The dance ended, yet he didn't let go. Instead, he tucked her arm into his own and led her off the floor to where her grandmother proudly stood.

Kessen was about to introduce Christian when her grandmother interrupted her.

"Oh, my love! I knew you would keep your promise!"

Kessen looked from Christian to her grandmother blankly. "Promise?" she asked.

Her grandmother was beaming. "To dance with the future duke, of course!" she exclaimed, looking towards Christian with marriage-filled eyes.

Kessen whispered to her grandma. "Was your punch spiked, Grandmother?"

"Oh, posh!" Her grandma swatted at her. "So sorry, my lord. Her American humor is sometimes odd."

Kessen felt her face redden as she looked up at Christian with a tense smile. "My lord?" she asked, her voice slightly wavering.

"At your service." He bowed over her hand and kissed it. Kessen did not miss the amusement on his face as he released her fingers.

"I, uh..." She couldn't find words; they seemed somehow locked in her fuzzy brain. "I thought you worked for Newberry and Co."

****

It was hands-down the best night of Christian's life, and the look on Kessen's face was the highlight. She had no idea, but of course she didn't. He hadn't told her his last name, and here she had gone and told him all about doing an Internet search for his family. It was perfect, and he would make sure she would never live it down.

He hadn't meant to do it this way; in all actuality, he had it planned out a lot better. His original idea was to torture her with his presence until she slapped him in front of the most powerful people he knew. But after the comments heard in the kitchen and the look of bravery on Kessen's face, he realized he couldn't go through with it.

Instead, he decided to save the day, and was enjoying that decision immensely.

"He does work for Newberry and Co., dear," her grandmother answered emphatically. "Christian Vandenbrook has been an asset to your father's operations here in London."

Kessen's grandmother winked in his direction. It took all the strength he could muster to keep himself from laughing.

Kessen's face had paled again. She actually looked quite ill. "Vandenbrook," she repeated softly. For some reason, her lips saying his last name gave him an odd twinge of pleasure. He liked it.

"Vandenbrook?" she said, a little higher pitched this time.

"Time to go!" he announced, grabbing her hand for another dance.

"Wha-?" Kessen's vocabulary was slowly deteriorating.

"America, I had no idea you could be so eloquent. Tell me, is it my title, my fortune, my good looks, or my ability to save you from this disastrous event which is the reason for your inability to speak?"

She didn't answer. She glared. He loved it. She continued to glare throughout the entire dance. He would die a happy man, if a girl would treat him like he was the scum of the earth. How he tired of women who were constantly trying to impress him.

Kessen Newberry didn't care about him. In fact, she probably despised him, which ironically put him in an even more cheerful mood-which he didn't think possible.

Looking into her eyes meant he might actually start to like her, so he attempted to grin at those staring at him from around the room. "Kessen, you should stop glaring at me. People will think we hate each other."

"They'll be correct," she seethed, though her expression was flawlessly beautiful and lit up in quite an enchanting forced smile.

"Was that so difficult?" he murmured against her ear, sending irritating shivers down his own spine.

She let out a fake laugh. "You have no idea how much I loathe you."

"The line between love and hate is very thin, America."

She clenched his hand tightly. "I want to cause you bodily harm."

He grunted. "Spoken like a true American woman. Tell me, do you ever stop thinking and analyzing and talking long enough to just be?"

"Be what?"

"Just be. I don't know-exactly what you were created for, to just enjoy the moment."

She sighed. "If you want me to tell you I enjoy dancing with you, you can just say so."

"No, sweetheart, I don't think I need you to tell me anything. Your body says it all." He felt his smile deepen as the crimson crept all the way down her neck.

Her arm pulled possessively around his neck as she leaned in and whispered, "I despise you."

"Like I said before, hate and love are divided by a very fine line." He leaned in close enough to kiss her, then panicked when he realized that was exactly what he wanted to do. Her mouth was enough to distract anyone with two eyes. It was held in a tight little pout, which just begged to be opened.

He shook the thoughts from his head and abruptly turned away. Thoughts like that had no place in his mind right now. He needed to be concentrating on work, his impending marriage, anything rather than the beautiful creature dancing with him. She would be nothing but trouble anyway. Newberrys were notorious for their opinionated family members, and from meeting her, he could tell she was already forming many opinions of her own about him and the rest of London.

And who hates London, of all places? Of course, he hadn't actually helped the situation much, since he verbally ostracized her for ordering coffee instead of tea, but he couldn't help himself. She was so cocky and ignorant.

He twirled her around once more and kissed her hand. "Until we meet again, America," he said while bowing deeply in front of her.

Kessen's chest was rising and falling as if she had just run a marathon. He knew she wasn't out of shape. One could tell she worked out on a daily basis with the way her dress was hugging her. No, she was furious-at him. If he didn't fix this, she was going to make a fool of herself in front of everyone, and her grandmother would suffer the consequences.

He suppressed a smirk before grabbing her hand and tucking it again into his own. "How about another walk?"

"I'd rather not."

"I'm not giving you a choice."

"There's a shock," she grumbled, yet followed him outside to the gardens again.

"Not that I'm one for scolding," he volunteered. "I feel the need to remind you that you have a reputation to uphold as a Newberry. Your grandmother is exceedingly proud of you, though I can't see the many reasons why. You should try to conceal your emotions better. You Americans have always struggled with wearing your hearts on your sleeves."

She rolled her eyes. "Funny. According to you, I don't have a heart." Her head tilted to the side, adding to the sarcasm, but also making her neck look like the most graceful thing Christian had seen in years. Her skin was just the right amount of tan against the moon. He found himself holding his hand back so he wouldn't reach out to touch her skin.

He turned around again and swallowed, regaining his lost composure. "My opinion doesn't matter."

"Finally something we agree on," she interjected.

He sighed.

She laughed.

And then he touched her.

He shouldn't have; he knew it was a bad idea, but he had forgotten his place, and she had stepped directly in front of him. Did she think he was made of steel? He was a red-blooded male after all, and what normal man wouldn't take this opportunity?

****

He was touching her. Why was he touching her? Worse, why did she like it? His hands no longer had gloves on them as they reached around her neck and stilled. It was as if he were trying to see how big her neck was, which was not romantic at all, except for the fact his eyes were dark as the night sky when he looked into hers. The heat from his hands sent waves of pleasure all the way down to her toes.

She inwardly cursed, for her mind and body had betrayed her. She tried to pull away, but found her legs wouldn't respond to the message her brain was relaying to them. Instead, she waited for him to say something, but he seemed frozen in place, as if their very touch froze a moment in time for only the two of them to enjoy.

She jumped when she heard a rustling in the bushes. A small white bunny hopped a few feet away, breaking the spell and making her realize how stupid she had been. Hook, line, and sinker, she fell for his trick. His touch nearly undid her. Her head whipped back to his, and before she had time to think about it, her hand met his cheek with passionate intensity.

"What's wrong with you? You can't just go about trying to seduce people in gardens! It's not-done," she stammered.

He opened his mouth to respond, but she interrupted again.

"And don't think just because you have this silly little archaic title I would even consider looking twice at you. I don't care who you are or what you do. I will not be manipulated or taken advantage of. I'm smart!" She continued rambling, only this time she was pacing in front of him. "And I know you think I'm just some stupid American, but I graduated from Harvard and Yale. And yes, okay, so maybe I read romance novels, but I also read the Wall Street Journal. I was voted most likely to succeed, and at the age of twenty, I had already made enough investments on my own to retire, for crying out loud!" Her fists were clenched so tightly she could feel the blood draining from them.

"And-" She lifted up a finger to add to her already well-made point, but his mouth was already crushing down onto hers, leaving her breathless and angry and too confused to do anything except kiss him back.

And kiss him back she did. Her hands went possessively through his chestnut hair. She tugged at the little strands and felt his kiss deepen as she did so. Gasps for air were heard from both, but neither of them stopped the scandalous embrace. What was more surprising was she was enjoying this kiss more than any kiss before. Apparently, it was the one thing British men were good at.

His tongue tasted her lips then dipped inside her mouth, teasing every sense she possessed. Her body was on fire. Whatever he had awakened in her-it felt good. It wasn't until moments later they finally broke apart, and it wasn't because either of them wanted to stop.

No. It was because someone had cleared a throat.

Kessen was too mortified to even look. Christian, however, looked beyond pleased with himself, making her want to slap the smug grin directly off of him. He turned to face the person standing at the door and paled immediately.

Chapter Seven

Kessen's curiosity got the best of her, and she slowly moved her head to where Christian was looking. It appeared the night could in fact get worse, when she realized her own grandmother was standing at the door with an older gentleman at her side.

"Love," she said evenly, "I would like you to meet the current Duke of Albany, William Vandenbrook."

Christian cursed under his breath then disclosed, "My father."

"Swell," she croaked.

Now if her life were a book, which it obviously was not, this would be the point in the book where the grandmother would be outraged and tell both guilty parties it was time for them to get married. News would spread throughout the ton until everyone knew their shame, and she would become the future Duchess of Albany, all the while falling in love with her betrothed and thanking her lucky stars for making her follow him out into the garden.

If her life were a book. But it was not, which meant she could smile through this awkward situation and eat her body weight in chocolate later tonight, when she remembered how embarrassing it was to be caught making out by one's grandmother.

Grandmother had an odd look on her face-almost as if she had just trapped Kessen into something-but for crying out loud, it was 2012 What could they possibly do?

And then a camera went off.

And another.

And another.

Until Kessen was absolutely blinded by flashes of lights. She tried to keep a straight face as paparazzi began pouring out of the bushes. Sure, it had been a bunny rabbit, but the rabbit had been scared off for other reasons entirely. The media had been parked just outside waiting for something like this to happen. And they had heard every word.

Panicked, she looked to Christian, who seemed equally as alarmed. He looked to his father for an explanation, but his father looked to her grandmother, and-wait a second... Did they just shake hands?

****

"You have got to be kidding me!" Kessen wailed towards the ceiling. She had her hand raised above her head as if God was punishing her, which in hindsight He probably was. After all, she was making out shamelessly in the gardens. Is kissing so bad? Huh, God? Is it? Can't a girl have a little fun on vacation?

The answer was a resounding no.

Christian hadn't said a word since their discovery. Security guards shooed the paparazzi away, but the damage had already been done. The worst part was Christian's dad had just that night made an announcement that his son was to be married by the end of the year.

The timing could not be any worse.

All signs pointed to the sudden arrival of Lord Newberry's daughter. It was a match made in aristocratic heaven. Sure her blood wasn't as blue as most Vandenbrooks would have liked, a comment made earlier by the duke himself, but she was still an heiress, after all. The Newberry money would propel the Vandenbrooks and the Newberrys into the highest of social circles-not that they weren't already dangerously close ... plus the press would have a field day.

Just think-a Brit born in America, coming home to her beloved country to marry the heir to the dukedom. How romantic.

Yet every inch of her body revolted against the idea. This was not the plan. Her plan had been to simply do her father's bidding and return home as the new CEO of the London operation, not get married to a duke and live in Hades for the rest of her existence.

She hadn't even seen her cousin since arriving. When she finally asked her grandmother where her cousin was, she gave her a blank stare as if to say, "You didn't know?"

"She has gone on holiday for a few weeks and will return right before the wedding," her grandmother said absentmindedly.

These are the things which kept Kessen biting her nails as she sat in the large salon, waiting for the Vandenbrooks to make a statement.

Christian wasn't helping; he kept looking at her with hate in his eyes. The looks she threw back were nothing short of mutual understanding. She had her arms crossed over her chest, as if uncrossing them would lead to more pleasurable things.

And why couldn't she stop thinking about that stupid kiss? Well, if she was being honest with herself, and apparently it was a night for honesty, it wasn't really just a kiss. It had been a make out session from heaven. Only the ending had been a little off.

She moaned, and then realized it had been loud enough for Christian to hear. He lifted one eyebrow and smirked at her. Thank God he couldn't see how much of an effect he had on her. Her stomach fluttered treacherously while she used all the strength she could muster to turn away.

Just then her grandmother and the duke entered arm in arm. They both looked extremely pleased, which did not make Kessen feel any better.

The duke spoke first. "I would like to be the first to offer congratulations on your engagement. I had been hoping it would be a higher match..." His eyes settled on Kessen. "...But the Newberry family is a close second to the family I already had in mind for our alliance. You will do quite well, Kessen. And Christian..." He went to grab his hands. "I see the title and all the wealth will pass down to you after all. Never fear. I wouldn't dream of disinheriting you, now that you have a fiancee to take care of!"

Kessen's grandmother was suppressing laughter as she stepped toward them. "Oh, my love! You look tired; doesn't she look tired?" She glanced to the duke, who nodded his head emphatically. "Why don't you and Christian go have a little snack in the kitchen while we discuss specifics?"

"Certainly." Christian finally broke his long silence.

"Stupid kitchen's the reason for this fiasco in the first place," Kessen mumbled, but Christian must have heard, because the corners of his mouth lifted into a smile.

As soon as they exited the room, they pushed one another away. "This is all your fault!" Kessen accused. "How was I supposed to know there were paparazzi?"

Christian refused to comment. Instead he sent an ugly sneer her way before opening the door and puffing up his chest. "I'm sure you're used to gentlemen falling all over themselves for you, Kessen, but please. Do you honestly think someone like me would need to trap you in order to get you?"

Kessen saw red.

Of course, she had read numerous stories where women swear they saw nothing but red when they got angry, and she was having a real-life experience of it in this moment. Nobody should be held accountable for doing things when they saw red ... nobody.

She threw a wooden spoon.

He ducked, quite agile for a Brit.

He grabbed a pot as she began throwing limes, oranges, and pears-anything she could find, until she found a large grilling fork.

"Aha!" she yelled, pointing it out in front of her.

"My apologies, Father. Can't get married, because my fiancee is crazy!" he yelled, knocking the fork out of her hands and tackling her, sending both of them sailing into the flour.

****

Christian hadn't meant to lose all control, but he couldn't be held responsible for any of his actions in the presence of Kessen. She absolutely brought out the worst in him, which suffice to say, was not a pretty sight.

He felt as if they were in slow motion when they finally sailed into the flour. He had managed to get all sharp pointy objects away from Kessen except the fork, which was now flying across the room at an alarming speed.

And then the flour hit. He couldn't even see for a few seconds as the air filled with white dust particles settling onto what seemed like every square inch of his body and Kessen's. She coughed beneath him, and then laughed.

It was devastating.

And at that moment, in the flour with the most irritating American girl he had ever met, he became completely ruined.

His body was already responding to his head, as everything began pulsating with heat. She was aggravating, but she was interesting, and he wanted her.

In fact, he couldn't remember a time when he had wanted a woman this badly, and he had had a lot of women during his years at university.

Then she smiled, all covered in flour and innocent. Their foreheads touched, and their eyes locked. He shouldn't. He really shouldn't, but he was having trouble with self-control that night.

His lips descended towards hers. Obviously he had already made the decision, and he didn't care about anything but tasting her again.

Another throat cleared. There had to be another type of signal people could use.

He looked up to see her grandmother regarding them with the most peculiar look on her face.

"Food fight?" she asked, arms still crossed but eyes twinkling with mischief.

Christian jerked away from Kessen and helped her up from the floor.

"No," Kessen answered. "Christian was throwing flour at me, and then he threw a fork, Grandma. A fork-as in a sharp object! I barely escaped with my life." She bent down and kissed her on the cheek. Goodnight."

She turned and winked at Christian, then walked out of the kitchen.

The little minx had totally thrown him under the bus. He looked guiltily from the flour to her grandmother and shrugged, because what else could he do? He could deny it, but it would be her word against his.

Lady Newberry walked strategically through the flour and put both tiny hands on his chest. "You, sir, are going to have your hands full with that one."

"Understatement of the century," he murmured and kissed the sweet lady on the cheek. "Good evening, Lady Newberry. May I call on Kessen tomorrow?"

"I'll make certain she's ready," she answered, waving him off.

Kessen was unwise to provoke him, or poke the beast, as they say. She couldn't fool him, and the sooner she realized how evenly matched they actually were, the better off both of them would be in this engagement.

At this point he was powerless to stop it. Saying it was a mistake or an accident would bring embarrassment on both families. The only option was to suck it up and get married. He knew Kessen's type; she was married to her work, and he was the same way. How bad could marrying Kessen be? She was wildly attractive-obviously he wanted her-and she would keep him on his toes. She would definitely look good on his arm, not that he would ever admit it to her. Admitting she was eye candy would probably provoke her to shave her head; she was that type of girl.

He chuckled as he let himself out. The party was long over by now, and he needed all the rest he could get before facing tomorrow.

Chapter Eight

Kessen blinked several times before finally admitting she was awake. In fact, she hadn't slept one wink that night. It had taken at least an hour to get all the flour out of her hair and another hour for her to brush it all out. She wanted nothing more than to get a cup of hot coffee, sit by the fireplace, and read. Though now reading about the Vandenbrook family left an odd twittering in her belly.

It was strange she would feel fluttery when thinking about that family. To think that a few days ago, she was dreaming about the olden days of London society. Now it was like living a nightmare.

She was caught in a scandal. A scandal in 2012! She wasn't a celebrity, although she would admit to being mildly famous because of her money, and here she was being forced to marry just because of the stupid Vandenbrook family!

But it was some kiss.

"Focus!" she grumbled to herself. In fact, she hadn't been able to get the incident out of her head all night. Crunching numbers in her head, singing songs, and reading books-nothing could pry her attention away from the memory of Christian's soft lips against hers.

****

Kessen scolded herself for allowing her feelings to get involved. It was obvious she hadn't been kissed in a while, especially from the way she had reacted. What was she thinking? Grabbing his hair and pulling it? Wrapping her arms seductively around his neck?

"Oh!" she screamed into her pillow, hitting it simultaneously with her hand, all the while kicking her feet crazily in the air.

When a mild cough interrupted her, she winced. There had to be some other way to let someone know you were standing there watching the crazy antics.

"What a fantastic way to start the morning!" a deep voice exclaimed.

She whined into her pillow once more before opening her eyes.

A prayer went up to the nightgown gods when she realized she had put on cute boy shorts and a t-shirt before bed, rather than her ratty t-shirt and sweats.

Christian had somehow let himself into her room. He looked ridiculously handsome in his perfectly ripped jeans and leather jacket, making her feel somewhat feisty and, unfortunately, a little heated.

"May I help you?" she seethed through clenched teeth.

"Tsk, tsk. We wouldn't want your teeth to be grinding. Remember, we don't have the best dentists over here." He flashed a wide grin, making her stomach drop to her knees.

The man had no idea the effect he had on her, and it was probably a good thing, considering the compromising situations they had recently managed to get themselves into.

"Why?"

He sauntered towards her. "Why, what?"

"Why are you here?"

He sighed. "Well, I think everyone goes through a time in their lives when they ask that same question. It's brave of you to finally step outside of yourself and-"

Her hand lifted impulsively with every intention of leaving a print on his perfectly chiseled jaw.

"Easy, tiger," he joked, swiftly grabbing it out of the air and pulling her into his sturdy frame. "We are spending the day together, which means you have to learn how to play nice, or your poor grandmother will have to deal with the repercussions of your wretched behavior."

"I don't have to do anything," she argued, turning away.

"Actually," he stepped behind her and rasped into her ear, "you do. Because if you don't, the embarrassment would not only destroy both our families, but the stocks for your father's company would plummet."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean," he said, grabbing a few papers from under his arm, "everyone loves us."

Her mouth dropped open. He lifted a hand to shut it, letting his fingertips linger on her chin. The shivers went all the way down to her toes this time. She closed her eyes to regain control. "Let me see," she snapped, pulling the papers out of his grasp.

It was worse than she thought.

It was true.

She was done for.

Her head jerked up to his gaze. He didn't seem as smug as she would have liked; instead he looked just as irritated as she felt.

"How did this happen?" she yelled.

"Calm down," he ordered, pushing her into a nearby chair. "I guess I'll have to be the one to do this, then." He took a deep breath and started, "Sometimes when a boy and girl meet, they find each other-how shall I put it? Oh, yes-attractive. And sometimes, when the boy and girl get close things happen and-"

Her chest was rising and falling in ragged succession. "Not that. I know how that happened, thank you very much." She unfurled the paper. "This. How did this happen?"

His face twisted bitterly. "Take a guess."

Kessen thought through the previous night's events-her grandmother's expression, the handshake between the two.

"No." She groaned.

"Yes."

"No!"

"Yes!" he said loudly. "Come on, my father has been pestering me for months; your father is apparently worried sick about you, since you won't bring yourself out of isolation unless you're with Nick and Sammy." His mouth shut suddenly.

She opened her mouth wide to yell, but he forcefully put his hand over it. "We spoke earlier. Actually, I just got off the telephone. Apparently he's been planning this for months with your grandmother. Even your silly cousin is in on it. Of course, I wasn't part of the plan, but getting you married off was the reason. He wanted you to marry someone from England, and now he has his wish. And since I'm the head of the offices over here, and I'm the next in line for the dukedom, I'd say his plan worked to perfection."

She felt hot all over. A feeling of dread swept over her.

"Breathe, America. Deep breaths," he soothed, his hand still covering her mouth.

So, she did the only thing she could think of doing.

She bit his hand. Tenderly, of course.

His hand shot off of her face faster than she would have imagined. But instead of being upset, his eyes lit with fire. He leaned in close. Kessen's stomach lurched. Was he going to kiss her again? Expectantly, she leaned in to meet him just as her chair fell.

"What the-" She looked down. "You did that on purpose."

"Don't bite," he scolded, turning around to shield his face. He was nonplussed by her behavior, because the next thing he said was he would give her an hour to get ready. They had press to face and a day of "dating" to endure. He left her at that, while she grumbled on the floor about his lack of chivalry.

What was with him and his rude attitude? One minute he looked like he wanted to eat her, the next he was so annoyingly upset that she couldn't do anything right.

She stood and ran to her closet. Time to dress the part.

Chapter Nine

Kessen's clothes were extraordinary. When she had arrived, her clothes screamed tourist, but now he felt like he was staring at an entirely different human being. Not that she hadn't been gorgeous before, but when he looked at her, he felt like he was under a spell-a spell that was broken only when she opened her mouth to speak.

She was wearing black linen shorts, red stiletto heels, a flimsy, airy-looking top and a tailored jacket that went just below her waist, drawing his eyes to her deliciously long legs.

He couldn't tell if she wore makeup, mainly because she was so utterly breathtaking at the moment, he didn't even dare look into her eyes.

"Shall we?" She smiled, holding her hand out.

He shook his head. "And so it begins."

The doors of the house opened and he led her to his waiting SUV. He opened the car door just in time to see the first paparazzi fly out from behind the bushes.

"My lord, do you have a comment?" a man asked behind the snapping camera.

Christian smiled tensely and opened the door. Obviously he had no comment. How had he not seen the photographers in the bushes? How did this happen twice in two days?

He pulled on his designer sunglasses and looked over to a patiently waiting Kessen. She was looking around the car.

"So, no carriage, huh?"

"You read too much."

She shook her head. "Don't I know it." She pulled out matching designer sunglasses and threw them on. "You know this isn't going to disguise us, right? We're driving around in money, putting money on our faces, and, oh yeah, our last names scream money. What did you have in mind for a date anyway? Because I doubt it's going to be private enough."

He smiled triumphantly. "Oh, it will be private."

The car took them around to the front of The Ritz and stopped.

"I thought you said private." She reached for her door handle.

His hand shot across hers. "I know chivalry is dead in America, but we open car doors for women here."

Whatever he said must have shocked her enough to let go of her death grip on the car. She nodded her head, and to his surprise, managed to wait a whole five seconds for him to arrive at her door to open it. He pulled her arm into his own and escorted her inside amidst the flashing lights of photographers.

They passed a few tables in the hotel lobby on the way. Every single one of them had a newspaper with a picture of the two of them lip-locked on the front. Titles ranged from "Match of the Century" to "Marriage Made in Stock Market Heaven." He groaned outwardly, pointing at them as they passed.

Kessen's groan matched his own. She had more to lose in this, and he knew she was aware of that. They were launching a new line of products just this month. Bad press wouldn't go well with how much money they had invested into the new coffee creamer for Newberry and Co. good press, however, would make it a success, skyrocketing her father's business into the hundred million mark.

She hadn't a choice in the matter. Normally a stolen kiss on a balcony would do nothing to seal your fate with someone, but since they were so high profile, and since both their families were that manipulative, it did exactly that and then some.

The ballroom they entered was set up with tables loaded with food. The sight seemed to upset her when she saw they were alone, but it was nothing more than a brunch.

He had her just where he wanted her.

"Throw this on." He tossed her a baseball hat and workout clothes.

"What?"

"Put. It. On," he ordered, now standing closer to her than he would have liked. She looked mischievous and then she began pulling her clothes off.

Whatever her ploy, it worked. His face felt so red and hot, he thought he would pass out.

She approached him and smiled. "Do you think you want to rephrase your command?"

He cleared his throat and closed his eyes; it was the only way to keep him from doing something they would both regret. "Please change over there, while I change over here." He pointed to a corner of the room with a makeshift sheet in front of it, specifically designed for changing.

Her lips were inches from his. It wouldn't hurt, just one little kiss. He leaned in just as she moved to whisper into his ear, "Thought so."

The room was most definitely spinning. Though he would be a fool to admit it. And what kind of perfume did she wear? It was intoxicating. Christian normally despised perfume, thinking it too fluffy, but hers was spicy and seductive. It was an almost identical fit to her personality.

He thanked God for small favors when she finally disappeared behind the sheet, allowing his breathing to return to normal, even though every muscle in his body had tightened with awareness. She would be the death of him.

Not that he wouldn't welcome death with open arms, especially if it looked and smelled like Kessen.

The very idea that he was entertaining such thoughts proved his insanity. Just days ago he wanted nothing more than to throttle her and send her back to Colorado. Now he was thinking he would rather she throttle him. It must be exhaustion. It had to be-anything but actual attraction.

As he pondered the many reasons for being disgusted with himself, a sudden clearing throat startled him.

Two things occurred to him as he turned around-first, this was probably the most fun he'd had in years, and second, he was in dangerous territory with this unpredictable girl, and he wasn't sure how much more he could take.

"Ready," she announced, pulling her hat on. She looked like she was about to run the New York City marathon. When he had picked out the clothes, he only had in mind agility and comfort; it was unfortunate he couldn't lock her in this banquet hall right now and have his way with her.

He knew he wanted to; in fact, the desire was so strong, he found himself staring at her shapely legs ... right up until she clapped in front of his face.

The sound made him jump and cower with both hands over his face, in case of some small chance she might actually strike him. He deserved it anyway; had she been inside his head, she would have done more than slap him.

Regaining what composure he had left, he threw her a brilliant smile and whistled, while he walked behind the sheet and changed into his workout clothes. In all the commotion of her throwing her too-tight body in his face, he had forgotten he too had a disguise.

"So, what are we doing?" she asked nonchalantly while he pulled on the black fleece jacket. He had never felt so American in his life. They took casual to a whole new level. He had only visited the headquarters in Colorado once. Kessen had been away at school, so he hadn't met her then, but he did meet all two thousand employees, and every single one of them seemed to be wearing some sort of version of the zip-up he was putting on now.

At first it had annoyed him, and then the temperatures plummeted, along with his irritation. The next day, he went and bought at least three of them and hadn't been able to part with any of them since. However, his friends did make fun of him when he returned. None of them had ever seen a future duke in such American garb. It was on many accounts scandalous. Never mind that his love life had drawn public attention on more than one occasion, or that his family had been accused of bribing some of the other families of nobility. The thing which got him the most attention was the zip-up, something he would never understand.

As he pulled away the sheet, Christian stifled a laugh. Kessen had her arms crossed and was tapping her foot impatiently. "You didn't answer my question."

She was such an easy target; he walked past her, hitting the rim of her hat, sending her hair flying out from underneath and the hat flipping through the air. "Sorry, America. I was lost in my thoughts." He smirked. "Grab your hat, will you? We have a lot of ground to cover."

Her hands formed little fists as she picked up her hat and threw it at him. He had the good sense to duck, even though it wouldn't have hurt. "Really, Kessen? Act your age."

"Just following your noble example, sir."

A smile formed on Christian's lips. "That's much better. It's always comforting when people around you understand your superior social class."

"How, in any way, are you superior to me?" she demanded, catching up with him.

He licked his lips and leaned in. "I thought you read all the time? Surely you know a future duke has a higher social standing than the daughter of an earl; especially a daughter of only half blue blood. Your mother was American, after all."

"You make it sound like I'm diseased," she said gruffly.

He tilted his head as if to say, "Well, aren't you?" But instead he went for, "If the shoe fits..."

"How do you feel about physical violence?" she asked, changing the subject.

"Well, I-" he started to say, but Kessen had already raised her fist and hit him in the arm so hard, he knew he would be gifted with a bruise. "What was that for?" he yelled.

"Oh ... just paying my respects to the higher social class." She did a little curtsy and put her hat on.

Maybe taking her on an excursion was a bad choice, he thought as he led her out the back door of the hotel. But how else were they to get to know one another, when every waking moment they would have paparazzi chasing them down the streets? Anyway, she would have to learn how to conduct herself in his social circles-not that he doubted she knew how, but during the next month she would be in the public eye more than she ever had been before.

The future of her father's company somehow was inextricably entwined with how Christian and Kessen fared together. If they could pull it off without a hitch, sales would go well. If for some reason people gathered it was a publicity stunt, the stocks would likely drop, and her father's dream of going into every supermarket around the world would be dead.

But he couldn't say that to her, not with all the pressure she was already dealing with. He felt bad enough dragging her into such an odd situation. Then again, he couldn't be happier that his parents were finally off his back about marriage. At least now he could concentrate on trying to woo the one woman he had no desire to woo.

Well, perhaps there was some desire. But he was hard at work trying to eradicate that need for the sake of his sanity and pride.

One thing was for certain, his summer would never be the same.

****

Kessen was racking her brain, going through every possible strategy of how to get through the summer. How was she to make this engagement look planned? If everyone loved them being together as much as the papers suggested, then they had their work cut out for them.

If they couldn't pass for a real couple, it would be deemed a publicity stunt, and stocks would drop. If they broke up, the new product launch would most likely suffer, and if they got married...

If they actually did get married-not that she was agreeing to anything-it would quite honestly be a match made in business heaven. At least for both their families.

She sighed, then stole a glance at Christian.

He was beautiful.

Men weren't supposed to be beautiful, though.

In the midst of the excitement of escaping the hotel, he had grabbed her hand. They climbed into an unmarked black SUV, but he still hadn't let go of her hand.

Kessen hated admitting how good it felt. How long had it been since she had actually dated? That area of her mind most likely was strewn with cobwebs. Apparently the only dating she was regularly exposed to was the kind which took place in her books.

Why did he have to be British? And a titled Brit, no less? One thing was obvious; God had a great sense of humor.

Christian let go of her hand, leaving his imprint of warmth where he had held it ... making her stomach flutter all the more. And how was it fair someone like him would have a title? He was, as she had already decided, beautifully made-tall, handsome, well built, and he kissed like a movie star. Well, at least how she would assume a movie star kissed. Soft feather-light kisses when he wanted, then deep passionate ones that made her forget her name.

She happened to like the second ones best; not that she cared, as long as they were touching.

Oh, my gosh! Kessen panicked. Why am I thinking these things? It's Christian! CHRISTIAN! I can't like him; I can't like him. She chanted repeatedly in her mind the entire car ride, nearly giving herself a headache, until they pulled up in front of a small cottage just outside the city.

"Where are we?" she asked when they stopped. "It looks like a tiny cottage."

"So observant," Christian muttered. "Americans have such a knack for stating the absolute obvious, as if they are the only creatures to have noticed something of which everyone else is already painfully aware..."

Kessen heard him scolding, but drowned him out as they sauntered to the house. It was like a storybook come to life. In fact, it was exactly where she would have imagined Snow White had lived with her seven dwarf friends. She shot a sidelong glance at Christian and had to laugh. Right. Him a dwarf-that was like calling herself quiet and feeble-minded.

He unlocked the door and let her inside.

And then they were alone.

Completely alone.

Something akin to panic jolted her when she realized she was going to be trapped in this cozy little house for God knew how long, with the most attractive man she had ever laid eyes on.

Normally, in books, a woman swooned and prattled on about protecting her virtue.

Was it wrong that she was contemplating throwing her virtue at him?

How could she even think of it at a time like this? She was a good girl, a good girl! Maybe she should repeat that to herself over and over again.

Christian, not knowing her inner monologue, put his hand on her back and led her to the large sitting room where there was a fireplace.

"We are going to play cards," he said, feigning excitement.

She lifted an eyebrow. "Cards?" He couldn't be serious.

He nodded his head and shrugged.

"Do you think it's, uh-" She turned away, so he couldn't see her slowly reddening face "Do you think it's smart to-"

"C'mon, Kessen. Spit it out," he urged, approaching her.

"Be alone?" she said in a tiny voice.

Christian pulled her hat off gingerly and smoothed her hair. "You aren't afraid ... are you, America?"

The fight hadn't left her; she snatched her hat out of his hands, put it on her head and challenged, "Afraid? Of you? Please. Nothing about British people scares me."

Christian raised an eyebrow. "You are going to explain that, aren't you?"

Kessen shrugged. "You can't even curse without sounding polite."

He laughed.

"I mean it!" she said loudly. "Whenever I hear my own father curse-which is rare, by the way-I have to cough to cover my laughter!"

"Damn," he said, obviously testing the waters.

She laughed; she couldn't help it.

He ventured another one, challenging her resolve.

And then she lost it. It didn't even sound like a dirty word! It sounded like ... well, she didn't know, but it wasn't something that sounded bad.

Chapter Ten

Was she mad? Who insulted a man like that? And who provoked a man to find as many dirty words as he could, just so he could keep her from laughing or make her blush? It was the most bizarre conversation he had ever experienced. He also loved every second of it.

"Fornication?" he tried, lifting an eyebrow in her direction.

"Better," she agreed. "But still, it's just so ... British."

"By all means, show me how an American curses then." He lifted his arm in a gesture as if to say, "After you."

"Oh, I don't curse."

Christian laughed. "Never?"

"No, I don't think I've even slipped before."

"I think you're lying. It's impossible a girl like you has never used a curse word. I won't believe it."

She threw her arms in the air. "It's true. I swear."

"So, you do swear then?" he teased triumphantly.

"I dislike you."

"Don't be cruel; it's not polite." He knocked her hat off her head once more.

She clenched her hands into tiny fists and glowered at him viciously. "Would you stop doing that?"

"If you want me to stop, then you shouldn't keep putting it back on."

She thought about it, and then mumbled, "Point taken."

"I knew we'd see eye to eye one day."

She threw the hat in his direction. "When Hell freezes over."

"And I rest my case." He folded his arms and sighed. "You're just too easy."

"That's what she said," Kessen teased, then put her hands over her mouth, and bit her lip.

He roared with laughter. "Oh,Kessen! We have a brilliant day ahead of us."

She moaned, and with great reluctance grabbed her hat from the floor and tossed it onto the couch. Her hair was already a lost cause anyway.

"Is it truly real?"

"I can't believe I'm having this conversation with you ... again." Kessen rolled her eyes.

"What? I'm merely curious. It is beautiful, you know." Christian had moved in front of her and was fingering her hair as if it was the most delicate thing on the planet. "It's so soft," he murmured, lifting it to his lips.

They heard a knock on the door, and the spell was broken. Faster than lightning they separated as a man in a dark suit strode in and nodded. "Everything to your exact specifications, my lord; we will return for you after dark."

"I feel like a small child who was just dropped off at the movies by her mom via the minivan," Kessen lamented, looking directly at Christian.

He shook the man's hand and closed the door. "I don't believe I've ever had a conversation with you which wasn't cut with sarcasm."

Obviously he wasn't used to her American humor. Pity. "I would like to point out," she insisted, "you aren't the best at being serious yourself."

"I can be serious," he argued.

"No, I don't believe you can. I think you wish you could, but it's like the cursing. You think you can do something, but you just can't."

"Nemo."

"Why are you calling me Nemo?" Kessen asked.

"How do you not know the line in that movie? The Disney movie? Finding Nemo?"

Kessen played dumb.

"The movie with the little fish and the tiny fin? And it's swimming around?" Christian proceeds to bend his elbow as if he has no hand and starts flailing his hand as if he's swimming. It was the most priceless thing she'd seen in years ... until he started to sing the song. "Just keep swimming, just keep swimming..."

Somehow she managed to maintain her composure and shook her head again, confused. Seriously, how dumb was he? Everyone knows about Finding Nemo!

He fell for it. "Oh, come on, Kessen! And the dad, Marlin, says something about how Nemo thinks he can do things, but he just can't." He then proceeds, in a good American accent she decided, to quote the movie. "'You think you can do these things, but you just can't, Nemo!'"

His arms were now in the air; gone was the gimpy fin.

Unable to hold it back a second longer, Kessen laughed as the tears streamed down her cheeks.

Christian scowled and threw a pillow from the sofa at her face. "I can't believe you let me go on for that long."

Still laughing, Kessen said, "I can't believe you actually fell for it!"

"Call it a weak moment," he muttered, cursing under his breath.

"Now that one wasn't half bad," she complimented, patting him on the back. "And your American accent wasn't too shabby either, by the way.

He pushed her hand off. "I find you a trifle irritating."

"Oh, merely a trifle?" She mocked his accent. "So, we're in agreement then?"

Christian shrugged. "We're relative strangers. We have to get married, and we're stuck ... alone in my cottage. Yes, I would say we are in agreement."

He held out his hand, and she shook it. However, it was obvious to Kessen that neither of them was in their right minds. And the last time they touched, something caused them to start kissing, and that something was stirring again within each of them, and their hands tingled in response.

Chapter Eleven

Christian made the horrendous mistake of glancing up while shaking Kessen's hand. The attraction between them was a straight-up tie between lust and ... well, he guessed it was intrigue. Whatever it was, he wasn't just satisfied with shaking her hand anymore.

With one swift movement, he had her pressed against the nearest wall. Claiming her mouth in the process. Her hands were on his chest to push him away, her lips opened to yell something-probably stop-but instead he used the opportunity to deepen the kiss.

She let out a feminine moan.

And he was done for.

Then she wrapped her arms around his neck.

And he wanted to cry, just a little bit.

Her mouth was perfect. She tasted like minty cherries, which in his head sounded almost romantic. Bravery caused his own tongue to part into her mouth; her response was electric, as he nibbled her lips and traced more kisses down her neckline.

He was having trouble breathing. Heck, he was having trouble thinking. All he knew was no matter how much he touched her, it never seemed enough. He was always found wanting, and right now he knew exactly what he wanted.

Kessen.

She pushed him away with a drugged look on her face, which was the biggest mistake of all, because at this close proximity, her swollen lips, piercing eyes, and perfect complexion were even more tempting. It was then he realized he would rather have this woman hate him for the rest of his life than have her kiss anyone else with as much passion as she kissed him.

Christian was acting insane. He knew it; she probably knew it, but sometimes a body has a mind of its own, and his body was doing some hard thinking.

Panic welled in his chest as he saw hesitation in her eyes so before she could have a chance to say anything, he kissed her again.

The way they kissed was nothing short of legendary. As if every kiss he'd ever shared had been nothing but practice up to this point. She would give a little, and he would take; then he would give a little, and she would take.

He had always prided himself in being a well-controlled person when it came to physical affection, which was why he was so surprised he had again stolen the opportunity and lifted her up in his embrace, allowing her legs to wrap seductively around him.

"Kessen," he said in her hair as he kissed down her neck. "Oh my-"

She pushed away quickly-and almost dropped to the floor, except he still had part of her arms.

They stared at each other for a few minutes. Not uncomfortably, more curiously. The heat radiating from their bodies was making him start to sweat-either that or the look she was giving him was. He couldn't tell. It had been a long time since he had actually "made out" with a girl, rather than skipping ahead a few steps. He had forgotten how great it could be, or maybe it was just Kessen.

She took a deep breath. He had to close his eyes. She was too delicious to look at. He wanted to devour her, which made him sound like something straight out of the blasted Twilight books, making him moan even deeper.

He opened his eyes, hoping she would look different now that the fog of lust had lifted. Instead she looked better.

"Bloody Hell," he said under his breath.

And then Kessen laughed.

"That..." she said, still breathlessly, "was a good curse."

"Apparently, I just needed something to be upset about," he admitted, looking away.

"Upset we nearly lit the house on fire with our kissing?" she teased, patting him on the head. She was so patronizing; forget kissing. He wanted to trip her.

"No, upset we stopped." He turned around to challenge her, but she was already walking towards the kitchen.

"I'm hungry," he heard her say.

"Well, there's always flour," he muttered, following her in.

****

Kessen was surprised she could walk straight, let alone remember her name.

He kissed her like he was going off to war.

And she kissed him back like it was true.

She had barely kept her composure in that living room; if he wouldn't have said anything, well, she shuddered at what could have happened.

She was not that type of girl-she didn't do things with guys, especially fiercely attractive British ones with titles in front of their names. It had to be that. Some part of her wanted to be in that book. It was his stupid last name. She moaned as she heard his steps behind her. They needed distance, and they sure as heck needed to stop all the kissing.

It was unnervingly distracting.

Yet every time they touched, it was as if nothing mattered anymore, which again made her feel like she was part of a cheesy romance novel. She hit her head against the wall just as Christian walked in.

"Perfect timing." He passed her and slapped her on the butt.

"How dare you!" She lunged for him, but he already blocked her with his arm and put her into a chokehold. She tried to reach for sharp objects, and he laughed.

"Come on, Kessen. How dumb do I look? I had them remove all weapons before we came."

"Stupid British piece of-" She was still yelling when he released her.

Her stumble made him laugh until she crossed her arms and sent him the iciest glance she had in her repertoire. He straightened and forced a smile. "What is it, America?"

"This has to stop!"

"What has to stop?" He turned around and rummaged through the cupboards.

"This." She pointed at him then back at herself.

"Talking? You want us to stop conversing?"

Kessen groaned. "No, Christian. I want us to stop kissing. What is wrong with you?"

Apparently he didn't care for that accusation, because as soon as the words were out of her mouth, he was in front of her, seething. "What's wrong with me? What about you? You're responding!"

She took a few deep breaths, and then let out a little sigh; he was inches from her face. Christian looked at her lips, then at her eyes, then her lips again as his forehead rested gently against hers.

"Okay," he said huskily. "I may regret phrasing it like this, but you are right."

Her humor had left her, just like her memory and good sense. She could only nod and continue to stare at his gorgeously shaped lips.

Christian cleared his throat. "Um, are you still hungry?"

"Hm, yes," she teased.

Ignoring her sarcasm, he went back to the cupboard and hunted. "We have nut spread, some wine, crackers, and I think there is some cheese in the cooler."

Kessen's eyes lit up. "Cooler?"

"You know, where you store all the things to-"

"Keep cool?" Kessen interrupted tilting her head to the side, as mocking as she could possibly be.

"Push off."

"Okay, Harry, whatever you say."

His expression turned complex. "Why did you call me Harry?"

Should she strike his pride again? Yes. Yes, she should. "Because you just sounded like Harry Potter."

A muscle twitched in his jaw. "Perfect."

"I always did like that movie."

"I hope you mean that in an un-creepy way, such as you enjoy the special effects, but don't have a crush on Harry Potter himself."

She sighed. "Well, he does have those glasses."

"Unbelievable," he muttered, then pulled out the contents of the pantry. "Now that I'm ignoring your baited sarcasm, I'll have you know I actually do have more than just cards planned for us. And because of our recent agreement, I've decided it's best for us to proceed outside, where it's raining, and your body will be bundled up rather than ... that." His voice cracked a bit as he pointed at her.

Pride welled in her belly; it wasn't every day a future duke had to fight to keep his hands off her. It's also not every day she wanted to also return the favor. She straightened and grabbed the basket while he stacked food inside.

"So can we go for a walk?"

He nodded and off they went. He was a man of few words when he wanted to be, which was irritatingly annoying. She hated silence. Silence was of the devil. What she wanted was good conversation, good food, and his lips, but that was out of the question.

The rest of the afternoon was spent with each of them awkwardly avoiding any sort of bodily contact. It would have been funny had it been her watching it or reading it, but not while living it. Living it was complete torture. The anticipation or anxiety was nearly killing her. By the time the car came back to pick them up she was exhausted.

Consequently, they had succeeded in getting to know more about one another. Favorite foods, colors, sports, et cetera. Why did the man have to be so interesting? Every time he talked, his eyes lit up. She wanted his eyes to light up when he talked about her.

The thought was humbling. She'd never vied for any man's affection until now, and he was in all respects her soon-to-be husband. How humiliating.

If Nick and Sammy found out, which they probably already had, considering they didn't live under rocks, they were going to come unglued.

Nick would tease her mercilessly, while Sammy shook her head apologetically. It would be awful.

No paparazzi were waiting at her grandmother's house. She grabbed her purse and clothes, which had made their way back into her clutch, and ran inside.

By the time she reached her room on the second level of the house, she was wiped out. Her clothes were soaked from the earlier rain. Mascara was running freely down her face, and her hair was matted to the top of her head, thanks to Christian insisting she remove her hat.

"He didn't have to be so forceful about it," she grumbled, picking at her hair. It would take an entire bottle of conditioner to get the tangles out. The tangles he put there. It wouldn't have been a problem had he been able to keep his hands to himself.

Why couldn't she shake the obvious attraction she felt for him?

It was bordering on dangerous, exciting and saddening her at the same time, because it was just one more thing pulling her towards London and away from her mother's memory.

Kessen shook her head; if she tried hard, she might convince herself it was merely a high school crush, a flirtation, but when she remembered his hands on her body, all she could do was shiver, and the room temperature was anything but chilly.

Then again, he could be playing her for a fool. He obviously had lots of girls he could choose from, and no matter what he said, she wouldn't believe he hadn't jumped on the opportunity to date hundreds of women, regardless of his inability to commit. Just how many women had he dated? Not that she wanted to ask him, because naturally he would assume she cared, which she didn't ... or so she told herself.

Too tired to shower, she collapsed onto her bed. Confusion made it impossible to do anything except over-analyze every single thing which had happened that day.

She was marrying a future duke. One of the most powerful men in England. She shook her head to clear the fuzz that had descended on her brain. If he weren't such a good kisser, it wouldn't be an issue. She didn't ask for this; she didn't ask to fall for the first British guy who stole a kiss.

Since it was forced on her, she could only gather it would be a marriage of convenience. The only problem was that her blinding attraction to him made it nearly impossible for her to reconcile to that fact. All she could think about was how big and warm his hands were.

This was not going to work.

She let out a moan and closed her eyes.

Chapter Twelve

Christian felt like he had just been run over by a train repeatedly, and it had nothing to do with alcohol sickness. Actually, he would welcome any sort of liquor which would push thoughts of Kessen from the forefront of his mind.

Alas, that was not going to happen. His fingers still burned where he'd touched her skin. And her hair-oh, for the love of all that was holy and good-her hair was like sunshine and incredibly silky and soft. In all actuality, he could very happily just marry that beautiful head of hair and be done with it.

What was he thinking? Marry her hair? Who thought things like that?

His sanity was slowly declining ever since their first meeting; he hated to think about what would happen once they were married, and he could take ... certain liberties. Certain liberties? His thoughts were nearing impure, when he heard a knock on his door.

"Come in," he said gruffly. It was late and he needed sleep. The last thing he wanted to do was think about certain liberties with Kessen before dozing off. No doubt she would torture him in his dreams as well.

He was just beginning to bang his head against the wall when he heard a male chuckle behind him.

"Ah, Duncan, how good of you to come by and see how I am faring."

"You're a bloody mess." Duncan eyed Christian's wet clothing and disheveled look. He also wisely covered up his laugh with a cough. "Is, uh, everything well?"

Christian contemplated throwing a shoe at his head. If anything, it would erase that smug grin from his face. "Fine," he said, teeth grinding.

"Ah ... how was the cottage?"

Christian refused to make eye contact but felt his face growing hot. "It was perfectly fine. Why do you ask?" Even he was impressed by the evenness of his voice.

"You don't seem to be in such a good mood. Perhaps I should return in the morning, when I'm not worried you'll strike me with a blunt object, eh?"

"Out with it." Christian groaned, half wanting to hear what he had to say, the other half wanting to find the suggested blunt object and throw it.

Duncan seemed hesitant, and then pulled out a manila envelope from his coat.

"Why do I feel like we're doing some sort of drug deal?" Christian muttered.

"Careful what you wish for. I'm sure you'd rather it be drugs."

"That can't be good," Christian said.

"I didn't say it was bad."

"What is it, then?"

Duncan cleared his throat and handed him the envelope. "Somehow we messed up on the security in the cottage; these were taken when you two arrived."

Christian felt his face growing hot as he opened up the envelope. Picture after picture fluttered to the floor of him and Kessen kissing, embracing, fighting. It was like something out of the movies. Something very, very bad. She was going to be livid.

"Who has access to these?" Christian's eyes darted to Duncan's.

Duncan licked his lips before answering. "Everyone."

"How?" Christian growled.

"Christian, what do you expect? We live in a technologically savvy world. Someone took the pictures, or hid a camera, and the pictures were leaked online." He ran his fingers through his hair. "This made page six in New York. Page six! Have you any idea what kind of press that is?"

"Duncan, I don't care what kind of press it is! It's our lives, our private lives, and this makes Kessen ... well, it makes her look like-"

"An American sl-"

"Don't you dare finish that sentence," Christian warned.

"Well, it's what our papers are saying."

Christian sighed; it wasn't fair her name was being dragged through the mud, especially because it was mainly his lack of self-control which got them into this position in the first place. "I thought everyone loved her."

Duncan shrugged. "She's still American."

"What is that supposed to mean?" Christian snapped.

"You know as well as I do how people feel about foreigners marrying into our aristocratic circles. They may love her because she's famous, but they don't have to like the fact the most eligible bachelor of the century is marrying someone who has been living in the mountains of Colorado all her life."

"She's a blue blood!" he yelled.

Duncan took a step back, putting his hands up in surrender. "Half blue blood. Her mother was American. What's wrong with you, Christian? You know I like her, all right? I think she's perfect for you. I'm just trying to get you to understand what the people are thinking. It's the best press we've had in years for Newberry and Co., and honestly, it's better for your family name that you're caught up in this whirlwind romance. People are sick of the Vandenbrooks ripping hearts out of every blue-blooded family in this hemisphere. But you should also know it's not going to be an easy road. These pictures have gone worldwide."

"Obviously," he muttered, putting his hands over his head. He felt a headache coming on. He needed to see Kessen ... to warn her. "Have you talked with her grandmother or Kessen herself?"

"I was going to leave it to you," Duncan said dryly.

Christian looked up to the ceiling. "Of course you were. Right. Well, I'll figure it out in the morning. Call their butler and make sure he doesn't show any of the morning papers to the family until I arrive."

Duncan pulled out a recorder and pressed play. "Do you have a statement for the press, Lord Vandenbrook?"

Christian closed his eyes. "I'm appalled at the lack of privacy the press has given Miss Newberry and myself. In the future, if there are any questions about our relationship, we will be happy to sit down to an interview or a press conference when the CEO and founder of Newberry and Company arrives in London. Until then, please continue to respect our privacy, as we are in the critical part of our wedding planning. Thank you."

Duncan pressed stop and smiled. "Very politically correct."

"Out!" Christian snapped, pointing at the door.

Duncan laughed and sauntered out. "Do you mind if I keep the pictures?" he yelled.

"Burn them. And don't you dare look at them or show them to anyone else."

Duncan was still laughing as he went down the hall. "Nice moves, by the way."

Christian threw a shoe, heard Duncan swear, and smiled to himself. At least he had two things to be thankful for before going to bed.

Kessen's kisses and a large bruise on Duncan's head.

Chapter Thirteen

Kessen felt like she was being rained on. Why? She had no idea. In fact, she was relatively certain she was merely dreaming of the rain, until her face suddenly felt rather wet. She opened her blurry eyes and froze. Christian was standing over her with a cup of water.

She groaned and turned to her side. "What. Are. You. Doing?"

"Waking you up, sleepy head. It's practice for when we're married. I am an early riser, you know, and I think-"

Kessen reached across the bed and clapped her hand over his mouth, forgetting about their no-touch rule. She didn't have the heart to remove her hand. Instead she kept it there, memorizing the way his skin felt under hers. "Stop talking," she finally ground out, although it sounded breathless. Perfect. Now he'll think I'm a wanton woman in the morning.

"I have the shower ready for you," he said awkwardly.

She was out of bed in a flash, glaring at him.

"Calm down. I'm not joining you. What kind of man do you think I am, anyway?"

"A normal one," she muttered under her breath.

He was trying hard not to smile. "Kessen, trust me. My concern is only for your desperate need for a shower. Because honestly, you'd want to stab me if you knew I was seeing you like this."

She gasped, moaned, then sat up on her bed and put her head in her hands. She hadn't showered last night-her hair. She reached up and touched a knot on the top of her head. Perfect. She sighed before turning her red face to his perfectly shaved one. "Wait here, I'll be back after I'm done getting the kinks out of my hair, which might take a few hours."

"I'll wait." He pulled out the newspaper and began reading.

****

Kessen tried to hurry through the shower, but her hair was not having it. She finally doused it with leave-in conditioner and ran her fingers through the long locks. It took a ridiculous amount of time to brush her teeth and shave her legs-because, well, you never knew.

She donned her boy shorts and long-sleeve Henley before returning to her room.

"You do have fantastic legs," Christian said from behind the newspaper.

She felt a blush coming on.

"I do hope you're blushing right now," he said, still not putting the newspaper down.

Kessen closed her eyes to regain her composure. "So, you're here at an ungodly hour, which means you have something to discuss with me. What's going on?"

Christian put the newspaper down and grimaced. This couldn't be good. Was he breaking up with her? Did something happen? He put his head in his hands and sighed.

"Christian? What is it? Are you okay?" She knelt in front of him with her hands on his. Again the no-touching rule was getting harder and harder to follow. She jerked her hands back quickly, but not before sharing a smoldering glance with him.

"There are pictures," he whispered.

"From the ball, you mean?"

He pressed his lips together and shook his head.

"From the other day when we went walking?"

He shook his head again.

"Then from what?"

He closed his eyes and bit his lip. Kessen's brain was going a hundred miles an hour. What could they have possibly gotten pictures of? The only time they were doing anything remotely scandalous was when they were in the cottage. Oh no!

"Th-the cottage?" she stuttered.

He nodded.

She sank to the floor and hugged her knees. "How bad?"

He joined her on the floor and pulled her to his side before saying, "Bad."

"How bad is your version of bad? Because my version has us going to the place of no return."

"It's not that bad," he answered, still pulling her to his side. Obviously, the no-touch rule wasn't in effect anymore.

"Is it in the newspaper?" she asked, reaching for it. He slapped her hand away.

"Kessen, do you trust me to take care of this in the best way possible?"

She nodded numbly.

"The pictures ... well, they make both of us look bad. Unfortunately, because you're so new."

"They make me look like a sl-"

"Do not finish that sentence," he growled.

She nodded but knew he was thinking the same thing.

He kissed the top of her head. "We made page six."

"Please tell me you mean page six in London."

"Afraid not," he said.

"Drat."

Christian laughed and pulled her closer. It felt good to be protected, and it wasn't as if there were any cameras in her bedroom. It didn't hurt that the hug made her feel loved and cherished; her mom had given the best hugs.

"I think we should move the wedding forward," he said, shattering her thoughts.

"What?" Panic rose in her throat. So this was what it felt like to have a nervous breakdown. Swell. Jumping to her feet, she began pacing the room.

"Kessen, Kessen, look at me." He was steadying her, but she suddenly felt dizzy. "Sit down. It's fine. Everything will be alright."

She kissed him.

Call it getting lost in the moment, call it temporary insanity, but in that moment when he was comforting her, and she felt the blackness cave in around her eyes, she knew what she wanted. She should blame it on her more basic instincts taking over. Her mind had already gone when she heard him say wedding and forward; now her body apparently needed confirmation.

Christian's body, however, needed something entirely different. Before she knew what was happening, she was on her back with Christian pinning her down. He was so warm and inviting. She wrapped her hands around his head and pulled his lips down to hers.

He moaned her name, making her deepen the kiss. She shouldn't be blamed for her actions. After all, she hadn't even had breakfast yet, or coffee or anything. So obviously, she wasn't in her right mind. It wasn't her fault. At least that's what she kept telling herself as Christian's tongue feathered along her lips and jaw until she thought she would go insane.

A knock in the distance jolted both of them from the floor. She'd never seen a man move so fast. It would have been impressive had he not hit her in the process, sending her sailing back to the floor

"Kessen! Oh! I'm terribly sorry!! Are you hurt?" He was kneeling next to her as the door flung open.

"What is this?"

They both outwardly winced as her grandmother held out the newspaper with an incriminating picture of the two of them on the front. Unfortunately, it was one of the pictures that had Kessen looking like the worst type of woman and Christian looking like the new James Bond. Perfect.

Grandmother looked as if she was choking on something.

Kessen suddenly flashed back to the funeral, when she had gotten her heel caught in one of the heating vents in the floor. She took a topple onto the casket and sent all the flowers on top flying. It was mortifying. It had been her first time wearing heels, so nobody could blame her-and Grandmother had that same look on her face now. Kessen didn't like how it made her stomach clench. If there was one warning her father had given her, it was to never upset her grandmother.

Whoops.

"How dare you skip the honeymoon and go straight to the main course! My own granddaughter! My flesh and blood, seducing the Marquess!"

Kessen's mouth dropped open; Christian was shaking with laughter next to her.

"It's not funny," she snapped, hitting him on the head. He kept laughing. Apparently she wasn't as strong as she would have liked, or his head was thicker than she had first assumed.

"Grandmother, you're mistaken. Christian lured me into the cottage and took advantage of me!"

Christian stopped laughing.

Grandmother looked at Christian, absolutely appalled. "You mauled my granddaughter!"

Kessen smiled triumphantly and stuck out her tongue before turning to her grandmother, faking tears the entire time. "It was awful! And I've never even kissed a boy until now, Grandmother. And I wanted it to be special, and he, he..." She stuttered and put her head on her grandmother's shoulder, while Christian mumbled how it had to be the overstatement of the century.

****

"I did nothing of the sort and you know it, Lady Newberry." He kept his voice calm, which was a shock, considering he frantically searched for sharp objects to throw in Kessen's direction. "And I highly doubt that was her first kiss." He added emphasis to the word first, hoping Lady Newberry would get the picture.

She didn't.

The next thing he knew, she was standing in front of him pointing a tiny finger in his face. "How dare you accuse my granddaughter of being the type to run around kissing strangers? She is nothing of the sort! She's only dated two men in her entire life. Two men!" Spit came flying out of her mouth on the word two.

Christian was flabbergasted. Two men? Only two? In all her years being alive? She was positively the purest form of woman he would ever come across. He leaned around Lady Newberry and lifted a questioning eyebrow in Kessen's direction.

She was bright red.

Of course, he would be too if one of his family members had announced to the world he had only dated two women, especially considering he was pushing thirty.

"And that isn't even the worst of it!" Lady Newberry was still raving.

"Grandmother, he doesn't need to hear this. Maybe I exaggerated a bit. No, really, Grandmother-"

Kessen was frantically trying to pry Lady Newberry from Christian's person, but he was finding this whole exchange rather intriguing. "Please continue, Lady Newberry. This is incredibly interesting."

"We signed her up for this dating website-what is it called? Eharny? No, that can't be it. Doesn't matter. Her father and I thought we could help in that department, but you know what she did?"

"Pray, tell me."

Without blinking, Lady Newberry went on. "She went out and bought another one of those blasted romance novels about your family!"

"My family?" Christian paused. "Why is that so bad?"

"My dear, she needs a real man."

"I'm up for the challenge." He grinned wolfishly towards Kessen but only received an eye roll in return.

"You-" Lady Newberry was poking him in the chest, "are too handsome for your own good. If I were your mother, I would send you to bed without supper!"

"Can Kessen come, too?" he asked, knowing he would probably be slapped any minute.

Kessen stormed across the room to his side and lifted her hand to strike him. Her grandmother, whose strength she had seriously underestimated until now, caught the hand mid-air and glared at the two of them.

"You shall marry."

They both stared blankly at the crazed woman's face.

"You shall marry," she said, dropping Kessen's hand triumphantly. "And because you've both caused enough scandal to keep people talking for years, you will marry soon."

Kessen stiffened next to him; he felt the need to put his arm around her but didn't want to get punched again.

Lady Newberry walked to the door. "Next week. You shall marry next week."

The door slammed behind her, leaving them alone again, staring at one another interminably until Kessen broke the silence with a scream which could have awakened the dead.

"Next week!"

"By all means, please scream louder. I don't think your dad heard you in Colorado!" he shouted.

"Oh my, oh my..." Kessen was repeating herself, over and over again. Frankly it was driving Christian crazy.

"Get hold of yourself!" he pleaded.

She kept repeating.

So he threw a pillow at her face.

Unfortunately for him, his aim was off and it merely skimmed her cheek.

A crazed look materialized on her face. He backed up in what he would later admit to being fear.

She had a pillow in each hand and anger in her eyes. Note to self, he thought as she charged him like a bull. Never upset a Newberry.

Then he was on his back, getting fluffed to death by goose down pillows, which honestly, wasn't half bad since Kessen was straddling him with her legs.

He was never guilty of having a pure thought in Kessen's presence. A shame really. He needed to go to church and confess his many sins. All of which he would happily engage in if Kessen were so inclined.

She jumped off of him and stomped toward the door.

"A week! Do you realize how many days are in a week?"

He opened his mouth to answer.

"Seven!" she yelled. "Seven days to plan a wedding and get to know you. I don't even know you! I'm marrying a man I don't even know. Never mind that I practically molest you with my eyes every time we're in the same room-"

Abruptly, she stopped talking and turned beet red.

"Please tell me I didn't say that last part out loud, because it was meant to be a thought."

He used every ounce of self-control he possessed to keep his voice from cracking in laughter. "I'll ignore it, if you want me to."

She turned toward him and sighed. "It's fine. I mean, at least you know how I feel. And I think it's safe to say everyone knows how you feel ... seriously, you have issues. You can't go around just kissing people and pouncing on them and-"

"I'm sorry. Are you complaining?" he asked as he neared her. "Because I don't recall any complaints at the time."

"I was busy."

"Yes, you were." His gaze burned into hers as he reached out to touch her skin. He regretted it immediately. It was as if he was trying to brand her as his with his touch. It nearly made him fall to his knees, and he wasn't the type of man to swoon at the touch of a woman. But this woman? She could probably make him do anything.

"I have an idea," he said, still caressing her cheek.

She looked out the window and exhaled. "What's your brilliant plan?"

"I'm touched by your assessment of my intelligence," he said, almost feeling her eyes roll in disgust. "I think we should spend some time getting to know each other. Somewhere away from everyone-and not in that blasted cottage."

"What a day for language." She lifted her eyebrows and took a deep breath. "So what do you propose?"

He smiled wickedly. "A little trip."

"To?"

Christian leaned closer. "A trip to my country home."

Kessen's eyes widened, but she said nothing.

"Your obvious interest in my country home forces me to admit it has been the actual setting for every single one of those books you're so fond of. In fact, rumor has it the author in question used to stay there to write about my family."

Kessen looked like she was choking on something, so he stopped talking. She regained her composure and continued to stare. What a terrible actress she was. It was impossible for her to hide her excitement. Christian felt a momentary ache of tenderness for this woman. What was wrong with him? Tenderness and lust shouldn't go together, but here he was, being proved wrong yet again by his own feelings.

She was adorable.

Granted, she fought dirty. But when she wanted to, she could melt anyone, including him. He needed a cold shower.

"What do you say?" he asked.

Her voice came out in barely a whisper. "Does this mean we will be married there?"

He couldn't have planned it more perfectly if he tried. In the last book of the series, the author had left an epilogue about a garden wedding which took place between the late duke and the servant girl who turned out to be more than just a servant girl.

It had girls all over London swooning for months.

Duncan even admitted to reading it, and he forced Christian to read it as well, which made him positively ill that women would expect such things from him.

Except in this moment, he wanted to give her that. Why? He didn't know. All he knew was, if she wanted to live out the events of that storybook, he was going to make it happen. Even if it killed him, which it probably would. This was Kessen he was dealing with, not some servant girl.

"Of course we'll be married there. It will be perfect, don't you think? The chapel on our grounds is small, but we can make it work." He nudged her a little, and she sighed. Yes, she actually sighed. It wasn't an "I hate you and want to kill you" sigh, either. It was a "I'm a girl and hopelessly in love with a character in a book who doesn't exist" sigh.

Her face lit up like the sun as she turned to him. "Lets do it!"

"Perfect." He kissed her hand. "We shall leave as soon as possible."

Her eyes sparkled. She nodded silently as he left the room. Even one moment longer looking into her vulnerable and perfect eyes and he would not have been responsible for what would happen next, which would have been enough to send her grandmother to an early grave. He was sure of it.

Chapter Fourteen

It was crazy. Kessen was actually living out the story she'd been obsessing over for the past month.

But it wasn't real. And the future duke truly was as dangerous as people said. One minute he was as sweet as homemade cookies-the next minute she felt the need to guard her virtue with a knife. Men.

It only took her an hour to pack her belongings and explain to Grandmother she was going to spend some time with Christian at his summer home. She called home to explain to her father what was going on, but was met with nothing but pure joy from the other end of the telephone.

In fact, several times he had to excuse himself, because he said he was catching a cold and needed to blow his nose. After the seventh time, he admitted he was in fact crying tears of joy.

It made Kessen wonder if he had believed she was going to be single the rest of her life. It's not as if she owned an obscene number of cats, or any woodland creature for that matter.

"Dad," she said, after he had returned from blowing his nose again. "It's just a wedding. It's not a big deal. More of a business transaction."

He replied by grunting and saying if he conducted business transactions the way she did, he would be in prison-which led her to believe he had seen page six.

The conversation ended with him promising to attend the wedding if she vowed to try as hard as she could not to kill Christian before then. Not because he was afraid for Christian's welfare-no, he just didn't want the stocks to drop. Stocks were the highest they had ever been, to her everlasting shame.

After hanging up with her dad and making herself look more presentable, she dialed Nick's number. It went straight to voicemail.

She dialed Sammy's number and hers did the same.

What was wrong with her friends? Where were they during her time of need? She dialed Nick again.

"Hi you've reached Nick .You know what to do-and if this is Kessen, I saw page six. You get yours, honey."BEEP.

"Nick, it's Kessen. Take that blasted message off of your voicemail! And yes, I did say blast. And no, it's not because I'm trying to prove a point. It's because I'm in England, and they have no idea how to use swear words here, so I'm stuck with blast and drat, none of which I ever thought to use in my vocabulary until page six. In other news, if you don't call me back within the next twenty-four hours, I can't be held responsible for my actions. But it will involve a machete and paintball gun. Use your imagination."

Kessen threw her phone onto the bed and groaned aloud, another thing she'd been doing a lot of, especially when her grandmother let her know there would be a party held at the country home in her honor. How perfect. A ball. Wasn't she leaving London so she wouldn't have to attend any more balls?

She heard a knock on her door and muttered for the person to enter.

Naturally it was Christian, in all his glory. Did the guy ever wear the same thing twice? His tight sweater left nothing to the imagination as it hugged the planes of his abs and chest. He smelled like he just stepped out of a magazine. If he wasn't already an English lord, he would make an incredible model.

This time his hair was covered with a fedora. It was as if he was channeling Neil Caffry himself. Not that she thought he would even know what show she was referencing, considering it was on the USA network-something she was convinced all of England most likely censored because of its title. Figures.

"You ready?" he asked in a smooth and perfect voice.

"Uh..."She stuttered, sounding every inch the American she fully was. "Sure, yeah. Let's go." That was better; at least her voice wasn't shaking anymore. For crying out loud, it was Christian. Christian! Her future husband. If she couldn't be in the same room with him without becoming tongue tied, what hope was there for their future? Then again, he could always simply fill those silences with kissing.

Her face reddened.

"Penny for your thoughts?" Christian tilted his head in her direction. It made his face seem angelic. Almost.

"Worse timing ever," she muttered, shaking away the thoughts of him kissing her.

"Maybe you'll show me later, then?" He pressed closer to her, closing the much-needed distance between the two of them.

"I don't remember canceling our no-touching rule."

He laughed. "I believe that rule was rendered moot the moment you started kissing me in your room this morning."

"I plead temporary insanity."

He smirked. "Care to plead it again?"

His breath was hot on her face. Must escape before bad choices are made!

As if reading her mind, he backed off and took her bag. "Later. You shall be mine later, Kessen. I'll wait a week, and then all bets are off."

She wanted to offer a snappy retort, but nothing came to mind. Nothing except for the self-indulgent thought that he in fact wanted her so badly, he could barely think straight. But no, that would be conceited ... and impossible. He was a marquess. She needed to remind herself of his title-if anything, it kept her sane. He did this all the time; he was a womanizer. He was a Vandenbrook.

He helped her into the car and started driving. She decided to break the silence with questions. "Let's play a game."

He rolled his eyes. "Kessen, I'm actually tired. Exhausted from the preparations for leaving today. I don't have energy for games."

"You're grumpy. Did you eat?"

He appeared to be thinking about it. "No, actually I haven't."

"Great! Let's stop for something. I forgot to eat too."

"We don't live in the land of fast food, Kessen," he snapped.

"Wow. You really do need carbohydrates and sugar. Seriously. You're dangerous when you're grumpy. What are you? Hypoglycemic?"

She was shaking her head when she heard him clear his throat. "Oh no! You are! I'm so sorry! We must stop then; you need food."

"Fine," he grumbled.

She could tell he wasn't one who liked being taken care of.

****

Christian hated that he liked being taken care of. What was wrong with him? He was a grown man but still went to stay with his mother when he was sick, thinking she was the only person who could bring him back into the land of the living.

Kessen had that same nurturing side to her. It was odd how he hadn't noticed it before. She probably rescued stray cats and dogs and...

"Kessen?"

"What?" She was looking curiously out the window.

"Do you rescue animals?"

"Don't believe anything you hear! It was one time. One time! And the puppy was nearly dead. What did you want me to do, Christian? Just let it die? And then the vet had the audacity to tell me nobody would want such an ugly dog! And honestly, I just couldn't do it. I couldn't! So, I put an ad in the paper and a nice kid in a wheelchair took the puppy, because he felt like they had something in common, what with the dog not having any legs and all. What?"

Christian knew he had the deer-in-headlights look going for him. Sometimes he wondered why he even asked her questions? One minute she was silent as the grave, the next he would do anything in his power to get her to shut up, but she was so endearing all he could do was smile.

"What was his name?"

She looked confused. "The boy?"

He laughed. "No, the dog."

"Oh. I named him Dog."

He coughed, hiding his laughter. "How original of you."

She glared. "I'll have you know it was a perfect name. He didn't feel like a real dog, because he didn't have legs. I was helping him with his identity crisis." She crossed her arms triumphantly, leaving Christian struggling between staring at her dumbfounded and staying between the correct lines on the road.

"So, you haven't made a habit of rescuing, then?"

"No, only that one time. My dad doesn't appreciate pets. He gave me a rock once."

"A rock? As in a rock from someone's yard, or a cool rock?" He couldn't help but ask. The girl was so appealing, it scared him.

"I can't keep things alive. Not even plants. So my dad decided if we ever got a pet, he would end up taking care of it. Like I said, he doesn't like pets, so he gave me a rock. He even painted a face on it. We named it Kevin."

Christian was careful to keep the sarcasm out of his voice. "You named your pet rock Kevin?"

She nodded, clearly not getting how odd the whole conversation had become.

"Where is Kevin?"

She giggled. His heart melted a little bit more, then he swerved. After he decided he should keep his eyes on the road as he should have been doing all along, she answered.

"I have no idea."

"Maybe we'll find you a new Kevin," he found himself saying, then realized he sounded like he was talking to a three-year-old.

"I've got my hands full enough with you, thank you very much," she said, patting him patronizingly on the head.

"I deserve that, I guess."

"Well, you did make fun of my pet rock."

"I'm not even going to respond to that," he mumbled.

It was quiet again. Christian found himself praying Kessen would talk. Earlier he wanted to muzzle her, now he wanted to hear her tell stories and never stop. That was it, he needed food. Either that, or he was getting a fever. Never in his life had he wanted any woman to keep talking to him. If anything he had prayed science would develop some sort of listening device to drown out any high-pitched voice within ten feet.

Kessen piped up with more enthusiasm than he thought possible when she saw them nearing the edge of town. "Look, there's a little convenience store! Should we stop for food?"

He nodded and parked, watching in disbelief as she hopped from the car and ran into the bakery. Just as he was locking the doors and getting ready to step inside, his cell rang.

"Hello?"

"Hey, it's Nick."

"Nick! It's good to hear from you. Sorry about all the confusion this morning with the flights."

"No prob. Have you told her yet?"

"No. I'm going to leave the surprises to you."

"She threatened me with a machete, Christian. Surprising her may not be the best idea."

"She does have a tendency to become violent."

"Ya think? Page six and all."

"I'm not commenting."

"I didn't think you would."

Christian paused as he heard silence on the other end.

"Anyway," Nick said, breaking the spell, "I'm all set to arrive tomorrow morning. Try to prep her a little before I show up. I'm probably more excited about this whole thing than her father, and that's saying a lot. Did you know he was playing 'God Save the Queen' from his sound system for two days straight when he heard you guys were getting married?"

"The poor neighbors."

"Poor me! I'm his neighbor! My dog still hasn't recovered!"

"Sorry, old boy."

"It's fine. Look, just don't let me surprise her too much. I'm wickedly attractive, albeit not as smart as I would like people to believe. Basically, I need my looks. They're all I have."

"I'll do my best."

"Thanks, dude. See you soon."

"Cheerio."

Christian snapped the phone shut and sighed, "Americans." Before he opened the door to the bakery, Kessen was already on her way out, paper bags and drinks in hand.

"Hey, I didn't know what to get you, so I bought enough carbohydrates and snacks to put you into a food coma. Sound good?"

She looked absolutely flushed and perfect and-he couldn't even control his own thoughts.

"Christian?" she pressed.

"Um, right. Brilliant, thank you."

He sounded like his father, and it made him want to jump off a tall building. He hung his head in shame as he strode to her side of the car.

"Oh, I didn't think you'd want to eat in your car."

"Why?" His voice cracked. Blast his male hormones!

"There's frosting, and things flake, and well, you have a nice car..."

"It's fine," he snapped, needing to distance himself from her as soon as possible. It was best she had no idea what he was thinking at that moment.

It involved her and frosting.

He threw the thought out of his head and abruptly opened her door. She slid in and smiled, totally unaware of his inner turmoil.

He bit his tongue to keep from saying something he would regret. He probably looked like he was in pain, and quite honestly he was in pain. Everything in his body screamed with unquenched desire.

He nodded hastily and got in on the other side. She handed him a chocolate croissant and tea. When he took the tea from her she seemed to blush. "I didn't think you'd want coffee."

He laughed. "You mean you didn't want to take the risk of bringing me coffee and having me lecture you on the merits of tea?"

"Exactly," she muttered. "Plus, we don't have all day for you to lecture me."

"Pity." He took a bite out of his croissant.

She shook her head and returned to her own delicious snack. She was careful not to spill anything in her lap; although he noticed she did have a little frosting on her face.

She hadn't noticed.

He kept staring.

She still hadn't noticed.

He was going to burn someplace very hot for what he was thinking. Saint Peter was right; it is not good for man to be alone. Ever.

Good thing he was getting married.

Blast it all, why wasn't she using a napkin? She was so careful not to spill. Everything in him screamed, "Look in a mirror! Stop torturing me!"

Alas, she did nothing but turn towards him with a curious look on her face.

So he devoured her.

In his mind, that is ... then he carefully leaned over and licked, yes licked, the tiny fleck of frosting right off of her lip.

The tension in the car was so thick it was hard to breath. His chest constricted as she reached up to touch where his tongue had just been. She touched his face. He closed his eyes, reveling in the feel of it.

A banging on the window jolted both of them in their seats, nearly sending their drinks flying. It was a police officer pointing to a sign that said No Parking.

Christian mouthed they would go. Kessen sank into her seat and closed her eyes in embarrassment.

After a few minutes of maneuvering traffic, they were basically home free. After all, Kent wasn't all that far away from London. It would be dark by the time they reached the house, but it would be ready for them. It was fully stocked with food and had a few servants who lived on the premises.

Kessen turned to look at him. "I think we should revisit this whole no-touching thing."

He nearly slammed on the brakes in shock.

Kessen, noticing his inability to drive and talk at the same time, grimaced. "Maybe we should talk when you aren't in control of a death-mobile."

"I'm fine. I can talk and drive."

"That's yet to be proven," she said, tensely looking at the road while holding her hand out in front of her, like that would somehow stop the car if they were to crash.

Chapter Fifteen

Kessen didn't trust herself after ten o'clock at night. Everyone in her family knew of that rule. Nothing good ever happened after ten. Hadn't she stated as much? Hadn't it been proven true time and time again? So why she decided to have such a bizarre conversation after ten o'clock was beyond her, yet that's exactly what was taking place.

Christian turned back toward the road with both hands firmly clenching the wheel. "Perhaps I won't look at you, but you can talk. I'm sure I could handle it." He turned quickly to wink at her, though she could tell his confidence was better when he was actually watching where he was going.

"I think we should date."

Christian swerved; she screamed and covered her eyes.

"Sorry," he said, throwing her an apologetic grin. "You were saying?"

She exhaled loudly before continuing. "I was saying, before you nearly killed us, that we should date. After all, we are getting married. And people who date, well, they..."

"Touch?" Christian choked.

Kessen put a hand on his arm. "Are you okay?"

"Fine." His throat sounded raspy.

"Are you sure? You sound like you're in pain."

"May God have mercy on my soul," he whispered.

"What?" she asked, confused. Why was he talking about God? She knew the Vandenbrooks were fiercely religious, which is probably why she was so attracted to the books in the first place. They were known for being terrible flirts but never crossing any lines with the women they seduced. No, the line-crossing always happened after they were married. All bets were off then. She wondered if that's what Christian meant earlier when-

"You were saying?" he interrupted, voice clear and normal.

"I just think since we're going to be married, we should at least try to date like normal people, even if it is only for seven days."

He nodded his head. "I think you're right, though I loathe putting your name and being correct in the same sentence."

"Get used to it."

He chuckled. "That, my dear, will never happen."

"It's always easier when you don't fight it."

"You're telling me," he mumbled.

"I'm sorry." She turned towards him. "Are we having the same conversation?"

"Of course," he stuttered.

She glared at him, hoping he could feel the intense burn of her gaze. If he did, he didn't show it. Instead he seemed oddly more focused on the road than ever. Pity.

"We'll start tomorrow," he said, turning towards her. Was it possible for a man to get more attractive by the second? He seemed to be having his own private conversation with himself, and his eyes did not look friendly; they looked fierce.

"Okay, um, well..." She crossed her arms over her chest and faced toward the front of the car again. All she could hear was the heavy beating of her own heart. She silently prayed Christian couldn't hear it as well. But he seemed to be so busy concentrating on the road, she doubted he could think of anything else except for speed limits and stop signs.

He looked annoyed.

But then again she could be assuming things; maybe he was concentrating on the road. After all, he'd proven his inability to multi-task countless times. She was surprised he hadn't gotten a ticket yet.

Maybe they were more lenient in Europe?

She took a sip of water and stole another quick glance in his direction. It was hard to ignore how built he was, yet she had never seen him work out. Then again, it wasn't as if they had been living together; how would she even know?

Her gaze traced down the curve of his triceps and ended at his clenched hands. He truly did take this whole driving thing seriously.

****

Christian felt like he would snap any second.

He was tightly wound, and unfortunately, the reason for his stress was sitting next to him dozing off. She was falling asleep!

How did a person fall asleep at a time like this?

The tension could have been cut with a knife, and she was closing her eyes! Oh, how he wished he could close his eyes and push out the images of her body pressed against his.

One would think that after kissing her on numerous occasions, the desire would fade, but it did nothing but fan the flame. It took every brain cell in his possession to stay focused on the road instead of her.

He turned on the air conditioner, hoping to wake himself from his sensual state. He suddenly realized the error of his ways when the scent of musky perfume floated through the car. Christian contemplated not breathing, but decided death was probably a little extreme at this point.

The perfume was toxic to his body, making him think thoughts he shouldn't be entertaining. He looked at Kessen and relaxed a bit. At least her eyes weren't open. He didn't know how to control himself when she was looking at him the way she so often did.

They would be at his country home within a few minutes. It was getting late; he needed a good night's sleep and a shot of something strong.

By the time he pulled into the driveway of his house, he had mentally counted every tie in his closet, and recited Job 31:3 (which was the only verse his parents shoved down his throat at a young age); it talked about lusting after things of the flesh, which he thought fit the situation perfectly.

Maybe if he remembered what Job had to go through, he would be able to stop thinking about Kessen. It didn't work, because somehow in the midst of reciting Job he got to thinking about books, then about how she read the books about his family. He wondered if she wished the two of them could be in a book, and what would happen in such a book if they were in it together ... alone.

How would the scenes play out?

Needless to say, that's when things took a turn for the worse.

He needed to stop role-playing in his mind. He'd never been guilty of day-dreaming before meeting Kessen. Apparently, it was one of her many charms. He felt totally disarmed.

Once he parked, he went around to her side and carefully opened her car door and nudged her to wake up.

She wouldn't budge; instead, she wrapped her warm hands around his neck and pulled him down to her level.

He swore.

He jerked back suddenly, allowing her to topple to the ground. It was either that or ravish her in his driveway. He thought she would appreciate his choice had he had time to explain himself, which he didn't.

Instead he was met with a string of expletives which would have made Kessen's grandma blush. Consequently, it just made him more aroused.

Perfect.

Because that's just what he needed at this point.

He picked her up off the ground and dusted her off. "Sorry about that. I slipped."

She glared. "Slipped my-"

He covered her mouth with his hand. "No more swearing. It isn't ladylike."

"Neither is dropping someone when they're in a dead sleep!"

"I said I was sorry!" he barked.

She stuck out her tongue and grabbed her bags. "Aren't we supposed to be dating? Doesn't that mean you're supposed to turn the charm on?"

Christian snickered. "I already have, sweetheart. What, you couldn't tell?"

She mumbled something under her breath and slammed the door. "Stupid British men, dropping women and seducing them in gardens."

"I'll forgive you for your inability to complete actual sentences, considering I did just wake you out of a dead sleep. You're not at your sarcastic best at this point."

She sent him a chilly glare. He walked out of the line of fire and opened the door. It smelled like home. He had missed this house immensely. Kessen was sure to love it, considering her unhealthy obsession with his family's heritage.

A smile began forming as Kessen took in the huge entry. "This is perfect." Her voice held no previous disdain from being dropped. For some reason it made Christian pause to think, something he hadn't been doing a lot of lately.

"Does it remind you of home?" he asked.

She turned around to face him. "Actually, it does. Does that seem weird to you?"

He shrugged. "No, I actually did have two purposes for bringing you here. First, you are absolutely obsessed with those stupid books about my family; and second, I knew you probably wanted to get away. We have been mauled by the paparazzi for the past two days. This is the place which came to mind. It's famous, as you already know. But it's also very cozy and has a crazy woodland feel to it."

"It feels like a fairy tale," she said, doing a little twirl. To say this girl was hard to figure out would be an understatement.

Kessen looked more awake now that she was walking around exploring. He could hear her "ooh" and "ahh" from the entry. He brought the rest of the luggage in and set out to find her.

It wasn't hard to guess where she'd be. She was sitting in the sun room, which faced the garden where the famous wedding took place in the book series.

She must have sensed his presence, because she started talking.

"What was your childhood like? And please remember I've read all the books about your family. Though none of them included you-probably because that story's yet to be written. Is any of it true? Before you answer, I also feel the need to remind you that you could crush all my dreams in one second by being too truthful."

Christian let out a chuckle and joined her on the couch. "Actually, you'd be surprised to find out that most of the books are true. Naturally, the author adds details to make the situations more interesting. But the rumors of my family only marrying blue bloods or being oddly religious? All true."

"Did your great-grandfather really marry the servant girl?" she asked pleadingly.

Christian felt ill. He didn't want to be honest with her, because if he was honest, she would find out his great-grandfather did marry the servant girl, but then he cheated on her with a duchess from the ton and ended up sending the same servant girl to the countryside to live in a nunnery.

He decided to lie.

"They lived happily ever after."

She beamed.

He felt better.

"I bet your childhood was amazing," she said in a quiet voice. "Not that I'm saying mine wasn't."

"Of course," he said agreeably.

"My father would probably disown me if he knew how much of a fantasy I actually lived in when I was small. I think it's why I like books so much. I mean, how romantic is it to know your parents married for love, and that your aristocratic father left London to move to America with his wife?"

Christian didn't say anything; he didn't have to. They were sharing a moment, and he knew it would be ruined if he spoke. For reasons he didn't have the energy to figure out, Kessen was being vulnerable. He would take what he could get.

It was exhausting, having to defend oneself against her constant stream of sarcasm.

"Were they happy?" he asked.

"My parents?"

He nodded.

"They were more than happy. They were something you would read about in romance novels. We did hospice during the last year so they could spend time together. He was such a good caretaker. I always told myself I would never marry, unless I could find a relationship like that."

He winced. "And now you have to marry. I'm sorry."

She brightened a bit. "No, it's okay. I know you want to kill me most the time for speaking. But other than that, at least we have the whole physical attraction thing going for us."

"You have no idea," he moaned, putting his head in his hands.

She laughed. "Oh, I think I have some idea."

He scooted away. "To prove my point, I'm going to put at least a good two feet of space between us, so your body heat doesn't radiate anywhere near my vicinity."

"If it's too hot, stay out of the kitchen," she snapped.

He rolled his eyes. "Oh, Kessen, the kitchen is exactly where I want to be."

"I think that's my cue to go to bed."

"I think you're right." He held out his hand, and she took it. "Your bedroom is the first hall on the right. Breakfast is served at eight. Oh, and Kessen?"

She turned to look at him. "I have a surprise for you tomorrow morning."

Kessen laughed. "Interesting."

"I sure hope so."

She winked and went up the stairs, leaving Christian feeling very alone. Her presence filled the room with so much warmth, it was hard for him to imagine going back to being without her. He was nearing dangerous territory with her. It was frightening how much he was beginning to like her for her personality. His life was hard enough being merely attracted to her; what was he going to do when he couldn't have a normal day without her constant chatter?

Chapter Sixteen

Kessen didn't even remember falling asleep. She grumbled when she looked down at her wrinkly clothes; apparently she was making a habit of falling asleep before she had time to change into more appropriate attire.

Her gaze darted around her large room in search of her suitcase. Her vision was fuzzy and sleepy, but she finally saw a flash of brown designer luggage by the door.

She tumbled out of bed and got ready.

By the time she reached the bottom of the stairs, she was struck with the realization that she would be getting married in six days now. It had a sobering effect on her, but looking around made her almost giddy for her marriage; it would mean she would inherit this wonderful house as well, after all, they would be married. Everything they owned would be shared unless there was some sort of evil Regency-style marriage contract she didn't know about.

It was kind of Christian to bring her here, not that she was starting to like him or anything. No, that could not happen. But then again he had been so sweet the night before, listening like he actually cared, and he didn't even take advantage of her sleepiness; instead he sent her to bed. Without him. That was the big shock, not that she thought he was that type of man.

Honestly, it was more than shocking! He didn't even try anything! What was this feeling she was having? Was it-oh no, she moaned out loud, throwing her face into her hands. "I cannot be in love with this man." Her voice rang through the room.

She took a few deep breaths before bounding down the stairs.

"Well, well, well. Look who we have here."

It was a familiar male voice, but no, that was impossible. It couldn't be.

"Nick?" Kessen asked curiously.

"Live and in person. Wow, I thought you'd be more shocked," he said, walking around the corner. He was in his usual style of designer jeans and Henley shirt.

Kessen ran to him and threw her arms around his neck. "I can't believe it! How? Why? Oh my! I missed you so much! Is Sammy here?"

"Easy!" Nick hugged her back. "I came for the wedding, naturally, because I'm your best friend, and also because page six didn't do you any justice. Have you been getting any sun at all over here? And no, Sammy is not here. She had to work, but we have a internet chat date tonight."

Kessen sighed. "I love you. Thanks so much for being here."

"If I wasn't so confident in my ability to seduce young Kessen, I would almost be jealous," Christian said, coming into the room. "Although I suppose it helps that your best friend is married to your other best friend."

Kessen laughed. "Don't worry. Nick and I have never had that type of relationship."

Nick snorted. "Yeah, on account that she would kill me. I did tell you about the machete threat, Christian. And that was probably the tamest threat she's ever given me."

"Scary." Christian shook his head.

"Man, you have no idea." Nick laughed, shoving his hands into his pockets. "So, what's this I hear about you not drinking tea, Kessen?"

Kessen's eyes flashed with anger as she pointed an accusing finger at Christian. "You ratted me out!"

He backed up with hands in the air. "I did nothing of the sort. I merely explained to Nick how we met ... It's all he needs to know in order to understand the type of relationship we have."

"Coffee and tea don't go well together," Nick said to himself. "Although I see your point, Christian. She is really high strung. I wonder why? It's not typical."

Kessen looked between the two in shock. Could they have bonded any more over the past few hours?

"Well, it could be I've been keeping her away from sharp objects," Christian offered.

Nick nodded his head knowingly. "Yes, she does like to throw things." He paused, and then turned back to Christian. "Have you tried the Wall Street Journal, or Guitar Hero?"

"Both solid options," Christian agreed. "I've actually been relying on my sensuality to coerce her into doing whatever I want. But sadly, I think those days are coming to an end. She is kind of prudish, don't you think?"

Nick nodded emphatically. "A complaint I often hear. She tends to panic when things get too hot and heavy, if you know what I mean. In fact, I actually had to teach her how to French kiss when we were sixteen."

"How did that turn out?"

Nick shuddered. "With two black eyes and a broken tooth."

"Sounds about right."

"Yes, well, I hope you're at least enjoying my tutelage."

"Oh, immensely. Thank you." Christian shook his hand.

Kessen was rendered mute. Who were these people? What had happened to her best friend? Without thinking, she yelled, "Pick a side, Nick!"

"I'm sorry. Are we playing capture the flag?" he asked, confused.

Christian shrugged his shoulders but did nothing to hide his smug grin.

"No, you can't be my best friend and still be his friend. It's not possible-not okay. He'll get an unfair advantage in all this dating business."

"So you're worried about things being fair?" Christian asked.

Kessen's eyes darted between both men. "Exactly."

They both looked at one another and laughed. Nick said, "Perfect."

Christian said, "I knew it."

It made Kessen feel dumb and furious.

"I invited Duncan as well. I hope you don't mind, Kessen. But I thought it would be only fair to have our two best friends here."

Stupid interfering men, she thought. "Wait. Does that mean I'm alone with three men in this giant house?"

Christian smiled wickedly. "Yes, and to protect your virtue, I believe it necessary for you to move to the room which adjoins mine." He looked to Nick. "No offense."

"None taken," Nick said between coughs of laughter. "In fact, I think that's wise, my lord Very wise."

Kessen yelled, then cursed and ran out of the room, leaving both men shocked with her amazing ability to make swear words sound dirtier than they actually were.

Stomping towards the kitchen helped a little, Kessen thought, as she reached the breakfast table. It was filled high with pastries and at least four different kinds of drinks including coffee.

Bless him.

Interesting choice of words considering she had in fact just cursed the two men who probably thought to put coffee on the table. She shrugged and took a sip. Bliss. Now at least she could think straight. What in the world was she going to do about Christian and Nick? The saying "all's fair in love and war" came to mind with a vengeance.

Of course, she could learn quite a few things from Duncan if he ever showed up. He did seem to be an open book; in fact, she had thought him a lot like Nick.

Then again...

It could quite possibly be the worst week of her life. Three men, all of whom teased her mercilessly and wanted nothing more than to hear her curse, just so they can feel better about their ability to taunt her.

Drat. It was going to be a long week. The wedding wasn't until Sunday, and it was only Monday. Well, she could always hide out. She took one of the meat pastries and sat at the table.

Muffled voices arose from the other room, then shouts of laughter, and finally hurried steps coming her way. She closed her eyes for what she was convinced would happen next.

"Kessen!" Duncan yelled, entering the kitchen.

She kept her eyes closed. She told herself if her eyes were closed, none of the men would see her.

"Is she praying?" Christian asked.

"Doubtful. She only does that when she plays Guitar Hero," Nick said.

"Why?" Duncan asked.

"It gives her an edge," Nick explained. "Not that I've seen it help in any of our time playing together, but it doesn't hurt."

"Ahhh," they all said in unison. Kessen continued closing her eyes, but felt her face getting hot.

Christian was the first to pipe up. "Do you think we should let her stay like that for a while?"

Nick laughed. "She's very stubborn."

"I've noticed," Christian mumbled.

Duncan laughed. "Please, Christian. You're not any better. Last year you punched yourself in the face just because someone suggested you wouldn't be able to bruise yourself. When the doctor came, you refused pain medication because it might make you appear weak."

"That's kind of childish," Kessen mumbled.

"Oh, so the princess isn't asleep." Christian acted surprised.

Kessen groaned and opened her eyes. It was like a romance novel brought to life. Three of the most attractive men in the world were staring at her with curious eyes. Christian looked as though he was about to devour her; Nick looked incredulous, and Duncan wore the most smug of expressions.

"Stupid meddling British people," she said, taking another sip of coffee.

Nick laughed as he sat down. "You know she's rather unpatriotic for being British."

"My thoughts exactly," Christian agreed. "She had the audacity to make fun of my accent, as if hers is better. No offense."

Nick nodded. "I hate my voice. Americans have single-handedly destroyed the English language-and our friend Kessen here is on the forefront of that war."

"I agree wholeheartedly." Christian grabbed a cup of tea and sighed. "She won't even acknowledge 'God Save the Queen.'"

Kessen nearly dropped her coffee in her lap.

"Oh, yes. How does that go again?" Duncan asked, suddenly interested in the conversation.

Nick opened his mouth to speak, but upon looking at Kessen, he rapidly changed his mind.

"What's wrong?" asked an amused Christian.

"I'm not fond of machetes, and she has a knife in her hand."

Duncan sobered. "Wise choice, my friend. Wise choice."

"So, this has been fun!" Kessen exclaimed, jumping out of her chair. "But I need to go."

She reached the far end of the room when she heard Christian's voice.

"But what about our date?"

Duncan laughed. "Yes, Kessen. What about it?"

She looked to Nick for help, but he was staring at the ceiling with reckless abandonment.

Exhaling and clasping her hands together, to keep from throwing things, she asked, "What date?"

All three men looked at each other, positively beaming, but nobody said anything.

She repeated herself.

Nick took another cup of tea and lifted it to Christian in a toast. It was obvious they were ignoring her.

Duncan, apparently taking pity on her misery, winked. "Be ready to go on an excursion in an hour."

"Fine," she bit.

"Fine!" Christian bellowed with a giant smile on his face.

Chapter Seventeen

But it wasn't fine, not when she saw where they were going. "You have your own paintball field?" she squeaked.

Nick nudged Christian in the arm. "Didn't I tell you once she threatened me with a paintball gun?"

"Perfect revenge, don't you think?" Christian said, loading his gun. Though Kessen noticed Nick hide his smile. He obviously hadn't let Christian in on Kessen's secret talent with a paintball gun.

"Why isn't Nick playing?" Kessen smirked in his direction. She knew why; she was just curious if anyone else knew why the little pansy wasn't suited up.

"Someone has to make sure you play fair." Nick shrugged and walked off to the protected booth high above the field.

Without warning, a loud whistle attacked Kessen's ears, making her feel the need to slap whoever had the courage to produce such a loud noise.

"Attention!" Nick shrieked.

Both Duncan and Christian clicked their heels together and saluted Nick. Kessen watched in amazement. They looked like toy soldiers ready for war. Then Nick ran down from his post and painted black camouflage coloring on Duncan's and Christian's cheeks.

Kessen's mouth formed a tight line when he approached her.

"Camo?"

She nodded her head and fought the urge to sneeze as he generously smeared the sticky paint across her face.

"Now for the rules," Nick said, still using his bellowing voice. He would have made an impeccable announcer.

"I am, as all of you well know, the Paintball Master Director Referee."

Kessen grunted a laugh then sobered when she saw three serious faces staring her way in irritation.

"As I was saying..." Nick cleared his throat. "I am the Paintball Master Director Referee. You may address me as sir, or master, but my preference is master."

"I bet," Kessen muttered.

Nick glared, Christian laughed, and Duncan looked at his pretend watch as if to say, "Are you done yet?"

"The rules are as follows: One, no head shots. Two, once you've been hit three times, you must return to the sidelines. And three, may the best man or woman win." He cleared his throat again. "Are there any wagers you would like to put on the table, Duncan?"

Duncan licked his lips and looked in Kessen's direction. "If I win, I would like Kessen to kiss Christian."

"Second," Christian coughed.

"And I third," Nick added triumphantly. "Christian, what about you?"

"If I win, Kessen must cook me dinner."

Duncan chuckled. "You trust her not to poison you?"

"The gentleman has a point," Nick said.

"Oh, for crying out loud! I wouldn't poison him!" Kessen snapped.

All three heads pivoted in her direction.

Nick smiled. "Then it's settled. How about you, Kessen? What is your wager?"

Her back straightened as she took time to glare each one of them in the eyes. "If I win, Nick has to make me dinner, Duncan has to serve me, and Christian has to sing for my entertainment."

All three of them paled, and then Christian straightened. "She's a girl. She couldn't possibly beat us."

Duncan didn't look as confident, though, and Nick looked downright dubious.

"When I get to my box, I will blow the whistle. You may then begin," Nick announced.

Kessen grumbled to herself but made sure her gun was loaded and offered Christian a little salute. He had no idea what he was getting himself into.

However, Duncan seemed much more concerned, and as soon as they made eye contact, he began frantically checking his gun and adding extra ammo to his pocket, just in case.

Kessen shot him a knowing nod. He gulped and rushed to hide. It was obvious that Nick had let her little secret slip. The thrill of the hunt beat in her chest as she ran in the direction of the trees.

She chose her hiding spot well, ducking between the two tree stumps that sat in the middle of the course. Naturally, both Christian and Duncan took hiding spots on the outskirts of the field. All appearances pointed to her being a sitting duck.

But what Christian was unaware of, Nick already knew-she was a member of the women's paintball league in Colorado. Not only were they national champions at one point, but they had also beaten another team: Nick's team of friends not three weeks earlier.

One of the guys even cried.

Kessen remembered giving him a large pat on the back and telling him he couldn't win them all. Granted, he wasn't crying from losing, he was crying because she accidently shot him where no man should be shot. But it was his fault for not paying attention. Hopefully, he'll still be able to have children.

Lying down on the grass, she waited for the whistle. As soon as it sounded, she saw movement from the corner of her eye. Duncan was approaching using stealth-like speed. He was trying to army crawl, but was failing miserably when it came to hiding behind the rocks. He looked petrified, making Kessen wonder if Christian had pressured him into playing. Most players could only shoot their guns with their dominant hand, whereas Kessen could shoot with right or left and have impeccable aim. She laughed as she watched him lift his gun over his own head in warning and scoot closer to the middle.

Quickly Kessen crawled to the opposing rock next to the stump and waited. Her plan was working perfectly. Christian, still out of sight, was most likely watching Duncan to see what to do next. The thing she immediately noticed about Duncan was, he had no game plan; he wasn't that type of player. He was only focused on the goal, which was to hit her. She hadn't seen him poke his head up for a while, so she decided to taunt him.

She shot directly off the left side of the rock, aiming for what would be his shooting hand. Unfortunately for Duncan, that was the one time he reached out with his gun to see where she was sitting. The paintball was a direct hit onto his forearm. She heard him curse and bit her lip to keep from laughing.

It offered the distraction she needed to hightail it to the next tree and duck. Off the left side of the field, she saw Christian approaching. Poor Duncan, he was trying to give hand signals. She shook her head and shot again.

"Just give it up, Duncan!" she yelled.

He swore again and threw a nasty glare in her general direction. Nick called over the loudspeaker, "Duncan, you've been hit twice. One more time, and you're out."

"I can bloody well count!" he called back.

Kessen couldn't help but laugh. She threw a rock in Duncan's direction, making him duck without realizing his butt was hanging past the tree. She laughed as she took careful aim and shot her gun, hitting him directly on target. He wouldn't be able to sit for the next three days.

Wincing in pain and throwing his gun at the tree, he struggled to pull down his pants, revealing designer boxer briefs.

"Son of a-"

"Language!" Kessen yelled from her well-concealed hiding place.

He scowled in the direction of her voice and made an inappropriate hand gesture.

It was just she and Christian, and he was going down.

****

Christian was a lot of things. He was a future duke, for one thing-a great businessman, and some people did call him a womanizer, but that was a long time ago. One thing he had never been called was a pansy; however, at this moment in his life, he truly wanted to run away.

The woman just shot a near stranger in the bum and laughed.

She laughed! He sent up a quick prayer before army-crawling to the giant rock in front of him. Obviously she had no shame. What was she? Some sort of paintball professional? He would never be able to make that good of a shot as far away as he was. How did she do it?

Like he needed to ask. She was a woman of many talents, including the French kissing. And thank you, Nick, for that. The lessons had paid off!

Christian should have given Duncan a hand instead of laughing, but the poor bloke pulled down his pants. The welt was the size of England. It took everything in Christian not to give in to fear. But how could he? Kessen was a woman-how much harm could she do?

Another look at the limping Duncan told him she could do quite a bit more damage than any man could.

Swearing under his breath, Christian stealthily crawled closer to Kessen. She had hidden behind a tree and hadn't moved in awhile. Not a peep was heard on her side of the field. The sneak attack seemed his best option. Slipping the long way around the bushes to the backside of the tree where she would be hiding, he almost laughed to himself at her apparent careless stupidity. It was almost too easy.

And then it hit him.

It was too easy-that was the point. He had made it clear across the field and behind her hiding place without her knowing. Kessen was too good not to be aware of his movements-it was then he heard a cocking paintball gun behind him.

An interminable string of expletives poured from his lips, which would have made any woman blush. Instead, she shot him.

Three times.

In the back.

He bit his lip so he wouldn't cry. But who could blame him if he did? After all, she was shooting at point-blank range. What type of man cried after his fiancee shot him with a paintball gun?

In order to cover his impending tears, he glared at her with watery eyes and felt like strangling the woman smugly grinning back. "Who are you?" he accused her through clenched teeth.

She blew the top of her gun as if it were smoking, then answered, "National Paintball Champion 2011, sucker. Oh, and Christian?"

He spun back to face her.

"I suggest you wear a costume for tonight's entertainments."

He kicked a rock, sending it sailing through the air, and tried heartily not to wince as he limped back to the tower.

Nick's voice boomed across the field. "Christian, you've been hit at point blank three times. Our winner is Kessen!"

Kessen then proceeded to throw her gun in the air while singing, "I am the champion, my friend! And I'll keep on fighting till the end." Her gun then turned into an air guitar she played expertly, which made him assume it would also be a poor idea to challenge her to a Guitar Hero tournament.

Duncan was lying on his stomach with an ice pack on his backside, while Nick was helping Christian peel off his shirt, so he could take a look at the already rapidly expanding welts on his back.

Kessen dropped her air guitar when his shirt was completely off.

"What? You've never seen a man so fit before?" Christian teased.

Only her eyes held concern.

"Christian, I'm so sorry!"

His pride stung a little when she didn't comment on his body. Women always commented ... apparently not women like Kessen.

"You have a giant welt!" She put her hands over her mouth, covering a smile.

He cursed when Duncan touched it. "Are you happy now, Kessen? If I wasn't so injured, I would ask for a rematch."

She let out a snort. "How very brave of you, Christian. I'll keep that in mind when your bruises finally heal."

"Hold me back, Nick. I'm going to strike a woman."

Duncan piped up. "Don't upset the beast; she'll make it worse. Leave her be. For the love of all that is holy, leave her be!"

"Are you crying?" Kessen asked mockingly.

"No." Duncan sniffed. "I just have dirt in my eyes."

Nick snickered. "Both of them?"

Duncan groaned. "I won't sit for weeks."

"Well, I believe my rib is broken," Christian interjected. "Thanks to Kessen."

"Sorry I didn't warn you. I don't think you would have believed me anyway," she said, approaching him cautiously. How was it fair she had escaped unscathed?

"Mark my words, Kessen. I will find a game you're terrible at, and then we'll see who's sorry." Christian winced again as Nick applied a salve.

Kessen licked her lips and suddenly Christian forgot about the pain. He wanted to consume her, and God help him, he wanted her even with camouflage paint all over her face. Closing his eyes did nothing to erase the image of her from his mind. When he opened them again, she was standing directly in front of him, so close he could smell the mint gum she had been chewing.

He gulped.

She reached up and laid a single finger on his lips. "Don't forget, you're mine tonight. Don't be late."

His mouth dropped open as she sauntered off. He couldn't help but stare at her perfect form. Swearing again, he ran his fingers through his hair.

"Close your mouth, Christian," Duncan said, pushing himself painfully up from the ground. "It looks like we have an evening for Kessen planned, eh blokes?"

It was Nick's turn to swear, Christian's turn to wince, and Duncan's turn to lean on both of them as they hobbled back to the house.

Chapter Eighteen

It took Christian at least an hour to get changed out of his clothes, a result of his battle wounds, no doubt. Every time he moved his arms, he felt another stab of pain all the way down his back. It wouldn't surprise him if his entire back was black and blue. Who shot someone at point-blank range anyway? "Of all the heartless, menacing..." he mumbled to himself, then heard a throat clear.

"Ah, the inevitable interruption," he said turning. "Oh, it's you."

Kessen smirked. "Yes, I was just delivering your costume."

Christian decided speaking was out of the question, considering his current vocabulary was made up entirely of four-letter words.

She handed him a bag and smiled. "Open it."

"Is anything going to attack me?" he asked, lifting an eyebrow. "Or will a bomb explode in my face?"

She laughed heartily. "No, nothing like that. Be a man and open the bag." Her hands were on her hips in ultimate challenge style.

A sigh escaped his lips as he pulled open the brown bag. Inside was an I heart New York t-shirt, a ballerina skirt, and a tiara.

"What in the-?" he started to say then clamped his mouth shut. "Costume?" he repeated again.

She nodded emphatically. "Oh yes! You see, my part of the bet was, you would be the entertainment. Now that you have your costume, I will address the songs I would like you to hum."

"Hum?" he asked.

"Yes, hum. I don't like singing as much as I like humming."

He felt his fists clench. "I've never struck a woman, but Kessen, I'm warning you..."

A sheet of music was thrust into his face, followed by a snickering laugh. "Christian, all's fair in love and war."

He took it and she left. It was then he noticed she was wearing the most delicate-looking red dress he had ever seen, complete with matching high heels. He immediately started sweating and taking off his clothes at the same time.

If she wanted a ballerina, she was going to get a ballerina.

****

Kessen was enjoying the night's festivities. The table was decorated with splendor; somehow Nick had even managed to light the candles without setting the entire house on fire-something she commented on earlier, which received a snort from Nick and a laugh from Duncan. They decided they would both cook and serve, leaving her alone with her entertainment for the night.

Using the word entertainment made it sound like she had hired a stripper, which she hadn't. Not that she would mind if Christian shredded a few unnecessary pieces of clothing.

What was wrong with her?

She needed to get out more; that much was clear.

Her appetizer arrived along with laughter from the kitchen. In fact, it was more than laughter. Someone was in hysterics. The door swung open revealing Christian, his tiara firmly in place, the ballerina skirt over spandex she hadn't given him, and the I heart New York t-shirt tied in a little knot to reveal his belly button.

It was awesome.

He went above and beyond the call of duty, so she did what any normal girl would do. She stood up and clapped. Whistles from Nick and Duncan soon followed the clapping. It was obvious both of them were relieved to be the ones serving dinner.

Christian did a little twirl and a bow, and then seated himself straight across from Kessen. For some reason, she felt uncomfortable.

It wasn't supposed to go like this; he was supposed to be mortified and angry. Instead, he was taking it in stride, as if he had done it before.

It made her nervous.

He smiled at her knowingly.

Then he began humming.

He went through the entire list, twice, and when he was finished singing he sauntered to his seat, but not before winking at her.

Dinner was gone, and all the boys were now seated with her in the dining room. Christian didn't say a word. He simply left the room, only to return dressed head-to-toe in a three-piece suit.

Kessen looked to Duncan and Nick, who were trying unsuccessfully to hide their smiles.

"What are you doing?" Kessen asked.

Christian smirked. "Well, I did hum all the songs. Did I not provide you with acceptable enough entertainment and fulfill my end of the bargain?"

"Well, yes, but-"

"No buts. Now it's my turn to continue dating in my fashion."

She laughed. "Oh, yeah. And how do you plan to do that?"

Duncan and Nick looked at Christian, both grinning like complete idiots.

"I intend to seduce you."

"Hear, hear!" Nick shouted. Duncan whistled and hit the lights.

This was not good. Not good at all. She thought of a million things she could say to deter him from his present state of mind, but was rendered speechless when he sat at the piano.

"Oh no," she said out loud, putting her hands on her already red face.

Duncan nudged her. "Don't you mean 'Oh, yes! Yes! Yes! Yes?'"

Her glare turned hot on his face as he shrugged his shoulders innocently and crossed his arms. "Kessen's nervous," he said under his breath, so only Nick and she could hear.

Nick nodded his head sadly. "She doesn't have much experience with men, poor dear."

"Ah, I see. I wonder how many other men have tried to tutor our young Kessen in the ways of the world," Duncan said out loud.

Nick held out his hands. "It can't be more than two. No, I couldn't imagine that. She's probably nervous because she's so innocent. It happens, you know."

Duncan slapped his hand across Kessen's back. "Don't worry, Christian will take good care of you."

"That's what I'm afraid of," she mumbled.

And then it began.

Christian played like a pro. It was as if every key on the piano reached up to greet his fingers before he even put pressure to it. The music glided through the room and made emotion ripple in her chest as if she were part of the song he was playing. Embarrassingly, she found herself with her eyes closed when the music ended.

She quickly opened them to see all three boys smugly grinning in her direction.

"Like taking candy from a baby." Nick chuckled.

She scowled and crossed her arms. The disappointment was evident on her face when Christian got up from his seat behind the piano to stand in front of it. Duncan replaced him and began playing Maroon 5. Stupid Nick; she would kill him. He had told them the biggest secret of all.

Kessen had a sick obsession with Maroon 5 songs, and one in particular which was extra-sensual. She would never have admitted such to anyone other than her best friend, the dirty little traitor. She threw a pillow at him, but naturally he ducked just in time to feather his hands into a wave, an expression of pure satisfaction plastered across his chiseled face.

And that's when things took a turn for the worse.

Suddenly Christian was singing.

"Oh no, not good, no, no ,no," she chanted to herself, then out of desperation, closed her eyes.

He continued to croon right in front of her chair. "I know I don't know you, but I want you, so bad."

Even her body was treacherous. She was tingling all over. It took every ounce of restraint not to physically attach herself to his person.

She opened one eye and caught him taking off his jacket. Out of desperation she sat on her hands.

Oh, Lord.

Then his suspenders.

She gulped.

Then his shoes, which wasn't that big of a deal except for the fact he was prolonging the inevitable.

It was suddenly extremely hot in that room. She looked to Nick and Duncan for help but they had retreated and left her there in the lion's den. God help her, she wanted nothing more than to be eaten alive.

Christian was still singing and humming. She noticed the boys had put the actual song on the sound system.

They were completely alone in a dark room with candles, and the most sensual song she had ever heard. Panicked, she closed her eyes again.

Christian took it as an invitation to completely crowd her space.

She felt his hot breath on her face as he whispered the seductive words into her hair. Instinctively, she opened her mouth-for what, she didn't know. A kiss? Air? To scream? Any of the above would have probably sufficed.

His voice was velvety smooth and breathless. "Tell me all your secrets. I'll keep them, I swear."

How was it possible he sounded better than Adam Levine himself? And why did Nick have to go spilling all of her secrets about men who could sing and play the piano? And why did Christian have to be good at absolutely everything? Well, everything but paintball.

One point for Kessen.

Then she opened her eyes in time to see his lips inches from hers.

Ten points Christian. Heck, she'd give him her point if he'd just kiss her and continue looking at her as if she was the most delicious thing on the menu.

Chapter Nineteen

Christian hadn't meant for it to go this far. When Kessen closed her eyes he motioned for the guys to leave. Naturally they were reluctant to bow out of a free show, but they dragged their feet to the door and turned the lights even lower for him. Not that he needed a more sensual mood than he already had going.

He would have cursed if it wouldn't have broken the moment. Unfortunately, he was too good. Too good. He was supposed to be seducing her, not himself in the process!

Here he was crooning a song Nick said was her most guilty pleasure, and her expression nearly undid him. It was definitely supposed to be the other way around. He focused on the wall for a few seconds before he continued his seduction.

He was a Vandenbrook, for crying out loud. He liked her; they were getting married. He could do this!

After about five more seconds of mental coaching, he pulled Kessen into his arms and began slow dancing with her. The heat radiating from her body was toxic to every remaining sane brain cell, rendering him completely without logical thought.

Other parts of his body had ideas of their own, though, as she pressed closer into him.

And then he heard a voice.

He cursed-in his head, of course-as Kessen began singing the first part of the song. Apparently the song was on repeat, which normally would have upset him at his friend's incompetence. Instead he wanted to stay in that moment forever.

She ran her delicate fingers across his bare chest. "I know I don't know you, but I want you so bad."

Troublesome woman and her amazing ability to do anything she set her mind to. Her voice was husky and, unfortunately for him, perfect.

He captured her lip between his teeth and let out a slow moan as she responded eagerly.

In that moment he realized he desperately wanted to ruin her. He wanted all of her. It was the basest, most purely masculine thought he had ever had in his entire existence. No doubt morally upstanding gentlemen were not supposed to think such erotic thoughts, but here he was, fighting his own battle over what he was going to do with his hands as he slid his tongue into Kessen's mouth.

First, he made a mental note to again thank Nick for his superb teaching skills. Next, he wanted to punch him in the face for ever touching her; and finally, he wanted to find out if her skills extended beyond kissing.

A man in need, want, and a pool of wicked desire-Kessen's grandmother would have him shot on the spot, if she knew the things he was thinking, things he didn't even want to admit he had been thinking.

She arched her back against him, and again all mental scolding ceased as he pulled her into his embrace and possessively wrapped his body around hers.

Red flags began flashing through his brain, but his body was doing its best to ignore them. Talk about a battle of conscience.

He moved his hands to trace the outline of her perfect body in her tight little red dress. If she hadn't already been compromised by the media, he would turn on his camera phone and ruin her reputation for good, especially if it meant she was stuck with him.

A door slammed in the distance, jolting both of them from their seduced state.

He jumped back in shock as she jerked up to her elbows. Her lips were swollen and hair a mess. He would have to be a complete idiot to stop kissing her now. Her eyes were glazed as if drugged, and he realized he must look the exact same way.

"You're too good," she said, flushing.

"My sentiments exactly," he mumbled, clearly upset about the interruption.

She shot him a helpless look, but he kept his expression stoic.

His blood was pounding in his ears; he needed to regain the moment they had just lost. Later he would have words with Nick and Duncan for merely breathing too loudly, let alone for slamming doors and snapping them both out of their pleasurable trance.

The door to the room flew open just in time for Christian to adequately push away and for Kessen to try to put her hair in a quick ponytail.

Duncan and Nick stood at the doorway; dessert in hand and with innocent looks on their faces.

"We thought you two might want dessert," Duncan interjected.

"We were having dessert," Christian mumbled.

Nick coughed. "Heard that."

"I loathe you," Christian seethed to both of them.

Kessen looked like she was about to die from embarrassment when Nick handed her a bowl of ice cream and said, "I wanted to protect your flower."

She groaned and put her head in a pillow as Nick and Duncan started cracking up and hitting Christian in the arm.

"What type of guy do you think I am?" he asked, exasperated.

"The kind who seduces young innocents who had to pay their best friend to kiss them, so they would know how?" Nick said it as more of a question.

"You paid him?" Christian asked, turning towards her.

"Worst. Night. Ever," she said through gritted teeth as she glared at Nick.

Duncan laughed. "Relax, Kessen. We're only protecting you two. Trust us, it's better this way. Neither of you know everything about the other. For example, what if Christian is allergic to cats, and you have ten cats? What would happen?"

"Terrible marriage!" Nick finished for him. "Or how about this? You guys are both super happy for a year, then one of you wants kids and the other never wanted kids. Then one resents the other, and before you know it..."

Duncan sighed. "Separate bedrooms and we cannot have that on our hands. No, we can't."

Nick nodded his head in agreement. "It is our responsibility."

"Nay, our duty!" Duncan interrupted. "To make sure you both know exactly what you're getting into before this weekend."

Christian felt worried. A quick glance told him Kessen was positively outraged.

"I'll go first." Nick cleared his throat. "The very short, very exciting biography of Kessen Newberry."

"Oh no," she mumbled into the couch pillows.

Christian laughed. "Okay, you've got me curious. Please, continue."

"Thank you." He bowed dreadfully, and then continued, "Kessen grew up in the beautiful state of Colorado."

He cleared his throat at Duncan.

Duncan jumped in suddenly. "Oh right, sorry." He opened up a map and pointed to Colorado.

Nick continued, "She was a small girl, awkward and weird. Many thought she would never have any friends, considering she talked to more animals than she did people. In fact, her father had to pay a certain particularly handsome little boy to play with her for a half hour every Saturday." He pointed to himself with an ironic smirk.

Kessen groaned.

"Anyway, after a while he didn't need to pay me anymore. I would go over to her house just because she was exciting. We climbed trees, made mud pies, told each other secrets, and captured frogs in the pond by her house. I knew she was from a rich, aristocratic family, but I didn't feel intimidated, because my own family was in the oil industry."

Christian stole a look at Kessen's face; she looked amused. He turned his attention back to Nick.

"I introduced Sammy, my fiancee, to Kessen, and they also became quick friends. Sammy is the, um, stable one of the three of us. We were like the three Musketeers as Kessen grew into a young lady through middle school. I was the one who fought off the boys who tried to hit on her and held her hand when she got a bad grade, which wasn't often. She had a relatively normal childhood, but it was mixed with tragedy when her mom was diagnosed with cancer. Her days were filled with much sadness, which I alleviated greatly by taking her to the library, so she could read and escape the sad world she was so used to living in."

Kessen laughed nervously. "Thus the romance novels."

"I blame myself entirely," Nick said, putting a hand across his heart. "In high school, she played all sports, and I mean all. She even managed to be on leadership and do cheerleading. Her first real date was with the point guard from our basketball team. All the girls loved him, including Kessen, but she was afraid he would kiss her. So that's when I stepped in and took one for the team."

Duncan gave Nick a little shoulder rub as if to say, "Atta boy."

Christian rolled his eyes. "And she paid you?"

"Well, not with money."

Something akin to murder flashed across Christian's features before Nick continued.

"I had a huge crush on Sammy, but she only thought of me as a friend. Kessen helped her see me differently. It took a Michael Jackson impersonation and a quick makeout session, but I'm happy to say she's been mine ever since.

"Fast forward to college, we all attended Ivy Leagues, and Kessen decided she wanted to go into business. She graduated early, earned her master's, and in her free time dedicated as much volunteer time as possible at the local hospice where her mother was staying. She also read to her mother every single Vandenbrook romance novel on the market. I can still remember them having Vandenbrook Saturdays, as they called them at the hospice center. Her father never knew; he always considered Kessen to be extremely logical."

Christian suddenly had a great deal more respect for the stupid romance novels, which had helped Kessen's mother through that hard end to her life.

The mood seemed to change to something sad, so Christian asked, "What's her most embarrassing moment?"

Kessen opened her mouth to speak, but Nick put his hand up. "I'll take this one. It happened like this-Kessen had a crush on this boy."

Kessen looked away in fear; Christian was ecstatic to hear the rest of the story. "Please continue," he urged.

"This boy ... well, let's call him Tom. That okay with you, Kessen?"

A whimper was heard from her direction on the couch. Christian tried to keep his face straight.

"So Kessen found Tom attractive. The problem with Tom was, Tom didn't know Kessen existed. So Kessen, in a flash of pure brilliance, decided she would find out his likes and dislikes and then pretend to like them too. She followed him home for three weeks straight, taking notes on where he hung out and what he did. Finally after the third week, a cop showed up and arrested her. Turns out, Tom had seen her stalking him the whole time and thought she was some sort of psycho out to get him. He did have a rather inflated view of himself, so it was totally logical to him a girl would stalk and kill him. Anyway, imagine his surprise when it turned out to be Kessen. He ended up not pressing charges, but he did obtain a restraining order against her, because he feared for his life."

"I switched schools," Kessen admitted.

Christian laughed. "How old were you?"

"I was only fourteen!" she said defensively. "And I was still going through that awkward phase!"

"Still?" Duncan said patronizingly.

She stuck her tongue out at him. "As much fun as it's been to go down memory lane, I believe it's time to turn the tables. Duncan, if you would be so kind."

He saluted. "Right away, my lady."

Duncan cleared his throat. "Our story now takes us across the Atlantic to the tiny country of England. Our boy Christian was born in London. Nick, if you wouldn't mind."

"Of course." Nick held open the map and pointed to London, England.

"Thank you, Nick."

"Of course."

Duncan cleared his throat again. "He had a relatively normal childhood. That is, if normal includes having a nanny most of your life, and your mother and father sending baby pictures of you to the newspaper and local television stations, and women begging to betroth themselves to you at the ripe age of eight."

Christian winced. He had forgotten about all the betrothal offers. How embarrassing.

Kessen blanched. "They still do that?"

"The Brits and their blue bloods," Nick said wistfully, obviously making fun of Kessen's interest.

Duncan pointed at Christian. "We grew up together. I immediately wanted to be friends with Christian, mainly because he had more toys, and his parents let him throw mud."

Christian laughed.

"He also had an attractive older sister, at whom I would stare at for hours on end when he wasn't watching."

"Watch it," Christian growled.

Duncan grinned. "So, it came to pass that around the age of fourteen, we discovered novels had been written about the Vandenbrook family. Upon further research in the local library, we also discovered Christian could easily use this to his advantage. And so began his days of dating, during which he wined and dined women all over London. Well, as best he could at that tender impressionable age. He soon tired of his own sleaziness and went off to college."

Christian closed his eyes. Leave it to Duncan to mention all the affairs he'd had. Though one couldn't count them as affairs, if the person wasn't married. Besides, it wasn't as if he was sleeping around. He merely dated a lot, which he felt the need to interject to the whole group.

All expressions looked doubtful. He felt like growling.

"Our dear Christian wasn't interested in his father's inheritance; he wanted to make something of himself, so he decided to break off from the family and actually get a job-something, if you've read any of the Vandenbrook books, you'll notice never happened. His father was appalled; his mother nearly had a stroke, but Christian was extremely successful and happy. In hopes of finally bringing Christian back into the family's honor, his father set about to engage his eldest son to one of the most notable families in London. The girl was beautiful but stupid, causing Christian to feel the need to work late into the night so he wouldn't have to see her. Eventually they broke it off."

Christian laughed. "Yes, we did, thanks to you; I still owe you one, by the way."

Duncan smiled smugly to himself. "You're not the only one who can seduce, my friend." Then he winked at Kessen.

"Do that again, and I'm ripping your eye out of its socket."

Duncan backed away from him and whispered to Kessen, "Quite violent when he gets territorial, don't you think?"

She laughed and reached over to squeeze Christian's hand. He felt like never washing it again. When she tried to pull her hand back, he held it tightly. Her look said, "Are you really being that immature right now?" But he merely smiled and kept holding tight. He wasn't letting her go.

She eventually gave up and relaxed her pull. Christian brought his attention back to Duncan.

"In a nutshell, our future duke's favorite food is spaghetti. Boring, I know. His favorite color is black, because according to him, it always looks dashing. He likes novels and is guilty of reading all of the Vandenbrook series, and adores scary movies. I think he has all his teeth, and at this point believes one day tea will take over the world."

Kessen looked stunned.

"My turn, my turn!" Nick shouted. "Our friend Kessen loves bread, bread of any kind; she likes baked bread, burnt bread, hard bread."

"We get it, she likes bread," Duncan interrupted.

"Fine," Nick said. "She adores any sort of fuzzy animal but will deny it to her grave, talks way too much about nothing all that interesting, also loves Italian food-although her knowledge of it extends to SpaghettiOs and macaroni and cheese."

"Pity," Duncan said.

Nick nodded. "She can speak three languages, has her master's degree, but tends to play dumb, because it was what people expected of her. She is obsessed beyond reason with the Wall Street Journal, and her dream would be to star in the Broadway musical Cats."

"That's a lie!" Kessen yelled, lunging for Nick's throat. Christian pulled her back just in time.

"Okay, fine. I lied about the whole Cats thing, but it would be funny to see her in a cat suit. Plus, she fights dirty."

"Agreed," Christian said dryly.

Kessen laughed. "I only fight dirty because I have to. Nick gave me no choice growing up, and Christian's too cocky for his own good. Duncan, sorry, but you're guilty by association."

"Hey, that's not fair!" Duncan put his hands on his hips. "You know, after learning more about you, it's easy to see why Christian adores you." He threw a challenging glance towards Christian. Christian felt his fists clench.

"I've been told I'm the better kisser between us. How about we give it a go? Just in case. I don't want you to think you have no options."

Christian jumped out of his seat, barreling towards Duncan. Lucky for Duncan he was able to hide behind a now panicking Nick. "You know," Duncan said from behind Nick. "I don't think I've ever seen him react that way before."

"Most peculiar," Nick pointed out calmly.

"Agreed."

"Well, time for bed!" Nick clasped his hands together, while Christian was still breathing heavily in front of him "Kessen, if you'll just follow me upstairs, I'll make sure your room is locked so nobody sneaks in during the night."

Christian rolled his eyes. "As if I have no self-control."

All three of them looked at him doubtfully.

"Oh, for the love of-"

"Language!" Duncan shouted, sounding exactly as Kessen had earlier that day.

Chapter Twenty

Kessen brushed a quick kiss on Christian's cheek. "Thanks for the date."

On pure instinct he crushed her to his chest and kissed her firmly on the lips, as if marking his territory in front of Duncan, even though he knew Duncan valued his pretty face too much to try anything.

"Until tomorrow," he whispered huskily.

Kessen looked dazed as Nick tried to push her up the stairs.

"Shoot, Christian, you didn't have to kiss her senseless. She probably doesn't even know where her room is," Nick grumbled as he led her away.

"You know I would never take advantage of her, right?" Duncan asked casually.

Christian fell silent for a moment. "Yes, I know I can trust you."

"But, if for any reason you back out of this, you should know I'm sweeping in for the kill. She's too much of a catch to let go. And if you let her go, my friend, you are a complete fool."

Duncan slapped his back and ran up the stairs, leaving Christian alone in his thoughts. If he was being honest with himself, that was the last place he wanted to be. Where he really wanted to be was in Kessen's room, leaving marks of his kisses all over her body.

He shuddered at the thought. The wisest course of action would be to take a cold shower, especially since he had six lonely nights ahead of him.

****

Kessen did, in fact, feel dazed as Nick graciously led her into her large bedroom at the end of the hallway. She collapsed onto her bed with a smile bigger than Texas plastered across her face.

"So, you love him, then?" Nick asked it in such a way, it was almost as if they were discussing the weather.

She sat up. "What would make you say that?"

Nick chuckled. "Oh, Kessen, where to begin? The kissing, the teasing, the flirting-it's like I'm back in middle school with you all over again."

"Except you don't have to fight off the boys anymore, Nick."

"Don't I, though?" His expression turned serious as he walked across the room with his hands in his hair. "I've never been good at letting you grow up."

"Are you going to turn all serious and sentimental on me?"

He flashed a wicked grin. "Never. But you're like a sister to me. Heck, you are my sister; as much as I tease you two, I really do want you to be happy. Even if it does mean that by protecting you from yourself, I am in fact taking my life into my own hands."

"What do you mean?"

Nick's gaze fell onto a sharp letter opener in the corner of the room. Oh, she mouthed, then looked down at her hands and laughed.

Nick laughed. "Remember the chocolate chip cookie incident?"

Her stomach coiled just thinking about it. "How could I forget?"

Nick sat down next to her and sighed. "Your mom said you couldn't have any more cookies, so you took it upon yourself to prove her wrong and eat the entire bag."

"I threw up for hours."

"I held your hair."

"You're a good friend."

He snorted. "Yeah, I know. Not many friends would do that for each other."

Nick grabbed her hand and sighed. Honestly, it was freaking Kessen out a bit. It was rare she saw the facade of "everything's funny and nothing is serious" Nick fall. It wasn't that he was faking it; he just did an excellent job of shielding his emotions. It was his one fault, or so Sammy said.

"I'm not letting you marry him if he doesn't love you back," he said almost in a whisper. Kessen felt her hand tense underneath his grasp. "It wouldn't be fair; I would never forgive myself if I didn't stop you from being stuck in a loveless marriage. You deserve so much more."

"Then why did you come?" she asked.

"I came to offer my support ... and to see for myself what was truly happening over here. Honestly, I could have supported a marriage based on mutual understanding, almost as if it were a business deal. I could handle that. But a marriage where one of you is head over heels and the other doesn't even care? I couldn't agree to letting you do that."

Kessen nodded in understanding. A business transaction was one thing; a heart being involved was quite another. "If you worry about Christian falling in love with me, you're going to age prematurely, and I know how you feel about wrinkles." She nudged him in the side.

His gaze penetrated to the depths of her soul. "What makes you think I'm more worried about you than Christian? I told you the chocolate chip cookie story for a reason. You tend to get greedy when you want something; it's what makes you a good businesswoman. It can also get you into trouble. Don't make this a competition. If you do, only one of you can come out a winner. And that, my dear, will put an end to your nuptials for sure."

"What exactly are you saying?" she asked, still confused.

He took an agonizingly long breath. "Kessen, I've never met a man more perfect for you in my entire life. If you screw this up, you're an idiot."

She punched him in the arm. "Then what was with all the talk about a loveless marriage and you being worried and stuff?"

He shrugged. "I wanted a reaction; instead you stared into space as if to give everything great thought. Seriously, you could do without thinking for a while, especially where Christian is concerned."

Nick kissed her on the forehead while simultaneously slapping her shoulder. "See you later, kiddo!"

The door closed behind him, and Kessen was alone with her thoughts yet again. Nick was trying to lure her into saying she loved Christian, but why? What was the big deal? They were already getting married; they had the paparazzi and her father's product launch to thank for that. Instead of mulling it over more, she took Nick's advice and cleared her head of all thoughts.

She changed into her bedclothes and drifted off to sleep, and her last conscious thought was that Nick hadn't locked her door.

****

A knocking penetrated Kessen's dream, which upset her mainly because it was filled with Christian's perfect face-fallen angel that he was. She mumbled a Spanish swear word before padding to the door.

Just as she reached for the knob, it opened, revealing Christian in only his pajama pants. It was like a gift from the sleep gods. She blinked a few times, just in case she was still dreaming.

"What time is it?" she finally asked, when he did nothing but continue to stare.

He shook his head. "Um, I don't know. Is it weird that I had to see you?"

She wanted to scream no then wrap her body sinfully around his, but instead she managed to shrug nonchalantly as if it was a normal occurrence for devastatingly handsome men to visit her bedroom in the wee hours of the night.

"We didn't have enough time. No. We don't have enough time, I mean..." He turned around towards the large fireplace and began building a fire.

"What I mean is..." He cursed. "Sorry, I just can't seem to articulate what I want to say in a way that sounds remotely smooth and calculated."

Kessen giggled and put her hand over her mouth when he shot her a menacing glare. "You were saying."

Christian's eyes turned black as he walked slowly to where she stood, pinning her between his body and the wall. Her only option would be to pretend to faint and hope she didn't get a concussion in the process. She decided to stand.

"I want us to be friends," he said against her face.

She suddenly felt ill. "So you don't..." It was hard to finish a sentence containing the most devastating blow she had ever received from the opposite sex.

"No, no, no!" he yelled, then kissed her furiously on the mouth and spoke against her lips. "It's not like that. I want-dear Kessen, you have no idea how much I want more than that. But I want more of you; I want to know you like Nick knows you. To be your friend and more. I want all of it. I don't think I would ever be happy with just one part of you."

It was the most romantic thing anyone had ever said to her in her entire life. It was easy to throw compliments at women; it was quite another thing to want her soul as well.

And then his lips were urgently pressed against hers. Here we go again, she thought, as she wrapped herself as tightly around his body as she could.

"Kessen-" he mumbled against her hair and jaw.

She felt somehow braver in the nightlight and let her tongue trail down his chin; he shuddered in response, opening her mouth to his tongue yet again. Their mouths danced as if they'd never kissed another soul but each other.

Their bodies matched a perfect rhythm of give and take until both of them were breathless.

"Ahem." A voice penetrated their passionate haze.

Kessen, suddenly mortified, clung to Christian for support, thinking his body would hopefully shadow her own. Actually, she just wanted to throw him under the bus so she could save herself.

"What have we here?" It was Nick's voice. She would bet her life on it. On second thought, maybe just Nick's life.

Christian swore under his breath so only Kessen could hear. "I, uh-"

"He sleep-walks!" Kessen blurted.

Christian's eyes widened. "Um, yes, and I tend to-"

"You tend to attack innocent women in your sleep?" Nick finished.

Kessen fake laughed and punched Christian playfully in the arm. "Ha! You know what they say."

Nick looked at her. "Oh, this should be good."

She didn't have time to respond before the door burst open again. "Lies! All of it lies!" It was Duncan, and he was dressed in all black. Actually, Nick was in all black too. What were they planning on doing? Compromising them more?

"What's a lie?" Christian asked innocently as he ground his teeth together.

"I will swear on my family inheritance, which is substantial, by the way," Duncan winked at Kessen meaningfully, "that Christian does not, nor has he ever, sleep-walked."

Christian swore.

Nick laughed.

Kessen gulped.

"Furthermore," Duncan said, stepping forward, "I find it odd he would be in this young lady's room at such a late hour. Do you really have such a hard time keeping your hands to yourself, young man?"

"Duncan, we're the same age. We-"

"Not a peep out of you!" Nick said, pointing his finger at Christian. "And you, young lady!" Nick turned towards Kessen. "For shame! You're just lucky your father wasn't here."

Both Duncan and Nick closed their eyes and shook their heads.

"It was just kissing!" Kessen said, then wished she wouldn't have, considering they were all adults, and it was a boldfaced lie.

"He's naked!" Nick yelled.

Duncan held up a robe in mock disdain. "Cover yourself this instant!"

Christian took the robe. "I'm wearing pants."

Nick started clapping. "Good for you! Just keep them on, will you?"

Duncan laughed.

Christian growled, and Kessen turned redder, if it was possible.

"We were testing you two," Nick informed them.

"And you failed," Duncan agreed, crossing his arms.

"I'll stand watch here," Nick whispered to Duncan. "But you need to go to the horny high schooler's room, so he doesn't escape again."

"Yes, brilliant," Duncan agreed.

"High schooler?" Kessen asked dumbly.

"Oh, we were referring to him." Nick threw a disapproving glance Christian's way.

"Now we are all settled, shall we sleep?" Duncan asked.

Christian smirked and winked at Kessen just as the boys began another lively discussion on door locks. She blushed and smiled back, squeezing his hand.

"Tomorrow," she said quietly. He nodded his head and left, but not before punching Duncan hard in the shoulder.

Nick shook his head, but it was easy to see he was in good humor. The little rat set them up on purpose. No matter, she would get her revenge on him someday. He saluted her and turned on his heel to leave the room. She heard the lock turn and laughed until she managed to fall into a deep sleep.

****

Christian however, was not sleeping. Who could sleep after a day or even a night like that? If this was what he had to look forward to for the rest of his life, he couldn't sign up fast enough. His body was burning as if on fire, and his mind was reeling with every single possibility of what could have happened with Kessen had Nick and Duncan not shown up with guns firing, literally.

How they managed to find the paintball guns Christian himself had so dutifully put under lock and key, he would never know.

He believed he loved her, but a girl like that would panic if he said anything. She would most likely hop on the first plane back to Colorado if he confessed his love after only a few days of knowing her. But he knew-he knew he was falling hard. After all, he had dated a lot of women, and none of those times had felt anything like this.

Though he was guilty of many things, he had never been one to panic.

Naturally, there was a first time for everything.

Chapter Twenty-One

The sun woke him up rather than his alarm. Christian groaned out loud as he quickly got ready then stepped out into the hall.

As per their earlier arrangement, Nick was lying across the floor in front of Christian's door. And Duncan, bless his twisted little heart, was sleeping with his paintball gun across the threshold of Kessen's door. Both of them snoring in unison as if they had been spent many years as an old married couple.

Christian's sluggish mind began mentally calculating how long it was before his coming nuptials. Five days didn't seem far away, and the ever-present panic began welling up inside his chest before he had time to stop it.

Marriage was inevitable, love was-oh no. It always came back to love, didn't it? His chest suddenly constricted. He felt as if Kessen had shot him three times in the front rather than the back. Whatever this feeling was, he needed to keep it to himself, or she would be on the first flight back to Colorado. He was just panicking, that was all.

He carefully stepped over the sleeping guards, opened Kessen's door, and peeked in.

"Kessen," he whispered "Kessen, are you in here?"

No response.

He looked toward the made bed then glanced at the bathroom door just as she was coming out, with only a towel on.

He panicked, not because of the towel, but because he didn't want her to think poorly of him for sneaking in her room twice within the past twelve hours.

"What are you doing here?" she squealed. "Nick's a light sleeper. If you don't watch out, you'll have more paintball welts than you can count."

"Your concern for me is endearing," he drawled. His mouth suddenly went dry as he noticed the sunlight reflecting off of her shiny skin.

He slowly turned his head to fully face the water nymph, clad in nothing but a giant towel and a scowl. Both of which looked more brilliant on her than anything he had ever seen in his life.

"Uh," he started to say, eloquently. "I was just looking for you."

Kessen grunted. "I figured you weren't lost."

He bit his lip, silently praying the pain would take away the already increasing desire to see her out of the towel and onto her bed.

His thoughts were not his own.

She lifted a questioning eyebrow in his direction as if to say, "Are you going to speak or just sit there and stare at me like an animal in heat?"

"I wanted to apologize and say I'm glad we came to an agreement last night." He suddenly felt twelve years old, which was further proven by the fact he broke eye contact and suddenly found grand interest in the way his shoe rubbed against the carpet.

His averted eyes didn't slow the ramming of his heart within his chest. Could she at least put on a robe or something?

Christian swallowed convulsively when he noticed the shadow on the floor creep toward him. She was moving closer; he began to smell the lemon soap she had so expertly applied to her body. He closed his eyes for a brief second before holding his breath.

"I need to get dressed." Her lips were inches from his.

Now she was just being cruel. He was obviously stronger than her; all he needed to do was take her by surprise and-

"Stop," she said, half smiling. "I know what you're thinking."

"Oh dear girl, you have no idea what I'm thinking. If you did, you'd lock yourself in that bathroom and pray for my black soul." He broke into a wide grin, obviously throwing her off balance.

"Well, I-" She cleared her throat. "Nevertheless, I need to get dressed, and you shouldn't be in here. All I need to do is scream, and Nick and Duncan will implant paintballs into your already damaged back. We wouldn't want an accident now, would we?"

"You wouldn't dare," he challenged.

She cleared her throat again and opened her mouth.

Christian slapped his hand across it and whispered into her ear, "Scream, and I'm pulling your towel off right now; I don't care who sees."

Her eyes molded into tiny slits.

"Good girl. Now get dressed. We have a big day ahead of us." He strolled out of the room, leaving a bit more confident than when he arrived.

He had the upper hand; he just needed to keep it that way.

Christian left Kessen's room and carefully maneuvered himself so his foot would smack the top of Duncan's head. It worked splendidly. Duncan cursed as Christian removed the boot, and before anyone knew what was going on, Christian had shot the gun in the direction of Nick's chest. He only meant to graze him, but unfortunately his thoughts had been elsewhere, same as his aim.

It ended up knocking Nick in the arm, sending a stream of expletives into the air that Christian silently hoped nobody else could hear.

"What'd you do that for?" Nick yelled.

Christian laughed. "Duncan, I can't believe you would shoot a sleeping man!"

Duncan just stared between the two, flabbergasted as to what just happened. He was still rubbing his head when Nick lifted his paintball gun.

"Not in the house!"

Duncan's speech was cut off by a howling of gigantic proportions. Nick's shot was spot-on. And Christian figured by the looks of it Duncan would be walking funny for about a week; hopefully the bruising to his kneecap wouldn't be substantial. But then again, both of them had interrupted his sweet interlude with Kessen the night before.

And one of them had had the audacity to call him a raw-boned high schooler, as if they hadn't ever had an impure thought in their lives.

He chuckled and skipped down the stairs before either of them could figure out what just took place. His laughing was put to a bitter end, though, when he plopped into his chair and his spine made contact with the back.

A scream of pain that was anything but masculine escaped his lips just as Kessen graced the table with her presence.

"Constipated?" she asked sweetly as she took a cup of coffee.

He felt hot tears welling up in his throat as he paused to catch a breath. Who knew paintball bruises could be so painful?

"No, just thinking about kissing you."

"Aw, how sweet. You're so desperate for my touch you scream. I'm honored." She winked as Christian thought about several different ways to cause her physical harm without being found guilty in a court of law.

In desperation, he threw a muffin at her face, hoping it would at least shut her up while he wallowed in more pain. She ducked, and the muffin hit the wall.

"Food fight at eight a.m.?" Duncan limped into the dining room.

Nick walked in with an ice pack on his arm and pushed past Duncan, causing him to nearly trip. Kessen quickly got up to help him to his seat.

"Oh, Kessen. Thanks. It's kind of you to help me." Duncan smiled sweetly at Kessen, and then kissed her on the cheek.

"Are you hurt badly, Duncan?"

He nodded and made eye contact with Christian.

"It hurts here." He pointed to a spot on his leg.

Kessen bent down to look at where he was pointing.

Christian's thoughts turned murderous as Duncan's face took on a whole new form of smugness. "Yes. Right there, Kessen," he said, as if he were on the verge of crying. Kessen leaned down and kissed Duncan's knee.

Christian cursed, and Nick was still refusing to make eye contact with anyone. In his defense, he did have a bruised head and arm from Christian, even though he assumed it had been Duncan.

"Does this feel better?" Kessen asked as she lifted Duncan's leg and rested it on a chair.

"Much. Thank you!"

"Let me see." She lifted up his pant leg then grabbed some ice from the nearby cart. She applied some of it to his knee and put a towel over it.

"Your touch is all the healing I need," Duncan said huskily as he grabbed Kessen's hand and kissed it. In Christian's opinion, he basically mauled it. Was that tongue?

He pushed back his chair just as Duncan dropped her hand and began eating. Christian looked around for something sharper than a knife, but not before Kessen came to his side of the table and removed all pointy objects. "I think it best to keep these away from you in your current state of imbalance."

"She means you're a fool." Nick piped up.

Duncan laughed, and Kessen patted Christian on the head as if to say, "Good boy. Now eat your food."

Christian sat down and scowled.

"By the way, everything's in order," Nick said to no one in particular.

"Good," Duncan answered.

"Oh, so we are talking now?"

Duncan threw a grape in his direction. "Yes. I have a suspicion Christian was somehow involved in the latest attacks."

"Agreed," Nick said, nodding his head. "Today we have badminton set up, as well as a hike around the grounds, and trivia questions in the evening. Any questions?"

"When did we sign up for the senior citizen cruise?" Christian ridiculed.

"Well, you are losing your hair," Duncan said, not answering his question.

"Am not!" he shouted, and then looked to Kessen for help. The little traitor shrugged and sipped her coffee. Christian suddenly felt the need to look into a mirror and make sure nobody had shaved his head in the middle of the night.

Not able to handle the averted eyes any longer, Christian jumped from his chair and found the nearest mirror. He heard high fives and laughter in the background.

"Told you he would fall for it!" Duncan snickered.

Every hair was in perfect place. Christian hated to admit he was worried they had removed his favorite physical attribute. It had always been a great fear he would one day lose his hair and teeth. Only Duncan knew that.

He should guard his secrets a little better.

Walking back to the table, he took a detour and slapped Duncan behind the head, then took his seat.

"I expected that, therefore fully braced for impact," Duncan said sternly.

Nick nodded his head, giving the impression that he was saying "Good man, good man."

And Kessen found sudden interest in her pudding.

"No!" Nick shouted as he jumped across the table. Dishes went everywhere, tea was on the floor, and the coffee was now searing Christian's hands.

The whole thing happened in slow motion. One minute Nick was eating silently, the next he was shouting and slapping pudding out of Kessen's hands.

"What the-" Christian looked at the mess. Nick was sprawled across the table with Kessen's spoon in his hand, and Duncan's mouth was formed into the biggest smile Christian had ever seen.

"You know, Christian, I think we should have brought in Americans a long time ago! This is fun!" Duncan clapped his hands, and then straightened as Christian sent him a searing look.

He closed his eyes. "Do I even want to know?"

Nick was the first to answer. "She's allergic."

"To pudding?" Christian mocked.

Nick rolled his eyes. "No, genius. Not to pudding, to bananas. She breaks out in crazy hives and starts sneezing, then gets basically wasted out of her mind on allergy medication to get rid of the side effects."

"Attractive," Christian commented, locating his tipped-over chair and tea.

Kessen pushed the pudding away. "I thought it was vanilla."

"Sure you did," Nick said hotly.

"What's that supposed to mean?" she yelled

"It means, Kessen," he said her name with disdain, "last time you ate banana pudding you used the same excuse, and it was to get out of going on that field trip to the cheese factory. The same field trip I was forced to partner with Brady Johnson; he nearly killed me!"

Kessen shook her head. "He exaggerates."

"I am most certainly not exaggerating! He pushed me, Kessen, pushed me into the giant tub of cream. I couldn't breathe, Kessen, and you know I'm lactose intolerant!"

Duncan snorted in the background.

Kessen rolled her eyes. "Nick, I think you're making a big deal out of it. Didn't you get special treatment from Nurse Betty for a month?"

Christian coughed. "Nurse Betty?"

Nick turned towards him. "Yeah, she was hot."

"Sounds like it."

Kessen groaned. "Men are pigs."

"Am I truly that bad of an option that you would rather choose allergic shock over spending the afternoon with me?" Christian asked.

"He has a point," Duncan said.

"I second the point made by Christian and agree with Duncan," Nick said, saluting both men.

Kessen looked stuck. "Fine! But I hate hiking."

Nick's smile turned smug. "She really does. One time this bee followed her the entire way up the mountain, and then the entire way down. She finally found her courage and forgot about it, then it stung her in the a-"

"As I was saying." Kessen cleared her throat. "I don't like hiking. But then again, I'm the only uninjured party. How hard can it be?"

Nick winked. Christian licked his lips, avoiding eye contact, and Duncan gave her an innocent shrug.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Kessen hated being wrong. Hated being the key word. Her heart was filled with hate as Christian whistled next to her, as if he hadn't a care in the world, when at any moment they could plunge to their deaths. Did nobody care?

"Careful," Christian said as he pulled her closer to the rock.

"This isn't hiking." Her teeth were clenched, so she was surprised he actually understood the words coming out of her mouth.

"What makes you think that?"

"I live in Colorado, Christian! I know what hiking is. I know what mountains are! There are trails, and birds, and trees and-"

A rock suddenly slipped from beneath her foot, causing her to momentarily stop talking.

"And?" he prompted.

"And I don't know! You don't have to wear special harnesses, and it's actually fun, and you don't sweat, and you don't get gross, and ... oh no! Christian, don't move!"

He paused and looked at her as if she had lost her mind. Which for argument's sake, she was getting ready to admit to. Who in their right mind would actually scale a rock wall in hopes of seeing a waterfall that was merely rumored to exist?

Oh, that's right, Duncan and Nick.

The same Duncan and Nick who, upon further inspection, were never planning on climbing in the first place, considering they forgot their gear and could only send two people up at a time.

She closed her eyes and willed the tears to stay inside her lids.

"It's so big!" she yelled, still clutching the rock wall.

She felt Christian's hot body pressed against hers. "I do get that quite a lot, in fact-"

"Stop talking!" she yelled.

"It's an ant," he whispered into her ear.

"It's huge."

"It won't bite you."

"It's red, Christian!"

"At least you have your sight. Bravo," he mocked behind her. She could still feel his body pressing hers against the rock. If she hadn't been so freaked out, she would have enjoyed the feeling. Instead she was trying to remember the documentary she had watched on the history channel about fire ants.

"Kessen," Christian whispered into her ear again.

She shook her head.

"Kessen, do you think I would let anything happen to you?"

She hadn't thought about it; she shook her head no, because honestly, he wouldn't let anything happen to her. He would rather let himself get hurt than see her even cry. He was just that type of man-a man she could respect, and possibly even...

It always came back to love.

But he would never love her back, and he would say she was crazy. Love after only a few days? Maybe she had lost her mind.

"It's gone." He released her body from his hold, leaving her suddenly feeling cold and alone. She had half a mind to find the ant and demand it torture her, so she could feel Christian's warm embrace again.

A quick glance down at Duncan and Nick, both of whom were eating licorice and playing with sticks as if they were swords, infuriated her. "A little help up here!" she yelled.

"Oh, sure," Nick answered from below, giving them more rope, so she could walk along the hazardous edge.

"Remind me why we are doing this again?" Her voice was cracking with fear; she hated heights.

Christian's hand went firmly around her waist. "We are here scaling this monstrous rock, because our friends thought it would be a good team-building exercise, since you are so prone to physical violence in regular sports."

"In theory a good idea," she said dryly.

"In theory," he agreed, laughing. "I think we only have a few more steps before the rumored waterfall."

She nodded and felt him give her another nudge up the rock as she pulled herself to the top and sat. It was a breathtaking view of a ridiculous amount of landscape. It wasn't breathtaking enough to help her forget just how high they were, but it was enough for her to appreciate the feat she had just accomplished. How was it that Nick and Duncan had managed to find the one giant rock wall in an area covered with more rolling green land than hills was beyond her. A very small part of her mind said there was no waterfall at the other end of their little adventure, and they merely did this to vex her.

Christian pulled himself up next to her. She couldn't help but admire the cords of muscle which lined his biceps and forearms. Maybe he took drugs, or maybe he had good genes. Hmm ... good genes meant good bloodlines, which equaled strong, healthy kids.

Her eyes widened in shock as she mentally scolded herself. What she needed was a good slap. What was she thinking? Kids? With Christian? She blushed as he turned to throw her one of his devastating smiles.

"I would love to know what caused the beautiful blush now gracing your cheeks," he said, out of breath.

"I, uh..."

"Always such eloquent speech, America."

"So we're back to the nicknames?" she asked.

"Only when you butcher my language." He took a sip of water and lay down.

Her gaze traveled across his broad chest down to his abdominals.

"If you want me to take off my shirt, you can just ask, Kessen."

"Please," she mocked and turned away.

"Are you asking, or are you mocking?" His lips tickled her ear in an annoyingly flirty way.

"I'm-"

"No way!" He pushed off the rock and laughed. "There it is! Apparently, our friends are good for something!"

She turned to see what he was looking at and gasped. A beautiful waterfall was hiding behind a few trees near some rock caves that looked suspiciously man-made. She laughed and didn't even mind when Christian pulled her to his side for an embrace.

"It's stunning!" she murmured.

"Care for a swim?" He looked down at her questioningly.

"Sure!" The word was out before she could think twice.

And then Christian's shirt came off.

All bets went out the window.

If he noticed the blush creeping up her cheeks, and her eyes which were now bugging out, he was too much of a gentleman to say anything.

He went running toward the waterfall, leaving Kessen no choice but to chase after him, something in hindsight she should have put more thought into, especially considering the fact that once she reached the waterfall she couldn't find him.

"Christian?" she called, getting closer and closer to the edge. "Christian?"

"Gotcha!" He grabbed her from behind sending her into near hysterics. She pushed him away, but could only pry her one arm free. She began pinching him.

"Doesn't hurt, doesn't hurt!" he protested through clenched teeth. "Mind over matter!"

Stubborn man.

"How about a compromise?" he asked.

"What kind of compromise?"

"You take off your clothes for a swim, and I won't push you in."

"I am not skinny-dipping with you!" She started punching his chest with her free hand.

"Settle down!" he snapped, pulling her hand away from his chest. "I didn't say get naked, did I?"

The man had a point.

"You did wear a swimsuit underneath, just in case. Correct?"

She blushed wildly. In all her rage, she had forgotten she had in fact worn a swimsuit that morning just in case there was a waterfall. Granted, it was a bikini, but a swimsuit nonetheless.

"So?" he released her arms.

"Turn around," she ordered.

He let out a snort. "You're kidding, right? The world has seen what you look like in a swimsuit. I don't see why this is any different?"

She crossed her arms.

"Fine." He turned around and stripped down to his euro shorts.

Kessen tried not to stare, but the man was wearing tiny shorts-tiny shorts which would have otherwise made her laugh out loud, because they were so ugly and feminine-looking. But they didn't look that way on Christian. Not at all. Christian looked like a better version of James Bond.

It made her want to fight crime with him, which was an altogether weird thought. Kessen tried to calm herself as she stripped down to her bikini. It was white with gold clasps on the bottoms and top. It was almost Grecian in appearance; of course, there was much more material on a Grecian dress, or at least she assumed so.

"You can look now," she said, putting her hair up into a ponytail.

The only good thing about the situation was, she knew she had a nice body. Granted Christian also had a nice body, but it would be good to be able to torture him for a change, rather than the other way around.

She wasn't sure what she expected, but it was a lot more than what she got, which was a brief shoulder shrug and then his back turned toward her.

He actually turned away; he didn't even look.

It made her want to try harder, despite the fact she knew it was an unwise course of action. She followed Christian carefully into the water, then paused; it was colder than she thought it would be. What she wouldn't do for a hot spring!

On the last step, when Christian turned around to look at her, she tripped. It was supposed to be on purpose but ended up being by total accident, which made it look better than she had intended. Christian, always the hero, grabbed her before she went headfirst into the water. Her chest was now pressed against his. The plan wasn't working how she had hoped. Instead of him being affected, she felt it was only her.

Her breathing had become so ragged, she was afraid she would pass out. Thankfully, Christian had enough good sense to let her go; otherwise, she would have mauled him right there in the middle of the water.

Didn't he want her? What was wrong with him? He was more interested in her when she was fully clothed! Was it all a game? Did he want nothing to do with her? Was she not what he expected? Never in her life had she felt more insecure. She wrapped her arms around her middle and sat near the rock furthest from Christian.

****

She was insane. It was the only possible explanation for her behavior. Had she no clue the effect she had on him? He was quite honestly ready to take her right there underneath the waterfall, which he knew was probably not the most moral thing to do; nevertheless, he was a man, and sometimes men thought things they should not think.

Apparently, his brain was making a habit of thinking things it should not, especially in regards to Kessen. His earlier comment about seeing other women was said only out of anger and pure fear of the feelings she stirred within him.

He hoped to get a rise out of her; instead, she didn't even put up a fight. She merely stripped down to her bikini and told him she was ready. He only needed a quick glance in her direction to confirm the pictures he had seen of her before hadn't been retouched. In fact, she looked better in person, if it was even possible.

Her skin was a perfect tan against her white suit, and he could have sworn he saw sunlight pierce the clouds in the sky, highlighting only her, as if God was saying, "Take her; she's all yours!"

How he wished it were true. The only reason he was able to even touch her after she fell strategically into his arms, was because he kept imagining all the horrible things that would happen to him if someone caught him ravishing the poor girl.

Her grandmother would probably cut off anything which wasn't vital for his survival, and her father would probably fire him.

His father, however, would give him a cigar and a stiff drink and say, "Good job, son. I always knew you could do it." But then again, his father's moral compass didn't exactly point due north.

Cursing himself for not being able to control his more carnal nature, he pushed the thoughts of her swimsuit out of his head and simultaneously moved as far away from Kessen as he could.

"This isn't going to work," he growled.

"I'm sorry?" she asked weakly.

"This, us-swimming. It isn't going to work."

Her gaze darted around the small area. "Because there isn't any space?"

"No," he groaned, splashing the cold water onto his face. "Because my body is on fire. It's on fire, Kessen."

Obviously not getting his hidden meaning, she scooted from her rock to sit next to him, as if she could somehow help him. She really was clueless.

"What do you mean?"

He sighed and turned to face her. She was a foot away from him; there was still time for him to react, still time for him to push her away. All he needed to do was come up with a lame excuse about finding Nick and Duncan, but when he opened his mouth to speak nothing came out.

She licked her pink lips and tilted her head as if asking him a question.

"I-" He started talking, but again the words wouldn't come.

"Use your words," she urged jokingly.

She licked her lips again and leaned closer.

"Forget it," he muttered as he grabbed her and hungrily possessed her with a kiss. It obviously caught her off guard, and she didn't respond for at least ten seconds.

Then, the fire he had been talking about spread to her, and they were both lost in its flames. He pulled her into his lap and took complete control of the situation.

They were alone; Nick and Duncan weren't coming. Nobody was there to interrupt them, and he could do whatever he wanted.

His hands moved to the back of her swimsuit. It was suddenly clear he was faced with a dilemma.

He could break the trust of everyone he held dear by allowing his hands to do what they had been wanting to do since meeting Kessen, or he could keep her purity intact and wait five days, five whole days, to have his way with her.

Wars were fought over such decisions.

Her soft moan against his lips decided for him, and his hands roamed to her backside, pulling her close. Then, through a hazy cloud of lust, he heard someone yelling his name.

It was, he thought, purely a figure of his imagination.

That is, until a hand slapped him on the back of the head.

"Hands off!" Nick yelled.

Duncan was next to him with a camera, laughing. "I'm shocked. I had you working much faster than that, Christian. You are off your game, aren't you, old boy?"

Kessen, who had been clueless as to their approach, looked up and blushed, then hid her head in Christian's chest. He had half a mind to drown both Duncan and Nick for interrupting them.

"How did you get up here so fast?" Christian asked. "Wait, how did you get up here? We didn't have enough supplies."

Duncan suddenly took great interest in the sky, the dull, overcast sky.

"Duncan," Christian ground out through clenched teeth.

Nick laughed and slapped Duncan on the back.

"Duncan!" Christian yelled louder this time.

His friend held his ground. "In my defense, I thought it would be good for the two of you to bond without us watching. Both of you are so stubborn, we had to trick you to even go off on your own, considering you're so terrified of one another."

Christian's hands froze on Kessen's shoulders.

"Terrified?" she said curiously.

"Oh yes, I've actually never seen Christian like this. Normally, he's very smooth. I mean, he could seduce a happily married woman into signing over her will and house to him if he wanted to. But you've knocked him off his game; his confidence is wavering."

Christian groaned.

"In fact, I was almost worried he didn't know how to seduce a woman anymore. I did teach him everything he knows."

"Really?" Kessen asked, suddenly intrigued. "What did you teach him, Duncan?"

Duncan, all smiles, answered, "You know that trick where he kisses down your neck and moves his hands just so-oh wait, here, I have it on camera."

Christian swore.

"Let me rewind it."

Nick was laughing in the background, obviously pleased with this sudden turn of events.

"Got it. Okay, so look where his hands are." Duncan pointed to the recording. "Now as he slips them down the side of your arm, he uses that time to distract you by biting your bottom lip. Do you see that? Now as he bites you, and you respond-because what woman wouldn't?-he wraps his other hand behind you and begins ... well, you know..."

Kessen turned her head to the side. "No, I don't, Duncan. Why don't you tell me."

Duncan smiled triumphantly, then whispered into her ear, "He tries to take off whatever you're wearing, of course."

Christian had heard enough. It happened faster than he would have expected, what with the reaction time of Kessen and Duncan put together. His fist went sailing into the air, punching Duncan square in the jaw. Unfortunately, Kessen also went flying out of his lap and into the water. She was now fully drenched and most likely freezing.

"What was that for?" Duncan shouted.

Nick shook his head. "What do you think? You've totally ruined his only move."

"That is not my only move!" Christian yelled.

"So you admit it's a move then?" Nick stated.

Christian paled, Kessen yelled, and Duncan was still yelping.

"I think I've had enough of nature for today." Christian pulled Kessen up from her watery fall. "How about we go back home and play that trivia game you guys were talking about?"

Nick and Duncan smiled triumphantly at one another. "It was a fantastic plan, Duncan," Nick said.

"I thought so too! It worked out quite well. It was kind of us to let them kiss for a while."

Nick's smile froze on his face. "She's like a sister to me. There will be no more prolonged kissing. Did you see the look in his eyes, Duncan? He had half a mind to ravish her right underneath the waterfall!"

"He does lack a certain class," Duncan agreed.

Christian exhaled roughly, running his hands through his damp hair "I'm still here, and so is Kessen."

Kessen had her arms crossed over her chest; she looked like a drowned rat and kept mumbling inappropriate things towards all three of them under her breath.

Duncan put the camera away and motioned for Nick. "Do you think we should tell them about the other trail?"

Nick shrugged. "Not telling them does have its appeal."

As they were lost in thought, Kessen emerged from the water shivering and approached Nick with a death glare.

"If you don't show me the quickest way out of this Godforsaken place, I'm going to kill you."

"I think she means it," Christian said, joining her.

Duncan put his arm on Nick and whispered, "Remember, she's hardly had any coffee. Tread carefully, my friend. Carefully."

Nick put his hands on Kessen's shoulders. "If this is about the bee-"

"It's not about the bee," she snapped.

"Then it's about us tricking you into scaling the rock wall? Or maybe for betting on the fact that Christian wouldn't remember his great-grandfather had this little rock haven built. Such an avid outdoorsmen he was." Duncan sighed.

Kessen's teeth were chattering. "It's for interrupting every single time we-"

Nick stood his ground. "Every single time you what, Kessen? I'm curious."

"Ahhhh! Just show us how to get down!"

"After you," Nick said, holding his hands out in front of him. Kessen, head held high-bless her heart-nearly tripped, she was so eager to make her way down the mountain.

Christian followed, all the while trying to contemplate ways he could steal the camera in Duncan's hand without breaking anything of importance on his friend's body.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Kessen was shaken, and it wasn't because she had spent the last two hours climbing a death rock. No, it was because every time she was in Christian's infuriating presence, she felt like her body was a live wire.

They had no restraint.

Not that either of them was doing a particularly good job of trying to restrain themselves. It was unnerving to know how much power he had over her and vice versa. Granted, it would be nice to have such passion in a marriage, but what happened when passion was no longer enough? What happened when Kessen was stuck in a marriage where she feared she would be the only one in love?

She mocked women in books who complained about unrequited love, but now that it was staring her in the face, it was the most terrifying thing she had ever experienced. How did one recover from the fact that for the rest of their lives they would be in a one-ended relationship where the other party cared nothing for your heart, only for your body?

In Christian's defense, he hadn't actually said as much. But then again, it was impossible and painfully embarrassing to ask someone if they loved you after only knowing them a few days. She let her thoughts frustrate her as she walked along the path.

What took her two hours to climb, took her ten minutes to walk, making her more and more convinced that Nick and Duncan needed to be shot.

By the time she reached the house, she had pulled ahead of the rest of the group. She ran upstairs to shower and get changed. It was too much to ask of her to even put on nice clothes, especially since the ball would be the following night, so she put on her pink sweats and went into the dining room.

Christian was already sitting at the table with hot coffee waiting for her. He had it in front of him though; she could tell by the smell it was strong.

She wanted it, possibly more than she had wanted Christian earlier, which was saying something. She had never felt more passionate in her life than when he was holding her in the small pool.

"Ah, so you've seen the peace offering." His eyes crinkled into a smile. He was beautiful and obviously tired, since he was wearing a warm-up outfit. Lucky for him, he still looked like a Greek god.

"Where are Nick and Duncan?" she asked suspiciously, looking around the room. "I'm half expecting them to pop out of the corner with that stupid video camera."

Christian chuckled. "Oh, I sent them on an errand."

"An errand?" she asked raising an eyebrow.

"Yes, it will be quite a while before they return. It's possible it will take all night."

She sat down, leaning in towards his face. "What did you do?"

The corners of his mouth broke out into a large grin. "Oh, I just told them you forgot your dress back in town, and they needed to fetch it along with matching shoes, a purse, and a new swimsuit."

"Oh, that's all then?"

"I bet even your metro-sexual friend will struggle with that tall of an order."

"Ah yes, Nick does have issues with shopping, though it pains him to admit it considering he adores fashion. He can't help that he's colorblind." She shrugged thoughtfully.

"Or that he and Duncan both forgot their wallets." Christian held up two leather wallets and shrugged. "They'll have to go to the bank, and it closes in exactly one hour. They will just barely miss it. Naturally, they'll need to spend the night."

Kessen couldn't help but laugh. "I really like you right now."

He winked.

It's possible she nearly fell out of her chair. The man could be charming when he put his mind to it.

"So," he said, scooting the coffee closer to her. "They still have the trivia game set up. I thought you and I could cook some dinner and spend some time together."

Kessen felt more excited than a girl her age should feel about spending a night indoors rather than out on the town. "It sounds perfect."

Christian suddenly seemed nervous, "Kessen, I-"

"Here we go again," she muttered under her breath. He had a tendency to stutter when he got serious.

"Excuse me?" he said, amused.

"Oh, sorry. I didn't think you could hear me. It's just your speech usually takes a hit whenever you try to have serious talks with me."

Christian looked embarrassed. "It's not something I'm proud of."

"I don't recall saying you should be proud," she clarified.

"Fair enough." He looked wounded. "It's just I feel bad. I honestly don't know what's wrong with me." He put his hand over her mouth. "And you're crazy if you think I'm going to stop there and leave it wide open for you to insult me."

She shrugged guiltily.

"I like you." He whispered the words slowly, almost too slowly. Her eyes snapped up to meet his. He took another deep breath. "I really like you, and I'm obviously attracted to you; then again, I'm certain every male in the universe is, but I haven't been fair to you. I shouldn't just maul you or try to think of ways to compromise you any more than I already have, and I'm sorry. I haven't been acting ... like a gentleman."

Now, in any romance novel, this was the place where the girl was supposed to swoon and scream her undying love for the man, but Kessen was not in a romance novel, and she wasn't just any girl. Some girls swoon; other girls get embarrassed.

Kessen, however, had never felt so lustful in her entire life. For some reason, while his confession should have made her feel protected and cherished, it did more than that. It made her want to maul him herself. Maybe it was all the cold water, maybe she had a fever, or maybe-just maybe-she felt the same way, and he was the only one brave enough to admit it.

There was suddenly an electric shift in the room, as if the electrical currents were now pulsating with their hearts. Kessen swallowed as he removed his hand from her mouth. She didn't count how many seconds she spent staring at him, but it was more than was socially acceptable. He didn't break eye contact either. In fact, neither of them moved, probably for fear of what would happen. They were totally without chaperones, and they knew-both of them knew-what they felt was fierce.

"Ummm." Her voice was cracking, but what did he expect? She was pulsing with desire. "I think we should make dinner now."

"Right," was his answer, but he didn't move. Instead he continued to stare.

She broke the spell by getting up, although for some reason it had become extremely difficult to walk in a straight line. Good Lord, she was acting like she was drunk!

Somehow her body found the kitchen, even though her mind was clearly inebriated. Unfortunately for her, she could feel the magnetism of Christian's presence directly behind her. Did the man have to walk so close to her? It was hard enough breathing the same air without jumping on him. She hadn't been one to date much. Maybe this was what happened when girls stayed single for too long.

She opened the pantry and scanned the contents. "What do you feel like?" Kessen turned to face him and noticed his visible pause. His eyes furrowed into intense thought as he ran his hands through his dark hair.

"What about spaghetti?"

Kessen turned back around to look for some sauce. "Aha!" She pulled it out. "Nothing beats Ragu Old World style." She held the prized sauce into the air in triumph, while Christian laughed.

"Pasta?" he asked, washing his hands in the nearby sink.

"You mean noodles?"

"The word noodles spits in the face of actual pasta; it's a deplorable American word."

"Fine," she said, searching the pantry. "What about penne pasta?"

"Good enough," His hands reached to turn the stove on. Within minutes he had boiling water and penne pasta cooking.

Kessen took it upon herself to locate some wine while Christian went to work on the food. She found an old bottle of port and poured a small glass for each of them. "Is it done yet?"

"Does it look like it's done yet?" he countered.

"No."

"Then no, it's not done yet."

"You obviously need to do something about your blood sugar levels. You're like a bear when you don't eat."

She swallowed another sip of port and smiled sweetly as he scowled in her direction, then mumbled something under his breath that sounded a lot like, "Insufferable women who talk too much."

"Let's bring the game in here!" she said, changing the subject entirely.

"What?" he asked.

"The game. Let's bring it in here to play while we cook."

He eyed her suspiciously, and then nodded. "Okay, go ahead. But no looking at the answers when you bring the board in. I don't like cheaters."

"Funny. I thought it would be the only way you could win anything." She blew him a kiss and trotted off, but not before she felt a wooden spoon hit the back of her leg on her way out. Served her right for mocking him. Apparently, she was rubbing off on the almost duke, who was now resorting to throwing objects at her. Oddly, the thought made her smile.

She returned half a minute later with the little trivia game the boys had set up for them. It discussed embarrassing moments; puberty-that she didn't want to know about-first kisses, favorite colors, and scariest adventures, et cetera. They had obviously outdone themselves.

Christian was already pouring the sauce over the noodles when she got back. The aroma alone nearly did her in, and she was positively ravenous.

"Is it done now?" she pleaded.

He smiled. "Yes, America. It's done. Now, sit still; you're making your food nervous."

"My food? Nervous?"

He rolled his eyes. "When you're not talking, you're moving. When you're not moving, you're talking. It's quite distracting. Remember when I talked about just being?"

She nodded her head, not at all sure she liked where he was going with this particular topic of conversation.

"So, tonight for dinner, you will experience it rather than simply consume it as quickly as possible. Not everything is a competition."

"Is too," she grumbled.

That earned her a pointed and judgmental look from Christian. Kessen merely shrugged her shoulders in return and did as he asked, or at least tried to do as he asked. She wasn't perfect, after all.

She sat on the bar stool and watched to her utter horror as Christian grabbed a napkin and covered her eyes, tying it around her head.

Kessen exhaled loudly as the blindfold molded tightly around her head, leaving her in the dark. It made her want to throw the pasta in Christian's face, but that would be wasteful, and she was ravenously hungry.

"Now." His voice held amusement. "I'll let you take a bite each time you get an answer right. When you answer incorrectly, I'll take a bite."

She laughed. "Like taking candy from a baby."

Again, she could have sworn she heard him mumble something highly inappropriate under his breath, but she could have been imagining it.

He cleared his throat. "Question one."

"Give it to me," she said competitively.

"Christian, that's me, has one dog and a cat. What are their names, and why did he name them what he did? You have exactly three minutes to make your guess."

"First of all, I don't need three minutes. And second, be ready to lose."

He laughed and waited.

"You have one dog named Mr. Churchill, because at one point you wanted to be prime minister. Your cat is a Siamese whom you named Mrs. Wigglesworth, after the nanny who used to take care of you when you were young. Oh, and Christian, I believe that was under twenty seconds. Just a guess though."

No answer. It was as if he had disappeared.

And then a giant spoonful of food was shoved into her mouth, splashing marinara sauce all over on her chin and nose. She ate it anyway, then smiled sweetly and leaned in for Christian to wipe her face.

"Question two. This is my question," he said.

"Wait. What about my face?"

"What about it?"

"I have sauce on it!" she accused.

"And?"

"I want it off."

"Sorry. That's not part of the game. You'll have to wait, America. As I was saying, Question two, my question. There are three things that make Kessen cry, all of which are irrational. What are these things and why?"

Kessen laughed. "Good luck. You have three minutes, champ."

"Number one, you cry when you watch Extreme Makeover Home Edition, because it makes you happy that people who work hard for others get rewarded."

"Lucky guess," she muttered, crossing her arms.

"Number two, you cry when you watch any Disney movie. But the one that makes you the saddest is The Little Mermaid, because when you were young, you wanted to be a mermaid, and your father said you couldn't. Number three is when you see old people stand up at church on Veteran's Day. It makes you cry because they proudly served their country."

Kessen didn't say anything. She was too angry, and what she wanted to say wouldn't have been appropriate for even a man to say out loud.

"Did I get close, Kessen?" he sneered.

"How'd you know?" she stammered.

"Nick. And where did you get your information?"

"Duncan, of course."

He gave her a pointed glare. "It seems we've both done our homework. May the best man win."

"Indeed," she seethed. "My turn. Read my question."

"Question three. This one's for you, Kessen. How many girlfriends has Christian had, and did he kiss all of the girlfriends in question?"

Kessen felt short of breath. She remembered quizzing Duncan quickly about such matters but had no idea what the actual number was. Where was an internet search engine when she needed it? "Okay. You ... you have had seven girlfriends, and you only kissed six."

It was either seven or eight girlfriends; she erred on it being less than she thought.

"And why did I only kiss six?" he asked.

He had her there, but honestly a man like Christian would only kiss a girl if he was attracted to her. "Because you weren't attracted to her; therefore, you didn't want to lead her on!" she blurted.

She could feel his scowl and assumed it was as such, considering the force with which he put the spoonful of pasta towards her face.

"Thanks," she muttered between chewing. Even though she was wearing more sauce than she was eating, she had to admit it did taste good. Christian was obviously a talented chef.

"Next question?" he asked, interrupting her thoughts of sauce and cooking.

"Hit me with it. And just so you know, I mean the question, not the spaghetti sauce. If there is even any sauce left! I'm wearing half of it on my face."

"More than half, I'd say." He chuckled. "Okay, America. Here is the question for me. How many boyfriends has Kessen had and did she kiss any of them?"

His words came out slower in the end, almost as if he was questioning what he was reading.

"Um, Kessen?"

Kessen attempted to hum, so she wouldn't hear what she thought he was going to say.

"What does the question mean by any of them?"

"I'm sorry. Kessen's not here right now. If you would just leave your name, number, and a short-"

"Kessen!" he snapped.

She felt her shoulders slump in defeat. "I'm going to kill Nick."

"Because...?"

She huffed. "Because he's the only one who actually knows the answer to that question and because it's mortifying!"

"So, I'll still need to answer it, then?" he asked.

"Yes."

"You've dated three men, two of which were blind dates set up by Nick. And honestly, Kessen, I'm going to have to forfeit the rest of the question and say you win. I have no idea how many of them you kissed or didn't kiss."

"Not even a guess?"

"All of them?" His voice held a high amount of optimism, making her feel more like a loser than she would have liked.

She sighed loudly. "No. None of them."

Silence.

And then laughter, lots and lots of laughter.

"It's not funny, Christian!"

"I'm s-s-sorry." His voice shook with amusement. "It's just that that means your first and only kiss was from your best friend! Poor Nick!"

The laughter continued longer than necessary. "Can I take off this stupid blindfold now?"

She felt warm fingers pull down the napkin and fought to control the smile pressing on her lips. It was hard not to smile in Christian's presence, especially when he had laughter written all over his perfectly lined face. At least he had the decency to look mildly guilty for laughing so hard.

"So, Nick and me, huh?"

"I'm sorry, what?" she asked, wiping the last traces of red sauce from her cheek. She probably looked a hot mess; of course, she had just divulged one of her most embarrassing secrets. Earlier in the week, she was surprised Nick hadn't already spilled the beans, but no. Apparently he was waiting for the perfect time for Christian to find out she was basically a kissing virgin. Perfect.

Christian cleared his throat, still smiling. "Nick and I are the only gents you have kissed?"

She avoided eye contact and nodded, finding sudden keen interest in her fingernails, though they were impeccably clean.

"Kessen, look at me."

She didn't.

"Kessen," he barked, grabbing her hand. "Look at me."

She bit her lip and looked into his piercing eyes.

"It's not a big deal. I think it's cute."

Kessen did not like being called cute. "Cute is what you call a dog with three legs. Cute is what you call your nieces and nephews. Cute is just a nice way of saying someone has a good personality. Cute is not what I want to be. I refuse to be cute." She stood and started pacing. "I declare right here and now that I am not cute, and I will prove it to you by kissing the next three men I see. All three of them, Christian! And you can't stop me. Not now, not ever! I-"

And then his lips were on hers. In the back of her mind she hoped she still didn't have sauce on her face, but logic failed her when his lips were so firmly planted against hers.

It was a different type of kiss.

It was possessive.

She liked it very much.

Christian sighed against her mouth. "Kessen, trust me. You're not just cute. You're beautiful, hot, gorgeous ... trust me. What I should have said..." He kissed her again, feathering his tongue along her bottom lip "...is you're endearing, delightful, wonderful, sexy." His warm breath neared her ear as he flicked his tongue along the base of her jaw. "Other men don't deserve your kisses. I don't even deserve your kisses."

Her legs felt like jelly as she sunk into his arms. No longer hungry, she decided to prolong the kiss, but Christian had other ideas. He released her near her chair and pointed to her food.

"Eat."

"But..."

"Eat," he growled and held out her spoon.

She gave him an exasperated look and began consuming her food at a rapid pace. "How many more questions do we have left?" she asked between bites.

"More than we could get through in one night." Christian continued to eat his food as Kessen ate hers. It was a comfortable silence. A silence she would normally try to break, except for some reason, this type of silence with Christian seemed almost normal and fun. It was probably the first time since meeting him they hadn't threatened to cause physical harm to one another. It was a scary thought. It meant they were getting close, forming a bond, a friendship, something she hadn't planned for or even thought could happen while in London. Yet here she was, hopelessly drawn to a Vandenbrook.

"We're alone, you know," Christian said.

She looked up and noticed he had finished his food and was now staring at her while she ate hers.

"Is that a problem? We were alone the first night, too." She took her last bite and pushed her plate forward.

He put his elbows on the table and folded his hands, resting his head against them as if in deep thought. "Not like this, Kessen."

She gulped. "I'm not sure I understand." Which was a total lie, because she did understand-she understood all too well. The hum of electricity was constantly buzzing between them. When they were walking next to one another, she felt the hotness of his body against hers. And most of all, she felt pulled towards him as a person-a pull she would be the first to admit wasn't present a few days ago.

Suddenly it occurred to her that she needed to make sure she wasn't with him late tonight. Nothing good happened after ten o'clock, and she couldn't be held responsible for her decisions with him if she was drugged with sleepiness.

"We should lock our doors!" she blurted.

"Mature," he snorted

"No, really, Christian. I think we should, and we should also go to bed early, and close our windows, and no sneaking in, and no breaking in and-"

He held up his hand for her to stop. "You're giving me a headache, Kessen. Stop worrying so much. I do have self-control, you know."

Kessen raised an eyebrow in response.

"Come on! I do!"

She laughed. "I'm sorry. How many times have you snuck into my room in the past twenty-four hours?"

"Those don't count," he argued

She stared at him. "I'm not an idiot."

He threw his hands in the air. "Fine. You win-something I realize you hardly hear enough, so spare me your little happy dance. Let's just go into the study, finish this stupid game, and go to bed."

She cleared her throat.

He rolled his eyes. "Me in my bed; you in yours."

"Perfect," she beamed. "But first you have to do the dishes."

"And why can't you do the dishes?" he asked in an irritated tone usually reserved for Duncan.

"Because you forfeited the end of that question; therefore, you lose. I win, and I want you to do the dishes."

He gave her a blank stare.

"What? No response or rebuttal? Hurry along then, servant ... I have some reading to catch up on."

She waved at him and left the room, but not before hearing him yell something about the duke in her new book killing off the love interest.

She could only assume he meant it as a threat.

Half an hour later Christian wandered into the room with a look of pure joy on his face.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Christian was excited, and who wouldn't be? Kessen had forgotten to take the game with her, the same game they were going to be playing that night. He had memorized all the answers, meaning she would lose; now all he had to do was come up with a good bet.

"Kessen?" he asked, still smiling; he couldn't help it if he tried.

"Yes, slave," she said, not looking up from her ereader. "What is your desire?"

He clenched his teeth together in annoyance before answering. "Well, America, I've decided we should place a wager on this game."

"Are you sure you want to do that, my lord? Didn't that end badly for you last time? We wouldn't want a repeat of last night, now would we?"

Christian plopped down next to her and sent her a melting smile. Her mouth immediately dropped open. Putty in his hands. "Yes dear, but that was yesterday. Today is a new day and a new game. You're not chicken, are you?" He knew he had her. Her eyes flashed with anger as she pushed his hand away from hers.

"No, I was just trying to be nice, but fine! Have it your way; what's the wager?" Her face was inches from his. If he was being honest with himself, all he wanted to do was make out with her, forget the game-burn it, for all he cared. What he needed was her lips on his, her hands on his body, her-

His mind was going downhill fast. It was time for a distraction, and being the competitive soul he was, he knew just the wager to bait her.

"If you win, I will dedicate the first week of our marriage to reading you every single book in the Vandenbrook series out loud, using accents, voices, and costumes." Her face lit up like a Christmas tree. "But if I win you have to stay up all night with me. Tonight. Alone."

He leaned in so his lips barely grazed hers. "So, are you scared, or are you game, America?"

She took a few ragged breaths than closed her eyes. "Game, of course. I have nothing to be afraid of since I'm winning."

"We'll see," he declared. Christian laid out the game in front of them and motioned for Kessen to sit on the floor with him. "We will do five questions each. I've made it easier this time. I'll give you five questions, and you can write down your answers on a piece of paper. I will do the same. At the end we will reveal the questions and the answers. Deal?"

"Deal." She grabbed a pencil and paper and waited.

"Okay, Kessen. Here are your questions. Question one: what was my favorite animal as a boy and why? Question two: how long can I hold my breath under water? Question three: do I sleep with anything, alive or dead? Question four: what was my worst date? Question five: what is my biggest fear?"

He waited for her to write down all the questions. When she was finished, he handed her the other set of questions.

She began to read. "Christian, here are your five questions. Question one: do I snore? Question two: why is the Wall Street Journal my favorite newspaper? Question three: do I have any weird habits? Question four: what is my biggest fear? Question five: am I afraid of the dark?"

Christian spent a few minutes writing down the questions then stared at Kessen. She was concentrating on her writing. Her tongue poked out of her mouth and then she bit her lip. Christian felt his body respond immediately to the particular way her lip looked when the proper pressure was applied.

Aroused beyond belief by the look on her face, he cursed and looked away as he waited for her to finish writing. His answers obviously didn't take long since he had already memorized them, but he pretended to take a long time and to be confused so she wouldn't get suspicious.

He waited until after she was finished before putting down his own pencil. "Do you want to start or shall I?"

She shrugged. "Either way you're losing-doesn't matter to me."

"Not that I like rewarding a bad attitude," he said, putting the cap back on his pen. "But I'll allow you to go first, my lady."

She did a mock curtsy-how she managed to do it while sitting down was beyond him-and cleared her throat. "Your favorite animal was a bobcat because you thought they were all named Bob."

She knew more than she led on, the little minx. He bit back a smile and motioned for her to continue.

"Number two is a trick question. You've never tried holding your breath under water for longer than ten seconds, because you believe it's pointless. After all, who wouldn't save a drowning marquess?" She didn't hide the judgment in her voice or on her face. "You sleep in your room, alone, with nothing but your thoughts and sins to keep you company."

Christian grimaced. That hurt.

"Your worst date was when Duncan set you up with a family friend and forgot to mention she was a fan of your family history. She ended up quoting you to you for an entire hour before sobbing her eyes out about how she was going to die alone. When the date was finally over, she slapped you for being too forward, when you pitied her and wanted to give her a nice peck on the cheek. She proceeded to press charges against you and won on account of psychological damage and now drives a luxury car."

He shook his head in astonishment and pure anger. That girl had totally played him and used him for his money; he was still seething over that lawsuit. What he wouldn't give for one more date to show her his true feelings. Too bad she had fled the country soon after and now lived quite comfortably in France.

"Okay, last question, America," he said, irritated. She nodded her head. He repeated the question just in case and urged her to continue.

She bit her lip, which was something he noticed was a nervous habit when she didn't know what to say or was uncomfortable. It always ruined his concentration, because it made him think of how soft her lips were and how warm they felt against his own.

He cleared his throat to distract his wandering mind.

"Your biggest fear," she stated, "is you'll end up alone."

Christian cleared his throat to fill in the awkward silence. She had guessed on that last one, but rather than feel excited about winning, he felt nothing but pain. Of course, he had written down his biggest fear as being something silly, like bankruptcy or spiders.

In all honesty though, how could he deny the fact that her guess was spot-on, regardless of what he had written down for his answer? And to make matters worse, he wanted nothing more than to deny it to his grave. What type of aristocrat was he, if he couldn't even fight off loneliness? He had everything anyone could ever want in this lifetime, yet without someone to share it with, he had felt positively empty. Until now.

He picked up his paper. "You missed the last one."

"I did?" She sounded shocked.

"Yes. My biggest fear is spiders."

Her eyes squinted with doubt. "Spiders? A big strapping man like you has a fear of spiders? I don't believe it." She crossed her arms and shook her head. "Nope, you're lying, and you're cheating."

He threw up his hands in frustration. "I'll show you the answer sheet. You, my dear, are wrong. It's possible, although probably not realistic, that I've somehow gotten an answer wrong myself. So, without further delay, let me read my answers to you."

"Fine," she bit off.

What right did she have to be angry anyway? He was the offended party. Kessen thought she knew him so well. It would be a dark day in Hell before he admitted to her she was correct in her assumption. The truly upsetting issue was, she had gathered that by only spending a few days with him.

Scary indeed.

Time to focus, he thought, then began reading aloud his answers. "You do not snore, but it's also a tricky question, because you do tend to talk in your sleep. Nick refers to it as your own made-up language. Something like the Elvish tongue from Lord of the Rings." He leaned forward and winked. "Just for your information, I am counting down the days until I can experience your private language myself."

"Dream on," she muttered.

He blew her a kiss and continued. "You love the Wall Street Journal, because the front of the page allows you to read every single news story within ten minutes. You're able to find out which stories you want to read the most and which stories you'd rather not know about, without having to search the entire newspaper."

She shifted uncomfortably and avoided eye contact.

"I'm not finished," he said, snapping his fingers in front of her face. "You do have some odd habits. The oddest of them all is you have to smell everything you eat before it goes into your mouth. Including drinks and candy, but excluding anything chocolate, for the simple reason chocolate never changes. It is your one constant in your life." He looked up from his paper and sighed. "Does it bother you that the longest relationship you've had has been with a piece of food?"

She threw a pillow at his face.

Thankfully, he knew her better than she thought and ducked just in time. Instead the pillow struck one of his family heirlooms and sent it flying through the air.

She gasped and closed her eyes. "Please tell me that was not the same vase your great-grandfather gave your great-grandmother in the last book I read."

He shrugged slyly. "Alright then, it's not the same vase."

"Oh no. Oh no."

"Kessen!" He grabbed her hands. "It's fine. There are more family heirlooms. I'll continue reading to get your mind off it, okay?"

She whimpered.

He took that as a yes. "Your biggest fear is you'll somehow let your father down, which, on a more personal note, you should realize is basically an irrational fear. Your father loves you, and you could never disappoint him."

She sucked in a breath and stared, obviously not expecting what he said. In fact, he hadn't expected to respond in that way either. Why was it always easier helping others with their fears instead of conquering his own?

"Ahem," he said. "Last, but not least. You sleep with a Little Mermaid nightlight, which I believe sufficiently proves you are terrified of the dark."

Kessen's mouth dropped open. "You got all of them right!"

"I did?" He tried to sound surprised.

"I can't believe it!"

"Nor can I!" he agreed, knowing wholeheartedly if he hadn't cheated, he would have lost miserably. Christian had no idea what her biggest fear was, or that she slept with a nightlight.

"But, but-"

"Use your words, Kessen," he joked.

"That means..."

He waited, but she just stared, leaving him no choice but to grab her hands and say softly, "It means we're having a slumber party."

"Yay," came her reply, albeit dry and dripping with sarcasm.

He would take it, though. In all actuality, he would take whatever he could get with this woman ... and more.

Noticing Kessen wasn't feeling comfortable at all he decided to lighten the mood. "How about we go outside, start a bonfire, throw in some of Nick and Duncan's favorite shirts, and roast some marshmallows?"

Her eyes lit up. "It's like you read my mind."

Christian held out his hand for Kessen. It always was a stupid idea for them to touch. He clenched his teeth as her smooth hand wrapped around his. Blast, he was nearly brought to his knees just by touching her hand. When had a woman ever had this much power over him? The blood roared in his ears as he delicately led her through the house to the outside area for entertaining.

A small fire pit was located on the far end of the deck, as well as a few skewers to put marshmallows on.

Now all he needed to do was start the fire.

"You do know how to start a fire, don't you?" Kessen asked doubtfully.

"I am a man," he snapped.

"And that makes you knowledgeable because...?"

He snorted. "It's part of being a man, something you're born with, just like knowing how to spit and shoot things with a gun."

She nodded her head. "Okay, my lord, so build the fire."

He scratched his head in irritation, then looked around. No wood, no kindling, no matches. Where did the staff keep all the supplies?

He looked back to Kessen, but by the look on her face, she would rather die a thousand deaths than help him. How hard could building a fire from scratch be? All he needed was to chop down a tree and find some old newspaper.

"I'm going to go get some wood. You go get yesterday's newspaper." With that he left to locate an ax. Upon returning, Christian found Kessen sitting with two newspapers in her lap.

He rolled his eyes and walked past her to the Christmas tree farm behind their house. It had been around for years, and now would serve the purpose of being kindling.

The ax was heavier than expected, making him thankful he was the athletic sort. He swung the ax and got the tree to fall after only four blows. It wasn't extremely impressive, considering the tree wasn't large, but he had half a mind to turn around and growl just so Kessen could see how much of a man he was.

Then he heard something in the background, some sort of scratching noise. He looked down at the fallen tree and froze.

An enormous badger was staring up at him with hate in its eyes.

Everything happened in slow motion. He turned towards Kessen in horror and began screaming. "Run, run Kessen! It's a giant animal!"

He nearly tripped on his own feet as he ran back to the house and locked himself inside. It wasn't until he looked up that he realized Kessen was still outside and bent over with laughter.

Did she have no idea how terrible wild animals could be?

He opened the door a slit and whispered, "Kessen, get in here. It could have rabies!"

She turned towards him with her hands on her hips and sighed. "You don't venture out into the country much, do you?"

He paused, then shook his head.

She threw him an "I feel sorry for your ignorance" look, and then trotted toward the fallen tree. On her way, she picked up two small rocks and began slamming them together. The giant badger, which now looked smaller than a cat, ran off leaving Kessen alone with the tree.

It took her less than five minutes to bring the tree back to the house, where she proceeded to cut it into firewood.

Christian felt like getting drunk, burping, making out with a stranger, and cussing all at once, if only to prove to himself and everyone else he was still a man.

He hesitated before going outside, knowing full well what Kessen's response would be once he set his foot across the threshold. Most likely mocking, condescending, and many other things he didn't care to review at the time.

Keeping his head down, he slowly stepped into the nighttime air and quietly closed the door behind him. The embarrassed little boy in him was definitely making a triumphant appearance as he shoved his hands in his pockets, all the while avoiding eye contact with Kessen and her lumberjack ways. When the splitting of firewood stopped, he heard Kessen toss some logs into the fire-pit and wipe her hands.

This was it, the moment that would define him forever. How would he react when Kessen began making fun of him? Would he rise to the occasion, or would he cower in the corner and finally realize he was nothing but a little boy?

She cleared her throat.

He looked up and squinted.

She put her hand out.

He took it.

"Uh ... well, I mean, I like holding your hand," she said, squeezing. "But what I actually wanted was matches. Unless you somehow know how to make fire appear out of thin air."

No witty retort came; he was completely undone. Christian quickly looked around and located the matches he had found in the kitchen while making his narrow escape; he lit a few and started the fire.

"How did you...?" he started to ask.

"Colorado," was her answer. "I like to think that when people judge me about where I live, they are doing it solely based on ignorance. It is a beautiful state, lots of mountains..."

"Badgers?" he offered, laughing.

She coughed to hide her laughter. "Yes. Yes, though we have badgers, they don't like loud noises, you know."

"Yes, I gathered that." He licked his lips and smiled again, shaking his head from side to side. "You're not going to tell Duncan, are you?"

Kessen leaned back and stretched. "Well, I could tell Duncan or Nick, but ... I think I rather enjoy having something like this to hang over your head." She winked at him.

He was again totally enamored with the girl.

He had to marry her.

No longer just something he'd do for his family's honor, or for her father's company, had was the word that best fit his feelings. Being her husband would never be boring; it would never be merely an arrangement. Instead, a friendship and passion were growing between them, something he hadn't expected to find. Yes, he had to marry her. If for nothing else, his own selfish reasons of not wanting to ever live without having her near, even if she did scare him to death at least half the time they were together.

Kessen began rummaging through a bag next to her. Christian was too afraid to break the spell of their working together, so he merely watched while she pulled out a favorite shirt of Duncan's and one of Nick's.

"A toast!" she yelled, flinging them into the air in front of him.

"To our dear friends," he finished, grabbing one of the shirts.

"Who sacrificially went back to London to fetch a dress that doesn't exist."

"And a swimsuit."

"And a matching purse, was it?" She laughed.

"Among other things."

"Hear, hear!" She threw the first shirt in. His soon followed, then she threw him a marshmallow, and they went to work on their dessert.

"I used to be afraid of marshmallows," he found himself saying out loud. He was doing a lot of that lately.

"Oh?" she asked, putting two mallows on the skewer and laying it across the fire "Why?"

"Why what?" he asked, distracted with his own mallows.

"Why were you afraid of a piece of food?"

"Ahh," he said, licking his sticky fingers. "It is quite simple; I hated to get dirty when I was little, and marshmallows had the audacity to constantly cling to my fingers."

She gave him a "you must be joking" look, and he laughed.

"Okay, fine. The real story is Duncan and I wanted to have a camp out. We actually did it here at this very house. He set one of the marshmallows on fire and flung it through the air. It landed on my skin and burned me. It took me years to gain the courage to eat them again."

She nodded somberly then began shaking her skewer.

"Wha-what are you doing?" he asked, slightly panicked. Would his embarrassment know no end?

"Oh, just playing," she answered, still shaking the skewer.

"Uhh, do you mind not shaking the death stick?" He began scooting away slowly.

"You mean this death stick?" she asked calmly. Kessen shook it vigorously into the fire, and the marshmallow flew through the air. Christian, in another total state of panic, closed his eyes.

Nothing happened.

He opened one.

Kessen was right in front of him.

Or rather, Kessen was nearly straddling him.

He rather liked this sudden change of events.

Only one mallow had flown off; she brought the other one to his lips.

He opened his mouth and chewed; it was good.

She began to pull her hand away, but he caught it within his own and carefully licked each sticky finger until he thought he was going to go mad. Kessen's eyes glazed over and her breathing came out in short gasps. When he reached the final finger, he lingered, tasting the sweetness of the mallow and the saltiness of her skin.

Had to marry her came rushing back in an instant. Would his family look down on him for taking her down to the courthouse now?

"My shirt!" A yell came from behind them.

"My favorite shirt!"

"Get it, Duncan! Get it!" Nick yelled, as Duncan looked like he was about to cry.

"It's too late, my friend ... we weren't fast enough," Duncan said, burying his face in Nick's shirt.

"There, there. It will be okay," Nick said, sending a scalding look in Christian and Kessen's direction. "My, my. What have we here? A little midnight camp out?"

"Murderers!" Duncan yelled, still fake-sobbing into Nick's shirt.

"Shhh," Nick crooned, patting Duncan's head. "They know not what they do, my friend."

Duncan looked up, noticing the marshmallows, and smiled. "Hey, Kessen, did Christian ever tell you about the time I threw a marshmallow and it hit-"

He looked at Christian and paled. "Never mind. Sorry, I thought you were over it."

Kessen nudged Christian. "He was over it until I threw my marshmallow at him just a few seconds ago."

"He screamed like a girl, didn't he?" Nick piped in.

"His voice does get high-pitched when he's frightened," Duncan agreed, sitting down on the chair nearest Kessen. "Mind if I use your skewer?" He gave her a charming wink that would have melted a candle. The guy had no shame.

"Sure." She handed it over, but not before Christian let out a little grunt of manly frustration. How dare they interrupt what could have been the best experience with marshmallows he would ever have in his entire existence.

As if reading his thoughts, Kessen leaned over and whispered, "We can finish our dessert later."

There is a God.

He relaxed as Duncan and Nick went on to describe their treacherous trip back to town, where they discovered they had no money and several items to pick up which demanded the money they left back at the house.

Duncan explained they went to Lady Newberry's house and asked her for money to get some of Kessen's things, promising they would pay her back once they beat up the Vandenbrook heir and stole his lunch money to see how it made him feel.

Lady Newberry, always the classy lady, merely cracked a smile and gave them twice the amount they needed and told them to enjoy a nice dinner on her.

Which they did.

"Even though we were the victims," Duncan said between bites of his burning marshmallow, "we decided to take a shot at sainthood and allow you two to spend some quality time together without interruption."

Christian rolled his eyes. "Which by my calculations only lasted around five hours total."

"Sorry for being a good friend," Duncan cried.

Then he threw a marshmallow at Christian's face.

Christian lost it. He grabbed the closest bag of marshmallows he could find and began firing away at Duncan's head. Kessen grabbed her own bag and began hitting Nick.

Neither of them had any defense; both of the bags were next to Kessen and Christian. They ran back inside with vows of revenge and locked the door.

"I hope they don't intend to keep us out here all night," Kessen said, laughing.

Christian suddenly felt hot. He wrapped his arms around Kessen from behind and whispered in her ear, "I'm sure we could keep ourselves busy if they do."

Chapter Twenty-Five

Was it possible to fall in love in seven days? Kessen silently wondered as Christian's hands burned what felt like permanent marks into her sides.

It was as if each finger was trying to mark his territory on her person, one by one, slowly making the agony of his presence clearer as time ticked by.

Neither of them moved. She doubted he even wanted to breathe for fear she would pull away. And maybe a few days ago she would have. She would have done a lot of things now that she was truly thinking. A few days ago she would have laughingly pulled away while teasing him about something ridiculous, if only to get a rise out of him, so he wouldn't touch her anymore.

Not that she ever shied away from his touch; she was much too aware of what his touch did to her, or rather how it undid her.

But now, facing the locked door, feeling Christian's arms around her. Everything felt ... right. Kessen turned slowly, so she was now facing Christian head-on. His eyes were blazing. This was what it felt like to be in love, yet she couldn't find the guts to say it.

It was obvious she was being a coward, but what other choice did she have? People liked to watch others fall in love, but when it came to their own lives, it was a totally different subject. Weeks ago she would have killed to have this feeling, the feeling of being in love. She was familiar with it only because she longed to have the type of romance the Vandenbrooks were famous for.

Why were those three little words so difficult for her to utter? Of course, it wasn't as if Christian was helping, with his incessant staring and ogling.

Why didn't he say it first? Unless maybe he didn't feel it. Maybe he just felt passion for her, nothing more. Because when she stopped and tried to be logical, she realized it wasn't logical. Nothing about her relationship with Christian made sense. She had to be out of her mind to think he would confess his love to her right now.

"Kessen."

"What?" Her head snapped up, nearly knocking him in the chin.

"If you keep squinting like that you're going to get wrinkles." He touched her forehead lightly with his hand, but he might as well have been searing her. His hands were like a torch she could feel all the way down to her belly.

Not good. Definitely not good, especially if he wants me to stay up with him all night.

"I was thinking about the ball tomorrow night." She quickly broke contact, so a coherent thought would be present. Christian looked at her thoughtfully and made a waving motion with his hand.

"It's not a big deal, Kessen. Just a whole bunch of our old family friends and important people in society. If you play nice and dance with me more than once, I promise to help you fake a sickness, so we can go somewhere else and watch a movie or read..."

He said the last word with all the emotion he apparently could muster, making reading sound more like eating nails than enjoying a nice romance novel.

Kessen beamed. "So you're saying you'll read to me if I go and play nice?"

"Did I mention reading to you? No, I don't think I did." He grimaced. "How about I'll show you a few of the spots the book took place in, and then if I feel generous I will read one line of your choice."

Kessen took a minute to pretend to ponder the idea, when what she wanted to do was scream like a little girl. Her obsession with these books was well on its way to being a little much.

"Deal." She reached out her hand to grab his, but stopped when she heard a faint yelling in the background.

Both she and Christian turned to see Duncan and Nick on the other side of the door with paintball guns in their arms and at least four layers of clothing on.

Duncan put his gun down and lifted up a sign that said "WAR."

Then Nick nodded his head and did a little "I'm watching you" gesture, while he held up another sign that said "Run and hide ... here we come."

Kessen didn't need to be told twice; she quickly pushed Christian down and made a run for the front of the house, where she figured the door would still be unlocked. Christian yelled at her as she ran around the corner. The last thing she heard was the sound of paintball guns going off and him screaming expletives into the night sky.

She made it to the front door and was accurate in her assumption. It was open. She ran up the stairs and locked her bedroom door, then looked out her window. Pinned to the ground with paintball stains covering his designer jeans was Christian. He had a sign on his back that read, "Ransom."

Kessen laughed and yelled down to Nick and Duncan, who were at the moment dancing around the fire as if they were wild Indians.

"What will it take for you to let him go?" she yelled as loudly as she could.

Duncan looked up first. "Payment, princess. Payment."

Interesting turn of events. "What type of payment?"

Duncan looked stumped; he punched Nick in the shoulder. They talked in hushed tones for a few minutes before Nick yelled up at her, "We will give you Christian if you promise not to speak to him until the wedding."

She shook her head. "Impossible. That's not even nice, and honestly it's more than four days away!"

Nick looked guiltily to the ground, and Duncan began whistling.

"Isn't it?" Kessen yelled. "Boys!" This time they cringed when her voice reached their ears.

Nick cleared his throat. "It's been moved."

Kessen put her hands over her eyes. "Please tell me you're referring to something other than my wedding."

She thought she heard Christian moan.

Duncan began untying Christian slowly; he used the time to explain the situation. "We were having it on Sunday, because Christian's sister was going to be here, but she can't make it. So now Lady Newberry has decided to move the wedding to Friday night."

Kessen felt ill. "But it's Tuesday night!"

By now Christian was untied but a little too sore to move from his current position. "Whasdmoes if da."

"What did he say?" she yelled.

Duncan interpreted, "He said, 'What's one or two more days?'"

The man had a point. Either way they were getting married, but she wasn't ready. Not at all. That meant Friday she would be married. That was two less days to get to know Christian or make him fall in love with her, or at least somehow get him to admit it.

But then again, she wasn't admitting it, either.

Now she was back where she started. Both of them were stubborn idiots, and neither willing to take the giant leap love asked of them.

"I refuse your demand of silence!" she cried.

Nick gave Duncan a little signal. Duncan began wrapping the rope around Christian.

"Ugh, fine!" Kessen yelled. "How about a compromise? I won't speak to him the day before or the day of the wedding?"

Nick and Duncan whispered, and then shook hands.

"Done!" they yelled in unison up to her.

"Good! Now let Christian go. He's had a rough day, what with that badger nearly killing him."

Christian moaned again as Duncan and Nick shot him questioning glances.

At least now Kessen had an excuse to stay in her bedroom and sleep rather than stay up all night with Christian. That would have been a terrible idea, and he knew it.

As she drifted off to sleep, a smile plastered itself across her face as she thought about what Nick and Duncan would say when Christian explained to them he ran from a woodland creature.

****

Kessen breathed in the morning air as she rose from her bed. Her curtains were still drawn, and she wasn't at all surprised when she looked out her window and saw Duncan, Nick, and Christian lying in sleeping bags by a smoking fire.

A camp out, of course.

It was most likely a dare for Christian to be a real man and sleep with the woodland creatures rather than let his fiancee scare them off with rocks. It must have worked, because they all looked as peaceful as could be.

An odd warming sensation bubbled in her chest when she looked at Christian's perfect face. She had never watched him sleep before, not that she was one to do that to anyone, since it was creepy and all, but still she couldn't help but stare at him.

He had the face of what she imagined a fallen angel would look like. His skin was perfectly stretched across strong cheekbones and a commanding nose. His eyes, although closed, boasted long eyelashes. Not that she would see it from her window, but she knew they were long, and silently wondered to herself what they would feel like brushing up against her cheek.

His lips were another story. They were too sensual for their own good and simply didn't belong on a man. It wasn't at all fair. They were plump and deliciously shaped.

A snore broke her concentration as she looked at Nick who, mouth wide open, was making ungodly breathing sounds. With the spell of her silent appreciation of Christian's body gone, she moved on to the bathroom and got ready for the day.

****

Christian hadn't seen Kessen all day; the reason could have been she was hiding from him after shamelessly handing his head to the paintball gods on a silver platter.

It was around three in the afternoon before they finally crossed paths.

"Where have you been?" he accused, not understanding the sudden urgency of why he needed to know her whereabouts.

"Reading." Kessen shrugged, then walked on past.

Was she avoiding him? Playing hard to get?

"Thanks for last night," he said leadingly, hoping she would take the bait and at least try to engage in conversation with him.

She quickly turned on her heel to face him. "Last night?"

Oh, so she was going to play innocent. Fine.

"Yes, last night." He crossed his arms. "Should I refresh your memory?"

She smiled.

He circled her like a lion circles its prey.

"Last night, when you fed me to the wolves-or should I say, the paintball maniacs-by pushing me down, so you could escape."

Kessen tilted her head to the side in amusement. "What about it?"

"I have more welts."

"Let me see."

"No!" He pushed her away.

"Yes!" She stepped closer

"No..." The words faintly left his lips, and he reached out and cupped her head with his hands.

He kissed her feverishly, as if he hadn't been doing exactly that for the past few days.

It was turning into an addicting habit.

One he had no plan to quit anytime soon.

Her book dropped out of her hand as she wound her fingers into his shirt and lusciously moaned his name.

His self-control was shot at this point. All he could bring himself to do was chant three more days, three more days, as Kessen's kisses urged him to step further over the edge of sanity.

What he wasn't counting on was that his thoughts would soon become his words as he accidently spat out, "Three more days" across her lips.

"What?" She backed away just enough to look into his eyes.

She was beautiful.

"Until we're married." He smoothed a piece of hair from her face and kissed her forehead.

"Oh, right." Her body language was proof she wasn't the least bit excited.

And maybe it was the kissing, but in hindsight he would like to think it was the fact his self-control had simply snapped a few days ago, leaving him irritable and annoyed, but he yelled.

Christian never yelled.

"How can you react like that?"

Kessen looked dumbfounded. She obviously was not used to people yelling at her. Then again, Christian wasn't used to yelling. They were at an impasse.

"Christian, calm down. What are you talking about?"

"This!" He pointed to her. "Us! This thing we have; we're getting married. Forever, Kessen, and I'm not going to lie to you and say it doesn't terrify me, because it does. But could you at least pretend you're a little more excited?"

"I was just showing you how excited I truly am." Her face seemed to darken with anger.

"Not that! I know we have that!" He muttered a swear word under his breath and paced in front of her. "We lust after one another like teenagers, but I thought-I don't know. I thought-"

He ran a shaky hand through his hair.

"You thought what?" Her face was unreadable, making it even harder for him to get it out.

"I thought we had discovered more..."

"More?" She looked eager. Did she want him to say it? Did he have to be the first one? Was that what this was all about?

"Ahem." A throat cleared behind them.

"Oh, for the love of-Could everyone please stop interrupting us with the throat clearing?" Christian's voice certainly carried through the entire house.

Duncan seemed frozen in place. "Your, uh-"

Christian walked towards him. "Well?"

"Your parents and Lady Newberry have arrived. They're in the salon waiting, my lord." Duncan did a quick bow, irritating Christian even more. What was wrong with him? He never yelled. Within the past two minutes he had successfully yelled at the girl he loved and at his best friend.

He turned back to Kessen, only to see her making a rapid retreat down the hall.

"Where are you going?"

She turned abruptly. "To greet my future in-laws." He followed close behind, so close he ran into her when she suddenly stopped cold in her tracks.

"There is," she answered in a near whisper.

"There is what?"

The pause itself nearly killed him.

"More," she answered, and then ran down the stairs out of his sight.

Good Lord, it was going to be a long night.

As self-fulfilling prophecies go, this one was spot-on.

The night hadn't gone well at all.

In fact, it couldn't have gotten worse.

Armageddon was taking place in the Vandenbrook country house, and the first sign was the look on his parents' faces when he descended the stairs to greet them.

Apparently, his voice did carry ... furthermore, it was possible to hear his voice down in the salon if he was yelling, say ... in the upper hallway.

Cursing became an easy second language in his head the following three hours as he had to listen to his father explain to him why a duke, or any aristocrat, never raised his voice.

A lecture poor Kessen had to listen to as well.

When he looked to her for help, she merely smiled, and then told him later her father gave her that same lecture at least five times a year.

It didn't make the lecture any easier to endure.

Christian was contemplating all the ways he could jump out the window without making too much of a mess, when Nick suddenly arrived with refreshments.

"Could you have gotten here any sooner?" Kessen hissed.

Just then Duncan appeared. "We waited outside the door for an extra twenty minutes just to see if Christian would try to make a run for it."

"Why hello, your grace!" Duncan yelled into the Duchess of Albany's face. He liked to pretend she was deaf, just to irritate her.

She was hardly pleased but didn't have the gumption to say anything; she was a cougar at heart and had always found young Duncan quite delectable, which explained Duncan's sudden behavior.

He took her hand and kissed it but not before grimacing at the floor, something only Christian would notice.

"It's time!" Lady Newberry said, clapping her hands.

Christian leaned over to Kessen. "For killing? More torturing? Are they handing out notes with this lecture ... oh no, please don't tell me they're going to give us the birds and the bees talk."

She let out a grunt of laughter and covered her mouth with her hands.

Nick let out a fake cough to help the situation.

Always the thoughtful one.

Kessen kissed her grandmother's hand. "What are you referring to?"

Lady Newberry smiled sweetly. "Well, we need to get ready for the ball tonight, my love." She leaned in even closer to Kessen. "After all, it takes a few hours to get us looking this good, doesn't it?"

Christian opened his mouth to say something flattering just as Duncan swooped in and kissed Lady Newberry's hand. "Why, your ladyship, you don't look a day over twenty-five!"

She blushed.

Christian threw up in his mouth a bit.

And Kessen rolled her eyes.

Nick appeared too busy concentrating on the snacks to be offended at Duncan's outrageousness.

Lady Newberry popped Nick on the back, causing several finger sandwiches to fall out of his hand. He choked, most likely on a cucumber, then gave her a thumbs-up, clueless as to why he was offering the old broad encouragement for causing physical harm.

"Let us be off, my dear!" Lady Newberry said, firmly grabbing Kessen's hand.

Kessen sent Christian a look begging for him to save her, but before he could grab at her hand and make up some lame excuse about looking at the vegetable garden, Lady Newberry sent him a seething glare, warning him to leave her granddaughter alone, which was probably a response to his earlier ungentlemanlike outburst.

Fear won out; therefore, Christian gave Kessen a reluctant nod as she was led up the stairs to Lady Newberry's chamber, where she would most likely be stuck for the remainder of the evening until she was announced at the ball.

"Apology accepted," Duncan said, hitting Christian on the back.

"Huh, what?" His eyes were watching Kessen as she disappeared at the top of the stairs. He wasn't even ashamed that for the most part, he was staring at the lower half of her body.

"For yelling? At me?" Duncan moved to stand in front of Christian and crossed his arms. "This wouldn't have anything to do with the fact that you're falling in love with her, would it?"

Christian lost the ability to breathe as Nick and Duncan both brought their attention to his rapidly coloring face.

"Wh-a-at?" he managed to croak, all the while pulling at his suddenly too tight shirt. How did they know? How could they tell? It wasn't as if he had a sign plastered across his forehead, or did he? Is this how men acted when they were in love? Totally crazy, as if they would snap at any minute? And, goodness, somebody open a window. He made a sudden move to the front door but was stopped by two large bodies with equally large grins.

"You can run," Duncan said.

"But you can't hide," Nick, mouth still full, finished.

"I'm not."

His denial was followed by Duncan looking heavenward as if a bolt of lightning would drop at any minute.

Nick, sensing Duncan's distress, moved quickly away from Christian, just in case a lightning bolt was to drop. But he wasn't lying, not really. He was merely hot, and what was that earlier he was thinking about checking on? Oh yes, the vegetable garden.

"I need to go ... outside." He swallowed out of habit, even though his mouth had suddenly gone dry as a desert.

Duncan moved out of the way. "By all means." He pointed towards the door in amusement.

Christian, in all his haste and irrational panic, didn't notice the door was locked until he slammed into it.

"Son of a-" He let out a yell, immediately followed by Lady Newberry's warning, "My Lord, please do something about your language. There are ladies present!"

A door slammed.

Christian looked guiltily towards Nick and Duncan, but they were pointing at him in order to corroborate his guilt.

If this was any clue as to how his night would turn out, he needed to seek out something stronger than tea, and fast.

He pushed past his deceitful friends in search of a drink.

Chapter Twenty-Six

Kessen was not doing well.

The embarrassing altercation with Christian in the hallway had completely unsettled her nerves, not to mention the fact that the entire household, her grandmother included, had heard their little exchange. She had at that point prayed a sinkhole would appear in the middle of the stairway and suck her down with the rest of the household.

She waited in vain.

The hours sitting in the large salon slowly ticked by while she stood next to Christian like a statue. Granted, he must have been sweating a lot more than she, considering he was the one with his voice raised. And in all honesty, it wasn't that he had raised his voice, but that they had come dangerously close to having the talk.

The conversation every couple has when they become consciously aware they are falling harder and faster than they had originally planned.

She had never made it past this part of a relationship, and frankly, it terrified her straight out of her wits. Her grandmother continued to pour small glasses of wine for her, concerned she was perhaps nervous about the wedding night.

Hardly, is what she wanted to say, but then again that wouldn't be ladylike; if anything the wedding night would ease some of the tension between her and Christian. At least she hoped it would; it would either do that or fan the already out-of-control flame, which continued to light up every time they touched each other.

Kessen had to sit and watch as her grandmother did her own hair and discussed who would be present at the ball. About two hours into the conversation, Kessen realized she hadn't been listening at all and had at some point been led to one of the seats next to her grandmother to have her hair arranged.

A maid came up behind her and laid a black mask with blue feathers across her lap. "What's this?"

Her grandmother chuckled as she powdered her nose, "Oh dear, I knew you weren't listening to a word I was saying. It's Christian, isn't it? I knew he would distract you. If I were a little younger, cupcake, I'd probably be just as entranced as you. Your grandfather was quite the looker in his day too. He and I used to-"

"Grandmother, please spare me the details and explain why I have a mask in my lap."

Lady Newberry blew a kiss at her own reflection in the mirror and began fastening her gloves. "Well, cupcake, if you had been listening, you would know. The ball is a masquerade."

Kessen fought to hide her excitement. It was like her fairy tale come true. It took everything in her not to squeal with delight and dance around the room with a giant grin on her face.

But her grandmother was still talking. "And I'm not sure how he did it, but he managed to pull it off so everyone in attendance, even if they didn't get the message, will receive a mask at the door, so no one will be recognizable. It makes me wonder if he did it for you?"

"Did what for me? Whom are we talking about?" Kessen's silly grin was still plastered to her face as she rose from her seat to grab her dress.

"The future duke, of course," Lady Newberry scolded. "It was his idea to do a masquerade-something about Vandenbrook tradition before a wedding." She stretched her arms in a catlike manner and yawned. "I do not presume to know the minds of men. I only nod my head and smile. It's all they expect a senile woman like myself to do."

"Grandmother, you are not senile."

Lady Newberry shrugged. "I do sometimes forget myself, but no matter. I have you here now to keep me company."

Kessen felt a twinge of guilt shoot through her chest as she realized this was only the second time in her life she had visited her grandmother. It wasn't that she didn't love her, but she had been so focused on her own life and getting through college, she hadn't had time for family, especially family which she assumed sang "God Save the Queen" every five minutes like her father.

"I'm sorry, Grandmother," Kessen said quietly.

Lady Newberry looked up. "For what, my love?"

"Not visiting. Not being here for you. I don't know-everything." Kessen slouched into the chair, feeling like the worst sort of granddaughter.

"First of all, lovey, sit up. Your American posture is enough to send me into a fit. Secondly, planes travel both ways, wouldn't you agree? Let's not waste time worrying about the past." She kissed her on the cheek. "After all, we do have a lovely future ahead of us, do we not?"

Kessen grabbed her grandmother's hands and kissed them. "We do."

"Good, now put on your dress and mask. It's time I present my granddaughter to the ball."

Kessen did as she was told.

Her grandmother led her outside the chamber doors to the top of the stairs. Kessen barely had time to whisper before they were announced, "How will I find him?"

"Who, dear?"

"Christian. How do I find him if everyone is in a mask?"

Lady Newberry gently laid her hand across Kessen's arm. "Follow your heart, my dear. It won't lead you astray."

"Lady Newberry and Miss Kessen Newberry of Lord Newberry." The man took their cards and allowed them entry into the room.

Every eye in the room shifted toward Kessen and her grandmother. It felt good to walk arm-and-arm with her grandmother, knowing that somewhere in the crowd was the man she was to marry, the man who despite all his negative comments about romance novels, put together a perfect recreation of Kessen's favorite one that night.

How he knew it was her favorite novel, she would never know. Most likely, Nick spilled the beans about her staying up during finals week in college to finish the book. She nearly failed her business ethics class, but it had been worth it.

It was her favorite book of the Vandenbrook series. If memory served correctly, the love story started at a masquerade and ended at a masquerade in the Vandenbrook country house-the same country house where the ball was being held.

She was the star of her own novel and wonder of all wonders, her love interest was a Vandenbrook. The thought made her suddenly nervous. What was she doing? She was marrying her dream and falling in love with him at the same time. What if he didn't feel as strongly? What if he got bored or worse yet, what if he resented Kessen's independence?

Her incessant worrying did nothing for her already churning stomach. She walked toward the refreshment tables in search of a glass of wine, when suddenly she felt an electric pull to turn around.

"Christian," she said, without looking.

A delicious laugh danced around her ears. "How did you know?" he whispered, his breath tickling the curve of her neck.

"Sixth sense." Her answer was breathless, without the usual air of confidence.

"Dance with me." Christian put his hands on her hips and slowly turned her around to face him. He was wearing a midnight black mask that did wonders for his piercing eyes.

He looked like the Phantom of the Opera, only darker and more mysterious if it were possible.

It wasn't until he led her to the dance floor that she noticed he was also wearing a cape. The man was full of surprises. He pulled her tightly against his body and began a slow waltz. She instinctively leaned in. The desire to smell his skin and touch him all over set her nerves on fire. The hunger to be alone with him nearly undid her on the dance floor.

Out of options and clueless as to what to do with her hands, she began having trouble breathing. When had his presence ever set her off this much?

It had to be the wine.

She had had at least three glasses, but it had been over the course of two hours. Her nerves were absolutely shot. Maybe it was the dancing, or the feeling they weren't living in 2012 anymore, but during the 1800s and at a masquerade ball. Would this feeling be the same if the century were different?

Upon looking at Christian's smile, she highly doubted it. It was odd seeing such perfectly straight white teeth on a British man. Her dad had once told her the Brits drank so much tea it was a wonder they had teeth at all.

Christian's teeth were perfect. As was his body and smile and eyes. Goodness, she needed to find something wrong with him before she went completely mad. Granted, he could be infuriating, and he did need to be brought down a few notches, but who didn't?

"Kessen?" Christian whispered into her hair.

"Yes?" Her breathing stopped altogether.

"Shall we take a stroll into the garden?"

"Now?"

"Now," he whispered into her hair.

"But..." She looked around to see if anyone was watching them. Of course people were watching them; they were the stars of the show.

"I don't care what people think," he said, reading her thoughts.

"Okay."

He cupped her face with one of his hands and gently leaned down to brush his lips across hers. "Let's go."

She'd be a fool not to follow. Keeping silent as they walked outside was relatively easy, considering the drug-like effect she experienced the minute he kissed her.

They walked in silence all the way through the back garden until they came to a small blanket with champagne and bread.

"Sit," he ordered softly.

She obeyed.

He poured two glasses of champagne, and then reached into the picnic basket. "Close your eyes."

"But-"

"Close them." His voice was sterner this time.

She did as she was told and waited, but nothing happened. Then she heard the rustling of pages and Christian clearing his throat.

"It wasn't that George was particularly fond of Miranda; he merely had a mild interest in her welfare. At least that's what he told himself every time he followed her into the garden. And every time he left to go his separate way, he would say it would be the last time.

"This pattern continued for two years. Each night he would follow her into the garden, and each night he would return alone.

"Until one cold December evening. The masquerade had just ended, and Miranda was sitting alone on the bench. He knew he shouldn't. He was needed elsewhere. But he couldn't pull himself away. Not with Miranda looking so sad and vulnerable. He had to do something, but what?"

Kessen opened her eyes. "You're reading to me."

Christian was against the only tree in the garden, with a lazy smile plastered across his face "That I am."

"Why?"

"Because I promised."

Kessen moved to lean against him. "You promised you would read one line if I behaved. You just read two paragraphs at least."

Christian put his arm around her. "What can I say? I'm a man full of surprises, and I have it on good authority this one's your favorite."

She chuckled. "Nick being the good authority?"

"Naturally."

She made the mistake of looking into Christian's eyes. "Thank you."

He kissed her chastely on the forehead. "It's always my pleasure to serve my lady. Shall we continue?"

She nodded and closed her eyes, allowing the sweet melody of his voice to drown out any nerves and fears she had been feeling that night.

For once it was just him and her.

They were together, beneath the moonlight. The night was absolutely perfect; what could go wrong?

It's not that she was superstitious, but something had to give. The second she closed her eyes and thought those dangerous thoughts, a shrill laugh rang through the garden.

"So," the high-pitched voice said. "Let me guess. He took you to the garden, seduced you with his words. Next he's going to take you in the cottage and tell you there's no one he'd rather have but you ... or wait. Has he already said that?"

The voice was coming closer. Christian had gone still as a statue behind Kessen. She looked from left to right to try to locate the source of the voice but found nothing.

Then a flashlight waved in front of her face and she turned around. The person, or lady, was dressed in all black and leaning against the tree as well.

"I don't think we've met, Kessen. I'm Jenifer Hanford."

"Go away," Christian barked.

"Oh, not when we're having such a fun little chat." Her voice went all pouty as she leaned closer to Kessen. Her face was perfect. In fact, it was more than perfect. It didn't seem real. Plastic surgery must have been kind to this woman. Kessen had no idea if she was in her twenties or forties.

"You do know how Christian works, don't you? He wines and dines his women, teases them with witty banter and then leaves them ... just like he left me."

Christian muttered a curse word, then pushed up from the ground. "How dare you come into my house and say that! We weren't a good match, Jenifer. I liked you well enough, but I could never love you. You knew that! I told you it was over. Why can't you just leave well enough alone?"

"I'm pregnant." Jenifer's voice was like a knife through Kessen's heart. It was too much. She felt paralyzed in shock, as if making any sudden movement would make that statement more real than it already was.

"That's impossible," Christian snarled.

"Oh, is it?"

"Yes, yes it is, because we never slept together!"

Kessen wasn't sure if he was lying, or if Jenifer was lying. She looked at the two of them and waited.

Jenifer spoke first. "Who do you think the media's going to believe, Christian? Me or you? After all, your reputation and that of your family precedes you. All I need to do is go tell Daddy you took advantage of me, and we're as good as married."

"Why?" His voice cracked. "Why, Jenifer? Why would you do that to me?"

Her eyes turned red with fury. "Because you're mine! You've always been mine! I almost had you until she came along!" Jenifer pointed in Kessen's direction. "You would never have broken up with me if it hadn't been for her!"

"Jenifer, it was over before she even came here."

"It wasn't!" she screamed. "It isn't over until I say it's over ... I'm going to Daddy."

"Jenifer!" Christian yelled then grabbed at her hands. "You can't do this. Don't do this, please. I beg you."

She stopped in her tracks. "What will you give me in return?"

Christian suddenly sounded old. "What do you want?"

"Marry me," she said quickly. "I truly am pregnant. My family can't handle any more scandal. We have no money. You were to be the saving grace. Marry me instead of her."

"I don't love you," he said icily.

Everything went still in the garden. "But you love her?"

It was the moment Kessen and Christian had been avoiding for days. The moment where everything would change for both of them.

Kessen closed her eyes in anticipation.

But Christian didn't say anything. He said nothing.

All Kessen heard was the sound of her own breathing as Jenifer said bitterly, "That's what I thought. Make arrangements, Christian. I'm breaking my silence if you go through with the ceremony. Your family and her father's company would never survive it."

Kessen sat dumbstruck on the blanket for several minutes before she felt Christian's arms around her. She twisted in them as hard as she could and even landed a couple fists on his face before silently sobbing into his chest. "I hate you!" She shook with fury. "Leave me alone; just leave me alone."

"What do you need? Tell me what you need." His voice cracked with emotion. "What do you want? I can't ... I don't know-"

"Nick, get Nick," Kessen said, still crying.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Christian ran into the ballroom to grab Nick.

Nick wasn't happy, considering he had been getting friendly with some of the duchess's cousins, but that didn't matter to Christian. All that mattered was Kessen.

How could he have done that to her?

He was given the perfect opportunity to tell her how he felt; instead, he froze like a statue. The words were on the tip of his tongue-why couldn't he bring himself to say them? And why did Jenifer have to show up and ruin everything?

He would rather die than marry her, but would Kessen even have him now? And what would it do to Kessen's reputation and her father's company? He couldn't do that to her. She didn't deserve it.

Cursing, he kicked the ground. He and Jenifer hadn't even liked each other, or at least he hadn't liked her. They went on a series of dates because his father pressured him to be seen in society. Jenifer was the type of girl who needed to be seen at all times; therefore, he always had a date, not that she ever paid him much attention. She was always much too busy flirting with other men. He never cared, because he never liked her. He assumed she felt the same way. Jenifer didn't actually care for him; she was just using him for his title and his money-something he swore he would never marry for.

He took a deep, soothing breath. Clearly the woman was insane.

Pain slammed into his chest as he made eye contact with Kessen, fighting to think of what to say, a way to explain that Jenifer was lying or that she was mistaken. The man in him felt the need to calm all females around him down, yet the part of him that knew he loved Kessen wanted to scream at the injustice. As much as it pained him to admit it, he needed to follow through and marry Jenifer; it was the only way to protect Kessen and her father.

The idea made bile rise in his throat. He silently led Nick to Kessen. She was still sprawled out across the blanket, sobbing. He wasn't sure if it was from shock or anger or both.

The only words that came to mind at that specific moment were not appropriate for Kessen's ears. How could he screw up so royally bad? He cursed aloud. To think that Jenifer had come up with such a scheme. Furious, all he wanted to do was chase after Jenifer and knock some sense into her. Unfortunately it would make him look like a worse cad, considering he needed to be helping Kessen. She would never forgive him.

Before Nick reached Kessen, Christian tried to explain what happened.

Nick's reaction wasn't what he expected. Instead of telling him he understood and would take care of it, he pushed him with all the force of an American bulldog and swore.

"You blew it!"

Kessen scrutinized the exchange with curiosity.

Nick pushed Christian again. "How could you? What's wrong with you? You complete and utter prick, I should kill you!" Nick lunged at Christian again. This time Christian didn't move. Instead he welcomed the pain from Nick's fist as it connected with his jaw.

Christian fell to the ground in a heap and wanted nothing more than to lie there and wallow in self-pity. It was done. He and Kessen were finished.

He only had one chance to make things right for her, and he was going to take it.

Without saying a word, he got up, dusted himself off, and went to find a strong drink. He would tell his father in the morning.

The wedding was off.

As he walked away the last thing he heard from Nick's mouth was, "Don't worry, sweetie. I'll fix it, just leave it to me. I'll make it better. I love you ... I love you so much." He heard Kessen's choked sobs and knew this was his fault.

The words should have been his-the comfort from him, not Nick.

He swallowed the giant lump in his throat and excused himself to his chambers.

****

"Ouch!" Nick growled.

"Sorry." Duncan shifted his weight uncomfortably as he carried the body over his shoulder. "She's heavier than I thought!"

"I would like to take this opportunity to inform you that your brilliant plan completely backfired," Nick grumbled.

Duncan swore. "How was I supposed to know Christian would respond that way? All I wanted to do was push him over the edge. Have you seen him lately? He's like a caged tiger! The man loves her; he's more stubborn than I gave him credit for. Jenifer was merely doing what we paid her for."

"And exactly what currency did you use, Duncan?"

"What is it in your country? Oh yes, I plead the Fifth."

"Only works in America. I will have you know that in the past two days I've lied to my best friend, tricked a British lord, and kidnapped someone. If I go to prison after this, I'm throwing you under the bus."

"Brilliant," Duncan mused. "Now would you please lift her higher. I don't want her back to hit a rock or anything. She has to get to the tree house without any damages."

"Right, because my goal at this point is to cause injury to my best friend, whom I've also just helped you drug and kidnap." Nick had been feeling angry ever since Christian told him what happened in the garden. After talking with Duncan, they decided this was the only way to deal with the situation, especially since it was their fault in the first place. But how were they supposed to know that the little push they thought Christian needed would backfire? It took a lot of careful planning and strategy, but Nick and Duncan had a lot to gain. After all, their friends' future was in their hands.

Duncan groaned. "The tree house is just past the garden. Do you think it's far enough to do the trick?"

"It will have to be. I can't carry her much longer," Nick grunted.

Duncan and he moved the body carefully into the tree house cottage and lit a lamp. She would be waking up soon. They had only meant to drug her for a few hours, but heartbroken girls had a way of sleeping off the pain just like Kessen was doing.

She probably never wanted to wake up.

"Stupid Christian!" Nick said loudly.

Duncan looked at him and took a shaky breath. "He's trying to protect her. He loves her, you know."

"I know that, you know that, and Kessen probably knows that. It's Christian who doesn't know, and I'm pretty sure his participation is required, don't you think?"

Duncan started pulling out the blankets they'd brought. "The news station should be arriving to film the wedding. No contact was made outside that the wedding would be off. We're going to have to make something up to stall."

"You think so?" Nick's voice had grown tired.

"If I know Christian, and I do, he'll go into panic mode. He won't stop until he finds her. We get him to confess his love for her on the news, so everyone knows how important she is to him. He wouldn't dare back out after confessing it in front of the world.

"How much did you give her?" Nick was suddenly curious.

"Jenifer's hot. We've been dating since she and Christian broke up. At this point she would do anything for me. It may or may not have something to do with my ability to charm any woman over the age of eighteen."

Nick laughed. "When Kessen finds out Christian rescued her from dangerous kidnappers, she'll be all goo-goo-eyed over how romantic it was. Didn't you say one of the books had a similar story? She'll go nuts over it."

Duncan smiled proudly. "That is where I got my idea. It will be right out of her favorite novels. She'll swoon at his feet."

Nick tied her hands. "I sure hope so, because she'll kill us if she ever finds out."

"She won't."

"But she could," Nick couldn't help but say.

"She won't! Now hurry up!" Duncan snapped.

Within minutes they were gone, leaving Kessen alone - blindfolded, hungry, and scared. It was enough to make Nick want to turn back, but he knew it was for the best. If they were too stubborn to forgive each other and see what everyone else did, then it was up to him and Duncan to take matters into their own hands.

****

Crash! A loud noise woke Christian from his champagne-induced sleep. Naturally last night was easily the worst night of his life. He couldn't say the three little words Kessen needed to hear, he found out his ex was blackmailing him, and he was now being forced into a marriage for the second time in the past two weeks.

Either God was angry with him or someone was trying to play a cruel joke with his life. He pinched the bridge of his nose and scanned the room.

Nothing had fallen. But he could have sworn he heard something hit the floor. He slowly rose from his bed, careful to take shallow breaths so the sharp aches in his head would feel less painful. He padded across the floor to his door and opened it to see a crazed Duncan staring at him.

"Is there a reason for your noise, Duncan?"

"She's gone," he said in panic.

Christian felt his chest tighten. He didn't even want to ask, but knew he had to. "Who is gone?"

Duncan paused before answering, "Kessen."

"Did she leave a note?" Christian felt stupid for asking, but he was hoping for a sign that would prove she cared for him, that she would forgive him for what had happened.

Duncan shifted uncomfortably. "Yes, but it doesn't contain what you're hoping."

"Meaning?"

"It's a ransom note, Christian."

He felt his knees go weak as he stared at Duncan. "Please, tell me you're joking."

"I wish I were. Nick went in to see how she was earlier this morning, and she was gone. Things were thrown helter-skelter as if there had been a struggle. We telephoned the police; they are investigating now. We tried to wake you earlier, but you were so out of it. The authorities want your family to release a statement to the press. You may want to clean up a bit beforehand.

"A statement?" Christian echoed.

Duncan nodded. He looked like he hadn't slept in days. "They'll be here in an hour."

Christian had never been so angry and afraid in his life.

It felt as if the whole world was crumbling around him. Unable to walk or even utter a word, he fell to the ground in a heap and leaned his suddenly heavy head against the wall.

"What did it say?" His voice was thick with emotion as he looked into Duncan's worried eyes.

Duncan sat next to him on the floor and pulled a note out of his pocket. "I wasn't supposed to grab it. Evidence and all, but I thought you might want to see it."

Christian, hand shaking, reached for the note and slowly unfolded it. Anxiety mounted as if the note itself was a bomb ready to explode.

His heart couldn't take it if something were to happen to Kessen.

The note said, "I warned you this would happen."

Christian read it again and again. "That's it?" He turned the note over to look at the back "That's the only thing the kidnapper left?"

Duncan shrugged.

Christian pushed himself off of the ground and began pacing in front of Duncan like a wild beast. "We have to do something. What are the police doing?"

"Their jobs." Duncan's voice was stern, but still laced with concern. Christian threw the note to the ground.

"Where's Nick?"

Duncan also rose from the ground. "He's talking with the police. After all, he was the last person to see Kessen."

At that news, Christian bolted down the hall to Nick's room. Nick was inside talking with police. Christian pushed himself through as two oddly-dressed cops exited the room.

"Why weren't you watching her?" He shoved Nick against the nearest wall and put his arm underneath his neck in a chokehold. "How could you let this happen? What's wrong with you!" He was losing control fast. He barely felt the frantic hands pull him away from Nick.

Nick, always the gentlemen, didn't fight back. Once he caught his breath he answered, "She was upset. I left her alone." He straightened his shirt and glared at Christian. "I'm guessing it's probably something you said or did, or maybe it was something you didn't say or do, my lord." He bowed mockingly and exited the room, leaving Christian red in the face and torn between chasing after him and punching himself in the face for his treatment of her last night.

"The statement," Duncan said. He was now standing next to Christian, a little too calm for Christian's nerves.

Christian nodded numbly and went into his room to change. By the time he was decent, the press had assembled downstairs.

Each step he took down the stairs felt like lead. His whole body felt dragged under the weight of his guilt. What if something happened to her? What if someone was taking advantage of her? Did Kessen have any enemies? The only person who had threatened her had been...

Jenifer.

"We'll release a statement, but please, no questions until we know what we are dealing with," Duncan said diplomatically.

"I-" Christian looked at the eager faces and flashing lights and cleared his throat. "I-" He couldn't say what he had written. It was too cold, too heartless.

He sighed loudly into the microphone and braced the podium with both hands. He closed his eyes and without hesitation or effort said, "I love her. She's the love of my life, and I'll stop at nothing to get her back. Thank you."

Christian glared at the guys as they gave him smug grins from the stairway.

****

Kessen was furious. How dare they? She had been drugged, of that much she was certain. She had spent the majority of the night crying to Nick. At one point he left the room to chat with Duncan and came back with a small drink of tea and whiskey. She drank it, hoping it would help her sleep, but within minutes her vision became blurry and then everything felt like a dream.

She had the sensation of being carried somewhere, and then she heard voices, familiar voices talking about kidnapping and Christian.

It was all too much.

The only positive thing about her current situation was she was convinced she was still on Vandenbrook property. If this was Nick and Duncan's idea of revenge, they had another thing coming. Who kidnaps a girl after she gets dumped?

Well, technically she didn't get dumped, but it was close enough. The man didn't love her and probably never would. He was marrying someone else because of blackmail, and now she was the hurt party.

She moaned until her voice went hoarse.

Maybe it wasn't Duncan and Nick after all. Maybe it was Jenifer? No, that would be crazy. Jenifer was much smaller than she was, and it was definitely Nick and Duncan who had drugged her.

She laughed nervously out loud; it was most definitely crazy. It had to be Nick and Duncan. Who else could carry her up here?

Kessen looked around for food and noticed the 'kidnappers' had left her a sandwich with grapes and a juice box. How kind.

When they came for her-not if, but when-she was going to make them sorry.

She immediately set a plan in motion. If revenge was what they wanted, revenge was what they would get. Suddenly she didn't feel as sad anymore. Revenge gave her something to focus on other than the condition of her lacerated heart. It felt nice. Until she started thinking about Christian again.

****

Nick was trying with every thread of his being not to laugh.

It wasn't working.

Especially when Duncan walked in wearing a fake police uniform and said, "Is this really necessary?"

The guy looked like a poorly paid stripper. His pants were too tight, and the top collar of the police uniform had lipstick stains on it.

"That'll do," Nick said, bursting into laughter.

"I'll get you for this!" Duncan roared as he left the room.

It had been a simple matter to convince the Newberry employees to play along with their little trick. Most of them were more than happy to throw their vice president, the future Duke of Albany, under the bus. Many of them were so eager they brought friends and family to play extra roles.

They had more than enough fake media and police officers to go around. As for their silence, they simply told everyone it was for a reality show in which companies play practical jokes on their bosses.

They ate it up.

As for Christian's parents, they were so relieved that Nick and Duncan were taking care of Christian's feelings once and for all, they were willing to sign over their summer home within minutes.

Nobody had gotten much sleep the night before. Nobody but Christian, who in his champagne stupor wouldn't have awakened if a hippo had charged through his room.

Only true friends faked kidnappings so you would admit your feelings. All in all, Nick felt pretty good about his life at that point.

"Nick!" Christian's voice resounded through the halls.

Duncan, who had just re-entered the room in his costume, hid behind the door. Traitor.

"My Lord?" Nick said just as Christian entered the room.

"Stop calling me that," he grumbled, taking the first seat by the door. Nick hoped Christian wouldn't turn around and ask why Duncan was trembling like a child behind the door.

"Lady Newberry said there was a new lead in the story?"

Duncan coughed; Christian turned in his direction. Out of desperation, Nick howled, "My eye, my eye!"

"Good Lord, man! What's wrong with you?" Christian turned towards him.

"Oh weird. It's gone," Nick said once Duncan was safely out of the room. Christian eyed him as if he had just lost his mind, and then shrugged. It was obvious how tired he was.

"The lead?" Christian urged again.

"Ah, yes." Nick went to sit on the bed. "It's believed she's still on the property."

"And how did they come to that conclusion?" Christian asked in bewilderment.

Just then one of the Newberry/media walked in. "Um, sorry to interrupt, Nick. The employees would like to know when lunch will be. Someone said something about catering, and I wasn't sure-" He turned to look at Christian and paled. "That is, I wasn't sure if, umm..."

"We're feeding the media?" Christian was perplexed. "Since when do we cater for the media?"

Nick laughed heartily. "Oh, young fellow, whom I've never seen before in my life, why don't you go ask Duncan. I'm sure you can find him somewhere!" He hit him hard on the back and turned to Christian.

"Do I know you?" Christian asked slowly.

The young man turned to Nick, who shook his head slightly, but enough for Christian to notice. Finally, he looked at Christian and shrugged. "Sorry, I work for the news. Maybe you've seen me on the telly." He trotted out of the room, leaving Christian confused.

"So we are feeding them?" Christian asked again.

"People have to eat, Christian."

"Right." Christian scratched his face. "And you say the new development happened earlier today?"

Nick shifted uncomfortably on the bed. "Yes, that's right."

"And which police officer made the discovery?"

Nick paused then answered, "All of them."

"They all made the discovery?" Christian asked doubtfully. "At the same time?"

"They're very good." Nick nodded heartily.

Christian eyed him wearily. He looked suspicious.

Nick grinned clumsily as he guided Christian out the door. "Maybe you should join in the search? The police are out searching the grounds right now."

Christian nodded and followed Nick to the back door.

****

Something wasn't right. Of that much Christian was certain. For one thing, he could have sworn the young man who came into the room earlier was not an investigative journalist but one of the baristas at Newberry and Co.

Perplexed, he followed Nick outside. And why were they feeding the media anyway? And how did the police come to find evidence that Kessen was still around? If she was still on the grounds, they should have found her by now.

He scanned the outdoors where several policemen were scattered, looking at the grass. Some were even on their hands and knees sifting through the grass as if trying to find someone's lost contact. Which was proved to be accurate when one younger fellow jumped up in the air exclaiming, "I got it! I got it!" He handed the contact to another policeman who promptly put the contact back in and turned around.

Christian got a good look at his face but honestly couldn't believe his eyes. Either he was drunk or Duncan was wearing a police uniform. A police uniform, which upon further inspection, appeared to be much too tight for his body.

"Is that Duncan?" Christian asked, dumbstruck.

"Uh ... no. You must have hit your head before you passed out last night," Nick informed him, then turned him around to face the east end of the property.

"The only area left unchecked is the east end." Nick subtly dropped the hint.

Christian looked between Nick and the policeman, who he was now convinced was Duncan, and crossed his arms. "What's really going on here?"

Out of the blue, Lady Newberry approached Nick and began chattering, "Now, Nick, I know I'm supposed to act sad, but I've had a terrible time with these eye drops. You say to drop them into the corner of my eye and let them burn so I tear up, but I just can't seem to-"

Christian's mouth dropped open.

Lady Newberry straightened. "Oh hello, Christian. Dreadful, isn't it? It's times like these I wish I had one of those tracking devices they put into humans."

Nick cleared his throat. "You mean the people finder devices, right, Lady Newberry?"

"Why, yes, of course. They have them in dogs you know." She patted Christian on the arm and smiled. "Oh well, I'm just too upset to be outdoors. I'm going to go see about catering for our guests!"

All of Christian's doubts were back full force as he scoured the lawn again. He was looking for a clue, for anything really, that would point out the strange happenings going on at the house.

Because of his grief he hadn't noticed many of the police officers had mismatched uniforms. He asked Nick about them as he began walking, but Nick merely shrugged and said they were from different counties.

Christian finally hit a good question when he found a young fellow he knew he had trained at Newberry and Co. just the week before. He had on a shirt that said "BBC 2" and a camera wrapped around his neck.

"George?" Christian asked.

The kid turned around and smiled. "Oh hello, sir. I must say it's exciting to be out here for all of this. Hello, Nick!" He held out his hand to Nick, who shook it reluctantly.

"And what exactly are you doing out here?" Christian asked.

George looked to Nick for help. Christian stood between the two just in time.

"Taking pictures," George said.

"Of what?" Christian asked.

"The kidnapping, of course," George said gravely. He put his hand over his heart and sighed. "It's been a trying day for everyone, sir. I'm just helping out the news channel."

"Which channel?"

George stuttered before answering Channel 6.

Christian laughed as Nick cursed behind him.

"Thanks, George. That will be all!" George trotted off. Christian turned around and glared at Nick.

Nick saw he was out of options and screamed at the top of his lungs, "Abandon ship!"

Everyone in the yard perked up and began running into the house, leaving Duncan, still in his police uniform, and Nick out in the yard with Christian.

Duncan walked by Christian and dropped a map into his hands. "Have fun," he said, and high-fived Nick as they walked back into the house and locked the doors.

Christian swore.

Then he looked at the map and swore again.

It had Kessen's name on an X and a starting point of the yard with Christian's name on it. He was going to kill them. He was going to rip their heads off. But not before he found Kessen. In fact, he was so pleased Kessen hadn't been kidnapped after all, he started running in the direction of the tiny tree house cottage.

He ran the entire way and stopped at the base of the tree, clueless as to how to save her. Did he barge in? Was he supposed to call for her? Did she know it was a trick? Was she afraid?

He took a deep breath and climbed the ladder to the door.

****

Kessen thought she heard footsteps, but she couldn't be sure. For precautionary reasons, she grabbed the closest thing to a weapon she could find, which was a small gardening shovel that had been left in the cottage.

She gathered it into her still-tied hands and waited. The sound of her own breathing was her only comfort. In and out she breathed until she saw the doorknob twist. Before she had time to think about who was behind the door, she threw the shovel, hitting the person square in the stomach.

It was Christian.

Did he kidnap her?

He was howling in pain. "Why'd you do that?"

"I was scared!" she cried in outrage. "You didn't have to be so creepy, turning the doorknob as slow as you did!"

"I was trying to be quiet, in case you were sleeping!" he screamed.

"Sleeping? After being kidnapped! I think not!" She kicked in his general direction just to show how angry she was, but did nothing but lift dust off the floor.

He scooted towards her and began untying her wrists.

"I think it was Duncan and Nick." Her teeth were clenched. They felt so tight with stress she thought they might fall out from being held so firmly against her jaw.

"It was them, and I have proof," Christian mumbled. "I have no idea why they thought this was a good prank. I was nearly out of my mind with worry."

Kessen pushed Christian's hands away and settled into the corner. "Just leave me alone." She swore at him. It hurt too much to know he was worried about her, to know he cared even a little, when he was to be with another woman.

"No!" he barked.

"Excuse me?"

"I said no, I'm not leaving you alone. Not now-not ever. Now get up!" He was standing over her.

"No!"

"Please?" His voice was still gruff, but she relented. She did want to get out of this place, if only so she could go and murder the two men who had put her in this mess.

Kessen pushed up onto wobbly legs then promptly swooned, for the first time in her life, into Christian's strong arms.

In her mind she was screaming, trying to push away, but he held her tight against his chest.

"No," he said softly.

She was still fighting when she heard more noise outside.

The door flew open, revealing Duncan and Nick with huge grins on their faces.

"Oh look! You've found Kessen!" Nick said, as if he had no idea where she had been the entire time.

"Kessen, how wonderful that Christian has saved you!" Duncan said, patting Christian on the back. "He must love you very much. You must marry at once!"

Kessen felt a tear slide down her cheek as she shook the memory of the previous night away from her consciousness. He didn't love her; he would have said as much or at least tried to fight off Jenifer, or paid her off for that matter.

Nick nudged Duncan, who pushed Christian, who got down on one knee in front of Kessen and smiled. "I do."

"You do what?" Kessen asked, still sniffling.

"I love you." The words didn't seem real-the moment didn't seem real. Was he being serious? She looked into his piercing eyes and smiled.

"And if you don't believe him, watch this!" Nick opened up a small video camera and showed Kessen what had taken place over the last few hours.

"What's this?" she asked curiously.

Christian rolled his eyes. "Oh, just the fake press conference for your pretend kidnapping, where I made a very real speech about how I feel."

He stopped talking as the video played.

His face said it all in the video. Even if he hadn't said it with his words, his face had said it.

"You love me!" Kessen yelled, a little too loud for such a crowded space. Duncan swore and covered his ears with his hands.

"Um, Kessen?" Nick whispered. "How do you feel about Christian now that he has declared his love?"

Kessen beamed. "He's okay."

Christian's eyes widened into saucers while Duncan and Nick roared with laughter.

Kessen reached up to Christian's face and pulled him into a long-awaited kiss. The only sound in her ears now was that of Nick and Duncan making gagging noises as they watched the free show.

Christian and Kessen walked hand-in-hand back to the house, both constantly stealing glances at one another as if stunned that this was now their reality.

They reached the house within a few minutes. Kessen outwardly groaned when she smelled the food. Apparently the Newberry employees were having a barbecue at their boss's house. How nice.

It wasn't until a few hours later that Kessen was able to be alone with Christian. He cornered her in the hallway as she was coming out of her room. There was no turning back.

"Where are you off to?" he asked, closing the distance between them with rapid speed.

Kessen gulped. "I was going to go downstairs."

"To do what?"

Kessen thought about lying, then realized Christian could help her. Smiling sweetly, she touched his arm. "I was just going to find some paintball guns and do a bit of-hunting."

"Hunting?" His eyebrows lifted in interest. "And what, dear girl, would you be hunting at this time of night?"

"Men."

"Two of them?"

"Exactly two, no more, no less." She leaned in towards his face. "You in?"

"They won't know what hit them." He grabbed her hand, and they were off.

It took less than ten minutes to locate weapons and less than five for them to put on enough camouflage to be able to hide in the brush outside.

They told Lady Newberry their plan. She was so excited to be involved she asked to help. It was simple; all they needed was for Duncan and Nick to be led out towards the garden where they would be sitting ducks.

Lady Newberry obliged; she told them to sit tight and went off on her way.

Kessen shifted uncomfortably on the grass while Christian moved next to her. They waited for about five minutes before they heard the boys approaching.

"All I'm saying, Lady Newberry, is it was a brilliant plan!" Nick threw his hands into the air. "We almost pulled it off."

"You should be a screenwriter or an author or something," Duncan said seriously. They shook hands as to congratulate one another and walked right in front of where Christian and Kessen were waiting.

Lady Newberry suddenly gasped. "Oh dear, I forgot my glasses. Will you two just wait for me right there? I do love to look at the garden in the evening! Especially with two attractive young gentlemen." She winked and shuffled off.

Nick laughed.

Duncan snorted, "She meant me, not you."

"Are you saying I'm not as attractive as you are?" Nick sounded shocked.

"I think any woman would think so." Duncan pushed Nick back a little.

Nick laughed loudly. "Please. This coming from a man who can't even drink coffee!"

"Oh, so it's about tea and coffee again?" Duncan pushed him again. "Is that the only argument you have?"

"It's the only argument there is! Coffee prevents cancer!"

"Tea has more antioxidants!" Duncan yelled.

Nick kicked dirt into the air. "Tea ruins people's teeth way more than coffee does!"

Christian chuckled beside Kessen then whispered, "How long should we let this go on?"

Kessen pushed her lips together to keep from laughing. "Now seems like a good time, don't you think?"

Christian nodded his head. "Brilliant."

Kessen counted. "Okay, ready in one, two, three, go!"

They shot up from the ground and began pounding paintballs out as if it was their job to destroy their enemy.

Surges of yelps and swear words resounded throughout the yard as Duncan and Nick ran back into the house. Kessen and Christian had successfully pelted their legs and stomachs at point-blank range.

Laughing, Kessen grabbed Christian's hand and pulled him to the ground again, just in case Nick and Duncan found guns and decided to fight them like men.

Christian appeared to trip and rather than land next to Kessen he landed on top of her, but braced himself above her so he wouldn't crush her.

"Was that on purpose?" she asked breathlessly.

He leaned in, "What do you think?"

"I think your moves need work, my lord."

Christian moved closer until his lips were only an inch from hers. "Practice does make perfect, my lady."

To this day they still argue over who went in for the kiss first.

Kessen sighed as Christian claimed her mouth with his own. She felt the pressure of his tongue as it slid into her mouth and teased her mercilessly until she was without any logical thought.

She twisted so she could get on top of him and began tugging at his clothes. He seemed just as eager to remove any barriers from between their bodies, as he began tearing at hers with equal force and vigor.

Unfortunately, in all their excitement they had forgotten they were still outside. That is, until Lady Newberry walked up and gasped.

"Do you know," she said, putting her hands on her hips, "I have caught you two in some of the most compromising situations I have ever seen?"

Kessen froze. Christian hid behind her head while she mouthed traitor to him.

Lady Newberry groaned. "It's a good thing you're getting married this weekend, a darn good thing." And she walked off.

"Maybe we should..." Christian started to say.

"Yeah, we should go inside before..." Kessen was also without words.

"Before I destroy you!" A voice boomed behind the tree. They both turned to see Duncan with a helmet, two paintball guns and at least four sets of clothing on.

"Run!" Christian yelled, pulling Kessen to her feet. Frantically they grabbed their outer clothes and made a beeline for the house.

Kessen, remembering she merely needed to run faster than Christian, tried to open the back door. It was locked. She watched as Christian, arms over his head, shouted for her to run to the front of the house. They split up, each going around one side on their own.

When they reached the front of the house cameras began flashing.

"And here we have the happy couple now."

"We are so glad to have the wedding in just a day here at the Vandenbrook country home," the duke said excitedly.

Kessen froze in her tracks and sent a searing glance towards Christian.

He appeared to be swearing as he put on his coat and smoothed his hair. Lucky for them, it appeared they were being chased, not rolling around in the grass, mauling each other without a care for propriety.

What looked like a lot of media personnel ended up being only one news channel. The only one allowed to cover the wedding.

The next three hours consisted of tireless questions and lots of walking. The crew wanted to be shown everything. The bridal gown, the location, the flowers.

It was enough to give Kessen the sudden urge to elope.

After her little tryst with Christian in the grass, elopement was sounding better and better idea by the second. She hardly noticed when, after giving the news team a tour of the garden, he walked by and slipped a folded note in her hand.

Tonight, ten. My room. Don't let anyone see you.

She could hardly hide her smile, which threatened to take over her face.

Ten couldn't come fast enough. By the time the clock had struck a quarter till ten, Kessen gave up and promptly knocked on Christian's door.

No answer.

She knocked again, this time a bit louder.

She looked down the hall to see if anyone was coming, just as the door swung open and Christian pulled her in.

"Lock it," she said breathlessly, but his hand was already turning the latch.

Moaning her name, he carried her to the fireplace and set her on a large blanket. Next to the blanket was a plate of chocolate-covered fruit and champagne. Next to the champagne was the book he had started reading to her the night before. Tonight they weren't going to chance any interruptions.

He lowered the lights in his room and motioned for her to scoot closer to him. She scooted, but apparently not fast enough for him. In one giant swoop, he gathered her off the floor and placed her in his lap; his arms went around her as he began alternating between massaging and kissing her neck.

"I'm getting you out of this," he grumbled, tugging at her sweatshirt.

Either she was done trying or her morals had gone straight out the window, because rather than fight him about being proper, Kessen fully compromised herself by lifting her hands so he could slip it off her easier.

"I'm not going to seduce you," he whispered huskily into her ear. "Yet."

Her toes tingled with delight.

"But," he said, "I'm going to continue with this wooing business if it kills me. " He slipped the sweatshirt effortlessly from her and stared at her athletic form. She had nothing but a tank top and shorts on, making her feel naked and exposed sitting there.

He began expertly running his fingers across her shoulders in smooth motions. His hands ran down her arms slowly as if to savor every moment his hands were touching her skin. Kessen watched, afraid any noise might break the spell.

Christian wasn't even watching her face; he was too focused on her arms, legs, and every part of her that screamed for his attention. He kissed down her arm to the sensitive part inside her wrist. She shuddered with delight as he brought her other wrist to his lips and caressed it with his tongue.

He gently placed both wrists in her lap as he rested his hands on her hips, then he moved her gently against him and breathed into her hair. His grip tightened on her waist, and he spun her around to face him.

Kessen turned, and with his help was now straddling the future Duke of Vandenbrook in his room. Lady Newberry would have a fit if she was to barge in, but nobody was going to barge in. It was just them.

Christian sighed and placed his hand firmly over Kessen's chest as if he wanted to feel her heart beat through his hand. Her breathing sped up. He leaned in and kissed her on the side of the mouth. The room felt heavy and tense as he tugged at her bottom lip with his teeth.

Gently at first, then more forcefully as she opened her mouth to welcome his slow invasion. He took his time, as if each taste told him more and more about her. She might as well have been naked for as exposed as she felt.

Her arms were still limp at her sides; Christian reached down and wrapped them around his neck. She braced herself against him and he continued to kiss her as if she was the only reason for his existence.

His kisses could ruin a girl.

She felt thoroughly ruined at that point.

Just when she didn't think she could take anymore, he slid his hands down her sides and paused, pulling away from her face for just an instant. His eyes were black with desire.

"How many days?" His voice was hoarse. Apparently his wooing was doing just as much to him as it was to her.

She smiled seductively, pushing her hand against his chest and biting his ear. "Two days."

Christian groaned. She kissed his neck.

Muttering something in French, he threw his weight over her, his body acting as her blanket as he suggestively started pushing up her shirt.

Heat personified, he possessed her with a hunger she never knew possible. Desire coursed through her veins as she pulled him closer.

A knock echoed distantly through the haze.

They froze.

"You've got to be kidding me..." His breathing was uneven as he hovered over Kessen. He looked like a lion ready to pounce at any minute.

The knock grew louder and more insistent until finally Christian told Kessen to go hide while he opened the door.

He walked slowly to the door, making sure he looked presentable, then opened it a slight crack.

Kessen couldn't hear anything but was more than shocked when Christian turned around with a silly grin on his face and walked out of the room.

She came out of her hiding spot, extremely confused, but the confusion didn't last long as her father walked through the door with arms wide open. "I should punish you for being alone with that young man, but it was my dearest wish you would marry a Brit!"

Good to know her father's moral compass only pointed true when the man wasn't of his same heritage. It made a girl feel good.

A little mortified to be caught in any man's room by her father, she hung her head and slowly walked over to him. He pulled her into a tight embrace and kissed her forehead.

"I couldn't have planned it better myself, you know," he said into her hair.

"What do you mean?"

He chuckled. "Oh, nothing-just that the duke and I have been discussing for some while about how to get you two settled down. It only made sense to throw you at one another and see if any interest came out of it. Of course..." he cleared his throat, "I knew he would be interested in you, but I've never thought any of the boys you dated were good enough for you."

All two of them, Kessen thought, suddenly glad Nick wasn't there to laugh in her face. How odd that her own father noticed she needed help in the dating department. It suddenly seemed her and Christian's suspicions were right.

They had been set up.

Well played. Well played. Both parents made it seem like it was an accident that they were caught in the garden. It made her wonder if they had been spying on them all night, just hoping and waiting for an opportunity to sell them out to the press. She made a mental note to ask her grandmother for more clarification after the wedding ... and after her grandmother had downed at least two glasses of wine.

She choked back the escaping laughter.

"What's so funny?" Her father pushed the hair from her face.

"Just excited you are here." She hugged him tighter and closed her eyes.

"Me too, me too."

****

As weddings go, this one was turning out to be far from perfect.

First of all, the harpist was an hour late. Then it started raining, which shouldn't have been a surprise to anyone since they were in England, but people still grumbled. Luckily, Kessen's grandmother had had enough foresight to order tents for the outdoor reception. Though Kessen was thankful that the ceremony would take place in the family's old chapel on the estate.

Kessen was trying not to be a bundle of nerves, but was failing miserably when she caught her reflection in the mirror. She was wearing a dress straight out of Cinderella's dreams.

It was strapless with a perfectly tight bodice that went out to her hips. The bodice had hundreds of crystals sewn into it and was, by all accounts, gorgeous. The rest of the dress flared out low on her hips into small waves of taffeta elegance. The material gathered at the back and went into a two-foot long train.

Her grandmother told her it was customary for the ladies of their families to wear tiaras, which on the inside made Kessen leap for joy, but on the outside she pretended to be indifferent.

It was a beautiful family heirloom, which delicately fit on the top of her head amidst the giant curls of her bright blonde hair.

Not that she needed any reminding, but her grandmother was doing a perfect job of making sure Kessen knew just how important this ceremony was.

"You are no longer the daughter of Lord Newberry, but the wife of the future Duke of Vandenbrook. As the future duchess, you must hold your head high like one." Lady Newberry showed Kessen how to walk and lift her head high above the crowd.

Kessen wasn't listening.

She was only thinking about Christian and the fact she would be his wife in less than an hour. A warm fluttering had tormented her stomach ever since she woke up that morning. She hadn't seen him all day. Even though it was bad luck, she kept praying he would stop by her room to reassure her.

And then a knock came at the door.

It was Duncan and Nick with a blindfolded Christian in tow.

"What's this?" she asked, breathless with delight.

Nick tightened the blindfold and shrugged. "He kept complaining about wanting to see you, but Duncan said it was bad luck, so we blindfolded him."

Duncan looked beyond pleased with himself as he put his fingers through his suspenders and nodded his head in agreement. "You have five minutes, Christian. Then we are coming back to escort you to the ceremony. Do try to behave yourself until we return."

Christian shook his head and tilted it towards the sky as if to say, "I can't believe they did this to me."

Kessen suddenly felt nervous as she looked at her future husband. His suit had obviously been made for his chiseled body. He looked every bit the aristocratic man he was. The only thing that gave him away was the ecstatic grin spread across his face.

"So...." Kessen said, approaching him. Her dress swished around her ankles as she walked. "What brings you to my chamber?"

Christian swallowed then opened his mouth to speak; it was then Kessen, in all her bravery, stole a kiss. And not just any kiss, but a kiss that came from deep in her soul. She grabbed the back of Christian's head and pulled it towards her, leaving him no way to escape her grasp.

Not that he appeared to mind, considering his hands began roaming all over her dress in the most inappropriate fashion.

"You're beautiful," he said against her lips.

"What? You're blindfolded! How would you even know?"

His hands were on her hips as he pulled his head away. He began slowly running them across the bodice, up her sides then back down again, then he pulled his hands down her hips and felt the material as it pooled at her legs. "Just beautiful," he whispered.

Kessen wanted to melt right at his feet.

Christian stood up to face her, blindfold still firmly attached, and put his hands on her face. "I can't wait to marry you." His voice was husky and stretched; his limit had been reached already.

"Okay!" Nick said, entering the room.

Duncan followed close behind. "It's time to get you two married!"

"Finally!" Christian bellowed, turning to the two men.

Kessen held back her laughter and watched them leave the room.

****

Christian had always thought himself a man in control, a man who knew himself, who knew what his limits were. Yet after having his hands on Kessen's body and feeling her dress, he wanted nothing more than to push Duncan and Nick down the stairs and lock himself in the room with Kessen.

This was not his normal behavior. For crying out loud, he had been raised to be the next duke. He had self-control; he knew what was appropriate and inappropriate, yet the temptation stayed and burned into him, causing such agony he wanted to yell.

This was love.

It was also lust-but it was mainly love. He could never do without her smile, the incessant talking, the intelligence, the spunk-there were so many things he loved about her, he felt the need to break out into song and dance, which would most likely terrify the guests, his father included.

He took off his blindfold and went outside to wait for his bride in the chapel.

Five minutes later the music started, and his heart felt like it would beat directly out of his chest. This was it-the moment they had been waiting for.

Everyone stood, making it difficult for him to see Kessen at all. He wanted to yell for everyone to sit down. He nearly went out of his mind with anticipation, and then he saw a flash of white.

And then more.

And then his heart stopped altogether.

She was perfect, and she was his.

Kessen looked like a fairy princess as she glided down the aisle towards him. The logical side of his mind said, "Steady, man. Let her make it down the aisle first. Steady." While the more impulsive side said, "Run after her! Run to her arms!"

Up until that moment, life had always been about the logical side; he hated that side. He looked at Duncan and winked. Then he strode towards Kessen like a bat out of Hell. The normal bride reaction would be shock; instead Kessen sped towards him.

He was giving the media a feast at this moment. A Vandenbrook was breaking protocol at his own wedding. A Vandenbrook was making a romantic scene. As he closed the distance between him and Kessen, he heard people start to laugh, then gasp, then clap.

He pulled her roughly into his arms and stared into her glassy eyes. "I love you."

She nodded, which he knew meant she was about to cry at any moment and could not utter words. She reached up and kissed him. He twirled her around the aisle kissing her face, her neck, her cheeks, anything he could get his lips on.

A throat cleared, making both of them break apart in laughter.

After all, throat clearing was what had followed their first kiss, and their second, and ... well, there were a lot of interruptions during their short romance.

But no more. Now they were to be married. He put Kessen's arm in his own and escorted her the rest of the way down the aisle while people cheered loudly.

Before he knew it, he was sitting at the reception drinking wine and joking with Kessen about the look on Duncan's face when he started walking towards her down the aisle.

"I thought he was going to faint," she said, laughing.

"I almost did," Duncan grumbled. "Nick held me back. He said something about Christian being romantic."

Nick crossed his arms and nodded. "It reminded me of those romance novels, and then I realized I wanted Kessen to be the star of her own story."

"Aw, Nick. That's the nicest thing you've said all week." Kessen patted his arm.

"Well, he is rather foxed, so maybe that's why," Christian interrupted.

Nick glared while Duncan laughed and poured everyone another glass of champagne.

"To romance novels!" he said, lifting his glass into the air.

"Cheers!" they said together, then laughed as they celebrated what had to be the craziest Vandenbrook story yet.

Epilogue

"Are you sure the doors are locked, Christian?" Kessen was closing the blinds and making sure all windows had locks on them.

He groaned loudly. "Kessen, I promise if you don't stop asking me that or making me check, I'm going to cry. You will see firsthand the future Duke of Albany cry on his wedding night."

"Aw, that's so sweet." She purred, kissing his cheek.

"Not. Sweet." His voice was hoarse. "Not sweet at all. I'm going to cry because I've wanted you for what feels like forever and now you're putting me off ... because you're worried about interruptions!"

"Well." She lifted an eyebrow and ignored Christian's grumbling as she pulled her bathrobe tighter. "You must admit they seem to be constant."

"But we're married now!" he nearly shouted, tugging at her silky night robe.

She liked torturing him; it might be her new favorite hobby. But he was only a man and he had obviously had enough. She sighed then lowered the lights.

Christian's eyes widened as she played with the cords of her bathrobe then suddenly threw it off. His mouth dropped open and his gaze reverently went to her body.

Neither of them moved.

The air in the room was electric.

Christian finally broke the dense fog that was their sensual tension by walking towards her. She knew what he was thinking. She had ordered French lingerie in order to drive him mad, but instead she found her own body ready to explode with need.

He took one look at her and her white lingerie and pulled her into a tight embrace. "If a man ever looks at you again, I'll have him killed."

She shook with laughter in his arms. "I'd rather my husband not be in prison during the first year of our marriage."

He sighed. "Fine, but you are mine."

She licked her lips. "I will be soon."

He groaned and kissed her deeply. This time he didn't break the kiss; he didn't struggle with his conscience, and he didn't have to worry about Nick and Duncan paintballing his backside.

With no effort, he lifted Kessen onto the bed and began his seduction. Slowly teasing every part of her body until she thought she would go crazy.

His eyes were wild as he pulled her into an embrace and took possession of her.

It was in that moment Kessen really did believe the rumors about Vandenbrooks being the best lovers. It had said as much in the books, but now ... she knew it was true.

